
One of the easiest and most important decisions I make every day is securing my home with Simply Safe. Whether I'm out on tour or just home with a movie, I feel better knowing my home is protected so I can focus on what I've gotta get done. Knowing Simply Safe has my back in a crisis, I travel a lot. But since I use SimpliSafe, which I'm also getting put on my mother's home, I don't have to think about if someone strange is lurking around my house, looking into Windows being goofy, et cetera. SimpliSafe has active guard outdoor protection that helps prevent break-ins before they happen. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees.


Monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee, or your money back. That's what Simply Safe is offering. Visit simply Safe, SIM S A e.com/theo to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply safe.com/theo. There's no safe, like simply Safe right here. We've got some new, new tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on July the ninth, Rochester, New York on July the 10th, and Detroit, Michigan on July 11th and 12th at the Fox Theater.


As well. We have shows upcoming in Miami, Cedar Rapids, St. Paul Fargo, rapid City, Winnipeg, and re. You can get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash to. Thank you so much for the support. Today's guest is a legendary comedian and actor. He's a friend of mine, probably my closest friend in Hollywood. I'll say that. Or out of that area, you know, and it, I just feel blessed to know him. He's got a new special Dandelion streaming now on Prime Video.


You know his classic movies, Tommy Boy, black Sheep Joe Dirt. This guy's got a big heart, I'll tell you that. And one of the biggest senses of humor that exists. I'm happy to welcome back to today's guest, Mr. David Spade. Alright, We ready? We ready? Waiting. Waiting.


This is a fucking waiting Game. Waiting for Gal Gadot. Have you seen that movie that play Waiting for Gal? Yeah. Waiting. I like Gal Gadot. Waiting for Gal Gadot. It's like a new, it's a female take on. No, it's not. You haven't seen that? Waiting on Gal Gau? Yeah. Oh, I would wait on her. No, It's in a, it's a, it's a Waiting, Waiting on Gau. That one. It's a, a book that her assistant wrote. There's one called Waiting On. Is that true? That's a good one. I if it is. You know, it's a good one. Waiting on, Sorry. Waiting on who? That's What Rachel Zeer. Oh, that's Her. That's what Her, that's what the head of Disney wrote that book Waiting on Rachel Zigler.


Dude. Well, what happened? They didn't put what happened with that whole thing. They didn't put little people in it, right First? Is that what happened? Oh, in Snow White. Yeah, snow White. I think the problem was, there was a, I don't think there's any problem with casting. Her gal Gado is gorgeous. She's a good wicked queen. I think they lo they started with the dwarfs and they, and they made 'em, I don't know what happened. Dwarfs should, I think the idea was they should work like if, Right. Little people should have the ability they need. There's, there's seven jobs out of the 10 a year, so let's give 'em these 10, these seven. And then I don't think I would leave it up to them.


Do you guys wanna work? You know, I sound like it's so horrible to you guys. I mean, listen, there's a lot that work. People say Peter Dinklage, but they can't name 10 more that are that work a lot. So hell leave it up to them. Well, yeah, well I think they also, I think it got pretty DEI here too, which is fine. But it's like, if they were white, like Is the first one. Is that, that's not, these Are the originals. Dave Grohl His first guy. Yeah. I mean, I think his wife lets him. He has been, he hasn't been doing well. He's standing all Yeah, wife kicked him out. It's rude. And first of all, that's Friar Tuck, who they obviously just repurposed from Robin Hood, so that's not cool.


Oh right. And, and so they just, this is their new version. It's the exact And who is that? That's like 49 ERs quarterback. That's, yeah. Throws a parks. That guy. What's his name? Mac. The JJ Walkers. Oh Yeah. Close to the Back. Yeah. David, can you pull your mic up closer? Closer than this? Yes, please. Jesus. That's what guys say when they put their wiener in my face. Yeah, I know. Can you go a little closer? I go, wh why? What are we doing? This isn't a blow job. They go, no, no, no, just try to touch the back of your throat with it. I go, but that sounds like it's heading towards a beach. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, is he talking about Kaepernick? Yeah. There's your boy right there. And who's the last guy at the end of the line? That is That Guy. No, that's Girl.


Yeah, that's girl. Who's the guy in the back? Yeah, The guy in the back. That's a Woman. No, that isn't. It could be That guy's just a homeless dude that walked under the set And had dude just like temporarily Layoff. They really got Ed on Snow White though. That is, it did not work in any way, shape, or form. So it's so cool. And I guess people didn't like it. Then Minecraft came along and beat the fucking shit out of it. Well also Snow White. It should be about the Fentanyl problem, huh? I think China White was Yeah, that's what it should be. I was around for China White when I was a kid. Like that was the, I was so lucky. 'cause you used to do a little sniffy Jiffy. I heard. And it is fun.


There are negatives. Yeah. But we always start with the positives, especially about that. If I could afford more when I was parking cars and being a busboy, I would've definitely gone crazy. Yeah. I could not, thank God I could do a quarter gram in a weekend, then I just, I could only afford 25 bucks. That was it. And yeah, even that wasn't money well spent. But don't get all excited. Sorry. You're getting a boner. It is exciting. I mean, talking about it, doing it, it was fun. It was hard to just quit it, but it just, I just watch and you go, no way to have a career. There's no way to have anything good with all this pressure and shit you gotta do. And people like to rat you out. And people like to say, this guy, you know, he is all Oh, fucking DD yeah.


Little power flower now and then. So if they start getting that word out there, I luckily never got that word. I didn't do any of the whole SNL. And that's the funniest part is that I did dabble a little bit before that just 'cause I was in fucking show biz. And you're from Arizona? From Scottsdale local, yeah. S Scottsdale. Yeah. Well, it doesn't mean it wasn't really the cocaine capital of the world, but you know, I was in the comedy biz and a couple guys had it and I was like, fucking, I would partake just for fun. Yeah. And obviously, and then, oh yeah, brother. But one time I did a lot and I was like, yeah, I feel like I should go to the hospital. Yeah. You know, I keep saying, and you'll walk over there. That's the craziest is no, I'm Fucking sprinted.


No, because the funny thing is you just turn into JonBenet one bump and I'm like, I'm a Yankee doodle dandy and I'm feeling great. And then I, I I, I made my friend drive me and I got there and he is like, and it was freezing and I was shaking and tight. And then he goes, you gotta go in there. And I, and he goes, but they're gonna ask. 'cause they did stand up for about a year, right. And they go, they're gonna ask and they're gonna, yeah, they're gonna have to call the police. I go, no, no, no extra scared. And he cranks the heater on in the car and I'm starting to fucking sweat. But this is a good friend. 'cause he was there with me for three hours. He goes, I'll let you, you should go in there in a second, but just tell me more. And I was like, I was calming down. This was the trick. I didn't know this.


And my heart was going from like 3000 over 2000 to like, started to get back to normal. And then it got light out. And then I go, let's go home. So Gross. And then I go, I'll never do it again. Four days later, Hey dude, I'm fucking Jenkin. What a great guy. There's me and they make me jump. Oh yeah. JonBenet brother. Dude. It's funny. That's beautiful in those days. First of all, because it reminded me of my old car because this place is out in the middle of nowhere next to some junkyard where we're shooting.


This is a nice area. I mean, it's a nice area if you have no money. So I, I used to go to this junkyard and go to pick apart, you know what that is where you have, they have all the cars out there. You Can go looking for what you need And you get apart for your own car. Yeah. No one thinks this ultra pussy did that. I'd go out there when they got him socket wrench looking for a Subaru brat handle. You know, they go, go out there and that's how all that Joe Dirt stuff started. 'cause I'm like, I did that. Get an alternator, put it in my Volvo, put it in wrong and just live that gross li and it's 110 degrees out there and you're burning your hands. I remember my old Volvo was a 62 mm. And I, I, yeah, it looked like a planter.


I should have sh shaved the top off, filled it with dirt. And I would take, if I ever had a date, which was rare, it was leaking a quart of oil a day. Yeah. So for those of you at home that don't know, that's a lot. And I had to buy a quart, I mean like a, like a box of Pennzoil. And then every day, at some point I had to put a cord in. And if you ever had a date, it was so embarrassing because at some point I had to have them put a cord in, you know, and I had to explain how to do it. And I, I had to sit in the front seat and go, oh yeah, no, you gotta poke the hole. And then you got, and you poke one the other side. And well That was like, the original Viagra I think was like, you'd have to pull your carver and put a quart oil in it, you know?


Yeah. But the rev of the engine, we keep everybody, I'm sorry, possible. Sorry. Yeah. Maybe they Would keep you sexually possible, you know, sexually. But then now it's like, dude, just, you have people literally drinking oil and BlueChew or whatever at the same, it's like, it's all on the responsibility. The man. I think the, there's a, there's a new problem where it's like, I don't want this guy screaming at me again. The microphone's too far away from my mug. So there's a new problem with, with a lot of people on medication. And I, it, when I grew up, I don't think anyone was, now did we have autism? Did we have a DD? But it just, yeah. People thought you're weird. That's all. You know, so, or just different. And then now people are on uppers.


Downers. So there's that and some bone go away. That's what I'm hearing. So that's why BLUECHEW and boner pills are, are everywhere. And, and they're for younger people, not just people. Oh. You'll see. You can't even get a kid's diaper off 'cause he's all winged up. He's Rotted up. Yeah. Fucking rock art I think Winged up. Is that one What I mean, I don dunno what these Fucking sundial in there. I like no picture. No picture for that. Yeah. Sometimes like you'll go to the dad, you'll be like that, you Know? Yeah. Good job, Dude. But nothing crazy. And they're not big. It's nothing you can keep a spare key on or anything.


You know, you can hang your coat. Yeah, no, no. I know. Baby boners are really, I, I feel like when I go to the gas station and, and they always have like those sort of fake ones right there. Oh yeah. Like Rhinoceros Two. Yeah. 2 billion, huh. Impulse buy. And I go, I don't know. And I'm getting my stuff. Here's my pretzels. And they're like, Hey Rod for the road. I'm like, why not? Let me, I'm gonna Irvine. It's a long drive. Who wants a boner to drive around anyway? I dunno if that's what they're for. Yeah. I don't get 'em, I don't get a lot of like manmade boners, whatever they're called anymore. Yeah. I get mine. Yeah. There's some power Zen vicious pussy Serpent, extreme Rod.


Yeah. I Love those. Actually this is kind of merged with like the fireworks circuit. I think these things and fireworks are so close to being just compatible. Yeah. Dude, I heard a story Yeah. That you that we had. We just had a bus driver when we were doing touring for standup. Yeah. And he, either he or his brother had driven you. And one time you stopped at a firework stand and went in and did your Joe Dirt bed. Is that true? Well, I think we had the same driver. 'cause I think he texted me and said, I got Theo now. But I was, I don't do a lot of bus tours. And we were, I think in Kentucky it was perfecto for Joe Dirt.


And so, so many people were saying were knowing me from Joe Dirt that I said, fuck, there are fireworks stands here. Like there were in Arizona when I grew up. And so I said, let's, let's find one and pull over. I just want to go in and see what they have, you know? Yeah. See the new stuff you got the good stuff. I did ask 'em if they got the good stuff. And then, so the funny part was we went in and it was sort of an older woman and, and two young guys and they knew me right away. But I did have a hat on in shades. But they knew it right away. And then they took me around and showed me all their ones. The Godfather, this one, you know, it's basically just basically you get to a point where what North Korea has. Yeah.


It's really, it gets very extreme. We, when I grew up black cats, the basics M eighties Roman Candles were a hit. Yeah. And then Whistling pussy chasers. Yeah, that's what we called 'em in the movie. Then we had to switch it to Kitty Chaser. Oh really? Is that true? Oh yeah. Whistling bungle. Yeah. And no spleens footage. Yeah. Me and Fred Wolf just made these up. Some, some sound. Them Whisker biscuits. Those honky lighters are for sure. Yeah. Cherry bombs was real kicking wing whistling. OLS is fake. But we had quarter sticks, M 80. We'd go to Mexico and get a quarter sticks and half sticks of dynamite.


Really? No supervision at all. Yeah. Yeah. That's when they have real dynamite. That's not fireworks anymore. No. It gets in a different area. Yeah. Like you should join a labor union. I feel Like they're like, oh, they open your trunk. They go, I go, I've got fireworks. They're like, this is an AR 15. And I go, I know. Fire comes out the front. It's, it's, it's very murky what you can describe as fireworks these days. Yeah. We had, I'm trying to think the craziest were fire Don't work. It's like the ones where you'd light them and it would just come out the other side or you would light them and then your stepdad would call your mom a whore and just drive off. You're like, how is this even Connected? Oh yeah. Yeah. It was Like, oh, Look at these. Oh, is this a Fireworks at Coachella?


Misfires and Hits area near a crowd of people and sets Tree on Fire. Oh, I think this was part of MG K's outfit. Put this part of his outfit. Look at that shit, dude. How bad did you fucking miss? You're just aiming for the air. Oh, they should make the fireworks you when you light 'em. And then they, they only hit a pedophile when they take off. Yeah. That pedophile chasers. Yeah. And it's light 'em up in dc This Looks like the inside of the Minecraft movie when they bring the chicken jockey out. Have you seen that people light fireworks in there now? I'm seen there's a part of the movie that something happens. Everyone used to throw popcorn at the screen and now they've gone. Now they get in fights and they light off firecrackers and it goes bananas.


So they have to stop the movie now. Is it like, like kind like Rocky Horror picture show A little bit worse because they were contained and they, okay, something's gonna wrong. Go wrong. Oh, is this Terry? This is like, yeah. Is This back it up Terry? Let's see it. Are we allowed to show this? Yeah, just The darker side of fireworks here. Yeah, yeah. Hey, hold on. I don know if this is the guy that should be lighting him and running, he should sort of be kicking back about a hundred feet away. Yeah. Yeah. This is crazy, dude. These guys do not look like professionals. For sure. They didn't know where to light it. This, this guy's Make-A-Wish foundation. I don't wanna light fireworks.


They reverse Terry. They reverse. Get outta there, Terry. Geez. Ow loud. Ow no one helps him. Damn. Terry. Whatcha doing? Terry? Help him. Terry. What? M like whatcha doing Terry? How fucking Terry? He's blinded. He can't see the guy in he control panel. God No, dude, they not kidding. It's so funny. I cannot stand and watch people on that just film things and never get involved. They laughed their fucking ass off no matter what. People Getting stabbed. Did you see the stabbed? Did you the guy who fell in the water the other day? No. Bring up that guy who they paid, they dared him like three or $400 to get into the water of like a flash flood, basically.


Oh, I'm sure he's dead. It was a beautiful young man. I don't know how he's doing. See if you can find that dude. Yeah. While we're doing That, the craziest was like the, the saddest was we had a guy by us, a dad, and he was like, just like barely a day. He was like, kind of like a whimsical kind of dad. Like wish he'd never probably been married to a, and I'm gonna say this fast so I don't sound like sexist or anything, woman, you know? Yeah. And he would only get his kids smoke bombs, so they would light like a million smoke bombs. I like smoke bombs. Yeah. But they're cool. But they would have nothing and they would do so many, it would look like that in Indian holiday or whatever. You know, the one where like suddenly you see this bunch of, in Indian people crossing the street who looked like they got attacked by like an Easter, right.


Like a Easter chalkboard or something, you know, like, you know what I'm talking About? Like they clap the Yes. Like somebody just emptied like more LeBron at the Laker game goes like that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like it was Easter Sunday and LeBron was just firing off right in front of them. See? Yeah. Smoke bombs aren't as fun as they sound. You need more shit going on. Is this it? Oh yeah. There's fire crafts in the Minecraft. See In the movie theater. Look at my fucking story. Checks out. Yeah. Wow. Oh my God. And who did this? Israel? Yeah. This is a, this is Gaza. This is Crazy. Like we say ga, we laugh. It's so fucking uncool. It's so serious. It's A comedy show.


It's hard if sometimes you got, Hey, you know what a police officer told me one time he said that they'll have, they'll show up in a place with a bunch of murders and you'll see police officers stand outside laughing because it's a thing that happens to people when stuff's painful. Yeah. It's so serious. Yeah. He says they do it. It's so Well that's what comedians do. It's too, too heavy duty, Dude. Well, the reason we brought you here is because you have a comedy special coming out, man. Oh, not True. That's right. First of all, thank you for coming, dude. No, of course. I, I love you look great, dude. I love seeing you. Thank you, dude. You've been drinking tomato juice or something. Remember when V eight was the only healthy Thing? Yeah. I don't think there's one tomato in V eight. I don know what's in it. They were like, this is the fucking shit. Yeah. When you were growing up. Oh dude. Yeah. And rich guys would pour it in their engine or whatever as well.


Yeah. And some people would pour in their butt. Yeah. Yes. I'm like, really rich guys would pour it in their butt. I had V eight. It was to, it was never, I never liked it. It was tomato juice and I think vegetable juice. But it, like who drank it? I think like a mom would drink it if they were healthy or they were trying to make a baby or whatever. It didn't get around my squad, but I know that I heard about it and I was grossed out by it. You know what's funny is I was just in Las Vegas. Oh, you know, we went to a fight. I was gonna tell you this. We went to a UFC fight, right. Theo and I went to a fight, you know, about a year or so ago. And you know what, I called you to go to this fight. I thought it was in Vegas and it was in Florida.


Oh. And I, and then you had a gig that night. Anyway, but I was, I've Been a great card. You me and also your Jody. Jody, yeah. And also the comedian, famous comedian. Oh, Dennis And Dennis Miller. Yeah. Yeah. We one time. That was Hilarious. So, so do you remember this story? Did I already tell you this? You, you know it, obviously. So this time I just did a corporate yesterday at Vegas. So I'm staying at the area Aria short for, named after Ariana Grande. I don't, I don know. And so I'm over there and it's connected to the hotel we were at. Yeah. And the day we went to the show, the, you like to go early to the fights? Yeah. As we know, because you go help set up the chairs and armor all the ropes and you go in, because the fight started at like fucking one.


I'm like, we just landed. And you're like, you wanna go there? You wanna go to the hotel first? I'm like, well, I think it's at seven. And you're like, and you're being so nice going, oh, you want to go? You wanna wait till seven? And I'm like, yeah, because that's the, the good ones start. They're on TV and it's still three hours. And for spade to sit for three hours, it's fucking rough with these brittle fucking bones. So you're like, cool, cool. We'll go at seven. I and I didn't know that you wanted to go really bad earlier. So we're eating and I'm like, this, this spaghetti's good. You're like, let's fucking go. So I have a car taking us. It's a, it's like a black suburban, right? Yeah. Nice. So AC in it, we go out front, he's not there. And it's so weird 'cause they always get there early and you're like, well, we gotta go.


It's quarter to seven and we gotta be there at seven and we're next to the arena. And I'm like, fuck, where's this guy? And then he hits me up and goes, Hey dude, you go, let's get an Uber. And I go, well give him a second. And then I go, he goes, oh, I, I spaced. I'm sending another car. It'll be there in a second. I go, we're in a hurry. He goes, it's, it's very close. So this, and I see you're Jenkin first. I've seen you kind of get mad. Yeah, because I was getting mad too. 'cause I'm like, fuck, what, what is, where's this guy? And plus we're stressed. So the Suburban pulls up, we jump in and the guy goes, okay, what are we going to? And he goes, you deal. And you're like, yeah. And I'm like, Hmm. And then I go, this is my driver. And then I look down and we start, it Was international fight week.


Yeah. It was, this is good. This is how he sounds. This actually sounds like him. It's not nothing bad. Fair. So then the driver texts me and goes, Hey, did you just pull out? I just saw you. And I go, wait, is this not the car? And I go, Theo, what is this? And he go, I called an Uber, dude, it's taking too long. I go, okay. So we go and now I go. And the funny part was, I go, Hey dude, alright, if, if you're going to this T-Mobile, we gotta go in the loading dock. That's where we have to get our tickets and enter. And he goes, oh no, that's only for VIP special. Yeah. And I go, right, just Go there. And he goes, you want VIP special? And we're like, Yeah. And then he go, no. And he goes, oh, you have to be special. And I go, oh, we we're, we special. And he goes, no, no, that's for special people.


And I'm like, I get it. And Theo goes, no, he's special. He does movies and stuff. And he looks back and he goes, no, he knows special. Why do you know I'm no special? You fuck. So he wouldn't take us. So then you, you just go, let's just get out. Yeah. So we just got out in the street and we saw a door. And then they go, oh, you Wrong Door? Yeah, you gotta go to lighting just For animals and like lighting for All of Noah's ark's animals. And so they go, so we're trying to get ahold of everyone. And they go, you're, you're not at the special door. We go, I know this fucking guy wouldn't believe it. So we had to find a way to get either all the way to the other side or cut through.


They finally sent someone to get us. Yeah. But it was quite humiliating that the guy didn't believe for a second we were special. Not at all. I even showed him a video of yours from one of your movies. And he laughed. That's funny. And he's like, oh. It kind of look like him, but not him.


UF C3 15 will be on the tv. The snacks and the beverages will be ready to go. The best way to make that one two combo even better is by trying to win some real cash with pick six from DraftKings, the official daily fantasy sports partner of UFC with DraftKings Pick six. Playing for cash is as easy as stepping into an Octagon. Pick Six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Some of my picks for UF C3 15, I'm gonna go with Mike Malott and they're putting 31.5 significant strikes. I'm gonna go more than that. That's something that I'm riding on as well. They got Bilal Bully B Muhammad out there against Jack Della made Elena, you can make your picks there with Draft Kings. Pick six. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your UFC Knowledge Play $5, get $50 in bonus picks instantly on your first entry. Pick six from DraftKings is the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Download the DraftKings Pick Six app NOW and use code THEO. That's code THEO for new customers to play $5, get $50 in bonus picks Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See Terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Yeah. Recently I was paying for something Butcher Bargain or I don't know what it was. Something this a monthly meat deal where they they sending you meat and I didn't know. I I didn't know I was still paying for it and it was at my old address. So somebody over there is just eating my bacon. Somebody over there is just slurping up on my sirloin cuts that I was paying for. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. That's amazing. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the apps premium features. Wow. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter our show name This Past Weekend with Theo Von in the survey so they know I sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from our show.


I wanna let you know there's a growing expense eating into your company's profits. It's your cloud computing bill. You may have gotten a deal to start, but now the spend is sky high and increasing every year. What if you could cut your cloud bill in half and improve performance at the same time? Well, if you act by May 31st, Oracle Cloud infrastructure can help you do just that. OCI is the next generation cloud designed for every workload where you can run any application, including any AI projects, faster and more securely for less. In fact, Oracle has a special promotion where you can cut your cloud bill in half when you switch to OCI. The savings are real. On average, OCI costs 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage, and 80% less for networking. Join Modal Skydance animation and today's innovative AI tech companies who upgraded to OCI Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and saved offer only for US customers with a minimum financial commitment. See if you qualify for half off at Oracle dot com slash t, that's Oracle dot com slash theo.


You know what's funny is I I wish we could show that little clip that you have of the movie. We Could if we want. I I don't think we can because can we air it because of the, of the, of the music or not? I don't know. Oh, It's a good point, Huh. You know, I don't know. Ask those fucking clowns in there. Did they take off? We could show it on silent if we want do No, It's, it's good with the song. Anyway, that's all. 'cause you show that clip in your show, right? Yeah. We showed it during the halftime or like towards the like end of the show. Yeah. My friend was in Tallahassee. They hit me up. They go, oh my God, this fucking clip just played. It's great. Yeah. Did they Really? They were excited. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. They're at your show. Oh, that's cool. It's been well received by people. Yeah. You know, just people getting to see the, getting to, it's a Good little window into it.


See the trailer for bus boys. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think, what do you think is the toughest part now having like, kind of put a movie together from the beginning? What do you think is kind of one of the toughest parts? Fuck. I mean it's, it's all, it's tough all the way along the way because we're just doing it alone. Usually we work for a boss, paramount, Sony, Netflix, you know, they tell us what to do and we kind of just, we're, we're on our own, but we also know there's someone else calling some shots, the bigger shots, budgetary things, this and that casting we have to agree on. So I rarely, I had never gone into it like this where it's just me and you and that's good. There's some, some tough part about it, but it's overall the best because we put it up, we're going in, it's such a complicated process, so it's almost too much because usually there's someone to cover this and you can kind of oversee it.


But to get into everything about pre-production and budget and casting and locations and all the union stuff, we gotta know. That's where it gets hard. And now we've gotten through the hard part. We got it. We shot it through the fires, through all the stuff. Very tough. That's a good point. Very tough to get through a movie. And then There was so many things that were tough. I always say after movie, I'm not doing this again. It's too hard. And everyone thinks I'm, you know, huge pussy. But it's more, it's mentally tough. It's hard. You gotta memorize stuff. You're driving all day, you're getting out there dark and it's such a luxury to do a movie that you can't complain to anyone. I can complain to you. But we, we are in it together. So we get it. But, and you can tell other people in movies, but regular people go, you know, they, they actually bust their ass.


Right. So we're, we're like pretending to be people that work hard. That's our, that's us in a movie. So that's hilarious. We're busboy. So anyway. Yeah. They give you just long enough to polish the gun that you have in your trailer and then before you can use it on yourself. Yeah. We're like, hey, we need you back on set. Yeah. It's always like, where are they? I'm walking with number two or here's number one, I, I go for a walk. They just follow me. Yeah. You know, they walk outta your set, you know, you walk around the trailer and you're like, and you're always micd and you're always, it's all, you know and it's fucking freezing. I thought it'd be too hot. It's freezing. So anyway, we finish it and now it's rough cutted. And now the hard part is just getting it to a point where we think it's good and you're not wasting jokes.


Yeah. Like a lot of things we did had, like Theo is very good on the set of we're actually good together because I think you're great. And if we have a scene and we do it, then we just start goofing around a couple before we leave. Get a few extra jokes. And so which one of those do we use? It's very hard to go, this is funny for one reason, this is funny for another and the rest of your life people will remember one joke and they'll never see the other three Mm. And you go, fuck did we pick the right one for that? That for someone who's indecisive like me and you are kind of too, that it's hard to do. And then yeah, you just gotta pick one, lock it down and then we'll probably, I think our next step will show it to like 20, 30 people. Because you really get a feel for where there's a dead spot where there's something that works.


Yeah. You gotta have honest friends look at it. Yeah. And I have friends and and friends are always gonna start by saying they like it and then, but I haven't had fucking one person look at it yet. Same. I'm too scared. I the director of all these movies, Pete Siegel, who's a great guy, he came by the set one day and he did anger management and the longest yard and 51st dates and, and Tommy Boy and all these moves. So he, I said, I might have you take a look at it because I just want you as an observer objectively where are we with this? And that's the only guy. But I do want, at some point when you get your fixes in and we get, we get something we kinda like and then we show it.


Yeah. And then that'll tell us a lot. We'll be like, oh my God, this is way funer than we thought. They're laughing at this stuff. Instead of that laugh. I didn't see that coming like a cutaway. And then they go, oh, this feels flat. And some people might be confused at the end. We go, what, where did, did you understand what this is? People are like, were you guys playing fucking busboy? I'm like, oh boy, we're way off. Okay. And you didn't get that part because you know, people don't know they, they just watch it. Oh yeah. I mean that's the scariest part. I feel like it's trying to just like see before you show it to somebody is like, do is what I think makes sense here. Makes sense to other people. Right. 'cause we know it. We're too close to it. Yeah. You have No, I think it gets weird Even jokes where people go, I see one clip and they go, oh that's great.


I go, oh it is because I've seen it 10 times. I don't know what's funny anymore. Yeah. You know? So it does take objectively, but it's so fucking stressful. What do you feel like was one of the funnest days that we had? That's a good question. It's funny 'cause every day has an underlying stress level of knowing your lines, getting things done, losing the light. We gotta get this, is it Right? Do we know what we're doing? Is it set up blocking all that shit. But I have, I'm good at giving long answers that are boring. I thought it was fun when we were in the layer with the drugs.


Yeah. That was kind of fun. 'cause there's a lot of people, when there's a lot of people it's fun. Yeah. When there's a lot of people, it's fun. We kept having to go up and down that ladder like Ninja Turtle, remember that? Oh, that was in a, like a condemned building that I, I go, I guarantee you they should shut this down. Yeah. They had asbe. There was like asbestos, like art on the walls and everything. We had To write asbestos into the script because there was so much, it was like costarring. Yeah. And yeah, there was, we were underneath like a Sears building in downtown. And Remember the alarm went off or the Oh yeah. The old heater went off in there and it just like, It's, I think it was an old nuclear reactor or something. Or, or it was a amber alert. It made McMuffins. I know that. Yeah. We Would all go.


I go, it's lunch. Yeah. Yeah. They cleared us all out from the se we shouldn't even tell 'em this. But anyway, I like that. We were on the desert a lot. It was kind of fun being out. And then we were in there doing busboy shit with Tim Dillon, I thought was funny. Oh Yeah, he's fun. Yeah. Yeah. That was great. Yeah, just getting to see him. He has a new special that just came out too. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, he's great. You just have a, you have a comedy special? Oh yeah. My, I'm sorry. Coming up Amazon special. Do you guys hear him? Okay? Sorry. Yeah, it's Great. Okay. You have, you have, you have David. David, could you put the mic behind you now? Come on. Would that help you Have a comedy special coming out? I do. I did a, a comedy special for Amazon and we did it in Denver.


And it's interesting, you know, putting together a comedy special. You're on the road and some, sometimes you, you want new stuff in there that's a little undercooked because it's new and different and you just started doing it. And then sometimes you want to, and then you want the mo and then most of the stuff is polished and buffed. So you got, I I did it probably an hour 20 and cut it down to just under an hour. Dang. Big gun. Is this A clip Or is that a photo? Little overshot. Play that clip. A little a, I wanna see it. Is there a clip? Let's see if there's anything Clippable here. Oh, this is fucking funny. I feel it already. I was eight years old. I almost got kidnapped. I'll make it funny. It came out weird.


Blonde hair looked like Exactly. McCaulay Hawkin. And I was kind of tan. I was like shorts. I mean it was almost entrapment. I'm a bit of a Dandelion. I dunno if you can tell I look tough on tv, but these quads are deceiving. Dan. Yeah. You have some guy yells. Yeah. Look at that. Dandelion Shine. Dandelion is 'cause I'm such a fucking puss and I couldn't think of a good name. That's Oh no, you're great dude. It looks great. You look very healthy in that. You, it reminds me of David Dni. Yeah. A little bit. And the guy from that guy from that guy.


His partner on the TV show. You talking about Shrek? No, Go Ahead. Who am I tell it's like the guy's got all the kids. Tim. Tim, the tool man. Taylor. That's Tim. You were looking for Al Borland. Al Borland man. That's who I look like in with That fucking shirt on. You look like Galbo, like the dude that gets the gals on. Shit. That's hysterical. I, that was not exactly what I was going for. Yeah. And thank you for that. In insulting insult. Yeah, but no, he seems like a good dude. I just don't, I actually looks better than me. Fuck. What am I saying? What the Fuck, dude? Yes. Screw him. Showing up Better than, is that Playgirl magazine? Look at him.


He's naked from the waist down with his dong out. Yeah. Huh. Shit, You don't get to see that anymore. You know, like, would they tell you what to wear? I mean, they don't tell you, but you, they go, what are you gonna wear? And of course I'm not like a full girl going to the Oscars, so I go, I don't know. So it gets closer and they're like, show it so we can hold it up with the back. I go, I don't give a shit, dude. So I get there and I'm, I have two outfits. I have this outfits. It's already bad enough. Yeah. I just said outfits. So I walk into the rack like Elton John, like A Nordstrom Rack? No, just a rack of clothes. Oh yeah. From Norstrom Rack. Yeah. So I go in there and I go, what about this? And then I go out there that day and they're like, do you still not know? And I go, I don't know. And then I wear the shirt and then I go, I amm gonna put, so I just wore a shirt and a coat that I wasn't supposed to wear.


Hmm. Because, you know, and they go, you need a copy of that in case I go, you think I'm gonna ruin this between shows? And they're like, yeah. So I fell for that last time. And then Nikki Glaser goes, oh, I have some dress from like 1930. And I go, well don't you have to have a double? She goes, fuck that. I'm not gonna, and I go, yeah, what am I doing? Why am I taking fucking orders? Wasting money on extra clothes Too. Yeah. And, and all, all of mine are like one of a kind. Oh it's, you can tell that's authentic. One of a kind flannel shirt That you can have in any Google search in two seconds. But it was fun to do. I'm glad it's out. It's fun. You know, some of the jokes I still do because they're longer now.


That's the funny thing is you do a joke and then it's, it's a minute of your act and then now it's a five minute chunk. Yeah. I'm like, oh. But I did the beginning, but now it's so much longer. But I don't really care. I like a couple things I've done before. 'cause they really work and then I put in new stuff and then it's just always in rotation of I'll pull something from the old bag and then I'll have all this new shit. So whatever. Yeah. That's kind of how I feel about, about It too. Is that what You do? What do you do? Yeah. It's like, there's some bits I do because I know people want to hear 'em. Yeah. And there's some people's favorites and it's like, well I wanna make sure I get that in for a couple minutes. Hundred percent know if it's a big show. I, because you know, it's never like you do some bit that works and it doesn't work.


Yeah. Like if it bombed and people are like, boo. Like you did that before. It's not like that. They still work. Yeah. You just, yeah. They wanna see the new stuff too. And sometimes when I go to people, if I saw you, I'd be like, I remember the first time I saw you and stuff you were doing. I'd be, I'd be like, oh, I hope he does this and this and this. 'cause those are like my fun ones. I want to tell someone and have them watch 'em. Yeah. And then sometimes I do that with comics and they don't do it. And I go, I go Because sometimes, you know, by the fifth special these people do. It's just too watered down. It's too hard to be that good in one year. It's too hard. You don't buff 'em out. You need to really work On it. Yeah. Dude, that's, I don't think you have to, I mean it's like I've known a special, I'm thinking four years now, this before.


Yeah. You don't need it if we do it this year to be four years. But also I've been on the same tour for years. But it's like, there's so many places you can go. It's like, I don't mind going to a town that has 30,000 people in it. You know, it's like you, you can not do it. And probably have a family and stuff like that. And have pets you own. Yeah. Or semi own. God owns 'em. Long as they have a 30,000 seat theater, then you can, But it's, yeah. But it long as like, but if we can go over there, I think I'd rather do it. Yeah. You're printing money. Oh, David. That is natural. That's if I had your money, I'd throw mine away. Oh Dude. Get outta here. It's Fucking, you just bought a new car, didn't you? That's You bought a car lot. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I got a car. Fuck yeah. You see me buzzing around.


Didn't you just buy the original Joe Durt car or No? I did not. It was 330 grand. I didn't know it'd be that much. Was it really? Yeah, it went an auction. Did you even look at, were you there on the auction? Did you consider No, but the guy DM me and he said, Hey, do you want to buy the old charger? I go, is it the fucking real one? 'cause I do like cars and I, I don't have enough room for 'em, but I, I have, I'm into it. I'm like, I'm not gonna drive anything around. I'd like to have it just to have it. The director of Tommy Boy has a, has a Tommy Boy car. And I'm like, those are fun to have. So I said, how much? And he goes, I'm deciding between three and 500 grand. I go, I'm sorry, what the fucking shitty one at the beginning of Yoder. It didn't even have a Hemi in it.


It was a fake pretend it was like an old, you know, Vega. And we just put like, yeah, this thing Yoder, it's 69 Charger Daytona, all You. It's fucking cool though. Is he selling it for four 50? The 1969 Daytona presented here, starred in the $60 million grossing hit comedy, the Adventures of Joe Dirt. Fuck yeah. What does that say up there? Four 50? Can you read? Yeah. One of the funniest scenes depicted the impound lot, financially unstable to retrieve his Mint 67 Plymouth Hemi, GTX convertible. He's buying the charger of Daytona instead. You bought it for four $50 in the movie, apparently. Oh, four $50 In the movie. Yeah. No, I didn't see the movie. Do we know the closing price on that?


Yeah. He hit me up for three to 500 grand. I go, Can you live in it? I was like, yeah. Is this an rv? How many Square feet is it? Is it in a good neighborhood? No, I just said, I said, I think I said something to the effect of Get fucked. Yeah, no. I was like, Hey man, I, I didn't know it'd be like that. I don't know why. Because you know, in the real world you Got it's expensive baby dig, you gotta Make a million to clear three 50. So I'm like, I don't know if I'm making a million this week. So I just said no. Even though I, I said I'd really like it. I just a little too rich for my blood Right now because I thought, what am I doing? I just gotta park it. I can't really drive. It's fun to have. I'd rather honestly have it in my fucking living room. What a cool thing to have.


Just walk in, Hey, this is the car from the movie. And so I didn't think you'd get close to that. It sold for three 30. God. Yeah. To who? Probably an Asian Guy. No, the guy had a Yoder tattoo on his chest. Oh. And he was a full fucking fan. So he hit me up, the guy that bought it. And so now I've talked to him and What do you guys talk about? I like these guys. We just talk about pop music. You're Like, Hey, go sit in and just turn it on for me. I Wanna hear it. No, I just go, I miss her man. I miss her. Just put her on the phone. He's like, mail me some semen. And you're like, oh, I don't miss her that much. No, I do that. I'll do that, I'll do that once. Do you think, would you guys ever have done a Tommy Boy two? Do you think you and Farley ever would've done it?


I mean, black Sheep was sort of the next summer and it was sort of the same type of movie we had. We should have just kept it Pete Siegel and just done it again. He couldn't, he, he wasn't available. It just would've kept track of like, kind of how it was. But I did like Black Sheep. We had another movie that we were talking about at the very end and would've been great. Yeah. I mean, would I have liked to have like a run and gun buddy to go run? He would've been all over the place. He would've been working with everybody. I mean, even at that point toward the end. 'cause you know, he's almost more famous now because everyone looks back and, but when you're in it and he's just getting famous.


But still all the big hosts that would come in would like go right to him. So he could've worked with anybody. Big directors, you get more drama. He would've done a lot of stuff with Adam. I mean, he loved Adam and always thought he was great. So Sandler you mean? Yeah. Yeah. He was very tight with Adam and I, I was just lucky to be in a couple with him, but he would've been out there doing everything. I remember when he was in Cone Heads, we all were in Cone. Even Adam was in Cone Heads and Lauren, it was sort of a, an assignment. You know, we all, he was just like, you're gonna play this. And, and he just had plucked everyone. It was probably 15 people messing l on it and somehow still didn't work that well.


But I loved being in it. And he was in it and he had a pretty big part and he was funny. Look at him there. He was with, Oh, he looks so Anthem. Did you get to keep the cone from that? No, but you know what, it's it that will barely fit up your butt. Hmm. If you, oh, she's really pretty. By the way, that was Michelle Burke. Is it? This is after they took a photo Farley and they take it so strong that he, it blows his hair back or something. Yeah, That's it. Yeah. That's funny as shit. But Akron. Yeah. So that was a blast. So I would say the answer is would've loved to keep doing stuff and just have him around to hang out with. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously to have him be alive. But do you think that you would've been able to do a Tommy Boy?


Yes. In these, all these scenarios? He's alive. Yeah. Okay. You're like, it'd be great. No. If he's alive. You have to add that caveat. What do, if you had to do Tommy Boy two, what, what would the plot even have gone into? You think? Tommy Boy Two Electric Boogaloo. You know, they're, I was pitched a Tommy Boy two, which was our kids are together and our kids are, but this is, I was pitched it two years ago and I'm like, I just can't find a scenario with no Farley. It's not, they used the whole movie, even if it has a good title, Tommy Boy in the title. But it would be too much of a sellout. I can't imagine. I mean, no one could do that. Were They gonna do it with CR used one of his brothers to do it, you Think?


No, it was just like, it was his, it was our kids and it was about them. And then I was gonna come help them on the road or something. But I go, if listen, there's the magic in the bottle was was Chris. And so I had a good part. I had a lot of fun in it, but it was about Christopher and so, you know. Yeah. If we did another one back then it would've been a blast. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder what it could have been about too. Wow. It's Interesting. I know. I don't know. I don, I never even thought that Far Pad, maybe New Break pads are so funny. There's endless jokes about, I mean that movie, that's what I always say is that if we pitched the Tommy Boy movie, just like two guys selling brake pads, it's just not enough to sell a movie.


People Wouldn't listen now. No. It's just not funny. Unless maybe Menstrual pads you could have gone to, That's not a bad idea. Yeah. That we go sell them. Stop The flow. Yeah. It's like things are getting outta hand. Maybe Women's lib was getting crazy. Yeah. And then he dresses like one in a parking lot. Yeah. He is like, okay, I'm on the crazy. And some big woman comes, he goes, let me try it out. And then yeah, He's like, I've been having my period for 11 months straight. These are, these are trailer moments. That actually would've been hilarious Too. We're like, these are cut scenes from our possible movie. Yeah. Did you ever do a Farley impersonation or no? Who were You? He did this a lot. You know, just funny.


You get nervous, David. And then he goes like this, pulls on his hair when he is nervous. Like in the meeting with the host, he'd pull on the carpet and everyone's just like, even like the host is like some Michael Keaton going, is this fucking dude? Okay. Because they didn't really know him yet. Yeah. And he was so nervous about shit and always funny. But he would always try to make you laugh. Always try to do anything, fall down at work, do anything. Oh, fall on the piano. Just anything to get everyone to laugh. 'cause also he was taking care of, he wasn't writing sketches, so he just was trial LA on the office, there's no stress. 'cause he's gonna be in 18 things. They're just, everyone's gonna write 'em in.


Oh, that's a good point, huh. And if you write 'em in, like, that's the big trick at SNL is you gotta get someone to write for you. And I would get mad. I go, You don't write for me. And after they're like, what do you do? And I'm like, you're right. You just think I'm great. And then they go, wow. And I, there's no proof. And I'm like, yeah. So you have to kind of do a joke around the office or it's sort of thirsty, but do an impression or something. And someone goes, you should do something with that. You know? And then, or they go, oh, you can do that. Oh, we might put you in this because we need someone like that. But mostly I was like, smart ecky stupid shit. Because that's the only thing they saw, you know? And I wrote that Hollywood Minute where it was, I was making fun of everybody. And that kind of was a good hook for me.


But it wasn't enough to be like super characters. That really wasn't my thing. I went with his brother to SNL. Remember that? Oh, That's right. You hit me up. I, I think you connected us. Maybe I was like John. Yeah, John. John, yeah. Johnny Farley. And I was like, What? And he hadn't been back, dude. Since he hadn't been back since Chris was there. Did he hit you up to go there? Or did I tell you guys to go? Or were you just in New York? He took advantage of us, I think, but whatever. Oh no. I think you said to me, Hey, he's gonna be there. Oh yeah, I did. And I said, So tell him hello. But he hit you up to get him in there. Can you make It Call Damian? Yeah. Don't tell Jen. Yeah.


He was in the wrong Missy. We put him in that. He was in bench warmers. He is funny in that. Was it fun there for you? You'd never been there, right? I've never been. Yeah. What was it like? It was interesting to see what you, the place you guys had all been at and what kind of like Yeah, there's photos everywhere. Yeah, Just what it was like. Like I think I pictured it more of like an old school type of dormitory vibe, but, But our offices were up higher In, oh, there, maybe it was up there. We'd be there all week and then we'd just come down to the show. But you might have to host it one day. It Was pretty interesting there. Yeah. Would you be able to handle it? I don't know. Depends on who the musical guest is, I guess. Is That the whole thing? Yeah. What if it's fucking jelly?


Pop your buddy or whatever. Remember he, He, oh yeah. Jelly Roll. Yeah. He came over to us at Coy one time and said hi. Oh yeah. Do you remember that? Yeah. I'm trying to think of what I Said. Hey, the bouncer's coming over. He wants to talk to you. Yeah. He walks over. Goes Where? Where are you at? Yeah. Oh yeah. I was like, what motorcycle did this guy? This guy? Oh, did we park in front of you? What? He was nice. Dude. He knew you from Yeah, him and Bunny came over. I remember that. That was cool. Dude. That was awesome. That was like, I think he was, he come out here to do Jimmy Kimmel or something. It was like one of his first times being out here. Right, right, Right. And then we saw Luke Bryan at dinner. We see all your little Oh yeah. Goat roper buddies. Yeah. Dude, that was fun. Yeah, he came over.


That's when we used to have a good time, man. Yeah. What happened? Now we're just grinding on the movie every day going, ugh. I know. Now we're just like, how do we fucking Trala? Yeah. Dude, that was fun. Huh? I remember that. I was excited. Luke fricking Brian. Remember that? We took a picture with him, man. He sat Down with us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was fun. We're like, dude, Yeah. What? What comes in with you? Yeah. He had two bites of somebody's potatoes act. No, we have fun. We go to UFC and everyone knows, I remember before you even blew up, so many people knew you at UFC. I was like, holy shit man. These people know this clown. I don't know about that. There we are. Right there. Look at my hair is quite puffy that day. God, look how good you look like. Definitely like one of those rich people's dogs.


I do. For sure. For sure. Now I see why your mom as you come home a lot. Yeah. She's like, I need this little cute puff right here in my lap. Dude, look at my fucking sweater pops. Don't even try to argue that. Oh, that's a solid choice. And there's Luke looks like you just Fucking Luke. He's ah, that does look like me. Youm a bit of a lap dog. Yeah. You look like you spent time at NYUA little bit. I'll fucking Nna Sno Her, her, her Shit. Look at you in dirt. Oh, you're dumb. Just like, how did I even get here? What are we eating? Fucking oysters or something. Oh my God. Geez. What? A bunch of idiots. Somebody ordered that little one.


They put those little, when that the shrimp, they put 'em upstairs, like they're about to commit suicide or whatever. That little, it's like a little shrimp rack or whatever. Yeah. Like the second story shrimp, they hide 'em all on the edge of like, they're trying to hide from. It's like, bitch, we see you. They're all naked though. Look At those fucking shrimps. They charge you by the shrimps. You know it, It's unreal. And someplace it's six Pounds. That is the, that is the most expensive place because I won't say the name, but the steak sauce was seven bucks each. You get a little thing like this of a one and it's like DDD 7, 7, 7. And then the bread was 15. God, I had filet, I had filet of soul. Right. I go, oh, You had filet of what? And dude, don't you watch fishing shots?


You have filet of Soul. Soul. Oh, how rich, Can we pull it up? See if it's real. You're Eating human spirit in there. Filet of Yeah. That's rich People. Oh, shocking. It checks out as a fish. Yeah, that's what it looks like. Anyway, it's kind of like carp now. I don't know what it's like. Yeah, it is. So I get this and they go, do you want the catch the day? And I know it's a rich place. I go, don't try to rat. Fuck me dudes. Yeah. I'm just take this dog shit off the menu. It says market price. But I go, fine. I get it. It is like leather. It's kind of gross, you know, but fine. 150 bucks. I go, I have never heard about fish being one 50, $150.


Yeah. And they, you get the head on the tail or they just give you the milk. You should. That's gross. It should come to my house. Fucking clean my car. Yeah, dude, that's crazy. 150 bucks for one piece of fish. Unreal. Yeah. That would never fly in the Bible dude. No, no. What you do is they have the fish with their mouth, I guess. Yeah. And something you go like this, oh, you're gonna go to work for that one 50. And the fish is like, fish is like, I got teeth. No you do not. Nice. Try Raw. Yeah. Somebody's getting a little bit oft sauce on the inside. Yeah. And go That, that go, huh? Ah, It's not in the Bible either.


God. Economic impact.com. You know, we read for different financial advertisements on this podcast and I, I want to iterate one that I think has become my favorite. It's called Acorns. I love it. It's just a simple tool for helping you learn to save and, and it starts to give you different ways to look at money and feel about money. Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that helps you take control of your money with simple tools that make it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. I have Acorns set up for my niece and nephews and I find it charming and engaging the way that they're able to start to see how savings works. If you're ready to take control of your money, sign up now and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with Acorns. Head to acorns.com/theo THEO or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation. Provide incentive deposit Acorns tier one compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC registered investment Advisor. You can view important disclosures at acorns do com slash TE.


Today's episode is brought to you by you Can have Better Sex with BlueChew. BlueChew is the original brand offering chewable tablets for better sex. That's it. That's how it is. And starting now, BLUECHEW is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off and your neighbor's socks off. Oh, everybody's barefoot. BLUECHEW Max has arrived and it combines the active ingredients of Viagra and Alis into one chewable. This combo acts fast and lasts. Guys, be ready when she needs it. And get your first month of BLUECHEW free. Make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options at BlueChew dot com. And we've got a special deal For our listeners, try your first month of BlueChew free. When you use promo code, Theo, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code THEO. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BlueChew for sponsoring the podcast.


This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp Mental Health is, it's our new Vietnam guys. Really, it's right in front of us every day. It's just making sure you're okay. We're locked in, we're in a unique time. Where we're, I dunno if we're transitioning from humans to computers, I don't know what's going on, but you gotta take care of the main frame that God gave you. Your brain. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent study say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. Man, look, if I meet you, if I, if I, if I know you, you better be getting mental health support. You better be stay on top of your brain. BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. We are all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TH to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/theo. When you Yes. Whenever you pass away, How do you remember to ask questions?


I always watch this thing and I'm like, I can't remember shit to talk to People about. Dude, first of all, I'm a BLM advocate. Yes. So I get a lot of my Stuff. This show. Oh, there's you on us now. Who Is that? They're like, ladies, gentlemen, BLM. And they're like, oh, is that the musical group? Is that you all happy? Wouldn't you that happy? Never Fucking shit. Is that ai, Is that Tom Brady's Teeth? Oh my God. How did I do? I'll run out advertising space on those fucking chompers. Are those your teeth? Hell, that's no ai a That's GAI. Dude, that's horrible bro. That's GAY. Yeah, They got, that's un The forearms are nice though though. Your for I was about to say, your forearms look good and they shaved you a little bit.


God, your whole body's shaved. Well it, it's, it's gonna be as soon as I get Shape. No, you look good there. Well why can't you look more like ai? Well, well Do you think whenever you die, where do you want your body? Where do you want your ashes spread? Do you think? Oh, I was just talking about this. No I wasn't. What are you gonna do with 'em? No, what do I do? Because you're kind Of a trickster. No, I'm not gonna do any tricks really. I don't want any weird stuff. Yeah, I mean maybe lemme Get a couple grams of it. You want a little bit? Oh, if anybody needs money, I would let 'em sell 'em, you know, for Whatever. Oh, that's cool. You could sell 'em here. Party your Merch if you want. I could have Harper, she could take 'em, but I don't know.


It's two more, but I can't even think about the stuff. I get scared. I want my are what if they had like spades shades and we put them into some beautiful, beautiful sunglasses. Okay. You know, I'm pretty agreeable to everything. Yeah. Or How like spades Shades. Yeah. Okay. Or, and they're interior shades too, actually. Oh my God. Okay. Well now we're getting somewhere. Yeah. And what was there a story about something Ashes Iman shot into a fucking schoolyard full of children that Play. No, you should put it in a t-shirt gun. Yeah. And take it to some bayou horse shit. You know, rodeo, Louisiana Rodeo. Yeah. Snake Rodeo and Yeah. Snake Rodeo. Is that like an orgy you call an orgy?


No. Wasn't there a story about some dog that ate someone's ashes or Something? It was there anything? There was something in the news that just happened about it. Some eating ashes. We got that. Did You hear that bullshit? Look at this shit. Wait. Oh my God. It's a Rolex. Anyway, is that Real? No. The joke is like, I act like it's late. I go, oh shit. It's a Rolex. And I go like this. What time is it? Oh, wealth. Yeah. No, this is a real one, but it's the only one good thing I have. I did get robbed at my house so you shouldn't be flashing around me. Toddler ate me ass. You came, mom walked into an unthinkable situation when she found her one-year-old consuming her father's cremated remains Jesus.


And she even has video of the mortifying situation. They aren't they They're not good. They cannot taste good. I don't know. I guess if you mix 'em with something, volume. Oh my God. When your son eats, she died. Of course she films her As she is. My son has eaten my dad's lashes. He didn't have a lot. That's The whole fucking story, Dude. He only had a little bit, He only had like the forearm and Yeah. Dude, That's So nothing. That's so grody. That Lady's complaining. Also, the kid is a ginger too. Mm. Trouble. Yeah. So some of that you gotta see coming. Some of that's on you Also.


The lady immediately sold it to TMZ. That's a great point, huh? Yeah, she probably served him up. Everything's for sale nowadays it seems like. What other news stories you got guys? Anything popping at All? Yeah, I give some shit before Spade fucking has to Boogie Spade Looks pretty, pretty cool today. Spade looks healthy today. Yeah. He'll get one of these hairs off Of you. Is there a hair? Yeah, it's okay. Here you with me. Save It. No, you know what I do is if you weren't here, I fucking light it on fire in front of the other ones. Yeah. I say this is what happens when you try to fucking make a break for you. Jumps shit on me motherfucker. And then it burns and it floats down. They all go, what the fuck? And I go, yeah, yeah. Might wanna stick around. Yeah. You might wanna see the final act.


Yeah, because they've, It's hard to keep Hair. No, no. It's ridiculous. And it's fucked up. And our Bodies could only hold so much hair. Tiffany, you have raging boner. What? I'm sorry. The Guy of Brian Johnson who's trying to live forever. He says that women also get their version of Morning Wood. Okay, Listen, Who's Rob Brian Johnson. Let's take a look at him first. Brian, Is he the guy that tries to live forever? He's trying to be really old. Is that him? I'm not trying, I'm, I'm not sure. He also ings for AC DC. That's Brian Johnson too. Really? That's a different flying In bed. Just like Brian Johnson dead. There he is. Oh, there he is. Huh? Oh, first of all, I thought this was Matt Rife.


Is that His new special? That's His new cologne Called Fucking Big Blood. What is this guy injecting in his wiener this week? I don. I know. That's the only thing. This guy takes a lot of pills straight up the wee wee. Listen, I'm all for doing minimum 2 million worth of surgery on my face. Yeah. But just to do a light dusting and cleanup. This guy's like every day it's too much. And girls find that out. They don't want a dude that's spending their whole life to look six years younger. It's crazy. Yeah. You don't want somebody who's in there sandblasting their fucking clavicles in the morning. You can't even get any extra sleep. Fucking sanding their nuts. There's no wrinkles in 'em. Just fucking me.


You got him on the, you got your wiener out in the belt sander. Yeah. This guy's No rinks. Yes. See a wrinkle freeze. I mean, I get it. He wants to look. We all do. I'm falling apart. Someone put on my comment the other day, you got old fast, dude. Oh, thanks you fuck. Oh thanks. Fly to your house and beat you with a fucking rock dick. That's what I'm saying. I get really offended by the comments. I'm like this, he just comment, these people are losers. So I tell myself, the guy goes, no way. I'm a winner. And I go, fuck, he's a winner and he is doing this. Look at spade. That's a tough part. Whoa. That's me when I get all the surgery and you go spade.


Is that You JonBenet Pico gramsy. Huh? Fucking look at those pecs though, dude. Dude, what the fuck? You better spend that money, David. Yeah. Why is he got bandaids on his finger? What's wrong with this dude? And why is he got a half ounce of raspberry cume on him? Splt. Oh God. How many times you got jerk off to get that? Yeah. And can you wear the cheapest chain you got Fucking dude spending your money on the wrong shit. Wow. Is that a Neuralink necklace around his Head? Shave your chest, your fruitcake. God, that guy's been eating his own nipples off. I bet. Hey, you want some cherry fucking pie melted down. Hey nips, why would you push in on that?


God, those Bitches guys. Dude, those bitches are hard boiled Fucking window cutters Tic-tac. So Dude, that's crazy. I don't know if, how long would you wanna be alive, you think? I don't, to be honest. You mean I like it now I'm a little beat up around the edges. Had a rough, I had a rough upbringing. But you got, if you get in a sauna for two days, you'll be bouncing right back. You think so? A hundred percent A sauna. Yeah. You would not let me in your sauna. Oh, that is a good point. Huh? You didn't want to get into They had the ice bath too. I know. Okay, now here's this guy that That kept me going though.


Oh yeah. On the movie? Yeah. No, honestly, whatever it takes. I was telling you beforehand, you're tougher than me. But movies are fucking tough. They're tough mentally, they're tough physically. And it's just a fucking grind. You have no life. You get up at dark, you go in every day is a problem. Like, we don't have this, this car doesn't work. Remember the cars weren't starting and we're like, dude, The cars, we had to push the cars into every shop. Every car we had were like, did you want it to start? I go, yeah, you have to drive into the scene. Okay. They gotta, you gotta tell us this up front guys. I go, I, I have to tell you, a car should start. Well it was low budge, but it's still, I mean, we make everything look as good as we can. Listen, Napoleon Dynamite was low budget.


It's hilarious. So it's just about where you use the money. It's really just about me and you and just about being funny. So you don't need too much in the background, you Know? But it was like, we got two brothers right here that'll push it for like 80 bucks. And we're like, how? What? We're like 60. Okay. Yeah. I was like, I don't care if they're related or not. I'm like, just, but like we have two guys that aren't related that'll do it for 120. And I'm like, No, no. Bring the brothers back. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that's how it was. We're like pushing cars into scenes and then I, but I thought overall super fun. Glad, glad to do it and excited for the final product. For Sure. Yeah. Thanks for doing it, man. For sure. It was, it was definitely really interesting to get to do. I can't even, it just, yeah, you learn.


You learn so much stuff. You're like, Jesus. Well I haven't really done a comedy team movie since I think Black Sheep and that because it's like, growing up is five of us wrong? Missy? It was me and Lauren and she was great. It wasn't even really a comedy. She was like, all the jokes, I was just reacting, which is important. But it was sort of her thing. So it was fun to go back and forth and on the set when thinking of jokes and stuff. That's the fun part. Those are the fun parts of movies. Yeah. Like once we're in it and we're doing the scenes and laughing, then it's fun. You know, the rest of it's tough. Yeah. God, could we cry? Could I cry? I'm not crying about the movie. It's fun. No, dude, we're just Talking. I cry about everything. I cry. I cried about the drive. I'm like, ugh.


Yeah, we, I think you have a soft spot in your Yeah. Heart for everything. Yeah. For having to do stuff. Yeah. Like it's just definitely man, it's life. We're being alive. No dude, we're just talking about it. It's fucking life. Yeah, life. Everything isn't like, I think people don't think that everything is just complete magic or whatever, you know? Right, Right. I mean the bottom line is, it's funny, when you watch a movie, any movie you see, you go, you don't think about how long, how much shit it took. You just go funny or not. That's all. Especially you start watching a movie and you're like, this movie fucking sucks. And then they're like, and then You don't even think you're like, these fucking idiots got together every day and made the, that even Blows your fucking mind. Oh, they made they work card. This is some rewrite they loved and fucking bomb.


Yeah. When I go to movies, I used to sit through everything. 'cause I love comedy, I love movies. And then about five years ago I started to walk outta movies. That's, it's very hard. I think attention span and everything where I'm like, or I kind of know where it's going and I'm like, if there's not enough tricks here, I'm, I gotta go. Yeah. If there's not some, a good bit of fucking in them, I'm out. Yeah. You know, if if nothing else someone start fucking someone. Yeah. Or I'm fucking out at least. Yeah. Minimum. Yeah. I'm gonna, Even if it's animals, I'll watch that. Dude, listen. How am I watching that when I know I have stepbrother porn on my phone if I need it. Hey. Yeah dude. I don't need a DNA test to watch that. You know what I'm Saying? You know, in stepbrother porn.


I'll tell you. Then I gotta get outta Yeah. Tell me about one of the, your favorite things about it. I have one. Oh, is this a Thing? Oh, sperm racing. That's not, is that true? Sperm racing a new sport. That's KT ktla five. Yeah. Sperm racing. A new sport is coming to Los Angeles. You read that right? A startup recently announced the launch of the world's first live sperm race. You'll be able to watch its inaugural edition. Ooh. Does Everyone get a microscope Right here in Los Angeles? Ah, I don't know. Lemme see. The startup known simply as sperm racing raised a million dollars in support of their efforts to put on the world's first sperm race. I like that. You read it so fast. I'm not even understanding. No fertility's declining. Thus raise awareness. So what happens, just let's say I'm in fifth grade. Okay. You get a boner.


I'm trying to explain to a fifth grader, why would I? No. Well son old you. Oh, Look at the, look at the chart. That really helps me. So now you're jerking off. You just tell your dad, I'm staying competitive out here. Now you might be wondering how exactly a sperm race works. Well, the founders laid it out first. A microscopic racetrack for the two sperm samples to compete on will be constructed. The course mimics reproductive system and includes chemical signals, fluid dynamics, and synchronized starts. Is this for the next Olympics? What are we doing? Thank God, dude, I don't know because I'm tired of just jerking off. Yeah. And no, nobody wins. How About this? I'll get the fucking high jump and that's about it. Yeah. Good dish. Okay. Flop it over. Yeah. No, I don't even whack off.


Mine's more like it. It looks like a couple, couple guys just rolling out of a sleeping bag these days. I like the last, the last scene of some dude in this in the scene and he goes, yeah. And then it's like one cc like this. The guy's like, oh yeah, you missed a good batch. Oh, I'm fucking, I'm dude, I'm working with an eyedropper these days, that's for sure. And the girl's like this. Ah. And they're like, oh there it is. Got it. No sperm races. Yeah. Let's look forward to that. In 2028, Gavin Newsom Olympics First program to cross the finish line wins. That's pretty much it. One more news topic before you go, David. Yeah. The two guys that play it lose.


Yeah, dude, that's true. The two guys that play it I like on the side. What do you think? Last one. No opinion. Okay. Ga Georgia. Yeah. Georgia. Nine 11. Caller here is dispatcher ordering McGriddle during emergency call. Oh, I hate this kind of stuff. I just say when the lines get crossed or whatever, you ever do that? What do you mean? Oh, like a party line. Oh, when I was a kid? Yeah, like when I was a kid or whatever. Party lines. Yeah. You'd be talking to your friend and then it would cross over and you just have some big God's voice. It's like these s are gonna die. You're like, who was That talking to who? Yeah. Yeah. And you go Just a line. You've never even heard the voice before. Like the line would get crossed. And that's your stepdad. Yeah. Yeah. And you. Yeah.


No, I wanna hear more about the McGriddle. What about on Instagram when they show cars doing donuts and they always hit somebody. Oh yeah. They go street Takeover and everyone's like, yeah. I'm like, God, everyone gets hit. You guys get at this point, these aren't professionals. Get Out the way. Yeah. Get out the way. A 9 1 1 caller in Chatham County, Georgia had a very hard time getting through to dispatchers when he thought someone was breaking Soon. Classic Chatham County problem. Just some good old breakfast. When he finally did get through, he said the dispatcher was ordering breakfast. My wife called me. Oh. Oh we got a live, we report. Go ahead, let's see it. And one, one call from earlier this year after the dispatcher was ordering breakfast.


Look At that statement. Riddle. Huh? Wait, the dispatch. So the person getting the call. It was in February. Dylan. Here we go. Let's you know, I wanna hear more from this horse Bass Pro shop On snooping around his home in the Savannah area. He called the non-emergency line first and then called 9 1 1 3 times after finally getting an answer. He was shocked by what he heard during the call. If it, if it didn't happen to me, I wouldn't believe that that happened to someone else. That's how unbelievable It really is. It says the bottom Theo Von fan. What's that Board on? That call is complete. The findings will then be given. That lady looks like your mom. A little spade. She was like a reptilian. Yeah. Nevermind. Your mom looks waving.


No, my mom's hot. My mom got her knee replaced. Did She? Yeah. You haven't said shit about it. She might want you to call her. Oh definitely. Dude, She's so excited. Oh, where's the movie? That's what she said. Yeah. Is it fun? It's gonna be funny. I can tell. It just sounds fun. She's very positive. Yeah, she's very Positive. She Is busboy. Sounds fun. Yeah, she, Oh yeah, dude, I was a busboy for, fuck. How long are you a busboy for? Probably two years. I was the worst. That's it, Theo. Dude, you told me you were busboy for a long time. I was a dishwasher for a year. Then busboy, then busboy, then valet Parker. No, I would be longer except I got, I got you got fired over and over.


Did she does that? Does look like the lady. Your mom. Dude. Your mom likes Jade. So does my mom. Oh, Jade. Oh that's turquoise. But she wears a lot of jade and she wears a lot of turquoise. Oh yeah. Turquoise dude. Desert Jade. Yeah. No, she loves it. That Sand. Jade, they call it, you know, in some circles, Look at me with makeup on. God. Alright. Does your mom have a good sense of humor? She's The best. Yeah. She's hysterical. My mom looks like Willie Nelson. Bring up picture of her. Bring up real. But she's awesome too. And Absolutely compare. Does your mom like me? She Loves you. Does she really? Okay. She would way rather have You see if There's a look at cute. Is that you in a bandana? There's My mom right there. Oh, where were you guys? Maybe I would've loved you. Maybe I didn't love you.


I does off. What if she took off a mask and it was Bobby Lee the whole time? You are always, You are always on my, I love Elvis and Oh, Willie's great. My mom's favorite person is Willie. Favorite performer. You're lying. I swear to God. That's My mom's favorite dude. Look at him. Look At him. Look at my mom Goes, oh, he is sexy. I don't care about the wrinkles. He is sexy. He's so good. Yeah. Talent. Oh, my mom says, I like to climb up those braids and get into 'em. Your mom's got a side pony going. Yeah, She rocks Us. Where are you guys? Which Waffle House is that? That's one of, actually, it's, that was ranked one of the top 600 waffle houses. She's like, you're so rich. Where are you taking me? You're like, oh, pulling a waffle house. Oh, you wanna go somewhere else? Beep beep.


She's like, no, we can have the buck 99. Especially like, mom, I just feel like it's you're most comfortable here. She like, dude, she likes it. Ever since the RFK Junior cleaned up, there was some of some of their feeding patterns over there. Do You have syrup? That's, that was overheard. We're gonna start using Owl piss. Yeah. Did you hear about the guy that tried to piss in his pool or something? No. Some guy was leaving piss somewhere and they hit him with a hammer. What was that article I saw with that hammer? Dude, I don't Know if that's the Whole story. What was that article I saw with the Hammer? Dude? Oh my God, this is the last one. Ready? Lot of Pee Man has no idea who's putting gallons of urine in his Recycling Bin. We shouldn't have started with this one. I like this one.


Or why? It's a lot of pm man has no idea who's putting gallons of urine in his recycling bin. Or why? Dude, it's Kappa Sig. That's who's doing it? Dude, I'll tell you, this guy also is on Instagram trying to fill his pool with piss himself. And it's been a year and it's not that much. And I can tell you it's gonna take him longer. I figured out Dana and I on our podcast, figured out if you try to piss to fill up the Grand Canyon, if every person did it once a day, it would take 800 years. Ooh, isn't that crazy? It's not That long. That sounds like a lie, but that it isn't that long. But the Grand Canyon is bigger than you think. Dude, remember when your parents left you at the Grand Canyon?


Oh no. I don't even bring that up. It's such a sore Sub M. Just glad to see your mom happy Again. By The way, You don't know, maybe Jo's parents, they were maybe doing it as a favor for some reason. Hmm. We haven't thought of that. TBD Dude, it's a little Late to be thinking about this. The plot, Dude, the best thing was the the the, we got to sing the Beatles though. That was the best thing I think. Where was that? Probably out on busboy on the movie. We did? Yeah. What Did we sing? Anytime we got to sing, remember? Oh, We'd sing Abbey Road off camera. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I fucking love The Beatles. Oh, I love The Beatles McCartney.


The Beatle. I love it all, man. Dude. Yeah, yeah. Alright, well I gotta let you go. Alright, I'm gonna stick around for a little bit, but I'm gonna let you take off. No, but thanks for having me. Miss you. Dandelion out now. Dandelion coming out in the next day or two. Check it out. Yep. May 6th, Amazon and check it out. Smash that button. Whatever you're supposed To do. I don't know. Hit that like and subscribe button. Yeah. Whatever it is. You guys, one of the greats. Yeah. One of the funniest people I've ever met. Man, I feel lucky to be able to know you and I, I really feel lucky that you came over today, man. Just thanks for making us laugh, dude. I love it. Dude, you always crack me up and, alright guys, see you out there.


Now I'm just on the breeze and I, I like these leaves. I must be corner. But when I, I.