
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


Mother's Day is right around the corner and if you're undecided on what to get Mom, maybe some flowers or a nice meal that she doesn't have to cook is just the break she needs. But For a limited time use code. THEO. 50. That's right Theo. Five zero to get 50% off up to a $15 value. When you spend $15 or more at local florists, convenience, grocery and retail stores on DoorDash and starting May 9th through Mother's Day weekend, your flowers order will unlock credit towards select gifts that take cooking planning and more off mom's plate. Make this Mother's Day special with DoorDash code Theo. Five zero terms apply.


Alright, here we are. Welcome to the month of May in the year 2025. Thank you for joining me here today. Thank you for letting me be a part of your life and, and you be a part of mine today. Happy Mother's Day. We'll start with that. We got a nice episode of, we got some Mother's Day stuff. We're gonna get into a little bit of light news and then we had a call a few weeks back about grief and loss and we had a lot of nice feedback. Calls and informative.


Heart. Heart hardish, heart heartfelt contributions. So we'll get into those in a bit as well. But yeah, mother's day, that's it because your ma people, your mama raised you think about that. Your ma boy you, you were, you was doing nothing. Your little ass laying there doing nothing, boy hunting for a fucking hand. Tit. That's all you was doing. You was just hunting for that little hand tit with your little hands. You was a little slurp lord.


And your mother raised you. First of all, if something came up to me and started sucking on my, on my breast, on my tit or man or whatever it's called, tit for men or whatever, I would not then raise it. That is, you have to think about that. If something started sucking on your tip, would you take it off and then raise it and grow it to its full form? Only a mother would do that type shit, boy. That's some next level. That's some next level behavior. Mothers out there, which you ass too. A lot of kids never wall stay ass. We had a buddy his legs just knew his pants so well.


He all, he wore the same pants always. And so you knew good and welts and nobody was washing his ass. Boy, not a chance. Even his mom. And she tried, sometimes you see her warm up some water on a stove in a stove pot and to pull a pat, pull his pants back and just dump it right down the back of his pants. Hoping to even to get a half wash or quarter wash on his ass with that warm water. But damn, your mother, your our mothers did that. And when we couldn't read, imagine you sitting there with somebody right. And they can't read, you know, and you gotta teach them to, you start with the first letter and you show 'em that and it's a picture of like a alligator and a little kid and the mom's like, what's that?


And he's like, lizard, lizard or whatever. He can't even say shit. He don't even say nothing. He just look at you and try to cop a quick hit off that tit. That's a dumb child. We were all dumb child. My mother helped us out of that, outta that cavern of knowing nothing. God, they did a lot of work. And then even on some, once you were in school, when you had to go to school and take a test and you was, you was dumb buddy. You was damn dumb. You was dumb child and your mother still hugged you and said you going to do good on it.


I remember my, my mom would be like, you can do great on your tests. I'd look at her, I be like, really? I am. You could. And she, yeah, you going to do great. And I would leave out the door and I peek back in the window. You could see her just shaking her head like he going to fuck it up. But that's crazy to, to send something, know something is gonna not do well on a damn spelling or whatever it's called and send it out in a world and still hug it and pretend like you when they get back. How'd you do? You fucking know good And well how they did mom, they didn't do shit boy they didn't do shit bro.


Opening pants pew another batch of warm water on that ass. It's spring cleaning Mother's Day man. That's what it is. And that's what it ain't, man. You know I wanna say Happy Mother's Day to my mother. I know she watches watches this show and I appreciate that man. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there, the ones that do it by themselves and and some of y'all have help and yeah, it's just this, we know you're doing it. Somebody's doing it and it ain't us.


It ain't us children. We get, we thought we someone's Hil, we think we did it ourself. We didn't do shit. So make sure to reach out to your mother, hit her with a happy Mother's day, get her something. We got a one of our commercials, they got a good advertisement of something beautiful. You get her some good items or something. Break her off something. Get your mother something. Drive over there. Give her a hug boy. Keep your hands off that breast though boy. You of age now you of age. 'cause that's always the craziest. You see some 9-year-old at the BA basketball game and he over there and he up under his mother wearing a Triple XL men's polo shirt just so that kid can get up under there and knob off on that tit.


And he fucking nine bro. Dude, I remember they had this one kid, little bubby was his name and he would go slip up under his mom's shirt. His mom, I don't know if she was in a wheelchair, she was just, just, just, just not, you know, kind of looked like she was in a wheelchair type shit. And she had them crazy breasts. Them kind you. It looked like they cracked open and were kind of flooding out like them bitches was. I don't even know if they are At a certain point it was like she had them just got damn them thing boy.


She had them fucking beanbag. She had them. She had them. Damn. You know what I'm saying? She could find somebody take a break right between her breasts you'd find two men, two factory workers over between her breasts getting a nap in and betting on a horse racing. 'cause she had them big break time tits boy. She had them damn baby bags. She had a fucking damn a cow walk up and try to feed off of them bitches. She had them, them front end loaders on her. What were we talking about? What were we talking about?


Easton Mother's Day. Mother's Day. That's it man that is it. Sorry I went off on a tangent. Oh. But I remember they had his kid Little Bubby and he would go over by his mom's, by his mom. He'd get up, he'd get him a damn candy bar and get up under that shirt and get on that tit. You'd see him in there. He'd have to pop his head out to catch more breath to catch more air. He'd be like, he'd stick his head out and then back under there. Candying and tit. Candying and tit under there. Damn. Nine years old brother. You gonna do good on your test son? No we ain't. That kid's damn dumb baby. Happy Mother's Day.


Oh I don't know what I'm gonna get my mo Well I I get my mother some I'll send her a card and I sent that thing on Monday boy. So it's going to be there. 'cause for years I'm that guy. I send that late card, you know. And I send that bitch, she'll get that bitch on Father's Day. She gets that bitch and she did both jobs anyway so they should make that, they should make that Mother Father's Day card, the two in one hitter. Now that should get that thing released out there. 'cause you've heard me say it before, man. The hardest working man I've ever met is my mother. Big facts, happy Mother's Day to you and to your mothers.


Make sure to get that love line. Hit her with that love line. Do something, get over there. Tickle her, you know what I'm saying? Buy her a bra that says keep out on it and honor those words. 'cause you too tall to be titin. You know that shit type shit. Boy. What's going on? Feeling a little injured today. I I I I went picked up something at the gym, bam. Injured didn't even, and it was that kind of thing where your back locks up in your lung like that just, well you, it's like the wind got knocked outta your back and you know, and your friend's like what's going on and you're like, you can't even talk.


It just, you just, so I just left. I don't know what they thought I had cancer, whatever. But yeah, in injured myself. Went to the massage place over here and I go to the Chinese shop over there, that chop shop. It say right on the side chop shop, you know, and they selling fucking rice right out the back of that bitch, boy. They, they, they'll remodel your saw, they'll remodel your spinal column. They'll fucking unj that bitch and then hit you with that damn two grams of rice when you roll out the door. They got that shit in there. And I got the, I, whenever I go get that massage at the Chinese place, I get, I ask for the Big Guy.


I'm on Big Guy. When I call him on the phone, he knows me. My buddy yang over there. I call him on the phone. He said come here. I said, Big Guy, you got Big Guy. Sometimes he got him, sometimes he don't because I, I've had this second string. They said, Big Guy, Big Guy gone, Big Guy gone. That's what he said. I don't know what he meant but I think he, he was trying to say Big Guy gone right. And I spot him a letter. If he ain't got it all, bro, he from another country. You know that's the kind of guy I am. I'll fucking give you a vowel. Big Guy gone, gone. I got you, I got you with that e twin.


So yeah, he said Big Guy gone. So I went in there and had a second Big Guy in that bitch, bro. The second man, he ain't that big bro. He kind of, he just, he trying to like make his neck long, just trying to look big or something. You know, he put on mittens and shit. 'cause Asian, they try to trick you when you looking at him. They trick you. They a visual. They're the fucking, they're the, the bok choy David Blaines baby. Them bitches are fucking, They trick you bro. They'll put a piece of rice over each eye and tell you they sleeping. That's who they are. They tricks us like that.


But, but I said Big Guy, he said, when Big Guy gone, but I showed up anyway. I took that second. That fucking other Big Guy bro. And he wasn't shit. This little motherfucker, this little fucking woodpecker, this, he couldn't do shit. He would fucking hammer just trying to hammer on me bro. He just put one of his arms out and was just like, that just wood pecking me with that elbow. Didn't do shit. I'm fucking still hurt. But anyway. What else? Big gate. I want Big gate. Dude, I'll tell you this bro. So one time I'm in there and I was getting a massage at this other joint.


I went to this other joint and I'm in there bro. And I, I do the massage where it's like this chair thing that you sit kind of forward on. Easton, can you bring that up for me brother? Yeah, I got You. And we're borrowing Easton. Today's helping us produce and blessings to you man. And, and Easton works on John Chris's podcast. What's it called? Net positive. Net positive with John Chris if you wanna tap in with him. What did I ask Easton, do you remember? Pull up A chair picture. Get that massage chair. That front forward leaning, let's go with that. Oh yeah, yeah.


That's the kind they have right there. They put your face in a little, it's like a little soft little toilet seat, but it's soft but it's little. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Put your face on that and then they just start getting at you anyway, so yeah, I'll go in. He's got one of those chair chair massages. So I sit in there and Big gate, big gate, Big Guy here, Big Guy gone, Big Guy here, Big Guy starts rattling on me doing his Big Guy shit. Fucking leaving sweat on my back. I can feel it every now and then. I know he's really popping back there. If I feel a bead of sweat hit my fucking neck. So he back there popping. Right?


And then I, there's, I look over dude in the chair next to me. There's a kid getting a massage, right? For, I didn't even, I didn't know this could happen, right? It is like a, this kid looked kinda like the Grizzler, right? Like probably nine year, maybe nine and like kind of Ruben, you know, Chub or whatever they call it. This cubish little kid. And, and there's a guy just like, just like, just rubbing on over, just like massaging him, you know? And I didn't know a kid could get him. I didn't know. And I'm like, am I watching like a, like what am I watching?


Like is this a kid getting a massage or is this like a, like is it legal or you know, I, I just didn't know. Yeah, I'm like, and like, how long do you watch? It's just a massage. Like if you know, but yeah, this kid, but it was so crazy. This kid was getting a massage. Like this kid got a massage or was getting a massage, this kid. So they're massaging a kid. It's during the school day. So I'm like, what is ha you know what, rich little kid skip school to get a fucking massage bro. Then anyway, so we're sitting there and at some point somebody did a, a fart, you know, somebody did a, and I think it was this kid, right?


It was, it was crazy. Dude, I'm, I'm there, it's already weird enough. Somebody's massaging the kid. I'm getting fucking Big Guy, Big Guy is over there fucking working me in. And, and the little dude's over here getting fucking chopped out. You know, this little fucking sixth, fifth graders or whatever, this little fifth graders, he's getting over there fucking chopped out by chimp chop your boy, right? And I'm like, can you even massage a kid? I'm thinking, and then somebody just started a fart out of their body. And, and I think it was the kid, right? Because I think, look, if you massage a kid, they're gonna fart. They gotta strike back somehow 'cause it's illegal to touch 'em.


So, and it sounded like, it sounded like, like, I don't know, it sounded like somebody was drinking milk and then just f like it was just, it sounded like a, it just sounded like a ghost wearing booty cologne that had just climbed out that child. And, and, and I'm not saying it was definitely the kid who was in there doing thoughts or whatever, but, you know, I don't know, you know, I'm no fought and Luther King or whatever, but I have a dream that somebody fighting in here. But there was another guy in there, so it could have been other guy, you know, whoever that was.


Louis Farhan? No, it's just a, it's just a activist joke anyway. No. Yeah. It could have been this other guy in there. I don't know. 'cause there was another guy in there, just a guy like worked at a bank or something, or was like cheating on his wife, some guy, right? And they were sh over there shining him up. They over there really getting into his shoulders and neck. You know, he had two kind of medium guys. He didn't have no Big Guy like I did bitch. But they chopping into him and that and that. And, but at some point the room started to smell bad. Somebody chopped off a real thought.


And it sounded like somebody had a like, had put like milk on just like, like their butt had been drinking milk and then just fought. Just did a fought bro. It was cr you could, he, it just sounded like, so like a, like somebody had taken a tight foot out of a wet boot, you know, out of a wet rubber boot. Just, but anyway, what is that? Happy Mother's Day, bro. That's what I'm telling y'all. I got a massage and you gotta take care of yourself when you get 'em. When I go into a massage place, first thing I say, no pop, pop.


I say no Pop pop touch a wien, a tap of my wiener two times. Pop, pop, no pop pop for me. That's what I say when I say, when I go into those places, we got an episode. I mean that means don't touch me, don't touch. No don't touch this. You know, don't, don't wean, don't stay off my wiener. That's what I say. You know, stay off my small gate. Huh? Stay off my small gate. Big Guy. No, no medium guy.


But I tell 'em right when I walk in, don't jerk me off. I do that myself. I I do it at home. I do it under, you know I do it under with closed blinds or whatever, music on, music off whatever. I don't jerk off with the fan on. I say that point blank. You see some dudes bro. I know I got buddies. You walk in they room, it's smell in there like they've been jerking. Oh and the fan is on bru. Have some respect bruh. Have you out there drying out your root or whatever and you out there popping off bruh you out there fricking earning pearls outta your own wean out there.


So praise God. We'll get to an ad in just a second. We got a new Pope. Is that right there Easton? That is correct. And what did you think about it? What's the news on him? You got any in info information on him? He is the first American pope. No way. He is. He is from Chicago, Illinois. Door Bears boy. Wow. Yep. I'll pull up his name here. He's going by Pope Leo the 14th. And his name is Robert Prevost. Bobby Prevost baby. And who do the Packers have? Aaron Rogers. Dude, it's a rap bro.


Jordan loved it. Dude. Nobody the pop do we got the Pope. Huh? Go Cubs. Go. Hey Chicago, what do you say? We got the Pope two today Game boy. We ride here. Big gate. Big gate. Damn bro. Hopes he hope he stops the massaging of children. You know what I'm talking about. We shut it down brother. I don dunno if we can say that. And how do we know when they pick the pope?


So they, I guess all the cardinals, there's like a bunch of, I don't how many. They all like silently, secretly, like, you know that thing you did in school where you let to like close your eyes and raise your hand and the teacher counted, I guess it's like that where they like secretly vote. Oh. And they, they don't decide until, I think it's like a two thirds majority. So Like heads up, sovereign up or whatever. Yeah. So they, if the pope, I guess every day they do it and if the Pope hasn't been chosen, they do like black smoke out of the chimney. And then if the pope is get does get chosen, then it's white smoke that comes outta the Chimney. Oh really? So how long did it take 'em to choose this pope? I think just like two days. 'cause yesterday it was black smoke and then, or two days ago it was black smoke. And then yesterday it was white smoke.


Damn. So it was only two days. Ha. Have we ever had a black pope yet? No. Wow. Bro. That's what we gotta get. That black pope boy. Big Guy. What about a Asian pope? Have we had it? Oh, we gotta get a damn low Asian pope boy. Just a little bit of prayer fried rice. Boy, you feel me? I wanna say thank you to mom for having all the answers. She had 'em all, she didn't, sometimes they were wrong yet, but she had 'em all. Imagine something just asking you questions for 18 years and more and you do your best to answer every one.


Yep, that's a mom.


But this year we're answering four mom and the answer is we're gonna give them flowers plus a real break because moms are at it 24 7 and flowers. It's nice. But you know what they really want is a break from everyone's questions. From the endless to-do list from momming. Oh, I still ask my mom so many questions. I will call and ask my mom what shoe size I wear. I wish I could look in my shoe. I could do a ruler against my foot, but I will call my mom and if she doesn't answer it when I call, I will just not know what my shoe size is for the day. Oh, if I was a mom, I I would just put ear plugs in. That's what I would do. I would tell my kids I would have like one of those lights that taxis have above them on the top of a taxi that says when it's available or not. I would turn the light off, not available. And then I would, what would I do if I were a mom? Oh, I would get in a big bubble bath. That's what my mom used to do. She would yell, she'd yell at us and say something and say we weren't gonna be able to have something. Then you would hear, you'd hear her, her slammer door and then every now and then you'd hear her get in that bubble bath right there and maybe crack open a cold beer or something. Or cold little can of milk or whatever you hear, crack it open or get that bubble bath goings so high you couldn't see, hear nothing. Is she in there? I don't know what she would And I think she would just sit in there and the, and and then the bubbles and have a little sip of beer or cold milk. Something to get her through the day, man. So if I was a mother, I would do that. Oh, and I forgot to add this Mother's Day. When you buy your mom flowers, you'll get up to $75 as a dash pass member or up to $50 as a non dash pass member towards a family meal. That mom doesn't have to cook a fun activity. So mom can play without planning or a self-care retreat in case mom just wants some me time. Yep. That's Theo five zero THEO number five number zero to get 50% off up to a $15 value when you spend $15 or more at local florists, convenience, grocery and retail stores on DoorDash. And starting May 9th through Mother's Day weekend, your flowers order will unlock credit towards select gifts that'll take cooking planning and more off of mom's plate. Make this Mother's Day special with DoorDash terms apply.


All right. You know, one of the last episodes, the last solo episode we had called Chili Boy or something like that. Was it Chili Baby? Chili Boy? Chili Baby Chili. Oh, pickle Chili. And it was about a month ago and a man called in who, who had lost his girlfriend to cancer. So we're gonna take a quick listen to that. It's, Hey, my girlfriend of four years, she, she passed away five and half months ago.


She, it was not a surprise, but you know, she, she had cancer. We thought that she had a little more time. But yeah, since then I've spent most of my time doing nothing. You know, I would visit her grave every day for months, which is good, I guess for getting out. He goes and visits her grave every day. You would say for months Onward man, thank you for sharing this brother of My apartment, my apartment. But I would just let the time pass, you know? But recently I've started going back to school full time and working again.


And honestly I feel like I'm just doing it 'cause it's expected of me, you know, from like people around me, my family and my peers. I guess another reason that is I'm, I'm pretty young, but, so maybe some people just expect me to move forward pretty fast. But, you know, I I don't want to, you know, yeah. I just, you know, sometimes you feel like you were like, I feel like I was like left behind, you know? Yeah. Thank you for the call brother. And, and we, we, we discussed this on a previous episode, but we had, we got some calls that came in and I wanted to listen to some of them here just so you can get an idea.


As always. The Hotline guy is, is (985) 664-9503. And here's a call that came in about grief. We asked callers if they had any suggestions for that gentleman. And here's some of the responses that we got. Hey Theo, man, love your show, bro. Listen to you every day or every time you make a podcast. I'm actually listening to Pickle Chili Right now. And I heard the caller call in about he lost a, his girlfriend or whatever and you asked some people to call in, give some ideas of how maybe he can handle this situation. And look, I actually lost my daughter five years ago to this day from a brain aneurysm.


And I guess the only advice I could say is, look man, don't let nobody tell you how long you should grieve. It is gonna be different for everyone. 'cause not every, not every situation is gonna be built the same. So do it at your own speed, man. There's gonna be a lot of people that's gonna want to get involved and tell you how you should do these. But you have to experience this the way that you need to experience this to make it right for you. I have dreams about my daughter often man. And it's like, it's funny 'cause like in my dreams, I know she's passed away and I know she's not with her. So while I'm dreaming, I try to, I just try to hug her and talk to her and make that dream last as long as I can, you know?


And look bro, miss her, miss her. Every day I talk to my daughter. I, I I, I miss, I mean, every night before I say a prayer, I talk to my daughter and I've been doing that since the day she's passed away. And look, last but not least, bro, this doesn't get easier. It, it really doesn't. It just becomes a new type of normal, if, if that makes some sense, bro. Man, Theo gang, gang, love you bro. Love you too, bro. Thank you man. Man, man. That's just, that's a, you know, it's, that's nice of him to call.


He called outta Louisiana. I see that area code 3, 3 7 over there and you can hear the bayou in the back of his throat right there. Yeah, I remember after my dad was gone, even still, sometimes if I'm having like a tough day whenever I go to sleep at night, I'll, yeah, I'll hope that I get to see him or that he shows up, you know, and then sometimes it's like gets to be further. Sometimes it's like further and further between times and then, yeah. And it just like, you just wish some, like you hope that somebody will be there, but then sometimes they are in your dream and yeah. That's awesome man. That's a really nice sentiment to share.


Thank you for that call. Let's take another call here. Hey Theo. Hey man, just wanted to call in, in response listening to the Pickled Chili podcast and the guy, Thank you for listening, man. I appreciate that. Thank all you all, anybody who listened I That lost his girlfriend and after five months wanted to respond as somebody that's been through that too. Lost my fiance, high school sweethearts. Yeah. Day before my birthday, she was in a car accident. And it's tough man.


It's somebody that you've been with for seven years at a young age. I was 21, she's 20. So it's kind of rough, but just wanted to respond to him and let him know the things that have helped me and maybe it'll help him and, and somebody else. And the biggest thing is, I, I got all those, the same symptoms as him, you know, didn't want do anything. You lose your purpose in life and some things that you touched on, Theo, you know, you want to dream, you want to feel all that again. And it's all true. But the thing that helped, helped me the most is, is surround yourself with friends and family and those things right there, the people that love and support you, I'm still close with her family and those things help you get through it, man.


So anytime I'm having those rough days and, and weeks and, and you just, like you said, get out, surround yourself with people that love you and your friends. Go do some things with your friends. They're always there for you. And I got a dog, you know, and that really helped me get through that too, man. You always got somebody excited to see you when you get home and that's it, man. That's really the answer. You'll never forget. You'll never move on completely. You hope to have a normal life, but the things that help you push through it are gonna be just love surround yourself with people who love you.


Amen man. Yeah, there's a song, I I I, there's a song by this guy Steven Wilson Jr. Thank you for that call and thank you to the caller previously too. And thank you guys for both sharing your experience with loss. Yeah, there's this song, grief is that by Steven Wilson Jr. And it's grief is only love that has nowhere to go. And and I thought about that, I thought about that since that gentleman called in because love is like, love is this feeling that it has to lands on someone or a an object.


It has to land on a, on something, right? Like a person place. It has to, it has to love, has to have a place to land if you love, like you can love yourself, but that's more like integrity and confidence and then it can even drift into ego or whatever. But when you really love, you love someone, you know. And so love is really, it's an outward thing. It's, it's not, it's yours, but it's, if it's active, it's not yours. It's, it's a like a bridge almost, kind of.


And then, yeah, once that recipient is gone, once that place where it was landing is gone, it's like it almost becomes, it, it it's crazy that something that is so wonderful can become so painful. 'cause then you have the, all these same feelings but they don't have the place to land. Yeah, I remember when my father died, I remember I just, I was at his funeral and it was like the most like scariest thing ever. There was people there that I didn't even, I didn't know any of them. And my na this family that I just moved in with, the dad took me over there and, and some of our neighbors went with me.


And I just remember like, it was all these feelings that I think I didn't even know that I'd had, that I wanted to be for my father. And I didn't even know I had 'em. And now it was just like they were, they hit a dam, you know, they just would never have a place to go. And I just remember like just so much tears and like crying like it would be like going into the cracks of the floor. And I just wanted to, I just wanted to be one of those tears. I wanted to just disappear. Let's take some other calls man. And we're not trying to make that like, I guess it can't help but be s like sad, but I think it's real, right?


And it's real. This is, you know, life is real and it's full of real things and I'm just glad we don't have to go through them alone. So that's a nice thought to have Right now. Hey Theo, I'm replying to the gentleman that had recently lost a girlfriend. I had lost my girlfriend back in 2018, so it's going on seven years now. It's tough. And it sounds like he was looking for answers when, you know, the only thing that I could say is like, it sounds like he's on the right track and if I was him, I would just choose to live through the memories that they shared together.


I remember my girlfriend always telling me that, you know, she thought I was a good teacher. And so now I'm in a field where I'm able to teach people things and I just feel like every time I do, I just, it reminds me of her and there's just like, it's no longer a sadness anymore. It, there's a happiness in it and Yeah, you know, it's funny. Thank you. Sorry I'm belting. I had a little bit of Celsius, but thank you for the call man. I, yeah, I remember my dad like one thing I re like, one of the only things I remember he said to me ever in my life was that I was a survivor.


He used to always say that you're a survivor, you know, and maybe he knew that because he was so old that it would be something that I would need. I don't know. But it's like, it's like one thing that I just feel like, you know, or I relate to or something, you know, like I'm gonna get through this I guess, you know? So I think that's really magical that when you act out something that somebody who loves you told you you were, when you do those things that you are kind of servicing that relationship that's no longer there.


You know, like if she says that where you said this part, I remember my girlfriend always telling me that, you know, she thought I was a good teacher and so now I'm in a field where I'm able to teach people things and Yeah, I could totally see that man that by then teaching that you feel like you're honoring her and it makes you feel that same way that you felt when she told you it was something that you did really well. Yeah, it's interesting how we figure out how to, how to keep going in the world, all of us.


And that we want to, that's one thing that I think is amazing about life is this will to survive, right? It's like you have a man that lost his daughter and he's, you know, and there's, it's like he wants to go and at least wake up and see the day every day because you know, probably through his eyes his daughter somehow gets to see the day as well. You know, I think there's just something in us that wants to survive so much and I don't even know what to say about that or what I think about that thought. But thank you for that call man. Thanks for sharing that.


Alright, let's take one more call. Hey Theo, this is Tyler from Cincinnati. Hey Tyler, thank you for calling dude Cincinnati over air. Will the Bengals have a decent defense? I don't know. All the money's on the offensive side of the ball. It feels like if they let Trey Hendrickson go. Now with that said, is it a Joe Burrow make or break year? We'll see about that baby Onward brother. I don't have personal experience with a loss of an immediate loved one, but I've walked next to someone who has, and our church offers counseling around that and one of the resources we use is this book called Dark Clouds Deep Mercy.


Hmm. I highly recommend it to everyone who is dealing with loss and I buy it for anyone close to me that I hear has a loved one who they've lost and they've found some piece from that book. Yeah. Hopefully that could be a resource to some people who are listening. Thanks Spike. Alright. Yeah, thank you for that suggestion man. I know there's a lot of grief books out there and stuff, but just like how do you go through it? Yeah, it's interesting, the young man who called earlier first of the original call was saying that he felt like he got left behind.


Yeah. It's just, it's all kind of fascinating even though it's so sad. I was, I was the other day this came up on my feed when I was thinking about grief and it's Jim Carrey once said, or this site Attri attributes it to him. Grief is not just an emotion, it's an unraveling. A space where something once lived but is now gone. It carves through you leaving a hollow ache where love once resided in the beginning it feels unbearable like a wound that will never close.


But over time the raw edges begin to mend the pain softens, but the imprint remains a quiet reminder of what once was. The truth is you never really move on, you move with it. The love you have does not disappear. It transforms, it lingers in the echoes of laughter and the warmth of old memories in the silent moments where you still reach for what is no longer there. And that's okay. Grief is not a burden to be hidden, it's not a weakness to be ashamed of. It's the deepest proof that love existed, that something beautiful once touched your life. So let yourself feel it. Let yourself mourn.


Let yourself remember there is no timeline, there is no right way to grieve. Some days will be heavy and some will feel lighter. Some moments will bring unexpected waves of sadness while others will fill you with gratitude for the love you were lucky enough to experience Honor your grief for it is sacred. It is a testament to the depth of your heart. And in time through the pain you will find healing. Not because you have forgotten, but because you have learned how to carry both love and loss together. Man, that's a pretty powerful, yeah, whenever I had heard that quote that yeah that grief is only love that has no place to go.


It's a great song too by Steven Wilson Jr. I don't believe that the quote is his, but it's a, it's a great song. Yeah. Like you have memories and sometimes even just telling a funny story about someone that's gone can almost make you have the same feeling as if they are still alive sometimes. But yeah, thank you guys for anyway, listening to that. I know some of that stuff's kind of heavy and stuff to think about, but it's nice to take moments to think about people and just hear what, just be alive.


Yeah, it's nice to just be alive. Yeah, I don't mean that, I just mean it's, I don't know what I mean. Anyway. Yeah, thank you everybody for made some calls and called in. There was a lot of nice calls and suggestions and we tried to put some together there. You know, I wanted to say something, there's been something that's just been kind of on my heart and so I feel like I, I should bring it up there is, you know, we've had people on the podcast in the past to talk about it and there's just a, there's a conflict that's been happening in the Middle East.


People know about it between Israel and Palestine and some of the areas over there, the Gaza area they talk about. And, and I just think it's, it feels to me, I dunno if I, it just, it feels to me like it's a genocide that's happening while we're alive here in front of our, in front of our lives. And I, I, I don't, sometimes I feel like I should say something, I'm not a geologist or geographer or anything like that, you know, so I don't know a lot of the, some of it I do know though, like I know the basics of the issues over there, but for me it's just like how I feel like you see all these photos of people just children, women, people body parts, just people like putting their kids back together and I just can't believe that we're watching that and that more isn't set about it.


And so I'm not saying anyone else needs to say anything, but I think I'm just, that Moore isn't said about it by me. So I just, I want to be able to speak up about that, that I think we're watching probably like, you know, one of the sickest things that's ever happened and, and I'm sorry if I've kind of haven't said about it. I've tried to talk about it and learn about it, but I don't know, maybe I just wanna, I just wanted to say something I don't even know what to do, you know? And it's crazy 'cause our country's also complicit in, in, you know, it's in in it and has been for a long time and, and it's just kind of interesting 'cause then you just realize, oh well I'm just a, yeah, I'm a member of this country, but I'm just what we want sometimes doesn't matter, you know, and you just have to be a member of a place and your government is making other choices.


So I don't know if I've, I don't know if I said that correctly or I don't even know exactly what I said, but I just, I, I just have, it's just like been making me really sick and I feel like I just needed to say something that I think, you don't have to think that I'm not asking you to do anything, but I just have to say that so I'm not sitting by, you know, there's that piece inside of me like why, why wouldn't you, can you say something? You know, there's people that can't even speak and you can say something, you know? And so that's how I, I just had to just speak up anyway. I think maybe it's starting to make it about me there at the end.


But yeah, so just praying for those people and just the grief that that is all gonna cause you notice like what are we doing? But, and I know that this is happening to other ethnicities and other cultures. I know that it's happening to other places too. I just don't see that as much. And so, yeah. Anyway, anyway, that was kind of a downer ending, but Big Guy.


So Mother's day's a good day to just be reminded to love people. Whether it's your mother or a kid or a puppy or a little alligator, whatever you got over there, you know, even if it's a memory, you know, get a picture out of somebody that was a member of your life or that loved you and spend a few moments with him, you know, or that's what I'm gonna try to do. You know, I got a couple pictures of my dad. I think there's a couple memories that I keep of him that are like, that are just mine. It feels like, you know, yeah.


There's a couple memories of him that I feel like are just mine. And so yeah, I can just, you know, I can, you can spend time with those. You are the only two people that have those in the world is you and that other person. So that's a really, that's one of a kind. So that's really something cool that you can do. But anyway, this getting long Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for letting me be a part of your life today. Thanks for being a part of my life today and I don't even know how to end this, what to do. I don't even have any music on today. So big gay it, big gay.


But yeah. Anyway, quit listening to me. Text your mom even if you hate her, text her and be like, Hey ma, love you. And then just send a wink emoji after it. That's, Hey look, hey, it's a start, right? You guys be good to yourself baby. Praise God. Thank you. Oh and Easton, thank you so much Easton, for helping us out today. Dude came over, we never even met. We never even met. What are you getting your mom for Mother's Day, Easton, I think we, me and my siblings went in on something, I don't really know what it is yet. Okay. I'll found out on Mother's Day as well, Type shit. Dude, the craziest is when you buy some of your siblings, right? They picked it out.


They show up with it. Mom opens it, she likes it, but you don't fucking like it. Yeah, it's happened a few times. Yeah. That's crazy. That's like, dude, that's one of the cra that's guy, that's why being a mom has to be so crazy. Something crawls outta your body. Right. Hangs out in the kitchen for probably 15 years. Right. And fucking basically, I don't even, sorry, I don there wasn't an ending to that, but yeah dude, that would be the thing. Somebody got my mom one of those boat in a bottle thing, shipping a bottle. You know what I'm talking about?


Yeah, Yeah. We all gave my sister some money and she was going, she was, she'd been using or whatever, or mountain climbing or whatever she called it. But she, we gave her the money, she shows up. We each gave her like 80 bucks. She shows up. She was to have something nice for her mom. She got her one of those fucking ship in a bottles dog and had no change with it. Like, bitch, get the, give it that fucking change bitch. Come on Big Guy. Alright man. Thank you Easton bruh, much oblige appreciate you. And make sure to check out net positive with John, Chris, and, and Easton on there.


And you guys be good to yourselves. Do we? Okay Now I'm just on, I, I like these leaves. I, I reach that ground. I, I.