
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


I'd like to let you guys know about a couple of new dates We have. Philadelphia, Rochester, New York, home of the garbage plate, and Dewa. You can get all those tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Thank you. Today's guest is an interviewer. He's a content creator. He's a voyeur. You know, his show Sunday Conversations where he is had pretty much everyone on as a guest. This interview is one of the most hectic time. Just it's, this interview was hectic and we did our best and you live and learn. But I'm very grateful that I got to go through just a, it was just a long day with my friend Mr.


Caleb Pressley Shine. I think your hair looks great today. My dude, you know who you remind me of? No cap, bro. Huh? That girl, she's like the ba the what is it? And you will not electrocute the children. You know what I'm talking about? Did you make that up? Is that a real person? I'm talking about I'm never the futur or, oh yeah. The the future is ours.


You will not hurt the fuck, what is it? Thornberg? Yes. Really? Yeah. You knew, bro. Come on, help me out. Yeah. Go to Thornberg, dude. Yeah. So you see the future is ours. Yeah. The Future is ours. She's Inspirational. I gotta stop looking. Do people tell you that a lot? Yeah. I get That a lot Now. You look great, man. I was gonna say thank You man. Wow. Quit quit. No, I'm just saying. 'cause I've seen you, when you, when you look different than this, I look bad. The last time we I saw you, I wouldn't say that I look Horrible. Horrible. Yeah. I mean, you, some days are not my best days, But most days are, I'm just not with you on most. Yeah. The second I saw that vest and I was like, oh, hell yeah, dude.


Yeah. It's fucking cool dude. I got, I got it from for Chica Cheetah, which is, But your tequila company, You know? Yeah. And it's, you know, you smelt it. Oh Dude, I took a deep smell off of that guy. You really did. Some guys, I remember it's like a little Latino guy's. Like, I'll rub it inside your nose. Like, hold On, Do not rub it in my nose, foot. How about this? I was like, how about this? You keep drinking it and let me put, let me put my ear up to your chest. Your, your heartbeat while you're on it. That guy was crazy. That guy was on a lot, man. But it, yeah, it smelled like very beautiful peanut flavored peanut.


Tell me about it. It's Peanut peanut flavored tequila. Peanut Flavored tequila Peanut. Peanut flavored tequila. It's peanut butter. Peanut butter flavored Tequila. Because just peanut flavored is like Totally Different. Yeah. And every year it kills like one person on an airplane. Dude, Super funny talking about Mexican people. We went down there to tequila for it and To, to, to, To tequila the city. Oh, this I Don City. It might be a country. No. Ooh, tequila. It's a city. Guadalajara is the, is just a neighboring city that you fly into, but then you go to tequila and at that place, they don't have, they don't eat peanut Butter Uhuh. And they don't know how to dap either. They don't Know how to dap you up. No Dude, Mexican people, if you do this to 'em, they have no clue what you're doing.


God, That's crazy. They have no idea. I'm not saying Mexican Americans who, who live here now, they Probably can dab Chicanes. Those are called Chicanos. They Can probably dap fine. But you go down there, it's just not a thing. Dude. I think the exchange rate gets lost. I think if you're coming across that border, there's no time to adapt. People are, you know, can't, they're struggling. They're getting climbing uphill or up. Like they're wet. The kids haven't slept or whatever. I think that's where they probably lose it. There's not time. Yeah. There's nobody, dude, there's no two dudes who are sneaking into a country tree. If these people are, and that's all. Yeah. You're not like, yeah, I think, dude, I think Mexican people are probably the most liked group of people for sure.


I don't know anyone who doesn't like Mexican people. We did a show the other night and they had a guy in the front of Mexican, or alleged Mexican or whatever, or I don't even what it's called, like matte Finnish or whatever God calls it or whatever, you know, like, I don dunno, you know? And all I know is that he had, all I know is that he had salt around the edges of his shoulders. So you could tell Tahin. Yeah, he, yeah. He had a little, little tahe on him. Yeah. What was he Doing? What was he doing? Nothing. I don't know. He is just fucking looking for something. No, he was, he was just at the show. But I was like, give a round applause for Mexican people, man.


They're doing it. And people went ape shit, Bro. Everyone, I love Mexican people. Everyone loves Mexican people. They're hardworking family people, fun people. Fa I already said family, but they're cool This fast, bro. But they also, they have bring up the Mexican Easter bunny. I've heard this dude is a, a lot of times he's like an a lucha libre, mass dude. And he'll kidnap your tia. Do You ever had a show, like, just thinking about someone in the front of their audience. Do you ever like look at somebody and be like, get this guy outta here. And they'd be like, Dude, I will sometimes just point to a guy in the front and they'll be like, this guy's here to meet a 14-year-old boy.


Ladies and gentlemen. Like, they'll put his picture up on the screen. And dude, the crazy part was one time they just, he happened to be with his son who I guess was underage or whatever, or his, you know, or some kid that he met and they just pan over to this kid and everybody's like, oh, hope it's his son. You Should do a kiss cam. Oh yeah, You should do a kiss cam. And then we'd go to a hot lady and then go with Just you and her. Yeah. And then you just keep putting on a disguise and scooting around the place. Yeah. Like, oh, well there was that, there's that, that thing happened where a guy, he kept setting his buddy up on the kiss cam.


So he would, he had a, he knew the guy run the kiss cam. So he was like, dude, Jeremy, I'll be in, you know. Yeah. Right in 12 M just light me up, homie. I'm gonna sit by something. I'm gonna sit by something. Cute. Cute. Yeah. And his buddy, they have like this over like 11 games. They kept, they kept finding him like sitting by cute girls. He was smooching. Yeah. Some of 'em didn't kiss him. Some of 'em didn't. They didn't like him, but some of 'em liked him. Dude, I saw a comment on, this is random. I saw a comment on our video we just did on Sunday conversation that said me and you have me and you have the exact opposite facial hair. I'm Looking at you thinking about it Right now. That's hilarious too. That's pretty true, man.


Yeah. Oh, I think you definitely seem, you have very like Nordic, native American. What's that place where they all meet up? The bikers meet up. Oh, Myrtle Beach. Yeah. You have very Nordic, you look like a kind of a really hot chick in Myrtle Beach, dude. I think. But at like a biker place bike A week. Yeah. Biker week. Which one though? Huh? Who cares? Huh? Yeah. I think a lot of dudes as they, they'd be like, oh, that fucking hot chick's got a mustache. You know, Greta Thornberg, you already said it. We are not, they're killing our baby bears.


How old is she now? Bring her up, Dude. He hasn't brought up anything you've Told him to bring up yet. I know Guys are fucking unbelievable. There you go. I said bring up a picture of the Easter Mexican Easter Bunny. Oh, definitely. Boy. Eh huh Don. Dude, it's kind of crazy. 'cause the Mexican Easter bunny, he pops into your place looking for eggs, you know? I'm Like, what do you mean? Like, some bunny's like an America. He hides the eggs, he brings him Mexico, he fucking show up at your place. He's like, You know, So I think it's a little bit different.


It's a little bit more in, it's a little bit more like, look at him right there. He's like kind of like the Michael Myers of chocolate, like down there. I think he has, they're not, they're not hoping he comes. I think that's what I think. Oh my God. They're just like, oh shit, this just another white guy trying to colonize our shit, you know? But if the black Easter bunny comes, dude, Oh bro. He come the day after Easter, He'll get out, he'll get out, he'll get outta the fucking truck. He'd be like, oh, Sherman lady as fuck.


Dang, bro. Dude, what did you say when we were in, when we were hunting and you were talking about, you're never gonna remember. You said the funniest thing about you had a full joke you were gonna put in your standup. I did. You always say that though. You're like, let me say that and then I can't. Oh Yeah. And then we forget about it. That's how It happens. You just start writing stuff down. You do, you write stuff down. Yeah, write it down too. It doesn't help. Yeah. You gotta be able to read it. That's the trick, man. That's the trick about writing Doug. You learn to write, but can you read? That's the problem. There's a lot of fucking people, bro, that write all kind of shit. But then it, then they fucking just kind of be like, You don No.


Say Run outta gas. Oh, Caleb Pressley. What's going on, man? Sunday conversation. We just got to do it, dude, thank you for having me back. It's, it's your own show now. So you guys are free from Barstool? Yep. My contract ran out the end of last year. So January one, me, Glenny Balls came with me. And then I have a producer, Kelsey, and then Editor and Shooter Tom. So that's, they're my little company. And then we have like the same freelance people that we always work with. So we really have like a team of seven that's kind of like our little, our little squad. Yeah, It was good, man. Yeah, I felt like it was the same, everything was felt Exactly. Kinda the same. We did an exact same location in chairs.


Oh, That's true. Yeah. It was good. Yeah. That was fun dude. And you guys just did, who else have you done recently? This, who did you have some episodes you've done that aren't gonna come out? Haven't come out yet. We just did Morgan Wallen. I don't know when this comes out, but we did Morgan yesterday. That'll come out this weekend. So I don know if this is coming Out. Oh, so that'll already be out then. Okay. Because it's coming out I think next week maybe. We just did Luca. Oh, Luca, huh? Yeah. Bounced from the playoffs right after. Oh, He did, huh? Yeah. What do you feel like, how they did Luca bad, But dude, he's still making, I mean, it's hard to feel bad for someone who's making whatever, $97 million the next two years. But I think, I think he lost out on like 116 million Mm. And in his country or whatever. That's crazy.


I think you, it's like you could buy every, you could buy a mountain or something. Yeah. You'd never have to go back with that. With that amount. Yeah. Yeah. You'd never have to see Venia again with 160 million bucks Free at last. Free at last. Oh yeah, dude. That's what's up, bro. No, it's been good. I, I, I've enjoyed, it's kind of the same thing I was doing when I was at Al. I mean, it's pretty much exactly the same thing, just doing Sunday conversation. Plus I'm like, I did Druke show, which was fun. Just like one off kind of collaborations. Oh Yeah. Who was that? Little Bambi. Oh, was that who it was? Little McNugget. She looked like Glenn Big Baby Davis. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. He's in jail. Is He? Yeah.


Well, sh free big Baby. Oh Yeah, dude. She does. She looked like she been behind bars, alcohol, serving pla places. Yeah, she looked like she'd been behind bars at all times, you know. Yeah. She's from Memphis. Oh yeah. Yeah. She's great. She's pregnant too. Is she pregnant? She's pregnant. And a lot of people don't know if it's Drusky or not. No way. Yeah, man. I also don't, no, I don't, I don't think it is. It's probably not. Wow. But also, I don't know Drusky that well. Exactly. I know him pretty well. That's it. Well Dude, well there's room. I've heard of all types of things about skin. I won't say any of them, but it's, a lot of people say that he's mixed or whatever.


Yeah. I met his parents and, and they're both black and I still have been hearing that. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, one of his parents will even be like, I think he's mixed. Why are they saying that? Dude, he is so, so funny. Oh, he has such a unique, I didn't even really understand it until hanging out with him. The uniqueness of his humor and sense of humor. Yeah. He has an incredible sense of humor. Like, he can just tell, even when he was setting stuff up for a show, like he's just off the cuff. He doesn't like playing shit really. But the way he would set up things, he's like, we're just gonna go out there and freelance it. Or not freelance it go off the top of our heads. But there needs to be this, this to create this tension or whatever.


He wanted to set up shit I had never really thought about before. Just really smart. A good sense of humor. Yeah. Yeah. And I, he gets jokes. He sees what's going on, you know, he's great. He's fun to be around. Yeah. Bring up that little baby bear he had on there. Bambi. Oh, Bambi. Bring up Bambi from Memphis. No, this is, this is the wrong one. Ry. Yeah, this is Bambi. The baby deer. I think both of 'em have been shot though. That's bring Up Bambi. Could have been love. There you go. No, she's right there. Yeah, she's funny too. Yeah. Get a better picture of her man. You can't really see her dude. This show. They had the funniest girls on this show. Yeah. She looks a little bit like Glen Big baby, you know?


Yeah. Pull Up a picture of Glen Big Baby in jail. I wanna know how these guys take so many photos while they're in jail. Oh dude. Jail is like, basically like being at a, it's like an Influencer trip, Dude. It's, It's like raising canes takes you to F1. It's like basically like a Cinnamon Hampton Inn kind of, you know, kind of. It's gotten to be like, have you been in jail? Yeah. I've only been in jail for one night though. You spent a whole night there? Yeah. What'd you do? We sang at the beginning, but, 'cause I was trying to fit in or whatever, and I, I like What about beforehand? Before, before you went in there. Oh, A apparently a giving drugs to kids.


Unreal. What state? Unreal. First of all, Mississippi, bro, if you're gonna get, you're gonna bother me for giving drugs against when everybody here is recovering from opioid addiction. When they tested these syrups, they tested nine out of 40 syrups at IHOPs in Mississippi. Tested positive for fentanyl. And they're gonna come at me. That's unreal. I'm just boo boo kitten. Did you get any good flicks while you're In there? Chill out, huh? No. What did we do dude? We sang a little bit of freestyle rapping and then prayer, personal prayer.


And that was it, man. And then let me out. Did you pull all nighter? Did you sleep? Mm. Oh, you know, you don't sleep your first night. Mm. That's a rookie move, right? What you Supposed to do? Yeah. You just gotta, you can't be the guy that gets in a prayer. You're like, oh, so you guys sharpening your knives. I'm gonna get a little bit of shut out, dude. No, you basically have to spend the first couple hours chaining your ass to the wall. It is. Freedom is not freedom. I mean, it's a lot in there. It's a lot in there, man. What about you? Have you been I went for a, we stormed a court in Connecticut at a Yukon game.


Hell yeah. And they were upset that we didn't even get to storm it. We were gonna try to storm it, But what was it about? Was it because of that? We're doing a storm Women's lib or the, not the Roe verse Wade thing. Huh? No, it wasn't that one. It was just a, a basketball game. I could think, I guess a ranked opponent. Oh, you for, are you talking about sports court? Sports Court. Oh, oh yeah. I thought you guys took on a, the judicial state. Who'd you think Roers Wade was? Dude? No, dude. Yeah. The wrong sport. Kind Of. Did you thought Dwayne Wave or somebody? Dude, dude, I know my court cases don't say that. Yeah, we do. We got arrested. I forgot about that. But we just went to jail for a couple minutes. Oh yeah. And when we came out of jail, people were outside cheering for us.


Yeah. Seriously. It was like a movie. We didn't even have it filmed, but it was amazing. The ice bugs are melting. Is that Greta? Yeah. Dude. Pull her. I just wanna know if she's, how, what age she is. That's really all I wanna know. I can't believe Druke got that. Might have a baby on the way. Yeah, she's, she's looks like she's, she's about the same look, she's 22 Years old. Yeah. No way. I'd love to meet her. I wonder what she's really like. Yeah, she's like very, she speaks up a lot for about Palestine now. So you think she's rich? I don't know. Hmm. I bet she's doing fine.


I'm sure she has lobbyists trying to reach out to her, getting her to do different stuff. Maybe. I have no idea. Where does she live? I wonder if she's a pet owner or not. She seems like maybe She seems like, no, that's my vote. What do you think? I don't know. It's tough to know, man. You used to be able to know immediately when you'd see somebody like, oh, they got a couple. I could see her having a Bird. I was gonna say black husband. Look, She just seems like I don know. Hey, I'm just saying, dude, look. So you're talking, bro. You mean jailbird.


That's crazy, dude. That is not, that's crazy. And I know you mean jail bird. That is not funny, Caleb. Dude, That's crazy. That's not what I meant. It's well, definitely seemed like that. Was it? Was it guys and girls in Mississippi jail or Just guys? Yeah, there was some men in there. There was one. I don't wanna say there was one, like a first round pick. You know what I'm saying? Like a, there was like a, like a ERs Huh? Paige ERs type? No, there was like, there was, there might've been a woman in there. You know, it's don't ask don't tell in there brother. Too Much other stuff to do. Yeah, it's definitely, yeah, while I am like begging people for burlap underwear there, like how do I get to those spike strips so I can put 'em around me, bullet hole around me.


Do you know? And, and then I, I just need two spike strips at the top of under Pains. Okay. Can you help me, officer?


It's officially the best time of the year for Hoops fans, playoff, drama, buzzer, beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out Pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping Better payouts than pick six. And that's 25 times your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at 500 times the bag in your pocket. That's right. I like pick six. I'll get on there and I'll pick Walker Bueller with more than five and a half strikeouts for the Boston Red Sox. Or you can get on there and pick Tyrese. What? The Halliburton with over 21 and a half points. DraftKings Pick six. The playoffs are on. So why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings Pick six app Right now and use code Theo. That's code THEO to play $5 and get $50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, Bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See Terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


You know, I've been telling you guys about Moon Pay for a while now. Right? Moon Pay gets you involved in crypto. That's how to do it. Moon pay powers the entire world of crypto. Some people say they are the PayPal of crypto because just like you could use PayPal to buy anything on the internet, now you can use Moon Pay to buy anything in crypto. Now here's where it gets really interesting. Moon Pay is partnered with Ledger, one of the best hardware wallets in the game. Now you can store your crypto on your ledger securely and still buy and trade with Moon Pay Ledger takes crypto security to the next level with their top notch hardware wallets. It's like having a personal vault for your digital assets, giving you peace of mind, knowing your crypto is safe and sound. Remember, while Moon Pay makes buying crypto straightforward, it's essential to do your own research and understand the risks involved. Crypto trading can be volatile and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is a tool to facilitate your transactions. Not a source of financial advice. Neither am I Trade responsibly.


This show is sponsored by Liquid IV. I know. Straight up when I'm feeling dehydrated, dehydrated, I go to Liquid IV right there. I like that sugar free packet that they got. I put it in my water. I I take my water. Pour a little bit of my water out. Put in that packet. Shake that thing up. Bam. Daddy is doused talking about liquid IV. Yep. I like those sugar free flavors in my preference. Like raspberry lemonade, white peach and rainbow sugar bird. That's how I like to do it. That's my ritual. And you can break the mold and start your own ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone. Three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Talking about Liquid IV. Get ready for summer with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code theo at Liquid IV dot com.


Anyway, I feel like we're bombing today. Do you bombing? Yeah. No. In think we're doing good. I don't know about that. I'm having a fun time. Yeah, me too man. It's good to see you. I just, it's great to see you. I'm trying to think if I'll see you again. Sorry. Ever. You texted me the other day you said, Hey man, just did you die? What'd you say? I don't know. Your texts are hilarious. You're a funny guy. You're my funniest friend. That's, I wish you'd write back then because it seems like you don't care. But that's me. I'm kind of, I'm very needy. Sometimes I feel bad. I know who I've been ducking on accident is bizzle. You have been on Accident.


Yeah. Every time I come to Nashville I'm like, let's get some food. He's like, all right, I'm down. It's hard dude. It's so hard, Dude. As you get older and you have more, you have and you have friends, you gotta see. But you also have work. You have work and you're there for, it's not on vacation. You're there for work and you get tired after work. Oh yeah, dude. Bad mood after work. Oh yeah, dude. Talk about bombing. Sometimes I bomb really on my work. Sometimes I feel like I do On your show. We're both self-critical people. I feel like, Oh dude, if I fucking saw me somewhere, I'd walk across the street. People are always like, dude, if you saw yourself, you give yourself a hug. You be like, if I saw myself, I'm not even joking, I'd be like, God, look at that. Desperate.


Yeah, that's what I would say, dude. But then I would go, he's pretty funny. Yeah. Redeeming quality. Yeah. Sorry, I shouldn't say that first part. That's horrible dude. No. I'd be like, God, what the fuck is up with that dude? Man, he's, he's pretty funny. But what the fuck? And that would fucking, and then I get into a Mazda mi fucking drive off and talk to my husband. Like I, I guess I don't know that whole story. You said, will you say something? Dude, I'm tired of saying everything. What'd you want me to say? Dude? Who knocked up that little McNugget? Boy, that's what I wanna know. I don't know. She bought, I don't know if this is public or not, but guess it's about to be.


She bought somebody a Hellcat. She won $50,000. She did. And I think she spent it all, but she got a hellcat out of it. And it wasn't even for her. She's really a nice person. She was thinking about other people. She's so funny. First of all, I do wanna say that. She's So funny. All these girls, not all of them, most of these girls, they casted these girls perfectly. Oh, Dr. He's the best at ca. He's the best at like organizing that type of stuff. But yeah, she, that lady, she got that little, that her, I mean that pussy boneless, you know that she got that boneless pussy. You know what I'm talking about Dude, she got, she that little fucking wiggle baby. That thing. A wiggle boy. She, I think she had, we had, he had a mini me just got a mini me on set and I think he and her also linked up.


So that could be his child as well. Oh hell yeah. They gonna give birth to a little ottoman. You know what I'm saying? One of the, yeah. Gonna get birthed at him, bro. Oh bro. God. She is beautiful though. Caleb Pressley. Dude. What's going on dude? Should we start? Yeah, let's start, man. What's been happening? Good to see you today. It's Good to see you. No, what's been going on with me, dude, just running a, this company is not, I wouldn't say it's hard and I do enjoy it. I wouldn't say it's easy or hard, but it's a time consuming. Yeah. So I've been working, I wouldn't say really hard. I would say really often.


Really often, really often figuring out how to like, just organize like basic stuff that I just have no clue what I'm doing. Yeah. And probably making a lot of mistakes and stuff like that, but, oh, do you, I mean, do you handle that kinda stuff for your business? I mean, you have a, you run a business. Yeah. I mean, a lot of stuff you have to do yourself. I think because you are, you wanted a certain way, it's like, like you kind of know how things need to be. So it's like, Which is tough because I do that for Sunday, but by Sunday is like three minutes long. Yeah. This is two hours. Yeah. I just want to, I, I, and I like to be be reminded of what goes on. I like to, sometimes I'll look back and be like, how could I maybe have done things a little bit different?


I think you always just wanna do a little bit better. Right. I think. Right. And then you're like, well how are things evolving? Like in podcasting or whatever job you're in, you wanna try to be like on the future of it a little bit. Yeah, A hundred percent. So, but yeah, I think you have, yeah. It's like, I think when you work for yourself or or work with people in a small group, you, you have to, you have to stay pretty hands on. Like if you started letting somebody else edit your episode, it's impossible. Be impossible's possible. I have a editor, Tom, who's great, but we've worked together for so many years now and we correspond. I mean, we go through notes and notes and it's a huge process. And even he, if he was left to his own devices, he would do a great job on the episode.


It would be great. Maybe people wouldn't even know. But I would, to me it's like I would, there's certain things I just like him the way I like him and he's great. 'cause he's like, he doesn't have an ego. I feel like a lot of everyone has egos. I mean, he's just like a nice gem of a person. But when you're corresponding in on some creative, and I'm giving notes, do this, do this. It would be really easy to be offended if you're, he's a really creative guy. Right. You know, so it's like if you're a creative person, you have your own ideas of how you want things done and he has his own ideas, he can provide those. But then he also doesn't get butt hurt if I'm saying. I don't think that's good. Yeah. Which is, I think it's such a rare find. Oh, I think you're right. And I think also a big thing is that editors, I mean, let's give a round of applause for editors.


Dude. Yes They are. 'cause people are just yelling at 'em. Yep. No one appreciate, they're like the long snappers of media. Oh yeah. Oh, if you saw an editor across the street and you were walking by, you'd be like, oh, look at this. Desperate. Then you just get into your car and go meet your husband. Do they? No. Ask. They are, they are. They're the icebergs of our planet really kind of thing. They're out there by themselves and yeah, they're involved with cold water, but nobody thinks about 'em like that. Yeah. Everybody just thinks like they're about to sink a ship.


Think about that being iceberg. The only thing they're known for basically is every now and then. Like somebody sees a pair of polar bear on one of them. But really the thing they're known for most is sinking that boat. Isn't that crazy? The one thing that can be your whole life can give you just into one thing. One moment. Yeah. I was thinking about that yesterday. Just how one, well, this is actually a bad example, but I was thinking about, I was reading an article about, from, from a while back, it was about Morgan won because it's getting ready for his episode. And there's a part in it with p diddy and PD at the time was like, yo, we gotta stop canceling people. He was like, vouching for wall. He's like, we gotta start, stop canceling people.


We gotta give people second chances. He was like saying like everything that, like probably he hoped he was, he probably knew he was doing some bad shit. He was like putting it, starting to spread the word. Like, we gotta make sure we can't just like look upon people negatively. I was like, damn. But you do one bad thing. He probably did it, you know, a few times or whatever. But they, that's how people know you probably forever. Oh, Diddy, I would hear some crazy stuff, dude. I would hear like, he would have a a, I heard this one story that he, like I had a buddy of his, he, he would send 'em to like nice restaurants and he would, if, if he saw a pretty girl in the restaurant on a date, he would have his buddy take a phone, FaceTime phone, give it to the girl and be like, Hey, you leave this date Right now.


I'll buy you this and this. You get outta here. Meet me at the, or maybe not even sometimes meet up with them, but just get them to leave a place. So, 'cause it was like some type of a control thing. That's what I heard. Do I believe that? Yes. You know, That's, I mean, that's not that crazy I guess, but I don't believe, but you know, but I believe a lot of stuff, you know. But that's kind of a crazy thing. Imagine you're sitting there with your date, a guy you don't know who's probably a tough guy. Yeah. Walks up and says, Hey you're, you have a call and then it's Diddy. Yeah, it's Diddy. Right. And he's abusing somebody in the background. He takes a break from that allegedly abusing somebody.


Mm. And then, yeah, he's like, Hey, if you leave and then the guy's trying to escape his room. A guy or woman's trying to escape and he fucking throws something at him, throws a Grammy at him or whatever. Right. And he is like, shake your tail feather. And he fucking whips the Grammy or an Emmy at the back of the guy's head, guy's bleeding now or whatever. But he's like, Hey, okay. Did this happen to you, didn't it? No, It didn't happen to me. Date you all. But he's just like, Hey, if you, I'm gonna get you a couple Birkin bags if you leave Right now, Dude, I would leave man. Would You? I don, I don't know date. I mean, just being at dinner for too long stresses me out. Oh. That's the worst I get to do. My thing now is I'll get to check before the food comes.


Yeah. Because you can stay in the restaurant once. You pay as long as you want. Yeah. But you can't leave if you don't pay. Yep. So I'll be like, Bring the check first. Bring the check first I order. Bring the fucking check. Sometimes I'll leave then I don't even really wanna fucking be here. I could make a smoothie at home. Yeah. Get your rocks off. Just pay that check. Yeah. I pay that check. I'll tip that guy. Are you a good tipper? I am. You are. I think I am. I I like doing it. Yeah. I feel good about it, you know, also, I make fair, you know, I make good money. So it'd be, it'd be weird if I didn't tip good. I feel like. Right. But yeah, I think it's fun. I Just don't, I don't understand people who are don't. At least 20%. I feel like that's, yeah, I get, I get the argument I guess for people being like, well they didn't do anything.


Damn. But at the same time, like, that's their job. Yeah. You, you knew when you went in there. You, yeah. Like it's kind of on you that they, you know, you're paying them for nothing. Fuck. What were we talking about just a second ago? Greta? Is this a real interview? Th Thornberg. I feel like I'm back on your show. Don't say that man. Don't say that. Dude. We should make a separate episode of Sunday out of this. What if you could, you cut together a bonus episode of Sunday outta this, you think? Yeah. Easily. Not easily be fucking really hard. But That's what's amazing about your show. You go in there, you sit in there, a couple things come up. You accuse people of something, you make a face or two, you don't know if you have bell's pals or if you're asking a question and then, and then you send me home.


You send somebody home. I know e every time we wrap up the, everyone's like, yeah, because I don't shoot it like this. I don't shoot like a free flowing conversation because I know how it's gonna edit. So I just like, that's a waste of time to even do all those segues and, and middlemen parts of the conversation. I skip right to the meet. Yeah. It's a very awkward conversation. Oh, It's a good point. You do. You do skip right to the meet dude. What do you, yeah. Do you think Diddy, what do you think happened there With Diddy? Well they said, you know with that Diddy thing they said they just found they were spicing the baby oil. Do you see that? No. Bring it up. Spiced Baby oil Diddy spiced baby oil.


Sean Diddy Combs baby oil was allegedly laced with date rape drug. The allegations against Sean Diddy. He did Combs continued amount while the rapper has been in jail since September. Arrest faces charges of sex trafficking in a recent slew of filings obtained by E News. One plaintiff identified as Jane Doe in the docks alleges the baby oil found in Combs house was laced with Rohypnol or GHP, which often referred to as the date rape drug. Wow. Or also referred to as an hor d'oeuvre. If you're going to see Rufuss de Soul. But dude, who, that's What I'm saying. Who's drinking baby oil? Nobody. They're rubbing it on and it goes into their skin like That.


Oh it gets into their skin. Yeah. Is that really a thing? They stuff can go into your body, through your body? That I don't know buddy. Because Think about all the things that go on your skin. Oh, totally. I mean like is my shirt going into my skin? Yeah. In some ways. Well they say there's some, they say that cotton used to like, it used to be better for our skin. And then we started using all these synthetic products and that's why a lot of people, some people believe that like some of the synthetic products could be especially wrapped around your genitalia. Like your underpants could be causing a lot of issues in the world. Really? Like causing like autism or like if You're I the anus thing with the anus and the scrotum or whatever.


Or getting shorter. Is it really? I don't know. I just listened to Joe Rogan say that The Permium or whatever it's called. Yes. The Permium. Wow. Great word by you. The pers getting shorter. Shrinking. They need to put some fucking Christmas trees out there because the coastline in Louisiana is fucking disappearing. And every year they come get our Christmas tree, dude. What do you mean Coastline? There's a beach in Louisiana. I Call it a beach dude. Okay. I've never thought about that in my life, but I'll say I never thought there'd be about a beach in Louisiana. I'll say this, if you put your hair under water down there and home, it comes up Corn road. I'll say that dude. Okay. You'll have a little crab at the end of it. Just figuring that shit out bro. So it definitely has powers in the water. I don't know. I don't think there's a beach.


Yeah, right. Look up that. Does our underpants put Look up non look up non-con underpants causing mental disorder. This just says cotton underwear Make a difference even if it's ugly. That's not, I don't care about the style brother. Nevermind. This is the worst. That was a wild ride. This is the worst interview I've ever been. M no it's not dude. Dude. Keep believing in yourself. Okay. Sorry. You're We're doing Good. You're right. We're doing good. We just haven't talked about anything important or Yeah, That's kind Of haven't, I guess, said we haven't said anything really of any significance. We haven't said anything.


No, we haven't said anything. No, we should be talking about something. Well, when you start to think about being like, 'cause now that you're doing your own thing, do you feel like you're more capable to do something new? Like tell me about something like branching out on your own, like the fears of it and stuff like that and Yeah. Do you think it would be okay? Do you think it would fail? Like did you have any real fears about it? Because I think a lot of people work with somebody or under an umbrella and then they go out and do their own thing. Yeah, I think, well the thing that was how Barstow was set up was Dave is very hands off. So he doesn't tell you what you should be doing when you start doing what you're doing doesn't talk to you. You really just go complete non-communication with him a hundred percent of the time.


What that culture breeds I think is like a kind of a entrepreneurial spirit. I guess the people who are successful there at Barstool, because you have to be, and they have the resources, obviously they're taking the risk on you by paying your salary 'cause they're gonna pay you if your content sucks or if your brand loses the brand deal or whatever. Like every two weeks you're getting paid. So they're taking that chance. And obviously if you do well they have the upside facts. But it's really, it's a place where I was able to kind of, they had, they gave me the resources, but I was able to kind of build out, you know, I started working with Tom, who's my editor and we worked together for years. Developed a comradery of my producer Kelsey.


We've met, like we started working together, developed comradery. So we had to make my own little business inside of Barstool. Right. So going out and doing my own thing really was pretty much exactly the same. 'cause I already had my business inside of Barstool. Oh yeah. Inside of the bigger business. Oh yeah. But I would like to do some other stuff out outside of Sunday conversation. I don't know what I mean. How was your movie experience? I've heard them. It's kind of boring shooting a Movie. Oh yeah. It's boring. I Like be, I like the revolutions I can do on Sunday. I can put out one Sunday a week. It's a lot of work to get out once week, but we can do it. And then it's like you move on to the next thing. If like you had a stinker, you can still move on and have a good one the next week.


Yeah. And things happen so fast now too. Yeah. How I even consume, how everyone consumes content is like, it's So fast. It's like, you know, in the first couple seconds, do I wanna keep watching this or not? And sometimes it's interesting, it's like something will pique your interest and sometimes it can be the same thing on the next day and it will not pique your interest, but then two days later it'll pique your interest again. Yeah. I think it's very fascinating. I, and I'm sure there's a lot of like coding as stuff. They're figuring that out and they just keep hooking you or finding different ways to hook you. It's kind of crazy though. You'll go down some rabbit holes and with the algorithm and the algorithm can lead you to do some crazy stuff. Like what? Like do want to do crime? I'll say you like wanna do crime because the algorithm's like, oh yeah, I saw you mingle it over there.


You want another hit of the fucking smack, huh? Yeah. I mean, Did they, you want another fucking couple of hot doses of fucking Gaza core? Charlie, Charlie Kirk. Oh yeah. Jesus Christ. Next thing you know. Yeah. It gets, it just gets crazy and then you're just choking out your neighbor dude. Yeah, I, I do feel like especially Twitter X especially X feeds me stuff. I don't want to see like the algorithm. It builds out just like you're saying. If you like do doom scrolling or whatever, you're on your phone for too long. It's not that long before you're seeing stuff. You don't, I don't relate to it at all. Yeah. It's like, imagine if there's just a wheel somewhere, you could spin it. Yeah. But one of the options are 11 out of 14 of the options were bankruptcy, violence, machete attacks, Racism.


At least on Instagram, if you do it for a long time, you end up with boobs. Yeah. If you stay outta Instagram for a long, long time, you end up at boobs. Oh yeah, you do. Well Twitter, you end up at some bee holes or whatever and like Christmas bee holes and all that. I'm like Christmas. I'm like, it's Christmas. Can you do at least two days a year without be holes on Twitter? That is, I I don't know. They gotta, dude, I feel so bad for the kids growing up. How much porn you, dude, you don't have AdChoices in life. If you wanna watch Choice porn, don't no AdChoices. Right. We used to have AdChoices at least like you used To have the choice, You bike to get it or whatever. Now you Yeah. You Ha it's, it's insane. It's insane. It's very sad. Be a crime one.


It should be a crime. Yeah. One kid just came out and said he found his sister on OnlyFans and it broke his heart. You see that video, man? It's pretty sad. You. I don't wanna show it 'cause they're, they're children, but it's just crazy to see people don't even think about that. Dude, I saw a stat. It was I think one in every 12, one in 12 girls or phone Thing on OnlyFans. But is that a lie? Let's look it up. What percentage of women are on on OnlyFans? I mean, that's nuts. That's nuts. But there's so much money. And if you, I guess if you just wanna make money, you don't care about anything else in the world besides making money, bad way to live. About 2% of young women are selling themselves on OnlyFans. Go back. Go to that number five.


Number four. What date is that? That's 2023. Find me something similar that's updated if you can gimme some updated information. What percentage? Like everything just feels like my wits end. My axle just broke on my fricking cyber truck. No way. Yeah, I park dude. I was like, it feels like it's weird turning. I go look the fucking les's broken. Dude. This is a bad question. What is that Cyber truck? It's an axle. Oh, axle. It's like, it is a brand. I can't it like, like man, this guy bring it outta this fucking dude. Couldn't Is it like this? Yeah, it's like a That's what It sounds like. Is this? Yes, it's like that.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like a lower joist. Are you good? Like handy stuff? Huh? Can You do that? I could. I mean, I got pissed immediately when I saw it. You know what I, I knew. I knew it. You know, I knew that I, I knew that that's where it was gonna be for the rest of the day. I, I saw it. It ain't changing. Uhuh. Do you ever get under a car? Oh yeah, dude. Oh, I'll tell you this. So I used to have a Ford escort, right? And this bitch would fucking go, dude, sometimes it would take off, right? You'd be in it right. This before they had self-driving cars or whatever, but it was just the throttle Or Whatever was just loose or unloose or whatever. I don't remember what it was. Tighter, loose. And that bitch, you'd park it, dude, it would go like an extra 12 feet after you got out that bitch.


It would just, it would, it would do a jolt and rev it had a thing. It have like this kind of civil war feature or whatever. But after you got out, sometimes it would, there would be a combustion and then it would out of the back catalytic converter out of the exhaust pipe. So my buddy Bo would always go stand back there. And then he'd be like, oh, just pretend like you got shot every time. Yeah, dude. You know that on your I today when I was coming over to the house on your Google Maps is your truck, like, it shows your house and it shows your truck and it shows you in It. Nuh, You're on your Google Maps. Really? If you type in your address, which we won't say no, We won't say, dude, You're on there.


It just, What Am I doing? I'm just going by taking pics. Oh, well it's very scary, dude. Things get scary these days. I saw, I saw a video of myself the other day just driving. Somebody drove alongside for probably 30 seconds just filming me. Really? So, yeah, it just, it's okay. But it just, you're like, it starts to make you super paranoid. How was Bridgestone doing two nights there or two day two shows? That's, that's awesome. Or does it feel just like a normal show? I'll just ask because it's here in Nashville. It felt like a mix. I think I, I, it's just been a long year so everything almost starts to feel the same time sometimes. But I was excited that, that a lot of people I knew were going, I did the shows longer than usual. I, I probably should have tightened it up a little bit, but I just wanted to be up there.


You know, I was trying to think of things to thank people or trying to localize stuff if I could at certain points. Yeah. Just, I mean, you just couldn't even believe, you know, I remember the first show that I ever went to over there was, who's that guy? It's Oh, Gwen Stefani's husband. And after the show, my buddy Eddie was filming me and he's like, you gonna play here one day? And I was like, I'm not playing here, dude, you're outta your mind. And then so he sent me that video about a week ago. No way. It's pretty cool. That is cool. It really is cool. Yeah. I mean, just bonkers. So I think that was fun. I, I thought the shows went pretty good. So I I was glad that everybody came out and laughed.


I was just like, yeah, you just want it to go good. Because also that's a show. You have to see those people around town. Yeah. Or you have to wonder if everybody you ran into could've been one of those people that was at that show. And so that was one part that was really exciting about it man. And you were going up against Metallica. Oh, That's true. Huh? Yeah. Which is pretty good that people just something Wrong. Something's right. Who you. Right, right. Dude, everyone Imagine having an opportunity to go see Metallica in choosing to go see you. Oh my God. That's true. So these black, I was like, come on dude. Wow.


Oh man, you're right about that dude. I got to come see you in, I got to come watch you in Cork. Oh yeah. Cork Ireland. Ireland. That was fun. I forgot about that. That was fun. That was cool, wasn't it? That was fun. My buddy's wedding, my buddy Scotty's in town tonight, they're going to see Rufuss de all. No way. Yeah. I thought about having him come by the house, but my truck broke down. I cried for a little bit and I got kind of scared and I just hurried back home. Yeah. The axle one bad axle dude. Oh dude. What do you think about Bill Belichick's girlfriend? What's the word down there? Because he lives in Florida, doesn't he? He lives in I think Nantucket where, or obviously Chapel Hill now, but Okay.


North Florida, whatever, north Florida. But he's gonna your alma mater. Yeah. And it's, it's kind of crazy. I mean it's like People are talking about the program, so that's a positive. Right? Well to me, college football is 100000% about the players. I mean all football is, but especially college football. And I think Kim Cumming, we got a big budget increase for what we were willing to give NIL players or, or NIL money for like guys for recruits. So you think boosters hit followed him? I, I think that we really raised a lot of money. I don't know what the figure is, but I, I wanna say it was like 30 million bucks or something. It was like, kind of like the, and I don't know if that includes coaches or what, but it was, it was a huge figure that you would think we would be able to go out and get like five star quarterback, five star whatever.


And I haven't seen us signing any five stars yet. Mm. But that could just be the period of the year we're in. And my thing is, if he signs those five year five stars, it doesn't matter about his girlfriend. And if he doesn't sign those five stars, it doesn't matter about his girlfriend because we're gonna be asked no matter what his girlfriend says. I mean, that's the truth. Do we have to sign good players and pay them? Yeah. Dude, I thought that Nico, I'm a Tennessee football fan for college. I mean obviously I played at Carolina, so I root for Carolina as well, but Tennessee is who I grew up on and they didn't pay Nico or that's a story. They didn't pay their quarterback. He wanted like $4 million is the story and they're giving him two. And so they said get outta here.


I think it's crazy. I think pay, pay him. Everyone was on Tennessee's side, right. Everyone thought Nico's an idiot. And maybe that's true, but to me, I would've liked to see Tennessee just pay up. He's a freshman. He took you his red, his real freshman year. He beat Clemson in the first time he ever played in the whatever, orange Bowl or something. Yeah. And then last year was his red share freshman year. And he took Tennessee to the playoffs. And this guy's, in my opinion, gonna be the number one overall draft pick. And they're talking about 2 million bucks with him. He probably makes a hundred million dollars for the university. Yeah. Him being on the field, having a good team playoff, competitive. I mean, you've been down there. Oh, it's unbelievable down there. People were certainly excited about him the year before. I remember, remember when he got in in the bowl game the year before?


Didn't he have to play the bowl game? Yeah. Clemson, he beat Clemson. Right. So people were stoked. They're like, put him in, you know? Yeah. Everybody was excited. Even that year when they were losing to Georgia. Yeah. Late in the season, they're like, put him in. I think he was like the number one overall pit or recruit. People were excited and he did well. And you're right. He's only one year. You can't, you know, you can't expect guys just to, or maybe now people can, people are saying now though, here, I think this is it. People are saying now, well, we're putting our money in, we better get a return on it fast. Right. That's so I think that's part, that part of the mindset probably doesn't help the whole equation. Right. But a lot of these guys, lane Kiffin was telling 'em, you go through one section of the portal time and then they haven't even played any ball yet.


There's another portal period. And they're like, you know what? You gave us 2 million. We want 4 million. Like, we haven't Done anything. It's insane. They, they had to fix it. College football is fucked Right now. So that's pretty crazy that the fact that that's happening, you know, dude, they Got rid of walk-ons. There's no more walk-ons in college football. Like I was a, I walked on to the University of North Carolina and my Yeah, You were loitering. They said, I also, one of the, an interview of the former coach said this guy was loitering. Yeah. They hated me while I was there. But dude, there's no walk-ons anymore. Like our team, our best, maybe not our best players, but our team captain, some of our best players we're walk-ons. Like I came in with the, my class of of fellow guys, every single one of 'em went on to win a scholarship.


Get a scholarship. A lot of 'em went to NFL. Yeah. And it's like, they were like the meat of the team or the, the glue of the team. And they don't even have that anymore because they, they had to cut the roster down. They gotta pay all these guys. And that's sad to me. Is that true? Has NIL Google that? Please. Has NIL eliminated the possibility of walk-ons or lowered the number of walk-ons on teams? I Think it's, I think they don't even do it anymore. I really don't think they even take walk-ons. I think it's the, the death of the walk-on athlete. Okay. Yes. The new NCA roster limits, including the house settlement, have effectively reduced the number of walk-on opportunities in college sports, particularly football, while teams still have non-scholarship players walk-ons.


The total roster size is capped at 1 0 5. Significantly reducing the space for them. Wow. So the movie Hoosiers, years from now, people will watch Hoosiers and be like, who the fuck is that dude, Rudy? Yeah. But it won't even understand like what the Yeah, Yeah. It's, it's, it is sad man. And then Oh, it is, it definitely takes away a lot of the heart of it. Well, Dude, also, just like, I just had such a awesome positive experience being in the locker room for four years with the same guys going through it. You have these big aspirational dreams you're gonna make to see the field, never see the field. But you're, you're, you had a, I had a great time. And that doesn't happen anymore. Not only 'cause there's not walk-ons, but also because they, there's no, they don't.


Why would you cultivate a backup if you're the coach? If he's just about to transfer on your ass Soon as the season's over, your starter's probably gonna transfer. These guys are playing on a different team every year. Sometimes two teams per year. So like, there's no country, there's no locker room vibe. They're all just like trying to get, get the cash. There has to be a way people are acting like, well we had it better back then and now it's like totally destroyed. It's like, is there no creative problem solving to figure out how we can get these guys some cash? And also like, is there no middle ground here that we can work with? They ha like can they just, okay, you have to stay, you can sit out. The argument has always been you can't transfer.


Yeah. And then you have to sit outta a here. That's how it used to be. Now you can transfer and play immediately. I think you should have to sit outta here. And they say, well yeah. 'cause that'll hold 'em off. They should. That's how it used to be. Right. Because you gotta, so then you have to put your, at least you, you gotta show up for where you are. Yeah. And then the argument against it was, well, coaches can just leave and then you know, you're left with a coach that you didn't really sign up to play for. Well then make an exception. And if that's a coach leaves, then you can go, Then you can do it. People are acting like these. It's like, it's a pretty simple, But then this will start to happen. A coach will leave and he'll make a deal with the players and then the player will follow him. It'll be like a deal that they make. Yeah. Which is, which is what's wrong with that. Right. That's part of the deal. That's part of the deal if, if those are his players.


Yeah. So yeah, I think there's a lot obviously even us trying to look at it, there's a lot of little sides to it man. Yeah. But you're right. It does start to, it starts to kind of break the heart of the fan. You know? 'cause you're kind of the one that loses in the end is just the value of being a fan. It all just becomes this kind of capitalist thing. But for years, those places, the universe was making so much money and they weren't even setting aside, like set aside the money for 10 years later. Every player gets some money. You know what I'm saying? Like right. There should be money. It's like maybe You don't give it to 'em now, but you five years from now, they're gonna get paid. You know? Right. Or when they graduate or when they're done at college, you know? Yeah. But there's, there just has to be a way and it does it. Sports fans, I mean, I grew up Tennessee football fan, SEC football.


There's no fans like that because in the NFL you can't go. You can't play for the team or go to the team In college, you can go to that school. You can, like if you're a fan, you went to the school. Yeah. You can't go to the Packers, you know what I'm saying? Like you just fucking, you go to the game. But you go to that school, you spend four years of your life there. Like that's your team. Yeah. You knocked your spouse up there. Yeah. You know, you vomited on your buddy there. You guys accidentally touched each other there. Yeah. Right. It didn't, it was an accident. Some of you guys say you hit a speed bump going really fast in a truck. People don't usually come during that, but hey, you know what I'm saying? That's what you get from going to Mississippi State.


Yeah. But what I'm trying to say Here, it's in Starkville, it's ass bro. Have you been there? No. Don't Play that dude. Dude, they in. Somebody invited me there and I couldn't even find it. I looking for pictures. I had to text Hardy. Dude, what's in Starkville is Hardee's. Yeah. And that's all that's there, dude. It's a long drawn silvers and a Hardee's Dude. Hardee's, and I hate to say this, but it's the truth. It's just a Carls Jr that came out of the closet. That's all. It's bring that up. Does Hardee's own Carls Jr. What's the other one that's like that? Oh, the Hillstone and what's that good restaurant called? Oh honey I wouldn't know. Hardee's. Yes. Hardee's is owned by the same company as Carl's Junior bitch. Okay. What is the reason for not having 'em?


Just the same Name. I don't say I didn't go to college. That's all I'm saying. That's because she would hear my neighborhood growing up. Multiple choice. Oh dude. Oh you don't fucking think Hardy's is owned by Carls Jr. I will fucking choke the semen outta your throat honey. Re like, whoa, this is crazy. What do you say to people who say childhood asthma isn't real?


This episode is brought to you by select quote, life insurance can have a huge impact on our family's future. With select quote, getting covered with the right policy for you is simple and affordable. Select quotes, licensed insurance agents will tailor your experience to find a life insurance policy for your needs in as little as 15 minutes. And select quote partners with carriers that provide policies for many conditions. Select quote, they shop you save. Go to select quote.com/spotify pod today to get started.


A lot of people are getting their tax refunds right about now. You know what? The only thing better than getting your refund is getting two refunds. That's right. This May Acorns is giving you a chance to get your refund matched and invested in you. That's correct. I love Acorns. You know there's a lot of financial gurus and opportunities and wizardry that's passed through our podcast. But Acorns is, it's about savings. I get it. And it's very simple. It's just teaching you how to save. And it kind of makes it enticing, especially for children. You know, I got my nieces and nephews all locked up with their Acorns. So you're just harboring some nuts away for winter. That's what it is. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. And don't forget, sign up for Acorns now and you could be one of 100 people to get your tax refund matched. Just Download the Acorns app and sign up with Code THEO 20. That's right. THE O2 zero for your chance to get your refund matched and invested in you opening us C League residents are 18 plus more prohibited. See rules and alternative method of entry at Acorns. Do com slash contest and promotions. Paid client endorsement compensation provided incentive to positively promote Acorns Tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns Advisors, llc, and Register investment advisor. You import cultures at Acorns dot com slash THEO.


We all love hacks, right? You love a hack, knock knock. Who's there A hack? Oh, I love you. We all like hacks. Like getting the neighborhood kid who mows your lawn to wash your car too. Hey buddy. While you're at it or teaching your dog to use the toilet. Yeah, he can do it. You've gotta be smart to know a hack. And if you're smart, you probably know about Visible. The wireless that lets you live in the know Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspot so you can stay connected or on the go. And it's powered by Verizon Visible runs on Verizon's 5G network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection, ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plans starting at $25 a month. For our best features, get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details.


Dude, what's your best fun fact like that? I got a good one. I Got a good one, dude. Alright, you go, go. You go, you go. Well I knew that. Well I, there was a, a strong awareness over the years that people that had suffered from Down Syndrome couldn't. That they weren't Bipo. Not bipedal. What is it? They wouldn't, they couldn't walk backwards. Right. And some lady what Is Wait, wait, wait. That people with Down Syndrome could not walk backwards. They can't. They cannot. That's that was what everybody was saying. Okay. A woman trained a young, like a one of these young warriors to do it. A woman sent me a video though with, with somebody doing it. And then I guess that per that, I don't know if they can, if everybody can do it, but this kid is definitely, he's basically the Michael Jackson of Down Syndrome people.


Like, I mean he, So he can walk backwards and he's the only one. I think that there's rumor that, that, that, that, that, that, that this person wants that, that, that, that, that. Alright, I got one. I Got one. What am I doing today? I got one. Can you hear me? Even I got one. I think it's this Winnipeg Jets. Yeah. Take that off man. Huh? There's nothing on Here dude. Take it off, bro. Whoa. Speed bump come dude. All right, I got it going. Okay. Alright. Do you know what the, I probably said this to you before, you probably know the answer 'cause I told it to you, but do you know what the number one product, se number one top selling product is at Walmart every single year? Walmart's obviously like the biggest store. So best product. Biggest product at the biggest store every year.


It's the same product they sell the most of. Oh my God, girl. I don't know. Let me think. You told me this and I still do know, not know. I did tell you didn't I? And I still don't know though. Yeah, you hang out with me for three hours. You're hearing this one. This Is good. I like this. I'm gonna say paper or no, hold on. Lemme think a little bit more. Let me give you a hint. Don't, don't look at me like that. Alright. So think about like hu like evolution or human nature. Like what we really, where we come from and what we really like.


Lemme Think where we come from and what we really like. Where we come from. What do we really like? We like chocolate. We like now it's a food. It is Number one thing they buy every year. Every year. Bananas. Is it really? 40 11. Oh, Bananas are the number one thing. It's just so, I just like that fact And people say we didn't evolve from primates cities. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Rob. So you say what you want, dude, we're buying bananas is our number one purchase. Shoot as shoot homie me. Let's look at a news article.


What happened? Anything in the news? Riley Mao. Oh, Riley Mouses here dude. Can you have some waters for us? Riley? I'll take a cell. I mean this is cool with me unless you want one. Yeah, No, I'd just love to have a water. Usually we have him out here. Riley. I was not aware. Ofs. What do you mean? You, you've worked on his, you've definitely worked on at least 7, 6 50 episodes of this show. Yeah. Riley told me before he told you about his, his coming. And I Riley Mals here. Let's get a gander at him first. Man. We gotta put these heady on Riley. Huh? How you doing? Huh? Good. What's going on with you brother? We got Caleb Pressley here to talk to you today.


Ask you a couple of questions. I know you're haven't spoken to you in in eight months. Yeah, it's been a minute. Nice. Riley, what kind of, what kind of car is your truck? It's a Hyundai. Santa Cruz. Ooh. Japanese or not Japanese. Hi Hyundai. Hyundai is Japanese and Santa Cruz is California. Have you been noticed? I know that you, you had a, you told me, and I think you've said it publicly now that you came, right? I Have. Well guys, let's don't just say that. I mean, 'cause people don't know that he Riley was he? He hadn't ejaculated until what age did you finally get that out of you?


Rally 25. Wow. The unre yellow egg. They called him. Huh? That little wagon, that little baby quail over that boy un bustle Did. So what's happened since then? Ri have you been go back, are you back at the not coming or are you now? Are you just constantly coming? But Hold on before you answer that. I do wanna say this. He didn't even come to any music when it happened the first time. Did you Ry? No. No. And how much came out? I'm not trying to be graphic. I actually don't. Is that too much? Huh? I'll tell you this, he had to buy smaller shoes after.


So enough to now enough to make him really uncomfortable in his current Crocs, Bro. I mean 25 years. Where was it going? Where was it going? 'cause I know for a fact I don't care if he's lying or not about, I think he's lying about everything. But even if he's not lying, I know that the human body makes like 3 billion sperms a day or something crazy. Yeah. Which means that his body was either not making 'em, he had a broken body or he was making those things and they were having to go somewhere. Yep. Would You poop 'em out? I don't go into your other parts of your body If you have that much. I'm sure some a lit, some of it has to get back there. You can't pee it out because that's coming.


That's ejaculating. Yeah. Yep. That's cheating. So where was it going? Do you feel like you know where it went? Ri Could you feel a certain part of your body felt different other than your genitals after you came? Yeah. Like did you ever wake up in the morning? It felt like you'd already eaten or whatever. Did you feel just like, did you ever, like, did you ever wake up in the morning and feel full for no reason? No. Dude, here's a similar fact. I saw this. I saw that if you hold in a poot for too long a fart that it will come outta your mouth. Really? If You hold it in for too long, it will come out of your mouth. Oh my God, girl. Well I've always heard that a PO is just a gay belch.


I've always heard that. Yeah. I mean kind of. Oh, a fart is just a gay belch. I Mean, dude, imagine. Oh, I don't even want to talk about it. That's gross. But a lot of dudes save him like that. They know they're gonna belch or whatever, but they've been married for a long time. They're like, I'm gonna swallow that one and hit her with it later. You know? Gross. I'm gonna toss that one into it while she's dreaming at night. Gross. A lot of guys are like that guys are sick man. Guys Are sick. I've, I have. Well I won't say, I won't wanna speak of myself. Guys are sick though. I have never, not me. Huh? What'd you say? Nah, Me. But guys disgust me. Ugh. They are, men Are disgusting. They are disgusting. Except For loony balls too.


Not him. Oh no. He's so sweet. He's a such a king. I miss him. And he was in love with the girl from me. Are they still in love? Ooh, I don't know. We're allowed to talk about it. Yeah, but he is a heartthrob. Mm. Women are drawn to him. Men wanna be like him. Me and him went on a double date last year. Really? Yeah. Where? Up in Minnesota, Wisconsin. No Way. We took where it's like a little, had a little camping thing with some girls one weekend. Wait, Was I There? Yeah, there you. Perfect. Was I your date? Did you have a girl there or was I your date? No, I Had a girl there. Wait, but can we talk about this? I wanna talk about two things actually. Okay.


First of all, I wanna talk about how you took me to your friend's wedding as your plus one. Yeah. Thank you for coming dude. And you Didn't tell them I was coming. Yes. So I showed up. It's a small wedding and then they didn't know I was coming and I didn't know any of the people there. And they had you sitting at the front table and they just didn't have a place for me. So I had to sit in the back with people I had never met in my life. Oh Dude. And they put you next to the drunkest people that have ever graced is me and my buddy Scott. It was, it was his wedding. They put you next to the drunkest people that have ever graced their the world. And somebody broke that toilet. Remember? Yeah, somebody did. Oh dude, I went to the bathroom. We had no, we were in Spain.


We were in Portugal. No, that's true. We were in Portugal and Ra. That's what I was thinking. And we went to this old house. It's a beautiful wedding. And I sat on this toilet trying to probably just get somewhere to have some quiet time. Yeah. It poop or whatever they call it over there. And I, and the toilet fell off the wall. Yes. Why was it on the wall? I think they, oh, everything's more artistic there. You know what I'm saying? They want you to, they don't want you to just, you know, I think and they recycle. I don't know why. That's good question. Toilet was on the ground. I think I have a picture of it you can put on this. Okay. Well I remember next thing you, everybody's at the wedding. It was a long wedding. 'cause they, a couple people got up there and were kind of chatty, whatever, making it about them. Right.


A couple people have been rubbing Diddy baby oil on their legs and why you could barely even speak. Right? So we're up there and you, you heard like a crack. And then you heard somebody scream out of this balcony window that was directly above the wedding. I mean, it was like 22 feet from the, from the closest patron at the wedding. Remember? Like, what the hell was that Dude? Oh my God. That was, yeah. I, that that was, that was, It was very bizarre. Like re like what happened? And then people, this is the worst part. They had a winding stone staircase. People had to go up there to use this, that restroom. But when they got up, there was just a broken toilet laying there.


It Was the only toilet. Yeah. That was fun. And the other thing I want to talk to you about is, dude, you gotta stop sending me, you got stop. I don't know if you're doing it as a joke or you're trying to be nice. Stop sending me your old clothes. Oh yeah. Sorry. I'll get a package from you. And every time it's just some old church you don't want anymore. Like I can tell that they're like your bad church. I'm not even nice shirt. You bought me one nice shirt and the rest of 'em are just your shitty old Bro. That is not true. There's some, bro, there are some hitters in there. Here. You Think you, they're like holes in. Did you go through all of 'em? I, you got me one nice shirt, a red shirt that says hot sauce on it.


Yes. That is my best shirt from You. It's a great shirt. There's some other real, And they're larges. I can't even fit knife socks. You just, I just picture. So get rid Of that. And you're, you, someone would be like, you wanna throw 'em away? Be like, nah, send 'em to Caleb. Send 'em to Caleb's house so he can throw 'em away. Oh baby. Baby bear. Don't want that nighty, huh? Dude, I think, but here's the thing. Would you let, oh wait. Ry Mau, what happened to you? Yeah. Tell us, tell him what happened real quick so we don't forget. Yeah, no, I, I I mean everything was, everything came out great.


But what happened? How much gi give us a, like did you get a, like if you had to guess just even in handfuls, how much you, like, what are we talking about there? Handful. Like in a, not a child's handful, but like a, an adult handful. Sorry dude. Like a, just fucking tell us dude. Probably Two or three. Oh my God. Two or three. Bro, Bro. God. God. Well, you must have been dehydrated your throat close up it sounds like.


Oh my God. You might have needed Narcan after that. Homie. Me. That's a, ooh, that's a war. That's, ooh, that's a big dose. Boy got, what do you do with that? That is a, Hmm. And, and so ri I guess the last question is just the first one I asked is, have you been doing it more and more or, yeah, I have You addicted to it? Not addicted. Are you a sex addict? No. How many times do you feel like you've had sex since that happened? Riley? Because it's been about eight months now. Almost one year, hasn't it? Yeah. About I would say I, I dunno, a couple times. Few times a week. Okay. Whoa.


Good god, bro. Slow down. Do you have, do you think you have any kids or do you think that, is that something you're interested in doing Eventually? Yeah. And what about your walk with God? I know you were saving yourself from marriage, right? Right. And that went by the wayside. Blew that. You Fucked that up. Oh, that's like kicking over. The only shitter out a fucking at a good wedding brother. But anyway, man. Sorry. We're putting you on the grill there. Yeah. Sorry brother. Do you feel like you're gaining traction in the sexual community or whatever? Like, or that you're getting better at it or whatever? Yeah, I think so. Oh, that's good man. Wow. Do you feel any different? You know, do you, do you remember if you felt any different after the first time you had sex?


Caleb? I, I can't remember. Yeah, I can't remember. Dude know what I always think about is how when I was growing up you kind of have like people who maybe from your high school or whatever, just people you're growing up with in your town who get pregnant in high school or like, you know, they, they, and then at the time, I would look at them and I looked at them like, now they were bad people, but like, wow, what idiots. Yes. You know, which obviously they probably wish they didn't, but all they did was do the same thing every single other person's doing. Yeah. Every single person's doing that. And then all that happens is one of 'em gets unlucky and then you're like, idiot.


That's how I was, I've changed my stance on that. Well, they kind of get unlucky. It's almost like, you know, when they say if you shake a soda up and everything, don't open it for a little while, right? Yeah. And then one guy, right. Or who's like, I'm gonna open it. You know what's gonna happen if you open it? Right. Yeah. And he still opens it, it does Feel like those are the people a lot of the times who do have, And that's, you Know, high school children. But I wonder if I had me a little child where I would, what I would do with it or whatever, I would let it be outside or inside. Probably outside more. I cannot wait till you have a kid. Mm. I I can't wait to meet him. That has to be be cool. Huh?


That would Be cool. Riley. Are you guys thinking about chil because you have a girlfriend now, Riley? I do. Okay. And are you thinking about children or have you guys started talking about it Eventually? Yeah. Wow. Hmm. Wow. Do you miss the days when you hadn't been co I don't even wanna say, but you hadn't been just bursting out, out there, just spackling that, that Hanoi sauce or whatever you guys are No, no, I don't, I don't Miss it. Wow. Do you, do you feel like it's affected your testosterone? Yeah. Wow. In a negative way or positive? Positive. Wow. Oh really?


So you feel like you have more testosterone now? Yep. Amen brother. That's kind of the key phrase nowadays, testosterone People are selling it everywhere. Every, every other Facebook's ads. Like shoot up at your apartment. Yeah. Dude, when I was young, you had to go, first of all meet a gay dude that you didn't even know because you, he said he wasn't gay. He was just a busboy that was in his forties at a restaurant. Right. Okay. You had to meet him, befriend him by playing video games. Then he had steroids. You had to go get it from Subway. It was crazy. Now they, they're mailing you steroids. Shut up. Really? Yeah, we just go through All this shit to get up. It is crazy. There's a coal plunge place by my house. It's like you, there's is sauna and coal plunge. You go there and then the guy is like, Hey, do you want some testosterone or anything like that?


It's like, No dude, I don't even want to get in this fucking cold tub. I Don't want testosterone. I do want it, dude. I would do, I, I honestly, I would love to see what it would be like. People say they feel so much better, Dude, have him cream you out half an ounce over there and get you a little bit, get you a little bit half crazy, bro. Have you get you a little bit of that like sweet and sour pants syrup up off your boy up in there. It'll like grow your eyebrows after. It'll grow your eyebrows thicker. Dude, do you miss the days of not having had sex Riley, to be honest with you? Or is there something you miss about it? No. No. I don't miss it. That's cool, man.


Well, what else were we talking about? Oh dude. Do you think the Bill Belichick thing has adjusted the dating, the way that dating is looked? 'cause it's kind of a big, like he kind of opened the portal, like the portal's open for older men and younger women. Do you feel like that? I feel my stance on this is I actually don't have a problem with it. I don't understand why. If you're a young girl, you'd want to be with a old man. Yeah. But I don't understand a lot of stuff people do. But if she's 20 and they're consenting adults, like I have no problem with a older dude who's single. I would try to get a younger girl too. I'm not gonna try to get a 70, a 5-year-old Woman.


Well, first of All, if you're you're Single, you're Bill Belichick. Yeah, right. He's Done it all, Man. I mean he definitely has a name for himself. You know, if you're Jim Haslet Yeah. You get what you get. Dude know. Yeah. But damn, dude, that's such a good question. Like, but he definitely, the portal's open now. I feel like it's definitely, it feels like it's more of that universe now. Have you seen any more of it? Have you seen other examples of it? Well, Shannon Sharp had his thing, but he got kind of got called out for it, but his was more of like sexual in nature. Whereas Belichick has a, it seems like he's in a relationship. You see those videos of him on the beach with a, he's holding her up. No way. Really pull Up Bill Belichick and Girlfriend Beach, You know, who has a good theory on Oh wow.


Oh yeah. He's Look at this Shit. He seems super happy. Yeah, Well fucking look at him though. What is he doing? Dude, bro, I respect it. Dude. She's, I, I have no issues with it. Zero. But it is so funny. You gotta be honest. It's so funny. Well, it's up to them. First of all, bring up the next one with them fishing. It's up to them. First of all, they're having fun. Right? And it's really up to him. It's not Like she's tricking him or something. Or he's tricking Her, right? Yeah. Look at this. This is that. This is from whatever that movie is, Normandy or whatever. It's like their, it was like they did like this D-Day photo shoot or whatever. Dave Portnoy has a good theory on this.


Dave's theory is that he has no idea what's going on. Like in terms of how we're all perceiving this and like social media about it. He's like, his theory is that Dave Hicks is not on his phone and just doesn't have any clue what's Happening. Right. So he's just enjoying his life. Yeah. She's like going about his life, loving his life. Because I think she probably posts all his social media and stuff for him. And so of course she's gonna post pictures of only her. Yeah, I would Too. Yeah, dude. Well my parents were 38 years different. So I gotta be like, love is, you know, if you find somebody that you love then that's where it's at, you know? Yeah. There's a, my parents have a big difference too. Yeah. Total. I mean this is, this is a huge difference. I Don't know how many years difference is it? I Also changed my, probably 50 years, bro. No, Raleigh. M how many different?


24 and 74. I believe that's 50. No Bro, that is 50. Man, I just crunched the numbers. I don't know if those are the actual ages, but that is 50. What do you say to people who say that's 50 Dude, But I, the only thing is I change my opinions a lot. So if this could be out date, like I'll change my opinion on this tomorrow. Dude, all I'm saying is the portal is open for old man and young women. He, this is the, I mean the portal's open now And it's probably easier than ever to meet them. There's probably, there's so many apps and stuff where you can, and I don't, and girls seem to be really attracted to guys who have money and guys who are successful and they don't seem to care about looks and it doesn't seem like they care about age as much.


Is that true? Is that crazy to Say? Well, people look younger than ever. Kind of. How, what age difference are they? Can you just fucking tell me a number? Sorry. Ri, but damn, you fucking have a computer you're working with. Nevermind. Never Jesus Christ. Just stick to coming dude. Stick to stick now I see why he couldn't, he couldn't bust nut for 25 years. He couldn't find him. 73 and 24, 49. Yeah. Close. Boy. Close. That's a lot. Yeah. I mean, dude, that means that, this is a dumb thing to say, but that means he was 49 when she was born.


Mm. Yeah. That's pretty old for the, to your wife to be born. Yeah. I, that's wild. Now I might change. I don't know if it's cool anymore. Dude. That's a big difference. Hey, Go heels baby. That's all I'm saying, dude. Dude, if he just needs to recruit some, pay these players man. Yeah. Pay these guys. We should have gotten Nico when you left Tennessee. We should have paid him. Pull Up another news article. What else do we got, man? Oh, funeral director trashed. Over 6,500 bodies of pets used fake ashes to defraud customers out of $650,000. Wow. What did it say? A funeral home director has been charged after allegedly throwing out the bodies of thousands of pets and giving owners the ashes of other animals.


What kind of, what, what makes someone go into wanting to deal with dead, dead bodies? I, I have people in my family who do that, so I'm not hating. They said they, but work in cremation. They work in funeral parlors or I don't, they work with dead bodies. That's a weird thing I think to want to go into. You know, it's like how do you end up being like, I think what I want to do in my life is touch dead bodies All the time. Yeah. Weird. But they're also in my family. So also cool. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's, you know, if you wanna be around, I just would, it would be crazy if you're a funeral director and you're burning up animals and giving those ashes to people.


Yeah. For Why? And then You don't think they're gonna notice that it's not their no brother whatever. Like, oh, I got my brother's ashes back. Fucking, fucking I Who knew you? Who knew? He had a collar that said response to spark return to 40 27 Elm Street. That's crazy. I don't, I don't know, man. Fuck. What are we talking about? What are we even talking about anymore? Man? I've liked it man. You have, I've enjoyed my time. No, I've enjoyed my time. But I just feel like, I just feel like I let you down. I feel like I waste everybody's time today.


You ever feel like that? Not too much. Yeah. Maybe. I think I'm coming. I quit taking my medicine too. Really? Yeah. I just don't wanna take, Have you been doing fasting? Have you still been fasting? You were fasting when we shot Sunday. Oh good. Have you been doing that still? No. No. That's Horrible. I needed to do more. No, well I started losing my mind after that. What do you mean you, you should fast whenever you're like in a good state of mind. I think I was just going through a lot. So it's like also not eating. You start to lose it. It's ultimate stress. You're putting yourself in your starvation. But the third day of fasting, your body's like, now we're gonna clean this shit hole out. Yeah. Starts cleaning you up. Dude, I don't believe that Kind of stuff. You don't Pe I don't. I don't. I believe it does clean you up.


I don't believe, I don't believe that. You feel good. People are like, yeah, I've been, you start feeling amazing after three days. I bet you're hungry. Oh yeah, you're hungry. But you feel like, I think you feel kind of a little bit keen. I saw a thing the other day that a guy lived for a long, you can pull this, pull this up. The guy lived on just sunlight for over a year. He didn't eat for over a year and he's just, he was looking at the sun. Hmm. That's nice. Lemme see him manic. He had earned a spot in the Guinness Book for not eating anything for 411 days straight in 2001. I had led a team of 24 doctors and and physicians to monitor this fe said city-based neuro physicians suit here.


Shah, his team carried out a number of tests and the results showed him to be a person of normal health. There were documentary films made on Manx feet. Manic had given up solid food for almost two decades. Dang. And he stopped pooping too. He stopped pooping after like the third week or something. Oh That's gotta be great. Didn't poop for a full Year. It's gotta be great. It's like driving a Tesla. It's like You don't have to, it's like You don't have to stop to fill up or whatever. It's like our unfill. Yeah. It's so good. Oh, that's good. He was working as a traitor of perfumes. It says in coyote Sun gazing. How do you do that? You're not supposed to do that. Or is that just another lie? They tell you not to look at the sun.


A lot of stepdads would say that, you know, if you stare directly into the sun, your sister will accuse me of sexual harassment. Re like what? Turns out it's pretty true in a lot of areas dude. In a lot of areas dude. But I think, I think what that would, I guess you'd have to build up like a tolerance to it. Like you start looking at it when it's small in the morning and then over days and days you can just look for the mid days. You Beam that pitch out the middle of the day. You, you just, I mean at some point you just locked in on that. I'm, you just collect and heat. You're a damn solar panel at that point. That's what it, that's what he's saying bro.


Oh, that is what he's saying. I didn't realize that. He's over there charging his phone. He just got it in his hand. 10%, 11%. Dude, can you find a video of this guy speaking Raleigh? He only lived till 85. Which is a good number. It's a good life. He put up a good game. But that's not, it's not a hundred. That's true. How, how long do you wanna live for? But living is gonna start to get different. I wanna, I want to, I wanna go over a couple things with you first of all and shout out also Winnipeg Jets today. Dude, did you see their win the other night? Mm Bro. It's hockey, right? Okay. And I met this player.


I met this guy in a bathhouse or whatever, like a, I don't even remember where it was. Vancouver somewhere. He's putting a lip balm on. I walk in a sauna or whatever. He's sitting there by himself putting on lip. Bal, Where's this going? I don, do you have my interest? I didn't judge him. You know what I'm saying? I was like, you know, it's this on can be dehydrating. So anyway, the game, they're down three to one with a minute and seven seconds left. They score. Okay. 2, 2, 3. Yep. Then with 1.7, the second this series is tied. Three. Three. The game. Seven with 1.7 seconds they score again.


Take it to overtime in the second overtime they win the game. No way. Yeah. Pretty unbelievable. Is That your team? Now Wait, what were you gonna tell me? That has nothing to do with what you said. Oh. How long do you wanna live for? No, You said I'm gonna tell you a few things. Listen up. Okay. This is what I'm gonna tell you. So first of all, they have different skin now, right? I believe that there's in the future, this is our, I believe one of the last five years we'll be wearing this skin. I believe they're gonna come out with a material right? That will completely cover our skin. So it'll both preserve your skin, also allow your skin to breathe. All the things that it needs to do still with nature. But that it will become a new layer, right? That you will probably will cover most of your body.


Right? That will preserve your skin. So I believe that you'll start to see that. So people will be able to technically look at younger for longer. Right? But you'll never know. 'cause you won't see 'em. You'll never know. 'cause you won't really see 'em. You Can't see their skin. But under there it does look better. But you just can't see it. Right? You just can't see it. And they'll just be like, Hey, I look great. And then people will also be able to program based on that outer layer, what they want you to see them wear. Right? So at a certain point, I don't know how we'll do it, but we'll start to have like, you know, glasses or contacts that will, so I can make everybody look like they're, we're in the 19 hundreds today or something like that. Who decides? You decide what you wanna look like?


Or you, I can decide what you Look like. I think you get to decide the operator naked. You could, I I guess you go naked, but it's not I Would do not. Not you naked. Thank You. I would go, yeah, somebody you could do like everybody's eating ice cream like Lenny Balls today. Okay. So you could get to pick day by day and based on your eyes, everybody who has that skin, you could adjust it because it'll be able to adjust it. Does it make sense? Fuck. This is a worst episode of my life. Dude. Dude, dude. Don't say that dude. Sorry. I'm sorry dude. Don't say that. I'm breaking your heart man. I breaking. Sorry dude. Breaking my heart. Dude, don't say that kind of stuff. I just feel like I let you down today man. Man, I don't think you did at all. I think it's a really good episode. Yeah, I think you're gonna have to cut out a lot.


I, I am. I'll say this, I'm excited about the Indiana Fever starting back. Yeah. How have you kept up with, 'cause we went to the game. Yeah. We went and saw Kaylen Clark break the record Dude, it was so great. And then the other day she's back there. Shoots a three from further back than the one we saw her break the record and We were right there when she broke the record. So tough. Have you, have you been talking to Patrick? Yeah. Patrick and Connor. Dude Patrick came to see a show in Chicago a couple weeks ago. It was pretty cool. He's there training for the NBA draft Patrick McCaffrey and then, so that was great. He came out and then, yeah, Connor and I have kept in touch. Yeah. Great. We gotta go see a Game. It were great. We went to the Applebee's with a Mather. Oh yeah. It was so cool, dude. Yeah, dude. Yeah. We gotta go see a game.


We went and saw one game. Me and me and Bizo went and saw a game. I don't know how. Oh it was Butler played against somebody and we all went and watched it. But it was fun. So You're a big Kaly Clark fan. I'm a big fan, but, But not Andrew Reese fan. I I'm a Caitlin Clark fan. That was Cut that out. Gotta cut that outta your, outta your episode. You died on that one Bro. You see Shazi at that Met gala? What was That? You looked like a pepper. What Shake your, You look like a pepper shaker. Wow. Yeah. That's a wild look, isn't it? Do you think That was, it wasn't Bad. Oh no, I don't think it was bad.


No, but I do. Do you think that there is a real truth? 'cause in a black culture they start to say, oh, they dress a lot of black men up like women. I've heard that. I don't know. That's true. They dress white guys up. Like women. Anyone who's trying to, they dress those guys are everyone looks like women at the the Met Gala. That's a good point. Do You don, don't you think? Would you go to something like that? I've always thought about that. Like, not that I would ever have. If you and me went, I would go. I wouldn't go like with some public, I don't think I would go. That feels Weird. It sounded like a weird type of like, almost like celebrity worship where it's like too much. I don't know, it kind of weirds me out to be honest with you. Yeah, I don't, it seems like a seance to me. It has seance vibes to me a little bit. And I just wonder like yeah, there's something about it that has seance type of vibes to me or whatever that's called.


Like when you meet in the woods or whatever and do something wild like that. Oh dude. I'll tell you this one story. So we're at, we did some shows. We did like SEC right? Some different places we're at University of Arkansas. Yep. And Sam we're leaving the gym. Right. We get to go use their gym. I know Coach Pittman. He was at Carolina when I was there. No way. Yeah dude, he's awesome. Right? So we're leaving the gym and it's me and Amir Kay, this comedian that works with me on the road. And dude, so we're leaving and we see this guy pull up in this cart and it's Coach Pittman and he comes over like, what's going on? Fellas starts talking to us. He's like, man, tell me about Bobby.


And so I'm thinking he's thinking about Bobby Kennedy Jr. Right? So we start talking about Bobby Kennedy for like two, two minutes. Me Amir's doing like an I persons Measles. He's doing impersonation, everything. And he, he's coach pit coach Pittman's like going along with us. And then he goes Bba, like he Just like Bobby Lee. He's like, oh, Bobby Lee. And I had, I'm like, why do you listen to us for two minutes? Do horrible impersonations of RFK Jr. Just so he could go above it. Did You get to hang out with Coach Pitman?


He is funny dude. He talked her for like 20 minutes. It was one of the highlights of our trip that, and the Alabama players were so cool, man. When we went there just took us around their facility and stuff. Really? They were super nice. Every place was cool, but they like, they just went outta their way, you know, like some of their best players. A lot of times the guys are too cool to do that type of shit, you know? Yeah, right. But it was great man. Did you get to talk to the new coach At Alabama? Yeah. No, we did not get to meet him. No. So I wish that we would've, but, but it was great though just to get to go to some of the SEC places. And like you said earlier, it's like they mean it at these, it's like part of the deal. Alabama. Yeah. And that campus is nice. It's the nicest campus.


They said it's gotten way nicer because of the victories that they have a hundred percent through the saving years. A hundred percent. I think it's harder to get into Alabama now because of football being good. 'cause they have more people who want to go. So they can be, they can have like smart people down in Alabama now. Yeah. Not that they weren't. No, but they weren't back in the day. It happened to Appalachian State too. But where I'm from, Appalachian State won like three national championships in a row and then they had so many more applicants after they beat Michigan. Yeah. That they, that school went from kind of like a, just a, anyone could kind of get into like a competitive school. Mm. Like quadruple their, their people who tried to, to go to App State. Damn. It's like a nice school now. But that Tuscaloosa has the best setup of any, 'cause I did that tour when I first graduated college.


The first thing I did was like two years on the road living on a bus, going to colleges. Yeah. And just, we just went to every college and just partied. And that was my job. Like two years. And Tuscaloosa is the nicest one. They got that perfect setup, right? They got the stadium. Oh dude, we got to go out on the field. No way. We got to run out on the field man. Yeah. It Was crazy. You're kind of one of those guys that switch up. Like you'll be, you were supposed to be a Tennessee fan, but I don't have a lot of faith in you at all. Well remember we went back there and they didn't really welcome us back. It felt like you remember. No. 'cause we couldn't find the field. Oh yeah. That was not 'cause they weren't welcoming us. We could have lost. Yeah, you're Right. We got lost for about 45 minutes trying to find the field.


I think I've just, I've realized I'm an s sec C I'm just, I am an SEC guy man. That's the, it's all I'd like to watch. It's the best. It's not even Close. It's not even close. It's the rest of it should just, what are they doing? It, It's not even close. A CC basketball is awesome but SEC basketball is awesome now. Yeah. Yeah. My favorite sport was always LSU basketball. But yeah, I think, you know, it's like I'm a Winnipeg Jets fan. What happened? It's tough. I mean SE C's so good. It's like you just, I I don't know. You start to love it all. I think They only have like 13 sports where like Carolina we had like 33 sports. Mm. And so they just dump all that money. 'cause only sports that make any money are men's basketball and football.


Yeah. All the rest of the sports lose money. And so if they only have 13 sports, they can take all that money and just dump 'em right back into Yeah. The, the good ones. Whereas you got spread it all out at like, Stanford has like 33 sports. Yeah. They got like fencing and fucking everything, you know? Yeah. Transing like, hold on dude. Transing is a sport. Things have changed man. No, but there's nothing better than being like just loving the SEC man and living in Nashville is so great. 'cause you, it's easy to get to a lot of the schools man. Yeah. It really, it's like, it's just a little bit easier. So like, that's been great dude. Yeah, everything's been good.


Dude. We gotta go see an Indiana Fever game though. That would be really fun. They got a gr They're they're, they're, they got a bunch of new players too. Really? Yeah. When, when is their season? It's now May 17th. I think it starts against the Chicago sky love. I'll be outta town. I would Love, I would love Are you gonna be there or no? You said I'll be outta town but I do wanna go to a game soon. I Feel like they play the Chicago sky every game. Does it feel like that? Yeah. I don dunno if that's just the only time they publicize that they're playing, but they play every time I look it's Angel Reese and Kailyn Clark. It's like, We gotta go up there. Dude. They got some great new players. Sophie Cunningham. They got Aaliyah Boston. They got, yeah, Deanna Bonner. They just got, she's new.


Are They the top team of league? No. No. They're ranked four or five to possibly take Really the title? Yeah. Dude, they got a squad bro. They got some beautiful ladies on the team. Where, where does Ca Caitlyn Martin play? Is that her? Am I messing it up? Kate. Oh, Martin. Kate Martin. Kate Martin. She plays for the Valkyries, the Valkyries expansion team. Nice. Out in the bay. Nice. She's Digging it. She's, she was cool. Yeah. Dude, we should go to a Indiana Fever game. That'd be really fun. That'd be really fun. I hope they, I, I think, yeah, we gotta go back over there and we gotta go to another SEC game, dude. Yep. That was fun.


We should do another, we should do, have you thought, you asked me this at the beginning of the interview, but have you thought about doing like other stuff? Like whether it's like video? I mean obviously you're doing a lot of standups. You're busy but, and you're podcasting a lot so you're busy, but like other video type things. Yeah. I wanna make something. Let's start thinking of something that to be a little bit more creative and do some new stuff. You know, it'll be fun. Yeah. I mean you and I, haveve always talked about it. Yeah. We wanted to be those DJs. Remember? Yeah. Dang, that's still a good idea. It would, that would still crush. It would be really fun. Last night we let bro people lying. I reached out to some people about that, but we just never followed through on a lot of our ideas.


We never followed through on shit. God bro. It would be so much fun to wear long hair DJs out there. They don't do nothing going like that to the Babes or whatever. They don't do, don't do Anything. They don't do Shit. Dude, Diplo just came out with a fucking Christmas candy dude. I'm like, they fucking, you can do anything when you're a dj. It doesn't even matter. He's selling like urine from Jamaica or something. No, fucking that keeps l outta your hair to a backbeat. You know, he's got just, he's got dude, he's selling fucking bubblegum with a trap beat in it. It's like he just, you know, people can do whatever they want dude. Yeah, we should do, I would love to do something like, even if it's a one-off, not even like a series or something.


Just like something is weird, indifferent and fun. Or get some AI to do something so we don't have to. We can do it, but just think about, think it up. Dude. Even doing Druke show, like we shot that for one week, but it was the most fun thing one 'cause it was hilarious, but also just like it was new and like a novel stimuli. Yeah. To just get out there and do something completely different. Yeah. I gotta go on more people's shows. I mean, even just doing Sunday the other day, I was like, man, I just, yeah. I just got so used to just doing this so much and then you forget to go somewhere and 'cause then you're become an interviewer. You don't become a person sometimes after a while. Yeah, I think sometimes. Yeah. You know, it seems like, but I don't fucking know what I'm talking about. Well, you do it right. I like how you, when you tour, at least you go, you go to like unique places in America.


You're not going like Atlanta, Chicago. You hit those places, but you also go see, you've seen probably more of America than anybody. 'cause every weekend you're in like the randomest city in the world. Yeah. We go to a, I mean we do, we do, man. I think we've been on like 150 of the top 200 cities size wise. That's awesome. So You start to see a lot of great places. Wisconsin has some of my favorite places. I never thought dude, a place I just went to in Indiana, Fort Wayne, Indiana. Nice. So Nice Is that's your number one secret city? LA Cross Wisconsin. La Cross Wisconsin. What's from there? I've, I've heard of that. Is that the capital of Wisconsin? No. Mm. I don't know. Why do you say that?


What's so cool about it? Just like, it seems like a perfect place to live if you had an idea of a perfect place to live. Yeah, but when did you go Storybook? I went in the fall, so it was right before Halloween. So like all the trees had changed color. And you could go up on the mountain right there. Yeah. And all the trees were like changing colors. You had kids like walking around like the day before Halloween, like kids come from school with like their Halloween candy and like their moms were like bustling 'em through the leaves. Like the leaves were like, it was like all changed colors were on the ground. Moms were fucking secretly vape while they walked their kid. Tell 'em not to use drugs. Yeah. And I just crush and vape off the edge. Wisconsin, have you seen the stats on the alcohol in Wisconsin? I bet it's A lot. Oh, they love drinking. Oh Yeah.


That's a, that's the, it's the drunkest place in the world. Really? Yeah. And I made that up. You wanna hear stuff? You don't know if it's real or not. We talking to the Elvis Presley of bullshit today. Us the one, the only Caleb Presley. Man, thanks for just hanging out with me, dude. Yeah. Sorry, I, I don't feel like I was myself today, but I, I don't feel like I really honored you as a guest today, man. To be really honest with you. No, you, you, there is gonna be a really good episode out of this. You're just gonna have to cut the parts that sucked out. But I think we got a solid hour or in 15 minutes and we probably had 50 m bullshit.


A lot of shit, dude. Well, Riley wouldn't tell us anything either. And Yeah, it's like 10 of that just Riley waiting on Riley to click a link. Yeah, dude. Still Didn't get one, But No, that was good, man. It was great. It was fun. We gotta go see a Morgan show this year. We gotta do a lot of stuff. We just gotta do some stuff, you know? Yeah. You're good about that though. So we will, We gotta, yeah, we just gotta do something this year. Yeah. We'll, all right. We'll, it's a date. It's a date, bro. I love You. It's a straight, it's A Okay dude. So that's Good. Dude, You're gay. Dude, I'm chill. Oh, my wife's calling Caleb Pressley, ladies and gentlemen. Sunday conversation. Make sure to check it out. Go out and support him.


He's doing his own thing now. So that's what we gotta support creators who are independent. Thanks so much, bro. I love you. Thank you, man. Now I'm just on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of I, I can feel it. My bones.