
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply,


And we've got some new tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Cedar Rapids, St. Paul Fargo, rapid City, Philadelphia, Rochester Garbage Plate, Detroit, Winnipeg, and Calgary, and the Canada. All of those shows coming up in June, July, and August. Theo Von dot com slash TOU. It's the Return of the Rat tour. It's almost over. And thank you guys so much for your support. Today's guest is a former NFL wide receiver. He is a commentator. He's a podcast host in many other things. He has a show called Nightcap with Shannon Sharp. He had a huge career with the Cincinnati Bengals.


He's, he's just, he's an energy and I'm grateful to spend time today with Mr. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thanks for coming. Chad, you feel okay with just getting into it? You want to, anything you want to talk about or don't wanna Talk about? Like having sex? Get into it. Damn, I don't have rules. Okay. I'm just as crazy as you are. Damn.


If you ask, you ready for an answer? Ooh, Well, okay, Chad. God damn. I look good. Fuck You. Coming in a little dark. Huh? How dark are, do y'all do a, is there like a I can smoke because you put that right there. I, I'll just put It there. It's fine with me. Fuck. Yeah. I don't think we got a, I mean, will that thing go off, you think? No, it's not enough smoke. Did you Do F1 last Weekend? Yeah. I had to go shake some hands, smiles, get a few deals done. I'm not, I'm not a, not much of a a F1 guy. Nascar. Now we talking Yeah. NASCAR is where, where, where, where it's at.


Especially for fir first dates Go to nascar. What Some of this shit is A woman that's never been to nascar and you sit in the stands. Oh, awesome. I gotta do something like that. I used to take girls when I lived in Tucson. I take 'em over to the, to the dog track over there. Greyhound. Yeah. They had a Greyhound track still in, in It. Had a grund track. This is probably about 16 years ago. Yeah. We got the Greyhound track here too. Horse track. I, I love that man. You Got, you got any nice animals at the house? No. I, I travel too much for pets and I can't deal with death. Mm. I don't handle death. Well, Yeah. I wish I sometimes I love to see animals compete against each other. Yeah. I love that shit, man.


They had baby racing the other day at a college game. I saw crawling. Yeah. That's funny. I saw, I, I saw some, sometime when they do it at NBA games and the baby's crawling. I, I bet on them. You ever had that gambler? Oh, I about, dude, I fucking, I put 1100 on a four month old baby. I let Real quick. Yeah. A fast little Filipino four. My throat. Look, look, Look. This is dope. I put half a rack on that bitch. Please, please get subject. Oh, that's a, That is funny. Dang. Look at that one baby stalled out, got dementia.


Oh, they cheating there. Stop reaching across the line. That's Why I don't like that. That's the rules of chain. And look at this little maybe right there. Damn. He turning around Away. Wrong way Buddy. He want, he uhuh. He won a new contract. Come, he just hit the portal. He's heading back to his stepdad. Oh, they going the wrong way. Damn. Now they got, Ooh, that one can't handle it. Yeah. Now they got that little Filipino bad boy up top. There it is. That's poking the cool right there up top baby. Yeah. To hit the finish line. That's funny. Do you feel like it was probably, when you look at the, at the players today was, do you feel like it was easier for them to be able to pick up stats?


I mean, the game has changed. The game has evolved a lot. Obviously from a receiver standpoint, they, they throw the ball much more. Yeah, much more. The era I played in it was, it was more about running the ball to open up the pass. So they definitely, I mean, it's different. Average. They have an added game too, so it was a much more difficult, and the game is a little bit more lenient in favor of the offensive side because defensive defenders really can't do anything. You can't hit, you can't, you, they throw flags for everything. You get fined for everything. Yeah. I think, you know, my era in the era before me football bef in general back then was the true definition of football. I mean, it's a gladiator sport, You know? Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. What, why do you think they softened up the rules like that? Why do you think they made it like that? Honestly, the truth.


I forgot what era it was. When they sued the NFL for all the injuries, all the trauma that players have suffered in the past. Yeah. And they won the lawsuit. Oh yeah. It might have been a billion or some, something like that. And they had no choice but to, Oh yeah. The National Football League was sued for felony to protect players from head injuries, which can lead to CTE starting in 2011. In 2012, a class action lawsuit was filed. Yeah. Consolidate over 4,500 former player cases. So they settled that, huh? Yeah, They won. Damn. And those players won. And that's why the rules are what they are today. I know they always preach about player safety, but that's, I mean, player safety is, is cool. It's understandable, but players have gotten faster, stronger, bigger.


The dimensions of the field haven't changed at all. So therefore injuries are still going to happen. Concussions are still going to happen. There's no way to prevent that. Yeah. It's impossible. Yeah. What? Yeah. 'cause that's part of it. You can't just stop that from Happening. It's part of, you know, what you signed up for. Yeah. You know, what you signed up when, when you, when you make it, you know, as a 1% in the NFL, it's a glad sport. It's barbaric. It kind of is a little bit of a bummer because you don't really get as meant. There's not a lot enough defensive cornerbacks and safeties. They don't really get enough love then because you don't even get to know 'em as much because they can't play as much defense. Does that make sense? A little bit. But, but some of them, some of 'em have made a name for themselves that are really good, really, really good.


The Jalen Ramseys and McDuffy, and, let me see, I, I think run some of these dbs off sauce. Gardner, Derek Stingley, you know, some, some dudes are, are really good regardless of the game, changing the way it has. Pat Tain, Lazarus Snead. Really good. Jalen Johnson. Good young dude. Christian Gonzalez with the Patriots man. Hey, he's an animal. Wow. He's an animal. And there's a, there's another young fellow Latino right there. Yeah. There's, there's another young fellow in Damnit Horn from the Panthers is really good as well. Joe Horn's son. Yeah. Joe Horn. Hey. He's nice.


Really? So despite the rules being what they are, they've gotten so good technically, you know, trying to adapt to the rules. Yeah. That some of 'em, some of 'em stand out, But they're just, it feels like you do, there can't be really be that beast out there that's just like clapping dudes down. No, you Can't. You can't. Just like, You can't. And tho those, the first thing that comes to mind is the safety or maybe linebacker from the Texans who got suspended. I think he got suspended maybe once or twice, because he plays, like he's back in the old days. Oh yeah. Like, who is it? Al Shazer, Shazer something, something like that. Al Jazeera Not him. Who is it? I Don't know. I don't know. I, I don't know how to say, say his name the right way. Azi Al Azi. Al Shaer? Yeah. Oh, Hell yeah.


He's an op bro. He's working for The, he plays, he plays like his Middle East though. He's over here doing some shit. He plays football the way football should be played. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. I gotta get his jersey, man. Yeah, he's good. He's really good. But yeah, you don't hear, there's not like that Ronnie Lock guy, you know what I'm saying? They just don't have those bangers. Or like, who was the guy that played for Denver? That was just a banger back there. Steve Atwater. Yeah. Yeah. Steve Atwater. Bob Sanders. Oh, he's he's old school. Yeah, he's old school. And obviously right there players should have, should have slid early. Slide early. Yeah. What do you think about the slide, man? 'cause it, honestly, as a fan, it doesn't even make it fun. If the guy's running, you know, he's gonna slide, slide. Yeah.


Yeah. Yeah. It just seems, I don't know. You would almost rather don't do this play or somebody get hit, But not, not really. It just slide early. You know, the guys are coming. They're much faster than you. Especially quarterbacks. They're much faster than you. And Mahomes is one who's really tricky as he'll, purposely slide late to get a penalty. Ooh. He does. You know, he doesn It on purpose. Sometimes he'll pretend like he's going down or gonna step out of bounds and stay in just a little bit, just a tad second longer. Oh yeah. You get flag thrown. So God, he lingering, the offensive players are using the rules to their advantage. And it, it, it puts, it puts the defensive players in a pickle. Yeah. But it builds it up for people want stats. People wanna see the scoring. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so I guess it's just a sign of the times.


Do you think it can ever swing back the other way? Or do you think that the legal issues and stuff are gonna keep it out of that? Absolutely not. It will never swing back the other way. Yeah. Because the NFL, they have to protect themselves. They gotta protect the shield and protect the players, you know? Yeah. On the back end. Was it tough on your team when you play with the Bengals? Like, I know you play with a couple of different teams, but was it, or with any team, is it fun for a receiver if they're running, bruh, is it even fun? Yeah. Like you have to pretend that they're gonna pass. No, because I, I would, I like to call myself an all around player outside of just catching the balls. Yeah. Because there were certain things I already knew I would have two people on me every time. Yeah. So that opened up the running game. So I had no problem. So if you open up the running game and the, and the running game is doing well, then they have to take a safety and get him up off of me and bring him down in the box.


Now I got to, now I get to cook. So I, I look, I look, I look at it that way. Do you think a lot of players look at it that way? Like Prob probably not. I knew, I knew I would get mine no matter what, because I was the number, I was the number one receiver. So at some point the ball was gonna get to me. But then you have some games you go into and a team will say, you know what? Today 85 is not beating us. You're gonna have to be somebody else in those games. You know, you do the best you can to keep your composure. It gets frustrating at times. They're out there just getting cardio in. Yeah. But you're gonna have games like that. So if somebody, if they're, if you know your team's running Right, but you still have to pretend like they're gonna pass, right? Because you got Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Always. Always. And I, I'm rarely, rarely ever was lackadaisical because I understood what I mean to us offensively, even when I wouldn't get the ball.


Right. Like even if you're saying, if they think they're gonna have to keep an eye and if his eyes over here, it's not over here in the box. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. So I, I run 'em off. And Was that still fun too, even on those plays? Yeah. Is it still fun to Just, I mean, have made it fun? I had to 'cause I used that time to talk shit. Yeah. Can you curse? Huh? Okay. I'm sorry. I curse. I curse a lot. Okay, cool. You can talk shit, dude. Yeah. Who's the darkest dude you ever seen in the NFL man? Like the darkest skin guy? Darkest. Because sometimes you see a guy, you're like, damn. Like I've been even with my black friends and we'll see like a dude that is. Yeah. And they're like that. That's A good question. My friend, my black friend be like, damn, you see that black guy? I'm like, yeah dude. I saw. But for you to say that, that's a, you know, that's a remarkable, I'm trying to think.


I, I can't, I can't think I, I'm dark my damn self. Oh, You come? Yeah. I definitely think you come in a people would consider you dark. Yeah. Very, very. I'm trying, I'm trying to get darker, you know? Are you? I used to tan. Oh yeah. Where? Yeah. She goes to the tanning bed. Bed. Did you? Damn. Yeah. But naked just to even everything out. I like it Because are there parts, say if you're a D and I've never seen a a I've never seen a full, I don't think naked, darker male. Right, right. Is there parts to your body that are not as dark? You know what, sometimes I would like the chest in the neck area to match. Mm. And sometimes it doesn't. I don't like that because it's always covered. I want my legs, chest, and everything. One like chocolate, dark god diva Willy Wonka type complexion.


Yeah. Like them. What's them little things that they give you sometimes at a hotel somewhere. Nice. The Little chocolates. Yeah. The ones that are wrapped up. Some of 'em, they're red. Some of they're blue. Yeah. Yeah. Some of 'em it's gold. The little minty. I know what you talking About. What are they called? Ledor. Oh no, them bitch. Oh, them? Yeah. Them lendor truffles baby. Damn. Yeah. I like, I like those. Yeah, bro. That's what I'm saying. Dude, if you had your bro, if they had Chad Johnson, lendor truffle. That's a good one, Bro. That's an elite candy. Look at them bitches. They wrapped up real nice. God. They wearing a damn, just a beautiful panty. They got 'em wrapped in $70. God, that's expensive. Look at that.


Them lendor changemakers $320. What? For one or the, or the, the package, Bro. That's all I'm saying, bro. They had Chad Johnson, chucks, God, That'd be dope. It's a good idea. I gotta Look into that. Have you done some business ventures? Like what's something you ever got any, 'cause people get into something wild, you know, and different people get into different stuff. Joe Horn have a hot sauce or barbecue sauce. Remember he went big on barbecue. Yeah. I'm trying to think of guys from your time that had something while I, I mean, I was a New Orleans guy, so I know Deuce McCall had like a car dealership. Well, for me it would be cigars. Oh really? 85 cigars. Yeah. I mean that's, Do you have a brand of them? Yeah.


Oh, I bet. I didn't even know, man. Year 6, 80, 85, or number five. And boom, there they go. God boy, them bitches will give you, give you a long CTE. Huh? Listen, that's, that's all I do. I've never, I've never had alcohol. Really? Never. So anytime I have a cigar, I always pair with my coffee. I've just finished my coffee. Yeah. I've never had alcohol, no drugs. Never done anything but cigars. I've been smoking since 1991. Wow. Since 91. I smoked two or three a day. And this is actually, even when I was playing, when I was playing, I, I would smoke whether we lost, whether we won because What is it you, what is just like, yeah. What is it? 'cause that's a pretty kind of a re that's a real relationship with something. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. It's all about the taste.


It's all about the taste. And I, I, I'm, I'm a fan of really all cigars. Whether they're my, whether they're mild, strong, peppery, smooth, it, it doesn't matter. Mm. I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm a cigar enthusiast. Oh Yeah. God. I tried to, I remember I used to work for this rich guy and I would s and sometimes he would call me in there. He would be drunk. And he, the other ladies at worked, I was at an insurance company. They had gone home and I was just the guy who was doing the filings and stuff and mailing things. And he'd be drunk in there. He'd call me to listen to him. 'cause he just wanted to just, just yap just be rich and have somebody hear and be rich. Right. So he would sit in there with a big cigar and fucking, he tried to get me to hit them bitches a couple times.


Man, God, I, I couldn't, I could just couldn't handle some of it. I mean, my hands swell up. One of 'em made my hands real straight. I think he was smoking some shit that they had, you know, they'd put some other shit in it at the house or whatever. Yeah. Because I couldn't even bend my hands for almost 40 minutes after smoking them Bitches. Jesus. Did you inhale? Huh? Did you inhale? Yeah. I tried my best. Man. I, I supposed to inhale. You supposed to taste it. Oh. I like to hit that bitch. Regardless. It's an acquired taste. Yeah. And he didn't teach me like that. He just like, He just gave it to you. Oh yeah. You, He was complaining. Ah, yeah. Something, you know, the oil or whatever. And I was, and I, dude, I had to, if I had to finish filing that afternoon, probably there like this. I Can't. Yeah. That's, that's Funny. Like a platypus sitting there.


Fucking figure shit out, man. But yeah, I didn't know that. So you never had alcohol, huh? No, I never, I never will, man. Never. But did something turn you off to it when you were Young? I think, I think it might have been my mom. She drank. Yeah. She, oh, did she really? Oh man. She drank like a fish, you know, morning, morning, noon, night, you know, and then seeing her become somebody I didn't even recognize. I think that's why I steered away from it. Because it always starts young. Anytime you, you, you have an habit that you stay away from. You have the discipline to do it. Most people say, oh, you're so disciplined. No. Say, no, I'm not. I saw something in my mom when I was younger that let me know, you know what, I'm not going down that path. Oh. And I just, I just never did it. And did she, is she still alive? No, she passed away. Oh. From alcohol poisoning and from cirrhosis To the Liver. Yep.


2021. I, I never forget. And I knew that I, I got that phone call. I got that phone call and I knew something was wrong because it was family, family members calling. Mm. That's Family scary. Huh. Never Call, especially like that back to back from different family members. Right. And I kind of already knew what it was. 'cause my brother had already called. So I already know nothing's wrong with him. Right. And I, I, I, I had a feeling what it was and say, come down to the house. Oh, your mom is, she's passed out. They couldn't even open the door. She was right there. Right there by the door. And obviously the autopsy came back and she passed away. Drink herself. Drink yourself to death. That's my baby though. Thanks for sharing that.


Yeah, man. I, you know, I've been in recovery and struggling over the years from drinking. Yes sir. And a lot of my friends, you know, it's part of, it's part of a lot of people's universe these days. Yes sir. Yes sir. What? And how do you try? And I even have a family member. We try have done intervention and stuff. Did you guys ever try to do something like that? Is that hard as a son? Because I bet it's kind of tough with a parent because they're kind of, you still have to look up to them. It, it was, it was very difficult. And it was so difficult that I couldn't do it. And she wouldn't listen to me. You know, you can lead a horse, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make 'em drink. So she has to wanna get the help herself. And They can't drink alcohol. Yep. They listen. And so I even went as far as, we were on Marriage bootcamp, but it was Family edition.


I think it, we tv I forgot what it was. It was a show that you Did. Yeah. So her and I, it's all about a mother and son or a mother and, and whatever family member it was, you're trying to mend the relationship and whatever issues you have. So I took her on there and more. She cut a fool. She cut a fool. Oh. She didn't want to be, she cut A fool. Obviously had alcohol out. They had all this stuff. And it was her and I, you know, two weeks, two weeks straight. We went through different activities. They had two therapists, two doctors there and there. There it is right there. And man. Oh, she's beautiful. What's her name? Paula. Paula Johnson. We call her Hurricane Paula. Who? Category. Hey. Hey, listen. Category Eddie five. Huh? When She gets, when she gets upset, it's a hurricane.


Oh, it's a hurricane. And listen, she showed out in that show, man, that's my baby. She showed out. But she just wouldn't, she left the show early. She didn't even finish the show. Oh. She left early cu the producers out cus the, the rest of the castmates out. She Didn't want it. Nah, She, she, she, she didn't want to get the help I wanted, man. But that's my baby. There, there was a funeral scene we did, there was a funeral scene we did where she was like, close the casket. So it was me in a casket. And how would she feel if I was to pass away? Oh. Oh man. She showed out. Oh, she showed out. Close the caskets. Let his baby mamas rolly men. Oh, it was, it was hilarious. Oh, she made it funny. Oh man. It was it. No, she was dead serious though. Oh. Oh. She was pissed. She, she was pissed. So that, that, that was the introduction.


Let baby mama roll, let him roll to that. Close that bitch and let his baby mamas roll his ass up outta here. Yeah. Yeah. And so people were that the world, the World. That's hilarious, dude. Yeah. The world was introduced to, to hurricane everything We did. She didn't play Provoke an emotional response. Do You want us to keep talking him that, that look alone? She didn't take any bullshit, huh? No, she didn't play. Doesn't Work. But you get I wrote That. I meant that. Watch this. Listen. I Haven't been a part of his life and he hasn't been a part of mine. He got his kids and baby mamas line 'em up. Let him roll his ass out. You said he wanted to close the cast. Get earlier. No, you close it. I don't work for the funeral home. Let, come on, let the children come close.


Sit down. Paula. Sit down. Paula. Never You do. You could never tell Paula to sit down. She's a legend. Oh, She's a legend. Especially in our area. We have a thing. You're not really a friend of mine. If you haven't been cursed out by my mom, that means you ain't been around long enough. Yeah. And that, that's how she was. And we, we loved her just like that. And I never got a chance to say goodbye. Aw. I never got a chance to say I love you. But I had the messages saved before she passed away. And it's her cursing me out. Yeah. I mean, let me have it, letting it rip. Like paragraph paragraphs. Oh yeah. Fuck you. And, and I wouldn't want it any other way. Yeah. I wouldn't want it any other way. Because that's who she was. That's who she was. That's fair. Yeah. I have a family member, they'll send me me, like some of the texts, they send shit in caps and moss.


Right. Things don't even make any sense. They'll be the, I can't even read it. Yeah. I'd already know what it is. Right. But at the same time, that's who they are, you know? Yeah. You have to love people where they're at. It's tough though. That's a tough time. I think so many people deal with that. How do I love a family member that's struggling? Right. You know, because you can even give 'em things. I mean, even if you are able to provide, then. Yeah. And the funny thing about it is, is I had to stop the bleeding as well. Because an individual like that, they would use, oh, I'm your mama as a reason for you to keep giving, giving, giving, giving. Ah. And a taker doesn't know when to stop it doesn't know when to stop. And, and there was no appreciation behind it because no matter how much I did, it was always an issue. So even at that point with mom, I even had to deal with her from, from orange length at a distance, you know?


Oh. And it is, it is, it was cool. We, my grandma raised me, so her and I weren't really eye to eye most of the time, but man, when, when the times were good. Oh man, they, oh, I, They were Good. I bet. But when it was bad. I know, huh. Oh, we talking about entertainment. Like her se her being on that show was able to introduce the world to who Hurricane Paula was. And she was TV gold. She was TV gold. Oh dude. That little bit right there. It almost reminds me of that g that woman in New York when she was at her best, remember? Yes. Yes. When she was at her best though. Yes. Yes. Like her best moments. Remind me of something just like that. Oh, that's interesting. And at least you had that mu at least you have that also a moment of you guys' time together, you know, to look at.


I bet she was super proud of you though. Was she able to express that to you? Yeah, Absolutely. She was proud of all the things I was able to accomplish. You know, obviously during, during my days in NFL, all the stuff I did off the field. But she was so unpredictable, the, I couldn't take her to important stuff. Oh yeah. Because, you know, red carpet stuff like that, I, I couldn't have her in those rooms because I don't know what Paula was gonna show up. Yeah. I didn't know which mom was gonna show up and I didn't want her to, to embarrass me in those moments. Moments that would be, we're supposed, we're supposed to be celebrating. Right. Whatever achieving it may be. But listen, if the wrong person is there and she sees she might snap Yeah. It doesn't care about their surroundings or their environment. So I, I had to be cautious. She'll get a pass in interference, she'll get a defensive pass interference.


Call man quick And don't care. And don't care. Yeah. Wow. Dude, that's so interesting. 'cause that's also, it has to be wild. 'cause that's where you obviously got a lot of your banter and ability to accept things, even if they're in a dangerous space. Yeah, most definitely. To keep. 'cause one thing that's interesting, I think about you, Chad, and this is kind of, it may be judgment, but it's just me kind of from the outside perspective, is even if things are chaotic and crazy for other people, you're still able to have this sense of humor that things aren't even, not that it doesn't matter Yeah. But that it's not affecting you. Yeah. I, I, it is, I think because of my upbringing and me being able to operate well in a chaotic environment, and I'm very comfortable being uncomfortable.


Mm. Very, it doesn't matter what's going, it doesn't matter what's going on. I love chaos. And I, I I operate well in chaos. Very well. It doesn't matter what it is. Now, will you also create the chaos just to then slide in and operate in it? Yes. Yes. Think about during my time playing. Yeah. I was very chaotic. Yeah. I purposely tried to piss the NFL off purposely because I understood the game is an entertainment sport. Ah. So therefore I'm going to bring just that, the entertainment value part to it. They didn't see it that way. But all of a sudden, everything I was vilified for now is a green light. Right. Everybody's celebrating, everybody's having fun. A good point. And I understood what I was doing. And look where you're at now. You're in a space where you're still entertaining. Right.


Still going. Still going. So in a little bit of a way, you're kind of before your, you're kinda before your time with that. Yeah. Way before. And it takes, it takes other, it's even like with podcasting, at first they thought podcasting was crazy. These people aren't doing shit. Right. They're out here doing, we got networks, we got all of this. And then, you know, as well as anybody, you, I mean, half your times when you're doing shows with Shannon, you're just sitting there on your phone or computer. He's in a studio sometimes, but songs you're showing up from wherever Yeah. From your home. You just tapped in off a laptop. And that's a, that's, you know. Yeah. I started the podcasting early too. I think in 2010. Let's Go. Tara Owens and I had a show called The Tcho Show. Yeah. And that, oh yeah. That was, that was the first form of podcasting in a sense. I think that, that, that there ever was. Dude, I remember, so I lived in LA for maybe 11 years.


I remember I went one time, I was meeting some girl, I think I met her off the internet or something, but I was gonna take her. She's like, will you take me shopping? And I was like, fuck shopping. So I know. And I was like, yeah. Is this before Or after sex? This was before Sex is before a handshake. And so, but I knew I wasn't gonna take her anywhere. Nice. You know, I was, but I still wanted to, I think I was just susceptible. Right. So I'm like, where can I take this girl that's not expensive, but American Apparel that has h and m. Right. Right. So that's kind of the district I took her in. Right, right. Anyway, she's looking at shit and everything. And I saw Tara Owens and McCulley Kin having lunch together.


That's dope. God. And it was beautiful. It was almost like seeing a lochness monsters or sas. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Who would ever see that? You know? So something like, just sometimes you see certain groups of people in the wild. It's just beautiful. But what made t was it was t 'cause you guys were also teammates. Yeah. He, He was in Cincinnati. Was he as entertaining? What, what was, what was, Absolutely. And I gotta think we were friends before that. I remember I stood on the table for TN Theo. I knew we had the opportunity to get him. So I talked to Marvin Lewis, I talked to Mike Brown. I said, we gotta get T in here. We gotta get T in here. As much as I've accomplished here at the Cincinnati angle, can we please get one of the greatest players to ever play? Mm.


Top three all time, no matter what. I have no problem taking a backseat and being his robin. Really? Oh, absolutely. With nothing but respect. So I couldn't wait. And, and TN Theo having t in that locker room and watching him practice and having a great understanding on his approach to the game of football. Man, that was a treat. And I think it's a treat. I've never had a, a chance to actually sit there and tell him how much I admired him in general as not only a player, but his approach to the game of football. And I got a better understanding on why he's one of the greatest really, of all time. Yeah, man. It, it was a joy. Was his approach, like what made it so special? His approach. I know, I mean, there's rumors that he, he sleeps in like a barbaric chamber or something. Yeah. He, he did All of that shit.


Shit. He sleeping in like a, a hollowed out missile or Whatever. Yeah. He's, I'm the complete opposite, you know, to, was very massages hyperbaric chamber, ice tub, cold tub, he eat right salad. All this stuff I didn't do. And I'm McDonald's cigars complete opposites. Totally different sides of the spectrum. So it, it's just, just being around a man, it, it was such a joy and I was a sponge and he, he doesn't even know it. I took as much as I could from him in that moment, you know, in that, in that year I had with him. And still to this day, very good friend of mine. Man. Very good friend. Well, I never got to, I've never gotten to meet him.


A lot of people are getting their tax refunds right about now. And it's always smart to invest a piece of your refund. But this month it's twice as smart because Acorns is giving you the chance to get your tax refund matched and invested in you Acorns. It's a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. I just got my nieces and nephews set up with some Acorns accounts. I love the way they do investing. You don't need to be rich Acorns let you get started with the spare money you've got Right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you weather all of the markets ups and downs. And don't forget, sign up for Acorns now and you could be one of 100 people to get your tax refund matched. Just download the Acorns app and sign up with code Theo two zero. That's right. THEO number two. Number zero, Theo. 20. For your chance to get your refund matched and invested in You Don purchase necessary open. The USC legal residency are 18 plus void prohibited. See rules, Alterna entry at acorns com slash contest and dash promotions. Pay client endorsement compensation provided deposit promoting Acorns tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risk, acorns Advisors, llc, and registered investment advisor. Q important mr acorns com slash deal.


Starting your own business can be intimidating, it can be surprising also, you know, you get a business going and suddenly you realize all the other hats you have to wear. You have to be your own accountant. You have to be your own organizer, your own booker, your own schedule, or your own supplier. There's just so many different things that come along with doing it yourself. It was hard for me in the early days of this podcast, and it would've been easier if I'd have had a partner like Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the US From household names like Mattel and Gym Shark to brands just getting started. Get started with your own design studio, with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand's style. Turn your big business idea into with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash t. Go to Shopify dot com slash theo. That's Shopify dot com slash THEO.


Anywhere worth going? Is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. I've found mine. God, I love my little set of giddy uppers. Kovas. You ever wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style? Will you owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of kovas? Find comfort in the traditions of the west. Everyone of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. I love my kovas. I just love them. I got those work towed and it's just, I feel locked in. Dang it. I feel like I could just change the tire on a dang Conestoga wagon. Plus with Kovas best in the West guarantee you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash theo. When you sign up for email and texts, that's 10% off at t eco OV s.com/t HEO Tecovas dot com slash theo. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes West.


Yes. Something interesting. Like if you game, like if you, if you get like some popularity in your life or something happens, you get to meet different people. Yeah, well it had to be crazy in your world because you kind of go from a college, right? And I know you went to SMCI went to SMC. You did? Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was at SMC too. Yeah. I went to MC Man. Yeah. It was the SMC was wild, bro. Yeah, because it, there was nowhere to fucking park. So dude, it was like I would drive to school and if I didn't park, I wasn't learning. That was it. I I took the bus. Yeah. I took the bus down. Yeah. Bus down Pico. I, I never forget at that time, I had a young lady I was dating. She lived in the jungles across from Dorsey High School right off Coliseum in the third building. I, I'll never forget. And I would take the bus, I would take the bus to, to school and All.


What was it like playing? Because that was a community college. But it was probably a really good program they had. It was the best that they could have. It was good. It, especially back then, obviously Steve Smith senior. Yeah. Yeah. He was on the team with me. And I, I needed that. I need to get outta the environment out here in Miami. To, To, because this is where you started out at. Yeah. With ab Was AB running when you were running? Well, He was a little younger. Oh, was ab ab Yeah, AB was a little, but Did you hear about him or no? Yeah, I watched him in high school when he was at Newland. Yeah. I've been watching AB for years. And his dad was also from Miami. Troy, I'm not sure. Not I not sure. Hollywood. Touchdown Brown. Who is that right there? That's Eddie Brown. Touchdown. Eddie Brown. That's a's daddy. His father. That's ab B'S Dad. That's his dad. Serious. Yeah.


His father had the most touchdowns. He still holds a record, I think For arena football. I think most touchdowns in Arena football. Wait, That's his dad. For real? I didn't Know that. Dan Eddie Brown. Oh, that's dope. But I don't know how many siblings and stuff he has. How about do you He gets put on the CTE bus a lot. You know, he gets put on that baby bus, I think Know they, they, they, they They, do you think that's true or do you think it's Nah, I, I, I think he knows what he's doing and he played into the CTE thing real well. And you know, his CTE, his C-T-E-E-S-S-P-N. Hilarious dude. Hey. It, it, it is hilarious. It it is hilarious. And he's kind of bridging a little bit. He does a little bit of racial bridging. Kinda, yeah. A little bit.


A little bit. 'cause he'll call people name, you know, he'll call some guy cracker, some guy, the N word. He'll mix. He'll call a the N word. He don't get a, there's no, He's a, he's in a space Right now where he knows what he's doing and he knows how to get that traction. He knows how to get that reaction. You know, I cheer him on because I do find that it's interesting where he's at. And I hope he can figure out the best way to manage it. I mean, look at this shit. Hey, listen, he, he's, he's on the right, he's on a historic run Right now. He's on, he's on a historic run in his own lane doing what he does. I I, I love, I love him to death. I love him to death. You know, obviously a friend of mine before football Oh really? Yeah. Before football. Yeah. Yeah. This goes way back.


And that, that's someone I will always support. Whether, whether it's up close, whether it's from afar, you know, his decisions that he makes, you know, that's him. He's agree. He's a grown man. But it's one thing about him. I I'm gonna always love him. He No, that's nice to hear, man. Yeah. There's, I'll say this, there's something extremely lovable about him, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's like whatever he does, whatever he is, like anything he's saying him as a person, he has such a, like a warm energy and smile. And now I haven't seen like a darker side of him. There may be, I don't know. But he's got such a smile that it's like, you want to get on, you want to hear what's gonna go, what's gonna happen with him. Yeah. You know, he's very, very interesting. Very, very unpredictable. Unpredictable, Unpredictable. That's what makes, that's what makes this so awesome, because you don't know what the fuck, excuse me.


You don't know. You can curse. You curse, curse. You don't, You don't know what the fucking gonna happen next. Because I don't even think he know. He might know, but he, you're like, I'm gonna ride with him even if he Doesn't, doesn't listen. Every, everything AB does Right now is, is strategic. It's strategic, it is planned out. And he's two steps ahead of everybody else. Yeah. I love hearing that. Yeah. Belichick really opened a portal with the dating a young lady, man. Yeah. I mean, the poor Of that. Yeah. I had an opportunity to work with Bill this past season on NFL films. So Bill was there with me and Ryan Clark and Chris Long. And Do you get to meet his girlfriend then? No, I don't. I I, no, no, I didn't, I didn't meet her. I didn't meet her. I think I, I might might've saw her once. I mean, people Are over, they're almost overshadowing his acumen and what he's done with her.


You know, the media will do that a lot of times. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, bill, bill is, bill Bill's gonna be able to do what he wants to do. His resume speaks for itself. And I'm excited for Bill, obviously. And, and what he gonna do, turning that UNC program around and getting another opportunity to coach the NFL. Yeah. Now what he decide to do with his personal life, that, you know, that's one thing I stay away from. You know, I always stay away from stuff like that. Yeah. Did. Yeah. 'cause I'm trying to, 'cause my dad was 70 when I was born. My mom was 32. Right. Okay. They had what is Bill's difference in it? 74 and 23, right? I think so. So yeah. I mean, you know, I didn't love having a old, if they had children, I don't know if I loved having a old dad because, you know, it's like a limited time offer.


You know, every time you see him, that shit is the, the clock is, you know, ticking. Oh, the clock is ticking. Heaven's gonna make a draft pick, you know? Yeah. So you start to see that 49 year age gap. But who knows if they're in love. Yeah. Listen, love. Who loves you. Mm. Love who loves you. That's, that's, that's all I can say. Do you feel like it's risky, like with athletes and stuff, there's a lot of like, you know, there's a lot of potential for, to get in a sticky situations because a lot of athletes, they're, you know, they're people know that they have money. Yeah. They're, they're in great shape.


You know, it seems to be like it happens more often than not these Days. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. You, I mean, you got, you gotta be cautious. You, you gotta be weary and always understand that, you know, sometimes most of those that you'll deal with. Yeah. Most of those who will deal with you is because of what you can do and not who you are. How do you try and figure that out? Like, you can't, you Can't, you can't figure it out because Because you've, you have, You always have to lead, lean into it with that same thought process. Like, what are you saying? You have to understand, especially when you have money and you have things going on for yourself. Would you be able to get the same girl that's with you now if you didn't have it? Mm. Nine times.


Nine times outta 10. Absolutely not, not that's just, that's reality. You know? I don't know. I think, and I think that goes, that goes for every, that goes for any and everybody, you know, like that's just life. That's just the way it is. Right. If you could, if you lost the ability to provide the woman you're with Right now, would she still be there? And that's probably for any man really, almost in any space period. If you lost the ability to provide Yeah. Period. Or do the things or, or give her the lifestyle that you've been able to, what was she doing before you came along? Yeah. And look what you've done with that certain individual that you're with. You know? And depending on how much money you have, your leash is very long. And when things hit the roof, most of the time when she leaves you, she has to take that money with her to continue that lifestyle.


Oh yeah. That's a tough spot then. Because your money's gonna get kind of divided up. Yeah. Do you have, you have a lot, you have a decent amount of children. Yeah. A lot. 85, You have 85. Is that your goal? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you got get, That was my goal. But then also the people I've had kids with, we were all on one accord. What does That mean? On one accord, I only dated women that were athletic. I'm not having kids just to, just to have kids. Oh. So do you have some strategy? Yeah, There was strategy behind mine. I don't care about you being a bad bitch. I don't care about you being on IG with your ass out. I don't Care that and no BBLs all of That. I don't, I mean, that's fine. Whatever you need to do to, to, to feel better about yourself. That I'm fine with that.


But I needed an only dated women that were athletic. Wow. So my kids had a head start on that foundation of athletic ability. That's, so I look at women, I look at ankles. Yeah. 'cause I look at some track. Yeah. Do you see some of them track women? Yeah. My, my daughter run track at University of Kentucky now. Oh really? Yeah. Y'all live in Nashville, man, that's not far for real. Yeah. If you go up to a ga, if you go up to see a meet, I'll come up there and meet up with you guys in Lexington. Yeah, dude, that'd be awesome. Yeah, because I bet they'll also run against LSU I on LSU if they run against LSU or Vanderbilt. Absolutely. Dude, that'd be sick, bro. I'll come up there, man. Yep. And I, I, I don't have, I never had really have this. If she is, yeah, this is when she was young. And she's good, huh? Oh yeah. She can go. She can go.


She can't beat me, but she can go. Do you think she'll be able to beat you at some point? Absolutely not. Because before my, any of my kids, listen. Come on man. God, come on. Hey, listen, before my kids beat me in anything, I would trip her. I'm just being honest. I would trip her before she beat me. Yeah. Not, not happening. Not happening. Did Dang. So you, so was her mother athletic? Absolutely. Yeah. Do you See those all track ladies? All, All, all of them all. Did you cheer, did you play volleyball? Did you run track Volleyball? Yeah. I mean, just, I just need to see, But sheer, sometimes you get these little nuggets that you get them little McNuggets out there. But, but I, I know I can tell. 'cause when I go on dates, I like to go places where you have to, you have to show me athletic ability.


Ooh. Go to Dave and Busters. Can you shoot now if you don't have no foreman, can't shoot. I can't do nothing with you. Yeah. Can go bowling, go roller skating, you Know. Oh, that's a good One. You see? So I, I hold my own, my own roller. No roller. Maybe it's ice skating for black people right there. That's what that is. Dude. The combine. I hold my own combine. Oh yeah. They think we're going on dates. Little do you know, I'm really, I'm taking notes. Okay. You can bowl. Okay. You don't really have any coordination, skating. You got to stop. Watch. But I can work on that. Come on Chad. Yeah. Go go to the gym. Oh, Joe, a gym date. Oh, please Take him to the gym on a second date. Yeah. Yeah. First date Dave and Busters, you know, check out coordination. Let me see how your lateral movement is.


Yeah, that's, that's, Hey, you laughing? That shit is important. No, look, sometimes Listen you I some, some of these guys No, There's a good point. Yeah. They date women. Oh, she's so fine. She's on IG live. She's fine as hell. Blah, blah, blah. You have a child, your child got two left feet. Yeah. And you wonder why your child get picked last in pe Yeah. Your child out there, he's swimming in a little circle. Yeah. That, yeah. Oh, they come home sad. Nobody pick me. Yeah. Nah, fuck that. Yeah. Fuck that dog. If you, if you, if yeah, if she can't play kickball, I'm out. Oh Dude, That's 'cause that's a good test of a lot of different sports at once a lot. Run and kick it at the same time. Yes. You know how hard that is to do. Very tough. The coordination to be able to run forward and kick, kick in rhythm.


Yep. That's the fucking Mozart of athletics to me. Boy, kickball show you a lot. Yep. Absolutely. That's what I'm saying there. But there's a lot of traps. A lot of people don't think like that because you have to think too. Like you, so do you think, do you think a lot of men, 'cause I feel like a lot of lemme get this right? So in the NFL they got a lot of guys that seems like who wanna have a lot of children. Right? Do you think that that's true? No. I think at times you Like, is that a stereotype? The black with black, you get caught up in the, do they have a lot of guys who wanna have a lot of children? Well, There are a lot of white guys too. They have a lot of kids as well. Yeah. But I think we just get caught up in the moment most of the time. And I think our counterparts, on the other hand, they have a little bit more, a little bit more discipline in that area.


But I think they, they, they're not as bad as us. But also they're, what do you mean our Counterparts? I mean, white, white guys. Okay. So white guys versus black guys. Yeah. Yeah. That, yeah. I'm not even looking at it like in a, I guess I am looking at, obviously in culture, right? I'm not really looking at it in race, but I'm looking at it in culture, right? Yeah. So I'm thinking in black culture, is it more of a thing to have It ha It happens. It happens a lot because we get caught up in the moment. Okay. We get caught up in the moment now I, I'm, I'm one who, who's one of those. And Y'all like to spike the ball. Yeah. Yeah. But for me, everything I've done was strategic and not done on purpose. There was a method to my madness. There was a method of my nobody's, I'm not having kids, nobody's running into child support and Oh, che no, no. Because we all had one end goal. You understood what it was. And I also had kids with people that I've known before I even made it.


Mm. So there were no ulterior motives like most have when you meet 'em once you've already had money. Yeah. So it's different. Yeah. You need some thought outta equinox or Something and you have a child and the first thing you wonder why things don't work out. Yeah. Not things most times don't work out, But No, it's like, yeah. You don't know who you're, you don't, you're putting yourself at risk. Yeah. Most. So you're saying instead of risk straight, you, you're having more strategy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most Definitely. Yeah. 'cause I just wonder, I I sometimes I wonder in black culture, do they view, do black men view the world differently? Like, is there a, do they view it more as like a, I'm a king and this is my castle? Nah, I don't, I I don't, you know, that's just how I wonder sometimes or like Yeah, like is there strategy sometimes?


Well, I, I gave you mine, right? And I've, I've always lived by that. No matter who it was. I don't care how fine you are. I'm not here to raise models. Right. I want athletes, so therefore I'm gonna procreate with those damn who give me just that. You might a little dy you listen, you have Yeah. Have fun and go on dates and Yeah. For those who, who are not that, but when it comes to having kids, oh, oh honey Uhuh, I don't care how fine you are. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got a kid, your kid walking at three weeks Running Yeah. At Four. Yeah. For first, first birthday. You get him a hurdle. Do you think, what else am I thinking about?


Do you think, do, do you think there's a lot of gay, they just had a guy, they were talking about a gay gentleman in in the NFL. Do you think there's more gay men in the NFL that we just don't know about? Yeah, absolutely. And they're afraid to safe ab Absolutely. They, they probably don't want to, it'd make every, make people uncomfortable. And I Media would make it a big deal. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I'm, I'm sure it is. I'm sure it is. And I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't have a problem with it, you know, because I'd be the one making jokes. Oh Yeah, Yeah. I, I, listen, I'd be the one making jokes. I don't care what you are gay, trans A, B, C I don't care. I'm, I'm accepting of all. Yeah. And I, I would, I would have a, I Would've time, but I still caught up on them. Oh Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. And it's probably for the best.


'cause if you get some good jokes going, that's the thing about joking all the time. It's like they tried to make joking a crime over the past like 10 years. Everything Is, everybody's very sensitive. Yeah. Very, very. That's one reason I like ab is because he just, you know, in his heart that he probably don't have a lot of malice in that world. Right. But he likes to have fun. You know, that's one thing I think that black culture does better than white culture does, is tell jokes. Yeah, dude, if you get around and you start clowning on somebody, but you're right there with them. They know you are supporting. Yeah. But man, that's Shit. Hey listen. And then, you know, the next bullet is coming. Right. The next time they get a chance, it's coming for you. Yeah, most definitely. That's the most fun Dude.


Yeah. I don't, I don't know why, why people are they, they call it homo homophobic, you know? I, I think, and I think that's one of the reasons a lot of players don't wanna come out, you know, or people in general that might swing the other way. I mean, shoot, fuck. It just, it is, it is who you living your truth. And Plus they got some gangster gay dudes out there now, bro. Yeah. It's not like the gay dudes 20 years ago. No. Yeah, yeah. Everybody was feminine. Nah. Yeah. They got whatever, Drawing a, a rainbow bright or Something. They got gay dudes to beat your ass. God. Literally, literally. Listen, I I, I've always been fond to that, that that community, they've always showed love to me and I've always showed love back. Oh yeah. They got some severe gay dudes. There's a song right there by Eves.


I didn't know they had this song. I never, I never heard this. Who sings that? That's great. Yep. It's funny. It is funny, especially where we are in the world Right now. Yeah. That some people based on occupation and based on what you do, you really can't come out because it can jeopardize what you have going on. But it feels like the only place that is kind of, well maybe there's, I'm sure there's probably like some, like, probably farming communities, like, you know, I bet there's probably farming communities and maybe the in and maybe athletics, but I don't know, in women's athletics it's accepted. Oh, it's accepted. Yeah, it's Accepted. It's probably the same Men's athletics. Do you think that there's a, if you took the gay players from all the team, do you think you could make a, you think you could make a gay team in the NFL?


No. Probably not. So You don't think there's enough gay men to make a team? No, No. No. Not that many. Which division you think in the NFL probably have the most gay players? I have no idea. That's a good, that's a good one. I have no idea because I don't know, I don't know everybody's preference. Right. I don. But if You don had to guess, even just by looking at some of, let's pull up the, just pull up the, That's the funny thing about, you can't look at somebody and tell No, you can't. But I'm just saying, looking at some of these records though, the cowboy brought, Hey, that's last year. No, no, no, no. Oh, okay. Hey, that's a, that's a good one. I mean, to, to be able to statistically rate how many people would be you? You would never know. Right? You would never know. Would, but it's fun to guess would to get friends.


But I will say this, I think, I think it would be great if they had a gay team. You think so? Yeah. Because you know how many people Support them. Yeah. People want, oh, they, it would be huge. People always want the underdog, right? Yeah. They always want the underdog. Would They, would they really be the underdog? I, that's a good point. Would they really be the underdog? Right. But I think they would be billed as the underdog. Right. Just in general. Right. In general. That's good point. Now that's a fair statement. Would they actually physically in capability be the underdog? No, we have no idea. Right. Because we, we don't know what the team is, but I think they would get billed as this underdog, which would give them a chip on their shoulder type of mentality, you know? Right.


I think it's one of the same reasons why you see like, Oh, they have a, a, a national gay football league. Oh, they got a squad already. I'm telling you about, we're getting close and everybody throw with their left arm in that thing. Boy, God, look at that. I didn't know. I didn't know they had that. Oh, I bet that's hype. Dude, I went to the women's lingerie bowl one time. I remember lingerie football used to be huge. They hid each other. They go crazy. I've seen some of the clips on Twitter and They were beautiful too. Gosh. Yeah. Oh, I like, I like the outfits.


God. Yeah. I like the outfits. Shoulder pads, legs, breasts, knees, everything. Head, arms. Oh yeah. God, that shit was nice. Yeah. Right here. And they would talk, they talk a lot of trash. They talk A lot of shit right there. They'd be like, bitch, I'm gonna knock your ovaries out gangster shit like that. This is dope. I'm gonna knock your nipples off that say shit like that. Hey, they, I wonder do they still, they don't have this anymore, huh? I Don't know. Have you ever considered investing in a type of athletically? Nah, nah. No. I, I, I would stick to the things I know.


And that, that is, that is cigars. Yeah. Cigars and kids. Those are my investments. Okay. Do you think they have one last question on gay players? Do you think they, they got enough? Oh, oh, oh. So tell me this. Do you think they got enough gay players in the NFL to beat the jets? Be real with me. Ocho I have no idea You would've to go by a position. Is there one gay player to each position that is one of the best in the game at their position, but even then, I'm not sure. The jets obviously look bad last year. Ain't no telling. Ain't no telling how they gonna be this year now that they have a quarterback in Justin Fields.


So we'll see what happens. That's a good question. I would like to see that game. I like that hypothetical. Thank you, sir. I would love to see that. And who would I even cheer for in that? I would cheer for the gay team. I probably would too. Yep. I'd be out there. Shit. I would coach 'em. I water boyed them dogs. I'd be out there. Water boying. Dude. We got s a little bit of zest sauce for everybody in the huddle. How tough is it for a player if you're going to a new team, if you know that the quarterback hasn't had a ton of success? Is that a tough spot to be in? How do you manage your expectations? Like, you know, you're going to a team where, you know, maybe you leaving a team that had like a Drew Brees or a Tom Brady. Right. And you know, the balls are coming.


Right. Right. And you know, they're gonna be in a vicinity where you can catch 'em and you know, there's gonna be 30 passes a game. And then you, you get into a spot where you're at a quarterback that's gonna throw 22 passes a game and he's maybe gonna get 170 yards outta him, 140 yards, you know? Yeah. But it all depends on the quarterback and the offense you go to and how much they're gonna use you. It's all on how good you are. Obviously, if you're going to another team, most of the time you're not who you thought you were. Ooh. Mo most of the time. So, So you have to think about that. If you weren't, if you weren't regarded that much, that they're keeping you, you're not who you thought you Were. Think unless you're on the back end of your career, normally, once a player hits year 10, they move on from you regards to who you are.


No matter how good you are. You know, Jerry Rice to Randy Mos at some point, teams move even moved on from them. And they, we talk about some of the greats, you know, greats ever. But when it happens early, you know, you in year three or year four, it, it is time to look in the mirror and say, how can I make myself more valuable if they were willing to move on from me? Hmm. And what are ways you think that players can do that? Like, what can you do to make Yourself, you gotta work on your craft. You gotta you gotta work on your craft. How there are players coming in year in, year out. Always. But how can I continue to main make sure my value stays at a high level? Yeah. With to where no matter who's coming out, you won't be able to get this kind of production from anyone else.


And that's, that's, that's the fight every year. You got somebody coming behind you.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


Dads are mysterious creatures. I think that's undeniable. One moment. They're rewiring the lawnmower with duct tape and old shoe laces. And the next, they're trimming their nose hairs with a pocket knife in the rear view mirror. Way to go, dad. They say they don't want anything, but trust me what they need is a grooming upgrade. So this year, instead of getting your father a world's best dad mug, he's just gonna use to collect screws. Step it up with the Manscaped Beard and Balls bundle over 12 million men. Trust Manscaped. Join them and use Code Theo for 15% off your entire order. They have all in one grooming with the beard hedger. They have a dual blade system on the lawnmower 5.0 with interchangeable foil and trimmer blades. Keeps things fresh and smooth this Father's Day. Don't give him another fishing lure or novelty hot sauce. Give dad the gift of smooth with the Manscaped beard and balls bundle. Go to Manscaped dot com, use code Theo for 15% off your entire order, and make sure your pops look sharp from his face to his front porch. His balls will Thank you. And if they could talk, they'd sound like Morgan Freeman.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I've had mental health issues. Dang, I can't even, I got 'em Right now. I have 'em. I'm thinking about 'em Right now, which is crazy. I've had 'em. We all need help. If you know something's off, get some help because that's how it gets bad. People are always like, I'll figure it out. It'll figure itself out. It doesn't. And you won't, but you can. That's why I recommend BetterHelp Mental Health Awareness Month. That's what this is. So let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash THEO to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/theo. And we thank BetterHelp for supporting the podcast.


Yeah. I'm friends with Jordan Matthews. He played for the Philadelphia and now he got played for Carolina and he's getting in into the later years of his career. But it's interesting to see him go there and now, like he is a little bit more of like a leadership role, you know? Right. Lead by example. Show up like Jay Matt shows up every day, you know? Yeah. Great attitude, great energy. But it's just interesting to see what happens to guys as they get later in their career and how do they still make themselves right? Valuable. Yeah. They're in other ways to A squad, you know, In other ways outside of production. Yeah. You have to and and that's, you believe that that's what Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. You know, veteran leadership, you know, around a bunch of young guys, someone that conducts themselves the right way in the locker room. A good locker room presence can, can, can carry you on an extra two or three years in the NFL. So that's not a myth. Oh no, absolutely.


They, wow. You know, coaches like that, coaches like that. A good guy, clean guy. One that, you know, not gonna have any problems. He's gonna show the young dudes on how to work, how to work on your craft and approach and study, study film and stuff like that. That's very valuable outside of production. Amen. Do you think, when you look at your career, do you think you could have operated differently in some years to get, have gotten more outta yourself? Right. We all look, you know, 'cause I'm critical of myself. Right. You know, I look back and I want the, to do the best I can, even though I don't know what it is sometimes. But I wanna do my best. And sometimes I'll look at certain interviews. Like I interviewed Mark Zuckerberg a couple weeks ago from the Facebook guy, you know? Right, right, right, right.


And I, like, I should have done, I knew I could have done better. I think I had like a little bit of a plan, but I think I got nervous. And so when I look back on that, I'm like, man, I, I wish I would've asked some things that were more important. Right. Things I really wanted to ask, but I was afraid to. Right. Do you look back in certain years of your career and you're like, yeah, I could've done some things differently at this time. Either I was younger or I was, I Mean, when I look back at my career, I would've done everything I did plus more because I had some great ideas that I get didn't get a chance to do. You Know, like, what do you mean by that? I mean, just the fun. The fun. I would, I would've pushed the envelope even more. Really? Just having a good time. Yeah, Having a good time. Because listen, the NFL is not for long.


And I had a short window to maximize as much as I could. Not outta myself and outta the NFL. And I did. I did just that, which is one of the reasons why I'm still going to this day. Right. Pushing forward. But looking back, you're like, man, if I'd have known what I know now, if I'd have known then what I know now, then I could have done even more. Right. I yeah, most definitely. But that Like, is that what you mean? Or, or do you mean like physically training more? Like do you feel No, no, no. Just my approach to the game in general. Just on field stuff. So what do you, why do you feel like your attitude was different at certain years? No, I was the same always. I was always authentically myself. What you see Right now, off camera or on camera, it's the same way I was on field. Yeah. You know, that that wasn't a, that that wasn't a character that was really me.


And I just chose not to conform and not to behave the way they said I should. Yeah. The way I played in the NFL, the same way I played when I was in high school. It was the same way I played when I was in Pop Warner. Just because you've paid me millions of dollars. I'm not changing who I am just for that. Absolutely not. Did you ever have teams shot as like, tell you to Pi like No, they Loved it. Never. They loved it. The referees loved it. Opposing teams, coaches loved it. Opposing teams, players loved it. Everything. Everything I did, I could see that. 'cause there's this, there's kind of a thing like even if somebody's the enemy, if they're an enjoyable enemy, dude, you kind, kind of just thankful to have somebody around that's gonna keep you entertained. That's gonna keep things fun. That's what's Not on not only entertainment, but what I brought to the game and those I'm playing against.


Yeah. It was nothing but a competitive nature. Nothing I did was malicious. Yeah. But you knew one thing, if we playing OCHO or we playing the Bengals in general, I got to come to play. Yeah. 'cause I'm gonna challenge you during the week through the media. Yeah. I sent, I sent gifts to the defenses. We were playing to the secondaries just to make it fun. What kind of stuff? Like high heels or Something? No, no. Like Pepto. I sent Pepto Bismol to the Browns. I sent, I sent. Oh. 'cause you about to deal with this shit, huh? Yeah. I, I want me to make you sick to your stomach. Yeah. I sent gifts to the Falcons before. Who else? The Steelers I sent. I sent them some. Just, just, just fun man. Just fun stuff. And they would, they would always get the packages Saturday morning. Look, I I in them packages, bro.


Bro, you're like a fucking dangerous Santa. Wow. No. It just, just happens Was I was going to make them Sick or they were going to get sick of covering me. So here's some Pepto ahead of time. All fun. All fun. That's hilarious. And just, you think that kind of stuff can really affect a defense. You think? Just their mentality. What do you think it really does? Yes. It, it messes them up. Because if you get, if you go out there and you trying to kill me, that lets me know you're outta control. Oh, you're outta control. So I, I do stuff like that if I can. I like to play mental gymnastics. Yeah. If I can get you outta your game. If I can get you talking to me in the middle of a game. I got a, I got a little edge on you. Oh, a little edge on you. Just, just min I did that, that small edge. Because if you're worried about me personally, you're not worried about me as a player. Bingo. And you're not worried about the game in general as a whole itself.


Damn Dude. Stuff like that is so true. It's like, 'cause you, 'cause even when you say if you look back on a, on, on a moment in your life, you're like, damn, I could have been a little bit more locked in or I let this get me a little and it did affect me. And that happens. Yeah. So then if you think that of ahead that way and you think if I can cause that to them Yeah. That, and I know that that outcome really occurs, then that, then that me causing that is worthwhile. Yeah, absolutely. That's so true. Listen, the funny thing about it is, is being outta control and trying to hurt an individual that you're playing against, which is what happened to me every game. I had no problem because I, I enjoyed playing very calm under chaos. So you're gonna be chaotic.


Right. Somebody nice and relaxed and calm and you being angry. That split second of anger you're gonna miss. Mm. You're gonna whiff, you know, is this is the, the game of football is a game of inches. Yeah. And once I know I'm in your head, I'm gonna always have that half an inch over you every time. Who, who hit you the hardest when you were playing? Do you feel like Brian Russell, Bryan Russell, Brian Russell, Cleveland, Browns garbage time Carson threw a slant over the middle and he Gotcha. Game is over. There was no reason I was supposed to be in the game. And I, I was knocked out. Watch this up top. All the way up top 36 Cincinnati. Oh, oh God. And that is, is the one hit I, the one hit I took and was concussed calmer intercepted.


Yeah. And did he even call or email you, Chad? Nah, he didn't, nothing. It, it was good. I enjoyed You see the scoreline, huh? Yes. 34 10. Why am I, why am I even in the game? And it's what a minute. Go on the clock. But real talk though, if they'd have taken you out the game at this point, would you have been upset? Do you guys wanna be in there getting stats or what's it really like? You know, I don't know why we were in the game at that point. I'm, I'm not sure that that game was over. Obviously the Battle of Ohio, one of the, one of the biggest games for us. Oh, I, I see the point. People came, maybe they don't wanna see the stars the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. So when you, was there a quarterback that you, do you feel like you got the best opportunity with your quarterback? Yeah. Hell yeah. Carson. Yeah. Absolutely. I just don't know. You don't know if people are sitting there thinking like, And whoever the quarterback is, didn't matter.


You don't think so? I didn't know. 'cause I'm, I'm coming in and my skillset was at a point in how I felt was I'm gonna make your job easy. Barbara Kowski was the officer coordinator when we played. I'm making your job easy. If you know you need to play and you need a catch or you need a whatever it may be. Yeah. You know who number to call. Oh yeah. That's my mindset. Like, I don't, I don't need you to be great throwing the ball. Just put it in the area. Just anywhere in the area. I'll take it. I'll take care of the rest. Was there, do you think players sometimes, like at the end of games, they're like asking coaches, Hey, give me trade for me or something like that. People secretly like, yeah, That, yeah, that happens all the time. Yeah. That, that, now that happens all the time.


No. So people say it quick in that quick little hook. Hey, T trade, Forgive me. Trade, trade for me. Yeah, absolutely. For me, trade for, for me. Damn. Because you wanted them Hugs are fast, but sometimes you see their mouth moving. Yeah. That's why you see players always cover their mouth. Oh yeah. But it's hard now because everybody's micd up. Oh Yeah. Everybody's micd up. So, yeah. That happens though. That's a good one. Do you feel like it's a, I wish I had me a cigar. I would try one man. I should have got one. If I catch up with this weekend, I'll get, I'll get one. I got How, how long Do you got? You have your own brand? Yeah, 85. Remember? Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't bring Them up. Lemme get a look. Lemme get a gander at them dog right there.


And where do y'all get that? Where do y'all get the Dr. Dominican In? The DR Let Le Lettuce. What's it called? Nicotine lettuce. The leaf. The leaf. Tobacco. Tobacco. Yeah. In Dr. Right now we, we do man production outta y'all Get down there Dominican Republic, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Now we dis distribute from Nicaragua now. Really? Yeah. That's where my dad's from, man. For Real. That's dope. That's dope. That's crazy, bro. Oh yeah. Wow. What are the odds of that? Man? Boy. Vitas The Good Life baby. Do you think, is this a make or break year for Joe Burrow?


Tell me what you think. What do you think? Oto? No. Not make or break. Fuck. No. You don't think so? No. Absolutely not. Make or break. What? He ain't going nowhere. I know he ain't gonna but this. But in the perception of maybe in the perception of fans, you think it's Nah, I wouldn't Call. They got a great offense, you know? Yeah. Crazy offense. I agree. But they, so at that point, if you, if you're gonna give up 35 points, you gotta be able to score 40 points. Bingo. Like, I, I, I'm glad you said that. Now what we do need to do is we need to start fast. We need to start early, you know, in the beginning of the season, you know, losing to the Patriots the way we did in the beginning of the season. It hurt us on the, on the back end. We need to start fast. We don't have to ride on other teams to lose or win for us to have an opportunity to get into the playoffs. I don't, nobody wants to see us offensively if we make it into the playoffs.


Yeah. Ravens very good. Bills very good. Chiefs very good. And that will always be the three or four teams that are in, in the hunt every, every season. Who, who's a team you think coming this year might actually have a, that, that, that's gonna be something different, do you think? Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good one. There's always a surprise team every year, Because I'm a Saint's guy. The Saints started off last year. They had two big games outta the gate. Yep. Outta the gate. It'd be Dallas, about 30. They scored over 40 the first two games and then It went bad. I mean, went so sour. Yeah. So I, I have no idea. And it's hard to tell, you know, you have, you have some special players that have, that have gotten drafted. So we're gonna see how they can impact the game early and impact that team in general.


Oh yeah. So I'm, I'm curious. I'm excited to see, you know, what, what Travis Hunter does in Jacksonville. I'm excited to see what Abdul Carter does. Jackson Dart, who is The Oh yeah. Excited For hims in New York now. He'll Probably, he's with the Giants, right? Yeah. Yeah. He'll Probably, he'll probably sit down and, and Russell will be at the helm. Or It's gonna be a pressure some market over there. But it'll be interesting. 'cause Russell, you don't really know how it's gonna go. Yeah, Yeah. But listen, they, they got Malik neighbor, so they, they gonna be all right. LS You got Washington commanders right there. I'm excited for them, man. Hey, they, Jays fun though. They're gonna always be in the hunt every year. Every football team in NFL is a quarterback away from being in contention year in, year out. The commanders have their quarterback for the next decade.


Why is it so hard to have? Because you usually have about 6, 17, 18 that have good quarterbacks. Right? The quarterback does well that year. Right. Why is it so hard to have that position be good? Well, it's hard to find a quarterback. That's good. They ain't, But it's crazy. There's a ton of, it's like, no, no, No, no, no, no, no. It's not a ton of quarterbacks. You have tier ones. You know, your, you, your tier one quarterbacks All hard to come back. Right. You have 200 NCAA team. I mean, you have a lot of guys that can play Quarterback. They're not that, they're not that good. Right. They're not that good. There's a reason why, you know, your, your Patrick Mahomes, your Joe Burrows, Lamar Jackson, you, your Josh Allens. Oh yeah. Joe Burrow, Jalen Hertz, j Jordan, love Justin Herbert and Trevor Lawrence should be in that conversation.


CJ Stra, maybe CJ Stroud. You got guys that are right there in their second Yeah. Range. Yeah. Tho those, those are tier one quarterbacks, or should be based on their talent, but I don't know. But then you get a guy, like, like an Andy Dalton, he's a game manager, does a good job, right? Yeah. But never can kind of get over that like nine and seven or six and eight. He never can really, it just kind of amazed me sometimes. I'm like, you'd think that they would just try put anybody in there, give 'em a shot. Nah, It doesn't work that way. You put anybody in there, you'll be home, man. You put anybody in there. That's how coaches get fired. Oh Yeah. You getting fired. Do you ever think of coaching, getting into it? Absolutely not. No. No. They don't pay enough. And I make more now doing what I'm doing. I make more now than when I was playing.


Damn. So I'm, I'm good. And that's such a blessing because dude, a lot of guys, the, the, their career, it's hard enough to get outta college, get on to an FLT. Right. And then that is huge for those guys. Make, get the bread while you can get there, but then to have a career after that, after. Yeah. It's like I looking at the busting with the boys guys. Yeah. Like Taylor, la and Will Compton. Yeah. Yeah. They're good. They got in early. They have a great space now. Oh yeah. Like, there's so much, like, they have like a real imprint in the, in, in, in society, you know? Yeah, they do. They doing really well. It's cool. It's cool to see That kind of stuff. Pat McAfee did it did it did well with his as well. Yeah, Dude. Yeah. He's, nobody's like him. Oh yeah. There's nobody like him, man. Yeah. I'm trying to think of what else is going on, man.


That's interesting to ha to create a family based on I'm building for success, right? Yeah, absolutely. Is it hard to manage that big of a family with that many children? What's that like? Really? No. We, I run a tight ship. Everybody. I run a tight ship. Those I have kids from, we have the same end goal. We got the same end goal. And those, I have kids from awesome mothers awesome mothers. No issues. No nothing. How do you pick a good mother then? That's an even, that's an important question, I think because a lot of people, they'll just, you know, I don't never do know ejaculation inside a woman in My life. You know, you'll never know. You know that what a good mother is. But those, I have kids. Oh, You don't think you can tell? Just get, like, There's no way to tell. How would, how would you It is impossible.


Well, I'm just saying, if you meet a lady and they're a good lady, I mean, being a good lady doesn't mean you'll be a good mother. You know? And I only date women that already have kids. Mm. So you can get a, you can take that kid off to the side and say, Hey man, what's, what plays y'all calling around here? It just, it's just weird. It's just weird. You got, what's the Defense she's running? You gotta have two or more kids. Yeah. That's A thing. Yeah. You, you got to, because I mean, for me, dating a woman with no kids, they never have fucking food at home. Yeah. They always want to go out to eat. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know what it's like, NOA, I don't know if you experienced this, like, you know what it's like to have sex with someone that has kids and wake up at 3, 3 30 in the morning, get a fucking Capri sun.


That's good. Oh, ho. I'm serious, bro. That's fucking amazing, Bro. I'm making with half a mouth full of Lunchable. I'll make love all night. Yes. See, that's what I'm talking about. That's who I am. Boy. With a jaw full of them. Little shake, little hams. That's, that's and ham, That's important to me. God, I love That. Having, having snacks in the, in the Pantry. That's good, dude. Because you kind of get to be a kid and a, a husband at the same time in a way. Bingo. Yeah. That's Interesting. Yeah. I, I just listen. Those are, those are my rules. Everyone. Some people, oh, she has, I, I don't care. Oh. And if has you wake up in the middle of the night, you could play video games too. Oh my God. We on the same page. That's what It's all about. The kid up. I'll go another room. Wake a little fucking little random luck. Hey, let's, hey, let's call, let's run Call of Duty real quick. Yeah.


Randall, get up. Let, let's go do weight. Let's run Doo. I I hard. I I love it. You about to get schooled Right now, motherfucker. I love it. Let's, I love it. Especially if they Little ass up. Especially If she has older kids. Yeah. Oh, that's perfect. Oh, that's perfect. Dang. That's a great point. Yeah. I mean, that's just me. Everyone else's thought processes and thought process and approach to dealing with women isn't like mine. Yeah. And that, that, that, that's fine. Well, yeah. A lot of pe Yeah. They just, but it's risky out there. I think having some strategy as to what you do with your own seed is important. Very. Did you, you mentioned that your grandma, you, your grandmother raised you. Yeah. Grandma. What was your, so did you, did your grandma raise your siblings too? Or just you? No, it Was just me and my brother was raised with my mom.


Okay. That's how I ended up in la. My mom was in LA at the time. And so my grandma, after I graduated high school, I went to Langston University. Langston, yeah. NAIA school in, in Oklahoma. Mm. And I got thrown off for fighting. So I went back to Miami after getting expelled. And my grandma was like, listen, I've done all I can with you. I washed my hands. And that's how Damn You was in a bad spot. Yeah. That's how I ended up in LA at Santa Monica. Why Was your attitude bad? No, I just liked to fight. You liked to Fight? Unfortunately. Fist fighting. Yeah. I like fist fighting. Like, I'm gonna beat James Harrison ass. You fighting him? Yeah. James Harrison from, from Pittsburgh Steelers. Yeah. I'm gonna fuck him up. Wow. I thought he passed away, man. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. He's, he's, God, I'm glad he's Okay. Yeah, he's a, he's, he's alive and well and Bring him a picture of him.


Well, not for long once you get him, huh? Yeah. I'm, listen, Bring up a picture of him. Doesn't he have a child named, I thought he had his son that played James Harrison. Yeah. He's a coach, isn't He? No, no, no, no. He done coach. Oh no. He ain't a coach. God. He doing calendar work. Yeah. God damn. He doing, he on fucking only fans. Look at this shit up. Yeah. That's Debo. That's Debo. God. I ain't going near his cage. Yeah. Very God dang. They fucking, yeah, He's, he's Huge. He's huge. He's a junkyard dog. He, he looks intimidating, Doesn't he? Yes he does. Yeah. I don't give a fuck. You really gonna fight him? Fuck him up. God. I'll stand, I'll coach you, bro. Yeah, It's gonna a Good, I'll do your water in the back. I'll put ice on your neck. Yeah. Very good friend of mine. But you know, sometimes it come, you gotta come to face.


Hey, Look, Sometimes you gotta establish dominance as a little man Sometimes. It is what it is. I said, boy, remember the story and why are y'all fighting? Y'all are upset with each Other. I just don't like his face. It's punchable. Oh yeah, he does. Look, He has a punchable face. Bring up another picture of that punchable, man. God ain't, bro. Now I wouldn't hit this guy. Bring up the other picture. Go back to the other one. Yeah. I, yeah. Not this guy. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, he's Huge. Right. And are y'all fighting just for fun? No, MMA style. Oh, y'all, y'all doing MMA? Yeah. He can kick, he can, you can do whatever you want. Did you go to the fight? You one of the fight that's coming up here? Or they just had one here? Yeah, I think they did. I wasn't here. I was, I was outta town working. Do you like to go to 'em? Yeah. I like it. I'm, I'm a boxing fan more believe have seen each other while.


Cool. I, I like boxing better. And who's this? James Harrison? No, that's my crazy ass in there. Boxing. Oh, that's you? Yep. Oh, so you really like it, huh? Yeah. I remember I, this, this was, this was fun. I Got, who was this against? Brian Maxwell. He does, Brian Maxwell does Knuck. Brian Max Maxwell. Bare knuckle. Bare knuckle boxing. Yeah. Good friend of mine. I got Dang. What's tough about boxing man? That people don't realize Conditioning. Hmm. Conditioning. You gotta be well conditioned. And for this, I only had two weeks to get ready. And since then, I think that was in 2021, if I'm not mistaken.


And I've been training since. Just having fun. Could you fight a g You couldn't fight Jake Paul though. I think the weight classes, he's so much, so much Bigger. Oh, he is Heavy. Yeah. He's, he's heavy. He's a heavy guy. I'm, I'm only, I'm what maybe now I'm put on a little size. I'm about maybe one 90. Who's somebody you would challenge out there then? Who's like a real, who? I'm trying to think of somebody who, I Just, I just wanna fight Deebo. I just wanna fight James. Well, he's Willing to do it, isn't he? Yeah. Yeah. We we're gonna do it. Who could I see? You love to Fight, then we're gonna fight, then we're gonna be friends after. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Dude, when I remember when I was in school, if you got in a fight, the principal, they made you stand in a hall. Right. And you had to put your hands on the shoulder of the person you fought. Right. And so y'all had to be, by the end of the day, y'all were friends because Right.


You were right here the whole time. And the other kids would get outta class and have to walk by. And so by the end, this person became your, yeah. You had to get over whatever it was. 'cause you had to be right there next to each other. I like That. What's a part that you miss about playing? I mean, I know it's kind of a general question. What's something you you miss about playing that people wouldn't even think about? For me, it was competing in practice. Even just in practice was fun. Huh? I, I miss it. I miss competing in practice. That's where you got, that's, that's what's difficult. The games on Sunday. That's fun. That's the easy part. Practice and competing preparation. I miss that. I miss watching film. I, I really, I really do. I miss watching film, especially on defenses and, and in de in defensive backs and knowing what they were gonna do before it even happened.


Mm. I knew it was coming. Whether it be down in distance, first down, second down, third down, all that shifting in motion that they like to do, playing around in the secondary. I know what you're doing before you even do it. And I, I miss that. I miss being prepared. Mm. So the entertainment value I bought Oh Yeah. Was only done because I had studied to a TI studied to a t you know, it's not like I'm just getting up Out there. So you weren't there just goofing around. I, no, it looks like it. Right. There's no way to have that kind of success With, without Knowing, knowing what you're doing, without knowing what I'm doing or knowing what you're doing before I even go do it. What do you think the NFL could do differently now to make it more exciting or to make it a better product, if Anything?


I mean, listen, it is the best product. There's really n there's really nothing Else. Do you think so? Yeah. I think N NFL's gone down, man. No, I, I don't think it's, I think people like college better. Hell, some people like damn WNBA better. I don't like Absolutely not. Some people do. I don, I don some people do. Some young men do. Yeah. I Don't, A couple guys do. Yeah. The NNFL will always be the cream of the cream Of the crop. You think so? Always. I don't, there's something about it. Sometimes. I don't know if the field should be bigger. I don't know what should happen. It's sometimes I feel like it, like the guys have almost gotten too fast. Where I feel like sometimes with the running backs is what I do feel like. Right. You don't get to see enough good moves. 'cause there's not enough space for 'em to do 'em, man. Because everybody's so fast now. Yeah. I don't know if that's true or not.


Yeah. But I feel that way sometimes. Like I don Dunno if you could have a Barry Sanders now, not because you couldn't have the same guy. No, you Could. You just will never have another Barry Sanders that ain't happening. That might be fair. That is not happening. Absolutely not. That might be fair. Not even close. Yeah. It just looked like the, the, you know, like it used to be once you got around the defensive end wasn't gonna get out there to get you. Well, You know, most of the time players back then were not as fast. Now we have, you know, D Lyman, even d tackles that running four five. Right. But I'm saying, does that, does that make it tougher for some of these backs to get out of the backfield? No, Not at all. You just have to be that much better. Yeah. You gotta be that much better. Yeah. I'm wondering why sometimes it feels like it's not the same as it used to be.


It's amazing. I'm not saying that, I'm not saying that the guys aren't extremely talented there. Right. But sometimes I just wonder as a fan, are you A-W-N-B-A fan? Yeah, absolutely. Me too. I, I had an opportunity to go to my first game in Atlanta. You did? Yo, that shit was amazing in Atlanta and the product in general. I don't know all the gripes that people have about the WNBA. Yeah. Oh, that shit was amazing. I know. Oh my goodness. I'm man atmosphere from quarter one, the halftime dude, it felt like I was at the club and I don't even go to the club. And the first thing I thought about was, wait, is this what it's like when you, you know, when it comes to the nightlife? I really enjoyed it. Yeah. I really enjoyed it. Yeah. It was Nice. Yeah, dude, I had a great time. I went to Las Vegas ACEs game.


ACEs Game. Yeah. It was nice, Bro. It's so much fun. I tell my friends if they're in Vegas, like what show should I go see? I see If the ACEs are playing, go see em. Go see em. Yeah. It's just such a Yeah, there's like, I don't, people love the game. You could tell they really are invested into the game. Absolutely. Right. Absolutely. And this is when they had Kate Martin, they had the ch they had the girl who won MVP three years in a row. This when that Aja Wilson, they still have Aja Wilson. Yeah. A Asia's still there. Yeah. Yeah. She, It was unbelievable, bro. I had a great time. And we got to sit right bro. We were playing Dallas Spar, the Dallas Mystic, I think is their name. They were, their coach was right there. Dude. I I was chirping them during the game. It was ridiculous, dude. Yeah. I, I love, I love the dip. WNBA man.


I love the product they have. Yeah. I Love the product. I would like to invest in A-W-N-B-A team man. Yeah. I think Miami needs a team. I think in Nashville needs a team. Yeah, That that'd be nice because It kind of reminds me, I feel like, of what you might see with the NBA before everybody could dunk. Yeah. And I don't mean that in any type of way other than you have to rely on good pass. Like, there's a lot of stuff you have to rely on. Right. Where the NBA doesn't have to rely on it as much anymore. Right. Do you think you can still play or no? Me? Yeah. Fuck. No. Come on bro. You can't talk yourself up this whole time. You can't even get back Out there. But obviously I gotta be realistic as well. The mind knows what to do.


The mind knows what to do based on years of playing in, in, in IQ on field iq. But the body won't react the way I want it to. Bro. You could play for the Titans. No, no. You got, you guys have, yo, you guys got a good one in, in Calvin Ridley. Oh no, I know we have Calvin. I mean Calvin Ridley is one of the best. Right? I don't think Atlanta should have let him go, but we could use you over there. Here, Mike. Yeah. Even just for the, where we would come to watch you play though. Yeah. Now what about that element of it? Has any team reached out to you la in later years? Absolutely not. No. To say we just to sell tickets here. Absolutely. I I can do that. That's what I'm saying. I can fill a stadium up. Well, that's what I'm talking About. Yeah. But not at this day and age. No, But people would love to watch It back then.


Yes. Yes. People would love to watch it. I'm trying to think of something else that we could talk about. Chad, anything you wanna talk about It is on you. Yeah. Thanks. It's on you. Thanks, bro. Is it tough though? Let me think about this. Realistically, when you have eight children, you have eight children? Yeah. I want two more. You do? Yeah. I'm probably gonna do, is it called IBF is want two? I want twins. Ooh, I want twins. And I'm done. Why you want twins today? You have to battle two Johnsons on the field at once? No, not really. I just want, I I just want to end on even numbers End. Okay. And end on a grand finale.


You gotta end with a big move. There we go. A two point conversion. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. So we'll, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. Do you have to pick your children's names or your wife gets to pick 'em? Are you worried? Whoever I'm dating. The mother Gets to pick. Yeah, they get to pick. Really? They get to pick every time. Yeah, Of course. Is that a thing? I don't know. I just, it's the way I operate. I'm not worried about names. Really. Nah. So the mother gets to pick out every one of your children's names. Did you, did she say, Hey, what do you think about this name? Yeah, Always. Okay. And will you sit on say yes or no? Or you say, I Say whatever you wanna do. We rocking with it. Wow. Yeah, Bro. Yeah. My son, my son graduates from Arizona. Arizona State. He's a sun devil. Yeah. He's Every, he plays football there.


No, he he's, he's done. He's done. He's done. Yeah. How is it tough for your, if you have a child and do they feel like they have to live in your shoes? How do you have that convers? No. You don have, but how do you have that conversation with them as a parent? You do as, as a parent. Even though I play football, if you wanna play, that's on you. If you don't wanna play, I'm supporting whatever it is you wanna do. I'm, I'm not like, I'm not one of those, those parents that push and push, you're gonna do this. No, absolutely not. Whatever you dream, wanna do you Feel the children feel some type of pressure or No. Just in their own space? No. I, I would hope not, because the pressure would be coming from me. Yeah. Fuck the outside noise. That has nothing to do with anything. Whatever you dream and wanna do, I'm gonna support It. Which one of your children is most like you, do you think? Probably my daughter that run track. Really? At University of Kentucky?


Yeah. Is she like your mom too or no? Mm, a little bit. It's a little bit of both. S a little bit of both. S a little bit of both Us. Like what does she have, like what tendencies does she have you think I That may go like you? Athletic ability. Okay. Athleticism. And, and all of them are athletic. I think honestly, her, her sister who didn't run track, she's a AKA, she goes to Prairie View. A m I think she, if she chose to run track or just be in athletics, I think she would be faster. Mm. But she didn't Wanna do that. She's the show. She's the diva. She's the di she's the Beyonce of the kids. Oh really? Yeah. She's the diva Who was a bigger diva. Do you think you or Terrell Owens, do you think?


I don't think, we're not even divas. That's just a word. I'm not sure why they use that word. It just doesn't describe me. Well, male Divas then. No. Who's the better player to, So one of your daughters is maybe more athletic, but she chooses not to do it. Yeah. She What does she like to do? She's a dancer. Oh, really? She, she's a dancer. She's MUA. She can, she can dress her ass off. Oh, so she's stylist. Oh my goodness. Yes. Oh yeah. That's my baby. That's interesting. That's my baby. Yeah. I would like to have maybe a stylish Little child. Child. I have, I have a daughter also who's, who's in the tennis Cheyenne.


They call, we call, I call her Chacha. So good. Already eight years old. So good. No forehand, forehand, backhand. So good. You don't understand. We we're gonna have this conversation again of maybe five years from now and it'll be like theor. Remember what I told you there? She's right there on tour. Love. Love. Yeah. Wow. Where does she play at? She plays in Florida. Yeah. She, yeah, she's in Florida. She's in Florida. I have a a, a younger son, Savion football. Crazy Here in Florida. Crazy. Yeah. He's gonna be So your Life must be pretty busy with having to just be a dad all the time. Yeah, It's easy. It's easy. I, I hear people complain. It's easy. It's easy.


What do you think that people complain about? What that makes it seem tough? Well, I don to, I I Mean you do also have financial ability to at least feed And Okay. That, that might make it little Easier. Take care of that Sort of thing. I think that might make it a little easier. I bet it does. Yeah. You know, from, from a financial standpoint, it's easy. But also being present and being active and being hands on as much as I can. Yeah. It's just, I, I I just like it. Like, you know that feeling. I get such a great feeling when we go on trips. You know, every summer we take trips. That's one huge group. Really? And just mobbing mobbing through the airport. Like 10, 8, 9 kids. Oh, that's All the women too. The moms and the children? No, no, no, no. Oh, just the Children. Yeah. Just, yeah. I take, I take everyone. Dad and the kids all gonna big kid. That's It. I love that shit. Where did you guys go? Somewhere fun. Would recommend to another big family to go.


Like if they got, 'cause they got a lot of church families out There. Mexico. Mexico, Dr. This summer we're going to Dubai. All of us. It's just tho those trips, dude just going to the mall when it's time to go shopping. Just walking in like one big gang. I love that. That's interesting. It's an interesting way to think about your future and how you're raising children. But do you worry that you can't give them enough each child, like enough mental and emotional connection or you don't think about that as much? No. Or you think it's okay? No, they're good. They're, they're good. They're good. Yeah. Yeah. I have no idea. Yeah. I just think that you worry about that. That's a lot of people's fear. Because it's interesting 'cause I think people used to have more children. I think we're having less children now.


You see that they're just about to give people money to have more children. You've seen that. Well, you know, especially in this economy too. I can understand why. Yeah. Some people are a little bit more cautious. Yeah. On, on, on having kids. Yeah. Who was a overhyped cornerback when you were playing bro? Overhyped. Yeah. I don't talk about people like that thee. No, but if you had to guess somebody, if you, if you had to. No, I'm not doing that. I don't talk about people ever. So It's a negative. Yeah, it's a negative. Yeah. Nobody's overhyped. If you made it, you're one percenter. You're there for a reason. Mm. You're the, you're there for a reason. Could you tell if a guy wasn't gonna be like, do you feel like there's some days when a player, they could even be great and they go into a game and it's just a off ga.


Like does that really happen? Yeah. You have Off days. Michael Jordan had off days. I had off days. Some of the best Brady Mahomes you have off days, but your good days outweigh the bad ones By a lot. Right. The meet the average of it. Yeah. Hmm. That's a good one. That's, that was a good question. It Was, That was a good one. Well 'cause sometimes it's like I gotta do a show or something and I, I'm like, fuck, I don't feel like today's just not my day, but I still have to do it. Right. Right. Or you just, yeah. I just wonder at that level 'cause it's, you know, it only comes down to 16 Sundays, you know? Yeah, yeah. And some you outta that 16, you're gonna have a bad one. Yeah. You know, you want to be as consistent as possible, but being perfect.


You strive for perfection. So even if you do fall short, but you're gonna have bad days. Do you worry with a lot of these young people that now they have all this max preps and all this video footage and stuff so early, do you think that that's a positive or a negative? How do you even look at some of that? Because you have a child now who's nine years old Right. Who's watching himself either do well or not do well on a, on a film, you know? Yeah. Well that's, that's a part of it. That's a part of it. You have to evolve with the times the parents have to evolve with the times that we're in now understanding that we're in a social media era. Oh yeah. And everything's magnified times 10. Everything's magnified. Yeah. I just wonder like if that's good for a child's psyche or not. I mean, e either way it's not going anywhere.


It's gonna be here. That's your point. It's gonna be here. Yeah. You can't romanticize the past if it, you can. 'cause that's not gonna come back. Exactly. Mm. So that, that at that point it all, it's on the parent helping the child understand water off a duck's back. No matter what it is. Something goes bad in one ear out the other next play. What about with the, the like NI l's real popular Right now. Like you have players who will have, do, you'll have players that will do get a NIL deal? Yeah. And then there's like a couple of windows for the N-I-N-I-L bring up. How many windows are there? Because there's some before the season even ends, or how many transfer portals in the college season?


Typically two main transfer portal windows. Right. It's a, a window, a winter window and a spring window. So you can have a guy come in during the winter window and I think they've had this get a deal. Right. And then he leaves during the spring window or he wants a better deal. Right. But he just, he hadn't even done anything yet. Yeah. I Mean, but that's, that's the game. It is now. It's a pay to play. Do you think that helps college football though over time? I mean, do you think it helps keep players in college for a longer amount of time? I think the fact that colleges in general are billion dollar institutions or entities in general. Yeah. And have made so much money off players likeness for so long and the players really had nothing. So I like the fact that players are now able to take advantage of their likeness and get, get paid early.


'cause everybody's not making it to the NFL. Right. Everybody's not gonna get, get there. So them being able to make some, make some change, make some cash now while they're playing. I'm all for it. Hmm. I'm all for it. But do you think there will be players who don't make it because they get money early that it damages them? No. No. Absolutely not. You don't think so? Well, it, it, it, it could You tell me, but getting, getting that kind of money in college gets money early. You want more and he's spending it in the club. Or he buying a, a wagon wheel or Jeep A a Jeep Wrangler. You're gonna tell me if he's not gonna want to. Well, your, your end goal is the NFL. So you're saying your End goal is always the NFL Getting money in college shouldn't change, shouldn't change your long-term vision and your childhood dream of making it to the, But you don't think that it's could somebody could suffer?


Absolutely not. Because That, if you gave me that money, Little bit of that little bit of money is to help family. That's help family. I don dunno if these guys are using it for that though. Mean some of 'em might Be. No, trust me, they're using, they're, they're using it for family. 'cause you don't, you know, based on where some of these individuals are coming from, this is, is a huge help. A hu a huge jumpstart to being able to help their family. But the end goal, the real money Yeah. Is in the NFL, not NIL. What's the most somebody made in NIL this past season? Let's take a look at it. What? Probably 4 million, maybe five. But you got people doing dog food commercials and shit in there. Small town and stuff. Yeah. Getting, Hey, get it. Get it. Why you can't Getting six or seven racks out there?


Four years of college right there. What's the biggest NIL deal? College football. The highest NIL in college football. Oh, it's Arch Manning. That's right. 6.7. Yeah. How many years is that though? He only got three more to go. Is that 6.7 a year you think? No. Total. That's total. Yeah. So that's different. But that's better than like, if that's a if's, a fifth round pick or something. You gotta Remember arch comes from money anyway, so that, that's not, that's not new to him. Right. It's probably not making a, it's probably not making his biggest choice. Yeah. How often do you guys tape your show Now it's based on the NBA playoffs. So we're off the night. So we just did, we just did Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday we're off tomorrow.


No, we're off the day. We're on tomorrow, Sunday, Monday. And we're on Saturday, Sunday. And wait Tape all the time, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. It's fun. Yo It's the NBA games NBA playoffs and we always have a NBA guest on, so I'm enjoying that. I'm enjoying that. Did you think, do you think about other, like is there another venture you like to get into? You feel like you're in a good space. It seems like you're in a good space. Yeah, Right now I'm good. 'cause this is my off season. Know when football season gets here, I'm on NFL films. I'm be, I'll be on ES esp n this year with Stephen a. So I'm good. This is, this is, this is my off time. What's he like, man? Is he really, like, he's seen Stephen, a Cool as hell. Cool as hell. He's Stephen a is afforded me opportunities.


I couldn't, Ima couldn't have imagined. Couldn't have imagined. Yeah. So I, I like it, especially being in the space, being able to transition into inter media Yeah. Has been really good for me. Oh yeah. Yeah. You gotta have, I think having that, just being able to have a voice, you know, and you still have a voice in the sport that you love. Yeah. You still have some sort of a say or at least an opinion and stuff, you Know, most Yeah. An opinion that's respected. Especially when it comes to football. Yeah. When you look back on the ba on your experience with the Bangals, what is, what is like, obviously you met, you know, the play and everything like that. What was Cincinnati like then? What was the energy like then? It was Good. It was good. Especially that 2005 year, which, that was the year we were on fire offensively and obviously defense.


They were having takeaways like crazy. That was our year. If Carson didn't go down in that first round of the playoffs against the Steelers, that was our year to host a ho hoist, a trophy. That was that year. Oh my goodness. The city was on fire. I could just imagine now. Hell yeah. You know, with, with the every year, every year now with Joe Burrow there, you know, you have an opportunity. You got a chance. Rudy Johnson was a beast, Remember? Oh yeah. Rudy Whoosh. Those, those are some good dudes, man. Matter of fact, we have a, I have a group chat with half of everybody in here. Hooch is in there. I'm in there. Dang. Rudy Johnson is in there. We, we got Carson. Justin Smith is in that group chat.


I haven't seen some of these names. Del O'Neals in that mic. Oh, Brian Simmons in the group chat. I haven't seen some of these names in so in so long. Oh, look at Odell Thurman. Odell was really good. It's wild though. Some guys, it's like they'll have a great, like Rudy Johnson was huge for a few. He had a couple of great years. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Then you didn't hear about him. Yeah, I don't, I don't know. I don't, I can't remember where Rudy went after he left Cincinnati. And it's not even a judgment against him. It's just like, that's how it's like things come and go fast in the league, Huh? It does. Listen, those years go by real fast. Very fast. Damn. 11 and five. Yeah. Damn. Yeah, we were on fire, man.


And who was y'all's backup? Who came in as backup quarterback? Yeah. Who was our backup that year? Oh, John Kitna. He now coaches at Lakota East or Lakota West High School in Cincinnati. Carson Palmer's now coaching in la. I, I don't know what school he is coaching at and Kitna. He, it wasn't, y'all didn't break through that second round? No, no, no, man. The Steelers won that game, man. They won that game. Old John. That's my guy. Damn. I'm trying to think of anything else, man. I could think about. Do you love living down here in Florida? It's All I know, been all over the world. B I'd have been all over the world and it's nothing like home, no matter where I go. And I do all my traveling strictly for soccer purposes.


I'm a huge soccer enthusiast. Love soccer. You think you could have played it at a pro level? I would've had to start when I was four years old if I started when I was four years old. It's that intrinsic, huh? Yes. I love it. I love it. I love the atmosphere, the energy. I don't think people understand, we don't look at soccer as a sport. Why you, like all they doing is running around. Yeah. The score is only one zero, but you don't understand how beautiful that game is. You know, it's like painting a pitcher. And if you watch it and understand what you're watching, then you'll appreciate it more. That's your favorite sport, you Think, oh my God. Times 10 then. Football. What's the best place to see a soccer game after you think? For me? Yeah. Growing up I had the opportunity to see a river, river game versus, versus Boca Juniors in Argentina.


You'll never see an atmosphere like that ever again. Dang. And I don't think people, it's, it's kind of dangerous. But still River Plate and Boca Junior's, obviously I've been, I've seen every EPL team. Yeah. I've been to their stadium. They've seen every La Liga team play. Avi El Classico, Royal Madrid, Barcelona is always a good one. So a lot. So you've been to a lot of these famous stadiums Park every last stadium? Every Yes. Every last one. It was magical on I, I did the World Cup with Qatar, with Fox. I was the, I was the analyst for Really? Yeah, for Fox. The World Cup. You've guitar Done a lot of amazing stuff. Dude, I love, love soccer, man. Like if you had to, if you had to choose, if I had to choose between going to a soccer game or just watching and having sex, I'm picking soccer every time Over sex apps Of, fuck.


I don't care who it is. Oh yeah. I don't care who it is. Like that's how much I love the game. The beautiful game. Yeah. I'm trying to think. Let me think. Oh yeah, I would probably go, yeah, sex sometimes gets a little bit boring. Kinda, you think? Eh, It depends. Yeah. Maybe not boring, that's not the best word, but depends. I mean, listen, I, I did amateur porn growing up, so for me It's, you did amateur. Yeah. Amateur porn. Yeah. Yeah. It just, the only difference is I didn't get paid for it. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I was the amateur. And so were you and were people doing ca were people filming or just Yeah, I had a Tripod camera set up. Oh, okay. Yeah. It Was tripod. Yeah. Pulling all every edition. Yeah. So Those tapes still out there, you think They did It earned me some good money.


I, I sold. Oh, you had a tape out there? No, I, I had a tripod and I just sold it myself. Oh, bet. Yeah. Yeah. God, I, I don't know. I don't, I hope there's nothing out there in me. No. Yeah. It's, yeah. Right now, probably back then I didn't even think they sell the camcorders Yeah. Back then. For someone to be able to, to blackmail me at this point. Yeah. They might have some drawings of me having sex though. There we go. There we go. Are you, are you Married? Some clay figures? No, I gotta get married, man. You Have a girlfriend? Not Right now. No. I'm gonna get one though. So How do you navigate that? I just be care. Like, Are you, are you cautious on who you're dealing with based on now being Yeah, I'm pretty cautious the guy.


Okay. Yeah, because things happen. I mean, even with your co-host gets, gets, you know, like there's just a, I think there's more opportunities maybe. I don't know. There's, everything's weird now. Yeah. I feel like it feels, just feels, things feel kind of scary and you don't know, even if you're doing, if you're doing the right things, that somebody could take advantage of you. Yep. They can. And then at the same time you can, I've a lot of friends that are sex addicts that get caught up just in sex. Right. And in that world. And it becomes like an addiction to them. Yeah. At times. It can be a lot of people. I hate when people call sex and addiction. Really? Really? I really don't like that because we, he we're, we're mammals we're put on earth in general to to have sex.


Oh yeah. To procreate in general. We pump. Yeah. And so I just, I hate the fact that we have all these definitions. Oh, he's an addict. No, you, you're not. It, it, it's sex. It's something that we as humans actually do. Some do it more than others. Yeah. And that just, you know, it, it's cool. Some people enjoy doing it a ton. Some people don't enjoy Doing it as much. Yeah. And some enjoy doing it with, with multiple people, you know, and just, it is, you ever been to a swingers club? I never been. No. You been, I mean, yeah. I I used to, I used to work at one. Oh you did? Yeah. I used to be a gigolo for, for Rich, rich, rich, wealthy women. Really? Tommy Lee was a gigolo. He was? Yep. Tommy Lee from Mo Crewe. Yeah. Moley. Crewe. Yeah. That's dope. I mean this, he is a Gigolo. So when you get hired to get out there and take these women out on dates.


Yeah. Get on dates and you know, obviously they had billionaire husbands, billionaire boyfriends that didn't have the time for them. And they would, I would just fill that void that they weren't getting it home because of them being busy. So the husband just so busy. I'm just gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna treat my wife to a date at least she can go do something nice type of thing. Well, the husband didn't know. Yeah. It was an ad. It was an ad. It was an ad and a paper. You put your own ad out. Yeah, I put my own ad out. And what would the ad say? Ballpark you feel, Based on the information that what they were looking for? I had a menu Okay. Of services that I provided and, And was some of 'em sexual or not? Yeah, someone was sexual. Someone would just be spending time, you know, dates, movies, conversation, massage. Mm. Stuff like that.


And most of the time it was more about sex and, you know, fulfilling that fantasy of being with a black guy. Oh, really? Yes. That's a marketable fantasy, huh? Of mandingo descent. Oh, damn. Yeah. And how do you know if someone's mandingo or not? Well, any, anything. What region is that? The lower region. Bring it up. Where have I been? I've been to Tanzania. Mandingo on a map. Yeah, there we go. Okay. West Africa. So if they wanna see that west, if they want that West Africa energy, huh? Yeah, It's, it's, it's, it's more of a, it a term in referencing the private area.


Meningo. Oh, it's a bo it's a wiener term kind of. Yeah. Oh, dang. I didn't know it. That's, that's I've heard it. Right, right. Meningo guy or whatever. Yeah. Okay. So you had women trying to just be with a black man. Yeah. They just wanted to fulfill that fantasy and Fetish. And were they paying a fair sh were they paying a decent amount for it? Yeah, I mean, for an hour I could make anywhere from 3,500 to five grand. My goodness. Yeah. God. Would you wear your jersey or not? No, This is before I even, I hadn't even made it yet. Oh wow. Yeah. 'cause at that point I wouldn't need the money if I'm already in the league. Oh yeah, I bet. So that's way, you know, in college. Dang. You know, I used to strip too. Did you really? In LA at the right track. Damn. Yeah, I, I was a dancer. They used to call me Twix. Really? Why? Because I was skinny and had a lot of veins.


Mm. Oh yeah. Like the Twix. Yeah. Dang, man. Was that a fun sport? It Was fun. It was fun. It was fun. And would You do the splits as well out there? No, I, I didn't do the splits. I didn't, I didn't do the splits. But what I did come to learn is the women of, of 200 plus pounds or more, they tip much better than everyone else. Oh Yeah. Yeah. They did. Did they? Because they wanna Oh yeah. They, they tip, they tip well. And would you ever get hired by those women for sexual At times. At times. Yeah. At times. Yeah. And is it more challenging? I feel like, do you have to do more for a, more of a esque woman? I've been with some probably medium sized girls. Right. I've never been with like a, a real, more of a larger, bigger, larger maybe.


Yeah. You know, like I've been with like a big x, the plug type woman. I 200 plus. I, I love, I love, yeah. I love that. God, I, I just do. I just, the theo, I got so many good stories, man, from back then. It's just, we'd be here all day. And would you, but would you guys ever go to like a, a drive-in movie? Or what would y'all do to? Holy Shit. Speaking of drive-in, I haven't been to a drive-in, in years. Yeah. I don't even know. Do they still have drive-in theaters? Especially here in Florida. That would be a great date. I'm so glad you brought that up. Yeah. I would love to get to a drive-in out there with a lady. Yeah. That That'd be dope. Was it ever scary going over to a woman's house though? Absolutely not. No.


Because I already know. No. Yeah. No, I'm nothing to be scared of. Nothing to be scared of. I'm just, I'm going to perform to put on a show. Hmm. And was there a certain amount of time you had to do sex for? You could just, was it like part-time or full-time kind of. Well, it depends on what she picks from. Yeah. Yeah. Depending on how, depends On what you got. Do you pay cash or check? No, I don't do checks. Cash, cash up front. Damn, bro. Yeah. So you've always been entrepreneurial, huh? Yeah, Most definitely. You got start, gotta start somewhere. And would you wear a special suit or a bandana or anything? No, No. Just, just banana hammock. Just casual attire, huh? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. And you put, would you lotion up that waer or whatever Before you go? Yeah. Lotion up everywhere. Yeah.


Yeah. Oiled up. Yeah. Especially when I come on stage. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, you don't even knock, you just slide through the Lock. Right on in. Come on. Right on in. Damn Ochocinco, man. Well, I would love to go to a game with, with your, whenever you go watch your daughter in Kentucky. Yeah. Most of it's out. It's outdoor season Right now to, it just started. So when I get up there, you gotta come on down, out. I'd love to Man, hang out. Do you think that some players secretly lobby to get into the Hall of Fame? I think I think so. I mean, right. Rightfully so. That for, for those that understand for them, if it means that much to 'em, you know, being a part of that, that that entity of special people.


Yes. But then there's some players also like, like myself that feel Yeah. That I don't really need the validation. I understand who I am and what I did during my time. And I'm in general, I, I don't really need it. I hate the fact that there are certain people that sit in places that have a po that are in a position of power that can control individuals that no longer play. Hmm. It's like puppets. They, oh yeah, I know you wanna be in here so bad. So I'm controlling whether you can get it or not. That I would never give, I don't that shit, shit. I would never give anyone the satisfaction. The power. Yeah. The power over me. I don't care about your shit. Take it. I Mean, listen, it's, it's great. Right? It's a great achievement, A great accomplishment. But come on.


I have too much going on now. Still. Right. Every day you have a lot of adoration and things that you get, you get, you know, to still be Yeah. Active Yeah. And admired in a sport that you enjoy. Who's that? When I put, when I put that Hall of Fame jacket on myself. Oh Yeah. Good for you. I think there are 269 members in the Hall of Fame. But that jacket right there, that's 1 0 1 Gang gang. That's the truth though. That's one. That's 1 0 1. That's only one of those Dude. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. But then listen, once You start your own little hall. Yeah. Listen, the hall of fame is, it is, it's unbelievable, you know, to be able to get there. Oh yeah. I'm not discrediting. Yeah. Me Me neither. I I'm just saying, but I don't like the power it holds over players that are retired because they're clamoring trying to get in.


Because it's The same with like these Emmy awards and Academy awards for actors and stuff. I respect that. It's a, it's right, it's an award that people have admired and stuff. But if people out there like blowing directors and shit to get the award, it's like, or, or, or they're like having a, you know, go pity patter to 'em. 'cause they hope they vote for 'em. Yeah. I don't like that shit. That, That that's, that's, that's not me. It never has been. Yeah. In fact, take me off the fucking ballot. 'cause I don't even want you to be able to tell me no. Right. That's how I feel. Right. Right. I don't even want you to be able to say he, you didn't get it. Right. I never wanted it. You know what I'm saying? It's almost even a better take. Right. With the future. Like I know Shannon's going through his stuff Right now.


Yeah, yeah. With the future y'all show. Does it, do you guys worry about that? Does it impair it or do you feel listen, UNC is going through his issues Right. And whatnot. And UNC asked me to be a part of Nightcap and I'm going to ride that wave because he asked me to come on. I'm not jumping ship because of his personal stuff that you handle. Whatever we need to handle. I'm gonna always be here. Yeah. I'm gonna be here. You know, if the ship go down, bitch, I'm going down with it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You know, so when the ship was going good, I was right here. It's a good point. Point. Just because it's just because it's fucking rocky. Mm. I ain't going nowhere. I'm not going, I'm not, I'm not going nowhere. So I'm gonna let UNC do what he needs to do.


We going to keep on filming, we're gonna keep on trucking, we're gonna keep our head down. He knows, you know, what he needs to do on his end. And I'm gonna make sure I take care of my end and do what I need to do and show up. That's it. That's it. Yeah, man. That's, you know, you know what reminds me of is when Bill Belichick, remember when Trump people got on Bill Belichick about Trump and what did he say about him? Remember when everybody was against Trump? Yeah. Remember that shit? They, they still are. That's a good point. They could, yeah. Yeah. Now even for different reasons man, how they're handling like some of the Middle East stuff. But he said my relationship with Donald Trump isn't political. 'cause the media was really getting onto him. Right. He said my relationship with Donald Trump isn't political.


Belichick said on the dynasty. I knew him long before he got into politics. Donald is a friend and I wrote a personal letter. Might have been it. But he just, he, he stood up for the fact that this is my friend. Right. Right. This is my friend and people can, there can be other stuff that he has going on in his life, but that isn't, I'm knocking it not be a friend then. Right, right. So yeah, it just kind of reminds me of that. Anything else you wanted to talk about? Chad? Probably got a lot of good stuff. I feel like. Do you think we had a good conversation? It's awesome. It's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, sometimes it's hard, you know, sometimes you have days where you're like, you got it, you got everything going, everything's okay.


Sometimes you have days where you're like, what's even going on? It's weird. Sometimes you get scared, sometimes you don't. Yeah. Or nervous about certain moments. I don't think black people get as nervous as white people do. Do you think that that's true? It Depends. It all depends on the atmosphere. All depends on the atmosphere and the situation. I mean driving the car and the cops pull up behind you. We get nervous. Yeah. And I'm like, Hey buddy. Yeah you, Yeah you guys not so much. You get nervous. That might be a good point. It all depends so in different moments. But I think also a good thing that a lot of black folks have is white people. You could tell when they're nervous 'cause you could see it in their get skin, get red.


Yeah. We give a lot of, too many clues away. So I think I gotta start wearing some, some, some rouge or so or just like a, I gotta start wearing some bronzer. Thank you so much. Shed. No, thank you. Appreciate Best of luck man. I love your energy bro. Thank you for being somebody that continues to en entertain people. You know, it's just interesting to hear what your life has been like and how you kind of choose somehow you're able to remarkably choose to still just be yourself no matter how kind of hectic things get. Doesn't matter no matter what. I always even keel at all times. And your even keel is, even, even keel evil too to a lot of people. You know? It's wild.


But yeah. That's who you are. Yeah. Always been and will never change. I will always remain authentically myself at all times. Well, it's been fun to watch man on the field and off and yeah. Thank you for your time, bro. Thank you Boss. I appreciate it, baby. Yes sir. Now I, I feel I, I must be cornerstone, but when I reach that ground I'll share this piece of, I I can, my bones.