
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


We wanna let you know that today's conversation may be a bit graphic for some or gruesome. It's containing law enforcement and some of their involvement just with society. So if you don't like that sort of thing, you may not want to listen. Today's guest is a retired sergeant from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department and a former crisis negotiator. He was born and raised in Queens, New York before spending 20 years on the force in Las Vegas, where he pretty much saw it all. Today's guest is Lvp D'S Finest. Christopher Curtis.


Okay. Sitting here today. Retired police officer Sergeant. Sorry. And is that a, that's a, that's A thing of police. Yeah. That's Fa Yeah, A little bit. Yeah. For she? Yes, sir. Alright, sir. Yes, sir. Retired police sergeant. Yes. From the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department. Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department. You had, you did 25 years of service. I, well, I did 21 plus, and then I bought some of the time a guy actually bought my time out to go work for him afterwards. In Nevada, you can do that. So you can, so if you're a police officer and you have, you still have so many years left on your lease, or what is it called? To collect your retirement. Okay. Right.


Okay. So you wanna get to your pension, right. So you can buy it yourself. But what happened was, I was one of the first people, 'cause there was a guy in the private sector. You ever heard the company Zappos? Zappos. The shoes? Yeah, the shoes, Yeah. So the guy, Tony Shaa, who passed away some time ago, he was a billionaire and he, Yeah, he had one foot in the grave. That's an old Zappos guys in. Yeah. I won't tell that truck anymore. He, he was revitalizing downtown Las Vegas, and he was investing 350 million into it. And he heard about me doing some innovative things down there. And he, he, through a friend, he asked to meet me at a bar. And so we meet at this bar and I'm like, this Tony Shea like this. And he says, he tell me about the project.


And he is like, would you like to come work for me? I was like, I'm not old enough to retire and I don't have, you know, the time. And he said, can you buy it? How much does it cost? And I said, I have to get back to you. But I knew it was a significant six figure number. And I got back to him with a number and he wrote the check. And so at like 21 years, on April Fool's day of 2013, I retire. So he paid your So he Bought it. So at a cer. So If you wanna collect a retirement, you have to do at least a certain amount of time you get vested in the state system. Got it. So to make it worthwhile to make it a, a significant amount of money, you wanna do at least 25 years, I mean, 20 years, you could do it by 25 years and 30 years. The money's pretty nice. Yeah. And so to get to 25, at the time he wanted me to retire, needed to buy it.


And it was six figures, and he wrote the check. Wow. And so, and within like a couple days you were done? No. What I plan, I kind of was strategic about it, and I planned it out, and I wanted to see exactly what his process was. And he was a very, very smart guy and a very forward thinking guy. So we kind of planned behind the scenes how to work it out. And so I had enough time to set everything up. And then April Fool's Day I retired. Wow. Yeah. And he paid off. How many years did he pay off? So It turned, it turned out to be like maybe like three and a half, almost four years. Basically. Four years. Yeah. And at that point you started working for him At that point I started working for him, yeah. So I had my f my full police retirement, and then I had a significant salary from him, so that was nice. Yeah. Living in Vegas till at that time I Was still living in Vegas. I had to, because I had to be kind of working in that project downtown.


Can I give you something? Actually, I brought something for you. Yeah, sure. I, I, I, I Think so. I, you know, I'm a I'm a fan man. I, I really like what you do and I, I think you're awesome. And I figured I could give you something, a Vegas souvenir. So open that up. Okay. Cut up a coaster. Oh, this is a beverage coaster. Police man, managers, supervisors association. Las Vegas metro badge. Huh? Now, now open it up. Okay. And look at the bat. Ooh, gang boy. Commemorative only. Thank God I, yeah. So You don't go out and start Jack and be Yeah. Yeah. I wanted you to have a badge, man. And so then you can just put it on this little Thing, bro.


Oh, thanks. And then you can just put it in one of your places. Man. You do a lot of really cool stuff, man. When I, when I came into town, man, and, and the people I talked to, you know, small group of people, everyone really thinks very, very highly of you. Man. I watched your stuff. You're a good dude, man. Well, thanks Chris, man. I appreciate you saying that, dude. That's awesome. Yeah, because we need to Nice. You gotta put it back in the thing in order to hold it in that. Oh, that's fair. Yeah. God, that should, yeah. And I worked in zoning for a little bit, so, sorry. That should have made sense, dude. That's awesome, man. Thank you very much. Yeah. We have a nice little collection of some neat stuff that people have given us, and this would be perfect. Good. Perfect. Well, now you got a badge. Yeah. That's very, very thoughtful. I mean, thank you. Thank you, man. Yeah. And thank you for your service too. Right on, dude. I'll tell you a story. So one time I'm at the University of Tennessee football game and some guy, and he was like a drunk guy, and he was like, rah, you know, and he just kept making sounds like that.


And just like, and he could breathe, but he wasn't great at it. You know, he put on some weight or whatever, and he was a sheriff or something, you know. And I was like, I need to go downstairs and use the restroom. He is like, oh, well if anybody gives you any problems, just show him this. He gave me his, his sheriff's badge, right In a little pamphlet. It comes in like a little wallet. So I'm downstairs, dude. Right. Things start kind of like, people start getting weird down there. Like there's some stuff kind of popping off in a tunnel. And so I pull this thing out, dude and I showed up in the air. Right? And now there's other police officers come up and they're looking at each other and they're looking at me. Right. And how old were you? Oh, this was probably eight months ago. And then, yeah. And then the lady pushed me up against the wall for having fake identification, being a fake police officer.


But they didn't know that recognize you. She Did. They, she didn't want any bullshit. I guess she recognized I, I was not an officiant of the law. You were just Theo Von with a badge. Yeah. And she's like, this kind of shit is too much. So anyway, just be careful where you use, where you use badgery, you know? Yes. So, so what did you do for Tony? His, his Tony Shea. Tony Shea. So for Tony, he's a, he was revitalizing downtown and he wanted to create like an ambassador, you know, those ambassadors that kind of give out directions or eyes for the police. And he wanted someone that knew the area. So I like hired like 60 people and they just walked around the area. 'cause it was pretty high crime rate back then. In fact, it was interesting is I had worked a double homicide on Fremont like maybe about six months before he approached me.


It was pretty bad down there at one point. Yeah. For a long time. When I first hired on in 92, it was like, if you wanted a cop to learn how to be a really good street cop, you would want work downtown on Fremont. So basically, to answer your question, it was to have these ambassador people who wore like yellow shirts, you know, and very welcoming to people who were looking for directions because there was an infrastructure of people that were working and living down there. And he was trying to build that, 'cause he had residential businesses and all kinds of stuff. And in and in and not having the police. He wanted to have a civilian group of people that could interact with people and make them feel safe. Mm. Yeah. I guess it's like a business person and a connector like him, you think of those types of things and he starts to see the value in 'em.


What, how did Tony Shea die? So I, you know, I, I'm not very comfortable speaking about a specifically how he died. I know there was an incident where there was a fire and he was inside the fire. And I believed it was related to something about being inside the building with the fire once I, 'cause I wasn't with the company when that happened. Okay. That was sometime after the company. And, and, and you know, it got to a point where after I retired and I had, throughout the years of dealing with so much death and all the craziness on the police department, I just tuned everything out. I really didn't engage with people if it wasn't a positive experience. And then it became a point where I was just like a solitary person. So I, I wasn't really very intimately involved in the details to how he died. But that's kind of like the gist of it.


Got it. So we see how you finished the forest and how did it start? Like how did it first start that you decided to become, join the force in Las Vegas? I Was a Marine. Okay. So when I was 17, I, I joined the Marine Corps and this was way I, so this was 1987 that I, I went into the Marine Corps. Okay. Paris Island Third Battalion eye company, super hardcore. And my dad was in law enforcement too. And I cannot overstate the importance of having a strong male role model in your life. My father, I lec to that man. He died in 2017. And what I can say is that my dad, I wanted to do everything like my dad. So my dad was in the military, my dad was in the Army, but I wanted to be a Marine.


And my dad was in law enforcement. So while I was in the Marine Corps, you know, there was, I was on Embassy duty. I ended up going embassy duty, which is like one of the best, most challenging duties in the Marine Corps if you go to the right countries. And I, I was in Belgrade. It was actually was when I was in Caracas. When I was in Caracas, there was a, And that's Venezuela. Caracas Venezuela. There was a economics officer who took a, a liking to me. And he knew I wanted to go into law enforcement. He said to me, he said in the nineties, the economy in Vegas is going to explode. I got on a plane and within like a couple weeks flew and took the test. And then I ended up in the academy in 92.


Wow. Yeah, dude, I bet the streets were hot in 92. Were they? It Was crazy. It was the wild, wild West Vegas was the wild, wild west. If you, you know, everyone says that their department is the best. I'm gonna say that. Las Vegas policing, especially in the nineties, I call it the golden era era of policing. Was, is phenomenal. I mean, you really got to understand the psyche of the human being because so many people come to Vegas to do whatever crazy thing they want to do. And, and you got to interact with people on that level. And it teaches you a lot about people. Is it, is that more, a more fun place to be in law enforcement? Do you feel like, like, I know that's a strange word probably to use with policing, but is that a more entertaining place? It is, it is.


Because you, you deal with everything they deal with in la Everything they deal with in New York. And then Vegas is just this, you know, they say New York is a city that never sleeps. It kind of does. I'm a New Yorker. It kind of does. Vegas never sleeps. Vegas can't sleep 'cause it's coked up usually. Yes, for sure. Or meth coke Or meth. Did meth Was meth a little bit popping. It Is because, you know, the area commands that you, the area command that you work would kind of define what drug you would deal with primarily. Got it. And so there was a time where I was working in the Northeast and they used to call 'em, it was called Frank Area. Now they used to, used to be David area, they call 'em Frank, its, or David. Its 'cause it'd be up just tweaking out doing stuff on trailers and everything. And you know, I, there was a transition for me in my life because I was a straight edge guy and I looked down on drugs and I didn't have a lot of, I, I guess empathy for people who were using drugs.


And now I'm, I'm, I've completely learned the opposite. Mm. You know? Oh yeah. I bet you, I mean, 'cause you're firsthand right in front of those people all the time. I Got to see, like, I would go to a single wide trailer at 3:00 AM ladies completely tweaked out of her mind. And her kids are awake all nasty, you know, crying. The neighbors have called spaghetti sauce on the walls. And I'd be pissed at the mother. And what happened throughout my career is I ended up seeing that little girl that I was trying to protect, becoming the parent of a kid in the same type of situation. Mm. It's just cyclical, you know? And then for the police to be judgemental, I found that to be incredibly disheartening for me. And in, in fact, if there's anything I think back in my life, it is, if ever I treated another human being improperly or if I didn't spend time with my children when I could have spent time with my children.


Hmm. You know, it, it, it, it makes me get emotional sometimes when I can think of specific situations. I'll tell you a story, man. There was one time where I took a a little girl from her mom And this is in Vegas? This is in Vegas. Oh yeah. All my police stuff is in Vegas. Okay. There was a little one time that she was, the mom was completely took off. She was slamming speed and she was just up and just doing all kinds of stuff. And the neighbors was at some point called Yeah. Slamming speed is injecting it. Yeah. Is injecting it. Okay. And, and so I, I go there and I remember I had to take the little girl from her mom and this girl was crying in such a way, I, I recorded this, that it was almost as if someone was literally though I wasn't pulling her heart out of her body.


Mm. Now mind you, that's a kid who loves their mom no matter what. Yeah. You, you love your parent in spite of, right. And, and I'll always remember in my mind that I have to learn to look at other people. The, not only the way that I'd want to be treated, but the, through the experiences that I've had. That's how I look at people now. You know, once you get older, you, you, you can start to get emotional about just the simplest of things. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Jesus. Most of this podcast is like that. Yeah. I I, yeah. It's funny the little things that'll trigger things that you didn't have or things you admire so much, or even a word sometimes that or phrase somebody will use and it'll just like, well, you up with emotion.


Well I do think it's interesting for, for people in police fire departments, those types of jobs where yes, you, I'm sure you develop a lot of empathy, but then also you are put under a, an unrealistic amount of stress. A lot of officers are, I would assume it seems like to me, from the discussions I've had, that a lot of people get put under stress that they're not really even as a human equipped to deal with. So then at that point, it's probably tough for you to engage your best feelings and your best empathy at moments when you're under stress. And then you also have to look out for your own survival. I'm not debating you with it, I'm just saying I'm sure it's quite a juxtaposition. You know, it's, when you first start out in Vegas, what are some things that you saw?


So from Anything that stands out, you know, so, So from a crime perspective or from just the culture of policing perspective? Let's start with the crime perspective. So From the crime perspective, drugs are one of the most, I mean, drugs and alcohol. Okay. 'cause drugs and alcohol kind of run hand in hand when it comes to the challenges that I would run into the drug scene in Vegas was either it was crack or it was speed. And, and like I said before, depending on the area command that you went, and I would go on Fremont 'cause I worked Fremont primarily the first part of my career. And I'd see these young girls hooked on crack prostituting. Okay. On Fremont Street. Then you would see guys who came into town to party in Vegas.


They, you know, gamble at the casinos downtown. And then they wanna come and pick up these girls. They get trick rolled. I mean it's just this like incredible web of vice that occurred and it was like Gotham City. And What's trick rolled is that, that thing where you, somebody sends you that video or whatever. No. So trick rolled is when you a a girl, a prostitute ends up getting you in a hotel room, either drugs you or steals your money and rolls you. So the guy's the trick and they roll him for his money. Okay. Like a finesse kind of. Yeah. Sometimes a finesse. Sometimes it's with, with, with some, with drugs. I mean there are a lot of different ways that that could potentially happen. The Act of a person commercially exchanging sex, robbing or stealing from their sex buying client known as a trick. Got it. I got it.


Okay. Yeah, I thought it was something at a sushi joint too. I'm like, damn shit getting out. I don dunno. Yeah, just make sure you cook at first. Like, would you bust in into some like wild parties? Like would you bust in and people have been up for days, would you bust in and people were so bummed that you were ruining the party that ever happened? You know, the thing was, was not so necessarily bumed, it was that the people felt like it was in Vegas. Like, come on cop, we should be able to do this. I mean like, we're, why, why are you, you know, bothering us Right now? Like not, they wouldn't even be mad. It was almost like a joke or people who wouldn't wanna try to pay you off or, or stuff like that. But the funny thing is that when I was talking about the girls doing the trick rolls and stuff, like, and, and everything, these people were a lot of times close to my age.


So I would see these, you know, do you, do you know there's a, this the guy's name is, he was a famous poker player, I can't remember his name. I pulled him over one time and he was completely cracked out. He's not, he's dead now, so it's not me. He was Driving, He was No, he was in the passenger seat. Stu Ew Enger. Yeah, Stu Unger. Stu Unger. I pulled Stu Ung over, he was in the passenger side of a car. The, the dr the driver was this dude who I knew was a dealer completely cracked out of his mind. And Stu tried to play me as I was standing at the, at the passenger side of the car to try to get me to let him go knowing that the car was full of all kinds of stuff.


Now in Vegas, I can tell you that without telling you that on both hands I've run into easily five to 10 b a-list people involving in very, very compromising situations. And I know that happens in LA but the Vegas stuff is really superseded, it's almost always some kind of sex prostitute drug type thing. And I, and you know, I was like 21, 22 years old and I was interacting with people who I had no idea that I would be interacting with them on that type of level. Like were, there are times you get called to hotel rooms.


Like, I'm just trying to think of like, take me on like a specific call if you can. So, And You don I'm not saying name celebrities, I don't need that, but I'm just saying like, yeah, take me on like a call where thing or like, you know, I'm just kind of curious as to the level of like, just the things you would see 'cause it's Vegas, like, you know, it's the craziest place on earth. So Here's a story and, and it's a sad story. I'm sorry. Do I sound demanding about that? No, not at all. I'm good. Okay. Sorry. My, I mean I, I, that's kind of why I came. Right. My hearing is kind of sensitive to that too. Oh, is it? Yeah. I don't know why. I think I'm just tired, but so, So working downtown, I, I got a call once. So You, you guys walk the beat down there. What are you guys in vehicles At? No. So that's one of the things you don't really walk as much as in, in Vegas, you know, everyone really drives a car. And I could talk about that a little bit later 'cause I think foot patrol's kind of important.


But I remember one time going to, there was this movie theater called the Flick Movie Theater. It was right on Fremont Street. And I remember going in and, and going to a hotel getting a, they would comp us our dinner. So we'd get a comp and go eat dinner at one of the hotels. I remember meeting the security guard, he gave me a comp, I went ate dinner and then I got out. You you're talking about foot patrol? I got out to walk my food off about an hour or so later and I go in the Flick Motel and it was one of those kind of triple X kind of movie theater. And the same security guard that gave me the comp was getting a blowjob from a, a young guy in, in one of the back seats in his uniform. Wow. Comp and dinner.


Huh? Hey, so he's sitting in the back getting a blowjob. He was sitting in the back. And what do you do? Do you go in there? Are you wearing like a shades and a like are you hiding in the distance? What are you doing? No. No. So what I hated having to do that 'cause I was a rookie at the time and, and like you walk in there and your boots are like sticky because, you know, all kind of disgust. It was Just kind of gross. I don't clean the place up. There it is right there. Oh, The flicker. You could still see the Yep. That flick. Yep. And were there live sex shows in there? No, they weren't. There was a movie theater but they would want the rookies to walk through it so that stuff like that wouldn't happen. Right. But what was weird was that this guy felt he was comfortable enough to go in his uniform and get a blowjob, you know, in a, in a movie theater. Yeah. Like not even take his, his his uniform off and go inside.


And that was like that wild west mentality. Vegas on that same street, maybe a couple of weeks later, and this would happen frequently. I got a call of a person not answering their door at their hotel room, go up to the hotel room security with the pass key. Wow. It's scary. Open the door. They opened the door. This dude was butt naked on the bed, completely bloated. He was, we say four 19, which is the code for a dead body, completely dead. He, I think rigor had, he might've started turning purple if I recall, but he was definitely dead and he had a picture of his family on the nightstand. So fast forward to the end of what happened was this guy came to Vegas on a, like a conference or something like that.


He has a beautiful family, picks up a hooker, tries to have sex with her, heart pops and he dies. She leaves him and, and she leaves with all of his stuff. And then that's the legacy that he leaves for his family. And it was almost like it was movie like, because on the nightstand I, the guy carried a picture of his family and put it on the nightstand and then I can see his dead fat body. It was little peepee sticking out and he's on the, and he's, and and his kids with his wife picture is right there. Wow. And you think about that kind of stuff. Like see when we talk about this police thing, I think that death is the recurring theme and, and it gets scary. Like, because you see so much, like I would look at a dead body and I'd be like, did that guy realize that that was the last time he was gonna put on those underwear?


Right. Is that the last time that he realized that he was gonna do that, Brushed his teeth, put lotion on his limbs or whatever? Yeah. Yeah. Dude, that's cr Yeah, sometimes I think like, like I have like a moment each day kind of where it's like I sometimes it is kind of putting on your socks. You're like, what if this is the last day? Yeah. You know, I think 'cause that's the one of the moments you're kind of suiting up for the day. I have moments like that. Yeah. What does that kind of, I guess if you see a lot of death, how does that change your perspective or do you think it does for officers or even just you personally? One time I was on a call where a guy hung himself and I was second to arrive and there was another cop in there and the guy was there. He had cut him down but left the ligature around his neck 'cause they didn't wanna make sure that it was actually a suicide.


And the guy was just dead and the cop was there playing with the guys because a lot of people in Vegas have those video poker, little handheld video poker things. I mean, 'cause this was a repeat. They don't do it on their phone. They had, and the cop was just sitting there and he was like just talking to me like yeah. And the guy was dead there. And this is, I'm talking about stuff from the beginning of my career more so. 'cause I think that that really kind of formulated how my mind looked at death and you know, it's evolved some, but that's, those things stand on my mind. And I was like, dang, how's this cop sitting here playing this video game? And I was like, that's why he's playing the video game. Right. That that's why he's playing the video game. 'cause he's gotta sit up here with this guy. He Needs an escape. Yeah. What do you wanna sit here and look and just keep taking the guy's pulse or?


Yeah, it would be hard. It would be crazy if he's sitting there. Yeah. I mean doing anything else but besides trying to occupy his brain, You know, that same time period in my career, it also taught me a lot about what we do with our loved ones. At the last moment there was a recall on domestics. You get a lot of recalls. There was this lady. Okay. And on domestics you mean by p Domestic violence? Yes. Domestic violence. And there was a recall, you said it's a Recall. A lot of times you end up having to go back to the same address multiple times. Okay. So that's a recall. So's recall back out to so and so. And I remember it was really, really pretty kind of, I, I'm guessing at, 'cause I was maybe in my early twenties, I'm gonna guess this lady was about 30 something really, really pretty light-skinned black lady.


And she had some kids and, and she got, she had recently been divorced and so she got the two kids. She got a, it was a son and a daughter. The daughter was about 14 and, and this son was about maybe nine and I'm just guessing these ages. Yeah. And I remember these kids would like be so mean to their mom 'cause the divorce caused them to pick sides. 'cause the mom ended up with the custody of the kids and the dad was a pretty violent guy and she would always call if he was coming through. And I remember going and the kids were just so mean to their mom. After I remember maybe the third recall there was a call to the residents and was, I was just about to get off on graveyard of gunfire and I showed up and the mom was laying on the sidewalk shot in the face by the dad.


And the kids were screaming, my mom, what am I gonna do without my mom? I mean, just screaming. You can feel that go through your whole body and you, but you have to remain professional. Wow. And in my mind I'm saying, but you never said that to her when she was alive. You why, why didn't you know, why didn't you, I didn't say that to them because these kids are going through trauma. Why didn't you say that to them? To her when she was alive? So, you know, when I, when I talk to people about policing, you know, it's nice to tell stories, but is there a lesson that I can learn from this? If someone watches, that's why I really like you man, because people relate to you dude. And like there's some kid or someone watching this that's like maybe going through something.


And if they can take that away that, you know what I'm gonna say I love you or I'm gonna hold back yelling and being rude to you just 'cause I'm having a bad day. Then this, you know, to me is a win. Yeah. I think it's hard for children to learn that. I think one of the things that I think, and I don't have any children, I've been a child, but I don't have any children. But I think one of the things is nobody teaches you kind of how, you know a lot of times to interact, you know how to express your feelings. Like, and I think a kid that you kind of feel like they just are gonna know those things naturally. You know how to talk to their, I mean I think parents probably talk about how to speak to your mother, how to speak to your father. But I think sometimes there is this missing element sometimes of like how to feel what a feeling is.


You know, like kids may be confused, they may think something's anxiety for a lot and it's really just a feeling. You know, it's like I, I think some of that, I think there's a missing piece of education there. And I'm not even blaming it on parents or anything. I think it's just a part of our, maybe our culture that could be more expanded upon. And maybe even the classes in school. I know it sounds crazy. No It doesn't. It sounds real. Yeah. But if somebody would've told me in school how to recognize if one of my friends might be struggling, right? Yes. Or how to like, yes. You know, approach an issue if there's some, you know, some type of thing goes on. Or if somebody's, you know, like how I'm feeling about shit. I think that could have been super helpful. I agree 100%. And as we get older, I think that we learn how to do it better.


But there's so many young people suffering and you know, I hate to use the word term bullying 'cause it sounds kind of corny, but like I don't, I don't like bullying in any way, shape or form. There's someone going through something so difficult. We have no idea how, you know that saying that says, be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a very hard battle. Mm. You know, I, I don't go to Vegas as much. You know, I go to Vegas a couple of times outta the year for just different things. 'cause obviously I still have some roots there. But even being a New Yorker, I spent so many years there. The last time I came to went to Vegas, or maybe it was the last time my daughter picked me up. Right. My oldest daughter picked me up. She's amazing. All my kids are amazing. But my oldest daughter picked me up and she says, we coming back from the airport and I, we drive by this apartment community and I, without even thinking By an apartment community.


Yeah. By apartment community. And without even thinking, I was like, oh. 'cause when you, when you're a cop, you're like, okay, that happened there. That happened there. That, that's all you think about. And I remember I said, I said, I'm gonna tell, I I told her the story that there was this pizza delivery guy, his girlfriend went to pick him up from work and she rode on him on his last delivery. And these guys come out from the bushes and rob and shoot and kill him as the first to arrive. I get there and this girl grabs my arm and she's saying, wake him up. Wake him up and You don, this is in the Bible.


There's a story where this woman walks by. And I'm not saying that I'm Jesus by any shape, but where the woman touched Jesus. And, and he said he felt, you know, he instantly turned and nude that he was touched. There's power that goes through people when they're going through things. And like I, that's why I feel like being a cop for that long. I don't know that the human psyche is meant to be able to deal with going through that. It's like you go to work, you're like, okay, gimme a conflict. Okay, I'm done with that one. Gimme another conflict. Right. Alright, I'm ready. Gimme another conflict. I go to lunch, then I go home and gotta deal with my own conflict. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And you have to go to lunch, dude. What kind of lunch goes with a homicide? Exactly. Or a burning, you know, like, yeah. Oh yeah, I'll have nuggets after a burning.


Like, but then time you still have to eat. Right. But it's like, yeah, you see fucking Ronnie's having, you know, a eight pack of nuggets and they're like, dude, calm down. You fucking had four drownings this morning and you're out here. Just nugget up. Yeah. I can't even imagine. I would be, so it'd be crazy to see a pairing menu for crimes and then different, you know, I think if there's a couple b Andes or whatever, you know. Yeah. I'll have a fucking appetizer. You feel Me? BE you mean breaking and entering? Yeah, I'm trying, I'm trying to work back with you Dude. I, I gotcha. I gotcha.


Here's a dirty little secret that the insurance industry may want to keep under wraps. Insurance companies profit by holding onto your money for as long as possible. So after an accident, they might do whatever they can to delay or deny your claim. Morgan and Morgan fights hard against these corporations to fight to make sure you get every dollar you deserve. When Morgan and Morgan takes on a case, they're almost always going after the big insurance companies and not the individuals at fault. A recent client in Pennsylvania just received $29 million insurer's best offer was 500,000. Another recent client in Florida received $20 million. Last offer was $0. That's why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. Hiring the wrong firm can be disastrous. Hiring the right firm could substantially increase your settlement With Morgan and Morgan. It's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. Just visit for the people.com/theo or dial pound a w that's pound 5 2 9. That's f fo r the people.com/theo or dial pound law. This is a paid advertisement.


No, well we had a detective on one time and we, we talked a lot at, at ad nauseum about like the, the stress that all a lot of officers feel. He told this amazing story about he got called to a scene and the mother's in the yard saying, I think my son is thinking of committing suicide. They look in the doorway, the guy takes his own life with a shotgun, shoots himself in the head. Now he has to go back. Now he's standing there talking to the mother when it happens. She's saying this now this happened. So he has this thing with the mother. He still has to go inside and make sure everything's okay. Like, is that exactly what happened?


Who knows if somebody's still in there with a weapon, you just don't know. He can't get the door open. 'cause the body's right there. He finally is able to get, get it open maneuver. And part of the matter from the guy's head falls down the back of his shirt. Disgusting. Yeah. So now he has still has to deal with the other, he has to fill out reports. It's four hours before he even gets to think about. Yeah. And the whole time he has like, you know, so, but I, yeah, I I just, you guys are like the drain of society. You guys have to be this catchall in this. You have so many responsibilities. It's tough. It really is. You know, and there's a story that, that story that you just told me reminded me of. And again, it's a nexus too about how we treat humans.


What's a nexus mean? Nexus is like a connection to, so, so when one thing connects to another thing, okay, so the this, 'cause the story that you told me reminded me of this story where I negotiated this guy. So I get a call, I was on, I was a sergeant actually at the time. So I, I ended up negotiating because I was part of this crisis intervention team. Okay. So I go from southeast area command all the way to downtown was Valentine's Day, February 14th. A lot of people end up attempting or committing, we'll say 4 0 5. We, our term for that unliving themselves is 4 0 5. Okay. They 4 0 5 on these, on these holidays are at, you know, cemeteries sometimes.


But this guy is on Fremont Street about 14th of Fremont walking up and down and he's got a gun in his hand. And so they pull me into the scene, they put me in a car and, and I'm like the guy, I mean the guy was like about maybe about 12 or 13 feet that way when we first drove mine. I'm like, dang on bro. You gonna drive me close? I was so close. Yeah, he Was so close. But they, they ended up pulling behind this pr 'cause they, it was really kind of a haphazard thing. 'cause the o the patrol officers pulled up on him. He, no one called, I think the guy just the patrol officer pulls up. So the, the perimeter was set up kind of weird. So they, we pull up and I, you know, I get to a safe distance behind. And so I start p on the pa talking to the guy.


It's, you're the negotiator. Yeah. So I'm, I'm I'm talking to him. You're the responsible. I'm the responsible. Right. Okay. And so I I, I'm saying to him, and then I look at the guy, he looks kind of Latino. So then I start saying, and I said, maybe I'll say it in Spanish. So then in in Spanish, I start giving, you know, saying to him, listen, you know, giving him the whole thing right. And he keeps starting to raise the fire. And I keep going like this because all, you know, these guy, you know, officers with their rifles on him and officers. And I'm like, this guy's gonna get, and I can see him talking to him and then one time he lifts, they light him up. So we all just run across the street. And these weird things happen when, when you're in a very critical situation like that. I remember one of the first things I noticed was that his pinky was shot off and when I first got up to him, so we get the scene, calm down and then I see also in his boot he had a a, a derringer, a little small 22.


Yeah. Derringer. The gun that he had was not real. It was a, it was a replica firearm if I recall. It was appellate, something like that. This is what's called Suicide by cop. I don't know if you're familiar with that term. I've heard now I am. And now I totally understand it. They trick you into shooting 'em. Right. Because they don't wanna do it themself. What? Yes. Be Well some people because of rere remember for religious reasons, they feel like if they kill themselves, that's the last act that they committed. Right. And there, or some people just don't have, I, I guess I don't wanna say courage 'cause I It's ballsy to unlive yourself. Yes, It is. So 4 0 5 is, is a serious thing. So those are some replica firearms. It was a legit, I shot a guy with one of those by the way. Yeah.


That's a six hour, right? I have a six hour. Oh yeah. I, I don't, I don't, I kind of prefer a Glock. Yeah. It is just, it's a personal preference. You know, I have a few different guns. My favorite gun is my ar pistol though. Mm. You know, but I, I mean I'm not a big gun person, but I, I strongly believe in protecting mine. Yeah. My peeps. Oh, for sure. That's why I, I live in, in a state where you can you where you can have a weapon. Yes. Too is nice. So in that instance, say you're, you're just, you're, you're talking to somebody. It's a hostile negotiation situation, right? Yes. You know, lemme just tell you one other part of that story that I meant to tell you. Forgive me. Yeah, no, go. So what happened was we had to go to coroner inquest for that. And we all go and we tell you had to go to what it's called. It's called a coroner's inquest where everyone gives testimony.


Okay. About, About is that the same day is right? No, no, no. It's sometime after because homicide has to collect them their, their information and everything. And mind you, you know, this is some week later. So this lady where after, after all the officers and everyone testify, this lady walks in, no one knows who she is and she's in like this kind of like plain jane kind of outfit. And she walks up to the front and it's almost like a movie scene 'cause it's all quiet. 'cause I didn't know who she was. And she gets, gets up they swear in or whatever and she says, I just want you to know that while you guys were on the police side, this person was my brother. I'm not here to try to defend his behavior. I just came so officially, you know, that someone loved him and then she got up and she left.


Wow. And so to me it's like you never know what someone's going through in life when you go, you know, with the whole road rage thing or whatever, you know, like maybe that person may let me cut them a little bit of slack. You know, let me cut them a little bit slack and I mean, I'm raising my hand. I am very, very guilty. Oh, For sure. All of us are, I, I don't think, it doesn't sound like we're trying to like you're trying to exclude yourself. It's just like, yeah, it's funny. You get so active and so animated, it's hard to sometimes have that control, you know? Yeah. And self-control is such a huge thing. But God, that's a powerful moment. I just wanted you to know that, that somebody loved this person. Yes. It was deep man. Yeah. 'cause otherwise you just see this person, a lot of times you don't even get a story.


You don't even know their story. You just pull up somebody's deceased, somebody's killed someone, somebody's tried to take their own life. What's that moment when you're negotiating? Right. And you were so, or do you have a weapon on the person or You don't have a weapon on 'em, you're kind of, No. So, so negotiation happens in a lot of different ways. That's not, that's atypical way because this typ from the negotiation team, they set up a command center. Okay. Got whole, got nine yards. You're very far back. I mean, sometimes you don't get on the phone for maybe an hour, you could be two hours later. That situation was a very critical situation where they needed someone who had training on the scene. So what's what's kind of fun that I've been able to deal with those kinds and also the kind where you're in the tactical operations center.


So, you know, another one of those kind of dynamic situations was the guy who was inside had a gun. His neighbor called and I was negotiating and it, it's called a face to face. But it's really, we weren't really face to face because we don't do face-to-face. It's like, it's incredibly dangerous. But I was actually in patrol at the time and I was the first to arrive and I ended up getting a rapport with this guy. And I talked to him and talked to him and we, I developed, you know, I I wanna say liking the guy, you know, and understanding what he was going through. He's going through and they, you know, it's usually like three things. You know, it's like he's a, a health issue, loneliness, you know, a family loss and a financial issue or a medical issue. It's any one of a various things. And he was going through like maybe all of those things and, and, and I remember talking to him and I'm like, and he says, you know what, we got to a point where he said, you know, I'm gonna come out but I want to come out and I want, I want to talk to you.


Will you walk me to the ambulance? 'cause I told him he was gonna go to the ambulance and get transported. And I did that and I stayed with them at the ambulance. The ambulance people come out to me and they say, Hey officer, you, you might want to come see this. I go inside and inside of his drawer stacks of kiddie porn, stacks of it. Dang. Now mind you, I would talk this guy out of four. Oh fiveing, right? You talking him from oh out of one alive in himself. And then now you're like, look what I've done. You know, It is really, Is that the thing that's like I kept this person alive. Me. It's like you have this really kind of dual like this. I'm sure it's really like Right. You're like, if I had my choice, if I was able to walk up on somebody and over the wild west, I would probably Yeah, You know what you you, it's a very difficult, difficult situation to be in.


And you know, when you talk to a person for extended periods of time, it's called Stockholm and you know, have you've ever heard of Stockholm syndrome? Stockholm Syndrome, yeah. Let's bring it up. Let me read the definition of it. 'cause I always hear it and I even say it and I thought of it originally it was people from Norway that got lost or whatever, I think. But lemme think it was a bank robbery. Stockholm syndrome is, what'd you say? It's a bank robbery thing. Oh, it's a bank robbery thing. Yeah. Stockholm Syndrome is a psychological response where a hostage or victim develops positive feelings or emotional attachment to their captor or abuser. Often as a coping mechanism during prolonged captivity or abusive situations. So it's kind of like marriage or whatever, but it's like very severe and that's just a joke. But yeah, so psychological.


So that's interesting. Speaking of like that kind of thing, you hear a lot about child trafficking. You heard a lot about trafficking. That is a buzzword Right now for sure. Did you see a ton of that kind of stuff? Or is some of that, 'cause I'm not saying it doesn't happen. I know that there's a lot of things like that, but is there a lot, is some of that just heightened because we hear about it every single day now. Did you see a lot of that sort of thing? Or what do you see? So, Okay, from what define child from your definition of child. That's a great question. So I guess you would think of, right, did you see a lot of pedophilia or did you see, did you see like more like people just trafficking pro like prostitution type of that being run by pimps?


Like what did you see? Kinda like what kind of Those things were separate? Kind of separate. Right. Okay. The pedophilia. You'd see like familial stuff like that. Right. Or you would see like that guy that had the pictures inside the room. It wasn't a person running, you know, females. One time I was, I was actually with the cops TV show and for this, in this episode, they couldn't air because of, we drove, drove, we drove into the desert because a a, a vagrant had found a campsite and there was a person who was living there. And this guy, and I'm gonna assume it was a guy 'cause we never caught him, but all of these pornographic magazines, this is scary man. He cut little kids' faces out of other regular magazines and pasted the little kids' faces on all these explicit magazines.


So this is the type of person you think would be like a serial, like kidnapper, rape, like whatever. Yeah. And the cops didn't end up airing it and I'm sure why because I mean it was incredibly graphic and, and and creatively weird and disgusting at the same time. And we never ever caught the guy. Oh never caught him. What was the campsite like? It was just a disgusting campsite in the desert area. 'cause Vegas has a lot of desert areas. So if you, especially if you go like to the North Air Northwest area for sure. And Vegas vagrants kind of hang out there kind of a little near Ellis Air Force base Like jugs and ppp, stuff like that. Like just like stuff like food stuff sitting around. It's like somebody just Exactly like that.


You know, old, you know, cans, beer, you know, beer bottles, soda bottles. There was like a sleeping bag and stuff like that. That's So bizarre. Yeah. So that's kind of like as far as like a perverted type of thing, you see? Yes. And it's kind of crazy. Like it's crazy what happens mentally to people that they, that that becomes something for them. You know, like what sickness happens inside of them, you know? And a lot of that you hear too is cyclical I think. Right? Yeah, it is. And you know, that's one of the things that I, I so yeah. So that the one that was molested ends up molesting. Yeah. Is that true? Let's look up what percentage of people that get molested end up becoming molesters. And I don dunno if that's the right terminology, but you always hear that.


So let me see if I can get a little bit of information with that Right now. Trevon, if you have something, I just wonder if that's fact or fiction. I think it would probably be significant. There is widespread belief in a cycle of child sexual abuse, but little empirical evidence for this belief, the aims were to identify perpetrators of such abuse who had been victims of pedophilia and or incest in order to ascertain whether subjects who had been victims become perpetrators. The results among 747 males, the risk of becoming a perpetrator was positively correlated with reported sexual abuse victim experiences. The overall rate of having been a victim was 35% for perpetrators and 11% for non perpetrators. Of the 96 females, 43% had been victims, but only one was a perpetrator.


A high percentage of male subjects abused in childhood by a female relative became perpetrators. That's interesting. Having been a victim was a strong predictor of becoming a perpetrator, as was an index of parental loss in childhood. Wow. The data supports the notion of a victim to victim cycle in a minority of male perpetrators, but not among the female victims studied. That's interesting that some of them also be having become a victim of strong index of parental loss. That, that sometimes you, you do that if you lost a parent. Yeah. That's interesting. I don't even know why that would happen. Huh? Just kind of interesting because you always hear that, you know that it happens a lot in male and then you see that it happens a lot in males, but not as much in females.


What I I in Vegas? Yeah. You run across, you know, everybody's there to have the craziest time. Yes. Right. Everybody's there to have, you know, bonkers times and I'm sure, and there's tons of like prostitution, sex work, girls who were just partying for money. I mean, there's everything there. The prostitution on Vegas is just off the meter. Is it? Because a lot of people think that it's legal in Vegas. Vegas, it's not legal. In Vegas it's legal a little bit north. In Nye County, you can go to the, there's a chicken ranch and there's other places that people can go. But in Vegas it's illegal. It's a misdemeanor, but it's, it's still illegal. But inside the clubs, inside the casinos, I mean, there's tons of girls who are working and most of them, not most of them, a lot of them work for pimps.


Oh they do. A lot Of them do. What's that kind of connection? Would you see that sometimes? Like, does the pimp come and drop them off? Does the pimp put them, does he like uber pool them or whatever? Like how do they get the hook? The women down to the strip or whatever is the pimp down there? So There's a thing, well, p pimps a lot of times up from a pimp perspective, they, they have a stable of women and they'll go from place to place to place. Like, they'll go to Miami and bring their girls to Miami to work. They'll bring their girls to, you know, New York or Vegas or whatever. And there's a, and these girls are called, I don't want terminology, but they call carpet holes or holes that actually work inside of casinos. And they'll, they'll walk inside the hole, inside the casino, they call on the carpet and they'll go make the money, come back and give it to the pimp.


Then you have the lower level prostitutes, which are the ones that work the tracks. And a track is a place where it's known for prostitution and Vegas and every other major city has tracks and lower level pimps will drop their girls off on the tracks and then they'll walk the track and make their money. Then you have the ones that are the call girls who work out of the books, and they're the most high level females that a person can interact with. The trek, the people who drops 'em off of the tracks. What kind of ves, what kind of vehicles do pimps drive? Do they still drive like these crazy, classy cars? Do they drive a van? Like So I, you know, I'm still, I'm retired, so now it may have changed, but I, I can tell you that in the time when I was working those, their cars stood out. It wasn't like the 1970s pimp mobile type vehicles.


Right. But you would see the nicer, you know, Escalades or whatever types of vehicles. But you could, we would know, because I mean, if you're on a Boulder Highway, which is a really, really kind of seedy area, especially where the track is by Five Points Boulder Highway. It's called, It's called Boulder Highway. Five Points. Yeah. 'cause it, five points of the City intersect at that location. And that's a track. It's still a track. Okay. Let's see that Boulder Highway five points. Yeah. 'cause when sometimes I, I go, I'll drive just to see what places are still popping. Yeah, Sure. Brother. And A lot of the pimps, are they, what types of guys, are they black men? Are they Asian men? Black black men? It is black males are mostly pimps. So That's more of, it's a black that I, I invent a crack. Yes. Right. Black Culture. It's a black culture thing, huh?


It is. You didn't know that. I've seen, I've thought that because the pimps that I've met, the pimps that I've met, I've only maybe met three pimps, but two and a half of 'em, or one of 'em was mixed, but two of 'em were full or potentially full black. But even in, in rap culture, you can hear people talk about PIM culture. Oh yeah. So yeah, it's like very, it's very clear that that's a subculture Of, I just didn't know if it was also Chinese or Russian type of thing, you know? Do you see a lot of that Vietnamese stuff? No, Not in my career. I, I didn't see that. But in New York, I know that, you know, the Russians have a lock on a lot of different vices in New York that didn't really translate into Vegas as much. Yeah.


At a certain point, do you let the women trick, do you let them do whatever they gotta do out there? Like, I mean, what do you, you just wanna make sure they're safe at a certain point. Like, you know, the crime is gonna go on. Right. If it's a kind of a fluid crime that happens regularly, is there more of a idea, like, okay, we just want this to happen safely? Or is it more of an idea of like, we want to stop this? So it's a very good question. So there's only so much you could do, right? So the primary pri pri primary responsibility for a patrol officer is to respond to calls for service. So I'm gonna speak to when I was a patrol officer, And I'm talking about prostitution, right? For prostitution. So, I mean, you see two or three prostitutes walking up and down the street.


I mean, when you can only stop one. But most of the time they would, if they saw a patrol car, they would just keep walking. And, and if I hung out in the area long enough, they would realize that no trick is gonna stop and, and, and pick them up. So you could affect it like that. But then you get a call for service and then you gotta leave. And then they're gonna be back doing exactly what they want to do. Is it, was it a crime that I was really super concerned about? No, it wasn't. But it looks bad when I'm part of the responsible party of keeping that area safe. And you know, if you have a prostitution situation going on, either something else is gonna occur, you know, connected to that, right? There's either she's gonna get beat up or she's going to rot, steal his money.


A lot of times they would do that to guys if they felt like they could take their money. 'cause they weren't the, the guy wouldn't report it to the police. That would happen for low level for people who wanted to buy drugs too. You would get these kids from the Midwest to come there, or they're in Vegas. Okay, we go down on Fremont, let's go buy some whatever they wanna buy. And I'm not gonna, you fill in the blank, whatever drug. Oh yeah, it could be. And they would just give, they would just rob 'em. They would give them whatever, and they'd say, go call the police if You don. And, and then what are they gonna do? They're not gonna call the police. And then you got all of this crap going on and it looks bad. It's like, why, why are tax dollars paying for the police if we're not gonna keep the area clear? So I think the answer to your question, yeah. What I would do mostly is I would leave the prostitutes alone with the exception of, you know, interacting with them to say, Hey, it's time to clear out.


Do officers respond to in casino activities or do in casino security, respond to those so, so that it's not a public thing? Right. So the casino security are pretty high level. They're pretty well trained. They handle what they can, but they can't arrest anyone. Oh. So if it's a felony, we have to come and take care of it. For most misdemeanors, a lot of times they would give a person a warning. I got called to casinos a lot of times for a lot of different things. I mean, 'cause you know, people get drunk high, you know, I told you, if we have dead bodies, obviously the police have to respond to dead bodies. That's crazy. Oh yeah. But in a lot of times people die in, in, in these casinos. What do they die? Overdoses? Probably. A lot of times it's overdoses.


Yeah. Really? Yeah. And is it a lot of times just people doing cocaine by themselves? Is it, what is it, you think? So let me speak to the things I can specifically remember. So sometimes it's been just over partying, overexertion of their heart. And it could be a combination of using drugs, trying to have some sex that they weren't trying, weren't capable of doing. But a lot of times it's an overexertion and trying to put too much in a weekend and thinking that Vegas is gonna be the panacea to whatever they would've had going on in their life back in Minnesota. Right. And it wasn't. Yeah. Was there ever like a murder in a casino? A murder in a casino? No, I don't. I, I've never ever responded to a murder in a casino. I've responded to a lot of different murders, but in the patrols capacity, a lot of times those murders were either a robbery, the, the really sad ones were obviously the, the domestic violence ones.


But the casinos, they did a pretty decent job of the ones that casinos that I dealt with of kind of monitoring their clientele. They've done, they Vegas because you don't, you get issues like that and then people are not gonna come back to your casino. Yeah. Vegas is run by money and most of the directors of these casinos are people who were prior, who were cops before. Oh, that's true. Yeah. It's just like, yeah. People that lobby and people that work in congress. Like you're only so far from the other side. Yes. It's like, once you know so much about being an officer, at a certain point the criminals might hire you because you know so much about being an officer. It's like, there so many things are kind of simpatico like that. What about, did, did prostitutes offer cop stuff a lot?


Does that happen or no? Yeah, There was some cops that have gotten in trouble for getting some of the, you know, prostitution stuff on the side. And that's another thing is that they, you ever heard the term badge bunnies? So it's not just prostitutes, it's just a lot of times women in general would offer police, you know, sex. Sex Or sexual activities? Sex activities. Oh yeah. A lot. A lot of the chicks over by, we had a foot locker bus. A lot of chicks over there was always trying to slurp on the cops or Whatever. Yeah. My, my, one of my tac officers, the guys who teach you when you're in academy, said, this badge will get you a whole bunch of coochie. But one coochie will take that badge away. Damn. And it's true. And what a lot of off, a lot of officers still like, whatever.


This is part of my, I had a Coughlin Tire. This dude was super squared away. I mean tall, good looking, I mean straight outta central casting. And, and I'm definitely not gonna say his name. I had a ton of respect for this guy for sure. In fact, I think he was good enough to almost play professional baseball. If I recall. He, I was his, I was his boss at the time. And he, he goes on a call and this girl, he was supposed to take a, I think a burglary report, if I recall. And he ends up hooking up with the girl and realizes that he screwed up. And so, and the girls, I guess having feelings for him.


And so like how he ends up going and putting like a hoodie on and going and trying to buy the morning after pill at a convenience store, whatever, or CVS, wherever you can buy the morning after pill. And he had called me and said, Hey, I'm not feeling well. Can I get off early? And I just, this guy was so sharp. I was like, yeah, go ahead, go go home. And it, so he, and he tells the girl he wants her to take the morning after pill and then she ends up calling The police, calling The police. And then it turns out, and he lost his job over it. And then there's, there's a video of him. This is like a, a, a married guy with a, with a hoodie on going in, buying the morning after pill. And it's just, it was that, that, that temptation story involving me.


I went on a calls loud music call and it was all these girls that came in drunk from a, from a party, all really hot girls. And it was like three of us on the call. And we told 'em to turn the music down. And this beautiful girl looks at me and she says, and they're like, oh, she got her naval pierce, she got her naval pierce. And I was like, oh, cool. And she goes like this, she goes, look and pulled her dress up, no panties on Uhuh and showed me her naval piercing. Yeah. That kind of stuff happens. And What do you do? Can you me? I'm just kidding. Of course, you clearly, Can you look or not of Of course. I mean, she was standing right there. I wasn't, you know, I just said, no, you know, we're gonna leave. You know, you gotta be professional and, and you gotta go. But you gonna get that kind of stuff all the time.


I mean, I, there was a time there. I mean, you write people tickets, they track you down and you want to, you know, meet up or connect or whatever. There are people who just have a thing for police. Is it hard to say no to that type of thing now? At some points, No, because you get off shift. I mean, you get off shift and you can, you know, meet the person after. You don't have to try to do it on duty. Oh, So you could still do it at off duty. It depends on what kind of situation is right. There were guys, now there are cops who have banged the, the white. They will, this hap stories happened more than once where a guy, a cop arrests a guy, the husband for domestic violence and hooks up with the wife. No, that's happened more than once. What's that called? Is there a felony? A felony? I mean, I mean a bad business. I mean it's, it's just, it's bad, bad business.


Yeah. It's, it's really bad business. I mean It Damn. Yeah. I was wondering if there's a term for that, you know? Yeah. It's, it's bad. It's, it's a very, very bad thing. What are some of the, I I heard you talking about suicide earlier with the guy, or maybe it was drug use where it was Valentine's Day, I guess The Valentine's Day guy. Guess is that a scary time? Like, what's like one of the most dangerous holidays? New Year's Eve. Really? I didn't, I didn't like working New Year's Eve. 'cause so many people shoot guns in the air and all kinds of stuff like that. And I remember I went on a call one time. Yeah. And s a lot of it's Mexican people I think. I'm not saying any And whites. Well, well the story that I went to is, well, a lady, what goes up must come down. Yeah. Someone shot a gun up and Bullet came down and was right in her, in her boob.


Yeah. Mm. So that's a cautionary tale to people who go out and shoot on Valentine's Day. Yeah. No, because we didn't catch the guy. But yeah. So I didn't, I didn't. And New Year's Eve, he's just people getting wild and drunk and fighting. The one time a person spiting, my face was on New Year's Eve. Hmm. A woman. What do you do then? It was tough deal. I was gonna, I was about to retire, man. And this girl was just incredibly drunk, you know, she couldn't go into the casino. We end up getting her into custody. My officers got her in custody and I'm trying to calm her down face to face and she just spit right in my face, man. Damn. I'm telling you, it took everything, you know, I saw my whole career, Madison. Ooh, I, I bet. You know, and you, and she ended up getting booked on that.


'cause you know, you, that, that's a crime, obviously. And we went to court and she was dressed up completely nice. And they offered her a deal if I would agree to her getting the deal. And I, and I gave her the deal, man. Wow. Gave her the deal because people get drunk and do stupid things, man. It sucked getting, you know, it's, it, not only does the smell and all that other stuff suck, but what sucks being humiliated on Fremont Street on New Year's Eve in front of thousands of people and seeing people laughing at you for being spit upon it sucked, man. It really did. But I, but you got, you know, to me you gotta learn to forgive, man. Yeah. Well you're out there though in moments like Yes, you do. It's really, it's interesting 'cause I feel like we're at this juxtaposition sometimes in society where it's like, you know, yes, you want to treat people with respect.


Yes. You want people to, you know, you wanna believe that all people are good, but then it also, you, it starts to be like, it feels like the bad stuff is winning sometimes. But I don't think that all people are good. I think that we are human that are capable of doing things that we don't even know that we're capable of doing. I have this thought that we, if placed in the right or wrong circumstance, a person that you would think would not do a certain thing would do that certain thing. That's the thing about being human. That's the beauty of, of free will to some degree, in my opinion. Right. There's that famous case where someone was giving someone an order like through a wall or something.


Can you find it really Quick? Oh. And they were asking to shock and they, and they, and yeah, I think I know which case you're talking about. Yeah. In the person. Yeah, they, Yeah. The Milgram experience there is, in 1961, a series of social psychology experiments were conducted by Yale University psychologist Stanley Milgram, who intended to measure the willingness of study participants to obey an authority, figure who instructed them to perform acts conflicting with their personal conscience. Participants were led to believe that they were assisting a fictitious experiment in which they had to administer electric shocks to a learner, which was another person. These fake electric shocks gradually increased to levels that would've been fatal had they been real. What About the McDonald's one?


Do you, are you familiar with the McDonald's case, the police case where the guy Craziest thing I've ever heard and, And, and just 'cause he thought it was a cop, they were willing to go to that degree. This is the craziest thing that ever happened. The strip search, phone call scam was a series of incidents mostly occurring in rural areas of the US that extended over a period of at least 10 years. Starting in 1994, the incidents involved a man calling a restaurant or grocery store. And oftentimes it was a McDonald's claiming to be a police officer and then convincing managers to conduct strip searches of employees and to perform other bizarre and humiliating acts on behalf of the police. Yes. It's hard to laugh, but this shit isreal. Yes.


With every hoax, a male caller who identified himself as a police officer would contact a manager or supervisor and would solicit their help in detaining an employee or customer who was suspected of a crime such as a theft or drug possession. He would then provide a generic description of the suspect, like, oh, it's a female employee, et cetera, which the manager would recognize and then he would ask the manager to search the suspected person. So basically he just had a guy calling up McDonald's. Oh. Eventually the caller would've groomed the manager to the point where they would do almost anything asked by the caller. Yes. Such as spanking, kissing, inappropriate, touching, oral sex penetration, and even sexual assault and rape. Yep.


Many of the incidents would last hours. I'm sorry, man, this is not funny. I don't know what, I think there's something about it that many of this is fucking crazy, I think. Right? It's psycho, It's Crazy. Okay, good. Many of the incidents would last hours before either of the participants of the strip search realized the call is a hoax. Or by the intervention of a bystander dude Even came, is it even crazier? This became a form of porn that became super popular. Really? Yes. Where they were having it would look, they would just filming exactly like that. God, yeah. I I did a deep dive on this whole thing. Yeah. This thing is fascinating. Yeah. Basically they would call, they would have the manager, we get the manager on the phone and they'd be like, yeah, I'm calling with the police.


We have security camera footage that one of your employees has been stealing. That would give a description of the employee, then the manager would bring the employee into the back room with the police alleged police officers still on the phone and be like, okay, yeah, I need you to have the employee take off their shirt. Right? Yes. And a lot of times the person might have access to the cameras in the, in the McDonald's or in the restaurant so they can actually watch this somewhere afar. Right. Remotely. Yeah. So, but anyway, they'd be like, yeah, now have the person lift off their arms, have 'em take off their bra, their pants or whatever, spread their leg. And you have this make, this is fucking crazy.


You have a manager at McDonald's and an employee of McDonald's. Now they're both nervous looking at each other's private parts for something They didn't even say what they stole a lot of times. Yes. Like what are they gonna like, you know? And, and one of 'em was a husband and wife. The, the manager, the male manager and the female is a husband was a wife. That's the best. Yeah. The, the, the, the lady was like, oh my God. Because she was a manager. She's like, it's busy today. I have to get back to work. She's like, let me call my husband. Yes, yes. Who I trust. Yes. And let him do it To come down here and finish this examination of this, of this female employee. Yeah. So now you have the husband of the McDonald's manager sitting there, strip searching a female employee who's done nothing the whole time.


There's a cop on the phone. It's been a couple hours now. And they, at one point they told the girl, the woman, I believe, to blowjob the man. So now you have somebody who allegedly stole from McDonald's, blowing the boyfriend of a man. I just, sorry, this is crazy. I I I I don't understand how they could go that far. And Then at a certain point, the, the janitor literally gets on the phone. Yeah. This is the part right here. On February, 2003, a phone call is made with McDonald's in, hi, I'm sorry man. This shit in Hinesville, Georgia, the female manager who believed she was speaking to a police officer who was with the director of operations for the restaurants upper management, that two, she believed she was speaking to, took a female employee into the women's bathroom and strip searcher.


She also brought in a 55-year-old male janitor who conducted a body cavity search of the woman to uncover hidden drugs. Yeah. It's just crazy. And then the Jan, and I think it was a different instance, but the janitor got on the phone one time and like, oh, this guy's just screwing around. Yeah, Yeah. And hung up the phone, Hung the phone. So then people were just standing there naked and like, what the fuck just happened? God, this is crazy. That this was just such a huge thing that happened. Can you imagine that? And it started, I, I, I couldn't believe it was true. I could not believe it was true. And it started when you were saying about the authority, right? Like just the authoritative voice or, or thinking that it's a police officer. Yeah. That these people will be willing to do that. It's unbelievable to me.


I'm William Gug, a URI collaborator and professional ultrarunner from the uk. I love to tackle endurance runs around the world, including a 55 day 3064 mile run across the us. So I know a thing or two about performance wear when it comes to relaxing. I look for something ultra versatile and comfy. The Ponto performance jogger from URI is perfect for all of those things. It's the comfiest jogger I've ever worn. And the dream knit fabric is wild. Always reach for them over other joggers. Check them out in the Dream Nick Collection by going to uri.com/william. That's VUOR i.com/william, where new customers can receive 20% off their first order. Plus, enjoy free shipping in the US on orders over $75 and free returns exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


Yeah. Can you take me on a call that, that kind of baffled you or still sticks with You? This one is, is is tough, ma'am. So the call comes out and, and, and this was a swing shift call. So it's usually right before, you know, after 3:00 PM swing shift's, 3:00 PM until about 1:00 AM So the night hours about nine to 11 or the hours of things really pop off. So this call comes out where this, these guys are screaming on the phone. My brother's been shot, my brother's been shot, my brother's been shot. It, it happened at the, at the Circle K. So I drive up to the address of where it is and these two guys are on the sidewalk just wailing like freaked. And like you, I know that true.


That's why it's hard for me to watch TV shows. But these, these guys are truly in trauma and they're wailing. And I could see the car where they're talking about, they're like my brother, my brother, my brother. And I go to the car and I get to the window and I see this, like, this guy had a lot of hair. It was all matted and mushed and you can tell that he wasn't moving. And, and I open and his face was just 'cause he had been shot in the head. His face was just mush and it was just all this nasty purple blood and everything. So I closed the door and I go in, I talk to the brothers and they told me that they were driving by the Circle K and that someone shot at them. And I was like, it just didn't make a lot of sense to me that, you know, the entry wound was in the back of the head and there's no entry in the window of the car.


What turns out is it was three brothers in the car and the brother in the backseat was playing with the gun and he put it to his brother's head, joking around and he pulled the trigger and shot and killed his brother. And so in that short period of time, the two alive brothers have to figure out a story because this happened very, very, you know, quickly. And I remember when I, because the brothers ended up confessing to this is the trauma of killing your brother and then having to make up a story about it and having to deal with that grief. One of the most like wild, crazy things. 'cause you do have, it was an accident, but it's negligence, but Right.


But it, the, the biggest crime is that he, that he has to almost didn't deal with this burden Yeah. Of killing his own brother. It almost sounds Shakespearean or something. It is. And you know, that's, we, you know, playing with guns is another thing because one of the first calls I ever had to translate on was, 'cause we had, we have aaa, well I don't say we 'cause I don't live there anymore, but in Vegas they have AAA baseball and they had this AAA team, this guy, we had Tommy John surgery and a Dominican guy had Tommy John. And so he was partying with his friends and they brought some girls over and he was playing with the gun and shot this young girl in the head. She was probably like 19 years old, killed her. And I walk into the, I walk into the, I walk upstairs, I walk into the apartment and the girl, her eyes were open and she was just to the side like this.


And the guy is just like, he's completely freaked out and he's thinking about his career, right. And I, so I'm, he didn't speak English, so I'm, you know, translating to him in Spanish. And I'm like, the stupidity again of playing with a freaking gun. You just, this life is done. You know, I mean, you're done. Your career is what you're thinking about Right now. How do you live with that? Don't even think about the legal stuff that you have to go through living with the fact that you took this like 18 or 19-year-old girl's life because you wanted to show off and play with their gun. So that, like, there's another lesson. It's like, do not play with frigging guns. And they're not toys. They're really not toys. Oh. And so many people do. So many people do.


It's ridiculous, dude. I would not, yeah. I, we had a kid in high school and there was, I guess kids playing poker together and he was messing with the gun and shot shot himself. There were two brothers in our town and one of them, they were playing Russian roulette together and they were idiots. I'll be honest. They were dumb, not smart guys. And one of 'em shot himself. I mean, how, but what a weird moment. Then you're sitting, you're the brother. Like what, even we could have played another, we could have played hoops or something, you know, just like, it's heartbreaking, man. Responsible gun ownership is good. But you know, when, when it comes to playing with guns are showing off with guns.


Yeah. I mean it's, it's just one of the stupidest things that you can possibly do. Have you ever been involved in a shooting? Yes, I have. And in fact, I was mentioning earlier, yeah, I was involved in two and I was a sergeant on nine. You were a sergeant on nine Shootings. On nine on nine different shootings. Yeah. So I've, I've, I'm intimately And a shooting means somebody shot somebody or it means somebody shot an officer. It means an officer shot someone An officer. It could mean any of those but you. But, but the ones I was involved in the, and the one that I was specifically would reference is this interesting story was a, a a cop buddy of mine. This, this mom had, was taking her kids out and having one of the kids like, make a commotion and then the rest of the kids would steal stuff and run out. So my buddy had a warrant for, At a grocery store At like a more like those target type places.


Got it. My buddy had a warrant for one of the people in the family and he asked me to go with them to serve it. And it was, it was an arrest warrant. So we get to the apartment community and he thinks he sees one of the guys involved in this thing. And, and, and the guy I remember he had on these red cargo shorts, a white t-shirt, white wife beater. And he, he goes, that's the guy. So there's a thing that we do is we're called contact cover, where one officer does all the talking and the other one covers to make sure that the person's not doing anything. And Oh, okay. So the guy up front can feel comfortable knowing that the guy behind him, his soul, his soul purpose, purpose is just to see if this dude tries to make a single move.


Yep. It's called contact cover. And so I was the cover officer and as I'm looking at the guy I see in his cargo pocket, the outline of a gun. And so our code for gun is four 13. So I made the four, I give four 13 to him, to the it. So my guy sees it and he's like, oh shoot. So the guy was being a no. So the reason yes. People, no people, maybe people, and the guy was being a maybe, maybe person, like maybe I'll comply and that maybe people we wanna get them into custody with. So I made the choice that I knew, I could tell it was the gun. So I made the choice that I went and I grabbed it and this guy yanked away from me and he got away. And so the foot pursuit suit starts and he reaches into his cargo pocket and I'm running after him gun drawn.


And, and this was around 4 35 o'clock in Vegas. So it's, it's still very light outside. And I'm running after him and he keeps turning around and looking at me and I keep saying, if you pull that gun out of your pocket, if I'm screaming, if you pull that gun, if you pull that. And then he pulled the gun and I lit him up. I remember af after I shot that, you know, he does the somersaults and everyone in this place is screaming at The target at at the apartment complex. At the apartment complex. Everyone's screaming. And they were, this place was kind of anti-police. They're like, oh, he shot that guy. He shot that guy. And the the guy's mom came out. No, she was one of the first people to come out. He lived it turned out that it was a replica gun.


It wasn't even a real gun Replica. It was a replica that looked like a, a firearm. It was not even a real weapon. It was, It was not a fireable weapon. It a replica Why that is even dumber than anything. Well, it, it makes Sense, but actually is a blessing then it was, it Makes sense. It makes sense because It makes n to y Sorry. 'cause a lot of those guys will, they'll rob people with them. Oh, I see. Or, Or if someone, you know, and he, he is a, a gang member. And so a lot of times they'll flash those or if they have the inability to get something that's better than nothing. But it was just incredibly, and it became a race thing, which was really weird because I'm not white, you know, but the media portrays things a certain way and, and it flips his Was it a black perpetrator?


Yes. Okay. Yes. Oh, he, he was, he is, he's still alive. Wow. And do you choose, at that point, are you trying to maim someone or are you trying to just slow them down? No, no. We shoot to, in incapacitate you're taught to shoot center mass. But again, do you, are you, do you train running at full speed through an apartment community? No. There's a whole bunch of different dynamic that come into play. Yeah. That's gotta be kind of fascinating with a lot of ra. Yeah. There's so much racial stuff surrounding police and policing. Yeah. What does that look like from the inside? What's that? Because if you were, if it was a black group and you got accused and you're Dominican. No, I'm half black, half white. Oh, you are? Okay. So you're black and white.


Well, actually both of my parents are kind of mixed. So I guess I'm, I'm, but I'm considering myself black. Yeah. But I speak Spanish. 'cause I learned to speak Spanish as an adult. Mm. That was an intent of mine. I, I respect cultures. I think that, and I lived in another country that spoke Spanish. So I felt that if you go into another country and learn their language, I think that makes good sense. It just helps you probably too. Oh, 100%. Yeah. And probably help you so much in your service, in your in, you know. Oh yeah. Because immediately you can relate with somebody else. Yes. On a level that a lot of people wouldn't be able to. Yeah. What is ra, what is that profile? What is that like? There's so much racial stuff that revolves around the police all the time. Does that get uncomfortable out there in the streets? What is it like? It's really interesting because, you know, a lot of people, being a white cop is really, really difficult.


A white male cop. Because so often the default is that you did it because I'm this race and you're white. And I was around cops for 20 plus years and I can't, I can only think of one instance, one instance where there was an overtly racial thing that occurred and it was a, it was a comment that was made in a briefing room. And, but as far as the treating of a person, because they were a certain race, I, I I, I've never seen that and I'm, I'm hypersensitive to that kind of stuff. Like I study that and fact, I taught it for a while and Talk, what is that called?


So some people call it diversity. I call, my class was called human and I called it the soul search warrant. And I think that we all have biases. All of us have biases. Oh, for sure. And I think that you as a comedian know that part of those biases is what makes a lot of comedy funny. And most black comedians, the first thing that they talk about is how black people are a certain way and white people are a certain way. I mean, that, that's just kind of how we are. But we get along and it works. But in policing to default that because one person is one color and another person's another color is the wrong way to look at it. I mean, this whole thing that happened with George Floyd, I mean, we we're talking billions of dollars and people who were, the cities were destroyed and all that stuff.


I have yet to see a piece of evidence that Derek Chauvin did that because George Floyd is black. I I haven't seen that. Now can I speak to the tactics? I can of course speak to the tactics. Right. But Right. Was race involved or was just a guy maybe who didn't use the best tactics in the moment, who was probably also scared, who knows what was going on? I don't know exactly what he testified. I studied that case pretty close. You did? I did. What did he, what, what did Chauvin say? I never Looked at that. So, so I can tell you that. So here were the factors and, and this is a big can of worms for us to open up, but I'll speak to some specifics because you know, there now there's a push that he should be released. Right? I've Seen that recently. I've seen that. But you're a police officer, are you?


You've been a sergeant. Yes. You know, you've, so I'll tell you, I'll tell you my thoughts on it. You wanna talk to that, about that? For sure. Okay. And you're black and white. Yeah, exactly. So we can, yeah. All. So I'll tell you my, here's here's my take on it. And 'cause I have cops who say, oh yeah, that he was wrongly convicted. He was wrongly convicted. I say, okay, let's just set that aside for a second. You roll up on that scene and Chauvin is, has his knee on Floyd's neck, tell me what you're gonna do at that point. And he's not moving. What are you gonna do? And every one of 'em says, of course I'm gonna tell 'em to get off. So I said, then we need to start from that point about the sanctity of a person's life.


Let's forget about the fact that George Floyd was likely on a very high levels of fentanyl, which was proven and all that other stuff. But we're the professionals, Right? We're The professionals, Right? Like at what point do you not, does the governor inside of you not activate or trigger that? It's like, okay, I have to go here from policing to per, from to being human. You know, or I, I don't know. Oh, Why can't policing be, be human? You know what I'm saying? Right? That's, yeah. I'll Give you an example. Theo, check this out. Right? I, I tell judge me on this really quickly. Okay? This is a typical car stop I pull you over. Sergeant Curtis Vaughn police department. Reason I pulled you over is 'cause you were speeding. License, registration, and proof of insurance.


Please grade me on that. A, B, C, D. I would say B. Okay. You gimme a B on that? Yeah. Okay. A to B. A to B. Yeah. A to B. Okay. So now you go to a restaurant, I come up to your table. I'm like, hello, Mr. V, my name's Christopher. I'd like to tell you about our specialist today. We got a chicken, we have a fish, and we have amisu te amisu grade me on that as your server A to B. So I'll tell you, I I would not give the that server an A to B and most, most servers are gonna come to you and be a lot more congenial than I I was to you. Yeah. Probably a little more energetic. A little more Energetic, a little more genial.


Don't, shouldn't policing be even better? How about this? How you doing sir? Sergeant Curtis Vaughn, police department. I know this is probably not what you wanna be doing Right now, but I just wanna explain something to you. We had a little kid almost got hit the other day and we're pulling people over just to warn them to slow down a bit. If you give you a license, registration, proof of insurance, I'll try to get you out here as quickly as possible. I'm sure that you probably have something else more important to do. I just wanna let you know that I'm here to help. Mm. That was maybe what, 30 more seconds of words. Yeah. D I'm on a date now. Yeah. But it changes the whole lot. It changes the, do you see It changes the whole thing. But this mechanics has changed. So what happened with this, let's go back to what we were talking about with, with Chauvin and, and George Floyd, right?


When I watched the video, the, you definitely can see that George Floyd was having some issue with being claustrophobic and getting inside the vehicle. Okay? Now we're not saying that it's made for comfort and if you get arrested, it's not gonna be a fun experience. But can we be a little bit different? The one cop said, I'll put the window down, I'll put the window down. And you can even see Floyd saying, I'll do the countdown. Let me, let me count down before I get inside the car. Is it possible, is it possible for us? It's because especially if the person's handcuffed to reach down into a degree of humanity to another human being and say, you know what? Take a deep breath. I'll count with you. Can we get you in the car then?


Let me tell you my name. My name is Sergeant Curtis. I don't wanna hurt you. Look at me in my face. Look at me. Take a deep breath, my man. Okay, I see you breathing a little bit better now you're gonna be going to jail and you gotta get in the car, but you gotta work with me. Now granted, I'm talking in an air conditioned place. I slept in a great hotel last night and it's a lot easier than being in the field. But I've been in the field, you know, I've been in the field and I've made mistakes. But we gotta be better than kneeling on a person's neck for that period of time. So the specifics of what he was convicted for, I know that we could pull it up and look at it. One of the charges I believe he was convicted for was involuntary, second degree murder.


Right? I don't believe it was in, I don't believe he violent, I don't believe he was trying to kill George Floyd. Mm. I don't believe he was trying to kill him. But could his behavior have contributed to it? Possibly. You'd still kneeling on a person's neck for that period of time. Yeah. You know, that's interesting. And then you're like thinking of, well, what all is going around at around the environment at that moment? If people are, are you, do you get caught in a almost in, 'cause you're a hu you're still a human. Right? And if you're, do you get caught in some weird fight or freeze thing? You 100%. You're 100% right. Because if you listen to the tape, there's a guy on the side that's yelling at Chauvin. He's saying, look what you're doing. Get off that man's day. We, and then what happens is then it becomes a battle between the officer and this other person.


I'm standing my ground and you're yelling at me and I'm the officer here. And in nine minutes or six minutes or whatever minutes it was, is really a mirror is seconds because I'm locked into this as opposed to focusing on this person. That's why bystanders to me, if you wanna be a bystander, stand back record. But don't be yelling. You're not helping the situation. That ruins a lot of things. I think it does. But then also it's like you wouldn't have, you know, it's just, it's so, it's fascinating all the things that go on in that moment and how equipped or police officers, how equipped are human beings to deal with all of that at once. So now you're being recorded, you are in control. You're scared for your, your own safety. You're should be scared for the safety of your perpetrator or the person that you're putting under arrest.


You know, it just, it's, I I don't know how a human system even figures all that out. You, you sometimes you don't. And we see what happens when you don't. That's why mental health awareness is so important for police. It's, it's, it's so, so important. And not to be stuck in that, that that just police ecosystem and have other things to do. 'cause that's what happened with that ch in my opinion, that's what happened with that Chauvin thing is what that he got locked into. I'm the officer. 'cause police have this thing called ask, tell, make, ask, tell, make you ask him to do it. They don't do it. You tell 'em to do it, then you make them do it. Got it. That thing. But that model only works sometimes.


There is a model. So the father of modern day policing is a guy named Sir Robert Peele back in the 18 hundreds. He created the first modern policing in England. Hmm. So Robert Peele known as the father of modern policing for establishing the first modern police force in London. That's why they called police Bobby's because of after him. Oh, Robert. Yeah. Bobby Peele known as Bobby's or Peelers. How did Peele perform policing? Go ahead. So what he Did was really interesting. He, he created, you know, this thing where it was the, the principles of, of policing that really the policing should be modeled after. I think that you could probably pull those up, the nine principles of policing.


But one of them that I find interesting and that I've always had this, he talks about persuasion advice and warning. I remember because of PAW persuasion advice and warning. So while modern day police have asked, tell make Peele talked of this thing called persuasion advice and warning. So is there possible I could persuade this person? And obviously if it's, if it's a, a dynamic situation and I gotta take care of business, then I have astel make always in my pocket. Right? Right. I got a big tool belt, but it's per it's persuasion advice, warning, something else I can put in my belt. Can I per potentially persuade this person? 'cause time is often on the police officer side. Persuasion. Can I give 'em some advice? Listen to me, sir. Listen, if you don't, the other officers are gonna come here and they're gonna make it more difficult.


Don't you see that I'm working with you and we can work together and get this thing done? We can do this together. Warning, if the other officers come and I step back, then they're gonna be a lot different than I am. This is just another tool that the police can put in their belt so that we don't have to get into this situation. I bet you if Derek was to be able to go back and think back, I bet you he would've done things differently. Mm. In my opinion. Yeah, I'm sure you kind of, what, what did he say? Did he, what was his testimony? What were the key points from his testimony from Derek Chauvin's? Did he ever, did he take the stand? He decided not to testify in his own defense exercising his Fifth Amendment. Right. Hmm. Wonder why they made that choice?


'cause you would think, oh, I don't know. But he's got the federal case, the federal case, and he is got the state stuff and I think he's run has another case running concurrently for tax evasion as well. So he had a whole bunch of different things going. And I'm not saying that he was guilty of any of all of all of those things. No, I think you're just looking at what happened. But it is fascinating how that turned into a racial thing though as well. Yes, because and I I say that all the time. Is it? Yeah. Which, which, which case had that? Can we definitely say that was race? Which one? It's very difficult to find that case And just 'cause if you call, well, what percentage of officers, I thought this, I thought that, well, each police department should have five different races at it.


And you call and then that you get that race to come. Right Then that way nobody could ever say that again. Yeah. But you know, I mean that would be absolutely ridiculous. But it's like, is that what we should That is that, you know, I think it's that become, I I I I don't agree with that model because I think that that separates us more and more. But you go to any bar in downtown Nashville and you're gonna find people of all different races sitting around and you might engage with a person. It takes us back away from the content of one's character. I don't, you know what people call racism. I think that it's more bias because I Agree. It's more, it's much more biased than it is racism. I I give you an example. I was invite in the Vegas airport. This guy's walking in front of me. His pants are like sagging down and you could see his underwear.


What was really interesting was it was like this really interesting floral print and his socks matched his underwear and I had a beer or two, so I wasn't messing with the guy I was walking by. I said, oh man. I said, dang them underwear nice. They look, they look good with the, and he turned around and he was like, who you talking to? Like, duh, I mean going off. And then a t s a agent comes up and he's like, what's the, and he said, Hey, he's talking about my, and I was, this is me and civilian clothes. He said, he's talking about my underwear. And the, and the agent, the, the, the T s A says, well they do match your socks and the guy gets pissed off and walks away. Now you can picture this situation happening right now when you picture the situation happening. Did you think it was a black guy?


I don't know. At first when you said pants sagging, I did. There you go. But, but then when you said matching with the, and black people like to match. So I thought that as well. Floral print. Then I started to think maybe it was a, a white guy from maybe Milwaukee or something, or Toledo or something. Trying to celebrate. But, but the, but the point in, in the story, and it was a black dude, but in the point in the story is that we have biases to behavior. It wasn't because of the person's skin color. And then what happens is, if we create a squad of police that says, just because you're black, that means you're gonna respond to black people. What if that doesn't necessarily, what if you don't vibe? Oh, I don't to get to work. I'm just trying to think how do you get the racial issues out of it?


Because Yeah, at a certain point you do get to like, I, I don't know. I don't see as much racism. Like I grew up in the south, you know when you'd hear some people's dads, they were just sit there and just say the n word or and call people s or whatever. And just like, they would say a lot of racist jokes. That was it. You know, that was a lot of what you'd hear. But I don't even hear that shit anymore, dude. Like, I'm not saying it doesn't exist. I think It's because people are scared to say it. It's 'cause they're scared they're gonna, it could Be true. That's right. But I think people, I think more people now. I don't think that there's more racism than there used to be. I think sometimes there is a fear of some black cultures in areas because I think people probably want to be safe and they fear that some of those areas don't have a lot of safety.


But I don't know that that's true. And I also don't know it kind of, that, that kind of bums me out sometimes. 'cause it's like, well I would like to go support probably more like black owned businesses and see them in certain areas probably. But I think there's sometimes where I'm just probably afraid. It's like I don't wanna risk my safety today to do that In a, in, in a, in a predominantly black neighborhood, right? Yes. And that maybe, and, and that may sound racist saying that, but that doesn't sound Right. Well, I don't know why you, why would that sound racist? Yeah, why would that sound racist? Okay. Name me three major cities where you think there's a lot of crime. Three, three major cities that have Oh yeah. Memphis. Okay.


New Orleans, probably Los Angeles. Okay. So And cities have more crime. Yes, They do have more crime. Okay. How about, what about Chicago? Chicago. Chicago. Now when you think about that crime, do you think of it as black crime? Mm, I think maybe in some areas. So you probably do. 'cause you hear a lot about Chicago black crime. You hear that term a lot. I'll show you something. Can you pull up, hey jackass.com, have you heard of this? Hey jackass.com. This is a guy who tracks every single shooting that occurs in Chicago by the minute, where it occurs by race and time. So I I was the, How does he do it? I was gonna, he's like the Santa of bullets or whatever.


How did he get it all done? He said Santa of both or like, How's he doing it all in one? Hold on. Before you look, before you look, before you look. Okay, how many people do you think have been shot? Just shot, Shot in Chicago. I'm gonna get this right. I bet I would say 41 people. 41 People shot in Chicago until March, right? Or Deceased? Or just shot? Just shot. Oh, just shot. I would say 71. 71. Alright, take a look. This is cool. Oh, total shot. 87. So for, for year total. Look at year total Year to date. 8,330 total shot. So That means 330 people have been shot and we're not even, how does, how does a mayor have a job if that many people get shot now, how?


Look at it by race, 75% black, 18.8% Hispanic, 6.4% white or other. So it's, so there's more shootings between with blacks and Hispanics than whites or of the three black leads. 75%. And This is only Chicago. But do you, so why do you think this is right? Because you've seen, you've been on the streets. I mean, this was Las Vegas, which probably has more of a Latino population as well, huh? It does. Why do you think this is, is it just a financial thing? Is it a culture thing? Is it, 'cause you start to think that, so like that we are thinking about crime is it starts to become part of a culture.


S So you're saying a lot of very, very interesting things. And I'll speak to the first one first. Why do I think it is? I think it's because, oh, okay. Let me speak to the specific question. Why is it that it happens in black culture? Yeah, I mean, I think, is that the question? It's like, yeah, it start, well it starts to seem like, well that's become part of the culture and so it's just too risk. It's like, I wanna, Okay. It's, I think it's part of the subculture. Oh, that's a better term. I think it's part of the Subculture. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I mean. That's a better term. Yeah. Yeah. I sometimes, I don't know the words. It's, it's part of the Subculture. It's part of the subculture. And so I'll tell you why it happens, is because not enough people call it out. It's okay for rappers to come and be in places and celebrated when rap culture has become so openly violent, not only towards each other in gangs for gang versus gang, but towards women.


And that is not called out. That's where people who have a voice need to stand up and say, no young man. That's not appropriate. That, that doesn't work. When I spoke to you in the beginning, I said, I cannot overstate the importance of my father being in my life. But for that fact, I was able to reach the degree of just basic, you know, and I'm not gonna say success. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm content with what I have. But, but for me, having both of my parents in my life for such a significant time, a lot of these kids don't. Mm. A lot of them do not. And the fact that that's not called out and that, you know, and I don't wanna turn this into a political conversation, but I have very strong feelings about the fact that there's so many people in one, in a, in a certain group that don't say, that is not acceptable behavior.


We, we are not gonna condone that. You must act and behave differently, otherwise we can't hang here. Yeah. And until that happens, that's gonna just be a continuous cycle. Yeah. The media, I mean, you can't, you couldn't say that there's a black crime problem, you know? It's like the media is very, there Is a black crime, crime problem. There is, But you can't, yeah. The media seems like they never would say that, you know, and the media is kind of what people absorb, you know? But I think now you're able to have people who have come outta black culture and are tr I think there's, I think there are good leaders out there who are saying it. You know, I think that hopefully it's gonna change too. You know, the subculture has, because the shitty part is, it's like, yeah, I, I had a friend and she had the, she had like a hat store and she wanted me to come by.


And I was like, I, it's just, that's too, I don't want to be in that area. I don't want to be in the area. Don't blame you. But to be like, I don't wanna shot, you know, it just kind of sucks, you know, like, shit, like, that kind of sucks. You know, self Preservation is a thing, right? That's the first thing. And it's the best thing. It's like, I'm not gonna fucking risk my life to get a fucking fitted, you know? Yeah. I, but at the same time, it would be nice to, you know, it's like, and that's not everywhere, and that's, but it's like, yeah, that kind of shit sucks, dude. You wish that shit would go away because it fucking sucks. And it makes cities bad, man. Like New Orleans has a lot of that murder over there. A lot of black on black murder. And it makes you not want to be around certain, like, it makes you just not be able to relax and enjoy yourself.


You Know, we at 300 and some people have been shot, and there's a mayor who still has a job. So, Being an officer and being a sergeant, what, what effect can the mayor really have on the crime in an area? So, like, the mayor, so we didn't, we didn't have a unique situation in Las Vegas where we didn't report to the mayor. The, our sheriff was, was an elected official. So the police in Las Vegas didn't have to worry about politics with the mayor. The sheriff was almost every single time a police officer before. And in fact, the former sheriff, who was the governor now, was one of my sergeants. Mm. He understood policing. So the top ranking law enforcement person understood policing. And I think that that became in a very effective model where You don't have to report to a mayor.


That mayor is, is, is dealing with politics. And the police chief has to report to that mayor. So how do we affect this? Situations happen. It's not the police that are gonna fix, I mean, in immediate, they can put a bandaid on it and put cops on dots and corners and do stuff like that. But we have to say, fathers have to be in households. They have to raise their kids. I can tell you in the beginning, when we started speaking, I said the, if I was to, one of the other things I said that affected me is the times that I didn't spend with my children when I could have, where I was either working or being selfish and doing something on my own, whatever fathers have to be involved in those lives. Otherwise, those young men are gonna continue to do the same exact thing. In New Orleans, in Memphis, in Chicago, every one of those says we should be screaming at the top of our lungs when we see that 300 something people were shot in one city.


Yeah, man. And that's okay. How is that? Okay. It is not, but then you'll see people protesting about this or protesting about that and claim to really care about humanity. But before we're done with this podcast, there is going to be at least two or three and maybe 10 people that are gonna shot across all these different cities. Yeah. But you know what? We, we don't, we, you know, there's a saying that says all men are hypocrites. Most deny it. I myself admit it. And I do. I admit, I'm a hypocrite. My life is good, Theo. If I really, really cared, if I really, really cared, and this is really an honest submission, then maybe I would, as a retiree, with all the time I have, maybe find one of these Chicago kids and spend time with them and do something.


And maybe at some point in my life I will. But I think that we have to call out our own hypocrisy in life and say that we as Americans, love our lives the way they are. These people protesting all these places, they getting a, a latte at Starbucks right afterwards, getting on TikTok and sending out videos and claiming that they're revolutionaries. They're not revolutionaries. There are no real revolutionaries Right now. And thanks for sharing, dude. I know that, you know, I appreciate you sharing these. Forgive Me for I preaching, man. No, I don't know if we sound preachy. You know, I, I think it's okay. You know, like, like I, two of my black friends got killed in drive-by shootings in New Orleans, like in the past eight years. And they didn't catch the guys that did it.


Actually, one of the guys that did one of 'em, they did catch the guy that did it, but just like, it was like, just bullshit in the city, just fucking shooting, you know? And then it starts to get sad. It starts to get like, I don't know, like people ask me now, what should I do when I'm in New Orleans? And I, you know, I say, you know, these are places to go, but don't go in these areas. You know, it kind of fucking sucks. It's like, but what I was thinking was, we had to get him Richard Reeves on, and he said, well, one of the problems these days is there's not a lot of young male role models, right? Yes. There's not a lot of young male role models. And he said, a lot of men used to be teachers. I don't have a lot of male teachers anymore. He said there a lot of men were boy scouting Cub Scout leaders.


Troop leaders. There was more, I guess more young men used to be involved in the church, right? So you had, and obviously some of this shit got haywire and some of those people got molested or whatever. But outside of that, there's just not a lot of, a lot of male role models. And so it's like, how do we start to become male role models in our community? Right. Did you, Did you, did you mean just male role models? Or did you mean black male role models? I just meant male, I think male role models. His, his work is just looking at, it's the, the founding president of the American Institute for Boys and Men. He's the author of several boys, including of Boys and Men, why the Modern Male is struggling, why it matters, and what to do about it. H his was just saying that, yeah, it used to be like, so to become, if you have spare time to become a baseball coach, to do the Big Brother program, if you can commit the time to it, like, 'cause it takes like a, a lot of real time to do those things.


And it really kind of just put me on notice. Like, yeah, how do I create something that's, or just give back to like, you know, since I don't have any children yet. How do you be a part of that? You know? 'cause I think some of our men too, this is something that I believe is happening, is our men are still being really young. It's like we don't have to grow up. It's true. It's Very true. It's true. And I look, I'm fucking, I'm still trying to not be grown up, but I gotta fucking grow up dude, because of they're coming after me or whatever, you know? But who's coming after? Nobody is. But my mom's like, what are we doing? You know? Like, are we getting, are you gonna get a family or what's gonna go on? Do You want A family? I think so, dude, because I think I would miss out on it. You know, I'd like to have a son be a good dad, make my wife happy or whatever, until she gets fucking all pissed Off.


What's stop? What's stopping you? Huh? What's stopping you? Dude, I haven't even met my wife yet, first of all. And I'm gonna be fucking, I got some shit to tell her when I do meet her, I'll tell you that. Do you pray for Her? Huh? Do you? Yeah, I do pray about it. Do you pray for her specifically? No, I haven't prayed for her specifically, but I do pray. That's a good point. I guess I'm, She's alive, so if she's alive, maybe a good prayer would be, you know what? Because just think she's doing something right this second. Just think if you started to fervently pray for that specific person, you'd be building her before she even gets to you, bro. Wow. Yeah. It's like creating when you get to make your own person on, on NBA 2K or whatever. You Know what I'm talking about, the spiritual side though. Yeah, yeah, Totally. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like, I got you. Yeah, I got You.


But yeah, I made a list of like, you know, things I would like, but then it's like, I don't wanna get too locked in. But I, that's a good call, man. Yeah. And is pray that God, you know, I, I have been praying that God gives me the, just the ability to lean more into becoming who I need to be to be in that situation. You know? May I ask you a semi-personal question? Yeah. Is the reason why Mike, maybe holding you back a little bit, the fact that you still like dating multiple women or like being, you don't wanna lockdown, you kind of really want to experience more? Well, I think, you know, I've thought about that. I like, no, I don't know. It's been hard with work. It's like work is my biggest relationship.


I mean, when I have a free moment, I'm working. I just, I, I like it, you know, where I'm planning or I'm thinking, what could I do? And not even just work, but like, how could I start to do like work that is more giving back to the community? Like, you know, but you start to think of like, okay, well what, like what can I create now that could really be part of something cool or help people? And I think we all think like that. But, but yeah. So just any facet of like, what can I create while I'm still have some creativity in me, you know? And then as far as dating, like I try to put myself out there. You know, I'm not on the apps, but I'll meet girls, go on dates, you know, I'm pretty brave to be like, oh, let's meet up for a coffee, or let's grab a dinner, or something like that.


I feel like I'm kind of tired of running around, to be honest. I think it's kind leaves outta your system a little bit. It does. Yeah. So that's kind of where I feel like I'm at. Cool. And then it's like you get into an age range where you're like, okay, well, you know, it's kind of tough sometimes. Some people have children, so, but then you just, but once you realize, hey, you're like, okay, well I never thought about it if I would date somebody with children, you know? So then you start to think about that and learn different little things and stuff With sleeping in the same bed with a person. Does that bother you to Yeah, That bothers me. A lot of times I don't like it that much, but, so Maybe that's something that you could find in common with a person and maybe your intimacy comes together to certain space and you still have enough space to be apart from each other.


And if they're have, if on the on at the jump, if they're cool with that, maybe that's something that you can start off from that point. 'cause some people don't like to sleep together. You heard her of sleep, divorce, Uhuh. You never heard of sleep, Divorce? No. But I would love if my wife had her own room. Yeah. Sleep divorce is where people don't sleep in the same bed, but they maintain an intimate relationship. I love it. And then their relationships actually flourish from that. And I don't like to call it sleep divorce. I like to call it like solitary intimacy. Like where you're cool being by yourself and you're cool being by yourself. And we come together whenever, just some stuff to throw Out there. No, I think it's neat. I think there's stuff like that. Relationships are kind of evolving and stuff too. I think people are figuring out kind of what works for them. I think sometimes I've been afraid to maybe even say what I feel like. Yeah. If I would be like, Hey, I'd love it if my, if I could have a separate bedroom, then my wife, you know, and if we wanted, you know, like then we could have our own rooms.


I think that that's the most awesome thing possible. Right. And that would be fine. Yeah. So, but I think for, for years you get caught in this idea like, oh, that's gonna be crazy to say to somebody, you know? But then I think as time goes on you're like, oh, nothing's really that crazy. You just have to say it and see if somebody else is okay with it. You know, you've talked a lot about like policing and like how to police. That seems like to be something that you care about. Yes. Has policing changed a lot over the years? Do you feel like Yes. Because of, you know, technology and the advent of, of cameras and everyone, you know, when I came on the police department, people defaulted to the police being Right now, people default a lot of times to the police having questions about the police behavior.


And it's, it's fair because a lot of things have occurred that would make people question that. So it's changed in the sense that people always have the cameras out. Obviously police now all have body cams. So things are documented in memorialized in a digital format that we didn't necessarily have before. And I think it's essential when a person can take away a person's freedom or take away a person's life that it's documented. I got a ticket that I, I, you know, I got a ticket, first ticket in my life. I got it in LA in July. Oh really? It was the trippiest story. And it made me realize what people have to go through and, and, and so check this out. So in Florida, I I, I have a house in Florida and I was riding my e-bike on the beach, just pedaling there was a, a plastic cup.


I pick up the plastic cup and I, I ride my e-bike over to throw it away. And I turn around and I use my throttle to go back. All of a sudden, this buggy with lights and siren comes screeching up on me on the beach. Mm. And this cop jumps out. First thing he says to me is, I need to, I need you to get off the bike and I need to see your license. Those are his words. As soon as he stops me. And I don't know if he was intimidated by me or what. And I was like, whoa, you're not gonna get any problems outta me. I said, listen, I said, I'm a retired cop, I'm cool. I'm not gonna do anything to you. This. Oh, there you guys are right there. That, that, that, that, that's, that's the cop. Is that Sean Kingston? He does look like Sean. An older version of Sean Kingston.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he was sweating. I mean, he, I mean, he was just looked like, I, I just can't even explain how stressed out he was over me riding my electric bike on the beach. And he wrote me a ticket. And so I was like, you know what? I'm gonna ride this whole thing out because I wanna see what it feels like from the side of, 'cause I gave out a lot of tickets. I wanna see what it, I went to court and everything. I had to go before a judge. There were people in there for like, felonies and everything else. And I went through the whole process and, and, and, and paid my take. And it, it was disappointing to me that at this day and age that there are still police that don't, that the first thing they say to you outta their mouth is, get off the bike.


I need to see your license. It goes back to what I was saying to you before about when I just, you know, told you how I interact. I prefer a person to interact. Yeah. Why not do that? Well, I think, but now in some instances things are manic and the situation has escalated already. Right. Like, sometimes it's already things are insane. Like if a guy's shooting or something. Sure. I mean, different. You're gonna be Yeah, of course. I mean, but you're saying just walking up person to person. I'm, what is the daily interaction like? Yeah. Yeah. You, you, why every single interaction from the police should be something that should be not friendly. And almost as I, I I'm the servant of 'cause we are, we're supposed to be serving. Right. Even if a person makes a mistake, come on bro. Oh, I look, I I love that idea. I love the idea that that's what keeps it.


What keeps that from happening then? Because then you would almost want to be able to check each day, okay, how is this officer doing today? Are they going to be able to manage to be out there in this field? Or do, are they getting paid enough to be able to take care of themselves to get massages or ice things that people need though that to de-stress 'em, dude, I go get a massage. I'll, it'll change the way I agree. I talk to my mother on the phone. It's like, I love that concept, You know, but it's like, well yeah, it seems like we would be able to take care of these people more. Who are the really the sieves of our society that are like drain. You know, they're the capture, they're the catch of the drain.


You know, that Catch everything. I like that analogy. You know, the, the, to me, I think it would actually make policing less stressful if the police interaction from the police side is that entree into being so kind and polite from the very beginning of the stop. 'cause you're not gonna get into that many arguments with people. 'cause most people are like, dang on it. I've written tickets to people. They're like, thank you. You know, because, and I'm not saying that I was great at doing, there were a lot of cops who know how to talk and, and, and act that way. And it's usually when you get older, it's just that there's, so if you look, if you know, if everything looks like a nail, well if, if you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail or whatever, if the hammer's your only tool, then everything looks like a nail. And that's the only way that you deal with things. Yeah. Is hammering it in as opposed to trying other methods. Mm. Make that tool belt bigger.


Yeah. I mean I've learned that in my own life, man. I've really showed up with a hammer a lot of times on trying to have less of it. And it's been getting better. Oddly, I just find little moments where I'm like, I've tried that so many times. Waiting or wait, waiting for somebody to act a certain way towards me instead of just acting that way. Yes, yes. Fuck. That's a fucking, I've spent a lot of my life waiting. Oh, I'm, I'm just, I'm just gonna wait for you to act this way towards me. 'cause I deserve that. If that's a way it's supposed to be or something. And not in like a way of like praise or anything like that, but just even something simple like a relationship, work relationship or even about with family. Oh, I'm gonna wait.


You know, instead of like, I'm gonna wait for you to hold my hand instead of me just holding your hand type shit. You know That. And that's deep man. You know, the way that you adjust, evolve and treat people. And I learned this very interesting story when I first heard on the police depart and there's race in incident here. I was coming on graveyard. This is downtown. There's a foot pursuit, swing shift gets the guy in custody. The sergeant, I was an officer at the time. The sergeant calls me over and asked me to transport the guy. I get there and the guy's leaking and he a black dude, he's pissed. And two officers that took him into custody white. One of the officers was the guy who was a senior field training officer. And he was about to go to swat. And I'm this rookie, rookie. I come over and the black dude, he's, his eye is leaking and they call medical and medical comes.


And while I'm sitting there, the sergeant says, Hey, you take him because, you know, he figured he, the guy would feel more comfortable with me. 'cause the guy was saying all they, they just roughed me up. So I get the guy, I, so this is the important part. The FTO has his handcuffs on the suspect. What you're supposed to do is conduct a pat down, go through the whole process, put your handcuffs on the person, and then transport in the car. I didn't wanna offend the FTO by making it seem like I didn't trust his pat down. So I put my cuffs on the guy. I take the guy and the, and I'm getting ready to put in my car. And the ambulance lady says he can't go straight to jail. You gotta take him over to UMC, the, which is the hospital because they gotta sew that up.


Mm. Take him over to UMC. We go there. The doctor says I gotta unhandcuff his hand, cuff him to the gurney. And I'm talking to this dude and I'm just like vibing with him. And like, I just, I felt kind of bad for him. I like his, he just was like, you know, you look at a person that just dejected, like their life sucked. And he was being booked for running, you know, they were trying to stop him and he was running, right? Yeah. And he's, he's leaking. He's like, he, this dude was just like, his life was sucked. So we get down to the hospital, they sew him up. I uff him, bring him to the, to the jail. CCDC, the detention Center, county Detention center. I get him inside before we, before we get there, the guy said he was John Doe at that point. So the person doesn't tell us their name. We book him as John Doe.


Oh yeah. The dude says to me, he goes, you know what man? You've been cool to me. I'm gonna tell you my name. He tells me his name. I put it into the computer. My computer starts going crazy. All this information pops up and his warrant pops up. Dispatcher says, ask me if I'm clear for the information. And says he's wanted by the FBI murder by burning. I get him down to, to the jail. Yes, chef. That's crazy. The, the CO is one of my boys. And he goes screaming. He's like, Chris, what the, after he's a yelling, he comes back this big huge knife the guy had on him the whole time. Big, big knife.


You didn't check him. I didn't check him because I didn't wanna offend the FTO. And the dude says to me as he walks by when they brought him out, 'cause he got booked an additional charge, he says, he said, you know, if you weren't kind to me the way that you were, I could have done you in the hospital and I would've done you, me being kind and polite to that guy saved my life from that stupid rookie mistake that I made. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. I mean I, I don't know what it's like, I don't know what it's like. How do you make sure that an officer, when they leave out for the day, each day is in the best state that they can be in to be these liaisons between right and wrong in the world? You know?


And, and that's what it's like. How best can we take care of these people, these, you know, I feel like if we can afford to give money to other places, we should give it poured into these people. It should be expensive. It should be a well-paid job. And I'm not saying that it isn't, but it should be. You know, I feel like these are the fucking, a lot of other shit's easy. Dude, You shouldn't incent also incentivize officers with more than 10 years to go back to patrol. Although what one of the challenges that happens is you get cops, they wanna go through the ranks, they get work, go work in specialized units and then never go back to patrol. And then patrol Is really Oh, so they get disconnected. They Get disconnected from patrol and then You don have young guys teaching young guys. And it's usually the older wisdom that is what helps policing.


'cause I remember I always in the knucklehead when I was young, I know I made a lot of mistakes. Oh yeah. Oh God. Yeah dude. So how do you get it to become a hostage negotiator? 'cause that's what you're, so you became So, so, right. So that's a special specialized unit, specialized training. You can keep your primary responsibility. 'cause what happens is you end up being on call and that sucked. 'cause you would be in the middle of something and you'd get a call out And you have to go and you have to go because there's not many of you. No. And you, you know, you need a team to assemble. On rare occasions you can call out. So they'll put out an opening, an interview department is different, but they'll put out an o you know, there's an opening and, and then you interview for it and then you, how well you do in the interview, you get selected.


And I was the young at the time, I was the youngest ever to be selected on the team. And that was a phenomenal experience. And so once you're on the team, you know, you get your, you know, your phones at, then you had pagers too. And you get your gear, your jacket and everything and you just start responding to calls. You know, obvious. Obviously after training you start responding to call outs. And it's, if anything on the department weighs on you, it's talking to a person for a significant amount of time or listening to a person talk to for a significant amount of time being part of the team. And then the person does themself. Because hostage negotiation isn't really a good term for it. It's more of a crisis negotiator. Okay. 'cause most of the time that we do it, it would be from a person in crisis, a person at once to 4 0 5.


Okay. As we said earlier, That means who's considered unli themselves. Unli themselves. Yeah. Yeah. Take me through a scenario like that. Okay. So an an actual situation. Yeah. Or, okay, so this is, this one is, was deep and, and I wasn't the primary on this one. And this is a story that resonates. And they even tell us in the class now, a guy who just, life was horrific. He had a terminal illness. He had a, and and I wasn't really, when I was younger, I didn't realize how many people have back issues and their back pain is just suffering and they don't wanna live anymore. And so I think what he had was cancer. He had a back issue that was just causing him severe, severe pain. And his wife left him because it was a whole bunch of issues.


And he had financial issues for all these things that he was going through. So what happens is you assemble a team, there's a primary, there's a secondary. The primary is a person that talks to the person and they're on the phone. Their sole focus focus is to talk to the person. Talk To the person that's in crisis. That's In crisis. Okay. The secondary is the person that is monitoring the primary and getting information from the rest of the team. And the team can vary. But two positions that are really important is the intel liaison, which is the person that tells the background of the person. The person's this age, they, they were married, this amount of time, all the intel that you can possibly get on the person. Right? Okay. Then you have the tactical liaison person because you have a SWAT team that's assembled as well because you may have to potentially breach or go inside of the residence.


So tactically you have to know, have this place been evacuated? Have you, is it does, are there weapons inside? Has this person done this before? So the TN Theo, the intel person feed this information to the secondary, the secondary can write notes and feed it. Then you have a scribe who scribes all this information. Okay. So the case that I was talking to you about was this same, was this, this person who had gone through this thing, he was going through this thing and it was a newer negotiator that was on as the primary. And after all this time of talking to this guy and, and against knowing him, it, the guy says, I know exactly what you're doing and you really suck at it. And then shot himself in the head.


He said, you really suck at it. That was the last thing that he said. It would kind of suck though, if that you're considering unli in yourself. You get on with a negotiator and he's just horrible at it. You're like, oh god. Like yeah, dude, that's crazy. That's a mic drop, bro. Yeah, it is. And that's, and that person had to live with that. You know, that they're, that's their, their record on the department is that they, that Were they really good at it though? And the person just didn't know it. And the, because anybody could say that that could be an asshole move. You know? It can be. And part of it was that because I mean, how is it and what is good, right? How is it and what is good? Yeah. Because I mean, I actually brought a scenario that I was gonna work through with you if you wanted to try to be a negotiator and, and yeah.


So, so basically this is pretty cool man. Okay. 'cause this is, this is a, this is a, I put this together, which is a composite of a few different negotiator things. And I'm gonna be, I'm gonna tell you, you're gonna be the primary. Okay? And so here's the situation. You, I can read it or you can read it on what the situation is. And actually I'll read it to you like as if you just showed up at the scene that you just rolled up. All Right? Okay. Great. Alright. Theo, you're gonna be the primary in this one. Okay? You got it. The subject's name is Michael Brady. He goes by Mike. The background intel we have is he's a middle school biology teacher for the last 14 years. Mm. He's a youth pastor at a local Christian Church for the last seven years.


He's 47 years old and he's a white male. He's been married for 18 years. His wife's name is Carol Brady. She's 46 years old. They have one son. His name is Bobby Brady. He's nine years old. Today, Michael was put on administrative leave for school when sexual assault detectives came to the school in an anonymous tip. He allegedly impregnated a 14-year-old student. Her name is Pamela Phillips. Mike Brady is currently barricaded inside the residence. We got the call because Mike came home, told his wife to get outta the house as she entered and up as he entered an upstairs bedroom and shut the door.


He appeared to be holding a firearm. He is currently barricaded inside the residence. Your personal observation, Theo, is that as you pulled up to the scene, you see a young boy in a baseball uniform talking to detectives and he's crying hysterically. Presumably. This is the son Bobby. Okay. Tactical intel. There are two known firearms. There's a shotgun inside 45 caliber automatic pistol. SWAT has arrived and they set up the inner perimeter. Neighboring houses have been evacuated. You can ask me three questions and then I'm gonna begin as though I'm Mike and you're gonna talk to me. Okay. I asked you three questions so you Can ask me three questions to get some information to get started About the case. Yep.


Okay. Is it based on the Brady Bunch at all? A Little bit. I use that 'cause I knew I'd remember those names. Oh, very Fair. Okay. Damn, that's one of my questions. Lemme think You, that one you can throw us out, you can ask me three questions that pertain to, 'cause you're gonna go online and when you go online, it's gonna be pretty intense. Okay? So I'm gonna go online. I mean, you, I mean, I'm gonna, You're gonna be talking to me and I'm Mike Brady. Okay. You're the primary. Has Mike ever committed any priors Prior crimes or with, with young women prior, Like assault charges? Nope. He has his, his record is completely clean. Okay. How tall is he? Interesting question. He's six foot even. Mm.


Okay. And is he on any medication? Very good question. He is. He takes a sleeping pill to sleep. He has a sleeping issue. Ooh. Okay, sir. Hello? Hey, Mike. Yeah. Who's this? This is Theo actually. I'm the, I'm working, I'm here today, man. Just, I really screwed up, didn't I? Man. I think it seems like you've had a tough day. I have had a tough day, but I mean, I, I screwed up this time, didn't I? I think you're probably gonna have to answer some questions, you know, but I think everything's gonna be okay man.


How's it gonna be? Okay? This girl, like this girl's pregnant man. I mean, how am I gonna face anyone after this? Well, I think you're gonna have to, her dad's gonna be pissed. Yeah. I mean, yeah, people are gonna be upset. I'm Not thinking about her dad. I'm thinking about my family. Okay. People are gonna, yeah, it's gonna be, yeah man, it sucks. Okay? It does suck. It sucks. But here we are. Yeah. I mean, how am I gonna face my son? Your son's pretty upset Right now. Yeah, He is. Of course he is. I knocked up a 14-year-old girl. I'm a youth pastor in a church. I teach at a school. My life is over. Gimme a good reason why I shouldn't just put this thing to my head and blow my brains out Because your son's life is still around and that's not what he needs Right now.


You know, Probably right about that. But, you know, I, I mean, how can I face him man? I think you call him first. Call him and say what, what would you say in that situation? I don't know. Fuck. I don't know. I would say, I would tell him the truth. I would say I messed up. And you think that's the answer to tell him I messed up. I know I messed up. I think it's part of it. I know, you know, you did, but he probably doesn't know what's going on. He doesn't. Is he out there Right now? Yeah. You want me to put him on? Would you? Yeah. Okay.


How do you feel? How do you think you did? Was that intense or Huh? It is intense. It is intense. Fuck. It's intense. Because you're like, is now if even if you get to that part, is he just gonna tell the sun goodbye? Exactly. See you Theo. You are super wise brother. That's exactly why we wouldn't put the sun on the phone because that's exactly what he would likely do. He would try. He would likely. And so this is why we train, this is why we train. So a couple of other things, right? When we said, son, that was a good opportunity for you to do what? Identify his son by name Bobby. Ah. Because isn't Bobby different than saying son? Yeah, it's different, right? Yeah, my wife, that was opportunity and I knew that and you, I mean No, no, no.


Look, use instructional, use it. Instructional. It's very interesting. But That's when you say Carol, right? Right. You got Carol. Yeah, but what I like is that you humanize the situation, right? Like you, you, that's the thing again, it is where you get the feel where like he's talking to a person that he could potentially relate to and, and you, you create that kind of, that air about the, the situation where you would get all the cops to be just completely freaked out or completely militaristic, you know? And, and I like that you kind of humanized the whole situation. And this is obviously super condensed, but I, No, well the fascinating thing to me is yeah, when you realize the gravitas of this, like you think it's easy and then even this, this is a placebo, even in that, you're like, I don't have the answer Right now, and if I don't get this right, what happens?


And then I'm starting to learn as I think about it too, I'm like, well, it's not about you anymore, it's about your son. And then that kind of makes me sad. Then it's like, now suddenly I feel more feelings because I'm like, well shit, now I'm doing this really for the sun. And I didn't even realize that until that moment. You know? Even though like you could be trained for that. It's like until that's said and it's a real moment and you can picture the sun and you, god dude, it's like, it's just scary. And then at some point you might agree that the guy, it might be best if he lets God just, I don't know. Is that crazy to say that? I don't know. I I don't think it is crazy. I think it's normal. There Are, so there are a lot of people who, and if not from, obviously from not from an official police, but there are people even in their own mind, would say, I wouldn't wanna live if that was the case.


Right? Right. So I, so I'll tell you a situation that I dealt with and I sent a some audio for it. It was a guy named Michael Valier. This was a big case in Vegas. So here's what happened. So the call comes out, I'm a sergeant at the time, right? Swing shift. So it's still light outside. The call comes out that a lady is talking on the phone to her friend and she, the friend hears the struggle and then all of a sudden the line goes dead. She calls 9 1 1. And obviously we get dispatch to and sergeants, when we hear certain calls, we're like, that's something I should roll to. We don't have to, but those, that's a call I should roll to. I happen to be close enough to where the two office, so it's one of those apartment communities where it's one floor, two floors, and then there's top floor and then there's an apartment all the way down here.


So the officers I see, I pull in the parking lot and I see my officers walking to the door. Then all of a sudden I see the door open and the officers pull out their gun and fall back. Like to try to get away from whatever was going on at the door. And I hear them on the radio four 13, subject has a four 13. So he, the subject came to the door with his arm around the female and the, and the, and the firearm to the female. I have my car in the parking lot. And then obviously code red, that means only emergency traffic. All the officers come, we get to the, we get into the front of my car and I have a a, a dry erase. And I'm on the hood of my car pointing out where I want my officers to go and how we're gonna deal with the situation. One of my officers at the time, really sharp guy, he says, Hey Sarge, I got my rifle in case he comes out, let me go over to this pizzeria right here and I can engage him if he comes out with the gun.


It one great lesson. If one of your subordinates has a great idea, be very quick to listen and learn from them because it was a great idea. 'cause the second that he gets over there, Valier comes out and starts shooting at us. Wow. We all go down, my guy engages Valier at the door and he hit, like, hits the doorframe and all this wood and everything hit Val and Valier goes back inside the house. I'm like, I gotta call in. I, there was no time, no, no negotiators had not been around nothing. So I said, if I call him, he's not gonna be be shooting, he's not gonna hurt anyone. So I get in and I start having a conversation with Valier and we develop a rapport. Interestingly, I was able to record a segment of this conversation.


I'll play this, we'll play the conversation and then I will tell you the nuances of the conversation that occurred, the aftermath of it, and how deep negotiations can be. Mm. Okay, cool. Yeah. Tee that up there. Trev, I, I like to keep my Word and I know you do and I remember that you said that once you get back on the phone with me, that you and I can work this out. Can we, if, if if comes Up, work this out, we can come to some type of agreement. Alright? And I'm a man of My word. I think the agreement that'll come to will be released of the hostage and perfectly she will be unharmed. But I, I like what you're talking, I I like what you're talking about.


And that peaceful agreement is the route that we gotta go down. I Here, oh, SWAT team is here. Christopher, I want you to tell the SWAT team to move on away from the front of the door. Can I just, you tell them, move them now what? You tell them to move them Now. Can I, Mike Michael, can I tell you what's happening? Would you tell them to move Away from the Door? Okay. Michael, can I tell you something? What is going on that? Alright, listen, I, I see them gimme a second and I See the letter and I see them. Yes, Michael, that's absolutely fine. Listen to me. Lemme just tell you what's going on. Remember before I, what remember before I explained to you what was going on? Remember I tell you what Michael, Michael remember before I explained to what was going on, I Tell you what we're gonna call 9 1 1.


Hmm. Okay. So let me, lemme give you some background on this, okay? Okay. I I still get like really amped when just listening to that again. 'cause it takes me right back there. So Michael and I had been speaking for a while and situation seemed like it was pretty much calm. Negotiators were arriving. SWAT team had arrived and they were setting up in their position At that point, Michael freaked out when he saw the SWAT team because you see the SWAT team in their greens and their rifles. And you know that at some point, if you have a hostage that something's likely gonna happen and it's not gonna be good for you. Ultimately, the decision was made to go to condition two. Condition two is when my job is to talk Michael in front of a window so they can shoot and kill him.


Hmm. So there is this interesting element to talking to a person that you are talking into their own demise. Wow. Talking to a dead person, essentially. That ended up not happening. What happened was through electronic means, we were able to find out that Michael was doing things to the female. The decision was made to do an, a explosive breach into the apartment and then take Michael out. 'cause Michael had been raping her and I'm, I'm condensing this because this is a very long drawn out process. Got it. And he kidnapped a woman.


Yeah, he did. He she had her door open. She was out talking to her friend and he grabbed her and pulled her inside. Got it. Pulled her inside. Yeah. Lady just out there talking. Unreal. So my, so ultimately after SWAT goes in and kills him, she's laying right there. If you talk about PTSD or what a person has to go through, it's absolutely horrific. But lemme talk about the nuance of language. If you watched what Michael was saying, mind you, the team is listening and watching every single word that a person says. There's one very, very interesting part of his conversation where he says the hostage. Now again, we would always wanna change that to back to saying the person's name, but I didn't get a chance to do that.


And I did it to other points in it. But what he says is she were relieved and perfectly and he stops at perfectly and she will be relieved, released unharmed. So why did he stop it perfectly? He stopped it perfectly because he knew that he was doing things that she was not perfect. Our minds and our language are so intimately connected. And when you get to understand, see where he says release of the hostage, he says Play that again. That part. Just back it up a second or two Release of the hostage imperfectly, she'll be unarmed. But You see he stopped and he flipped it because he knew that she wasn't perfect.


He knew he was doing horrific things to her. And we listened to these types of things because we have to make a decision. How long do we wait before we go inside? Like is he just sitting there or is he actually doing that horrific thing that Could she Yeah, because she'd be lose her life, right? Yeah. You have to make choices. And in becoming a negotiator, you even in your own life, you're very, very careful with your own word choice. And often you, I'll find myself, when I speak to people, there are certain words that I don't use. I just have excised them from my vocabulary. And, and it, it's about, and and positivity is also like when I said sleep, divorce, like I've caught myself because I don't like to attribute divorce to something that could potentially be positive. I, I almost, I don't almost, I commit myself to utilizing the positive form of speech whenever I possibly can.


And it's incredibly important. It changes a lot of things really for some of your inter Like gimme an example of that. So I don't, I don't use the word problem. Like, like I say challenge. 'cause then you look at things as a problem. Like, like who wants to see a problem? I'd like to see a challenge. 'cause if you overcome it, then it's just a challenge. You can almost always, if there's a negative connotation to something, even when you go out with your mom to dinner, if you think about and listen to the words that you speak, you can almost always a positive way that you could flip it back in the day. I, wow. It really is, it, it's fun too when you think about taking that much Yeah, it does seem fun. 'cause then it kind of adds a little bit of a challenge to your own how you're communicating. And the crazy thing is, you know, who hears us the most?


Us. Yes. Yes. And it means you care about what comes outta your mouth. You know, I, back in the day I wrote a dating book called Mac Tactics. Really? I did. It was called Mac Tactics. The art, the Science of Seduction meets the Art of hostage negotiation. In 2005, I wrote this book and it was about utilizing the l Yeah. There, it's, it's about utilizing language in the day. Ooh. Yeah. Is it helpful? Yeah. How would a hostage negotiator, what are you telling me if I'm talking to a lady? So it's interesting because it was more about, so Mac, I changed Mac from, from what most people think Mac is, and I changed it to method action, confidence and knowledge. I co-wrote with my boy Rob Wiser. Rob is like really Theri. I mean Rob is the NYU dude.


Super smart. He's my boy. Like I was the the content guy. Okay? And so method, action, confidence, knowledge, and all of those were what we call the pillars of power. And conversation was incredibly important as far as method was concerned. And minimal encouragers, like so you know what a minimal encourager is. And so minimal encourager and paraphrasing are two things that negotiators learn to master. So a minimal encourager, like when I'm looking at you, like you, how you're like minimally like shaking your head like that, you're naturally encouraging me to continue on with my speech. Okay. We have verbal mini minimal encouragers as well. Like when a person's speaking, you're like, okay, yeah. Yeah. So when you learn to naturally incorporate those things into your speech, it really encourages a person to open up.


Ah, and if you're a good listener, you can hear everything that a person wants to say to you. And paraphrasing is when you listen to what a person says and then you say it back to them in a slightly different format. Adding positives if necessary, which really shows them that you're listening. And in dating, that's an incredibly effective method of building a bond between two people. Really? 100%. Let's Try it. Okay. So if you, so how do we do it? So Here's how we do it. Like tell me about your, what your day was like yesterday. A small segment of your day. Yeah. Yesterday I went to, yeah, I went to watch some music and I, I was pretty tired.


Probably stayed up a little later than I should have, but had a pretty good time, you know. So, so when you were going out yesterday, did, is it tired because you were having fun or was it because you just didn't have enough rest? Oh, I see what you're saying. So you're saying the same thing? I I I'm saying back to you, the shows that I'm listening and that I care about what the outcome was usually minimal encourages, I mean, Right. Because then I feel a little bit more, okay, this is nice, this is fun. This is worth our time. Yeah. And it, and, and it gives you time to just kind of build a person's trust and sharing with you conversation and listening are two very, very important things. Not to be overbearing in your conversation and listening to the other person and showing that you're listening.


Negotiators are very good listeners. The so me and me doing that, that exercise with you, I had an idea that you were gonna be kind of good at it. Most people don't even get, first of all, they don't have the confidence to even try it. I was very pleased that you were willing to try it. But I had this thing about it because you are like very, very relatable. Like, I, I have a thing that I think that you would be a good negotiator. I think that you have at your core, the ability to be a really good negotiator. I thought about this movie where the, they call you Mr. Relatable, the primary where like you, it was not even really you. It's like a person who was like a younger you that was like a, like a person who was a standup comedy and the guy goes to the show and decides he wants to 4 0 5 because he's just done with life.


But you, he just related with you and that you negotiate him out of doing it and the police see you doing it. And then you, your arc is that you realize that in negotiating with people that how much it relates to things that you've been through in your own life. Mm. Do they have that almost sounds like a movie that I bet somebody would not Exactly. But I bet Yeah. A negotiator and they're ha and it's, they're really channeling things that are going on in their own lives or what they, It, it happens to us. It happens. Does it? 100% happens to us, but most of us don't have the natural relatability that you have. Like, I mean, no, I don't have any need to blow smoke. Right. Like, I, I really like you. I think you're dope. I'm just saying thanks man. Yeah. Look, I Appreciate it.


Your, your relatability is level is off the meter with all races of people, with all genders of people. I, I don't know if you relate it to yourself as well as you relate to other people, which might be an interesting element. Oh, that's interesting. That might be even part of the element of Mr. Relatable the primary. But there's something there. And I think that, you know, you could definitely be a negotiator. The primary. The primary. That's a cool name for something. The Primary. There you go, man. Imagine that. You know, you talk the guy out, someone gets it on video that you did it and the police are reaching out to you to handle these high level negotiations and he's trying to make your career work. You could do it, man. Thanks man. That's some nice thoughts and just so, so, so that's a nice thing you can do if you're talking with a woman.


Pay attention and share stuff that they said back to them. Yes. To create comfortability. Yeah. 'cause a lot of times as guys, we don't necessarily list like the, it's sometimes the no In the winning, especially, you're just doing your best. It's like you're trying to survive. It's almost like you're treading water. It's like, I know I'm swimming, but I'm really just, you know, trying to stay alive at this moment. And open-ended questions. You know, this is an excellent open-ended question. And how did that make you feel? Hmm, That's an excellent question. And be sincere about it. Like this, the stuff that I'm selling is not, I'm not trying to sell it. This is the stuff that I'm sharing that really matters. Asking the, like how did that make you feel like if the girl that you go on a date with and she's like, oh my goodness, it's gonna be forever to get here. The Uber driver kept looking at me. It looked like my boob was popping up. I get it.


How, but how did that make you feel? Yeah. How do you feel about it? Yeah. How do you feel? She's like, I'm okay with it. Actually, just kind of a exact, because sometimes you need somebody to put you, you get all soiled. Do you need somebody to put you back in the pot? You know? Yeah. Like sometimes I'll be frantic and, but everything's fine. You'll be like, yeah, everything's fine. It's like fucking, you know, I'll get caught down, you know, I'll get caught going upstream when I really don't need to. You know? What else was I thinking about? Oh, there's that famous case in Las Vegas of the shooter. Right? In the, yeah. You know, there's a lot of conspiracy theories about that. Was that a real thing? Oh yeah, It was real. I know some, some of the cops that entered and one of my cop buddies got pulled a guy off the street and drove him to the hospital and dropped him off.


I mean, one of my closest cop buddies did that. And I, I actually got a recording of him telling me about that. 'cause I used it in a training class that I had. But that situation, that 100% happened. Wow. Yeah. That, that one, that was real. Yeah. That's unbelievable, huh? Yeah, that was, that was wow, man. It just to show you, you know, I wear this thing, it says mento Morty, which means you remember, you will die 'cause You don know when you're gonna die. It can happen at any time, man. And that's messed up thing about cop work is that it, it's always at either the forefront or the back of your mind that, you know, you think about it. Like when I, when it's crazy, when the driver picked me up today in the black, when vehicle, and this is cops think like this, I was like, is this really this guy not setting me up? Right. This is legit. Like, you know, you have this like a paranoia thing that goes around in your mind about like, if a person walks into a restaurant, we always sit with our back to the door.


It becomes uncomfortable sometimes. Yeah. Or not with our back to the door, facing the door. So, But yeah. 'cause I guess you develop, it's not really a paranoia as much as it is a preservation, really it is Self-preservation. 'cause seeing death on, on those levels, I, I it's a trip. Does doing police work, sergeant work negotiation work, does it wear down your compassion or does it build it over time, do you think? Oh, that's such a good question for me. In the, in the immediate, you, you, you kind of build up this, this thick skin where you don't, like for me, I don't, showing emotion is still a challenge for me in life.


I get emotional and you, you sometimes will see that there'll be tears that can well up in my eye, but I don't wanna let them fall down. Oh yeah. So it's, it's tough. But to, to answer your question, I think that in the, while you're doing it, thick skin, as you get older, you become more like that. You know, I, I really feel what you're going through. They, they, you know, I wish that I could, and I don't like to say, I wish there's a way that I could help you. My goal is to figure out how I can do that. My, one of my lieutenants, I think I, you guys have the audio on this one of my lieutenants, 4 0 5, and there's audio of it. This is horrific, horrific story.


Las Vegas cop shot wife and five-year-old son before taking his own before Unliving himself. Okay. Yes. He, so this guy was my, my my lieutenant. And you can play the audio if you want. And he, this kind, he tells everything right here. And I'll have to give you a little bit background afterwards. Okay. 9 1 1. What's the address of your emergency? Hi. And what's the problem? Tell me exactly what happened. My name is Hans Walters. I work for Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department. I just shot and killed my son, max, and my wife Michelle, and I killed her because she's in such chronic pain from her neck and back and on more medicines and she's not gonna survive.


And we were both seeing therapists and a psychologist in Boulder City. His name is, and I feel terrible for doing it. Okay. And you, You don twice out. Please don't, please don't interrupt me, please. Okay. I, I have also set the house on fire and if the fire department comes to my house, there's a fire hydrant right in front of my house. I'm gonna open fire on them. So I have to wait till the house is burning and then I'm gonna shoot myself. Okay? So, okay. I don't, I don't ask me any questions. This is, this is real. This isn't a joke. The fire alarms in the background is because I set the garage and the bedroom on fire.


My wife's in the bedroom. I shot her in the head. My son, unfortunately is in of the room watching Oswald. And I shot him in the head too. And, oh, forgive me for my sentence. Please don't call back. Thank you. Oh my God. So Han was my lieutenant and really for a period of time. Yeah, he was my lieutenant for a period of time. And he was one of the most soft spoken, polite. Every time he would talk to you, he would say, please and thank you. Total family man. Not, wasn't a go out after work drinker type guy. Everything in the time that I knew him was about his wife and his son, max.


I remember there was a time, that's him right there. And that's his wife. She was a cop at one time. Oh. And I remember there was someone when, when he was my lieutenant, he would go take time off to go take care of her and he would put me as to, to, to take care of the lieutenant paperwork. And he was always just very pleased and thank you. And he was just, he just, I mean, it's so weird for me to be able to say that one of the most kind soft spoken people to me and to the other people that he interacted with, which was so wild. So his wife had some significant medical challenges. And when I was younger, I, as I said before, I didn't understand how suffering from pain can be so debilitating for a person.


Now this is what's really interesting in this situation, Hans walked outside after he shot his wife and his son, and he didn't get shot. The police didn't shoot him. And I believe that he wanted it to be a suicide by cop. And that's the only reason I can, you know, muster as to why he would walk outside. But they didn't shoot him. He went inside and then he, he 4 0 5. What's interesting is I told you as I listened to the conversation, I to the language, what he says is, he says, please forgive me. What would a person normally say? Would you just say, please forgive me? Or would you say, God forgive me.


God forgive me. But in my mind, I feel like potentially why you, theo, you're a negotiator. Now why did he not use the word God? Because he'd done some things that were bad. That what God wouldn't forgive him for. There you go brother. See, you get this stuff, man. You really get this stuff. And that's why that word did not come out of his mouth. What a horrific situation. But lemme tell you something, man. There are some people under those circumstances who don't want anyone else to raise their kid. Hmm. Can I speak to why he did that? I don't know. But I can tell you that I do have experience with a person who's, yeah. Something like that. And I sent you, there's no audio of this, but I did send a, a file of this case.


Well, Timothy Blackburn, I was a negotiator on team at this time. And my team got the call out for Blackburn. I did not negotiate on an FBI agent who, who was connected with Blackburn negotiated. Quick story of what? Of what Blackburn did. Blackburn committed a robbery of a vault in Vegas. A million plus dollars. Wow. A million plus dollars He got away with, but he got caught. So Blackburn, that's Blackburn right there. Ooh, he's Asian. Yeah. Blackburn got caught. Yeah. Blackburn got, what did you think? Think what? Did you think he was Blackburn? Yeah. Probably white or black. Yeah. Well, he, he, so he got, so he got caught. He's in the North Las Vegas, one of the North Las Vegas detention, whatever, because it was a federal crime.


And his wife breaks him outta the jail. Oh, he escapes. She put a, a screwdriver in her hair that unli. He, he, he escapes, dude, I don't love them. There's a manhunt for them. Okay. It was like the, one of the biggest manhunts in Vegas. And they kept telling us that we're gonna get, we're gonna catch 'em at somewhere. We're gonna catch 'em. There's a, a reward. They find him barricaded in one of those daily suite hotels. Okay? This story's trippy. He doesn't wanna talk to anyone on our, the mind negotiation team. He wants to talk to the F fbi. I agent who arrested him, this FBI agent had said, when Blackburn said, am I looking at much time? He said, your probation officer hasn't been born yet. And so, So Blackburn is in there and they're talking, you know, the, the, the, the FBI agent can, you know, hear the kids in the background and Blackburn, it's like he was with his family, you know, he was, he was a little a family guy.


So SWAT is set up on the house and they're, they're figuring out, you know, whether or when to breach. You know, time is on our side, but here's what happens. A cop I know is on the outer perimeter patrol officer. He's got his shotgun. He's moved from one position to the other. Slinging his shotgun. His shotgun goes off. Blackburn thinks that SWAT is making an entry. They weren't. It was just the guy had an a negligent discharge. Blackburn, then summarily shoots his wife, kid and himself. SWAT goes in just as he's doing that and shoot Blackburn as he's fallen to the ground. And even in the testimony was that the SWAT officer says, you know, I shot a, a dead man 'cause he killed him.


'cause Blackburn was saying stuff like, I don't want to visit my kid through a plexiglass. And he was of the mindset that no one else is gonna raise my kid or be with my woman. And knowing that there are people like that, and that is a very, I have to walk very carefully when I say these things because this is very sensitive information and I'm only speaking from my perspective and the information that I have in hopes that it could help someone else in the future. That if you find yourself in a situation, God forbid, where there's a degree of, you feel like you can't go on without a person. You can and everyone has a sanctity life and should be able to go on.


It's just, in my opinion, not the way to go. Hmm. Yeah. It's, I I I mean it's crazy to think of all the little pieces of all the little avenues of things you would never think need to be information or that you would glean from an officer, a sergeant, a detective, a hostage negotiator. But the simple fact that you're saying based on my information, if you are unliving yourself, you shouldn't unlive other people with you. 'cause it's not, that's not the way to go. It's just who I don't even know who else even. Yeah. I mean that's an easy thing just to say, but you're saying it based on information that you've seen, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. I think we talked, man, thank you so much today, Chris, for joining. Man. I think a lot. It's like, it's just interesting. You start to get even more of a scope of like just what fills up the minds and the histories and the timelines of, of officers, of people that are there to serve, you know, people that are there to protect and how do they manage all that? Cut people slack too. Cut people slack. Yeah. When you're driving on the road, when you're in a restaurant, you know, cut, cut people slack, you could just really avoid so much stuff by taking a deep breath and, and, and making a different decision. And don't, and and, and not bullying people man.


You know, and all of that stuff can lead to a person doing some bull crap. Like, you know, some of the stuff that we see when people barricade and wanna 4 0 5 them, you know? Yeah. 'cause once somebody goes over the edge, they're over the edge. They're Over the edge At that point. You know, the original plateau doesn't matter to them anymore. You know, the original gradient of things doesn't matter. You know, when I drive, I, I carry something in my center console that will address a road rage situation. And it's not what you think. I carry a clown nose, really a red clown nose. And if I see a person driving crazy, I really, I really do this deal. I really do this. I put the clown nose on myself. And my only rule is I cannot take the clown nose off because I know that I'm not gonna yell and scream at a person while I have the clown nose on.


And if I take the clown nose off, I'm being a clown. You'll not believe how many times that has stopped me from acting like an idiot. And it's just such a stupid, basic, simple way to avoid road rage. 'cause I tell you the thing that will get the average citizen in trouble. Two things. One is a domestic violence situation. And the number two thing is something that they do driving, drinking, or acting like an idiot in a road rage. Yeah. Those are the two things. Those are number, those are the top two. And if I say 'em one more time, so Domestic, get into a situation. 'cause you know, domestic is brother to brother. I've been to so many calls. One time I went to a call, a brother got out of the milit, he's on leave from the military. They got drunk, they got into a fight that's domestic. You know, you, it's a mandatory arrest. So that's an average citizen.


And you know, you lose your right to carry a firearm then. Wow. And it's a misdemeanor. And then the other thing is some kind of driving road rage, battery situation that a person gets to or drinking and driving. Those are the top top. So you call three. 'cause if you wanna say drinking and driving or road raging and getting into a situation where you end up, you know, getting into a, a fight with someone. Those things, three things are the civilian, the civilian things that happen all the time. If you can control those things, plummet Odds are you gonna be super safe. Yes, Man. Christopher Curtis, thanks so much for hanging out dude. I gotta take my mom to eat or I would chat a little more. No, I'm down brother. I mean, I really appreciate it was an awesome experience. Great. Will tell your team. It's a phenomenal brother.


You got a really cool team, man. Oh, thank you dude. Yeah, I feel really lucky. You know, I think we did a good job today of like kinda learning about some stuff and also some of it's just like getting into the psyche of seeing what it's like to go through the minds of someone who's gone through your life. And then yeah. How do you best try to manage it? And then what can we even expect out of people you know, who aren't able to manage their, their emotions and mental the fatigue where something, you know, and they're not able to manage it, but they're still required to be at work every, you know, it's like, it's a huge asking. It's a huge fucking undertaking. It Is. But this is good stuff and I hope that it helps officers and civilians alike.


Yeah. Well it's just great to have this conversation man. And we learn more as we go. Christopher Curtis, thank you so much, dude. And yeah, I appreciate it. I love that hat, dude. Mete. Cia. Thank you. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of mind. I found. I can feel it.