
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Today's guest is a neuroscientist. He's a professor. He is a podcaster. He hosts one of the biggest shows in the world called Huberman Lab, where he focuses on helping us to become our best selves and get the most out of our bodies. I believe that he's, he's one of the people who's responsible for bringing health and self-evaluation into the mainstream. I'm grateful for the chance to finally link up today with the one and only Andrew Huberman.


Whitney's been amazing to me since I moved to la. She kind of ushered me in, I didn't really understand la. I moved to Topanga during the pandemic set up there with my bulldog, started doing the podcast in a closet, and she, she kind of taught me about LA and I'd never done anything public facing. Let's Start, do you Wanna just start there? Yeah, we can talk. Yeah, we can do it. But we could talk. I mean, I think we should mention how, what a cute baby Henry is. That kid is so cute. Oh, the baby is beautiful. I think Bring up Henry. Bring up Henry Cummins, or, I don't even know if it's, has it have a stage name? I have no idea if the baby has a front name or last name. I'm pretty sure it's Henry Cummings. Oh my God, that's beautiful. He's, oh yeah.


Look at him. No, he's got your haircut. Wow. He does, dude. And you can tell he cuts it himself too. Yeah, he's a, you know, I've met him and he's just such a good natured Kid. He looks AI right there. He looks like Derma Kennedy a little as well there. He's, he loves animals, which is great. 'cause she's, you know, surrounded herself with animals. Are you trying to attack a resemblance there? I'm just saying the child has a slight resemblance to the remarkable crooner Derma Kennedy. And look. Whoa. Hold on. Whoa. Whoa, bro. I'm gonna have to call my sponsor, dude.


Oh, That's a great photo. That is super cool. I, yeah, I think that last shirt says, I think that that shirt says single mom. Yeah. Ooh. That's like a rock and roll. Whitney's a punk rocker. We have a lot of friends through the punk rock community. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And she sometimes posts with Chris Cole, who's the guy I grew up watching skateboarding. He is a, I think he's in the Tony Hawk skateboarder game. Is he? Bring him up. Bring him a picture of Chris Cole. I've heard of Nat King Cole, and I've heard of Cole. There he is. Yeah. He's A beast. Famous for Oh, doing tray flip down Wallenberg, which in the Bay Area, Wallenberg School is famous for stair huge.


So he, you know, he's a black Wallenberg st. It's a staircase. It's, It's a school. And so they call it Wallenberg for Skate. I grew up skateboarding, and there it is. Wallenbergs the third one down there. Right. Oh, yeah. So this is like, this is one of the things that made Chris legendary that, and he always had those silly wristbands on, not wrist guards wristbands, but this is a long time ago. That's a lot bigger than it might look. No, it's, And you actually have to, now they build Rollins, but you, back then, you would push in down the avenues. Hmm. This is so sick. It's just him trying it over and it's so cool Over and over and over. Oh.


And you can kind of start even just watching this, you start to gain the, it's, Oh, and it's all bolts as they say. He lands. Perfect. God. It just so crazy how many times. It's just such a little piece of perfection. It's like just such an organized, specific moment. Like the point of a pen. When they, when they land, those things Super satisfying to watch. It's gotta feel incredible. Yeah. Oh, that's amazing. Yes. He looks a little bit like your assistant that came in today too. Oh Yeah. He does look a little bit like Greg. You're right. They, they have a resemblance. He Looks a little bit like Greg, dude. Yeah. And they're friends, so that's interesting. But, but yeah. That baby God, I would've loved to have been her son or been, or just had a change.


Yeah. Even I'm glad that, yeah, I'm happy that she has a baby, But she's got that menagerie of animals like Mona, her pit bull ridgeback mix. I love, I also, I have a close relationship to, to her Great Dane Frank. Oh, let me see that bring up. Like Right now, I don't have a dog. So a little while ago I was like, I need some dog time. So I went over there and he thinks he's a puppy, and he crawled up on me on the couch. Mm. And that's a different one. Frank's Gray, but that one's mixed. I Think. There he is. That's probably There he is. Frank. And he and I woke up at two in the morning. She had covered us with a blanket on the sofa, and Frank was breathing into my face. Oh. And it was, it was a moment. But I love Great Danes. 'cause they, they think they're little dogs, but they're giant dogs.


So, anyway, never a dull moment at Casa de Cummings. No. She's always had, had excitement. And she definitely will free an animal if there's even, you know, she'll, she'll release a damn animal from anything. Oh. If she hears that there's a, like a dog running around in the street, or I, I think this is right. Check me on this. We'll have to ask her. But a while back, I think that she was trying to rescue a giraffe. You know, you got these wealthy people that have exotic animals. They want giraffe or an elephant or something. So she'll, she'll drop everything and like, go try and rescue a giraffe. Totally. She's a real animal lover. She's definitely, who's the guy? William Wordsworth or whatever, who's No, who had the animal movie?


Dr. Doolittle. She's like the female Doctor Doolittle. That's Right. I can talk to the animals. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would love to see her do a show just for animals. Even like a live performance, just for animals and, and see how it goes. But yeah, she'll, she'll pet anything. But I'm glad she's got that beautiful baby over there. Yeah. Andrew Huberman. Good to see you, dude. Yeah, Great. Great to meet you in person. Finally. We've corresponded a little bit, but you too, man. I'm a big fan. And I heard your name mentioned at the inauguration of the President of the United States, and I went, this is Wild World's colliding. Right? I think Dana White mentioned Joe Rogan and you at the inauguration of the most powerful person in the, in the world.


And, and, and who else? I'm Sorry. The Nlk Boys. Mm. Well, he mentioned also the N Boys, and then he mentioned, and the most powerful person Joe Rogan. We definitely were like, just some satellites in the orbit, but it was really sweet of, I mean, I think you catch Dana White at 2:00 AM you know, and he'll, and he'll drop some different names and stuff. But yeah, that was crazy when that happened. I remember my ex-girlfriend's mom just texted me, like the, they just mentioned you on the inauguration address or something, and I was like, what is going on? That, that podcasting has become, this thing is just such a part of the universe, you know? What do you think it is? You know, like, what do you think it is? 'cause you may even have more of a scientific look at it.


Why is podcasting just, it's as, it's as common as like somebody saying the New York Times five years ago. Yeah. I have a lot of thoughts about this. First of all, we, it's interesting that we looked at skateboarding earlier. I've been lucky enough to get in on some things in the early phase. Not the very earliest, but the early phase when things were kind of small and there wasn't a lot of money at first. And then things kind of blow up. When I was younger, I got into skateboarding. Every kid in my town played soccer, swam. I got really excited about skateboarding when it was kind of at a low point in terms of like, there weren't a lot of kids skateboarding. It had gone through a phase of popularity. Then it had died in the early nineties. What town was that you're in? I grew up in the South Bay area.


So this is what now is known as South Palo Alto before the internet. Oh, yeah. So, you know, we worked hard when we were in high school to get a skate park put in. There weren't many skate parks. It was really small. We used to take the seven F bus up to San Francisco, the famed Embarcadero or EMB crowd. This is where people like Rob Ick would show up. Back then, he didn't have his show. Actually, the photographer from my podcast, my playback was taking photos of all those guys. A lot of those guys now went on to have, well, Rob Icks Famous has his own show Ridiculousness and has done a bunch of other things. Robin, big Tony Hawk, of course, has lasted through all the peaks and valleys of skateboarding. Pretty impressive. You know? So back then it was really small. I was going to contests where I met Frank, Frank Hawk, Tony's dad was kind of running it a little bit like a Baseball.


Bring a picture of Frank Hawk. You never see. Yeah. Frank and Nancy Hawk. I'll tell you a funny story. Actually, when I was 14, I went to a, a contest at the Linda Vista Boys Club out in the middle of nowhere. And when the contest ended, I was 14 when, when the contest ended, Frank came around and asked me, and this kid, Billy Waldman, who was like, they called him the demon child. He's kinda a wild one. And he was my friend. If you put Billy Waldman demon child, he'll show up. You'll see it written in his face. Watch this ready look. That's what a demon child looks like. Oh, he was a good kid. But in any case, what ended up happening was Frank was like, Hey, where are you guys going? And we're like, well, we don't know. I was gonna take the bus to Lancaster, see my friend Joe Koosh, and somehow get home.


And he was like, no, no, you, you guys can't do that. He was like a real protective dad. So he and Nancy Hawk took me in. I got to stay in Tony Hawk's bedroom. No. That night with all the trophies everywhere. And they took me out to dinner. And I'll never forget, and this is how I got back in touch with Tony in recent years, they had black coffee after dinner at like 8:00 PM and I'd never seen that. So a few years ago on Instagram, I wrote to Tony and said, Hey, you know, your parents took me in when I was a little bit stranded. And if you don't believe me, they drink coffee at 8:30 PM After, during, he wrote back and he goes, no way. You're the only per, the only way to know that is to actually have, have a meal with them. So anyway, you know, skateboarding back then I got out of it. I wasn't very good. Okay. I got put on a team out of sympathy.


I tried, but I kept getting hurt. Who Said team? What do you mean? I I The dust drink coffee late at night. Bring that up real quick. Who's drinking coffee very late at night? Or, or, or see if Tony Hawk is Amsterdam. If he's an Amsterdam. I believe he, he looks Amsterdam to me. Have you? Tony is like six foot Five. I know the Dutch are Tall and his and his son is, is tall as well. You couldn't pick up more Perfect. Last name for a professional skateboarder. Right. Well, that's another reason I believe that he all, in addition to his talent, which just helped him stay the test of time Yep. Is such a moniker. There's nothing like that. Tony Hawkes. Totally. Tony is the most relatable name in the world. And then just like, who don't wanna be that Tony Hawkes a predominantly British descent.


Oh damn. I was hoping we'd get him in Amsterdam. All right. That's all good. But yeah. So what were you saying, brother? Sorry. Yeah, no. So got into that early and then got hurt. But you Got from a team you said? Yeah. Yeah. So I got sponsored by a little, a company called Thunder Trucks. Spitfire Wheels, they put me on as sympathy. I'm, I'm still friends with the team manager from back then. And he'll tell you it was outta sympathy. But I gotta see a lot of friends turn pro start companies. Danny Way and Colin McKay started DC Oh, oh yeah. DC which eventually sold to Quicksilver. They did that also with Ken Block, who was a rally car driver, unfortunately passed away a few years ago. He was the guy that do Jim Kana, all the, he driving around cities. You know, you haven't seen Jim Kana in San Francisco. Oh man. We're bringing back all the stuff.


No, this is awesome. Pull this up. I love hearing About this. So you look at, you look at San Francisco and you say, Ken Block, this is, I mean, so Ken unfortunately died in this snowmobile accident a few years ago. But this on YouTube is unbelievable. I would go to the middle of it to really get a sense of, And so they would drive around. They basically just, wow. They shut down big segments of the city. So that's down at the piers. And then all this look, 119 million views, all this aerial footage shutting to jump. Why not just jump between two streets in San Francisco? Hell yeah. So that was, this was, Yeah. My, yeah. My friend Mike b Layback was the one photographing all this for dc.


So DC was initially skateboarding, Danny and Colin and Danny's older brother, Damon Star DC It has actually stood for something called Drawers Clothing, but DC Danny, Collin and DC Shoes. Right. DC I remember them. And then they went snowboarding, rally Car BMX, motocross, oh, monster. You know, monster Rockstar, all that was born out of essentially skateboarding and BMX early on. Then X Games took off. So it's kind of like how, you know, in the nineties, skateboarding was really small, then it blew up, then it dies a little bit and it keeps coming back. Now it's in the Olympics. Yeah. Okay. So when I got into neuroscience, 'cause that's my official job. I'm a professor of neuroscience up at Stanford. I, I don't currently run my lab anymore. I tooled that down in 2023.


So I could focus more on the podcast. But I still teach medical students, graduate students and undergraduates. Okay. So you're still practicing. Yes. Yeah. And I ran a lab for more than a decade and really got into science. When I was in college. I decided, listen, I'm not gonna become a professional skateboarder, not a musician. I gotta do something with my life. I got into biology and psychology and I started working in a lab. And so even when I got into neuroscience, it was early. There was no such thing called a neuroscience degree or a neuroscientist. There was biology. There was genetics, but there wasn't something official. Then came the decade of the brain and now neuroscience is everywhere. Yeah. You hear about it a lot. Yeah. So when I, but you didn't hear about it 10 years ago. For sure. You Did not. I mean, and it really drew from people from different fields. And then now we have a better, not complete, but we could talk about better understanding of lots of different things, memory, addiction, et cetera.


When I got into podcasting, I started my podcast in 2021. As we were talking about before, it was just, you know, small closet. I was living in Topanga, kind of self-appointed sabbatical. It was the pandemic, everything. And you had a shutdown. My bulldog, bulldog Mastiff Costello. And he passed away at some point. 2021. I had to put him down. I had to do it myself. No, what are you talking about? I, at home, I had them come, he hated the vet. You know, I mean, a bulldog's an amazing animal. The contract between a bulldog and owner is very simple. Yeah. They will die for you. And you can feel that they will die for you. But if your life is not on the line, they're not doing shit at all. Yeah. That's the contract. They will die for you. They'll also take a nap. There he is. They'll also take a nap for you.


They will take a nap for you. So he, he used to just snore. You can hear him snoring in our early episodes and fart and you know, that's what they do. But Oh yeah. But if there was a threat, they don't hesitate, you know, shit's everywhere. He was skunk something like 27 times. 'cause they don't learn. He was stung by bees. No skunked. Oh, by Skunk. Yeah. They always say there are two kinds of dogs. Dogs that get skunked once and then all the other kinds of dogs. But in any case, we, you know, we started the podcast and we weren't thinking about, oh, we're gonna make money with this, or it'll be a big podcast. Sat down, put up a couple cameras and me and you know, my, what I now call my producer, but my friend Rob Moore just did that. And Mike Layback from DC 'cause I knew people from skateboarding. He took the photos. And then what happened between 2021 and 2025 Is you All right, thanks.


In large part to Joe. Right. We could talk about, I have theories about why Joe is the king of podcasting and the biggest media channel on the planet. Not just po podcasting. What happened was people wanted to hear conversation where it's not scripted and where the ads and commercials are things that people actually use. Right. You know, and, and it went from this little niche community of comedians and people that like to talk about UFC to, you know, Lex Friedman was the one who inspired me to start a podcast. Hmm. So he was my kind of my brother in crime in terms of podcast Eskimo or whatever they call It. Yeah. Because he was an acade He is an academic, right? Yeah. I mean he, he's, he has a PhD.


A lot of people don't know this, but it's Doctor Lex Friedman. Hmm. So he's not a medical doctor, but he has a PhD and he was the AI computer science guy. And I was the neuroscience guy. But then I'm also very interested in health and health and fitness. But you guys didn't podcast together? No. We've done a few, but No. Right. A few episodes together. But you don't Have, but we were kinda the science podcast. Yeah. Right. Oh, for sure. And then it just, you know, the comedians led the way. Right. You, Joe, you know, Mark Marin. Mark Marin. And then it just kind of, Pete Holmes. Pete Holmes was a big one. Early. Remember Pete Holmes was before everybody. Yeah. Pete Holmes was a very early podcast. But no, I look, it's definitely gotten where I think it, it's nice not having, people are like, you know, sometimes I'll, I'll see things.


People seem like, oh, this, this group, now you're working with this group, or you're working with this group, or you've been like, infiltrated by this country or this idea. It's like, no, I don't work for anybody. Right. It just, I, I try my best, you know? And, and Oh, You do an amazing job. 'cause it's so, it's pure. So the, the parallels I was setting out with skateboarding and neuroscience, and then this, I realized at some point, and I, and you know, I'll get accused of name dropping, but I'm very blessed to be very close friends with Rick Rubin. I spent a lot of time with Rick, either here when he is in the States, or Fascinating gentleman, Rick Rubin is a, I, I know him most. He's a music producer. Yep. Music Producer. You know, he's also a produced comedy. He did, he worked with Andrew Dice Clay.


Mm. And he has great stories about that. Oh, I bet he does. And you know, and so what's interesting is, I talked, talked to Rick about this. I was like, why is podcasting experiencing this surge? The question you asked. And he said, and this is kind of how Rick talks. He, he actually talks like this. He's like, because it's real. You know, people when they're, when something's early, they're not thinking about how it's going to be received. You're not thinking about whether or not your corporate sponsors are gonna be happy. This is why Rick, you know, remember Rick produced Beastie Boys, LL Cool j Beastie Boys, red Hot Chili Peppers, Adele, Kanye. He's doing classical music stuff now. Country.


Wow. And he tends to work with people at the beginning and then not necessarily again, maybe on a song or two. And I asked him why. And he's like, because at the beginning they're in what Josh Waitzkin, the great chess player, has described as the pre-conscious phase of creativity. You're not trying to defend a title. You know, you're not trying to defend a title. You're not thinking about how it's gonna be received because you really have nothing to compare it to. You've never to lose. Yeah. Listen, when Chris Cole 360 flipped down wallenberg, someone was filming it. Right. But after he did that, I'm sure that he thought about God. Like, how do I, how do I like supersede that the next time? How do, but when, when it's the next big thing, you're just thinking about the next thing.


And there's something really beautiful to that. And that's what people tend to gravitate toward. Whether or not it's media, podcasting, skateboarding, motocross, I don't care what it is. We can feel when something's real. Ah, in fact, Rick has this great saying, and I love it. 'cause one time I saw this whole thing in the media related to somebody I knew. And it turned out that their whole company was just a complete sham. At least that's what the media was claiming. And he said to me, he goes, it's all lies. And I said, yeah, apparently it's all lies. And he said, no, no, no, no. Everything is made up. He said, there's only two things that are true nature, like the laws of chemistry, biology, physics and professional wrestling.


Mm. He said, because everyone knows professional wrestling's made up. Right. And Rick watches 12 hours a week of professional wrestling. Oh my God. And when I go and see him, and we watch professional wrestling, I'm like, why do you, why do you watch so much professional wrestling? And he said, you know, it relaxes me. And also you can see all the theater of life there. And he also likes that people don't actually get hurt. But you're also wondering, wait, was that really part of the act? Yeah. And when you look at politics or you look at the world, you know, a lot of it's made up. Like Bitcoin's on a run today. Everyone's excited it broke 109 or 110. I mean, great. But Bitcoin's made up. Right. I mean, its value is dependent on people's kind of perceived value of it.


Right. And so he's right. Everything basically is made up. And so when you capture something that's real to a person, right, like a song and the way they sing it, and they're not comparing it to the way they sang it last time, they're not thinking about whether or not their tour is bigger than the other big tour that's out there. There's something that I think really resonates with people and we just go, wow. Like that's, you know, I, I see it as like, that's the human spirit in action. It's really beautiful. Yeah. It's like seeing a duck, like a little duck, try to take it, learn a fly or whatever. You know, that's the funnest part. Once you see a duck flying, you're like, ah, it's fine. You know, it can fly, that's great. Or whatever looks cool. Still beautiful. But seeing that duck give those, give those tries and take that shot out of the nest, whatever, that's kind of like the funnest part, you know?


Well, and the, and the, I think that's the beauty of childhood, right? You know, is, is everything's new. Oh yeah. You know, it's, and you know, this is actually a, an interesting segue to dopamine because, you know, dopamine is triggered by a bunch of things, but mostly by anticipation of something. Okay. Right. So let me think about that. So dopamine is, when people say dopamine, 'cause you hear it all the time, right? Dopamine hits. Dopamine hits Dopamine. Right? You hear about dopamine or giving, you know, you're getting dopamine out of that. You're, so what is it? It's a, it's something that's in your body naturally. Okay. So And where is it hidden in your body? Behind your ears? Yeah, basically. So real quick lesson in dopamine. Okay? Dopamine's. A neurochemical.


Some people call it neurotransmitter or neuromodulator. Let's just say it's a chemical. Okay? It's a chemical. It's chemical. So it's a liquid. It it's a, yeah. Basically it's released from neurons. Neurons or nerve cells. And it's going to bind to the next, it's gonna park in a parking spot. We call a receptor on the next nerve cell and trigger the activity of that nerve. Cell. Nerve cells communicate through electricity and chemicals. The chemicals stimulate electricity. Okay. And neurons can make the next neuron more active. They can make the ne next neuron less active. Ooh. So this is important, in fact, a, a good kind of mechanical example as if you flex your bicep, you are inhibiting, you are preventing the neurons that flex your tricep. They are antagonistic muscles.


Got it. And as just kind of a parallel where we can get to, when you, for instance, smell something you like, it's what's called an repetitive response. It's kind of appetite that inhibits the repulsion response. I see. When you smell vomit or something really putrid Yeah. You tend to retract and it tends to shut down at the same time. The circuits that would bring you closer to something. So it's, it, you know, every circuit in the brain is like that. There's a push and a pull, an accelerator and a break. And If you do want it, it limbs the other. Yeah. Think of it like a seesaw. One goes up, the other goes down. Got it. You know everything from, if you step on a pin, you move your foot up and guess what, what happens?


Your o other leg automatically extends. Yeah. Okay. This is called the monos synaptic stretch reflex. If you touch a fish on the side, there's a big old neuron. Giant neuron called the mouther neuron. And what does the fish do? It heads in the opposite direction. This is just a, a, you know, these circuits have been selected for, because the dumb fish that went toward the thing that touched it probably got eaten. Ah. So all these responses are hardwired responses. This chemical dopamine exists in a couple different places in your brain. It has several roles. The most important ones to know about are that it's involved in generating movement. People with Parkinson's lose the neurons that create dopamine. Okay. In an area called the substantial nigra, if you were to cut open a human brain, you'd see two dark areas at the bottom of the brain.


And in Latin Niagara, dark black, he's down at the bottom of the brain. Oh yeah. And those are the neurons that degenerate. And there's a picture of it, but maybe we can find, it's really impressive. You can see even, even without a microscope, if you just say, I don't dunno if you said like actual brain tissue or something. There you go. Look. So see that first, that first one. Look at there, that's probably without any staining. You're just looking at the brain with no microscope in Parkinson's. Those degenerate, you can see it on the right. And what happens is when they're, so dopamine is critical for movement. And it's important to keep that in mind. Because the other thing that dopamine does is it's involved in a, in a set of brain circuits that are involved in motivation. So if you think about any animal, human dog, rat, cat, monkey, bat, that animal has three choices for movement.


Okay. You can move towards something, you can stay still or you can move backward. Right. Dopamine is involved in motivation, not reward. So when you, like, what's something that you really enjoy doing? Making quesadillas. Making Quesadillas. When you get the ingredients and you put 'em out. Yeah. Your dopamine is starting to rise. Yeah. I'm feeling okay. If you're a, if you're somebody who likes gambling, it's on the way to Vegas. You're walking in, you're getting your chips. It's the feel of the chips. Yeah. The dopamine's going up. Okay. This is a hardwired set of circuits that were designed to have us do things that we're adaptive. So dopamine starts to rise in anticipation of food when we're hungry.


Okay. Cold. When we're hot heat. When we're cold sex, when we're horny. Right. Right. And it's going to be involved in anything that we think is gonna bring a feeling or a resource. So a lot of dopamine is based on perception. Absolutely. You nailed it. Wow. In fact, in fact, whether or not we're talking about bitcoin, US dollars likes on Instagram or X followers views or any of that, the currency is dopamine. Got it. There's one currency of motivation. So dopamine is about wanting and craving, not about having, then something happens, you make the case.


Okay, hold on, lemme slow it down. Yeah. Just real quick. And just so that, 'cause I, sometimes it's hard for me. So I know it might be hard for some of our listeners, but so the dopamine is, is based on the motivation. So it's not about like the fact that when I'm sitting there and I'm making my quesadilla, like that's the, that's the dopamine is like knowing that I'm gonna get the quesadilla soon. That's dopamine. But then when I actually get the quesadilla, what, Okay, so it depends on the quesadilla. Let's, let's go with three different scenarios. Okay. And we could change out quesadilla here for jackpot at the Table. Casino sex, Winning A UFC fight or winning the bet on the UFC fight. Being nervous about asking a girl out and then actually doing it Comedy. When you move to crowd work and you're like, this feels like I'm out on a tight rope.


Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So any of those things, anything where there's a potential payoff, then something happens. Let's, let's use the quesadilla example. 'cause it's, it's straightforward. You, you have the quesadilla and it's pretty good. Tastes like the quesadilla you usually make. Okay. What happens? Your dopamine starts dropping a little bit. Mm. Yeah. Not a lot, but you're okay. Yeah. It, it starts dropping. Let's say just by way of example, you eat four quesadillas each time it's gonna be a little bit less dopamine from the actual eating of the quesadilla. Yeah. The second quesadilla, you can barely even taste it sometimes. Yeah. Let's say you bite into the quesadilla and it's like, ugh, this tastes weird.


Like there's something off here. Dopamine plummets. So how much dopamine you get depends on the anticipation minus what you actually get. Something called reward prediction error, but the language doesn't really matter. That's a bunch of nerd speak for when an experience is worse than you expected, your dopamine drops below where it started. Wow. When an experience is better than you expected, surprise. It's way above where you started and it stays up there for a while. Hmm. So the dopamine system loves surprise. Now all of this is related to learning. This is an ancient system designed for you to learn where are the payoffs?


Where's the water? Where's the food? Where are the mates? Where's the money? Where's the resources? These are ancient circuits that we are doing non ancient things with. And so for instance, if you do tour, you do comedy tours, right? When you do your comedy tours and like you really nail it one night, like really nail it, it does two things. It raises your baseline level of dopamine. So the next time you go out, you have confidence, right? You're still feeling that. Ah, but it also raises the threshold for dopamine. Right now it's harder to get dopamine. You can't have the same experiences that you had prior to that really killer night and get the same amount of dopamine that you used to.


The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my bets in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT, what do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet $5 or get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withdraw bonus bet that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call one eight hundred gambler.


It's officially the best time of the year for hoops fans, playoff, drama, buzzer, beaters, and the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping Better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks. And that's 25 times your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at a 500 x bag in your pocket. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your score, and go for those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more for a couple of my picks. I'm rocking with that SGA and more than 30 and a half points. I'm also gonna roll with Nas Reed, that LSU dog and less than six rebounds. So yeah, don't settle for weak payouts. Make your picks with pick six from DraftKings and let your basketball brain pay off. New to DraftKings. Pick six new customers, toss in just $5 on your first entry, and you'll get a $50 in bonus picks instantly. The playoffs are on. So why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings Pick six app Right now and use code Theo. That's code Theo to play $5 and get $50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, Bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred Gambler Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer Bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See Terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


What happens when your health becomes the punchline? It's a good question. With the revelations of seed oils and brain fog and toxins. Pollutants, things that are, that we're ingesting that we didn't even know. The modern world is screwing with our health at the cellular level, leading to digestive issues and more stress exhaust everything. But here's the thing, you don't have to settle for feeling like garbage. 24 7 Arma colostrum is nature's original health hack, packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that fortify gut integrity, strengthen immunity, revitalize hair growth, fuel stamina, elevate, focus, and help you function like a human. Again, arm colostrum. I take it, I put it into my smoothie. I like to make a nice smoothie. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try Amra dot com slash theo, that's TRY Amra dot com slash THEO. Or enter Theo to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/t HEO. Arm colostrum.


Nothing has ever made me feel more American. Then rolling on over to Sonic. And now Sonic is taking a stand against mediocre cheeseburgers by proclaiming the Sonic Smasher, the New Smash General Cheeseburger of America. And they want people across the country to experience a better burger. Hand smashed and made to order. The Sonic Smasher features Angus beef patties, seasoned and seared to perfection with crispy edges in a juicy center layered with melty American cheese, a creamy, tangy signature smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles and diced onions, all served on a soft potato bun. Head to Sonic to try the Sonic Smasher LIVE FREE EAT SONIC.


And when you think about dopamine, the most important thing to think about is how quickly does it go up? How quickly and how far does it go down? Because every time it goes up, it goes down. Why? Because remember earlier we were saying like a seesaw, if you feel motivated, there is, and this is so important for people to understand, especially people with compulsions addictions and this kind of thing, the better it feels, the lower you're gonna feel afterwards and the longer it will take you to get back to baseline. So the, the drug of all drugs for this to really nail home dopamine as a concept. Sex Or what? Food? Well, behavioral behaviorally sex. You're, you're right. Okay. So And people have behavioral addictions, process addictions, methamphetamine.


Yeah. If you were gonna look at what creates the biggest rise in dopamine the fastest. So it's dopamine over time. Okay. Because listen, when you write jokes or you know, when I'm, you know, reading papers, I love reading science papers. I'm like mine in for papers. Every once in a while I take a little break and I'm super into cephalopods octopuses. I'm building an octopus tank at home Right now. Ooh. So that's kind of my, my indulgence is, is oc you know, it's a little bit of dopamine, right? Methamphetamine is a huge rapid increase in dopamine. Then what happens? How much do we get off that? Bring it up real quick. Yeah. I just wanna see what is the, So it's, it's, it's how fast it occurs. It, it occurs within minutes. This is why crack cocaine was so much more addictive than in, than snorted cocaine.


Right? It was the speed it with, with which it hits the system. How much dopamine does an activity release? Yeah. Baseline is a hundred percent, food is 150%. So in 50% increase video games, 175% sex 200. I Disagreed with sex, by the way. I think it depends on, you know, if it, if you're, and people should know this, if you live with somebody and you guys are having sex a lot, and you've known each other a long time, there's a lot of the reason why people are like looking for novelty in their relationship, et cetera. I'm not trying to be salacious here, but new sexual partner is probably about 400, 500%. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I think most people would not dispute that Cocaine goes to four 50% amphetamine, 1000% methamphetamine, 1300%.


That meth, that meth, that methyl group increases the speed, that speed, ah, increases dopamine. So It's almost the same. It could, it could potentially almost be kind of the same, but the speed at which it happens is so much greater that it intensifies it so much. That's right. And remember, yeah. The, the brain is thinking in terms of approach, pause or retract. So when there's a ton of dopamine, listen, anyone on cocaine or methamphetamine, everything's a good idea to them. Oh, Any, yeah. Anything, right? Oh God. And then you think about cannabis, cannabis has its own discussion, its own effects, but very different system and tends to make people pretty happy with right where they are. The opioids tends to make people overly happy with right where they are. They tend to be a motivated, not motivated.


So dopamine in this context, what happens is then dopamine drops below baseline after a drug or porn. Or even, you know, somebody's, you know, let's say they make the huge mistake of like going outside their marriage or prostitute or something. It's the anticipation, the fear, the excitement, boom. Then it drops below baseline. And now here's the real rub in order to get back to baseline. Most people, when they're in that trough, what do they do? They use more. But each time they use, while they're in that trough, when dopamine is low, this is the key thing. When dopamine is low, no matter how much you do of that substance, no matter how much you engage in that behavior, that dopamine is gonna have less and less of an effect.


And it's not even gonna get you above baseline. Wow. You have to wait. The period of abstinence is when these circuits return to normal. And with the exception of alcohol, where people can die from rapid withdrawal, this is why every addiction recovery program has a period of abstinence. They don't tell you to kind of taper off cocaine. Right. They're like, listen, this has gotta stop. And then when people relapse, the problem is they get, you know, no pun intended, they get a bump. But that dopamine level is not where it used to be. And they're constantly, quote unquote, chasing the dragon or whatever you want to call it. Yeah. So, you know, these dopamine circuits evolved for a good reason to drive us toward adaptive behaviors.


But listen, I have friends in the tech sector, in the finance sector, you see this in the finance guys. It's often finance guy. They're doing Adderall, they're day trading, they're night trading. You know, their friends are making a ton of money. And we also have the social comparison thing. So I'm not gonna say that social media hijacks all of this, but let's just say, and I, I love social media. I'm on Instagram and XI teach there, I learn there. Love your content, love RA's content ro you know, I'm learning there. Tim Dillon, right? Like I'm, I love it. Yeah. But there are elements of this where if you find yourself on social media, but you're kind of like, what am I doing here? Like, this is like, nothing's happening here. You are in a dopamine trough. You're In a trough.


So we, you've already gotten your high, You've gotten it and we hear it. Dopamine hits. If it were really dopamine hits, you'd be going, whoa. Yeah, amazing. Cool. Right? Cool. No, that happens now and again. But what's happening is the threshold for what really draws you in is getting higher and higher. Which goes to show why when it comes sometimes to like sex addiction and pornography addiction, that people's what the, the kink that they need or the thing they need to see gets more out there. 'cause they have to just to even get back to the baseline, they have to, they, they've gotta find more. They need a higher arc. Definitely. I had a couple questions. Sorry. No, no. And save where you're at. Can you, can you distill dopamine?


Like is there, is it manufacturable dopamine? There are thing, yes. So there are things that are precursors to dopamine and things that stimulate the release of dopamine. So things that stimulate the release of dopamine, the amino acid L tyrosine. Okay. It's found in hard cheeses like Parmesan cheese, believe it or not. Some people, I think they're a little bit addicted to cheese in some ways. Oh, they do. Some people think that. Yeah. It's a l tyrosine is a supplement as well. Ooh. L tyrosine. He sounds like he's from Rome. Huh? There's A, there's a very interesting hairy little bean, no joke. This is a hairy little bean called una purine.


You gonna say something else? Una p purines. Una purines Una purines. This is a velvety bean. If you just put velvet bean l dopa, it is 99% L-dopa, which is the precursor. Ooh. It gets converted to dopamine. I'll take L eight ball of it. Remember that movie awakenings where people were frozen? Yes, Yes. With Robert De Niro. That's right. And Robin Williams. Yes. Robin Williams. And They gave those patients, it was a true story. It's based on a story by the neurologist writer Oliver Sachs. And they gave those people L-dopa, that velvety little bean is l-dopa. So you say, can you manufacture it? You can take the thing that is the precursor.


Now, if you do that, you'll feel, do dopaminergic as neuroscientists say, you'll be like buzzed. Right. You be energized. That's Shakira. Absolutely. And then, But yeah, v Up and then you'll, and then you'll feel the drop. So then you'll feel that, and then methamphetamine stimulates the release As we saw cocaine stimulates release behaviors. Listen, I don't wanna demonize dopamine. No, not at all. Dopamine is, you know, I'm sure I had a surge of dopamine walking in here today. I'm a fan of your show. I Had a dopamine when I saw you. I was excited, nervous about it. And then it happened. So here and, and hopefully I will, the reward prediction error won't be less than you anticipated. That's my goal. So It's already fascinating. So I think that, you know, can you manufacture it?


Well, there are things that can stimulate its release. Now, what's beautiful, what's really beautiful is when I usually, I think usually it happens when you're a teen. For me, it was 19 when I discovered biology, you know, wasn't good at skateboarding, wasn't bad. But, you know, I liked running and working out, but I never thought about becoming a professional athlete. And then I discovered learning and biology. And I thought, wow, this is something that I'm highly motivated to do. I didn't really understand dopamine then. We didn't know that much about it. But I'm motivated to do it. So there's dopamine from doing it. It brings me resources at first degrees and knowledge later, you know, the ability to buy a house, right? So much of my life is built around the work that I did, like a maniac, really, between the age of 19.


And I'm 49 now, just working nonstop. And so there's functional dopamine, and pretty soon you start weaving it in. Like, oh, I, I can also rest and have some recreation and that's giving me dopamine. So our lives are built around this molecule we call dopamine. And so the ways that you can manage it almost orchestrate dopamine to use it to your advantage. It's, it's very usable. That's right. I think the thing to remember the following dopamine is not about the pursuit of pleasure, it's about the pleasure of pursuit. It's about motivation. The other thing to remember about dopamine is it can, if it's increased very dramatically and very fast, it can drive addiction. And I define addiction as a progressive narrowing of the things that bring you pleasure.


A great life is where many, many things bring you pleasure. Yeah. And then the, perhaps the most important thing for people, especially if they're concerned about porn, gambling, internet use or whatever, even if they're not a full blown addict, that they're just kind of feeling like a slave to everything going on, that, you know, just everything, highly processed foods, all of that is that any high amount of dopamine that comes to you without effort before it will eventually destroy you. Wow. Or bring you close to destruction. So something that just feels so good that you, that all you had to do was open a package. All you had to do was take a Pill or open a website or Open a website. That is the slippery slope. Mm. And if we think more in terms of, you Know, yeah.


Pandora's box doesn't really have a key on it, huh? Yeah. Like I, I, listen, I'm not a huge UFC fan, but I'd, I've been to a few fights and it's fun. And I see you guys down there in the front row and this kind of thing. Look, someday I imagine given my friend set and given my interests, maybe I'll just buy a ticket and it'd be a great thrill. Right? But if I were a kid and I suddenly were just planted there every single night, guess what? You move one row back, it's gonna feel like bad seeding. Mm. You know, and it's, this is why the children of very wealthy people, unless your father is like a Warren Buffet who insists that you actually work and this kind of thing. Yeah. That children are very wealthy people often destroy their lives. You know, they destroy their lives because they haven't had to work to have all this stuff.


And there's this huge cushion below them. In fact, my graduate advisor, They're almost swimming in dope. And they're almost in the hot tub, but they've never been in the pool. And Then they're Exactly. And then they're, and then they're down below baseline. And then it takes more and more and more. You know, that show Is that genetic then, sorry to I interrupt you, but is that genetic, that your baseline level for dopamine, is that genetic? No, this is all behaviorally driven, behaviorally driven. And, you know, I'm not saying parent should, you said It is all behaviorally driven, all behaviorally driven. I'm just saying. Yeah. Say if like you had a, like, you know, your father was an addict or somebody, and then it could the, to the next generation have that same, like, need to get back to that baseline and it could be inherited type of thing. Well, There, okay. So there are certain addictions that appear to have some genetic component, but it's confounded as we say, it's mixed up with the behavioral stuff around that.


Like for instance, the probability of somebody becoming a severe alcoholic, they now call it alcohol use disorder. And I'm, I'm not trying to be irreverent, but I just call it alcoholism. Alcoholism, yeah. For sure. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try and stay out of the, the lanes of political. Yeah. We've Got it in here. So Yeah. Great. So the probability that somebody will become an alcoholic greatly increases if their first drink, just their first sip comes before age 13. Hmm. Okay. Now some parents think, Hey listen, if my kid has a beer when they're eight and 10, then they won't have this, you know, kind of mysterious feeling around alcohol. That's one theory. But we know on good statistics that drinking before the age of 13 greatly increases the probability of becoming an alcoholic.


So now you can imagine in which households will that happen? Well, where they're trying to normalize high alcohol intake. So it can be both genetic and circumstantial. But do some countries then suffer with the higher alcoholism rates then? Yes. Yes. Even European ones. Yeah. Northern European countries, really, especially in the winter. I have Northern European relatives, and I'll tell you in the winter, they can drink up there and it's dark and, and you know, alcohol's a depressant. There's also about 8% of people have a gene variant that when they drink, they don't feel the same sedative type quality to alcohol. When, when you drink, the first thing that happens for everybody is your prefrontal cortex. This is like the part of your brain right behind your forehead. It's the part that sets context.


Like what's, what's appropriate in different places. Oh yeah. It's, it inhibits you. Everybody gets a little more talkative, right. Everyone's talking talk, talk. But then you drink more and people are starting to pass out on the couch and people are slurring their words. About 8% of people get a dopamine surge and an energy increase from alcohol with increasing alcohol intake. These are the people remember? Oh, so when you're in your twenties and there's that guy and he's still awake at like three in the morning. He's in the kitchen and, And he's bumping around. He's in the cupboard. And you see, and you see him the next morning. Yeah. And he's like, Hey, and you are like, we were passed out, blacked out drunk. He's doing laundry or whatever. He's just like, Hey, let's go running. Yeah. He Is doing, yeah. Making a lemonade or whatever. So That's a genetic predisposition.


Wow. Yeah. And so, but is that a positive one? It sounds like it is kind of, well It's probably adaptive in some, you know, they've got, you got the cursor on Russia. I mean, listen, I'm friends with Lex Friedman and I mean, that kid can drink compared to me. Oh, it Dude. Yeah. He definitely, I Don't drink. I I I had my last sip in 2019. Amen. Well, and Lex has the depression to show it, man. He's got that emo side of him that takes over him. You know, he's definitely, I think he just put something out again on x I mean, it's perfect. No, I, I I, I, I love Lex. 'cause he, there's this transparency about him to me that is remarkably human, you know, of like this, like ever hopeful, talented, but also very like, honest. He just, this is so Lex, He just said, I'm an introvert who hides in the world often way too much.


One thing I wish I did more is call and text my friends. I think about them often and feel lucky to know them, but experience a strange anxiety that prevents me from texting and calling silly introvert. Introvert brain wants to pull me into isolation and darkness. Then again, once I hang out with said friends, it's like, we've been talking every day, so maybe there's no problem. And it's just how dude friendships are PSE thoughts brought to you by brain on six shots of espresso. That's perfect. And I think, you know, with Lex, that's high octane, you know, I won't claim that he posted that 'cause 'cause of me, but I'd been texting for like three weeks now and it's just crickets. And then I'll get something back that just says here. Yeah. And you just learn with him over time. That's just, you know, that's just that guy. Well that's Rushing communication.


I mean Exactly. It can take five generations to get a hug out of somebody, you know? Exactly. It's like, I love the Russians. Oh, they're unbelievable. And they, you know, a lot of 'em had carried stone dolls as children. Like, imagine if you're a doll, your baby doll is made of stone. It's like that's your whole concept of the world is gonna be so different. Bring up, bring Stone dolls. Bring back that chart up again. I wanna see what they were doing over there. Alcoholism by country, United States, 13.9%. Canada only 8%. UK 8.7. And what's the darkest one over there? It's Russian. What's that? 20.9%? Hell yeah. It's Cold and bleak. Oh yeah. You gotta be fucking brain dead over there. North Korea's lowest, but, but we don't really know what's going on in North Korea.


No, we don't know. This is just a fun chart, but it's also exciting to just make, That's one place I never want to visit, Be reminded that the Russians live like that. I want to ask you about this, about, so one of the big things that I think is, is a huge problem that's about to happen in the world is pornography addiction. Right? I think it's, I believe it's humongous. I believe it's bigger than alcoholism. I believe it's like the wave of it that we're, we're starting to see like people really suffering from. And I think it's one of the reasons why there's a lot of divorce. What do you see like neuroscientifically about how we can, how people can start to manage that.


And then even just what you just talked about, about dopamine, it's like, I think it's helping people realize with that, that it's like such a hole that you're getting into. No, no, ju whatever that thing's called, no pun intended. How does that, how can people start to cut that off for themselves? Is there anything they can do, manage, like, or do they have to get help if they believe that they're suffering from like pornography or sexual addiction. Yeah. Super important questions. So glad you're raising this because you know, it's, it's interesting if you look at the research on pornography and sexual behavior generally, right? What you'll find mostly in the academic studies of those areas is kind of an attempt to, to normalize a lot of behavior.


There are reasons for that. Some pseudo political, some just kinda the way those studies were done for a long time. But it's really important to emphasize that it takes a while for science to catch up to culture. Okay? It takes a while for science to catch up to culture, diet. Yeah. It takes, and the reason is not because scientists are lazy or they're uninterested, is that doing science well takes a long time. Look, I've run studies in my lab on animals, on humans clinical trials. It takes a long time, like three, four years sometimes to get real information, to get a really good study done. Meanwhile, life is happening. And in the last, ah, in the last five years especially, there's been an exponential growth of the amount of pornography available online.


The different formats, right. Only fans, you know, all the different sites that people can go to. Oh yeah. Pre paid ai, ai. And within each of those, there's also been a huge amplification of the, of what's called like high intensity porn. What's high intensity porn. It's more than two people. It's BDSM. Now, BDSM is its own discussion that maybe we could talk about at some point, you know, just separately about this merge of pain and pleasure. That, that, the reason I'll just, the, the punchline is that dopamine is also increased by what we call the cessation of pain. When pain starts and then stops, you get an amplified dopamine surge. So a lot of people are watching or engaging in what we would call violent porn, right?


And we're, as primate species, humans, we have an empathy. So when people are watching pornography, they're not obviously not experiencing the same things Exactly. Those people are doing and experiencing, but they're tuning into it, right? Yeah. They're getting to it. And we can only speculate as to what they're doing to themselves, right? Yeah. Typically, when we're talking about porn, let's just be direct. We're also talking about masturbation. Right? Typically, when we're talking about watching video porn, sometimes it's women, most often it's men by a huge majority. Oh yeah. The men are the one watching it. Yeah. Although, you know, years ago I had a, had a girlfriend, a woman I was dating very seriously. And, and she confessed to me that prior to our relationship, she had developed a porn compulsion. It wasn't an, an addiction.


You know, an addiction again is a progressive narrowing of the things that bring you pleasure. It hadn't taken her to the point where it was destructive, but she would had the wisdom to cut herself off from it early on. Okay. So it does happen with women, but it's much more frequent with men. So here's the thing. We can think of pornography now as like the methamphetamine of pornography compared to the pornography of, you know, we always hear about, oh, you know, like when I was growing up drawing Yeah. The playboy or, or you know, the, the thing when I was a kid, like, I'll confesses first didn't know I was gonna do a confession. But yeah, they had those like sex education books where they were like, sketch drawings and pencil. Oh yeah. Bring 'em up. And I, you know, when I was, you know, probably, you know, 14, 13, I was like, this is awesome.


Yeah. You know, this was awesome. But it was about, you know, teaching you basically about sex. It was teaching about body parts and that was a, you know, for sure do pencil drawings. I can't believe we're looking this up. No, it's interesting 'cause I think a lot of people probably, no, I, if you do pencil drawings, who knows what kind of freaky stuff's gonna jump up here. No. We have a blocker on, I'm pretty sure. No, these Are, Yeah. There we go. There we go. So, yeah. Yeah. Have some see human loving. This is very different than today's porn Sex. And hu I love how they used to call it human loving. Human loving. That's nice though. Yeah. There's something, at least it makes more sense. It puts even in your head into something, you know, instead of like Britney's butt world or whatever, you know, which takes it to a whole different Deal.


And there was no discussion whatsoever of elements of pain or BDSM or power play. There you go. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, God, that's right. For a heterosexual young male, the fact that they put hurt naked facing us as opposed to the guy on the other side, you're like, okay, cool. But you know, the other thing about pornography, I like it, is that it, in a young brain, this, this is very important and it relates to everything we're talking about today. From about age zero to 25, your brain is incredibly plastic. It's modified by experience, just by being in those experiences. When You say plastic, you mean it's more like, it's not solid yet. That's right. You can literally plasticity wire neurons, plasticity. You can wire neurons, southern neurons very readily. I mean, this was known for a long time, but it was really formalized by my scientific great grandparents, David Hubel and Thornton Weasel.


They won a Nobel Prize for showing that if you take it cat a monkey or a kid, and you close one eyelid for just a few hours each day, the brain becomes blind to visual input through that eye. Once you open the eye up, unless you do something else like close the other eye in order to reverse that plasticity. However, if today I just, wow. Yeah. That's how fast and permanent it is unless you do something to reverse it. But if I did that same thing to you now, or me now, there'd be no brain change. You close your eye, obviously you can't see through a closed eye pop open the eyelid later. You see just fine. So we know that from a until about age 25, the brain just modifies itself based on experience.


So if you're doing cocaine, amphetamine, or let's just stay with this example, you're watching high intensity violent porn with more than two people. Right. You know, we forget that every time you add another person, you know, it's two women and one guy, or it's, you know, four, what's this woman on x I, I mean, I have to say it makes, it gives me, makes me sick. An aversive response. Yeah. Which I think is the healthy response every time makes me sad. She announces, I think she's like sleeping with a hundred and then a thousand people. And listen, she's obviously in control of her own. She's, She's a western conference Right now. I think I, I saw the other day. I don Dunno what Barbara, is it Barbara Blue? Bonnie Blue. Bonnie Blue, yeah. Bonnie, I mean this Bonnie Blue. This is like methamphetamine with heroin. And you know, you get the picture.


It is starting to layer in all these different things. Yeah. And so the young, you think about the young male brain in particular, young female brain watching this stuff. And it's not just setting a behavioral expectation. 'cause we always hear about that. You know, they, they think sex is like that and it's not. It's setting this incredibly high threshold for what they consider stimulating. Ah, not just stimulating sexually, but stimulating mentally. Oh yeah. I mean, I mean, it's crazy. It's like, you know, listen, I like playing cards every once in a while. So you go play a car play card game with your friends. It'd be like the first time you play cards, you got a million bucks, you know, you're, or you're back there in the high state. You're in like the Dana White room. Right?


Like I know, like when I see sometimes his gambling hands, right? He, he's, oh, it's wild, but he can afford to play. Right. And he also knows where that fits into the rest of his life. But you think about a, a kid, you know, you have a chance to win a, you know, a million dollars. Actually, there's this scene in that movie that show, remember succession? Yes. A show that it's all about dopamine. This family of rich brats who are completely corrupt. Everything's about more, more, more dopamine has been called in a, in a book, I forget the author, the Molecule of More. It's all about wanting more. And there's this dreadfully sad scene where they go out to play a, I think it was like a baseball game or something. And they bring their, their garden help, and they take the kid and they say, Hey, if you can hit a home run these people's kids, people are clearly, oh yeah.


And they say, if you hit a home run, you have a million dollars. And you see the anticipation, this would transform these kids and their parents' life. And then he doesn't get the million dollars and they give him like, some watch that's probably worth $25,000. This is dopamine reward prediction error in a, in a nutshell, had they given him the watch, the family probably would've been pretty thrilled. They could sell it. They could use it had they not been involved in the game. Their dopamine is the same as when they go home at night, but they had a chance at a million dollars. Yeah. And when they didn't get that, it drops them below baseline. And then you see the kid that evening, like sitting around his apartment just completely despondent with the watch, sitting there as if it was worth nothing.


Nothing. That's dopamine. And when you think about pornography, that's what young people are being exposed to. So their first sexual experiences not only are quite different, remember pornography is about, obviously people are getting aroused by watching other people have sex. Oh yeah. And you know, I don't know what kind of sex people are having out there, but in my experience, you know, the whole, the whole business of sex and learning how to have great sex is about learning to be in the, in the experience with somebody. And it's a communication, it's an ongoing communication. And it's about being in the experience, being present, not watching someone else have sex. Oh yeah. I was thinking the other day watching some other dude, like have sex with a woman.


It's kind of, I don't even know if it's homo erotic. I don't know what it is. It's definitely when you really, when you take a step back from it, it's a little bizarre. It's definitely intrusive. Right. But for surely it alters the way that you think about things. I mean, I know in my own life, I got exposed to pornography real early. I would bike across town to get a little look at some pornos, perfectly Normal behavior for a young male. Pretty normal. I was breaking into houses to fricking, you know, get a, That's, I had friends like you growing up. Where did you grow up? Louisiana. I had friends growing up. I mean, in the, in south, south Bay. Palo Alto was pretty tame. But when we, when I started getting into the skateboard thing. Oh, for sure. Yeah. You know, we drew from kids from all over and, and listen, I'm very grateful for that early exposure. Oh yeah. To that.


It's easy to jerk off to if you got some good graffiti after. Oh, no, I meant early exposure to kids that from all walks of life. But I knew kids like you breaking into houses. Oh, You know, dude. Yeah, I remember. Yeah. It would be crazy. Would like, you know. Yeah. Just like breaking in, just like, yeah, we made some poor choices. But I think the fact that, here's one thing I noticed for myself, right? So, well, I had like a lot of dis like, I had kind of a disorder I guess, where like, I had some intimacy issues where I couldn't, I'd had like some issues like just like probably with my mom from growing up of not having a connection. And so if a woman, if I got around a woman, I got very nervous. Right? It was like a very extremely nervous, right.


So I think it made it, like, once I saw a pornography, I was like, okay, well here's a way that I can be near a woman or near as a female where I can have some form of intimacy without having to have a real person there. So that for one, for me was, it was okay. It made sense that it, that that's how I adapted to it as a kid, or how I understood it as a kid, it makes sense. But as an adult it didn't help me at a certain point. And then the secondary part for me was, you know, you would just see, you would see sex like in images or scenes or a way a camera's set up. And so then that's how you start to think of, of intimacy.


It's like, you know, it's like, okay, well we have to do this scene. You know, it's not like you would stage things around your room or anything. You didn't have any cameras or anything, but you would just, like, you thought of each thing as like a scene or a scenario. So yeah. You're not out there shooting baskets. You're trying to like recreate the NBA final, you know? Right. Your, and that's a lot, that's a lot of pressure. You know? So it was a ton of pressure. So it was like, and you almost couldn't even, yeah. There was no real connection. So that, for me was a real cul-de-sac of like, trying to figure out how to evolve, like, intimately, you know? And, and, and, and it's, it's, some of that's taken a long time to get through and different, like cla like, not classes, but like Ayahuasca really helped me a lot.


Yeah. Helped you, different medicines helped a lot with like, just unbinding, all that anxiety that was just like this young person who just didn't know how to relate to females, you know? You know.


So I've been speaking recently about moon pay and what it is and what it ain't baby. 'cause you know, I've, I've had that, I've been, I've had one foot in crypto and one foot out over the years. I'm walking that line, you know. But I'm not gonna stop telling you about Moon Pay because it's where I'm at now. It's what's brought me back into the crypto game. Moon pay powers the entire world of crypto. Some people say they are the PayPal of crypto. Seriously. Nearly every crypto app you're using or thinking about using uses Moon pay to let you buy crypto with your favorite payment methods, including credit cards, debit cards, Venmo, and even PayPal. Moon Pay is partnered with Backpack, a self custodial wallet built for Solana and many blockchains. Backpack prioritizes user experience and security and partnered with Moon Pay. So you can now buy and sell crypto using most major payment methods. Remember, while Moon Pay makes buying crypto straightforward, and while I enjoy using it for my crypto choices, it's essential to do your own research and understand the risks involved. Crypto trading can be volatile and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is a tool to facilitate your transactions. Not a source of financial advice. Trade responsibly.


It's that time of year baby. It's, the season is ahead that sunlight season. And they say the sun is gonna be brighter than ever. They say this will be one of the hottest summers on record down in New Orleans. So you want to make sure that you're prepared with a pair of rays, pair of eye coverings that have got you covered. Our friends at Shady Rays have you covered with premium polarized shades that won't break the bank. Shady Rays is an independent sunglasses company offering a world class product rated five stars by over 300,000 people. Their shades have durable frames and crystal clear optics, making them the perfect choice for all outdoor adventures. And exclusively for our listeners, Shady Rays is giving out their best deal. Head to Shady Rays dot com and use code Theo for 35% off polarized sunglasses. Just try for yourself the shades. Rated five stars by over 300,000 people. Go to Shady Rays S-H-A-D-Y-R-A-Y s.com and use code Theo to get 35% off polarized sunglasses.


You know, this is gonna sound crazy because it's June. Pretty much, pretty much. It's almost June and I'm still recovering from the Christmas holidays. That's just who I am. I'm still recovering from the previous, I just, I never, I never put it all together after that, to be very honest with you. And, you know, overall life in general can be chaotic, but if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that that is its own special kind of chaos. Unless you're rocking with ShipStation. ShipStation helps you be able to count on your day to day remaining calm. Our experience with ShipStation has been monumental from using it to help us get out of our original relationship with shipping and with organizing with our website and with our Merch Calm The Chaos of Order Fulfillment with shipping software that delivers Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com slash theo to sign up for your free trial. That's ShipStation dot com slash THEO.


Yeah, I think it's a really important conversation, if I may. I mean, yeah, it's huge. Listen now, like I said, I'm 49 now, but you know, I am forever grateful to my first girlfriend. I was a virgin when she and I started sleeping together. She had slept with this other guy. All I knew about him was, he was like some buff football player. I'm like the skinny skateboard kid. Oh dude. My first girlfriend slept with a dude before me who wore a cape, dude a fucking Well that you wore a cape. He, yeah. Like, fuck Dude. What the Heck? Yeah, listen, I mean, I remember going into that like any young male thinking like, my goodness, you know, this is like, is a lot of pressure. And one of the things I'm so grateful to her for is, you know, we were able to talk a bit at first.


No. You know, is just like you, you're just want it to go perfect, right? Yes. You just want it to go perfect. And I will say one of the huge mistakes people make, maybe we can save some, some people, some men and women, young, young men and women, some serious stress. One of the huge mistakes people make is to try and take that edge off with alcohol. Oh, first of all is starts to really muddy all the consent stuff. So you're already like, you're already playing with fire. Right? Because you know when people are inebriated, there's all, they're not in their right mind. Yeah. Right. So the other thing is that by chemically removing that stress, you, many people come to depend on those chemicals to relax. Oh. And they don't learn the skills.


Right. 'cause I always joke, you know, now not, it's not a joke, it's serious. You know, nowadays, like every young male who wants to like get a little bit, you know, jacked is like, should I take TR TN Theo? I'm like, dude, you're 25. You're already filled with testosterone. They're like, yeah, but you know, when you're like, learn how to train, learn how to eat, and when you're in your late forties, talk to a doctor, freeze some sperm. 'cause it's gonna shut down your sperm production. Maybe then. But like, just chill. And in the same way it's like, I think there's immense pressure. There's also something that's happening now that I hear about a lot, which is from the beginning of time women have talked to one another. Okay. I had the, Oh yeah. Chatty Cathy, you heard of that term? No. Is that what it's called?


Yeah. It's a famous term. Who brought it up? I'm, let's get to the bottom of that term really quick because people have heard it a lot and it, you don't know where it really started. Do we know the, the phrase Chatty Cathy originally came from the name of popular talking doll manufactured by Mattel in the 1960s. The do's pollster string mechanism played prerecorded phrases when the string was activated. Like, you don't make any money or you get your own dinner. Look at it. I made those up, but damn, Kathy's a vibe. Look at her. She said A buck tooth, A little buck tooth there. Yeah. Back when you get a good British gal. But go on. Was there anything left on that information over time? The term chatty Kathy became a common idiom to describe someone who is especially talkative.


Yeah. And I'm just joking ladies. But, but that's interesting where that came from. I never knew, always heard that. I never heard that term, you know, so I had the great benefit and the disadvantage as well of having a sister. Right. Okay. Having a sister is great. 'cause you don't think women are weird. Like, I grew up with a girl living next door to me, my sister, we shared a bathroom, all that. But I also heard the way her and her friends talk about boys. And so from a young age, I was like, man, I can't make a mistake on a first date. I gotta do everything perfect 'cause it's gonna be the rundown. But back then there was no social media. Now young guys tell me they are terrified to go out on dates because let's say they do something wrong.


Let's say they're less than perfect, they are very concerned it's gonna end up on some site. Oh yeah. And they're gonna be shamed. And I'll tell you, I do think, and of course I take the male perspective 'cause that's the only body I've ever lived in. But I do think that a lot of the complaints about, you know, young, you know, there are no men today, young, young males, like in the twenties and thirties, you know, a lot of these guys are, are terrified because they feel like everything's potentially gonna become public. Yeah. Positive or negative. And I hear a lot from young males about the pornography question about all this. And I, I, like, there's one kid that I was kind of mentored over time. I've known him since he was a little kid and now he's in his twenties and he's doing great in life. But he's had his, his challenges and he, I'll tell you, it's really interesting.


He said to me, he goes, look, you know, it's hard good looking kid. He is Right now he's working construction and he is, he's doing great. And he said, look, it's hard to find someone who just kind of want to keeps your relationship just the two of you private. Yeah. But he did, he he had a girlfriend and she wasn't the one. So he found one and they have a closed container they call it. Mm. You know, it's like the new, new language or something. And he's like, man, it's awesome. And he's like, you know, if I'm nervous about something related to intimacy, we talk about it. Turns out she's nervous too. And he feels super safe. And, but he had to literally anti that up because where he went to school, I won't say where he went to school. 'cause he'll murder, he'll murder me.


Yeah. But you know, it's Arizona State. It's like the opposite Arizona state. Right. Exactly. There, there's all this stuff about people talking behind the scenes and then posting it to the internet. Oh. Oh yeah. And that's enough. And so that drives guys more into the, the loneliness, isolation porn and substance abuse. And so I'm not blaming women here. I'm not blaming men here. I'm just saying that we, when it comes to intimacy, everybody's nervous about that. Right. When I was a kid, there was like Dr. Ruth and there were those books, and then you had this thing called experience. Right. And you'd have to, well that went well. That went less well. That went really well. And then over time you learn how to have the communication and enjoy yourself in it. Yeah. Now you, But it's hard, it's difficult. Now you can have a thing where it's like, say you go out on a date with a girl and then they, they could make a video.


Like, oh, this guy tried to kiss me. What a lose. Just like, but I guess guys could do that too. But just, just the risk of that on either side. It's like then that wins. You know? It's like, how many times are we gonna let technology defeat? What just means being human? Right. And like, and at what point do we start to choose like, Hey, I'm gonna make a moral like AdChoices for myself and whoever I'm gonna date with, maybe have a talk with 'em first or something like, you know. But it's like every time it's like technology is the one that seems to like take away, like things that used to be so real to us. Yeah. Because then you're both in a cave, you're both just masturbating or whatever. And you're both like broken hearted in a, in some semblance it seems like.


Is that crazy to say that? No, I, I, I don't think so at all. I mean, listen, text messages, I, I hate telling people this, but like, everything you text is potentially public. Yeah. I don't care if you're a public facing AKA famous person or not. And that terrifies people at the same time. You know, there can be great intimacy through writing. You know, my first girlfriend and I wrote each other letters for years, for years. I still have letters from girlfriends. You know, I cherish those. Love. I, I don't break 'em out too often. If you have a new girlfriend, you ba basically, you gotta hide those away pretty carefully. But I assume anyone I date's got those, you know, from their former relationships. Yeah. Every now and then you and I'm not bothered by that. I mean, that's part of their Experience. No's nice to go get 'em out. But I agree, man. I get nervous. 'cause sometimes like for a date or something I would like to do, well let, let's do a zoom call or something first because it's like, you know, especially if we live a little bit away from each other, let's see if we even talk well or something.


But then you're worried like, well is somebody recording this or what's going on? Yes, they're Recording It. I'm just kidding. It could be. I mean, listen, well the old stereotype was girls feared getting slut shamed. Right. Guys feared getting dork shamed. Like loser shamed. Yeah. Right. Big, you know, they, they, it's been said in by the evolutionary biologist. Donny's A loser dude. Well, and they speculate a lot. But the evolutionary biologist will say, you know, woman's greatest fear is violence from a man. Man's greatest fear is being laughed at by a woman. Oh God. God. Right. And, and Right. Exactly. And so there's this battle nowadays. I'm glad we're talking about this 'cause there's this kind of unspoken battle between the masculine and feminine forces.


Well it's just funny. Can you say that? 'cause it, I just realized that the majority of my childhood was some woman. I don't even know who it was. Laughing in the distance in my head. Oh man. Well, and Like, especially when I got in a ity and that kind of time of time. Well, and there's nothing that feels better than, you know, feeling like you can deeply satisfy your partner and they're devoted to you and you're devoted to them. It's a wonderful, I mean, that's the stuff that, you know, love and marriages and families and to be direct great sex are made of. Right. But this is one of the most important conversations to our audience because I think this is the thing that's, it's killed, you know, relationships are falling up. It's like, if we don't, if this doesn't get fixed now, it's gonna be, I think it's, you know, societies can change and end really fast.


Especially with like, technology now, to me it's, it's just like we're at a crucial moment. I mean, for relationships. I totally agree. I mean, you know, young guys approach me a lot about the porn thing, about concern, about like, are they gonna be shamed on one of these sites if they, you know, do something wrong? Or, or, and I'm not talking about like wrong, like they were forceful. I'm talking about wrong. Like they, they made a mistake. Yeah. Or they said something dumb or, you know, I think a lot of Is That one Nick? Didn't you have a site you're pulling up, this is one right here. Are we dating the same guy? Women turn to Facebook to uncover cheating and violence experts say use of groups to warn others about Dangerous Men is indictment on government's failure to keep women safe.


This is from The Guardian. So it's obviously very pro the groups, but there's negative consequences like people being reported just for dating multiple women that they're not exclusive with and stuff like that. But it's also, it's very pro who you said The Guardian is very pro the app as like an empowerment for women the way they can stay safe. Yeah. Well I I think apps that protect people against violence are great. I think that, you know, if you look at the data on infidelity in and out of marriage, it's equally distributed between men and women. Okay. It's equally dis distributed. Yeah. So, so there's no, there's no men sheet more than women. It's, it's, it's clearly equally distributed. So the data played out over and over again. You look at divorce data, but you just look at self-report data, all different forms of data collection that really orient towards honesty.


'cause people lie all the time in studies and statistics. Yeah. But point to that, I think that, you know, the, the most important thing really, if we're talking about forming intimacy, whether or not sexual intimacy, emotional intimacy or both, is that people feel that their communications are vaulted between them. Right. What faulted mean, vaulted means it's just between them. What happened, what ah, yeah. What what's exchanged between them stays, stays Between them. Well that's, that's intimacy in its own right is That's right. That it's something here. It's, it's between us. Right. That's Right. I mean, I, you know, I have a half joking solution to this, but I'm only half joking. Oh yeah, for sure. And, and I should say I've had some great relationships and I've had some not great relationships.


Right. I'm on great terms with most all of my ex-girlfriends, you know, and I'm so grateful to especially one from about, it was a long relationship, about seven years where she really taught me how to like, have the uncomfortable conversation. Wow. And, and I'm still learning. Right. And we're still good friends, but I'll, I'll tell you one of the, the solutions to this men find a good lesbian friend. Hmm. You wanna really understand where you're strong, where you're weak, and you wanna learn to just kind of relax around women. Be around a woman that you have no chance of sleeping with. That buddy oyster bro.


You know, I have a couple of lesbian friends and I'll tell you, I've always had a couple of lesbian friends. I'm, I'm convinced lesbians are gonna save us all. God, I gotta get one. They are, you know, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, and you gotta get it outta your head that you're gonna sleep with them. Yes. Because these are what we call platinum star lesbians. They're interested in women and Women owned. Oh yeah. I'm talking a chicken, a Westbrook jersey. Okay. So, and they, it's interesting because they have an amazing perspective on men that's from a women's perspective. Mm. And they also have an amazing perspective on women. Yeah. They can say things like, she's crazy, Andrew, you date her, you're gonna be in pain. And they can also say things like, she seems pretty cool. I would date her except she's not into women. And you Ooh, That's good. Women Can see things in women that men can't see.


Men can see things in men that obviously women can't see. I mean, I grew up in a big pack of guys. Like, I only hit bullseye when it comes to assessment of friends and business partners, men and women. But you know, with men, I can just tell he's a sociopath. He's cool, he's not cool. I can just tell It's like a sixth sense. The other thing, you know, across the, the sexes, you know, a macca monkey blindfolded on LSD, God has better optics. And I don't think I'm alone in that. Right. Because we get stirred, it's not all about the anticipation of sex. It's that the, the styles of communication are different. The way that stories and information is turned into things by one sex, and it's like a whole different world.


Lesbians normalize all of this and they're extremely direct. And some of my best friends are lesbians. I I love them to death. I I would, We gotta get some damn lesbians over Here. So lesbians are gonna save us all, man. Yeah. I Love that. Yeah. That would be a great musical. Lesbians are gonna save us all. And I believe that. I would love to see that. And I think that, yeah, I think there is this, you know, for a while there people were like, gays and gays and, you know, don't be gay and that kind of stuff. Probably like 50 years ago that was like a thing, you know? And then, but now I think one of the, one of the neat things about gay folks is there are that they have like a special recipe, you know, that's built Into them.


Well, gay men haven't worked out. Like I have a good friend I've known since childhood. It was, was wild. 'cause he basically slept with like more women than any of us in high School. He's a gay gentleman. He ended up being gay. Wow. Went off to college. He, he's as, he's as gay as could be. Yeah. And, you know, and the communication, he's explained, like the communication in the gay community, gay male community. I don't so easy. So. Well it is just very direct. Right. People ask for sex if they want, they say no if they don't want to and want lunch. Yeah. Want to come. Yeah. I mean, that's it. It's A, it It straight Up, I mean the stereotype is, it matches, there are some Mary Gay couples, obviously monogamous, et cetera. But it, it aligns with all the, the male stereotypes of promiscuous multiple partners. That's, that's the kind of stereotype, right? Yeah.


You Know, it's grill and cum. That'd be, that'd be my team. Dude. If you had a gay flag football team in college, dude. Oh man. For the, for for at the rec center grill. And come You, you wanna hear some, some wild data on homosexuality and hormones? Yeah. Okay. So years ago when I was a graduate student at Berkeley, I was part of a study. I wasn't the main author that looked at finger length ratios and homosexuality in men and women and how much testosterone was in utero. Now I don't want anyone to freak out and just start staring at their fingers, but because it has to be measured correctly. All right. Alright. So, so if you hold, if you hold up your right hand, like I'm holding up my right hand, my ring finger here is a little bit longer than my pointer finger.


Lemme See. Okay. Which one's ring finger? Yeah. So turn, but turn it the other way around for me. Yeah. Okay. So your ring finger's a little bit longer than your pointer finger. Yeah. Okay. That is the typical heterosexual male pattern. Okay. Now people are gonna be like, this is bullshit. Listen, this has been replicated more than five times in humans. Okay. So on the right hand. And, and you don't, sometimes they look a little more equal. What Is replicated? Five generations. Yeah. Five different studies have repeated this. Okay. And it holds up every single time. So, and, and if sometimes you have to measure from that first crease on the palm side. Oh. 'cause it's cheap. But if we were to measure it, yeah. So, so this, this pointer finger is smaller than the ring finger. Okay. It's called the D two to D four ratio. Okay. Scientists are super nerdy.


Okay. Turns out that if you look at gay men, men that identify as gay, there, there, there are very few men that identify as bisexual actually. Right. But if you look gay, gay men, that difference is much more pronounced, much bigger. They have a hyper male pattern. Now it can't be due to behavior. Right. Yeah. You could say, well, they're having sex with a lot more people. Sex increases testosterone. No, it's directly related to how much testosterone you were exposed to in utero when you were in your mommy's belly. Now Can you get exposed to testosterone in your mom's belly if someone ejaculates into the mom? That hasn't been looked at, but I don't think so.


There's a lot to talk about about your put hand down. Yeah. So yeah, you can put that hand down. I put this one up. So gay gay men have a hyper male pattern that the index finger, excuse me, the pointer finger tends to be relatively shorter than the ring finger. So, So the pointer finger is shorter than the ring finger. Yeah. Pointer. Yeah. Point on the right hand. The right hand is where it's, there you go see? So, yep. Yeah, yeah. There you go. O fuck. Okay, so actually it's close. Well, no, no, your's. It's a very small difference in everyone. Okay. But in, but in gay men, it tends to move much greater now. So in the gay men, the the pointer fingers is, is a little bit more shorter than the ring finger. Correct. Wow. And we're not talking about absolute, we're talking about less gay, the ratio. Okay, now check this out.


Now check it out. Lesbians tend to have the same pattern as hetero heterosexual men. Which is not to say they are men. Right. Believe me, I got lesbian friends. They are women. A lot of people, when they hear lesbian, they think of like a, a sort of cartoon stereotype of lesbian. Yeah. They're a lot. Trust me. Oh yeah. There are a lot of different lesbian, actually my lesbian friends recently have been trying to school me on how you spot a lesbian. Ooh. Turns out there's all sorts of interesting things that the lesbian community is gonna get. Not supposed to give away these secrets. It's kinda like magicians, you know, but let's just say like, number of rings and stuff is our like interesting correlates. Okay. Love the lesbian community. Yeah. We gotta find some good lesbians, man in the future.


So, So here's what's wild. Yeah. The more older brothers a guy has, the more testosterone he's exposed to in utero and the higher probability it, it is that he'll be gay. Wow. Now that's not always the case. It doesn't mean you have five older brothers, you'll be gay, but much higher probability of being gay. If you have more older brothers with each older brother. The probability of a male baby growing up into a gay man increases significantly. Gosh. Okay. Super interesting. Now all of this is interesting because it shows that there's organ, what we call organizational effects of hormones in utero. None of this can be because of behavior. In fact, these differences are present at birth. Okay. Okay. And then of course, the question I asked when I was on the study is if I would chop off my index finger, does my testosterone go up?


The answer is no. So, you know, when, so when we think about like partner selection, like, you know, heterosexual, homosexual, you know, I think years ago it was thought that this was, you know, there were still people that thought this was a behavioral choice. Listen, news flash. This is clearly a biological phenomenon. Okay. None of this clearly, like, you know, and, and I understand that there, but there's, but there's of course also flexibility. You could imagine that some people because of experience decide that they're gonna, you know, bat for the other team. Oh, for sure. You know, a lot of my gay friends, like, it's not AdChoices. Right. It's just like, it's who you are. And I'm like, well why after you've had a drink, are you trying to get me to choose it? That's a thing for me.


That's a very good point. It's a reverse psychology. They're trying to trick you or something. Wiener trick. That's interesting. My lesbian friends have never tried to convince me to be a lesbian. But the, but I Don't blame gay dudes if they, 'cause I think the ulti, the ultimate thing you can get as a gay dude is a straight dude. You know, that's the hot Chick. Well, okay, so in the, I can't speak for lesbians, but my close lesbian friends tell me that also. Yeah. Like flipping somebody. Yeah. And that for them is like considered a trophy, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But you know, so the last sort of study in this there A, they're catching a big foot or whatever. There's a, a neuroscientist by the name of Simon LaVey, who years ago looked in the brain for brain differences between gay and straight men.


And he found one, there's a little area of the hypothalamus called the inters, the interstitial nucleus of the anterior hypothalamus area four that is different in size between gay men and straight men. Wow. And you know, it's hard to argue that that comes from behavior. It could have the, the, the, the problem with that study is they got the brains from deceased AIDS patients and AIDS is a known neurodegenerative condition. Ah. So, you know, there's no perfect study of any of this. I don dunno how we got into this, but I think basically we're talking about lesbians are gonna save us all. But, you know, one, one thing that I think is so important about the work you do, and seriously, one of the reasons I wanted to come here today is because you are normalizing conversations about addiction, porn, sex intimacy.


You know, you asked why po I think you answered your question earlier. Why is podcasting so big and important now? 'cause you're not gonna get this kind of conversation on a legacy news channel. They're gonna bring in somebody who's like the expert and they're gonna talk about things from the perspective of never having done them. They're not gonna reveal anything about themselves. Yeah. And here we are kind of, you know, like, like, you know, brushing up against the barbed wire of some of these topics in an effort to really talk about them because this is what a lot of people are struggling. Yeah. Some of that enemies, that intimacy disorder stuff was a nightmare for me because when I was in my twenties, I was so nervous around women that I, I, like, a lot of times I had erectile dysfunction. You know, could You talk to your partner about it?


Probably back then it was probably taboo, right? Oh Yeah. No, I think I just felt defeated. You know, it felt very much like, damn, something's wrong with me. I don't know what's wrong with me. You know? And it was like, I remember I had, it's funny because kind of with like my first girlfriend, I didn't really have it. And then it started to happen. And then the same thing happened with my second girlfriend. And then after that, once I kind of got into like age 23, it was, or like 24, it was like a problem for a long time. So I was, it was like A bug in your brain. Oh Yeah. So once it was like, I knew it was there, then it was like always this thing. So, oh fuck, I can't even for, I, I, I forgot about all these nightmare times where you'd be on a date and you'd be like, how's this date going?


And then like, are we gonna get like intimate? Then what's gonna happen? And I would like, you know, I remember like, I would eat like, you know, those gas station wiener pills. Like man, you know, like black attacks. Do those work 40 or whatever. I've seen them on the calendar. No, They don't work, dude. I think they're all just caffeine and stimulus was, Oh Bro. Can't, can't be good. Can't be good. One of them I took, yeah. Oh man. Just assuming on some of those now that's DayQuil. I mean, that's not gonna help anybody. Yeah. Triple Green Rhino 87, macho man, white black guy. That's a crazy name for one. Wait, what? Yeah, I made that up. Oh, okay. I didn't see that. There. I, I have a visual defect or something.


Oh yeah. Body beast or whatever, king Kong. But nowadays a lot of this has worked out because, you know, the, the drug to fil also known as Cialis, was developed as a way to increase blood flow to the prostate. By the way, every male 35 or older, this was suggested by the director of male sexual health at Stanford School of Medicine, Mike Eisenberg. So I'm not just pulling this out of, you know, nowhere. Every male, 35 or older should probably be on a low dose, 2.5 to five milligrams of tadalafil per in the evening. It's very inexpensive. It does require a prescription. Why? Because the prostate needs blood flow. Mm. And it also serves, you know, it has this pro erectile function, right?


And, and of course one has to do all the other things correctly. You gotta be sleepy, exercising, et cetera. Also, a lot of guys think they should be doing kegels. You know that thing where you're like, yeah, You don kind tight, that actually will tighten your pelvic floor and block blood flow to the penis and make erection more difficult. Hadn't been doing that. Yeah. So they did, you know, a lot of this stuff wasn't taught. Yeah, I remember. I would take some of 'em so much sometime. I remember one time I was trying to like perform, like have sex with this gal or something. And my, I'd taken so many of those winter pills, my nose just started bleeding. Oh No. All Over this woman. And I was like, oh no, What is happening? She, did she freak out? Huh? I don't know. Was it Miami? Everybody, we had like a belly full of crab or whatever, but it was like this nice crab place. But it was like, and my nose just blew.


It was just like, that was crazy. But it, the, it, it just became this crazy dance in my head where it was like wiener pills trying to be normal. Like trying to calm down, like putting ice in my shirt. Just all these things to like chill. Like just be able to be normal for sex. That shit was a nightmare. Yeah. I Mean, it was a nightmare. And then you're stuck in this universe where that is becomes like your whole battle. And then you get afraid to even talk to girls sometimes or relate to 'em. 'cause you're like, well what, you know, if I take a girl down this road and it's not able to work out, then Who am I? Then where am I at? You know? Yeah. And She was, and then the imagine that, but layered on top of that is the fear of being shamed by, oh, listen, I don I don't know that I sh you know, I'm just gonna bring it up.


I don't know the specifics, but I remember hearing a few years ago, there was a comedian who was like, shamed for being bad in bed or something. Was this like, and that was one of the first kind. It was, he was kind of canceled for being bad in bed. Mm. Wasn't that, that was, I don't know. All right. Well, and listen, if there was like, coercive stuff or whatever, I don't know. But I wasn't there obviously, obviously you didn't read the article either, but I think, you know, you layer on top the fear of being shamed. Right. And all of a sudden, you know, like you, you're talking about like collapsing a a a young male's existence. I mean, you know, I think, yeah. I, like I said for the fourth time, forgive me for repeating myself. 49. So I I you looked Young, man. Thanks man. I feel good. Well, listen, I quit drinking. I never drank that much.


But also I've been doing things that I love. I was gonna say that one of the things that'll keep you young is dopamine. Really, not from pharmacology, but being in pursuit of things that you love. Let's Positive anticipation. But I think that, let's Go into that in just a second, but let's finish out this Yeah. What you were saying. Yeah. I think that, you know, I benefited tremendously from being open. That's it. With that first girlfriend. Yes. That, that first girlfriend just saying, hey, like, you know, like, she had this like buff boyfriend in another school. But actually it was wild because he ended up killing himself. And that was years later. Oh yeah. And I remember thinking this guy was like the football hero, right?


Oh, he ended up committing suicide. And I remember thinking, wow. I thought in my mind he was like, couldn't be outdone, right? Yeah. And so talking to her, I remember her just saying like, first she said something like, we were kids, right? We were like 16, you know, and she said, you know, you're, you're wonderful. And I remember thinking like, I don't wanna be called wonderful. Like, I'm trying to get good at this thing. Yeah. Right. And I think if I've learned anything, like if I could send like a, a like all points bulletin out, it's like everything we know about the erectile response is that it's what we call parasympathetic. It comes from the relaxation response. Orgasm is related to, it's almost like a stress of sorts. It's pleasureful, but high arousal. Yeah. The key to all of it is a lot of exhales, a lot of nasal breathing.


And just slow the whole thing down. Yeah. Slow the whole thing down that you, you, you know, later, once you're comfortable with somebody, if you got like five minutes and you're gonna like go for the, the quickie thing Right. In the kitchen before you leave to work. Okay. That, that's a, that's a whole program. Right. Okay. That's like that, that guy lethal shooter on Instagram, the guy can make a basket from anywhere. Like he worked up to that. Right. The, what you're trying to do is slow down the whole thing, like, and get into sensation. You gotta get outta your head. Yes. Now it's one thing to say get outta your head, it's another to do it. So the whole process there starts, which just only going so far as then you, you communicate with the first slow it down.


These things have a real beauty to them. Because when people start entering that dance and communicating well with one another, all of a sudden, like the magic of biology takes over God. Yeah. And then someone thinks, oh, well now it's gonna go back. Then you just kind of restart and do the whole thing. And nowadays, I think young males go quickly. They're like, I'm gonna take 20 milligrams. Its a dial. Fill this out. Listen, that probably would help. But learning how to do this, this thing that we call intimacy. Right? I mean, intimacy is a lot of things, but knowing that what's happening there is between the two of you. And that also means you guys, 'cause you know, there's also been a long history of men talking about all the women they slept with. And then that doesn't feel good necessarily to other women.


Yeah. Oh, for sure. You know, I think so the real, the the art of intimacy is something that we've lost. And listen, I'm not saying that all sexes has this element, you know, sometimes people just want to get together and get raw. Like, but that's, that's a, you know, that's an advanced skill that you may or may not want to engage in. Right. And I think that slowing the whole thing down, like, Hey, we're gonna be together in bed four times before we ever actually have intercourse. Like, that's weird to look at. I say that, but you know what I'm talking about. No. Yeah. All know. It would've been great. This is the kind of thing that can transform not only avoids problems, but can transform your notion of like, what's possible in relationships. Oh yeah. Oh, I had to work slow, slow, slow, slow.


And then once that intimacy is set, then there can be some, you know, more adventurous exploration at speed, but Right. You know, it's all about baseline. It's all about slowing that thing down. Slowing the whole process down. Yeah. Dude, I rem, oh dude, I remember this fricking my girlfriend at the time, I was like, I thought I couldn't get an erection, right? So I had her call me a different name, like, we're making out. That was your, that was your solution. Well This dude Robert in our, in our grade was getting mad erections. Everybody was saying it. And I'd be like, call him. And I, oh, this is so embarrassing, but I'd like, call me Robert. Call me Robert. And it didn't fucking help. And she's like, it was just the most embarrassing.


That shit was super embarrassing, dude. Because even if I was Robert, I couldn't even get an erection at the time. So that was horrible. Trying to think of what else happened, dude. Oh, I've gone, I mean, you know, over the years I've gone, you know, down the gamut of all of it. Like hiring escorts or you know, thinking like, oh, we need more than one part. Like all that. Like just thinking like all these things would change it. You know, drugs, alcohol, like all these different things to like trying to fine tune how I would feel. Okay. I think even just to be in like a conversa. Like just to be like in an intimate conversation. Like, oh, I wished I would've from the beginning been like just with a girl, I've been, hey, like this is what's going on and this is how I'm feeling and this is what's popping.


You know? Yeah. And like, and even made it cool or whatever. And it would've brought us closer together. But instead I took this huge bypass of like things that I thought would, like, I thought that intimacy was just a one man show. Whoa. That, yeah. You know, it's so important what you're saying, that it was all your responsibility. Does That make any sense Or not? Yeah. Listen, newsflash men and women, there are women who are great in bed and there are women who are not great in bed. Oh yeah. You know, there are great lovers who are women. There are not great lovers. I'll tell you what makes a great female lover. Yeah. Somebody who can relax and enjoy herself. And part of that is the communication. And also somebody who's tuned into what works for you.


You know, it took me a long time. 'cause I listen, I think all young men deal with this, right? You want to perform well. And it's interesting, you mentioned Robert and I mentioned this other guy that sadly, eventually killed himself. But every young male knows the experience of there's like this satellite male, you're holding yourself up against this image and an idea, right? This image and an idea that's very dangerous thinking. You know what I think, I think that every male should understand that at some point you're the satellite male. Oh, you're the satellite male. So you gotta get out of that kind of thinking and understand that like, like dancing, like athletics, like it takes time to get good at, you need reps. Yeah. And you need reps under conditions where you can learn.


You know, I think, you know, it sounds like you put the pressure on yourself to be like a sexual athlete from go and like you gotta learn lay layups, no pun intended. You gotta learn the, your free throws, you gotta learn Lay downs, brother. I look at all that pornography, that's what it was. I've been looking at all that par. Oh. You know, and it got me all bent out. Yeah. It's like, if you wanna play basketball, you don't go look at lethal shooter's Instagram and go, I'm gonna do that tomorrow. Yeah. I mean he built up to that, you know, so I think we're using an analogy here and metaphor, but I, it's just so important that this guy's, You pop at him right there. Lethal shooter, huh? Yeah. This kid, this guy is like, He's just like that, huh? Yeah. And I'll tell you No, it's reps, it's reps, reps, reps.


He did a live one night that I caught, well, really late at night when I was in New York. He's, he can visually measure the angle the ball has to go in. He's not shooting, he is shooting for the basket, but he's trying to put the ball in a cone of a particular angle. He's looking above the basket at the, at the angle. He needs to sink that thing. He'll put a gummy bear into a 16 ounce bottle from across a court. Damn. And then he yells at you for, for doubting him. Oh, I love that. What's he doing here? Oh, he is, what do they call that? Game Game Corn hole or corn. What a weird name for a game. Yeah. You wonder how it started? Boom. Look at this guy Beanbag. And He goes, I understand it now. So Yeah, he's really good.


That man lethal shooter right there. Yeah. He Reps, he worked up to that. And he didn't work up to it by picking up a basketball, metaphorically speaking and saying, okay, I gotta make this or else my life is destroyed and people are gonna be talking about it. Yeah. No. So I think there has to be a private world, an intimate world where people can explore in a healthy way, communicate in a healthy way, and know it's between them. And then you get to this beautiful vista with intimacy where you're like, I love this, or I love that. Yeah. And, you know, I mean, And it brings people together. Oh, I mean, listen, I mean, I, I wanna be respectful to, you know, my former partners, but, you know, it's one of these things where you go like, wow. Like I really, I really learned something from that person.


Now, of course, as a man, you also have to have a, an ego intact enough to know she learned a few things from somebody else too. Right? Right. Unless you, unless it's a first relationship, right. This notion that you're the only person that's ever been there is quite rare. And part of being a grown male is accepting that. And frankly, you know, different, different strokes for different folks, you know. But I think you gotta understand like, we're all, we're all here because either in a dish or in a human sperm met egg, okay, this drive that's dopamine driven and to reproduce and sex, the reason those things are so closely woven is, and that drives so much of culture and behavior and shame and addiction and pleasure and all this stuff is because it's why we're here.


Like, Right. This, Yeah. I mean, this is, this is, this is everything. And you know, now Elon and other people are talking about how the, you know, the, the replacement rate for humans is way, way down. 'cause we have birth control and people aren't having sex as much. I mean, it is possible that humans fail to replace themselves as a species, you know? And then you got guys like him who are trying to make up for that deficit. Oh yeah, he's popping off, dude. He's Got like, what, like 14 kids Or something? He'll knock up a fucking park and meter with that dude, you don't give a damn boy. He's the only dude who put, yeah, he put definitely, he'll, he'll get it. I wanna pivot a little bit. I saw an out, there's, we're starting to see stuff like I've been, I've been noticing recently these articles about measles.


Have you seen this stuff hitting the airwaves? Is that realistic? It just starts to seem, if you can see one of them, they can bring it up. Person may have spread measles at Shakira concert in MetLife stadium. Health officials say. Right? This just seems like a person who attended a Shakira concert at MetLife Stadium on May 15th was infected with measles. It may have spread the highly contagious virus at the event. Health officials say, this almost reads like the beginning of a movie, right? Yeah. Like highly contagious. Yep. Infected spread at a concert. So it makes it super scary, right? All these, but like all the viruses tend to spread more quickly indoors, measles can live in an aerospace for up to two hours.


And it's highly transmissible, especially amongst the unvaccinated. So this is an article, what's this in? This is north jersey.com, which is owned by s a today. Okay. Okay. Conventional media. So, So I'm just like, what is going on here? Are we are, are they just trying to see another thing that will stick to society? What do you, as a scientist, what do you even think when you read something like this? Okay. Super important. Specific and general question you're asking. First question as a scientist I would ask is, what was the frequency of people with measles coming into the hospital before there was a focus on measles? Got it. Like two years ago before the discussion about measles and vaccines was as prominent, at least measles vaccines, right?


Back then it was all about COVID vaccines. But, so I'd say how, you know, if we were to look in the medical history, 'cause hospitals keep records, you know, in the, this was in East Rutherford. Okay, so in New Jersey, I have relatives in New Jersey. How many measles cases were identified in the last 10 years, right? And what percentage of those reported having been in a public place prior? That's what I'd want to know. Because that will tell you whether or not this is the media amplifying, here we go. Texas outbreak drives up early US measles cases in early 2025. Number of music kiss was reported in the US per Year. Yeah. Well, we hear about these things like bird flu. Remember a few years back it was monkeypox.


Yeah, monkeypox. We don't hear about Monkeypox anymore. That was like, monkeypox is coming for us. Yeah. Every, every, every couple months there's something that pops off like this. Every few months. It's like hoof mouth syndrome or Canary baby. You Know, there are cases of measles bad that can be very detrimental. But there's a, an episode of the Brady Bunch. Do you remember this episode of the Brady Bunch where they all get measles and then at the end, Alice walks in and she's got the spots and she goes, I've got measles too. You know, when I was a kid, I had the chickenpox. Now I'm not trying to make light of the measles, right? No. Like any infectious disease, there's inflammation of the body and brain. There are cases where these diseases cause serious long-term effects. And then there are cases where it has less of an effect.


The most important thing to understand for me would be what are the real statistics of like, is measles becoming more frequent? Is that tied to the shift? Because let's face it, re regardless of where you stand on the issue of vaccination, people are now taking a look again, at vaccination, the vaccines schedules have expanded, right? You know, I'm part of, of the medical community. I'm a employee of Stanford School of Medicine. And I, I would say I fall more just full disclosure into the more conventional standpoint of, of this. I wanna be really clear, okay? Of, I do believe that there are certain vaccinations that are highly beneficial. I also think there are a number of vaccinations that for public health reasons should be explored further if for no other reason to discover that yes, we were right, or no, we were wrong.


I, it's just critically important. I mean, you know, I think any good si any self-respecting scientist would say those are data. Let's look again. Now there's this real twist in the data around the autism vaccine thing. That's very, that's really unfortunate. And this is one of the reasons why this is such a hot button issue, is that the guy Andrew Wakefield, who originally tried to tie the vaccine to autism, he was found guilty of fraud. Okay? Now, I wasn't involved in the papers of the case, but like that puts a, a twist in everything because did he go to jail? I believe he did, or he at least lost his medical license. Okay? There have been other instances, you know, of scientific fraud, but that one in particular caused the entire field to assume he was completely wrong about everything.


And now there are folks like Robert Kennedy, who is like him or not, is our head of HHS. Okay? I actually know Robert, I actually am gonna host Jay Barria, who is my colleague at Stanford on the, he's the head of NIH. And so I think Right now there's a, there's here, what were the consequences? Andrew Wakefield did not go to prison, although he was found guilty of serious professional misconduct by the UK General Medical Counsel and was struck off the medical register effectively ending his career as a physician, right? There is no record or evidence that he was ever criminally prosecuted or in prison for his actions related to the fraudulent 1998 Lancet study linking the MMR vaccine to autism. The sanctions against him were professional and civil, not criminal. So an important thing that must be done, I I, I know this issue is, you know, I'm gonna catch hate either way.


Well, it's A hot issue Right now. It's a super hot issue. Listen, as a parent, can you imagine you have a kid and your kid seems for all measures, perfectly healthy, has some treatment vaccine or a pill or a trip to, you know, the supermarket. And that kid fundamentally changes their behavior afterwards. You, you know, the one thing we know is, you know, this is also a deep hypothalamic circuit as we say. There is a hardwired circuit for mothers, especially, you know, dads can be protective, but mothers to protect their young. So, you know, when the moms are pissed off and curious, they are unrelenting. And no amount of discussion about that was resolved. 'cause the Wakefield thing was gone is gonna satisfy them, right?


So my my personal take is run the studies you need to run, make sure they're run properly from, with an unbiased look at all of this. So important because the, the thing about vaccines and autism is really a microcosm for a much larger theme about how much can we trust the medical community? And listen, I know scientists, I was weaned in this, my dad's a scientist. Like most scientists, like 99.9% of scientists want to get things right. We are in the business of trying to un tease the secrets of nature and do good things with them, okay? And yet there are those that will manipulate the system. No one goes into science to get rich.


They go into biotech to get rich. But you don't become a bench scientist at a university to get rich, trust me. But how can those scientists be manipulated as a group? Like when you look back at like, how can that happen? Like, is there, is it journals that are compromised? Is it the medical energy that gets compromised? But how, how do you have like a whole, you know? Sure. So I'll try and keep this relatively succinct. This is a whole landscape. And it's something that is like really deep and important to me as a science communicator. Health communicator who has friends on both sides, you know, of, of these debates. The most important thing to understand is scientists are trying to figure out the truth. They are also human, and they're highly incentivized to advance their careers.


One of the things that I've observed in science is not people making up data that's exceedingly rare, but scientists sometimes when they don't get the answer they want in an experiment, they'll come up with reasons for why that experiment probably wasn't run right. And maybe we should discard the data. Okay, let's say that one more time. When they don't get, When they don't get the answer they want, they will come up with reasons why, oh, that antibody wasn't as fresh, or, you know, the conditions weren't right. And they will start to steer the data, steer the exp. I have observed that. Okay, okay. I've observed that a lot in my career. Sadly, far less common are people outright making up data, what we call fudging data, just like making up numbers.


There's a famous case in nanotechnology of this kid whose last name was shown. He was like a wonder kid in the sense that he had, like, it's very hard to publish papers in science or nature. This is like the Super Bowl rings of science. I've had a couple in nature, a couple in science, and I feel immensely blessed for that. Shown was publishing 12 papers a year in nature and science. Wow. And at some point people start looking more closely at their data, okay? And what happened? They saw that the random noise plots random should be random, right? You don't need to be a scientist or a genius to understand that random should be random. He was so lazy that he was relotting the random noise in two different experiments. You can't get the same random noise in two different experiments.


Ah, so there are bad apples like him, he's gone now. But most scientists are trying to get it right. And yet there's this thing that we have to constantly check ourselves on. This is why you have to, what we call blind the data. You look at it not knowing what condition you're looking at. This is why replication is so key. And the big problem in science, and I do think this new administration cares about this, it's hard to get a job as a professor for replicating work. Everyone wants to see the new thing. So a PhD student comes into my lab, they wanna study something. We rarely say, oh, let's go do what someone else did. Make sure they're right. No, you pick something new. So a lot of mistakes have passed, get kind of baked into the field. And this is what happened in the Alzheimer's field.


This is why, you know, one mistake, which probably was somebody outright fudging as well, making stuff up, kinda get woven into the lineage. Then other papers get published more easily. And then lo and behold, 25 years later, we say, we don't have a single good treatment for Alzheimer's. Best thing you can do is get good sleep. There's a little study out today about creatine, maybe helping, but we're just nipping around the corners of this extremely important problem. I, I I, I must say, and this is not for political correctness. Listen, I'm a tenured professor at Stanford, so I don't have to worry about quote unquote losing my job. I mean, there are ways you can lose your job, even with tenure. But I just wanna say with all the bad things about science, the Wakefield thing, the Alzheimer's thing, the replication crisis, the lack of incentive for people to replicate work, I do have to say something very important.


There are so many treatments for diseases that exist nowadays that we take for granted. That were born out of basic research scientists in the lab just trying to figure things out without the idea of a treatment. Someday. My scientific great grandparents, I mentioned them earlier, David Huel and Torrance of Weasel did that experiment of closing one eye in a kitty cat and monkey showed that the brain is immensely plastic that gave birth, excuse me, that gave birth to an entire field of the molecules involved and the hormones involved, and why it shuts down with age. How to open plasticity in adulthood. In many ways, it's given rise to this whole field of psychedelics for the treatment of, of, of brain disorders in order to reopen plasticity. They did not do those experiments thinking there would be any medical application.


But we now know, as compared to the seventies, when a kid has a lazy eye or a cataract or what we call strabismus or any of that, we now know to get in and treat those eye diseases early while, while the brain is still plastic. Hmm. Their work has saved. The vision, in other words, has prevented blindness of countless people around the world. And there's this whole initiative in, in places overseas to remove cataracts, say vision. So I can give you a million, not a million. I can give you thousands of examples of that. Immunotherapies for cancer. Neuroplasticity, the incredible work being done on psilocybin for depression, MDMA, which hopefully will be approved by the FDA soon for the treatment of PTSD.


Incredible re 70%, seven zero remission rates. Hmm. The understanding of that drug, methylene dioxide, methamphetamines, methamphetamine, with a little twist. Okay? The understanding of that was born out of serious scientists slaving away in their labs for very little pay because they love discovery. And, and I, I'm not saying that to, to, to just, you know, kind of say, oh, all scientists are great, but I think we have to be very careful. The replication crisis is real. We need to take another look at all issues related to public health. You can tell I'm very passionate about this. Yeah. I listen, I text Bobby all the time. Yeah, love. I'm like, I love, listen man, we gotta look at this. We gotta look at, and you know what? We can't allow, allow ourselves to go too far in one direction or the other.


I say, let's not waste any time. Let's take a look at all these vaccines again in great controlled studies. Yeah. What do we lose by looking At 'em? Nothing. But I'll tell you to say what I'm saying here. Like, I'm, I'm gonna, th this will be cut and clipped and contorted. You know, I'm just gonna come out with it. Trad media's, you know, the moment I started showing up on Rogan, and listen, I think Joe Rogan has done tremendous amount of good for science communication. Matt Walker, me, David Sinclair, other people on there, physicists, you know, but then the adjacency to anyone who's asking these larger questions puts you in the bullseye of, oh, you know, he, you know, Andrew's a science denier or flat earth or whatever. No, I believe that any solid field should be subject to self scrutiny and outside scrutiny.


Yeah. And this is why, listen, I've published a number of papers and we all, I always say, listen, I'm happy to be wrong for the right reasons. Like we were trying our damnedest to get it right. You can't be wrong for the wrong reasons, like making shit up. You make, make a mistake. You correct yourself. It's called being an adult. And you can tell that like my, this gets my, yeah, my energy going. Because I will tell you, I'm very concerned about the future of science in this country, either way. 'cause we've gotta split right down the middle and there's all this finger pointing. And somebody, hopefully Jay Butta Chaia, our new director of the NIH, God willing, he's gonna bridge this gap. I'm trying to do what I can behind the scenes to really get people talking. 'cause there's so much shit talking behind the, you know, I hate them and I hate them.


And then, but listen, we all gotta live in this world. Forgive me for going on a monologue. No, I don't care. But I'm telling you, I'm glad. We, We need, we need to take a hard look at ourselves and, and we really, really need to, whatever we explore, we need to explore it properly. But scientists are good people, man. I, I don't make my living doing science anymore. So I can say that with no bias. They're good people. 99.9% of them. And then the, and those bad apples, excuse my language, but fuck them. Oh, for sure. Fuck them because, Because they ruin it all for everybody. Oh yeah. Well, and it also leads to impairment. It leads to disease, it leads to, you know, atrocities that happen to people. And it's for usually for the sake of profit.


Do you believe that big pharma would lobby against certain tests being done or residual testing reexamination of, of, of past findings, et cetera, in order to keep things a certain way. Okay. So Does that make sense? Yeah, Absolutely. So two things about big pharma. First of all, I don't have any direct links to big pharma. You know, people think, 'cause I'm at Stanford, I've been accused of being part of MK Ultra. Yeah. I don't even know what that is, but sounds scary, you know? Oh, I don't know, dude, what's MK Ultra Jets fucking lost. I know that. I, dude Been told, I've been told I'm a CIA plant MK Ultra. I mean, that stuff is Crazy. Oh dude. Somebody told me I went to the Middle East or something.


Somebody said I was working for something Bangladesh or something. I was like, dude, I don't, I've never had anybody ask me to do anything. I Wasn't even born. I wasn't even born. I was born in 75. Yeah, well, so, so big pharma, look, they're a business, okay? So there are drugs like SSRIs where, which we will say have been not so helpful for the treatment of depression for most people. But guess what? SSRIs are tremendously helpful for people with OCD. Real OCD is a condition where the compulsion, the behavior makes the obsession worse. Imagine a mosquito by every time you scratch it itches worse and worse and worse destroys lives. SSRIs have helped those people a lot.


The drug companies are highly incentivized to keep drugs out of generic so that the prices come down. They do a game. I know this 'cause I was involved in exploring drugs for eye disease years ago. And I would learn from these companies. If you can have a drug that goes through all the research and development costs millions of dollars and then is used say for the treatment of a heart condition. If you can bypass the need to do all the safety studies because you discovered that that drug is now also useful for, say, preserving vision in macular degeneration or glaucoma or diet, diabetes, whatever. You save yourself a lot of money. Same drug. You maintain the patent and you can't have generic competitors. So drug companies, I don't think people talk about this enough, are highly incentivized to not discover new drugs, but rather to continue with the same drug than find new uses for the same drugs.


Wow. That's rarely talked about. That's a serious problem. The other thing about drug companies is because A negative side effect of that is what that something gets kind of shoehorned in and working for something, but the Very expensive drugs for everybody. 'cause if you look at the difference between a, like they're these new sleep medications called the Doras. They shut down the wakefulness system as opposed to making you sleepy. They have a lot less abuse potential. They're like $300 a month. And as long as they can maintain the patent on that, there won't be the generic version. 'cause it probably costs the profit margins on these things are huge. Yeah. 'cause they're trying to cover the research and development they did. They're, you know, so that's just one example. But the drug companies are incentivized. Yeah, the Dora, I've tried 'em, I felt, I felt lousy.


And is that like Ambien or whatever? No. So Ambien is a problem because it can give you memory issues. This works through something that's called the Hypocretin orexin system. It was discovered in narcoleptic dogs in the basement of Stanford, believe it or not. There's all sorts of damn cool stuff there. But, but the drug companies are, are a concern in one sense, which is that, look, dopamine, as we learned, is involved in movement. It's involved in reward. Schizophrenics take drugs to block dopamine. And if you see someone on the street corner nowadays, it's complicated with fentanyl. But you see the person kind of RTH it's called, yeah, carve dyskinesia. That's because it, those drugs, the ant, the neuroleptics as we call them, reduce the auditory hallucinations.


They relieve a lot of those symptoms of schizophrenia. But it also hits dopamine in the spinal system, the, the motor system. And then they have these motor side effects. So there are, the problem is most pharmaceuticals have side effects because most chemicals like dopamine, serotonin, acetylcholine, they're in multiple places in the brain. Not just the area that you're concerned about repairing. So, you know, I'm not super anti-big pharma, but I will say I am very pro self-directed healthcare. This is why I'm, you know, a big part of my initiative with the podcast is get people getting sunlight in their eyes in the evening. Get some sunlight in your eyes in the after, in, in the morning, excuse me, sunlight in your eyes in the morning, you know, hydrate exercise.


Get on a normal circadian rhythm. One of the most important things for mental health is bright mornings and days, dark nights. And how do you get on that circadian rhythm? Man, that's something that I've struggled with. I think my circadian rhythm is God, it's a, I'm gonna turn into a cicada. Well, we gotta get you some of the red lens glasses. I'm not doing a promotional here, but getting the screens dim or wearing red lens glasses in the evening to block the, the blue and green lights. But how Do you even set up a circadian rhythm? How did It bright light in the morning? If you wake up and the sun's out, get outside. Take that brimmed hat off, take the sunglasses off. Look in the direction of the sun. You don't have to force yourself to like, get five to 15 minutes of sunlight. Drink your coffee, get some exercise. Maybe even do like a hundred jumping jacks. Get your system going.


Very simple way to put this is early in the day, you want movement, caffeine, hydration, sunlight. If you can't get sunlight, you get bright light from like an artificial light. You can get a 10,000 lux light on Amazon for like a hundred bucks. I have no relationship to any of those companies. Get your morning kind of going, you know, it's hard to be Jocko willing. It's hard you, but you gotta kind of force a little bit of that on yourself. And then in the afternoon, taper off the caffeine, dim the screens, lower your heart rate, do some long exhale, breathing, you know, just take it down an notch. And over about three days of doing that, what you'll find is I start to wake up in anticipation of the day. You're, you have this circadian rhythm that learns, well, I'm gonna be active in a few hours.


And you start waking up in the morning at a particular time. That whole phenomenon. You set your clock for 7:00 AM and you wake up at 6 59, your brain is clocking time. So does that mean you need to go to bed at like 8:00 PM for a week to get your circadian rhythm set? Or what's the truth there? Everyone's slightly different, different chronotypes. So I do best, for instance, I know if I had total control going to bed sometime between 10 and 11:00 PM and I wake up around 6:00 AM Okay, yes, I can go to bed at nine and wake up at four. But I can't stick to that schedule very long. My system just genetically is not wired for it. Some people are real night owls. They do best going to sleep at 2:00 AM and waking up at 10. They just feel better. Try a couple different schedules for at least three days and then wherever you feel kind of most yourself, kind of like, you know, for me, going to bed by 10 30 and waking up by six is kind of a natural antidepressant when I sleep in and go to bed late.


Oh yeah. I start feeling off, then I start abusing caffeine. 'cause I love caffeine, love, love, love, caffeine. Oh yeah. And I, I'm a big fan of caffeine. I like it, baby. But, but then I start abusing it. I start taking too much and then, you know, and then it, you know, potentially can drift into other stimulants. Oh yeah, yeah. You know, and then you're, then you're a mess. So, but you know, some people do really well. Going to bed at eight 30 and waking up at 4:00 AM But look, the world is not really wired for that. If you're gonna have any kind of social life Like Mark Wahlberg or something, he's always things like, I wake up At three, well, him and bed and Ari Emanuel from WME, like yeah, those guys are like the 4:00 AM club. They're like texting each other and like up you, I get texts from Ari every once in a while. He's like, man up early.


He's hyperbaric chamber. But he's, he, I mean he's got like 12 cylinders. Oh yeah. That guy is like, go, go, go, go, go, go and listen. Some people need more sleep than others. I do great on six or six and a half. When I sleep eight, I actually feel more groggy. Ooh. So if, if you get your schedule right, you don't need quite as much sleep. But before I came out here today, I did a half hour, what I call, it's used to be called Yoga Nira. It's nons sleep, deep rest NSDR. You just do long exhale breathing. You listen to a script, you relax your body. The data show you come outta that with your dopamine level, 60% higher than you went into it. It replenishes your, your vigor. Yoga nidra. Yeah. Well, yoga nidra or NSDR Nons sleep. Deep rest. And these are zero cost tools. Right? Got it.


So How many milligrams of caffeine are you taking a day? Are you usually taking a day? You ready for this? Yeah. All right. A normal cup of coffee would be about 200 milligrams of strong coffee. I consume about 800 milligrams of caffeine a day. Yeah. I drink y I'm half our, You damn fucking a firely. I drink yerba mate. Oh Yeah. A Cold brew y sugar yba mate. Or I drink Yorba mate out the gourd. If you're gonna drink yerba mate. Don't get the don't get the sugary kind. Nope. Get the loose leaf. No, we, I have a yerba mate brand. It's not that one Yerba Homie. Ours is Matina, which is, I've, I'm not gonna do a promotional here. But the point here is that if you like energy drinks, you like yerba mate, you like coffee, I'm like more power to you.


This is, so There's 200 in a cup of coffee. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And what's in one of these? So there was actually a study just published on Trine that everyone's worried about. But that study was in vitro. I need to see a lot of data. There's a lot of data actually that trine is beneficial for the heart. And it has kind of an anti-aging thing. It's in, you know, a lot of energy drinks including, yeah, It's like a lysine and a trine. I love caffeine. I mean, man, caffeine and nicotine. I, Right now I'm kind of easing back on it. The delivery mechanism matters. You don't wanna smoke vape, dipper. Snuff. Yeah. You get cancer. People go, oh, well Vaping's not bad. Popcorn lung is real. People hate me for saying this. Vaping is bad. Not as bad as smoking. Vaping ain't Good for you.


And what flavors? The worst flavor, any flavor, It's all bad for you man. But the gums and the pouches provided it's a low dose. It's very habit forming. But you know, three to six milligrams or something on occasion. Yeah. This is the problem. People go pretty soon they're doing a, a whole canister a day. Oh yeah. But I got Nick a buddy out a fucking mouthful of my buddy. Like damn cotton eyed Joe over there. Nicotine's a very interesting drug because it's a stimulant, but it relaxes you too. But it does call cause excuse me, vasoconstriction. And that's not good for all the stuff we were talking about earlier. No. You want blood flow to the brain and to your extremities, you know, and so some nicotine early in the day, little bit.


No big deal with caffeine to get work done. Remember effort that precedes dopamine in constructive areas of life. Writing, comedy, podcasting, school sports, socializing in healthy ways. Like this is good. Can you get just as much dopamine from doing those positive things as you can from doing things that we would consider, you know that off. Sometimes add a level of disappointment or shame and maybe shame's not the word I wanna use. Yes, you can. It just, you need to be more determined and focused on it. You know, remember it's how quickly the dopamine comes in with porn and methamphetamine, cocaine and all of that.


It's how quickly gambling raises dopamine. You know, the stuff we're talking about, work, focus, learning, all that. It's, it's work. I mean it's, it's hard work, but the effort that precedes dopamine is a completely different beast because you are in control and it doesn't put you in the trough. But I did see a, you know, I guess we don't call 'em tweets now. What do we call them on X? Some guy made a billion dollars and a couple weeks later he said, I don't know what's going on, but I feel like I'm suicidally depressed. And I just said, that's dopamine. He got the reward. And what he misses is the hunt. Mm. You have to stay in the hunt. This is like the will to live is the hunt for new things. Ah, The will to live.


31-year-old guy who sells his startup for 100 million shares, why he is depressed and how to think about your career and life. I sold my company MVMT, I know that company. They made watches right a few years ago for a lot of money and thought all my problems would be solved. I made my life really cushy and comfortable. I optimized for being as stress free as possible. I play video games when I want. I wake up when I want and really have no reason to out get outta bed if I don't want to. I always thought this was a dream that I'd be happy forever. I realize I'm in an incredibly unique situation and wanted to share some things I've learned and am still working through. Hmm. I mean for you, you know, and forgive me, I've been monologuing a bit 'cause I just wanna make sure I, I blast through some of this info that hopefully people can make use.


No, we can Always talk About it again too. But I, but I, you know, for you, right? You've got the podcast, you do your comedy tours, you know, I'm not a comedian, but I love going to see live comedy. Oh Yeah. It's fun. And I just have to imagine that staying busy in pursuit has gotta be super important to your overall wellbeing. Right? Well it's funny you say that. I think it's like, yeah, I didn't know that I liked to work really, you know, I mean, I knew that I was persistent maybe and I liked comedy, but then like, as other things have started to arise and like learning the podcast and then you're running a business and then, you know, I, I like to work, you know, I really enjoy it. I think I'm probably competitive in some ways.


Do you Have a, a you don't, I'm not gonna ask you to tell us, but do you have a couple of comedians in your mind that like, you're like, I can, I can best that? Or is it besting against yourself? Oh no, I think it's just, can you still make yourself laugh? That's my thing. Is that, what's your writing? I'm very curious about this. What's your writing process? Oh, I'll talk to somebody. Usually I'm tell I'm trying to talk with a gal and entertain her or talk with one of my buddies and entertain them. And there's something that'll get said that's just kind of like, oh, that's perfect man. So that's kind of how I'll do it. And then I'll put it on a stage from there, you know, and I'll record my sets and, and I've started to put some of 'em into like chat GPT or AI so it can like show me what was new during this one or the last one. And learn little intricacies and things like that.


Things that worked and things that changed. Do you get ideas in your dreams? Do you ever wake up laughing Ayahuasca? I've gotten ideas. I've gotten, I've got like some good bits. How often are you doing ia? Maybe every 18 months. I'm kind of due again to do something like that. I want to talk to this guy Brian Hubbard, I believe is his name. Oh yeah. Who does the ibogaine? He talked about Iboga. I've Been very, I'm not, I can't take any credit for that project, but my colleague at Stanford, Nolan Williams, triple board certified psychiatrist, neurologist, he's the one running the brain imaging of the veterans that Brian has been bringing down to Mexico to do the iboga DMT work. Wow. And Nolan has discovered there are these changes in brain errors like the insula, which are involved in kind of self-reflection, body, self, body relationship, all sorts of things.


The data from those studies are incredible. I mean these tier one operators, you know, which is code for, have to be ready in 24 hours to go overseas and kill their high risk, high consequence work. The number of those guys I've talked to that were dependent on alcohol, drugs and other substances that go down there and do it once or twice and never even feel the desire to use again. Wow. Is just striking. Yeah. The iboga sounds amazing. I also hear it's terrifying. A couple of those guys told me, and they, and they have a high bar for this. A couple of those guys have told me it is the most terrifying experience of their entire life. What? But also brought them the most amount of peace. Well, it's 22 hour psychedelic journey.


Oh. Followed by DMT. Are you asleep during it or are you Awake? No, you're awake. And what I hear is that you don't hallucinate when your eyes are open, but when you close your eyes, you get high definition recall of previous experiences. But you have agency, you can act differently in there. And rewire, I've never done it. I'm very curious to do, I've never done ayahuasca. I have had some incredibly beneficial clinical experiences with M Dmma and with psilocybin and it's just complete. I was, you know, I don't encourage kids to do it, but you need a really good practitioner. You have to find a way to do it legally. And there are ways Oh Yeah, it's a lot Of, but man, it is a game changer. A lot of bootleg stuff going on out there. But I do think that, yeah, it's like getting back to nature, getting back to the roots and literally you're getting back to the roots of like, what will, what can reorganize.


I think the nature inside of us, it gets so rattled by us maneuvering it and existing in the world. I don't know how we manage to damage our own nature so much over time. Well Maybe it's, instead of saying lesbians will save us all, it's lesbians and psychedelics will save us all. That's kind of my new campaign. I Mean, dude, look at this guy right here. Yeah. That, that, that's Rick Rubin. That's no, I was saying earlier, you know, that's me when it comes to being able to see clearly along certain dimensions of life. But that's when you come to rely on good friends and, and you do your, you do your work, your inner journey work and figure it out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think it's fascinating and I think just the fact that we can Get, can I get a copy Of that?


This thing is awesome, Man. How'd y'all Get that? Just chat. Bt Oh, it's so great. Cock a monkey blindfolded on LSD. Yeah. Sometimes I've looked at decisions I've made in my life and go, you know, I pretty much had the clarity that that guy right there had. Yeah. And, but in other areas of my life, like the decision to go into skateboarding and leave the decision to pursue science and then podcasting and, you know, my life's a dream man. Yeah. Like, I, I can't tell you like, you know, people will think I'm just trying to puff you up, but like to be sitting here talking to you, I'm a fan. To be able to Oh, thanks man. To explore ideas and to learn from such a, a diverse array of people. Like I, I love talking to scientists, but I love talking to comedians and creatives and like my childhood hero became one of my best friends.


'cause he heard the podcast and he's really, yeah. My, I mean, it's kind of embarrassing to say, but Tim Armstrong, the singer for Rancid in the transplants, he has that band with Rob Astin and Travis Barker. I mean, Tim's like my hero. And we've become very good friends. He's cool. He's, he's a real life poet. He's an incredible musician. He's produced a ton of music for others. He's a very, he know softspoken. He's, he's a true music producer and performer. That's fascinating. And he, we became, he's one of my best friends. Like, That's like me and David Spade. I just can't even believe that we're buddies. Yeah. And then I get to like, ask him about stuff or even listen to him tell jokes over dinner at like Yeah. It's things like that.


Like not to name drop, but Yeah. It just blows your mind. Some of the people you'll get to come across, you know? Well, and for people listening, I I, you know, I have to say like, I used to watch PO and you know, watch things and read and listen to podcasts and like, I wanted to be part of it, but like, being myself and that's really the key. Rick always says this, he's like, the the way to succeed in any genre that you're interested in is to be you. 'cause no one's done that yet. The moment you try and be like the the other guy, you know, or the other gal is one, it falls flat. Right. The reason Tony Hawks, Tony Hawk is 'cause he's a pioneer and he just kept going. There's only one of him. Yeah. You know, and, and there are others in skateboarding and others in podcasting. But like, like it's like that trust in in self.


You just have to, if you just show up, you and do your personal work too. I do think, you know, journaling, meditation, working out it's Psych relationship with you. Yeah. Like, and you just show, you just show up. You, yeah. So like, you know, I think we got the answer to your initial question. Why is podcasting what it is? Is 'cause like we just show up. We didn't have a, we didn't have a template. There's no script, nothing. We just show up and There's a couple guys in their closets, man. Yeah. We're talking about finger lengths and lesbians and monkeys on LSD and measles vaccine and some of the biggest issues in public health. And, and you know, your name was mentioned in, in, in a moment of praise at the inauguration of the president of the United States. Yeah. That's crazy. We are living, I don't think we're living in a simulation.


I think what's so freaking awesome about this life is it's real. Hmm. Not that it's fake, it's all the, it's all the shit that's real that blows my mind. And just I think what you, what you, what you can be called upon to be a part of, you know, and taking agency, having some more agency. The biggest thing I notice in my life is how do I get to know myself better and get to utilize myself better. And not just for me, but for like, and really to listen to God better. How do I learn to have a relationship with something that's bigger than me so that I can get better direction, you know, and better and better peace at times. Because God's not just there for direction. I believe. I believe that he's also there for reflection and for rest.


You know. And just to be able to, you know, I don't know. Do you pray every day? I pray every day. Yeah. Me Too. I'm, I'm a scientist, but I'm a believer. Mm. You know, I've always believed in God and I used to hide praying 'cause I grew up in a complicated home religiously for different, we've got a real mixed family, but also like the, the attitudes about religion very mixed. Some very positive, some not positive. But a few years ago, a friend of mine who was a former tier one operator and he is run some of my security stuff. Like, he encouraged me to start reading the Bible. And I was like, wow, there's so much wisdom here. And then he encouraged me to start praying. And it's, I know people are gonna, some people roll their eyes, some people will be like, get it immediately when you start praying.


Yeah. Before sleeping in the morning. Yeah. I prayed right before I came in here. Yeah. Went in the bathroom. I literally get on my knees and pray before anything important this morning at night. And you know, people how can be a scientist and believe in, in God. And it's like, well easy because as a scientist you learn that like, even as a, let's just say a vision scientist, there are animals that can see parts of the visual spectrum that we can't see. UV light, infrared light pit. Vipers can see it, mosquitoes see things we don't see. So the moment you start just thinking, wait, our human brain can understand and make sense of certain things, but not others through logic and reasoning and emotion, you go, well there's this not just possibility of an entire set of energies out there that we're not aware of.


Oh, that's so it's absolutely certain. And then you go, well that's a big leap to the idea that there's a, a guy or you know, and his son is the, you know, is, you know, is is Christ. And Christ was resurrect. But when you start reading the stories and you start like looking at our real world experience, you go, you know, so much of this makes sense and it doesn't make nature and science any less interesting. It makes it more interesting. Mm. It, it makes, it it and more important. It's like we're he, we're here. I believe that we're here to like access that energy, allow it come through us. Yeah. I don't, I don't think like we podcast, I think energy comes through us and we podcast. Oh. I think the funnest thing sometimes is like getting an idea.


'cause I'm like, this didn't come from me, right. What the hell am I doing? Right. I'm just like, something out here that's trying to position myself to be the best receptor. It's almost like when you're trying to like put those dog ears out for a television or whatever, like an old black and white TV and you're trying to pick up the signal. It's like, I'm just trying to best get myself in situation to, to, to receive a decent signal. Do You believe, sorry to yesterday, yesterday I was in a conversation with a Stanford and Harvard trained psychiatrist, one of the smartest people I know. And he said to me, he said, you know, these, him talking, he said, you know, I believe in miracles. He's like, there are miracles. And I was like, really? And he explained a, a case of a patient, like, there is no way this person should still be alive, let alone flourishing as they are.


The number of things that had to organize for that to work out. And, you know, so I'm kind of obsessed these days with like this notion of miracles. Oh, I love that. Have you considered, 'cause we, we will sometimes interview people who have had a miracle experience happen to them. And it's really fascinating sometimes just to hear some of their stories. It's something I would like to do more. One of the things I wanna do is just, I, I wanna come over to your pod man next time I'm in town. Let's do it. And, and we can do this again sometime. We, I feel like we've only got to talk about a few things, but that's perfect. It'll give us more stuff to talk about in the future. And just thank you Andrew, for just being a good voice. You have a lot to say and you, you share information Well and it's like, I think we're at a time where people just need to have information that isn't compromised by like a bank or an advertiser that's telling someone they have to speak a certain way.


You know, unless it's an advertisement where you're reading for Tecovas or for Liquid IV or something, you know. But yeah, thank you for all your commitment to sharing information with us, man. Thank you. Yeah. And thanks for spending time with us today. Yeah, Thanks for having me on. And I wanna say, you know, the the universal love that I see out there for you is not a coincidence. You know, it's, it's so interesting. Like people can't put you in a box. And I, and I love that because there's so much pressure to like put people in a box. Yeah. And, and people really, people really feel your heart in everything you do. And it, in part, it's the vulnerability. It's also when you, when you say like hell with that and really stretch your wings, the way you've developed this incredible expertise at the various things you do, comedy and others.


So, you know, I'm very grateful to be here today. I'm a fan and you just have the love of so many people and it's not an accident, man. You're, you're, you're a real leader and I appreciate you. That's very nice of you to say, man. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. That's a very thoughtful thing to say. And yeah, thank you for being here today and I, I look forward to seeing you out in Malibu. Yeah, let's do it again On the HLP. Amen. Now I'm just falling on the, and I, I like these leaves. I must be corner when I, I, I, I.