
I've got some tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Cedar Rapids, St. Paul, Minnesota Fargo, North Dakota, rapid City, South Dakota, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Rochester, New York, and Detroit, Michigan, all in June and July. Tickets available now at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Thank you so much for your support. Today's guest is a content creator, a restaurateur, and a comedian. He is from Malaysia, and he found his way to the UK and America by doing comedy. He's known for his character, Uncle Roger. Uncle Roger, a grumpy food critic who roasts celebrity chefs.


And with that, he's gained more than 30 million followers. Quite the ride. With today's guest. I couldn't be more geeked to get to hang out with Nigel. Right. What? What's the most vain Asians, you think? Because Asians, you don't think of, 'cause people think about Asians a lot, right? Yeah. Do they, do they think about Asians a lot?


Oh, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Why? Why? Why would you think about this a lot? Because I think it's fascinating. Okay. Right. Because people can't, some people can't believe it. They see it. They, you show some, like you show a baby an Asian or whatever they, I think they'd be surprised, kind Of. No, they look the same. Smaller eyes squint, tear eyes. That's it. You know? Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. Some of 'em are, I guess if you have a tall baby. Yeah. Yeah. We had a little, little s squint. Your little flatter nose. That's it really? You're all the same man. Yeah. Some of us can look wider than you. Yeah. Some of us can be fairer than white people. Oh, yeah. That's a good point, huh? Yeah. I think we should have the, we should have some white, white privilege.


I know, right? Yeah. Yeah. That I'm white than you. Look at this. That's a good point. Look at this shit. Yeah. Look at this honky. Look at this fricking sesame cracker. Oh, thank you. That's ridiculous. Thanks. Thanks for inviting me on here, Theo. Dude, it's a pleasure, man. Yeah. Thank you so much. But no, of course. What a Nigel. Nigel. Nigel. Nigel, Nigel. Yes. Yeah. And how do you say last name? Ung. Ung Ung. It's Southeast Asian, Malaysian last name. That's where I'm from originally. Yeah. That's the living you got. You're the damn living N word right there. I can't even, I know. It's dangerous, isn't it? Ooh, it's dangerous. Yeah. Yeah, It is. Yeah. There's a few letters away.


It's Risky, rather. That's NIG. There's no a in there, thankfully. Yeah. But it's, there's enough there, I think, where it's a, like, people would be like, what's going on Here? Yeah. There's, there's that Vietnamese, there's a meme of the Vietnamese restaurant. The, the name of the restaurant is B-I-C-H-N-G-A. Oh, oh. Just pronouncing, just ordering food, Huh? Yeah. Just call it the Vietnamese. Yeah. That's, there's one where there's a black guy narrating over it and saying, you can't tell me this is not bitch. Yeah. Wow, brother. That's what I'm saying, man. We try cafe. We tried, but I also like, it's cafe, but nah, all of the ribs.


So this is a popular sound in, and you said you're from Malaysia? Yeah. Yeah. That's not in Vietnam. It would be Nng something. Okay. N-G-A-N-G-U-Y-E-N win. Right. But in Malaysia, Singapore and Hong Kong, you will see Ng. Ng. Yeah. It's con it's confusing, but yeah. Yeah. I went to Malaysia one time when I was a student. Oh, Shit. Really? Yeah. We went to What's the capital? Why Kuala Lumpur. Kuala Lumpur. Yeah. Yeah. For What? We, I just was a student on this thing called Semester at Sea. It's like a floating school. And one of the stops was over there in Malaysia. So you took a boat, like a boat over there? Yeah, like A cruise ship. You got, it's like a, like a, like a, pulled it up.


That's a long trip, man. Oh, It was a long trip we left outta Vancouver. Yeah. Canada. And that, that's how I got here from the same boat, I think. Oh, Really? Yeah. I just crawled onto your, you know, your boat without a visa. Oh, yeah. Welcome. That's how most people are getting in, dude. That's mustard At sea. We are not the best tourist destination though, Malaysia. You know? We are like a little tiny little country. We, we live well there. The quality of life is pretty good, but we're not like a big tourist place. Yeah. That, I think it felt like that. I think it felt like the beaches and then kind of what do we do here a little bit. Yeah. There's nothing to do there. You just eat and, and live, live your life. But are, but are so, I don't forget this.


Are Malaysian's the most vain? Who's the most vain Koreans man? Is it? Yeah. Like Korean Koreans. Not, not Bobby Lee Korean. You know, Bobby Lee's? He's, I think he was born here, right? He's American. Bobby Lee. Yeah. There's undeniable that God does not have a birth certificate. That's legitimate. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He probably, he's obviously a POW, you know? Yeah. Yeah. He has a very POW energy. That's true. And he have a lot of, he has a lot of trauma, I think. Yeah. He have a lot of burn marks on his back too. Oh, really? Yeah. From cigarettes, I think from gambling issues. But people say different things, you know? Yeah. But I think Koreans, the venous Asians man, they have a whole skincare. They're known for skincare. The whole country is known for skincare and plastic surgery. Oh, really?


Yeah. Bring up some of that Asian skincare. There's lots of stuff, man. They put snail, that snail juice, you know? And a snail crawls, it leaves behind like a, a trail of goo. Yeah. They put that shit on their skin. No way. Look at, look at, look at that woman. She's like, glowing. Look at that. Oh, They got some porch Asians over there. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. That's why I think they already, some people look dead already, because they just are preserved. Yeah. Preserved. Well Bring up that snail juice thing. I wanna see that. Can we get something about that? You Have to Google snail mucin. M-U-C-I-N. Yeah. That's why I have a, I have a joke about this that I do in my act, that it's hard to find Asian pedophiles, because, you know, they all look like they're 12, but they're actually 35, you know?


Yeah. Why would you take the risk on an illegal one, you know? Oh, yeah. You'll find you just molesting yourself. Yeah. Just molesting your people. Yeah. And then you're like, oh, shit, it, Luke 16 Advanced. Yeah. That, that kind of, that kind of thing. Advanced snail 96 mucin power essence, lightweight essence, which absorbs into the skin fast, to give skin a natural glow from the inside. This essence is created from nutritious, low stimulation, filtered snail mucin. Yeah. To keep your skin moisturized and illuminated all day. Wow. Yeah. It's a good marketing, marketing writing, right? Yeah. I don know how, how real it, it is. How do you know it's actually snail mucin? Yeah. You know, it could just be water and sugar and cornstarch.


Oh, yeah. They could have anything in there. They could have, Yeah. We, they, they, they don't do that kind of shit. I think that's, yeah. I think they just, that's The very Asian right there. No, it's a white woman doing it. Yeah. But we learned it from you guys. I mean, that is cheekbone sashimi. That's true. That's true. We bring a lot to the world. Oh, that's so wild. So that's a real thing that people are buying this. And how much does it go for? Gimme a, how much for a cord of it? Oh, CVS has it go get sub later. You Got really? 24 point 99. 24.99 for, oh, for seven and a half ounces, huh? Yeah. You don't need it. You have good skin, man. I'm Okay. But, you know, everybody wants to do a little bit more.


But how do you even farm it out of 'em? Do you follow right behind them with a little scooper? I don't know, man. Maybe they just have a whole cage full of snails and, oh, And maybe it's like a, the floor has a, Then it just drips down into a bucket or something. That's Great. I haven't thought of, I haven't thought of this. Forcing snail to release mucin through harsh treatment, like dunking them in salt water. No way. That's very, that's very mean. This was probably taught by a lot of the forces in Vietnam. Some of this is illegal. Some of the, go back to it. Some of the, this is considered waterboarding. I think snail mucin, a popular skincare ingredient is collected from live snails through various methods. Some more humane than others.


Traditional methods involve forcing snails to release mucin through harsh treatment. Yeah. Like dunking them in salt water or chemicals. Oh. It's like killing a whole family. Just so someone can have like, smoother skin. Oh. Many companies now use methods like gentle stimulation or allowing snails to naturally excrete mucin on mesh nets, ensuring their wellbeing. Wow. What's gentle stimulation for a snail? You know, I think just a little, a Little, little little fingering action on Just petting, Petting, heavy Petting, maybe listening to some, what's a popular Malaysian like love musician band? We Don't really have band. We don't really have that. You can, you can use an American musician, or probably some Marvin Gaye, I guess.


Okay. Yes. You can play some Marvin Gaye, Some Malvin Gaye mal. Is that fair? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. If we had some avenge Yeah. And we played that, that would be beautiful. Let's get it on. Yeah. And you just touching that snails back. Yeah. Yeah. A few snails, not just one. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. You Can't just foreplay it. One snail. Come On. That's Yeah. That's weird. They move too slow. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta get a little batch. It, it is like, you know how that, that that chess movie where the one person is playing against 10 chess masters, but it's you against 10 snails. Just Oh, yeah. You just play. It's almost like one of those, it's like that thing where those things, you're dropping and you're catching 'em, you know? Yeah. Yeah.


I like it. Now I go, good to see you, man. Good To see you too, man. Thank You for all of the entertainment, man. You definitely, ah, I make too many videos, man. That, that's the life of a YouTube person, you know? It is, huh? Yeah. I got my start. I started doing standup 2010, 2011. You got a special that came out a few years ago, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I did. It's released in a moment house. Yeah. Have you used that platform before? You just sell tickets? People buy it and they watch it. Oh, yeah. But I'm gonna whack it on my YouTube eventually. Moment house. Yeah. Yeah. Is it live performance on Moment House? Or is it, you just tape it, put it up, and then there's a premiere. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. I think Andrew Schutz did it here. Oh, yeah. That kind of thing. And You started, so did, were using you born in Malaysia?


Yeah. Yeah. I was born in Malaysia, and then I went to, lived there for 20 years of my life. Then I went to university. I went to Northwestern in Illinois, near Chicago. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. And then I, then I moved to the UK for a few years, for eight years. Then I'm back here in la. What are Malaysian? 'cause I don't know a ton about the Malay, right? Yeah. Yeah. I, I Wish me neither. Really? You Don't? You know, we have so many different races there, you know, In Malaysia. Yeah. That's Chinese, Malaysian, which I'm, I'm, I'm that. Okay. Malay Malaysians and Indian Malaysians. And we don't really make so pretty segregated, you know? Really? Yeah. So there's beef between what type of Malaysian you are? There's, There's no beef. We just don't really care as much if you're not part of the, the group.


I see. But it's very peaceful. It's very peaceful. Yeah. Yeah. So it's not violent, but it's still like, you just kind of stick with your tribe. Yeah. Yeah. We try to venture out, but, you know, sometimes it's hard to eat different things, and there are limitations to what malaise can eat, you know? Oh, Malaysian can't eat everything. Yeah. Well, Malay Malaysian are Muslim is Malay. Malay. They're Muslim. Yeah. So, oh, wow. They can't eat pork. Right. And also in, in Malaysia, certain restaurants need to be Halal certified for Malay people to, to eat in. If you, if, if a Malay person is caught eating at a non Halal restaurant, depending on where you are, it could be, you know, you could get into trouble basically. Yeah. So there's the, that, those little things.


But we overall, we're pretty peaceful and we like Each other. So you like each other. But every now and then there's a, there's a little bit of Mongolian beef with each other. Yeah. Yeah. I feel that I've had that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Okay. It's okay. It's Bad American Chinese shit. It's travesty. It's something you just, it's something you fill your jaw with while you look at, through Target. You know? It's Nice at an airport, you know, you get an airport, Panda Express, you know, it's the best thing there. Yeah. It's good. Yeah. But it's a lot of sugar though. Yeah. Sugar's good. But sugar. Yeah. You like Sugar. Come on. I like it. But I just know it doesn't, it's, I know. It's secretly plotting against me. That's what I feel like. Really? Sugar is floating against you. Well, I feel like it gets in your system and it knows it's gonna win. 'cause it's like a deterior, deteriorate.


Deteriorate. It deteriorates you. Yeah. Well, most things do, though. Most things that taste good are deteriorates, you know? Yeah. Cholesterol, fats, butter, olive oil. Yeah. Yeah. Even vagina. I don ruin your life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, that it takes, it ruins your time. Really? Oh, you cha just chasing vagina all the time. And I'm glad I'm out of that phase of my life now. Yeah, that's what I heard. I heard that you got married. You're married a couple years now. No, I'm, I'm, I, I'm engaged a couple years now. Oh, you? But I'm getting married in July. Oh, you're Getting married in July. In months, yeah. Oh, way. And so is this a traditional Malaysian wedding? No, no. We're doing it in Europe. My, my fiance is American. Okay. She's from Miami, well, south Florida.


Okay. You know. And were, was it scary for you to choose a fiance? Had you, how, how had dating been like for you in your life? Well, I've been married before. Yeah. Married, young, divorced, young. Do you have to I recommend that. Get that out the way. You know that. That's, that's my fiance, Gel Ung. Sorry. No worries. YouTube's Uncle Roger shares photos from engagement shoot with fiance Sabrina, a beautiful couple. Yeah. She's cute. Aw, Congratulations. I Think I, well, congratulations. You know, so I, I, I, I got her. I like lock it in, you know, can't do any better than that. So That's not, that's when men, that's when men lock it in. They're like, this is it. Yep. She's nice. She's hot. She's smart.


All right. That's it. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Way better than the previous one, you know? Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, the previous one, she was fine. But you just end up grew apart, you know? It Didn't fit Well, I, I was really doing standup hardcore at the time. And it just takes a toll on your relationships, right? Oh, yeah. You can't have a re if you're doing standup, I think it's impossible, you know? Yeah. 'cause also the hours that you're out, it's very like, And I had a day job too, so I was like nine to five at the day job. Then I was doing this, all this in the uk. Okay. So after, after my day job finishes, I'll just take a long train up to Birmingham or something, the middle of the UK from London, two hour train, do my set, come back, arrive home at one, that all I see her is sleeping.


Oh. She just sees me sleeping. I see her sleeping. And then seven years later, hey, we're not the same person anymore. Okay. Who would've guessed, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're awake. Yeah, We're awake. And I don't like you when we are awake. That's an issue with a lot of marriages, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Mary, go To bed. Yeah. I like you more. We are unconscious In Malaysia. Is it popular? And sorry, because we've never had a Malaysian guest. You Should get Ronnie Chang next. Oh, he's Malaysia too. I love that. We've talked, I've messaged about it. He's so funny. I got, we gotta do it. He's Malaysian. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, So some people keeping secret then, because I didn't know that. I, yeah. But I would love to see, is it in Malaysia?


I just wanna learn about a little bit of the tradition of the place. Okay, Let's Do it. So do you have to, is it arranged marriage, or what is dating like there? No, It's not arranged at all. Okay. Yeah. You gotta find someone. We got incel there too. You know, arranged marriages would be a great solution to the incel problem, Wouldn't it? And when Incel, you say, what do you mean? People, Incel, you know, the, Like gamers or whatever. They can be incel some of them. Yeah. There's a whole movement isn't there on the, the Reddit people, the, the right, they call it blue pill, red pill, black pill, some something pill. The incel who they can't get laid, and then they start hating on women, that kind of thing. Oh, Yeah, yeah. But no, no. In Malaysia it's all, it's not arranged. You have to arrange it for yourself. Yeah. Their gamer tag is like, these whores are ruining everything.


6,000 Or whatever, go to Thailand to sleep with some hoes, you know? Yeah. Oh, that kind of thing. Yeah. But that's not, we don't really have that either. That's why I'm saying in Malaysia, there's not much to do in Thailand. There's that, there's beaches, there's the, the red light district, Bali, there's beaches. And you know, other places have other things. Vietnam has the beaches and memorial. Beaches and hos. Really? All of Asia Really, except for Malaysia. So we are a bit boring. And Why is there a different, do they outlaw that kind of stuff there? So they must have, 'cause it, it seemed like you would just keep a stricter. Yeah. Why don't they have that prostitution and stuff like that. And or just put some people to say, ho fun ho or whatever. Yeah. Fun Money. Ho.


It's probably the religion thing. It's majority Muslim. Okay. In Malaysia. So maybe that, that's frowned upon a little bit more. I'm sure you can find some, maybe some like sugar baby type arrangement, right? Yeah. But I've never looked Into it. Secret, secret ho. Secret host. Secret host. Oh, there's, there's an app for that. I think it's called Sugar Book. Sugar Book. Yeah. Look it up. It's a big app in Asia. And I know really, I know this app exists in Malaysia, so it's like a dating app. Let's see it. But you know where romance meets finance? There you go. Where romance meets finance. Oh, definitely. I mean, what about $40 a Week? It goes far, man. It does. It goes the money. US dollar goes far in Asia, dude.


What if Our podcast, we sponsored a couple of sugar. We booked some sugar, Let's book some sugar. It's a deterrent. You know, it's Slowly Call away at you. Oh, definitely. I can see it ruining a lot of things. But how many episodes of a party you put out a week is gonna get that number away down, man. But what if we book some sugar, right? Yeah. And we just support it. And every now and then they just check in. But there's, they don't have to do anything sexual. We have them maybe get a good hobby. Yeah. Maybe help around the neighborhood, clean up, pick up trash or something. That'll Be nice. I'm sure they'll be down. This is, this is safer than, you know, you know that the OnlyFans model who fly to Dubai and they get shot on.


Yeah. You know, that sugar book is a safer alternative, you know? Oh, I'm a huge sugar book fan all of a sudden. Yeah. I think it's good. But I do, I would love to look into Nick, maybe the price of, if we could sponsor a couple of good women. Sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar girls. I think a grand a month. Ooh, that's a lot. Yeah, that's a Lot. I mean, you said it goes far over there, dude, I'm talking 80, maybe one 20 or more. Oh, Okay. You would get a different quality of women for 80, but That's okay. But would it be great to sponsor that lady? Let her just say, Hey, take the week off. Yeah. Go relax. Go for a run or something. Okay. Yeah, that would be good.


Sign up for something. That Would be great. And we could support the infrastructure over there. Yeah. Is family big over there? Is that like a big thing? What's it like there that you notice it's different between Malaysia and US or UK culture? I think it's, it's really the difference between Asia and, and the west, really. Family is big. People live with their parents, and it's socially acceptable to do that. Right. And then when the parents get old, we don't really send them to homes. You know, we, we, we bring them into our own home. Oh yeah. Instead of sending 'em to a nursing home, It's better. Huh. That's nice. I think. Yeah. But I, what I like about the West is everybody, everybody's so confident and they have an opinion, and they're not afraid to express it.


Mm. And sometimes in Asia, because we're taught a little bit more, just obey, obey, obey. You don't really have that, that confidence and that assertiveness. And sometimes that doesn't work well here. If you're an Asian person in the West and you have a corporate job and you just keep to yourself, you miss out on promotions because you're just not, you're just not, you know, speaking enough and not bullshiting enough and not, you know, building that social relationship enough. Yeah. Yeah. And do Asian people want to say more? Like, do they have a feeling inside of them where like, I wanna speak up, but I don't think it's appropriate? Or is it I'm afraid, or it's just not part of their capability? Natural capability? I think it's all those things.


I think it's cultural. It's like, I'm afraid, why don't I just mind my own business? You know, put your head down and work hard. But sometimes that doesn't work out well. You know, you can't just put your head down. You gotta put your head up and look at the world and talk some shit. Oh yeah, Dude. That's what standup is, right? Yeah. Oh, you have your head down for a half hour, somebody will start fucking you around here, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a Dangerous area. Have have your head down. Oh yeah. Some fricking Narcan monkey will start fricking jacking you from the back over there, you know? Yeah. So it's definitely, you gotta have your head up, man. Yeah. Is there something do you think that Americans could do to better support Asian people? Like to like, like ask more.


Like, is there something like, you know what I'm saying? Like, because sometimes there's never this communication about how culture should interact and we're all just left to figure it out. You, you Ask me like, I'm the leader of all the Asians, But you came, the door's been open. Yes. For many Moons. Anybody can come. Anybody Can, I mean, just, just come legally. I, I hear you. They're cracking down on that a little bit, You know? But just wipe your phone, you know, wipe your phone before you come. I, what, what can you do? Honestly, I enjoy living in LA because I feel like the Asian food here is probably some of the best in the world. Yeah. Maybe New York is better, I don know. But here, I just drive 20 minutes to San Gabriel Valley, and that's all the Chinese and Taiwanese people.


And that's Koreatown a 10 minute drive from me than Little Tokyo. You just, I like that. Just don't fuck with us. Let us do our thing. Okay. And everybody's happy. You know, Just enjoy, just Enjoy, enjoy our Food. Enjoy the food. Yeah. It's great food. Yeah. It's a lot of good stuff, man. It's not like when I do the Laugh factory, they just don't let me on because I'm Asian. So I really, I feel like I get the No, no, no. I, they don't do that. Oh. I get the same opportunities. I think so. Unorganized over there. Oh, it seems like, I hate to say that, but people, everybody's been saying it, but They've been good to me. You know? They've Been good to you. I, I like the audiences there because it's like, you get such a tourist crowd. Right? Oh, that's a good point. So I feel like I'm playing to all of America, you know, west coast, east coast, middle.


Yeah. Everywhere the south. And I think if a joke works there, you know, it can take it on the road with you. Yeah. It's a good point. I think, I think one thing that makes it tough in there is the lighting. The way the lighting, like the whole room is kind of lit up. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think it creates an ambiance there sometimes where the audience is more involved in the show. That's true. You can see everyone. Right. And then they feel like they're supposed to be involved. 'cause they're kind of not protected from this, like the, you know, 'cause usually the audience is kind of in the dark. Yeah. Yeah. I see that. And so Asian families, Malaysian families, a lot of times you'll live at home. Yeah. It's common. Yeah. More common than here, you Know? That's Cool, man. And Right now in LA hopefully, you know, if things go well, I can buy a slightly bigger house with an A DU then fly my mom over, you know, let her stay with us for what is a few months?


Oh, like a, A DU is like a what? Additional dwelling unit. Oh, okay. So like a separate guest house. Like A Casita or something? A Casita, yeah. Accessory, accessory Dwelling unit. Secondary residential dwelling unit located on the same lot as a primary residence. Yeah. And so essentially a smaller separate living space. So a smaller house for the, the mom and the mother-in-law with their own kitchen. Yeah. Because Asian cooking can stink up a house. It's delicious. But during the cooking process, it, it smells It's bad. It's bad. It smells bad, but it tastes good. Why? What are some of the, is it, 'cause it's a lot of, I'm guessing fish maybe, or Yeah. Shrimp paste. Ooh, God no. Yeah. And then pepper paste a lot of pork.


You know how you cook bacon? The whole house smells like bacon. Yeah. A lot of pork, a lot of garlic. Shrimp paste. You know, sometimes fermented shrimp paste. Ooh, why fish sauces. But why, But why, Why, why? They go, it tastes good, man. Yeah. It tastes good. It adds a different sort of flavor. It adds this thing called umami to your food. Hmm. Yeah. Try it. Umami means what? Umami is like, you know how the tongue can taste like four flavors, sweet, sour, salty, and bitter. Umami is like, the fifth flavor is, is a meaty, meaty savoriness. Yeah. Umami is one of the five basic taste sensations along with a sweet, sour, salty, and bitter. Yeah. And is often described as a savory or meaty flavor.


Hmm. Cheese has a lot of it. You see cheese. So when you eat pizza, that's why it's so good, you know? Oh. It is perceived through taste receptors that respond to compounds like glutamate, ice, iNOS, inate, and gu. Yeah. Which are born in food such as meat, cheese, tomatoes, and mushrooms. Yeah. I'll bring you around some Asian restaurants. Food is my thing. You know, I, I do comedy about food now. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. I know. I gotta I, I want to get into some of that. I want to ask you, I'm just trying to get a little bit more idea Of Malaysia. Just of what it feels like to be in Malaysia. 'cause you don't hear a ton about it. Yeah. And the biggest thing you heard about probably is the plane that you guys lost.


Yeah. Yeah. We still lost, man. Is it really? I Still can't find it. Ugh. It's crazy. What's The word over there? Bring that up. Malaysian three 70. What's going on with it? I think, and the most, I've gone into a rabbit hole about this. Oh yeah. And also ca Kathleen Madigan, she's a comic here. Oh yeah. And she has the best bit, if you want, like, the best standup routine about Malaysian Airlines. Go search Kathleen Madigan mh three 70. Okay. But my theory is the pilot wanted to kill himself. And so he, just because of the way the plane swerved, the, the plane, the, the path the plane took, it swerved past his hometown first before riding off into the Indian Ocean. So he just swerved past his hometown. Just take one last peak.


One. But by, but by that point, all the passengers on the plane were already unconscious. Really goes to the pressure. Yeah. He depressurized the plane, but then the, the, the cockpit, the pressure stays on for a little bit longer. Mm. So he was just taking one last peak at his hometown and then just driving off into the sunset and ocean. It's almost kind of, It's romantic. That's What I was gonna say. I Don't give them any ideas, man. United Airlines don't need to hear this. I hate to say this, but it sounds a little bit romantic. Yeah. Let's play one clip right here. What do we have? Yeah. A disturbing reason for the plane's disappearance on and off search efforts have failed to locate the plane, which disappeared with 239 people on board more than four years ago, 60 Minutes Australia brought together an international group of aviation experts who say that the plane's pilot crashed the flight intentionally.


Joining me now to discuss Guy board Ccb, s A contributor and former chairman of the National Transportation Board Look Company. For sure. And it looks like he probably shorted the Airlines. Oh, he definitely is. Dude. First the flight path that was reconstructed using military radar. What was suspicious about that? Well, The, the plan showed that he was going in and out of various countries between Thailand and Malaysia. One would've thought based on that pattern, that someone would've sent up some military aircraft to look at them. But according to the television experts, they said he did this on purpose to evade the military radar.


Well, one of the experts. Yeah. Well, it's kind of boring. Yeah. What do you expect? You know? Yeah. What Do you expect? And it's like, people like something, it's like hot and go seek. They never found the guy. And people are just wondering where he, We, we find like a, a part of a wing every two years. Ooh. You know, it's like a little fun little treasure hunt. Yeah. It comes up. I ke I keep track of this, man. This is the, this is my true crime. Oh, it is. You know, it's the only thing people know us for. And I, I, I love it. But Also in a way, it's almost beautiful like a place. So like, it almost makes it mystical in a way. Malaysia. Yeah. Oh, thanks. You know, one, one big, the biggest thing that when my fiance, when she traveled to Malaysia for the first time, she's American. Right? So the biggest thing she noticed is, yeah.


She told me she's never seen Muslim people who look Asian. I would say that is the biggest, not culture shock, but the biggest observation you'll get. They look like me, but they're Muslim. Oh, That's a surprise. Yeah. Yeah. Over in the US you don't see none of that. No. You see nothing like that. Yeah. Yeah. You see a lot of people call Muslim slims or whatever. It's like a nickname or Slims. Yeah. It's like a good, it's like a new, I don't wanna say racial slur, but it is what It is. It sounds like it almost one syllable, you know? Just, just, yeah. Look at these slims, right? Yeah. Look at these slims. But I like it. I like, I, you know, Muslims are definitely really ing Yeah. I've learning more. Yeah. Muslims in Malaysia, you know. Well, everybody in Malaysia. They're not slim though. We have like a fat country man.


Oh, it's fat country. Yeah. We're catching up to you guys. Oh, fat. Yeah. And people die early or what? How long are people living over there in Malaysia? Put up a, bring up a co. Not a co, I think bring up a, I think website than you guys. Bring up a link. We love our sugary foods. We love our fatty foods. That's why People Fat dying. Yeah. Fat dying. That'd be a name of somebody. I feel like. Fat Dying. Fat Dying. That's a Vietnamese name. P-H-A-T-D-A-E-N-G or something. Nine Malaysia. 76. 76 years in Malaysia. What's the American average lifespan? I feel like you beat us. Our healthcare system's better though. Well, so I'll tell you about it In a second. It might even out 77.


Oh, okay. So one year, longer Year. It's eight months longer, but Still enough to point and laugh. You know, In your final years


We won UF C3 16. Is this Saturday at 10:00 PM Eastern only on ESPN plus pay-per-view. And it's live from Newark, New Jersey, UF C3 16. It's a stacked card headlined by two. Can't miss Bantam weight title fights. In the main event you've got Rab Dules Wheely makes his second title defense against Su Shawn O'Malley, who looks to regain the ban weight title in a rematch from noche. UFC Su Shawn has changed his game up. He's changed the way he operates online and in life. Let's see if it has an effect on his performance. In the co-main event, Kayla Harrison gets her much anticipated title shot against Juliana Pena, who is making her first title, defense of Her Second Reign. And there's a heat between both ladies in the co-main event with high stakes as the winner might be facing Hall of Famer Amanda Nunez. It's on, you can buy now at plus dot ESPN dot com slash THE. That's plus dot ESPN dot com slash theo. Or click the link in the description below.


Big Guy a fellas Smooth Sack Summer is officially in session. So if grooming game has been a little wild lately, this is your sign to tighten up downstairs and beyond. Ooh, nice boss. And this year, it's not just about staying smooth, it's also about doing good as well. Because Manscaped and the Testicular Cancer Society, a registered 5 0 1 C3 nonprofit, have teamed up to bring awareness to Men's Health while helping you level up your self-care routine. A special edition drop that includes the Lawnmower 5.0 Ultra and the ultra comfy TCS boxers 2.0. But the real reason I'm hyped about this bundle is that every purchase helps raise awareness for testicular cancer. Manscaped has even donated $50,000 to the Testicular Cancer Society. So if you wanna look good, feel good, and do good, grab the TCS Ball Hero bundle while supplies last, get 15% off your entire order with code theo@manscaped.com.


What is, what, what was one of the biggest myths over the years about the Malaysian flight? Was there something that was like, did people think it had gone to like a certain place? Or was it always just a missing plane? I'm trying to, I think there are lots of theories, right. And some people say they, they just entered the Bermuda Triangle and they're all still alive. But yeah, I, I think, I think they're all dead. They just, he just drove the plane until he ran out of gas. Mm. And it just sunk into the ocean. Oh. Everybody was unconscious though, so they didn't have that really scary moment. Right. That's nice. I think it's like a, a less tragic situation than nine 11. You know, nine 11, they're all conscious. They knew they were flying into that building. Yeah. Right. And some people were probably trying to hurry up and get their luggage.


'cause I hate it when people get up on a plane early before it land stops or whatever. Yeah. You know, you see they're out ruffling through the overhead storage. Oh. Some hurried ass, some business assholes. Like, I gotta, I gotta get off first. It's like, bitch, we're fucking Yeah. It dead. Yeah. It's just crazy. But you can, I hate it when people get up early before the plane is like, at the gate, you know? Yeah. And then the, the flight attendant has to tell you, please sit down the, the seatbelt light's still on. Yeah, I know. We, yeah. You fly a lot when you tour in around the us Oh yeah. Or just a big, the, the, my conception, my con concept of us touring is a big ass tour bus with your face on the side of it. Oh, no face. No face. No. I think that would be too ego. I think I wouldn't want my face.


'cause I don't want people to know, like, I don't want people coming and looking for me or, you know, you already have at night. They'll have some, if you do a show in a town, sometimes we'll be in a tour bus. Yeah. Yeah. And see if you bring up, You can put your face on a different bus. That's a good idea. You ride a, a non-descript bus. You put your face on a different bus. Just like the LA City Transit bus. Just Yeah. Your on's face. Just riding around. It's just like a Greyhound bus, like going through Mississippi. It's like, follow us to the next show when you get there. And it's just a bunch of like, people who just get outta prison. Like Yeah. Getting off in ham in Louisiana. Joko has his face on a bus. Yoko has his face on it. Have you had him on the pod? He's like the other leader of Asian people.


Yeah. Yeah. We definitely have had him on Jo's. Special guy. Special guy. Yo. Yeah. Jo Jose. Joseph. Joseph. Joseph. Good guy. There we are right there with the tour bus. Yeah. We do like, oh, nice. Yeah. A lot of times it's just the tour bus, but nothing you under the radar. Nothing really crazy on the inside or outside. We were on a pretty lean ship for the most part. Yeah. When I was on tour in, in the us I just flew to every city. Did you? I didn't even go with an opener on, on tour. I would open for myself. Uncle Roger was my opener. Oh, Really? So I save a bit of money that way. So Uncle Roger is your assumed character. Kind of. It's like a, it's a another the character, but it's just you. Yeah. It's just me with a speak of a stronger accent.


And I'm a little bit grumpier. But You don't wear, you're not wearing a mustache or a cape or anything. I wear an orange polo. Yeah, that's it. That's Uncle Roger There. And it, it just took off because it came a, you know, if you wanna see someone, Uncle Roger mostly complains about food, right? Oh yeah. And mostly about Asian food, like fried rice and, and those things. And if you wanna see someone complain about Asian food, you better be someone like extremely Asian. Right. That adds the authenticity and the comedy of it. Yeah. So that's why I took off the food stuff. Yeah. But yeah, he's, he's just me. The orange polo stronger accent. You know, when I, when I do Uncle Rogers portion in my tour, it's like my old material. I just let the character do it. Oh Yeah, yeah. People love it. That's me.


Yeah. Orange polo. But you know, the bar for character comedy on YouTube is very low. You know, s a good. Oh my God. He just put A shirt. He just put a shirt if he, holy shit. I think the same person Adam raised Dr. Phil is higher effort than, than whatever it is. Is. Oh yeah, dude. It just seemed like the very, the best guy at Home Depot. You know, like a student. You look like a student at Home Depot. Oh, Thank you. Thank you. It's very great, man. Yeah. People love Uncle Roger and people love learning about different food through him. I think that's one thing. Did you, in Malaysia, there's a, I noticed when I was there, there's a big monkey issue, right? It's a Big monkey.


Depends where you go. There's in the city, that's fine. You probably went to this place called Batou Caves. It's like a cave, a Hindu cave. And then when you walk up the steps, there are monkeys will just steal food from you. Right? Yeah. But yeah, that sounds like a monkey issue. Yeah. So what I'm saying is, do y'all eat Monkey? Have you ever had monkeys? Monkeys? No. No. No. Is it, I know some Asians do really, you know, some, I think maybe China's, I've heard, and I don dunno how true this is, You don believe it, but in some places I believe it too, man. They would just have the, a table with a hole in the middle, and then the monkey's head would be just coming through the hole and they would just cut open the monkey's head to eat their monkey monkey's brain as the monkey's still alive and just squiggling Oh, under the table.


Yeah. Yeah. I dunno how true that is, but I like to believe that we eat everything. I love that. Yeah. I love thinking about aging. It's A bit inhumane though, right? It's way, it is next level to the snail mucin stuff. But monkeys are, they deserve some of it. No, They're nice. They're nice, they're smart. They're smarter. Yeah, I agree. Every now and then you see Juan, who fucking, you know, knows how to open bag of Dorito or something. Yeah. They can paint. But overall They're, that's cute too. No. Put monkeys attacking woman for chips. Well, that, that's bias. You can also Google monkeys being cute and loving. Okay. You know, Let's see. Both. We'll do a video for each, The woman who was mauled by a 200, 200 pound chip.


Okay. That's not a monkey. That's like King Kong. You Know, I'm just saying, this lady probably had a little bit of chips on her. I watched some monkeys attack a sister for a sack of vinegar, salt chips one time on a stairwell. Okay. I, I need to know more context, you know? Okay. So go to his version Now. What, what do you wanna pull up? Monkeys being cute. Monkeys being cute In Malaysia. Yeah. Let's do that. Okay, let's see that. Oh, that's a beautiful monkey. Ooh, look at him Back. Face monkey. Looks like it's in back Face now. Okay. Yeah. We have a monkey problem. We have racist fucking monkeys. Yeah. Like look at this monkey dude.


Wow, bro, look at this. Who is that? Oh, that's Justin Trudeau. Look, look, he's not running for office. He's swinging for office from his tail. But that is cute. Come on. He's not attacking no one. No, that's a prime minister. Of Course not. Yeah. Yeah. That's hilarious. Look at this. Here We have, come on. Oh, beautiful monkey. Yeah. He is so tiny. He, that monkey can't beat anyone. Very romantic. What made you decide to go into a food direction on your YouTube man? And, and some of my audience won't be familiar with, with Nigel or Uncle Roger.


And that's okay. Right? That's okay. Yeah. But it's the way you kind of effortlessly kind of just like, I think you seem, this is what it is to me. And this is very judgmental. Alright, Here we go. I'm used to seeing some Asian people be more probably quiet or not have maybe this similar sense of humor. And I think your humor seems very si similar and relatable to just somebody like me. Oh, Thank you. So, yeah. And I, and, and I don't mean it like, it's, it's a judgment 'cause it's like, well, what does that matter? Right. But I think that's why it seems so e like your humor. Sometimes I feel like maybe some Asian humor, I wouldn't get it. Or even if it's an Asian person with American humor, I wouldn't get it as much.


But yeah, yours just seems so like effortless and comes across, man. I feel like every kind family has an Uncle Roger type character. Right. This person likes to talk shit. There's no it all Who likes to talk shit? Loudmouth person who just roasting everyone. Oh, yeah. I think every culture has something like That. Maybe pedophile or none. No, no. Pedophiles. Okay. Keep, keep, keep it, keep it pg. Okay, fine. Whatever. Man. I don't know. Whatever. I'm just asking what the question is. Do they have pedophiles in Malaysia though? They have or no? Yeah, of course. Okay. Yeah, they start young. Some, sometimes they start young. Sometimes it's allowed too. Oh, really? There's different cultures. I think sometimes they, they marry really young and Like the Burmese or whatever, The Burmese, I don't know what specific Asian cultures, but I, I know of other people who are in Malaysia who marry a 14-year-old.


It's rare. It's rare. And it's very frowned upon and illegal. I, I think I, I don't know the Malaysian constitution that well, but we, yeah, every country has a pedophile problem, man. It's just that I think in the US your pedophiles are a higher profile. Yeah. They're they're successful pedophiles here. Yeah. That's crazy. It's like, wow, this guy's great at business. What's his secret? And his secret is pet and kids or whatever. You're like, well that's, you know. Yeah. I'll just do a vitamin D supplement or whatever. You Have a whole island, you know, you have, you have Epstein. Yeah, we had Epstein. It's Great. We don't have someone like that. But Anyways, Asia consent. Malaysia 16, China 14. Okay. Ooh, Japan. 13.


13. Whoa. Hold on. Lower Bob. That's insane. Dude. India, we get back to 18 and South Korea is doing 16. Thailand, 15 legal, 18 effective. What does effective mean? Oh, all right. Bahrain 21. Wow. I That was Old. Yeah. That's cool. Pedophiles need to move away from ba bahrainian. Pedophiles need to move to Japan. Yeah, right. Blame it on Bahrain brother. Wow. Yeah. Oh, why, why, why? Talk about food Question. So you got into food. Yes. You, your, your, your channel seems like it kind of really started to focus more on food.


Yeah. Well, you know, I grew, grew up growing up. I think most Malaysians, most Asians love food. And we have opinions, a lot of opinions on food and where the best thing is and what, what is the best fried rise, for instance, you know, so during COVID, I, I, I, I remember I went full-time, standup comedy, September, 2019. So six months before COVID hit, I was like, finally, I saved up enough money. I got enough paying gigs that I can make a living off of standup. And then COVID hit six months later, I lost all my work. So I had to be like, okay, I have all this time on my hands. What do I do? You know, I have this idea for this character in my head. And then one day somebody sent me that, that very first video, that BBC food, this woman making egg fight rise. And I was just watching and I was just like, this is horrendous be, this is horrible.


So let's put that character idea with this reaction video, YouTube idea. And then things just took off from there. So, and I realized food is relatable, you know, to Asian people, to, to, to everyone. Right. Fried rice. Everybody's had fried rice before. White, so good. Asian and black, you know, doesn't matter what race you are, everybody Likes it. Yeah. Everybody likes it. Everybody has had it, everybody has an opinion on it. Is there fried rice, crispy treats or No? No. We can start one though. That's a good idea. Fried rice, Crispy treats. Put a little packet. I like that, huh? Yeah. But it's too sweet though. Yeah, Baby. Sweet. Maybe You can talk about a savory one. Yeah. Yeah. That, that is the BBC food egg fried rice video. Ooh. The one that I reacted to.


And what is, yeah, who is that? She, her name's Hersha Patel. We did a video together. Wow. She was just, you know, like a collateral damage. She, she was just a presenter. And the BBC gave her this recipe. And Hersha, she's got, her pronouns are heavy in her first name. Yeah. Her shock. Yeah. Oh, wow. So it's, she does a lot of bizarre things, you know, like, I don't care. I would buy her a damn omelet somewhere. Yeah. She's making the rice. And, And so what is she, this is your, you know her? I I, yeah. After the video went viral and she was under a lot of, she got a lot of hate messages About this video.


Yeah. From making bad rice. Yeah. Oh yeah. This is like a Meghan Markle started a video together, effect or whatever. Yeah. Something. And then I realized my videos were critique. When I roast celebrity chefs, I critique food. Those go really viral. They do super well. And then after doing it for a few more years, I was like, okay. People trust me when I, when I talk about food, because I, I try to keep it honest. If the food is good, I say it's good. If it's bad, I say it's bad. So that's why I think, I think I can make, you know, do some good business in the food world. That's why now I have, I have restaurants. Yeah. I'm running a cookbook, all that stuff. And it's fun, man. It's like fun. You know, I've done the, I, I love standup still. I just don't have the time to do it anymore.


And I, I'm taking a break from it because I realized I'm not, I wasn't devoting enough time to it, you know, I, at most, I could do two sets a week, and that's not enough. That's not enough. That's not enough. You get, you feel so rusty, the first 10 minutes of your set, you're getting rid of that rust and you can't really get better. So maybe one day when things settle down a bit, I'll get back to standup because I, I, I love it. It's just that, you know, that instant reaction from people. Yeah. Well it's also, it's, you know, it's funny, I think how, if you try, like was it scary to try your first, that first kind of food video? 'cause it's interesting for a entertainer, if you're in a certain world or space, right? It's interesting to then try something different. You're like, well, my friend does this and it's really neat.


He, he does it super well, but if I do it, is mine gonna be okay? Are people gonna perceive it as okay? Right. I think that's a big fear. Oh yeah. You know, you, I I have friends that do great sketches. Like Shane Gillis does some really great sketches. Like his Yeah, I've seen Gil. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Gillian Kiev. Oh, I love that Isis Toyota sketch. Some of it, it's just so, so funny. And there's times where it's like, I'll think of a great sketch. I'll write it on my phone. And I'm like, well, if I did that, would it be okay? Would I be too? And but it's like, I think you think like that. Right? It's normal. It's normal. It is normal to think like that. But nobody cares, Dude. Right. That's the truth. Right? Yeah. But then, I don't know, if somebody saw somebody doing something like a bunch, you're like, oh, this isn't the avenue for them.


But then if you're, if you have a good instinct for yourself, you would kind of notice that as well. Here's what I'm asking you. Was it hard to do that? Was it hard to just take that leap and be like, I'm gonna try this different thing? Oh yeah. Yeah. You fear? I feared the judgment of every back. Because back then in the uk, nobody was doing YouTube. You know, it was, it was just, we, A weird thing for someone to do. Oh yeah. For a standup to do. People would, other standups would be like, oh yeah, he's just a YouTuber. You know, that kind of, yeah. Remember that was a slur, right? Yeah. YouTuber. Yeah, YouTuber. Ugh. But no hard R on it. YouTuber. Yeah. That's crazy. Dude. YouTuber, please. Yeah, dude. Oh, have you heard that song?


YouTubers can be gay? Yeah. Have you heard it? No, I Haven't. I it. Right. Haven't played. You gotta hear this song. It's great. It's just like a, it's a summer bop that's really taken over and then we'll get back to the hell. Yeah. What a banger. This is that banger, bro. We gotta remix your shit by the summer, dude. Yeah, me Too. Very hard to sing along. That's in your car. He can say this in your car. Yeah. Yeah. You just say this to your friend.


Niggas Be gay. He's not wrong though. They can't be gay. Oh, He's definitely, I support this guy. Yeah. Hey, this guy has a vote for me, bro. It needs to be said. I think. Yeah. That's too much toxic masculinity in in that and n word community sometimes. Yeah. You gotta let the air out the tire a little, you know? That's what I'm saying. Boy, sometimes the best seasoning is a little bit of zest. Yeah. You Know who likes that? Zesty barbecue. They snuck it in on us. They snuck it in on us at that zesty barbecue. But let's go back to what you were saying. Sorry. I just, anytime I get a chance, I love this artist Eves.


And so I just want to be able to support him and put out his song that I think is a banger and has not gotten the, the vibes it should have gotten so far. Or, and it just needs to be resurrected because it's been about eight years since that song came out. What is, I wonder does a, an Asian culture even because Asian culture to me. Right. And I, I know I relate things to culture a lot, but I think it play, it's played a big role in my life, I think somehow. But Asian people seem more reserved overall, right? Yes. We kind of talked about that. Yeah. So is that even scarier to put yourself out there in an Asian, like, as a Asian, you think than it would be in other cultures where it's more like boisterous? You know, I Never thought about this.


I think it would be, you know, in the, in the us I think people here like it when you're being creative. At least they, they're supportive. You know, like, you go, do you, Do you? Yeah. Yeah. People Are more positive here can Be gay too, man, you know? Yeah. Yeah. If you try to put that song, that song in Malaysia, Asians can be gay too. That's not gonna go far On dude. I think, I think in some countries that would be illegal as well. Oh yeah. Yeah. Asians can be gay. Gay, Yeah. Muslims can be gay. Gay too. This dude, that song needs a remake in every culture. Yeah. So I just wondered if it was even scarier and what, like, I guess what got you that, what made you kind of brave enough to take that, to take that leap?


Because in my life I've noticed that the, the toughest thing is just that first step every time. Well, I, I went to university here and that helped. I went to Northwestern and it's, you know, I, I was very lucky I got a scholarship because it's an expensive school, but a lot of people who go there are like very upper middle class, mostly white Midwestern kids. Oh yeah. Fancy. They're all so confident. And even though they have the exact wrong answer, but they're still like just saying it with their chest, you know? Oh, yeah. You're talking about being a Kappa Sig dude, I think. Yeah. Something like that. I, I wasn't in very popular with the, the frat people. Yeah. They, they have their own culture. Right. When you talk about culture frat, it's its own culture, isn't it? Oh yeah.


They like to vomit on each other until somebody's secretly gay. You know what I'm saying? Dude, that's the type shit I'm in too. Type shit. Boy, shout out Pikes. I don't pill gang. Can you still do those things? The hazing rituals? I don just sexual assault, but on pee on your friends. I didn't know vomit could be a lubricant, but hey, here's another bush light, Ricky. Yeah. They just, they're just so, and, and I see them just bullshit their way through university. I'll say, I, I need some of that. I need some of that con, that white male confidence. Not, not too much. You have too much, you become annoying and entitled. Right? Yeah. You have 20% of it. Just a little bit. Not too much. Yeah. You don't wanna turn into Chet Hanks or whatever.


He went to our school, did he? Northwestern? Yeah. Let's go. Nice man. He came to see it. I was in a black sketch comedy group back in university. Chad Hangs and Tom Hangs were at our show once, and Rita Wilson, Tom Tom's wife, And they all came to your Show. Yeah, they came to the show. It was a me and a group of people and black folks. Yeah. Mostly black folk. They always knew one Asian guy and one white person. So I was a token. He was a token. Yeah. Yeah. You got the pass of a DN word in certain sketches you did. Which was cool. Yeah. Oh, wow. They've been in my life at Northwestern. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Hell yeah. That's what the N stands for in Northwestern. Dude. That's what I'm talking about. That's what we need more of. Dude. I've said this for years and not for years, but I've said this for almost four months.


If you had, if you auctioned off the N word, say somebody's gonna say it, right? Like, tonight Uncle Roger is gonna drop the N Bmb at 11:00 PM Right. But you auction it off, you say, we're gonna, I'm gonna donate money to, to watch the stream. I'm gonna pay, they say it and the money goes towards like a black organization. Yeah. I think that work. I think that's a good idea. Yeah. But do you have limitations in how they say it? No, I think they just get, they have to say it within three or four minutes. So they could do like a little bit of a dance ensemble and then say it at the end, like, da da da da da. You know? Hard R or no, hard r I think it's up to them, and I think it's at what price level you pay. Like say Angelina Jolie is gonna drop that thing.


Right? Okay. I mean, I would tune in to watch that. I think more people would like that than that fucking imagine song that they did a few years ago. Oh yeah. Yeah. Imagine words. That's what I'm saying, dude. That's what they need to do. So I'm just saying, 'cause people are always talking about reparations this, reparations that. But you're out here policing people for the n word organized. That's a great idea. And make some money for your community. Yeah. By auctioning it off. People are already saying it. Yeah. For free. That's a problem, dude. I love this. We gotta do that. This is at the United Nations meeting, dude. Let's start a Twitch stream. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. And tonight, yeah.


Who would be the best that you would love to hear? Say the N word. And let's be honest. And this isn't a racial thing, man. This is just about vernacular and raising money for a community. I, I wanna, I wanna see Trevor Wallace say the N word. Yeah. 'cause it, he does not say it, but He, he looks like he wants to say it. Oh, yeah, dude. Oh, if you tickle him. Yeah. Oh, I bet he says it in his sleep. This is sleep talking. Sorry, Trevor. Oh, yeah. He puts the N and Ambien. Dude, you know what I'm talking about. What's up, Kyle? Dude, that would be so great. Yeah, I'd love to see that. Yeah, I would love to see Trevor Wallace and then who's someone that's older that I would love to see. Say it, someone who's probably like in a coma or something.


But if you could get him to whisper it or something for like a, an expensive stream. I'm talking like about a 13, $14 stream. Who's somebody? Look up older people in com as celebrities or people on their struggling, something like that. Old people who are struggling. Put almost RIP You can put on there. Ooh, Clint Eastwood. Oh, that'd be a, that'd be a legend. He did it for first. Huh? That'd be a legend. That'd would be legendary. He says it already. Yeah, he preferred. Oh yeah. I think there's like three movies about him almost saying it about me. Oh, buzz Rin. Definitely. Dude. Yeah, Bro. Is he the guy who went to the moon? Yeah. You know, if you're out in space, you gotta yell it out there one, huh?


Yeah. Nobody hear, nobody can hear it. Only Houston can hear it. We got a problem. Houston. We have a problem. Yeah. Paul Wall, baby. Yeah. I'm the people's champ. We got a problem. Houston bus is racist. Really racist. You don't think a white guy named Buzz was driving In bombs after a few whiskeys? After a few whiskeys and fake trips to the moon? You don't think he's driving a fucking inbox? First of all, if you send me to a fake moon and drug me up and send me to a fake moon, I get one inbound man. Yeah. He could open up for Angelina Jolie. But it's just good to think about how you can raise money. And that's where I'm at. It's like, you know, are we raising money or not?


Yeah. Because I, I wish we had a such a cool, like racial slur for Asian people. You know, we got, we got chink, but it's nowhere near the right cultural coolness. Yeah. I'm trying to think of Chopped dogs would be good. Chopped dogs. But that's kind of fun. Yeah. That's funny. That's funny to say. Look at my chopped dogs right here. Yeah. Look at best Asian racial slurs, if you can. Sorry, That's probably on X, not on YouTube. Yeah. Best Asian slurs. Yeah. At Elon. But you can, we're gonna need, yeah. Excuse me. Gr do you know if these slurs are definitely Asian? Let's just look up a couple. I don't wanna get crazy. Yeah. Have you had Elon on the pod?


I have not. Oh, Mama son. Mongolo. I thought that was for like Down syndrome people. It's not for Asian. That's just redneck people who don't know how to say Mongolia. Mongolias. Yeah. I I, we have some Mongolo beef. Look, I ate so much of it. I can't even fucking read that Well anymore. My forehead got bigger after 80. And Mongolo be, my eyes got sunken in. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. We gotta get outta here, dude. Dude, you know what you need to do is do a show with my friends over there in Australia When you go, Which one? Sean and Marley. Oh, these guys?


Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've done like some reactions to chefs with Down syndrome and they're, they're great. They Can cook. Oh, these guys are the best. One of 'em doesn't have Down Syndrome. One of 'em does, and I'm not even sure, but you go to their home. The greatest experience I had in Australia was spending time with these guys at their home. Really? Went to their homes. Nice. And you pull up, dude, it was just unbelievable. But that would be an amazing crossover. Oh, that's You. Oh, nice. And they would love to have you there, man. I've worked with Down Syndrome kids before. I used to volunteer down syndrome, Like daycare factory or whatever. That's, and that's a joke. That's because a lot of this little Asian factory work, and I didn't think it was funny. Yeah. The most joyful people.


Oh, just happy For sure. Dude, you tickle 'em. They can't even feel it because they're already feeling that good. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Is that, is that true? Yeah. Oh, Shit. They're already feeling at a level of being tickled. Oh, I didn't know that. How'd you find out about that fact? Oh, That's easy one. Is that a grok question as well? Oh, that's Grok do Down syndrome. People feel tickles. I'm not. You're going to jail, dude. You're definitely going to jail.


Did Rocket Money cancel a subscription for you? That would've been time consuming or confusing to cancel? It did for me. I was latched on a, I was paying for something. Bacon, Bach, or Bacon bundle or something where they just dang hit you with a, a month full of bacon that first week of a month and Rock. I forgot about it. I'm over here just dang whole home. Home smells like pork, but Rocket Money figured it out and put it to an end. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $470 a year when they use all of the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter my show name This Past Weekend with Theo Von in the survey so they know I sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from our show.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. I've, I've benefited from Therapy. Jeepers. I need it. And I go to it and sometimes I don't go to it, and then I need it again. I need a good friend. I need somebody to listen. Right? I think that's something we all need. There's so much blab or out in the world. Heck, even me talking Right now is kind of putting me out of it. But when you need help, Better Help is there. With over 35,000 therapists, Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. And you can switch therapists at any time. So if you're afraid about parking at a therapy place or going down to the church for a certain type of meeting that you might, people might see your car out front, Better Help is there. And as the largest online therapy provider in the world, Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, talk it out with Better Help. And our listeners get 10% off their first month at Better Help dot com slash THE. That's better. HEL p.com/theo.


How's the Middle East trip? Man? I, I was watching the clip of you doing that show that that must be a tough crowd when you did good. Oh, it's nice of you to say that's you being very nice. That show was hard. I'll tell you what. Ha. So they weren't supposed to be recording the show. That was part of the agreement was there would be no recording. And I get out there and then there's 20 news cameras. Oh, shit. And so I'm like, well, what do I do now? Like, I ha you know, I can't just draw all my material because then it'll just be out there. Right? Yeah. It's like, and I'm trying to maybe do a special at some point. And, and then, so that was a, that nice. Yeah. Those are thabes, right? Okay. Th that's Qatar, right?


Qatar, yeah. Guitar. Okay. And it was so cool, man. But yeah, so I get out there and then there's an audience in front of me, behind me saw to this side of me saw. Yeah. And half of each one of them can't speak English. Oh, they still laughed though. I heard laughs I heard of applause. Breaks People. I think a lot of that You made fun of the Navy. They loved it. Oh yeah. That part was the best part was calling 'em k Ku Klux Sandman. That was my favorite. That was the only thing. And at that point I was like, at least, if anything, they flew somebody over here to say that. Yeah. You know, that must be a tough crowd. It was scary. Scary. It feels like a corporate crowd, but tougher. Well, I just didn't expect the camera, so suddenly everything has to change.


You're like, what do I do now? I I, you know, and so it was just like this interesting mix. But then I, I also, like, before I went out there, I was like asking God, I was like, just don't make it about me. Let me just try and do my best. Like, you know, so I, and then I realized it is just, you're over there to have fun. So we stayed after him and took a ton of photos and it was cool, man, just to be on the base and see like, you know, I've done some military tours in the past, but just to be there and just see what people just, what people are living like over there and what the environment is like over there. Yeah. And then we got to, we got to drive across town and all the buildings have bring up like a basic, or what's it called? Common structure structuring in Qatar.


All of their stuff have, like, the castle. Like, you know, that like castles are kinda like that on the top of them. Let me see. I don't fully understand. Like, you know the rook in when you're playing Rook Is a castle. Yeah. The rook is the castle of the top. So it has the castle top. You know how the top of the Castle is like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All of their buildings there like that. Ah, Oh really? Wow. She'll be driving by a place and you're like, oh my God, is that a palace? And they're like, that's a KFC dude. Every building there has the castle in tops and it's all very uniform. And there's nothing out of place. There's not a tree out of place. There's not a a, a curve of a sidewalk out of place. Nothing's un It's like, wow. It's unbelievable.


Yeah. They have a lot of money because everybody there gets subsidized from the government if you're a Qatari citizen. Yeah. But it's impossible to be a Qatari citizen, isn't It? Right. It only travels through the mail. So you can't just, and you can't just have a baby on the land and it's a citizen. Yeah. Can you be gay and marry a male and, and get it that way? Let's see. That's a great question. 'cause you always hear that you can't be gay there or whatever. And, and it's funny, they had the secret service there, and I kept going up to it, and I'm like, what's your secret? If you're gay, just say, if you're gay, what's your secret? You wore your mom's underpants. Like, what is it? And every now and then we would slightly show me a gun, Just like, Shut the fuck up.


And then that's when I would listen to n words can be gay too, on my phone. Just to fucking Just play. Just play that in the ears Pathways to Qatari citizenship. Citizenship is automatically granted anyone born to a Qatari father, regardless of birthplace. Oh, interesting. Children of Qatari mothers and non Qatari fathers may apply for citizenship, but only under strict con conditions are not guaranteed citizenship. Foreigners can apply for citizenship after at least 25 consecutive years of lawful residents. Wow. Wow. With no more than two months spent outside the country per year. So that, Oh my God. With no more than two months spent outside the country year. Whereas in America, you could hang your lower half over a fence and drop something over here and it's American.


Yeah. You know, which is kind of cool. Actually. I think there's that golden visa thing in America now. Right? $5 million or something. They're giving that away. I think it's through America's Got citizenship. Yeah. I think Howie Mande is one of the hosts of it, but dual citizenship is not permitted. Applicants must renounce their previous citizenship upon naturalization. Wow. I think that's important. So you can't be gay. Oh wait. Legal status of same sex marriage. Okay. Same sex marriage. Civil unions and domestic partnerships are not recognized or legal in Qatar. Mm. Qatari law influenced by traditional Islamic principles, criminalizes same sex sexual activity, and does not recognize any legal status for same sex. Couples.


Cohabitation outside of heterosexual marriage is also illegal. Wow. So there's no way for us to be Qatari citizens Hmm. In our next life. I believe in reincarnation. You know, I'll meet you there, brother. See you there, man. Play our song. What is the, what's the improper way to cook rice? Just for, for whites, boy and listeners of this. Oh boy. That's When I built my whole career off of it. Is it really? I think the, the proper way is to just get a rice cooker. Yeah. You know, you have one of those. No, I lived with an Asian girl when I first moved to Los Angeles.


We, She needs to educate you on that stuff, man. Oh, we couldn't even afford heat. We would put, we sometimes we'd have her turn that on in our room for a little while. Oh shit. But now, now things are different now. Right. You can't afford a rice cooker now. Oh yeah. I can have a rice cooker in each room. Yeah. Now, You know, you could just be making rice. You can have an Asian in each room making rice for you. That's how hard you can afford That. I would love that. A little cinnamon Asian, The sugar book person. Yeah. $80 a week. Just come make rice for me, girl. But a rice cooker is great because it just tastes care of everything for you. And when it's done, it keeps it warm. Ah. So you can just press play, go out, do your thing, come back. Rice is ready. That's it. And it smells good. It's Perfect. So no way to do so. So doing anything crazy with rice where you're boiling all that, it's kind of ridiculous.


You can just do a rice cooker easy. Yeah. Because every time, every time in, in the west. Okay. Here's the difference in the, in Asia, you ask someone how to make rice, they're like rice cooker. The story's over, over here. I asked em how to make rice. They give you this long mathematical equation with science and, and how, yeah. How many cups of water to one to three ratio of rice to water. It's a whole science lab breaking bad project. Yeah. It's like Andrew Huber been making rice kind. Yeah. Like, we don't need that. We don't need a whole podcast to make one bowl of rice. Yeah. You know? So I, I recommend everybody just get a rice cooker, you know, make life easy for yourself. Yeah. Make it simple. Just do that. Do you cook a lot at home? I I only eat two things, honestly, which is at home smoothie.


Okay. I eat one smoothie that has blueberries, spinach. That's, That's good. Walnut. But that eating though, that, that's not eating it. Protein powder. Okay. And food What food? Lac milk. A little bit of cinnamon. Half teaspoon of st Mets mushroom powder. Some arm arma. Arm colostrum. What else? Oh, half a teaspoon of algae sea algae powder. That's That's fine Grain. Fine grain. I don't like that choppy shit. What is, what's colostrum Arma? It's something that, it's, it's in baby milk. Is that Placenta? It's Something in baby milk. Oh, okay. I love Is it good for you?


I mean, was baby milk good for you? Probably. I don't remember now. Oh, you imagine that? Yeah. I need to ask my mom. Was I healthier when I'm sucking in your tit? Oh, I'm sure I was. You look at me now. Fucking trouble. And I'm fucking spray tan in my back. 'cause I'm losing pigment. God damn. Yeah. Just getting wider and wider, man. I Love that. Damn baby milk. Titted milk. Colostrum. Where'd you get that? Looks like an airon thing, isn't it? They started dealing it. I think we actually do po I think we, honestly, I think we even do some ads for them, but, so I mix that together in a blender. That is my, that's my smoothie. That's what I have every time. And then other than that, sometimes at night, about 45 minutes before bed, I'll make myself a ground beef quesadilla.


Okay. Okay. You gotta expand your palate, man. Give it a try. I don't want that. I'll bring you around, I'll bring you to Korea Town. But Why is it that every time Asians, they want to take you somewhere to fucking feed you? That's the thing, Bro. Yeah. We don't, we don't like cooking at home. Oh, Really? Because cooking at, there's so much good food here. The cooking at home is almost arrogant. You think like what you, you think you can do better than this place? You know? So I gotta I gotta bring you somewhere true. Oh, Create some, some, some joy. Let you see some shit. Eo. That's your restaurant Fuo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuo fio. It's Uncle Roger. That's the restaurant name. Yeah. Congratulations, dude. No, thank you, man. Thank you. That's so awesome. That's only in Malaysia Right now.


Hopefully you'll expand this concept to all of Asia. But later this year, hopefully we also have something, a new concept opening in London. Really? Yeah. Different. Different. Oh, this is the first time I'm saying it to the world. Shit. But yeah, we have, we just got the lease for a place in London. Let's go. Completely different restaurant name and stuff. Eo. Thank you. Fuo is like a Malaysian slang for saying fuck. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Fuo Fuo. Yeah. Yeah. I love that dude. It's exciting, man. So cool. And when you went there for the first time, did you have to go and help design the actual restaurant? How did that, how hands on are you in? Something like that. Right. Certain aspects.


I came up with a few of the, the fried rice recipes. So fio, it's Uncle Roger is a fast, casual fried rice restaurant. Okay. So you get fried rice as your base. You can add toppings to it. Oh, It sounds so good. Oh, it's good, man. We are very proud of our fried rice. And I came up with a few of the recipes. You know, the, the, this Kim, this is a kimchi fried rice. So I decided, yes, we need some seaweed. We decide how we wanna plate it. You know, the seaweed on the side and the perimeter and how you wanna chop the spring onion that many ways. You chop spring onion, you gotta find the perfect way fo Yeah. Yeah. It's all a little like bright color that a little, a little corny from a western eye. But it, it works for Asia and we like cutesy things. And also a lot of kids like it.


Younger people like it. It works. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah. Well, also I think getting younger people to like, especially like younger American people to like, just to try something a little bit different, right? Yeah. Like, I think my nephews would love this kind of thing. Man, look at An egg man. Look at how runny it is. Oh, that is, that's not a decision to make. You gotta make the sides crispy and the yolk runny. That's what Asians like, Yo Fool. You could add some eggs to your diet man. Oh, fool. Yeah. And some runny eggs to your quesadilla, to your ground beef quesadilla. I do very, I do a little bit of cheese on there. Shredded cheese quesadilla. And that, that's real. That's the two things you eat, swear to God every day. That's The only thing that For real, you're not Joking. That's the only thing is it's at my house to eat.


And the only thing is that's at my apartment too. Oh, wow. So I have that. Put a cheese, put a layer of ground beef. One more layer of cheese. Take some salt, sea salt, put it on there, top on it. One napkin over it in the microwave. Probably a minute. 15 seconds. When it comes out, I push down on the napkin to strengthen that cheese and that meat combo. Put it all together, make it a team. Mm. Then I'll cut it. I second. I take that napkin off. I cut it four in two, one across one of the bottle. I make four pieces. Do not let it get too cold, brother. It gets Bad. I need to open a restaurant here, man. So, experience the joy. Joy of eating. Oh, I would love that, man. I would love to be associated with your restaurant. Yeah.


Part of part of why I took a break from standup is because it eats into my dinner time. That's how much I like food. That's true. It's, it's real man. Right. You do a show on tour, it's like, I, I have to sound check at like five and then stuck in the green room. You're just eating a cold salad. And then after the show, you just wanna drink. You don't want to eat. Ah, yeah. You're just, you know what I mean? Yeah. You're, well, you're a little bit heightened up. And, and then otherwise you're eating at like 11 o'clock at night. That's never super fun. No good restaurant's still open at 11. Nothing. Yeah. Even if you try to set up something in advance, you know? Yeah. It, it, it won't stay open sometimes, but you can order food. But yeah, it's touring is a, it's a hectic lifestyle. Yeah. How do you stay fit when you're always eating? Do you also have to take care of yourself?


Or do you want to get turn into fat? Yo? No, I think I gotta take care of myself, man. I wanted my, my life expectancy to go a little, a little beyond that. So I just work out. I try to, I try to let my dinner be my all-out meal. My, every every dinner is my cheat meal, but every other meal is like a healthy thing. I try. I try And Do you eat breakfast? Do Malaysians eat breakfast? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got some good, good breakfast, man. I think. Best breakfast in the world. We got rice for breakfast. See, that's the part. I'm open to it. I think you just, I would have to get, let's Try it. Search, search this. Search. Na lama. NASI. Yeah. Malaysian breakfast. That's per the first image. That's, that's the one we have.


So look at, look at the variety. Mm. Rice, peanuts, the samal paste. A red paste there. Fried chicken sometimes. What's a samal paste? It's like chili shrimp paste. Mm. You know, God. It does, it's, it, it tastes, I'm getting hungry now. Just thinking About this. And those are sardines. I think This, Huh? Those are sardines. Those Are fried. Deep fried anchovies. Oh, fried crispy. I feel like this, the joy of this image is lost on you, Theo. I could see that. Yeah. Look at that. It served on a banana leaf. Look at how appetizing that is. You know? And then look at, look at that one. The one from medium. The one, yeah, that one. So this is another Malaysian breakfast. This is more Indian Malaysian style. I like this one. See, you have the, the roti, the, the thin bread.


Slightly crispy and airy. You dip it in that yellow doll. Oh yeah. Ah, man. Again, it beats any ground beef quesadilla, man. But in Qatar, they had a lot of beautiful sauces and stuff too. Yeah. We love sauce is what makes life worth living, you know? Yeah. Add that to your chorum. You're Right. Dude. Smoothie or something. You're right. Dude. I'm a fucking idiot. What am I doing? There's all this great food and I'm eating the same shit all the time. What a fucking loser. Yeah. Yeah. We should make a video. Do do you like, maybe like me off? Dude, maybe you can make Uncle Roger your, your meal. And then I'm little. Let Him judge it. No, dude, I'm fucking losing my mind, bro. You know, I gotta get it together, man. Yeah. And we'll bleep that word out. Sorry, that was a little bit out of, out of sorts.


Yeah. And the shirt you're wearing too. That, that's the National Flower of Malaysia. You wanna know more about Malaysia? That's a hibiscus. Is it? Did you wear that for me to Show respect? Yeah. Oh, thank you, man. I'll take it. Look at that. Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah. We have a lot of respect for Asian culture here. Thank you. And I think we want, Oh yeah, that's Japanese, but You know, it is. Yeah. I, I, That's ha mean must huh ha ha mean muste. I Dunno what that means. Oh, I know one word. Oh, Our friendship begins. That's what it means in Oh, Japanese. Oh, thank you. Hi. Ha. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. High, high. High, high, high. Hi. I, I love the way they say thank you in Japan. It just, it just bow at you. Yeah. The most polite Asian people I know.


You know? Have you been there? Have you toured there? Beautiful. Yeah, I've been to Japan. I haven't toured there though. Oh, you should tour there. I think you can get a good crowd. You think so? The Expat crowd. Yeah. And then maybe a few like random Japanese people who got lost. Yeah. Yeah. Just Saw a sign. I like the, the haircutter. They just end up with your show. What? Yeah. Dude. The thing of let's, what are some of the, like some Asians get no credit. The Laotians, right? Yeah. Lain people. Yeah. Never Met. They, I, I pissed them off one time. Did you? Because I said, what did I say? Oh, Uncle Roger said Cambodian and, and Latian food is like a shit version of Thai food.


Mm. And they get mad when didn't sell their food, man. Yeah. Latian. Yeah. Laan and Cambodians. Oh. I still think it's okay. Maybe not Lao, but Cambodian food. Yeah. It's kind of true in a way. I think Thai Thai people perfected that region's food. You think so? Yeah. Because they, they took inspiration from the Latian people, their own Thai people and Cambodia. You guys bombed them to shit. So that's why they couldn't Yeah. That's why It's hard to eat with the bombing. Yeah. I know. It's hard to enjoy your noodles when there's a landmine next to you. Just Like, Don't drop the chopstick. It's gonna trigger the explosion. Yeah. I've been to Cambodia. It's sometimes it's, it makes me sad. You've Been to Cambodia? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been to, what's it called?


That, that, that C En Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And, and it's right next to Vietnam. Yeah. Yeah. And is it makes you sad because of just the aftermath of the war there and stuff? Yeah. Aftermath of the war. And you just see people who, who've lost limbs. Oh. You know? 'cause you planted and there're still active landmines there. Oh. So you never, you can't venture you can't just venture off the, the path. You know, the, the tour guide tells you don't walk off the path. Everybody's walking. You might step on a landmine. Oh Yeah. Who has that song? Landmine. Who is that? Landmines can be gay To Jazz hands. Oh, it's Bruno Mars.


Catch a grenade for you. That song. Oh yeah. That's what I'm thinking of. Bruno Mars. I'll catch a grenade for you. Oh. But no, that is heartbreaking. Can you bring that up? Is that true? How much landmines are still in Cambodia? Yeah. That's heartbreaking. Yeah. It's your And did we put them there? I think so. Oh, I think, what's the, the guy who, the, the president Who, who, who passed away last year? I think. Joe Biden. No, I'm kidding. He's still kicking. He's still kick, I think Jimmy Carter. Oh, Jimmy Carter. Yeah. Jimmy Carter. Was he the one who, this was some, somebody. I don't fully know that the history. I just know that you guys were, you know, highly responsible in fucking Up, I'm, lemme see.


Millions landmines. Cambodia is one of the most heavily landmine contaminated countries in the world. With estimates ranging from four to 6 million landmines and unexploded ordinance scattered across the country. At the, as of the end of 2022, Cambodia had identified 681 square kilometers of land contaminated with anti-personnel landmines. God. Yeah. New areas of contamination are continually being discovered, making the precise number of landmines difficult to determine. Click on that third article over there. Human Progress on February, 2025. Prime Minister, how do you say it? I Don't know. Oh, Damn.


Yeah. Highlighted the remarkable achievements in Cambodia's ongoing mind clearance campaign over the past 32 years, since its inception in 1992, the in initiative has successfully cleared nearly 3,300 square kilometers of landmines. Man. Yeah. They have more landmines than you have, like Starbuckses here. Yeah, But I mean, it just puts hop scotch on a whole new fucking level, huh? Yeah. Advanced hopscotch and high stakes hopscotch. Just draw the lines. Oh, good luck, Dude. This is horrible. It's like, It's like a squid game over there. Hop scot squid game. All you need is like a simply safe camera set up on a tree over there to get your squid game. Season three. Oh yeah.


What is this? What Asian have the most, like a lot of Asians squint when they look right? Yeah. Yeah. Which Asian have the, I mean, every race squint when they look, come on, you squint when you look too. Oh Yeah. I look a little Asian man. Yeah. You got a little Asian in you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm And what, but who, what Asian have the most squint? Is there one that, like what Asian has the one where you just wanna put a couple quarters in their face. You know what I'm talking about? Type of shit. You know, The squinty eyes, the Squint Asians, I don't know, may, maybe Mongolians because bring 'em up. Bring up a Mong. Yeah, because they have like really puffy cheeks in the Oh, So the, it's a, So it just pushed the cheeks, pushed the eyelids up, maybe.


Oh, Beautiful. I I love that. Yeah. Squint. What? Let me see what you search. Let me see the Google search. Yeah. Show the search. Man. My agent. Have the squidious eyes. I mean, that's gonna get us in trouble, dude. Oh man. I love, I would love to be on this brainstorming session when, when you guys had me on yesterday, The brainstorm session. Nigel's coming. What can we ask him? I dunno. Ask him. We're afraid to say your name out loud in case this place is bugged by fucking Memphis pd. Dude. Yeah. That's another grok question. Yeah. Bring it up on gr as well. See if they can help us. Some people say Japanese people 'cause like the blast was so bright.


It like that they have Like a, they need permanent sunglasses. Well, it, like, it was a lot for the community Stereotype. It's all heartbreaking, man. Oh, it's a stereotype tied to East Asian populations. It's not a stereotype if it's kind of true. Right? Oh no. Bring up some wide-eyed Asians in, let's see that. 'cause it, this could all be bullshit. You Say, when I see, when I film myself on camera, I have to make sure the camera's positioned a certain way. If there's an emotion I wanna convey. Because otherwise when I look down, it's just a, it's just a slit. Yeah. You know? So I know I experienced that problem. Ooh, there's some beautiful, yeah, I think it's a stereotype, man. We might wanna get rid of that stereotype. I don't know if that's true. I think it's true, man. What are, what are common plastic surgeries that some Asians get in order to adjust themselves?


We make her eyes bigger. Make her eyes bigger. Yeah. Well look at the, one lady's got one eye big and one eye regular. Look at that second row. Left. Left. Oh, that's makeup. Nuh. And I think contact lenses. Let's see. That's makeup. Let's play it. Yeah. That's, that's crazy. Asian bring catfish to a whole new level. Yeah. Ooh. It's like one of those rar shark church. No, you search like crazy Chinese makeup. And you, you'll see it on TikTok. But the, the beauty of it is, is how much, how artistic and that Asians are. Yeah. But it takes ages. It takes so much time out of your day.


Yeah. Asians, they call 'em. Yeah. At this woman just transform. Yeah. Act Like an Asian. Oh, she puts a fake nose on to make the nose slimmer. Oh, look at this, huh? Oh, it's Rob Snyder. Fake Slimer. This is a joke, Rob. Wow. This is really, this Is what Jeff Bezos's wife does. You know? This is crazy, bro. This really happened. I think this is a rare case, you know? Yeah. All over Rob, though. Getting close, dude.


Yeah. He's the after. That's almost l king at least. Yeah. He's the after bro. Rob just performed down in Louisiana was pretty cool. Yeah. What, what else can we talk about real quick? How Many episodes do you put out a week? Three. Four? No, two. No, no, no. No. One or two. One or two. We put out six a month. Ah, okay. So that's kind of where we're at in the space Right now. It's interesting because, you know, over time you start thinking like, well, you start learning more stuff. Yeah. So then there's more stuff you wanna talk about. Right. And then you start thinking, well, I wanna, you know, if people are listening, I want to introduce 'em to things that I like, that I think are neat.


You know, or people that it's like, oh, maybe they wouldn't know about, you know? Yeah. Like, if half of our audience doesn't know about you and they listen and they love you. Like, I've had a great time chatting, man. It's been very fun. Same. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I was like, kind of worried. I was like, I don't know what it's gonna be like. But He's a normal guy, man. You're hilarious, dude. God, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So funny dude. And so I'm like, yeah. I think it's just things like that. And then I would like to be able to learn more stuff. Like have people in to learn more. Mm. You know, we're trying to have a healthcare, like a doctor from Gaza who's been in like over there. Oh, come on. We're trying to have somebody come on about dopamine and like, the effects of like dopamine addiction and kind of where we are as like, especially as men, you know, being addicted and then always jerking off.


We always talk about that kind of stuff. And if we can get better, you Gotta get that guy who's trying to live forever. The Brian Johnson guy. Yeah. We saw that guy. Huh? Yeah. I'm, I'm fascinated by him. He's almost Korean, huh? Yeah. He looks like it. Everybody turns Asian after a while. Like Ariana Grande Ohit look is Asian. Oh yeah. As they call it in some places. Asana grande. Asana grande. Yeah. Look at this guy. Definitely. Yeah. He's, he's, he is turning into a K-pop star. Oh. Play our song again real quick.


Roger. Roger. Roger. It's no, it's no bedtime. It's no bedtime. Yeah. This is crazy, man. And do Asian people think like they wanna live forever? Is that more of an American thing? I think it's an American thing, man. We, we accept our fate, you know? Really? But that's what I like about you guys. You think you can change things and sometimes you can, you know, maybe he will live forever. But I have so many relatives who are like old and given how annoying they are, I don't want them to live forever, man. Like, imagine if you're this annoying at 70, imagine if you're 700. Oh, How annoying would you be The worst? Yeah. Just, That's part of the reason why I wanna do my wedding in Europe.


So hopefully none of none of them can come, you know? Yeah. It's too far. You have a hip replacement. Oh, dude, definitely. 'cause a lot of the air travel really wear on some of that metal. Yeah. They can't even walk through the t s a line. They start beeping. Yeah. They need, yeah. I'm trying to think about Asians, but In a sense, in a sense, you, the thing you wanna do with your channel introducing people to more things. That's kind of the same what with what I want to do, you know? Yeah. Especially from a food, because food is so tied to culture. Mm. Right. So there are a lot of videos where Sure. You know, a lot of them is me roasting celebrity chefs. But there are also a lot where Uncle Roger travels to a place that, my recent one, I went to Thailand and I got someone who lives there to show me Mark Weins another big food person.


Oh, you ate at 6:30 AM you ate in the morning. Oh yeah. Thai green curry in the morning are the best I've, I've tasted. It's so good. And I feel like a lot of the times when Western people go to Asia, they always show the weirdest parts of what Asian people eat. You know? Yeah. Like, come eat these cat nuts or whatever. Huh. Yeah. So I feel like me doing this is kind of like, almost like an insider view of Asia compared to like a western perspective of Asia. And I feel like that's my little contribution to the internet. Hmm. Yeah. Oh, there you go. Oh Yeah, that's me. And that's just a, oh shit, that's just a secret. Curry spice. I look good. This is a high effort podcast, man. You got a Photoshop person on board. Well, Yeah, we got one guy.


But it's just a secret seasoning you're selling. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be Great. That's, that's a chili sauce. That's my new chili sauce. Well, I think Asian food is just expanding in the US I'm sure that it's just growing. Yeah. Look that up. Is Asian cuisine growing in America? It must Be. Oh, definitely. Definitely. And there are so many of us globally. You know, If Asian, yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Asian. Oh, you see one Asian, you've seen 'em all. That's the old motto. Yeah. Asian cuisine is growing, Is growing in popularity in America. This is reflected in the increase of Asian restaurants. Well, that's easy to say that. So It's getting more and more specific. Oh, sorry. Please read first. Go back Up. Us visitors to Asia saw a 33% jump while Oceania and Central America each saw a 30% increase.


So people just traveling. Yeah. Traveling overall is just increasing their palate. Japan is the gateway drug to Asia, because really Americans love Japan. Then when they get there, they love it so much. Then you get the courage to explore other parts of Asia, Thailand, Cambodia. Yeah. See the landmines, you know? Yeah. See the lady boys in Bangkok. Oh Dude. You know? Yeah. They'll both blow you up. Yeah. One one's a little nicer, I think, you Know? Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I think, I think Thailand's been doing the tra thing for a long time. They've they've nailed it. Yeah. I think, you know, And that's growing too. Men that prefer trans women and bring that up.


How much are people enjoying more trans sexual, But the trans people in Thailand are, are like, hot, hot. Oh. You know, they, they pull a of effort into, into their, that process. Oh yeah. They're not just these bootleg trans people. They Have pageants. They have competitions. Yeah. Here we just have some fucking fit Ginger running around with a bra on during the streets of New Orleans during Mardi Gras, and he's yelling that he's into something new or whatever. It's like, bitch, you're not, you're just a fucking some Saint Patrick's day bear. Yeah. You know, These are men right here. Yeah. They're All dudes, man. Well, well what are we, if you hadn't have told me that I would be empty in an hour, I'm just saying, sometimes people just say, wiener is just long pussy.


I, I, I, I don't think anybody said that. I think it's just you Theo. A wiener is a log pussy. I mean it, I think that's just you, man. I think it's something you hear if you put your, if you know, if you, if You really dig the internet, dig deep. Wiener's just that long. Perge who won the pageant was inaugurated in 1998. Okay, let me get a little bit more of this. 'cause this is really fascinating. Sandra Bema pan collapsed to the floor and shed tears of joy after she was announced the winner of the 25th Miss Tiffany pageant held at the Tiffany show Theater in Patia on Sunday night. So Rudy triumphed after failing to catch the judge's eye on four previous appearances as a Miss Tiffany contestant.


Wow. Miss Tiffany. A nod to the pageant's original goal of promoting human rights and equality for transgender people in Thailand and around the world. Are transgender people accepted in Thailand? Yeah, they are. Yeah. So it's a big part of their culture. It's a big part of their culture. They've dealt with this shit. They're ahead of the time. You know, I think the arguments people have over here about the trans issue, I think Thailand probably had that 20 years ago. Mm. So now it's just part of society. They don't even think about the pronouns. They just get called like she her or whatever they wanna get called. So it's nice. I think we can learn from that a little bit. For sure. Yeah. I think, yeah. These people are beautiful.


Wow. This is a That's a young lady, huh? Yeah, they look good, man. Hey. It's like you don't know what you don't, you know, don't come on my back and tell me it's raining. You know? That's that old Yeah. Wives tale. I think you got tour Thailand, Thailand next. Wow. I don't know. I Don't want, you wanna risk finding out you enjoy this. I don't know. You just, you know, you don't want to accidentally bring sand to the fricking wiener beach or whatever, you know? But Yeah. Oh, No, dude, I think this is great. Yeah. But I think the issue that we have in America, and that's just a joke, but I think the issue that we have in America is that it's, you have men using mostly for sports. Right? It's like if you're going over to play sports and you know you're a biological male.


To me it just feels like you're cheating. Right? Yeah. We should have A-A-A-A-A-A-A class that's just for trans people and let them compete there. Yeah. Yeah. Let and let it be a new thing that we embody and embrace. And that's the thing I would try to start, if I'm trans, like, don't put me in with men or put me in with women if I'm not exactly as them. Let me do something new. You know? I think that's why they have the pageants. So they keep them busy with the pageants so they don't do sports. Oh, that's a good point. Oh yeah. If you're too busy. Yeah. These, these are actual biological women and they don't look near as good. Nearly as good as the That's A good point, huh? Yeah. Maybe we're coming to a unique time in culture where men are tired of being men, so they would rather spend their time looking like women and women are tired of being women and they would rather Spend time looking like men.


Yeah. You can do whatever they want, man. I think if you become a woman, that's a benefit too. You can actually become a Qatari citizen. Right? Oh, that's a good, good point. They Can marry the, the, the Qatari male citizen. So yeah, there's a loophole. That's A loophole. Mm. I like this. Huh? That's the dessert on the menu at food. Food. FF It's Uncle Roger. Yeah. At that is hurt is a secret path to Qatari citizenship. I like that. I like That. One last thing I wanna talk to you about. Oh, you hear a lot about Taiwan in China, right? Oh, Oh yeah. That's got into some trouble there a few years ago. Just what? Talking about it or what do you I just had a joke. If you search Uncle Roger vs.


China, I just did a bit that it works all over the world. I did that bit in Bangkok and Toronto and LA works all over the world. So I kind of just wanna gently rose Taiwan and gently rose China. And then right after that, all my Chinese social media accounts got banned, you know? Really? Yeah. That was two years ago. Everything got wiped. If you search Uncle Roger on those Chinese social media apps, you, you'll, you'll find nothing. Even though I had like hundreds of thousands of followers before that. Really? Yeah. And did you have Oh yeah. Wow. This has 40 million views. Uncle Roger. Yeah. It is a, it is a YouTube short. Those things go viral sometimes. Not this viral. God. This is the most viral thing since COVID outta China. Oh, China.


China, okay. China. Good country. Good country. Good. We have to say that now. Correct. Oh, their phone listening. Oh, their phone listening. This nephew go Huawei phone. They all listening. All our phone tap into it. Long lived presidency, long lived presidency. Uncle Roger social credit score going up. Nice. Any and nephew from Taiwan? Not a real country. Not a real, Ah, Not A real country.


I hope one day you rejoined the Motherland one China. That's Hilarious. Hilarious dude. Yeah. So is that, is that a real feeling in Taiwan? Some of 'em feel like they're should be part of China and some people don't. Yes. It's a very divided thing, but most people don't wanna be part of China. Yeah. Taiwan is a very interesting place. They do not use any of the Chinese social media apps. They use the western ones. They use Facebook, Google, Instagram. Whereas in China, all those things are blocked. Huh. You know, and, and you know, I released this clip and then everything got wiped from Chinese socials. And then you remember last year, a few, a few months ago, everybody was getting on red note, this Chinese app. Yes. I tried re-registering for an account and the moment I uploaded my profile photo, that whole account got wiped again.


No. So they, they have some sort of, I'm in some sort of database over there, over there. So, So China's against you, you think? I, I probably can still visit if I get a visa, but I, I don't know if I wanna risk it, you know? Yeah. And they just probably don't want you having a say in what China is like. They just don't want you having a voice in their country. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. But you know, it is what it is. Sometimes I think in the US we take free speech for granted sometimes. And we don't, we forget that not all countries are like this. In the US you say anything and the worst thing that happens is people get mad at you. Yeah. Right. In the comments, whatever. But in, I don't know. I mean these days a lot of things get taken down.


Even in the US I feel like there's things you can't say. I think things get submerged, you know? Or like, what is it called? Shadow band. Shadow band. True, true. But in a standup context, I feel we get more leeway. Oh, that's a great point. Yeah. In a standup context, we get so much freedom here. Do what is the biggest issue over there with Taiwan? Do you think that there remain free because they make some of the most semiconductors in the world, right? Yeah. TSMC, that that company. Yeah. Taiwan Semiconductor, Taiwan's. TSMC is the only reason China hasn't attacked Taiwan yet. You know? Wow. It's that, that's too valuable. China and the United States both view Taiwan's dominance of the global tech supply chain as a national security risk and response. They have tried to boost their own capacity to make chips they need.


Yeah. I think they're trying to make more chips in the us I know that that was something I saw like a couple weeks ago. NVIDIA's chief says US chip controls on China have backfired. Jen Jensen Huang, who I'd love to talk to, the chip maker's top executive from Nvidia. They're the number one, they're the leader in chips, I believe said the attempt to cut off the flow of advanced AI chips spurred Chinese companies to accelerate their development. Wow. Mm. Lawmakers in Washington have worked for years to limit China's access to the cutting edge computer chips needed for advanced artificial intelligence. Particularly those made by Nvidia America's leading chip maker.


And Yeah. So what they're, these are the chips that are used for AI and for some reason some AI weapons, you know, rockets. Right. It's just, there's, and for some reason they make them the best over here, right? Taiwan has the best ones. I think so, so far. I think so far, yeah. But according to NVIDIA's chief executive Jensen Huang, those regulations driven by economic and security concerns have only made Chinese tech companies stronger. Wow. Yeah. I mean, this is the type of thing somebody would go to war. 'cause whoever controls this is gonna control a lot of things. I think this is going over my head, man. I just, I just, I just, me too. Buy some Bitcoin and call it a day, you know? Yeah. Oh, me too. I'm just wondering what could happen to the people of Taiwan, right? I think that's my like, question is like, mm.


Do people there live every day? It must be weird there. Every day you're going to a factory probably and creating these chips, but knowing that the creation of these chips could have a semblance on if your country gets attacked or attempted to be controlled, it has to be very strange. I feel like, you know, I, I, do you think that makes any sense or no? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They, they have this, maybe this added responsibility that I better make a good fucking chip, otherwise China's gonna ruin us. Right. Or by keeping to make these, like what if we all decided we're not gonna make 'em, would they all just leave us alone and we could just be at peace? No. If, if Taiwan stops making them, China's going to take attack it. Ah, I see. China needs those chips Right now. That's why they're not bombing the factories. Right. Oh, I see.


So they need 'em 'cause they're supplying them. Yes. Yes. So if you start making 'em that, that'll be like, you know, if like a, if a, what do you call it? A binman, A bin. What A garbage truck person. You know, if they stuck at their job, the whole country gets attacked. Oh yeah. That, that would, that would be stressful. Oh, It'd be the worst. Imagine you working in and out. You're like, if you got the order wrong, Mexico's coming. Do this may be one of my last questions. Do you think so a lot of goods from America are made in Asia. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Do you think that a, how do Asian people feel about that? Like, do they take a lot of pride that they make all these, like, things that go all over the world?


Do they just feel like it's just a means to an end and there's not a lot of pride in it? Like, what does that feel like? Do you feel like, especially probably to China, China's the place that gets labeled a lot as like making everything, you know? Yeah, yeah. What do, what have you heard or like, what do people say about that? Does that make sense to you? Yeah. Malaysia makes quite a few things too. Not as much as China for sure. I feel like to us it's, it's, it's a job. It's, and it's a decent job. And without those manufacturing jobs, those people will have a shitier life. Ah. You know? So I think we, we, we like that, those things, you know, globalization, I think when people talk about globalization, they see it from the American perspective. Yeah. You are, you are losing jobs to the outside world.


But on the flip side, we, we, Asians are gaining some jobs that pay better than those jobs that existed prior. Like, you know, working at a hawker stall, selling noodles all day, manufacturing shoes probably pays them more. And I think this is a tough part, right? Some, sometimes the, sometimes the economy, I feel is a, is a zero sum game, right. Making the shoe, it's either a job in America or a job in Asia. We only need so many shoes, right? So, but we do think it is good. It helps us elevate our quality of life. And, and hopefully in a few generations time, the, the Asians will have made more money and then maybe we won't have to do those menial manufacturing jobs anymore. Hmm. But for now, it, you know, it, that's the same thing where there was a news article, I think it came out recently, a couple last year maybe, where in New York they're starting to use, you know, like self checkout lines.


But then you, you had a FaceTime video call with someone from the Philippines, the, the persons being the checkout, the cashier for you Wow. From the Philippines. Oh, so you had like a, you had a Zoom call with a checkout person. Yeah, yeah. Oh, so the, the whole internet hated it. But then from my perspective, it's like the person in the Philippines is probably getting paid way more than any job that she would've gotten the person that they would've gotten in the Philippines. And this is, it's just a hard part of, it's not an easy problem to solve, right. Global inequality. And I think it just takes time maybe. And, and just the hope is one day globalization will just, even the playing field, everybody can afford the, the, the, the things we need in life.


Healthcare, a house vehicle that, those things. So that's my take on it. It's not very funny, but hopefully Yeah. That, that's, oh, that's The thing. Oh no. Oh, Philippine. Yeah. Yeah. But no, I think it's great. Well, I just always wonder, like, I always think like, oh yeah, it's just like how I look at it from my perspective as an American, I never think like, what do these people feel about it? Like, you know, Do they, we probably like it to, to the Filipino, Filipino person. Oh, for sure. For sure. She's just working from home, putting a fake zoom background. Nothing. Huh? Just Clocking In. Just Cooking. Yeah. Not even cooking. She's just checking out the cashier. Yeah. But she could be cooking at the same time. Yeah. She Could be cooking for Yeah. For her kids. She'll be home for her kids. Because in Asia, people work long hours, man, there are some, you know, yeah. In Malaysia we have domestic helpers sometimes who are come in from Indonesia and they live with us, right?


So they're just gone from their fam from their families three years at a time. And they, they get one day off a week maybe, where they get to call their families. So this, that's sad. Filipino job. This virtual cashier job. That's good. That's like the best job that's working remotely, man. That's being a digital nomad for them. Yeah. I like that. I love that shit. They're doing that in Bali, you know, I like that shit. The Tree. I like that shit. Yeah. But what about this? So, and I'll say this round of applause for Filipinos. I wanna say that right? Yes. Joe. Coy doing Good job. Joe did good. Yeah. Doing good job. Yeah. But I wanna say Filipinos, it's funny because they're usually the last people you see before you die because they, a lot of them work in hospice care.


Oh, That's, that's True. You know, I, I was wondering where this conversation was going. Oh yeah, it's going And you just see the light and then there's a Filipino person. It's just like, well, the light is a little bit bit blocking the light. It's a little bit blocked here by like one Filipino person with like a stethoscope, you know? Yeah. It's Joe Coy blocking the life. But they often have a lot of the same name, you know, debit Deb de De David. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's another one Name? Maria. Susie. Susie Popular. Look it up. Popular Filipino American names. Then we'll get you outta here. Yeah. Maria, Christina, Filipino. Yeah. God, I don't wanna be, when it happens again, I think they have the biggest eyes for Asians.


They Roundest eyes full of Love. Yeah. Full of love and care. Oh, when you, when you're in hospice, you don't want, you want someone with like big round eyes taking care of you, you know, Big round eyes. You ever heard that song? No Big? Oh, I know that song, but you just Big round eyes. Oh yeah. It's about Filipino love. It's about, that's, it's about Piny heartbreak, I think in hospice care. You don't wanna a squinty eyed person taking care of you. They look like they're up to something. Oh Yeah. They're secret, huh? Yeah. James, that could be one. Edward. Edward. Edward. Yeah. Yeah. Filipino. Yeah. A love Of Benjamin. Benjamin. Yeah. Benjamin. A lot of good Filipinos.


God. Mario's good. Oh, like Italian Filipino. Ah, like, oh, pin pasta. Yeah. I would love to be Filipino next time, man. Yeah. That's reincarnate man. Dude, we could come back, huh? Yeah. I better come back, rich. Dude. I wanna come back to a kid with rich parents. Oh, you wanna be a kid of rich parents? Oh, it would be fun. Yeah. It doesn't matter what race. Doesn't matter what race. Just kid with rich parents. But would you attack him? Were you like, menendez him or whatever? Whatever. Menin. What? Like Menendez brothers, the guys that, I think they attacked their parents or something. 'cause they brought 'em cold food or whatever. I haven't looked at It. I, I probably would just to get their inheritance, you know?


I'll make sure they write their wheel down first. Yeah. Just double check the wheel. All right. Step, step, step. Okay. It sounds dangerous. Sounds dangerous for us. Nigel, thank you so much for coming in. Of course, man. Yeah, we really appreciate your time, Bro. I'll bring you to some good food sometime. Yeah, I would love to do that. And make a video or something. I'd love to dude. Yeah, I'd love to swap a, we gotta swap a number or something. And yeah, this has been one of my favorite interviews, man. Thank you so much. Like, sometimes I go into like a day or something. I'm sure this happens to everybody, but it's like, how's this day gonna be? And you're like kind of tired, you're just been along whatever. And then it's awesome, you know? Thank you. Likewise. Likewise. So yeah, I think that's the power of like people getting together, right?


Because sometimes you need somebody else to make your day better, you know? And so I just wanna say thank you so much for your time and yeah, I hope you do get that extra restaurant opened up. Dude. I think it would be exciting for people to go see and for more people to learn about foods from different parts of the world. You can check out Uncle Roger's channel. He's got a great channel. It's Nigel. Nigel. Yeah, Nigel. And we'll put all the links and everything, man. Anything else that you wanted to share? No, that's it. Just check out my channel. Yeah. Oh, and best of luck with the marriage, dude. Let's say one nice thing. Oh man. Say one or two, three or two or three nice things about your wife so that one day she can look back and she'll add this. What's something she Look back to The Theo Von podcast.


That's true. That's a horrible thought to say. Huh? So is that egotistical to say that? No. No. It's okay. I think she'll be happy. She's just, that's Yeah. She'll, she'll love it. Yeah. Okay. What's something nice about her that you really admire? I think, I think she's the love of my life and she makes every day better. Whoa, Dude, that's gay, bro. Play the song again, dude. That's the gayest shit I ever heard, bro. God, Dude. Oh God. I regret saying that now. I regret saying Gay. I'm joking, dude. Shut it down. No. Okay. You think she, you found, you think you found the love of your life?


Yeah, I think so. Yeah. That's cool. That's why people get married, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point, huh? If you haven't found the love of your life, then what do you Just part-time and it was somebody on your heart. Yeah. Situation. Shit. Just the the fuck buddy of your life. Yeah. You know? That's a long haul, man. Yeah. Well congratulations. Two months to your marriage. Yep. Oh, it's exciting dude. Yep. Very few relatives are coming. Oh, it's too far. Not allowed. Too far for these old Asians. Shut 'em down. Yeah, shut them down, dude. Yeah. Deport them. Deport them from Europe. Pull The semiconductors right out of their backs. Dude. We do not need 'em hitting the air. Go Back to the factory. To that factory in the sky. Dude, thank you so much, Isaac.


Have a good day, brother. You Too. It, or you love it whether you kiss or you are touching the ride of lust. I know you covered it.   can be gay too. There ain't nothing you need to hide. Deal games will really survive tomorrow. You might not be alive.   can be gay to.