SimpliSafe (0s):
You know, there's always that moment at night when you're locking up, turning off the lights, and you just wanna feel completely safe before heading to bed. That is what simply Safe gives me. I have it installed on my home and it's honestly changed how I think about home security. I'm traveling all the time. I'm ripping around, I'm running, I'm in and out. Bam, bam. But I'm never worried about my place. Not anymore, because SimpliSafe is monitoring it even when I'm not there. SimpliSafe, new active guard. Outdoor Protection helps stop break-ins before they happen. If someone's lurking agents, talk to them in real time, turn on spotlights and can call the police. No contracts, no hidden fees named Best Home Security System of 2025 by cnet. Visit simplisafe.com/t to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simply safe.com/t. There's no safe, like Simply Safe.

0 (1m 5s):
Today's guest is a legendary actor, bodybuilder, taste maker. Really in the world of bodybuilding. He was the governor of California. When you think of the American Dream, he is pretty much it. The second season of his Netflix show, Fubar is dropping soon. We're gonna talk about that and a lot more. I'm honored to sit down with the one and only Mr. Arnold Schwarzenegger.

2 (1m 50s):
So where do you, you work out of? Where do you work out

0 (1m 53s):
Of nor? I live in Nashville, Tennessee now.

2 (1m 56s):
Tennessee.

0 (1m 56s):
Yeah. I lived here for about 12 years.

2 (1m 58s):
It's a growing city now, isn't it? Yeah,

0 (2m 0s):
It's growing fast because it's safe. They have, you can have a weapon if you need to, so you can, you know, I think there's that semblance of you can take care of yourself type of energy. Right. And so, and it's a friendly community and it's very safe. You know, it's like a, a lot of cities, some of 'em get kind of dangerous.

2 (2m 18s):
It's known for its country music, right? Yeah.

0 (2m 20s):
Did you ever listen to country music growing up? Yeah.

2 (2m 22s):
Yeah. I mean that's, well that's, growing up, growing up was kind of rock and roll into the fifties. Rock and roll.

0 (2m 33s):
Did they have any, 'cause you grew up in Austria, right? Or to what age?

2 (2m 36s):
Austria? Yeah, I was an Austrian until I was 19. Oh. And so we were, there was a program that was called Hit Parade and the hit

0 (2m 50s):
A television show.

2 (2m 52s):
No, no, we didn't have television, so we just had the radio at home. But I had then bought, I was like 15 and I just bought my first transistor radio Yeah. In a little plastic box. Right. And I paid off like 50 shilling a month until it was paid off a year later. But then that always took down to the lake where I grew up, that we were sitting around the, the boys from a village, and we were listening to this hit parade. It was from seven to eight at night on Wayne stays. And there was like Little Richard and Chuck Barry and all of those guys that were, you know, big in the fifties.

2 (3m 36s):
Six. Exactly. And so I grew up with that, and that's why I have that station in my radio fifties at all times. Oh,

0 (3m 44s):
So you still listen to it.

2 (3m 45s):
I just listen to it. I just love it. Right. Then when I came over here, I, I became aware of a little bit of the country western kind of music. Did you

0 (3m 53s):
Go to a concert in Austria? Was there a concert you ever went to

2 (3m 56s):
Before you came here? No, I never afford a concert. Are you kidding me? I had no money, but I mean, I, I, when I came over here, I, I then became aware of the country Western songs, especially Johnny Cash. He'd done a television show, a weekly television show, and it was great, great music. And, and so I fell in love with that. And then friends of mine here in America then took me to concerts, you know, it was like a jazz concert or country western concert and all of this stuff. And so then that's when I started really getting into it. But I mean, I loved the music, but then when you grow up in Austria, the most of the stuff that you hear is really Austrian music, you know, the, and all this kind of things.

2 (4m 44s):
Is it beautiful music? Beautiful music? But I mean, that's what you hear on public radio and public television also. It's what you see and you see operas and you hear concerts. And my father himself was a musician. Mm. He played six instruments.

0 (5m 2s):
Six instruments? Yes.

2 (5m 3s):
Wow. Six instrument, all kind of like trumpet, saxophone, clarinet, all of the stuff like that.

0 (5m 10s):
A lot of traditional music he would play.

2 (5m 12s):
Yeah. Very traditional. Because he was the conductor of the She Marie music, which is the police, the country police, like the sheriff.

0 (5m 20s):
She, Marie, it's

2 (5m 21s):
Called. She Marie is a French word, a sheam. And so he was, he was Ahand Dam. He was a police officer. And so he played in that Shemar music.

0 (5m 35s):
Would he play at home or where would he play at?

2 (5m 37s):
He, he, he practiced at home. You know, he would, while I was training, I remember I was doing my workouts that he would be standing, the window will be open up at our house and he would be kind of playing out to the window. Out the window. And there was a kid that was my age that lived 150 yards away from us. It was one of my first friends. And he also learned how to play the trumpet with the age of like 13 or 14. So he would play over there and then my dad would play over here and they were going back and forth like that. It was really fun. Like

0 (6m 16s):
A couple of birds

2 (6m 16s):
Almost. Yeah. But I never, for some reason or the other, my dad always wanted me to get into music. Not as professional, but I mean, did

0 (6m 23s):
You try it at all?

2 (6m 24s):
Yeah, I tried it. It just didn't work.

0 (6m 26s):
What instrument?

2 (6m 28s):
Well, he tried with trumpet, obviously, then he thought that he gonna seduce me kind of into the music, because I liked Elvis. So he said, well, why don't you learn how to play the guitar? Yeah, I don't play the guitar, but there's a farmer that is a hundred yards up the road. He plays the guitar and he can teach. He's also a teacher. And so I would go to him, but it just, you know, I just could see right away that that was not meant for me.

0 (6m 57s):
Was there a lot of, like, when you were a child in Austria, was there a lot of like individualism? Or was it, were things very like regimented? Like in America you could, like, you can be an individual, right? But some countries it's a little bit harder to kind of like, you know, be an individual and have a voice. I'm just wondering, what was it like there when you were young? Did it feel like things were regimented or, or it was okay to be rebellious? What was it like there? Well,

2 (7m 21s):
I was rebellious in a way because, I mean, think about it, soccer and track and field, they were kind of like the in sports. But when I was exposed to weightlifting and to power lifting and to bodybuilding, I fell in love with that. And also because my heroes, like Reg Park and Steve Rifs, they were doing Hercules movies and I just started looking at those movies, right? And so I said to myself, I want to be like that. I don't wanna be a top soccer player. I want to be like that. I wanna have some muscles like that. And I want to get into movies like that, you know? So that all of a sudden became my dream.

0 (8m 1s):
So you really wanted to be like this? Yeah.

2 (8m 4s):
So I was fixated. You, it was, I was like kind of like concentrating that I kind of put visually my head on, on Ridge Park's body. And I said myself, there was a picture, a famous picture where he won the Mr. Universe contest in London in 1951. And when I saw that picture, it was like him holding the trophy and flexing his bicep. Yeah. And then I said, myself, can you imagine if this is me, I'm, I'm gonna make this me. And so that's what I was training for. So my parents thought that it was kind of, what is that all about? Where did that come from?

2 (8m 44s):
And the whole neighborhood was kind of like wondering, what is this guy doing? Training every day, two hours, three hours a day. I came home and instead of having lunch, I would put my sit-up board up on the kitchen table and I would be doing Sit up. Yeah. 500 sit-ups doing lunch. So you were

0 (9m 3s):
Addicted to,

2 (9m 4s):
You were addicted. Totally, totally addicted. Yeah. Because I was driven by my vision, you know, so it was always there. Yeah. Even when I was in school, I would sometimes just wander off when the teacher was teaching out there and writing up something on the blackboard. And I would be looking at that and then all of a sudden he could see that I was just kind of like steering off. Yeah. And then all of a sudden he threw a chalk at my head and I would bang and I, I looked back again. He says, he says, Arnold, I'm up here. I mean, I know you're looking at the beautiful trees out there. They're more beautiful maybe than me, but you got to listen to what I'm saying here. So, so I've noticed I was always kind of drifting off.

2 (9m 46s):
Mm. And daydreaming, visualizing, visualizing, visualizing my dreams, always visualizing my dreams, being on that stage in the Mr. Universe contest, doing maybe Hercules movies, going to America and all of that. So it was very different. So that was not the Norma speak that speak did I, out of the Norma. And then, because everyone else was talking about, oh, I'm gonna go and get a job with the government because I want to make sure that I correct my pension when I was 65. Nor this, I had no interest in any of that pension. I mean, what are we talking about now? The age of 18? We start talking about pensions. I mean, it's crazy, right? But that's the European way everyone looks for stability or mo especially in those PE times where government was really ruling, you know?

2 (10m 30s):
So then that's also I think an explanation of why when they came over here at America in 1968, and I saw Hubert Humphrey and Nixon campaign.

0 (10m 43s):
Hubert Humphrey, who?

2 (10m 44s):
Wasey. He was the vice president under Johnson.

0 (10m 46s):
Okay.

2 (10m 47s):
And so he was campaigning after Kennedy to become, well, Johnson was after Kennedy. Kennedy. Kennedy. Then he was, Humphrey was his vice president, so he was running for president. Oh yeah. And then, so it was, looks like

0 (10m 58s):
He eats gum drops, that guy.

2 (11m 0s):
And so it was really interesting when I listened to the debates, and I didn't understand maybe three quarter of it, but I had a friend that spoke German and he translated for me. Hmm. And when I heard of what Nixon said, it was so opposite of what I grew up with, which I didn't like that government was in kind of in charge of everything. In Austria. In in Austria. Yeah, exactly. And, and so I was in Germany and in, in all countries over Europe, socialism was the system that I grew up in. So when, when Nixon spoke, I felt like, wow, the government off your back,

0 (11m 41s):
Get the government off your

2 (11m 42s):
Back. That sounds great. Wow. And lowering, lowering the taxes. Strong military, strong police force, strong, strong debt, and a strong economy. Let the people be free, let them shop all around the world, and blah, blah, blah. And, and I said as myself, this is like unbelievable. And then when Humphrey spoke, it was like I was back in Austria, you know? So then I said to myself, what, what are the parties here? Because they didn't understand really the parties yet.

0 (12m 12s):
Why, what was it about Humphrey's that made it feel like you're back in Austria? Well,

2 (12m 15s):
He said government is a solution.

0 (12m 16s):
Oh, I see. So he was more like the cage.

2 (12m 19s):
We all know that the government is not the solution. I mean, it's like the free enterprise that the, the economy and orders. You got to let people be free and not be controlled by government. Government is good, but you have to find kind of the middle ground of all stuff, you

0 (12m 33s):
Know? Yeah. You can't, if you rely solely on the government for your life, then you'll just be a, you'll be a part of the government basically.

2 (12m 38s):
And you become a vegetable. Yeah. Because you, you you create the safety net, then you don't have the will to really kind of make it on your own. So what the, the big advantage of coming to America was that there was no safety net. So I was on my own. Yeah. So I had to get really creative, okay, how can I go and go to school and educate myself? How can I go and get more English classes? How can I go to Santa Monica City College and at the same time work and at the same time train five hours a day and do all of those kind of things. So this is, but it was up to me now to be successful, not up to the government. Oh,

0 (13m 14s):
I like that

2 (13m 15s):
Freedom. So the government was providing the opportunities, the structure in orders, the structure. But that is what I enjoyed. And so this is why I became kind of like a Nixon Republican. And people always was kind of like, you know, especially in California, which is a much more liberal state. Like, how could you be a Republican? Yeah. So, so I, I, I really enjoyed it. Nixon of course came from California.

0 (13m 34s):
Question Arnold. Yeah. Was it scary to tell your parents that, to leave Austria? Did people do that at the time? I'm just a little bit curious on what it was like to say, I'm leaving here and I'm gonna go to America. Was it even a popular path for people to go?

2 (13m 46s):
Well, remember I started saying this when I was 10.

0 (13m 49s):
Ah, I see. So it had been, your parents knew it was in your head. Yeah,

2 (13m 52s):
Exactly. So I saw a documentary, a black and white documentary in the school. They showed always those films with this eight millimeters, whatever films on the little screen. And like I said, television was not the common thing at that time in Austria. So we didn't grow up with that. And, but they showed the film and I saw a documentary about America. Yeah. Now I see the Empire State Building. I said, wait a minute, this building is like, you know, a hundred times taller than any of the buildings in GRS where I grew up, right. In Austria. And then I saw the Golden Gate Bridge, then I saw the Pacific Coast Highway, I saw all of this kind of the, you know, great, great things.

2 (14m 37s):
I saw the six lane highways, I saw the big Cadillacs, you know, with a big fin sticking out, you know. And the lady, I said to myself, and then we had all this little kind of cars and muscle peach and all of this stuff that the Hollywood and somebody said, I gotta go to America. Gotta go, gotta go to America. This Austria is not the place. It was almost kind of like that my gene was over here. Mm. You know, so this, so it, it kind of, I gravitated as America. Not that they hated Austria, but I just wanted to leave and go to something different. So my parents always saw me as being different. So it was not a surprise to them that I wanted to go as soon as I was through with high school and trade school, that I wanna go into the military.

2 (15m 21s):
So I went in the military because after you go and surf in the military, then you can get your passport and you can travel. So

0 (15m 27s):
You had to, you had to go to the military to get your passport in Austria. That's right. Yeah. Is it still that way?

2 (15m 32s):
No, I don't think it's different now. Everything is different because everything has changed. Yeah.

0 (15m 37s):
And you had a brother as well, right? Yeah. Was he, did he go to the military?

2 (15m 40s):
He was in the military. And was he older than

0 (15m 43s):
Year or younger?

2 (15m 43s):
He was a year older.

0 (15m 44s):
Oh, cool. What's his name?

2 (15m 45s):
He was a year Meinhart

0 (15m 46s):
Meinhardt.

2 (15m 47s):
Meinhardt. Yeah, exactly. So he was a year earlier, but he passed away as you know. I didn't know it. Yeah. At, at very young. At the age of 24.

0 (15m 55s):
Oh, I didn't know that he

2 (15m 56s):
Passed away at, yeah, it was like a

0 (15m 58s):
That's him right there.

2 (15m 59s):
Yeah. No, this is, this is a France stitching. He was my training partner named Munich. So when I went, I went so af after the army, the Austrian army, I immediately left to go to Munich. 'cause I got an offer because now I, at that meantime, I became the European champion in bodybuilding in the junior division.

0 (16m 18s):
Okay. So you go to the military. So yeah.

2 (16m 20s):
So I became this while I was in the military. I won this title Miss, you know, the best built man of Europe, junior, God, you know, I was 18 years old. Odd god. So now I get this offer offer that's in Munich at, it's the biggest gym to go and become a trainer. So I said to myself, okay, I'm gonna serve out my term here, get out of here a year later. And then I go to Munich and I become a trainer. Then, now, then I can train anytime 24 hours a day because I actually lived in the gym. So I could get up. Literally if I wake up at three in the morning and you know, I can, let's say I can fall back to sleep, I go out to the gym. How did you live

0 (16m 59s):
In there? Like where they just had a bed in the side or something?

2 (17m 1s):
It exactly, it was a little room that was from here to there where you sit and a bed and just a little kind of a, a thing with cabinet, with drawers where I put my stuff in. That was it. That was it. And then I walked outta the, it used to be an office there for the gym. And I just moved in there because I had no money.

0 (17m 20s):
And you were like, this is what I do all the time anyway. This is like, yeah.

2 (17m 23s):
So I, I was in heaven. Yeah. Are you kidding me? I mean, I went out there, turned on the lights and I was posing with the, all the overhead lights. I, I was posing in the mirror all the time. At night. I would wake up, I would go out there posing and and stuff

0 (17m 35s):
Pos the middle of the

2 (17m 35s):
Night I was like, you know, very intense. Yeah. And very passionate about bodybuilding and perfecting my body and going to London to that very same contest that Ridge Park won the Mr. Universe. And that, that very same year, when I went now to, to Munich in 1966, I became now Mr. Europe, literally two months later. And then best Buman of Europe. And then I went to the Mr. Universe es with the age of 19. I was the youngest competitor. And I came second.

0 (18m 4s):
And where was that held at? It

2 (18m 6s):
Was in London. In London. Same stage as well as Rich Park.

0 (18m 8s):
So you still hadn't made it to the US yet?

2 (18m 10s):
No, no, not yet yet.

0 (18m 11s):
No. No, not yet. And was your brother also lifting weights? Was he a weightlifter?

2 (18m 14s):
No, he was not interested in that. He was much more, I think academic I would say. 'cause he read a lot and he started out, he was really good in school. I was not that good in school. Yeah. It was just so, so

0 (18m 28s):
Did you guys get along pretty well? Is that him or no?

2 (18m 30s):
That's him. Yeah, that's mine hut. Oh,

0 (18m 32s):
That's a cool. Yeah. What is mine? Mine hot.

2 (18m 34s):
Yeah. Mine hut. Yeah.

0 (18m 36s):
I just wonder what it would be like. 'cause I have a brother too, so I'm just thinking sometimes like it would be, yeah. I just think about my brother a lot. So I guess I was just curious what it was like, what your brother was like.

2 (18m 46s):
Well, he was different than me, but we did hang out together. He did come to the gym every often and he worked out with me. But he was not into it. He wasn't passionate. But he, he has naturally, he had a better body than I had actually. Oh really? Yeah. He had a really V-shaped body, had white shoulders, a very, very small waist.

0 (19m 3s):
God, they always give it to the person that doesn't want it. I know.

2 (19m 6s):
Yeah.

0 (19m 6s):
Wait a

2 (19m 7s):
God like that. But that's, but that's, I think what is interesting about it is that you struggle much more in the beginning and to catch up and then all of a sudden, you know, you see your own potential. Yeah. You know, which is Oh yeah. You don't see it than the beginning. But then, I mean I think it was like going to the gym was my first time where I got compliments. Hmm. Because my parents were not into that.

0 (19m 31s):
Was it

2 (19m 32s):
Popular? It was the Austrian kind of upbringing kind of everything. They, they correct everything. Yeah. Then the, the greats are no good. And the soccer, why did you didn't, why didn't you kick the ball? You were like 10 yards away from the goal. You didn't kick it in, you tripped over the, I mean what the, come on out. It was always some kind of a complaint,

0 (19m 48s):
Always trying to correct you.

2 (19m 49s):
Exactly. That's right. Yeah. It was always a complaint. And then if you made a mistake you get smacked and stuff like that. So it was that kind of upbringing. But it was very helpful to me because it actually gave me the motivation to leave Austria

0 (20m 2s):
And become, and it gave you control. I mean, if you're way, if you're bodybuilding, it's just you against you. There's no, you don't have to depend on anybody else. I mean, I guess you have to depend on the judges when you go to actually compete. But day to day it is you against your own emotions and mentality and ability.

2 (20m 19s):
Yes. But also at the same time, even though it is a, a sport that you are on your own, but on the end you still rely on your training partners. Ah, I was very fortunate always to the head the mentality of, of being able to attract the best training partners. So I had guys that was hungry as I was. 'cause that's the important thing. If you have someone that is not as hungry, then it doesn't really mean anything. Right. If you have someone that competes with you, that counts out the reps, then he wants to do an extra two reps more than you do and you get up the weight and all stuff. So I always says good training about this. So I'm a big believer in that we really can't and, and do anything by ourselves. Mm. Right. That's why always say, don't call me a self-made man because I'm a product of a lot, a lot of help.

2 (21m 3s):
If it isn't bodybuilding or just, I mean, think about Joe Weeder after winning two Mr. Universe titles in London, the amateur, Mr. Universe, the following year, 1968, the professional Mr. Universe. So I was like the youngest Mr. Universe ever.

0 (21m 19s):
And that was this year after you got second? That's right. Okay.

2 (21m 22s):
1966.

0 (21m 23s):
And you were 20 years old.

2 (21m 24s):
Second 1967. I was, was 20 years old. Wow. And I wanted to become the youngest Mr. Universe. And now I'm done at stage exactly where Reg Park was and when, when the MR. Universe, and not only that, but the re park immediately sent me a a a fax and to London. He said I was invite you to South Africa to give posing exhibitions and do strongman act down there. So I was invited by Reg Park to go to, which eventually, then within by end of the year, I went down to South Africa.

0 (21m 56s):
And you still hadn't gone to the US yet? I haven't

2 (21m 57s):
Gone to the us but brought me to the US was, which was kind of my dream. Someone would notice me in bodybuilding that they would take me to, because bodybuilding was an American sport. Oh. It was not the European sport. It was American sport. Really. And so I all of Suddent get this invitation from Cho Wier who was the publisher of the Muscle Magazines. He published like four big muscle magazines, flex and Strength and Health and, and

0 (22m 25s):
Oh yeah. We s we used to get some of 'em, I think when I was a kid

2 (22m 27s):
And we didn't use them. Fitness, all of this. And he had also equipment company, the food supplement company. Because

0 (22m 33s):
It's weights. Right. I've seen the weights before. It's a,

2 (22m 35s):
It's weights, it's a food supplements. It's, and his brother was the head of the organization. The Bodybuilding Federation.

0 (22m 43s):
Got it. And this is when you came to the us?

2 (22m 44s):
Yeah. So he brought me over in 1968.

0 (22m 47s):
Okay. Before we get there, Arnold, that's what, and not to interrupt or anything, but you did a show, you went to like one of the first interracial shows that was in South Africa.

2 (22m 56s):
That was later on.

0 (22m 57s):
Oh, that was later on. Okay.

2 (22m 58s):
So that was 1975.

0 (22m 59s):
Got it. Okay. So you get

2 (23m 0s):
Yeah, absolutely correct.

0 (23m 1s):
So you get to the US Very

2 (23m 2s):
Good research.

0 (23m 3s):
Do you remember your first Thank you. Yeah. Do you remember your first day in America?

2 (23m 8s):
Oh yes. It was in Miami. I, oh yeah. I went to Miami and I was competing there in the competition. And then after that I came out to California and I was picked up in California at the airport by a bodybuilding photographer by the name of Ariella. And Dick Tyler who wrote for the Muscle magazines. They picked me up and took me to an apartment that Joe Wheeler rented for me. And it was fantastic. Mm. I mean, from then on I got all the help in the world now because that's when I really realized the generosity of the American people. Wow.

2 (23m 48s):
I mean they gave me, I mean the bodybuilders, there was Thanksgiving ca came up after that because I came over here in October, November was Thanksgiving. So there was, there was like this whole thing about the, you know, giving me pillows and giving me blankets and giving me dishes and silverware.

0 (24m 6s):
Where were you homeless or something?

2 (24m 8s):
Pardon? Say again? What?

0 (24m 9s):
Why were they giving you all that just makes you feel

2 (24m 11s):
Welcome? 'cause you, when you move into an apartment, oh yeah. What do you get? I mean it was a furnished apartment

0 (24m 15s):
And you were living in LA at that point?

2 (24m 17s):
Yeah, it was in, it was in the valley over in, in the valley. And then all this body was came to me and the problem, me, all this stuff, it was like unbelievable. So I could not even believe how generous they were. And this were all, this were a lot of times people that didn't know me at all. But just because bodybuilding and joining a club, you know, it become kind of part of that family. Hmm. And so they were very, very sweet and kind. And I would never forget that. That's actually what made me then think about, well when I ever make it, I will give that back. I will help other people myself. You know?

0 (24m 52s):
What's it like finding a gym that really fits you? Like what's that like at that level of bodybuilding? Were there a couple gyms you tried out and you're like, this isn't it? Or did you already know where you wanted to be?

2 (25m 3s):
I came over here. There was a gym called Vince's Gym that had all the champions training.

0 (25m 9s):
And where was that located?

2 (25m 10s):
It was over in the Valley. Okay. And Ventura PVA in North Hollywood. And a very, very famous gym. This is where, you know, Larry Scott, Mr. Olympia trained and, and Don Howard, who was Mr. America and Don Peterson. All those guys were training there. And then I ventured over here every so often for power lifting. There was a gym called Gold's Gym. Not many bodybuilders trained there some, but I mean not many. Most of them were like shot putters and power lifters and lift weightlifters and so on. And it was a much more rough gym. But somehow because of the Austrian gym where I kind of started the first three years in this weightlifting club, it reminded me of that.

2 (25m 51s):
So I started getting more and more attracted to that gym. And then I moved from the valley over

0 (25m 56s):
Here. To Venice.

2 (25m 57s):
To Venice. Mm. And it was still part of Santa Monica actually. It was, you know, Ashland, one of the, the streets not far away from here. And then I went daily training there and then Goldstream, then other body builders came from all over the country to train there too. Because

0 (26m 13s):
You were there because of, well

2 (26m 15s):
I was there and that was Joe Whedon now started riding in his magazines. Ah, about Arnold is training Gorge Jim. And you know, if you want to go and train in a great place, this is the place to go. And

0 (26m 26s):
Was it hard for you to train? I mean were people at that point just standing around watching you train?

2 (26m 31s):
No, because there was a lot of, you know, I mean this place was filled with great body parts. Oh I see. Yeah. Oh yeah. So then others came out here from Florida and from Kentucky and from New York and they all started joining Go Gym instead of training there. So this was kind of like the place that had the best bodybuilders in the world training in Go. That's how Go gym became famous. Ah. You know, because it was a little gym. It was not big. It was 3000 square feet I think it was.

0 (26m 60s):
Well I remember when I first moved to Los Angeles, we went to a firehouse. I dunno if it's still there or not. Yeah, yeah. Firehouse was that the place? It was a big protein place. It was like a was that May? I think it was.

2 (27m 8s):
Well Firehouse now is is is a, is a restaurant down

0 (27m 11s):
There. It used to be like a place where you could get literally like a bowl of chicken. Yeah,

2 (27m 16s):
Yeah. You still can get get, you can get great scrambled eggs. You could

0 (27m 20s):
Like 30 eggs or whatever. Yeah,

2 (27m 21s):
Exactly.

0 (27m 21s):
Yeah. It's crazy. It was like, yeah. Yeah. I remember I ate, I ordered like a month worth of food right there. Just for wine. Just at lunch. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It took me like five hours to get outta there. Just 'cause I didn't wanna like, yeah. I

2 (27m 32s):
Was never a big eater. So to me that meant nothing. If I had a little steak and some two scrambled eggs, I was perfectly fine. I was full

0 (27m 40s):
For the day.

2 (27m 41s):
Not for the day. No. But let's say in the mornings, taking eggs or scrambled eggs or something like this, I always had to take protein drinks in between meals because I could never eat enough. Ah. To get my 250 crabs of protein. 'cause I weighed 250 pounds. And the idea then was that every kind of pound of body weight you have, you should have one gram of protein.

0 (28m 2s):
Yeah. When, 'cause I used to buy, so I don Dunno if I used to body build, I used to use steroids when I was like growing up and just lift weights a lot. I loved it for years, you know. And I think whenever I get like, you know, whenever I quit working as much, I'll probably try to get back more into weightlifting. Was steroids pretty popular then? Or what was it like? Was that part of the, because I'm sure it was part of the culture

2 (28m 25s):
It, well no it was not yet, but it was something that was in the beginning. Very experimental.

0 (28m 30s):
So would you hear like, would it be like on the black market or it was just like public? It was just like people would talk about it like as a supplement.

2 (28m 37s):
It might be in some places it was in the black market. I don't know. But all I know is is that we always went to a doctor because they wanna make sure that they measure your blood pressure and they check your health and all of that stuff because it has side effects. Oh yeah. And then especially if you take it beyond of what they recommend. So if they recommend, let's say one shot a week and you start taking one shot a day or something, which is of course the case a lot of today that people are overdosing and that's why you see some bodybuilders actually die because of the overdose of drugs and all this stuff.

0 (29m 10s):
Did you see friends go down that road or people other bodybuilders go down that road where they would get addicted to it?

2 (29m 15s):
Not, not in my days. It was a new, but now it's, I think really somewhat, I would say out of control.

0 (29m 22s):
Yeah.

DraftKings (29m 24s):
Is a sequel better than the original? We're gonna find out it UF C3 16. It's a rematch. Nine months in the making. And you can get in on all the action at DraftKings Sports book. The official sports betting partner of UFC. It's a huge night of fights headlined by a rematch between Valles Veley and O'Malley as O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw Valles Veley Take the Bantam weight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot at cashing in Right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins UF C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash, download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use code Theo. That's code THEO for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just $5 only on DraftKings, The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one eight hundred GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call eight eight eight seven eight nine seven seven seven seven or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.

MoonPay (31m 19s):
You know I've been in and outta crypto over the years. I've had one foot in, one foot out. I've been hokey pokey in there with it. But what's got me back now is Moonpay. That's right. Moonpay powers the entire world of crypto. Some people say they are the PayPal of crypto because just like you could use PayPal to buy anything on the internet, now you can use Moonpay to buy anything in crypto. Now here's where it gets really interesting. Moonpay Powers payments on open sea. Open Sea is the biggest NFT marketplace in the game where collectors and creators come to mint, buy and sell everything from digital art to meme worthy masterpieces. Whether you're in a pixelated punks or futuristic fashion, there's something for everyone with millions of assets in a smooth user experience. It's basically the go-to place for all your NFT needs. Go check it out. You can buy some with Moonpay. Remember, while Moonpay makes buying crypto straightforward, it's essential to do your own research and understand the risks involved. Crypto trading can be volatile and you could lose your investment. Moonpay is a tool to facilitate your transactions. Not a source of financial advice. Trade responsibly.

0 (32m 41s):
Whenever you start, like you've had such an interesting life and career, you've gotten to do so many things. What do you think, was there a time period in your life that you wish you had maybe done like a little bit different? You know,

2 (32m 52s):
No, I don't really, I, there's no move that ever made career wise. I thought that I had a real good nose when to make my moves forward and when I should retire from bodybuilding. When I felt like, okay, I don't have the joy anymore after six, after five Mr. Universe competitions that I won Mr. World and, and Mr. Olympia six times. I retired in 1975 after that competition in South Africa that you mentioned just earlier. Ah, so that was kind of the last competition. I did come back in 1980 again for the Mr. Beer, but that was really just afterthought.

2 (33m 33s):
But I mean really I retired in 1975 and after

0 (33m 37s):
The South African show. After

2 (33m 38s):
The South African show. Yeah.

0 (33m 39s):
Can you tell me a little bit about that? 'cause I bet it was really interesting. Just South Africa is probably my favorite country. I mean, it is beautiful.

2 (33m 44s):
It is a gorgeous country. And of course at that time, blacks and whites and everyone was separated. I mean by separated meaning they different rights. You know, the whites were the ones that ruled the country. The blacks were kind of kept down.

0 (34m 0s):
Was Desmond Tutu down there at the time? Do you know if he was

2 (34m 3s):
Speaking? Yes, he was. Of course he was. But I mean the, the whites really were kind of in control. They

0 (34m 10s):
Were the kind of the leaders of it. Exactly.

2 (34m 11s):
The touch and the British, he was always a fight between those two in the Parliament and nor that. And so then I got to meet and to know the Minister of Immigration and he was also Minister of Sports and Minister of Labor and blah, blah blah. So he was a very, very powerful guy in administration. And he, when I met him, he said to me, Arnold, when you come over here to South Africa and you do posing exhibitions and strongman acts, you should also go to the townships.

0 (34m 44s):
To the townships. Yeah. Yeah.

2 (34m 46s):
So, so I said the townships

0 (34m 47s):
Like the so sotos.

2 (34m 49s):
Yeah. So he was, of course he did not know. And so he then explained it to me and then he would organize with the reg park together, ah, for me to go in because he was not what we call the safest place in town. Not that they wanted to do harm to you, but I mean for, for someone like me to come in there and do a demonstration there. Oh, they'll, I mean everyone yeah, everyone could lit. I mean they were drunk, they were celebrating that someone would come in and give them the respect and do something special for them. So very appreciative. Right. So I would go in there and I was in the cage

0 (35m 26s):
Into the Sotos, is that what it's called? Can you bring that up for me,

2 (35m 28s):
Nick? Yeah, the townships. So they're all over the place in every, every, in every town in South Africa there is townships like that. There's places where the blacks would live, right, yeah. In the very, very kind of flow.

0 (35m 38s):
I think they're called the Sotos, are they or

2 (35m 40s):
Not? Yeah, there's that's one of them.

0 (35m 41s):
Yeah. Sotos. Yeah, I think so.

2 (35m 44s):
So, so in any, in any case, so I would go in there and do a demonstration and do my posing and the lift weights in the order of this kind of stuff. In

0 (35m 51s):
These, in these small like townships Yeah.

2 (35m 54s):
Town there was like, you know, thousands of them surrounding Wow. And then just in know screaming loud and having the greatest time. And then we would go out and

0 (36m 1s):
Oh, they would put you on the grill. I'm surprised. I bet they were star so hungry. Sometimes they would be like, look at this welfare. Yeah. Oh,

2 (36m 6s):
Always. It, it was, it was fantastic. The reception and everything. So, but the reason I'm mentioning that is because it led to the conversation with, you know, that minister of sports and he said to me, he says we should have an international competition here in South Africa. He says, we, we should work together on that. And I said, okay, we will. And his name was Dr. Koff Korn Hof, Dr. Dr. Koff. And he was an extraordinary man. Very, very smart. But it just shows you that there was people like him that already wanted to do more for the blacks and to elevate.

2 (36m 52s):
Diversify to elevate him. Yeah. Create So, so, so he, so he then I set him up with Ben Wier, with Joe Wier brother, who was the head of the FI in the National Federation of Bodybuilding. They got together and they hit it off really well. And so Joe Wier and Ben Weer worked with him to bring the Mr. Olympia Canice to South Africa to Pretoria the capital of South Africa. Yeah. But the conditions were that they were, that they were able to have a mixed audience.

0 (37m 23s):
Okay. So black white audience, had they done that ever? Well, never.

2 (37m 26s):
Wow. So there was, the first time there was black was blacks, but there was not just black and white in South Africa. There was a group that was called Blacks. There was a group that was called Colored. There was a group that was called Indians. There was a group that was white. I mean there was like five different owned Asians. So everyone was, was different. So everyone,

0 (37m 47s):
A lot of variety,

2 (37m 47s):
All it was kind of like, it was not considered, we are all equal there. Right. And so what Ben negotiated was that we have a mixed audience that anyone, no matter what their nationality and what their kind of color is, or religious belief, anyone should be able to come to this competition. Wow. And also, not only that, but to be a judge, we would have also half black and half white judges, blah, blah, blah.

0 (38m 13s):
So was that scary to go before a black judge? Did you think that they would judge you fairly? I would be,

2 (38m 18s):
No, no, no. Not at all. Because they won. I mean, I was competing in America at that time already. Oh, you were used to it. And I was used to it. We were Lyric Colbert who was, was the first guy, the 21, 22 inch arms, big, big bodybuilder from the fifties and sixties. And he was a judge in New York several times. And he was a totally honest judge. There was other black judges that, so there was the, that's the great thing about bodybuilding. Bodybuilding, there was no prejudice. Mm. You know, there were some people in bodybuilding that were prejudiced. Right. But in general, like especially under the weeders, the weeders, I think because they were Jewish, bring

0 (38m 56s):
'em up, Ben Wier.

2 (38m 57s):
I think it had something to do with the fact that they were that kind of open-minded about it.

0 (39m 2s):
Oh yeah. A lot of times they're the leaders in

2 (39m 4s):
Wier.

0 (39m 5s):
Exactly. They're like the leaders in promoting diversity, diversifying

2 (39m 8s):
Things. That's right. Yes. There was no

0 (39m 9s):
Prejudice have been, there was no,

2 (39m 10s):
There was no prejudice there at all. And as a matter of fact, there was a guy by the name of Bob Hoffman, he always made sure that when they had the a A U had the Mr. America competition and only whites could win. No black could win there. Oh really? Yeah. So there was really embarrassing. So

0 (39m 28s):
There were some barriers within the, there was

2 (39m 29s):
Guys like Sergio Liver that would be competing in 1966 or 1965 in the Mr. American. He would get beaten by white guys. Oh. And it was totally unfair. Or Harold Poole got beaten in 1963 by Viva, which I thought was unfair. So it was, there was this, so what they did then was, because there was now two federations, there was the IFPB, there was the A U in Napa. A-A-U-A-A-U aau, the American Athletic Union. Yeah. And so the, they then went from that federation over to the IFPB and their Sergio lever won immediately. Got it. He became Mr. America, he became Mr. World and Mr. Universe then Mr. Olympia. And he actually in the first Mr.

2 (40m 9s):
Olympia competition ser ever beat me. Wow. 1969 Fairly, I mean, there was no complaints there at all because he was extraordinary. Right. And so then in 1970, I came back and I beat him in the Mr. World competition in Columbus, Ohio. And then two weeks later in the missed Olympia in New York. Mm. So, so we, we, we, we were, we were big rivals and that was of course a big admirer of his and a big idol. And he treated me really well. We went to Chicago and trained together at the Duncan YMCA and all that stuff. I wanted to learn from him. I

0 (40m 41s):
Love the YMCA, don't you? Oh,

2 (40m 44s):
Absolutely. It's great.

0 (40m 45s):
I've always been a fan of the YMCA. Yeah. It just kind of like, they're always a little bit me. Like it's never perfect there, but everything's kind of like a little bit old enough where I like the equipment. You know, it's never too fancy.

2 (40m 56s):
Yeah. But you can get the job done. Right. Right. So to me it's not about the luxury, it's just much more about the will to succeed. And when I see pictures online of bodybuilders that are training in the sand in Africa Right now, blacks that are having cement weights on a bar,

0 (41m 19s):
God

2 (41m 19s):
And a cheap bench. And when they, they do their bench press. Yeah. And the other day I, I saw one of those kind of videos and they get up from the bench. I'm looking at, this guy could win Mr. America. Wow. Or win Mr. California or something like that. He looks extraordinary. So it's, it's really not the technology so much it helps you, but I mean, on the end it is really what you have to work on. It's the will to

0 (41m 47s):
Succeed. Oh, the will was the best. There's nothing better than just having like a little weight bench outside in your backyard or something. And you go out there or in your garage and

2 (41m 54s):
It's just your I did, my dad lives right in front of the house in in garage in entire where, which now is a museum at the house where I grew up in

0 (42m 1s):
Your home is a museum where you grew up

2 (42m 3s):
The the home. Exactly. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I'm gonna go with there in two weeks. We have a, our pump club is beating the, with the, the European Body Bears members from the Pump Club, and then there's some Americans that are also coming over there,

0 (42m 17s):
That audience in South Africa. What was, did, did it have the, the feeling during the show of like, this is like a novel thing, this is like a, like was there that energy in the, in the, in the event

2 (42m 29s):
It was so much energy in that auditorium and it was not a big auditorium. It maybe held, I would say 1500 people I would guess. And it was, the energy was fantastic. The joy of being together was fantastic. And I really think they had a tremendous impact also on the future of South Africa. And it was just wonderful that there were leaders there that believed in that. Yeah. And wanted to organize and, and everyone, the police and everyone was really cooperative. Everyone worked together. So it was a fantastic show, the fantastic competition. And of course I won. So there's always a fantastic competition, you know, when he win six Mr.

2 (43m 10s):
Olympia. But I, what was interesting about it was I got a thousand dollars cash press and I was really upset about that because I felt like, wait a minute, in 19 65, 10 years ago, Sergio, no, Larry Scott, when he won with stolen, got a thousand dollars and now 10 years later we still get a thousand dollars. So that's what made me actually motivated to go then in front of the IFPB, the International Party bodybuilding in Congress and to ask them for permission to organize the next year's Mr. Olympia in Columbus, Ohio.

2 (43m 51s):
And that's exactly what we did. I got the permission and then we upped the cash press to $5,000 then to $10,000 to 20. And we doubled it every year. And now this, now we are giving over a million dollars away for cash presence. Wow. With the Arnold Classic.

0 (44m 6s):
What's like, one of the things right before you go on, because I, I'm guessing you're backstage, right? You wait to go on and they call your name out and then you go out and do your poses. Is that how it goes? Well,

2 (44m 15s):
It's in those, in those days, the way it worked was the whole lineup of all the competitors. Now, if them understand Mr. Olympia means that you have to have won a world championship title before. So Mr. World, Mr the International or Mr. Universe, so those guys are the top guys. So you have like six or seven guys that are on the stage. And so the judges, they ask you the order come out if a certain time at one o'clock, be ready for pre-judging, and then you come out and then you stand there and then the judges will shuffle you around. They says, okay, can number seven go over where number one is.

2 (44m 55s):
And number one goes over where number seven was, you know, to just see them next to each other, different people next to each other. There is said turn around, turn sideways. Then what,

0 (45m 5s):
What's the scariest way to be turned? Like, was there ever a part where you're like, this is, I gotta kind of cheat this angle a little bit.

2 (45m 13s):
No, I, I mean for me it was basically always a tremendous joy to be up on stage because it's one of the things where you, where you feel like when you're really ready, I always felt kind of like in most cases that I was so ready that no matter what angle it was, I was ready to go and I had always a smile on my face and I flexed everything. And you know, the key thing is, is that you have practiced your posing enough that you can stand there in a flex position. It looks relaxed, you stand there like this, but you still flex, right? You keep the stomach in and you keep the, the abs flex and the calfs flex the biases and the tries to flex. So that was the idea.

2 (45m 53s):
And I was always having great joy with that. So

0 (45m 55s):
It's a lot of acting too. It's kind of some acting

2 (45m 57s):
Up there. It is the one of the great forms of acting. Why? Because you cannot go and say to the judge, look at me. I'm the most perfect up here. Look at my abs. No, you have to do all that without talking. Mm. You have to communicate with them and also with the audience because remember that that the sound of the audience is very important because you want to get big applause. So the judge say, oh, this guy got the most applause. I mean he definitely, you know, has the best body. So, but then you wait for the, for the individual posing. So then you come at one after the next, you do his three minute posing routine.

0 (46m 34s):
And what's the tricks there? Is there any trick of the trade? A last minute thing you used, you would like pinch your, pinch your tits or just rub some just like molasses in your land. Like was there, what, what was like a last minute thing people would do? Put ice under your arms or something?

2 (46m 49s):
No, I, I think the key thing is just that you, when you go there, that you're so ready that you don't shake you how many body bears, I'm sure you've seen it. They hit the shot and then they, they after, after a a few seconds they start shaking. Oh.

0 (47m 5s):
So that's bad. They, well

2 (47m 7s):
For that level, I mean it's natural when you have a Mr. Venice speech competition. Yeah. Mr. Muscle speech

0 (47m 11s):
Or Mr. Montgomery, Alabama. Yeah. You know,

2 (47m 14s):
Beginners of course they make mistakes and they're not as well trained. But when you get to the Mr. Olympia level, it's unacceptable.

0 (47m 21s):
Ah. So you wanna make it look so that you wanna

2 (47m 23s):
Control the shape, you hit the shot. Yeah. And you smile, you look at the judges and you and you and you smile and then you smoothly move into the next shot puff, you know, and then it hands and you just, the movement, it has to be all very gracefully and no shaking. So that again, that you say to the judges, look, I am so ready for this. Mm. Unlike maybe the others, you know? So that's, that's, that's what it is. So it's all about the seven piece, you know, the seven piece proper prior planning prevents pissed, poor performance. Mm. Right.

2 (48m 3s):
And the marines to have that's

0 (48m 5s):
Proper prior planning prevents

2 (48m 8s):
Performance. Exactly. So that's what it is about. It's the same. There you come prepared, you make sure that you work. Everyone has weak points. So you have to make sure that you worked as much on your weak points so that the judges see that you're not blind. That you, you'd noticed that last year you maybe had not so defined legs. Yes. Maybe you won, but you, the legs were so, so, and then the next year when you come back you have to have ripped legs. Right, right. So then the judge said, that guy got the message. So this is what it's all about. But because, and the end, you really are a, an artist, a sculptor.

2 (48m 49s):
You're not just the athlete that is competing but you're the

0 (48m 52s):
Sculptor. Wow. But you're your clay too,

2 (48m 53s):
Huh? You sculpting on your own body instead of a chisel in the hammer that you kind of a sculpt a, a physique. You do it now with machines and with the reps and do the different exercises where you say, I need a little bit more of the rear deloid. I need a little bit of more separation in the front between the deloid and the pectoral muscle. Mm. I need a little bit more cut on the lower abs. I need, the calves have to be balanced. They're gonna not big enough for the arms 'cause it should be the same size as your arms are and all of those kind of things. So you become kind of like an artist in your own body. That's, that's what the idea is.

0 (49m 28s):
Did, was there a, was it, did you ever like have to work out the top of your feet or your hand? Were there things you could do for your face even and stuff like that? No,

2 (49m 35s):
No. I mean that that, I mean people did pay attention to that. I didn't. Right. To me it's always about the bottom line. Yeah. So about what is it that we are doing here? What we are doing here is we are showing the most perfect physique and who is the best in actually displaying that physique. Because it's all about, you know, presentation, presentation, presentation. It's like a piece of art. You know, you can have a painting that is maybe amongst many other paintings and you wouldn't even notice there's a Picasso. But then when you put it up there on a white wall and with a beautiful gold frame with a special lighting and then you have someone talk about it, now you can auction something off a lot of money.

2 (50m 20s):
Ah, right. So it's all about presentation. And so this is why I think the same is also in bodybuilding and the way you present your body and the way you present your, your muscles.

0 (50m 29s):
And did at that point, I mean I can see now how even like lobbying for certain things to be changing in like in the prize money, right? I can almost see where your direction comes to even end up in politics, right? You can start to see it like, well this should be more this. There should be some adjustments. You weren't just like a competitor, you're also somebody who was examining how things were run and how they could be better. Especially when you were partnering with guys like Ben Weider and stuff like that. And probably inspired by those guys to probably get this larger vision of things that were going on. Did you, when you got into film. So at that point, you know how to act, you know how to impress the front row. You know how to use probably every element of your body to impress people. So that kind of just leans leads kind of perfectly into acting.

2 (51m 13s):
Yeah. But remember that what is key and all of this stuff is also personality. And I don't know if you can train a personality or not. I mean, I don't know what you think about that, but I mean, I think some people just don't have the greatest personality.

0 (51m 28s):
Oh yeah. Some people are boring

2 (51m 30s):
Piece and then

0 (51m 30s):
Some people

2 (51m 30s):
Shit a great personality. Yeah. You know, and so I think that I developed over the years, not that someone taught me that, but I developed a personality because my joy for whatever I did came through. Mm. So when people talk to me about bodybuilding, in those days, I was not shy of the press. Other body builders for, for decades didn't talk to the press. So when I came over here, people thought that when they saw my body, they thought it was a football player or I was a wrestler, something like that. But the last thing they guessed was a bodybuilder. So they didn't know about bodybuilding. So I, in 1974, I hired, I was the first bodybuilder to hire a publicist.

2 (52m 10s):
And so we went and did talk shows. The Johnny Carson show, miff Griffin Show, Mike Douglas Show, and all of those shows.

0 (52m 18s):
And were there football teams that tried to get you to come and play for them? Did you ever get an offer?

2 (52m 21s):
No, because I mean, I think I made it very clear in my interviews that my vision is to be the greatest bodybuilder of all times. And to go then into acting. So even when people came to me, 'cause I was always very good in business, I started business. I got my degree in business, was over here and doing the training for bodybuilding

0 (52m 40s):
At SMC. Say again? Did you go to SMCI

2 (52m 43s):
Went to Santa Monica City College to UCLA and to, you know, got my degree in business and it was like business administration. And that was just naturally always gifted for making deals and being creative. Got it. You know, and, and, and, and I always understood how it works. Right. And so in bodybuilding, for instance, it's one thing to say, okay, I'm gonna up the cash price to a $20,000, let's say from like within a three year period we opened, we had, we give away $20,000 in the beginning. But then you have to say, okay, where do we get this money from? Ah, sponsors, right?

2 (53m 24s):
So now I have to go out and hustle the sponsors and says, now of course we have the biggest bodybuilding and fitness convention in Columbus, Ohio, in the world. We have 200,000 people coming through there. Wow. In three days. We have every company displaying their products there, their machines, their food supplements, clothing at the Arnold, The Arnold Classic. Arnold Classic. Yeah. He says he is always the first week in, in in March. And it's three days, the whole thing. So, and now, like I said, now we are raising enough money where we can give away over a million dollars of me this coming year. We are gonna go and up to, to a million and a half dollars. Let's go. So it's like, so it's all kinds of great things happen, but I was able to build it to that. Right. 'cause I have a business mind. Right. They know exactly. You know how that works.

2 (54m 5s):
And how do we attract everyone and bring everyone together.

0 (54m 9s):
Were there women all weightlifting at that time or? No, he

2 (54m 11s):
Were the first Mr. Olympia Company, miss Olympia competition was a guy by the name of Schneider from, he was back east from Philadelphia area. And we did that together.

0 (54m 25s):
Oh, you guys started it?

2 (54m 26s):
Yeah. Well, yes, because the women were all kind of complaining, why can we compete? So we did a little shall we called it Miss Olympia. And because the International Federation of Party building at that point had no interest in women bodybuilding.

0 (54m 42s):
Why was that, do you think? Was it just the, their view of women at the time? No,

2 (54m 45s):
It's, it's at the time it was, he was stuck in, we created this federation for the guys.

0 (54m 51s):
Oh yeah. It's a boys club.

2 (54m 52s):
Why we, why are we getting, it's, it's like Jim honest, like Joe go, he would not let women train. Hmm. Why? Because, not because it was against women? No, we love women coming in there. But he, he figured I don't have the room for another bathroom here. Ah, I have three dozen square feet. I have only for the man to shower and the bathroom. Some

0 (55m 10s):
Of of those girls are pissed standing up, I'll tell

2 (55m 11s):
You. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, we had women coming in and they watches work out, but they couldn't train there until they got in a bigger space. And then women were included in the whole thing. And so the federation was a little bit reluctant to do that. And when we did the Miss Olympia and all of the girls really enjoyed that, that they were able to go on stage to also compete. Yeah, that's amazing. With the muscles and all that stuff. The federation then woke up and they said, okay, we are gonna get involved in that and we are gonna go get, and since then it has been booming and they have been doing not only bodybuilding competitions, but you know, fitness competitions and beauty competition. Does

0 (55m 50s):
Arnold Classic have a women's division? Oh yeah. Absolutely. Oh, that's great. I didn't know that. Sorry. Oh yeah. Oh wow. Look at these chocolate babies right here, huh? Yeah. Everybody kind of gets chocolate here. Huh?

2 (56m 2s):
The tanned Then now you have this tanning stuff.

0 (56m 5s):
Was it real tanning back then? Or was it Well,

2 (56m 8s):
No.

0 (56m 9s):
What was the key to the best tan? The best tan We got

2 (56m 12s):
The best tan that we could get. So I would work out a lot of times outside in the weight lifting platform in Venice. Oh yeah. I love

0 (56m 20s):
Everything.

2 (56m 21s):
So, so, so you get kind of tanned all over the place, not doing chin ups and doing bench presses and, and dips and all this stuff. Then we would jump in the ocean again, come back and work out some more and all this. But on the end, we then added to that tan, tan in a minute by Helena Rubenstein. Ooh. So they, I don't even know if this exists anymore that they

0 (56m 45s):
Bring it up tan in a minute. Huh? But that 62nd, so ve they call it,

2 (56m 51s):
That was in, in those days it was the big trick. So you put it on with a sponge, you know, you just poured it out on little plate. You put it on with a sponge and you hit a buddy of yours. They did your back and stuff. The back of the thighs and all of that stuff. So this is what they did. That's why a lot of guy, the day they sprayed on, right. They have actual experts come to the bodybuilding show and backstage there's people that manufacture the staining stuff and they would then help body builder and sprayed on and all of that. So it is much more professional today.

0 (57m 22s):
But at the time, so you would somebody, they would put that tan in a can basically. Yeah,

2 (57m 26s):
They would put it in a bottle. Okay. It was

0 (57m 28s):
In the bottle. And you'd have a friend do your back. Would anybody ever sabotage somebody and not do their back really good?

2 (57m 33s):
No, but I mean, there was some people that were really stupid and then did not know how to put it on. Maybe it would show kind of like streaks. Yeah, yeah. Of the, of the, because they didn't have the right response. Yeah.

0 (57m 43s):
A little mulato around the wrist.

2 (57m 45s):
Huh. So, so we put on just a light kind of layer. It was all about just a little subtle thing because it's not gonna make you win. No. It just makes you, the photos look a little bit better when you have a little bit of color.

0 (57m 56s):
And what was it called? If somebody went too dark, would you just call 'em a little chocolate bunny or something? Like what would you do if somebody No, nothing.

2 (58m 1s):
It was up to the individual. As a matter of fact, they tell you that you can see in our Arnold Classic a lot of times when, when the guys turn around. Yeah. You sometimes don't even know who is black and who is not. Oh yeah.

0 (58m 15s):
I know. That's

2 (58m 16s):
The best 'cause because because they're so dark now that tanning has gotten so sophisticated and so brown.

0 (58m 21s):
Look at this guy.

2 (58m 21s):
I mean this. Yeah. So he's a perfect, when he turns around, you would saying it's a black guy standing there.

0 (58m 26s):
For sure. And if you a nutmeg fella, yeah. That is just a little molasses baby. That's so remarkable.

Oracle (58m 35s):
In business, they say you can have better, cheaper or faster, but you only get to pick two. What if you could have all three at the same time? That's exactly what some of the world's most innovative brands and AI tech companies have since they upgraded to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure, OCI is the blazing fast platform for your infrastructure, database, application development and AI needs where you can run any workload in a high availability, consistently high performance environment and spend less than you would with other clouds. How is it faster? OCIs Block storage gives you more operations per second. Cheaper. OCI costs up to 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage and 80% less for networking. Better in test after test. OCI customers report lower latency and higher bandwidth versus other clouds. This is the cloud built for AI and all your biggest workloads Right now with zero commitment. Try OCI for free. Head to Oracle dot com slash t. That's Oracle dot com slash theo. Okay, dad. Showtime.

1 (59m 52s):
Now

2 (59m 57s):
I'm very protective of my team. Witness protection was our only choice, but all of us living under one roof can get awkward.

1 (1h 0m 10s):
Nope. Oh my God. Bad Donny. Bad Donny. Hello Luke.

4 (1h 0m 21s):
Underneath the foreign stars in a foreign place where

1 (1h 0m 25s):
Noso, east German spy disappeared in 1989.

4 (1h 0m 33s):
Wants

1 (1h 0m 35s):
Cool Dad. Your terrorist friend is amazing.

2 (1h 0m 42s):
Who the hell is that?

1 (1h 0m 44s):
Theodore Chips,

2 (1h 0m 45s):
Former MI six agent.

1 (1h 0m 47s):
He works for me together, will destroy the world. You goat love.

4 (1h 0m 56s):
Change his hands as You don die. Fuel spying on you, us us. Spying on You, Don.

1 (1h 1m 11s):
Well, Emma's pregnant, get got your tongue. I hope not. I may need it in the future. Sex she means sex. World War III is about to jump off. Ready? No, no.

4 (1h 1m 42s):
Hold

1 (1h 1m 43s):
On.

2 (1h 1m 53s):
I told you

1 (1h 1m 55s):
I'm back.

0 (1h 2m 4s):
I I wanna talk about your new show. You do have some, some stuff just so we make sure we talk about it. Man. Fubar, I watched your first episode, so I guess it's not out yet, right? No. And it's season two. It's kind of great 'cause it brings you through all this like, nostalgia of watching you over the years, right? Like I feel like it's a little bit of all the, like to me this is perception and it could be judgment, but a little bit of like all your roles into one. Did it feel like that a little bit when you're shooting it or,

2 (1h 2m 29s):
Well, the idea of the show is of course when you act out, then you find those moments where you can play off the different roles. But the idea of the show is just to do like what, what we did with True Lies, what Jim Cameron did with True Lies, right? So it was like, how do we go and do a show where you pack it with action and also with comedy, with, with humor, and also with kind of soap opera where it is relationships, interesting relationships and so on. And so I think that the writers did a really good job because just like in True Lies, I'm the number one spy in this show. And but when I, when I come home, so I kick ass out there.

2 (1h 3m 9s):
I take care of the job all the time, wipe out the enemy. All the terrorists know this. But when I come home, I have to deal with the everyday crap. Yeah, right. Like, like we all do, right? If you have to worry about the kids wife, check the mail, the wife, the wife is, the wife is mad at you because you were gone for a week again and you couldn't really explain, explain you always, I always, because my wife does not know that I'm a spy. So you always had to lie and have, have this, this equipment company and there's a health convention there. They have to go to this convention. I have to, then they come home and they have to make up stories. I say the sales guys are really interesting. I said, I tried to sell my equipment there and over they talked about this life cycles. All of a sudden they say, I was so upset about this whole.

2 (1h 3m 50s):
And so, you know, you just make up all these stories, which is, but I'm getting, you know, the, the, there's a divorce there then, you know, then my daughter all of a sudden is in the ca and then she's also a spy and all of this stuff. So there's all these conflicts that are going on and it makes it a really interesting show then to watch because it's relationships, it's action, it's, it's funny and all that. And so last show did very well, the last series and that did the second season. And so now we see how that is doing.

0 (1h 4m 20s):
Yeah, I think there's like a level of also nostalgist getting you to getting to see you still operate in these roles. You know, like you've just, you've continued to keep your, I mean you're, you know, you've just continue to want to work. It does. 'cause you don't have to work anymore. What?

2 (1h 4m 34s):
Well, let, let me tell you something. I love to work. Why? Because it makes you active. Hmm. And I just think the most important thing is as we get older, you don't have to worry about any of that Right now. But I mean, eventually you will. When, when you get older you just, you have a tendency of sitting around. You have a tendency of not moving as much. And so it forces you. So when you do a movie, you have to get up at six in the morning. You have to get to the set, you have to go and prep. You have to go and practice the day, the action and all that stuff. And the fight scenes. You have to do the rehearsals of the, of the scenes.

2 (1h 5m 15s):
And you work until night, right? Then you go home and you fall bed tired. And then you get up again in the morning. So, and remember the most important thing for your brain is to go and practice and to kind of do challenging things with your brain so You don't get Alzheimer's and the other kind of diseases like that. So it's makes you memorize lines, long scenes. And especially on tv, you do like six to eight or 10 pages a day.

0 (1h 5m 42s):
Oh, just keeping your brain

2 (1h 5m 43s):
Active, active you bring around. And then I play chess on the side when, while I'm waiting for the scenes and all this to just keep always going. So to me, the important thing is because I feel like if you rest, you rust. Mm. And so it's all about movement. It's all about keep moving and keep moving and keep challenging yourself because as soon as we retire you, the things go south. Yeah. I mean there's just something that happens, especially

0 (1h 6m 6s):
Alzheimer's. I mean especially it's Alzheimer's, Schwarzenegger, Alzheimer's. They're almost seem like they would be neighbors, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah, no judgment or anything. But it almost seems like that would be the one to look for you because of just your le same letters. Some of the same letters. Even

2 (1h 6m 22s):
I have enough with my heart problems. So I mean, I don't have to worry about another Oh, you had heart problems, another problem. No, no. For forever. Oh, you know, for the last 25 years had heart, heart surgery, you know, three times and all that kind of stuff. And valve replacements and, and, and all that stuff. It's a congenital thing from my, from my mother. She had it from her mother and all that stuff. And so I have to deal with that all the time. But everything is good because I train every day and I, I exercise and I watch what I eat, which is I watch the food and then I eat it.

0 (1h 6m 50s):
Did you ever have a stroke and you just kind of, you're like, ah, I've kind of had that before. I, I can get through the rest of the day. No,

2 (1h 6m 55s):
No. None of that.

0 (1h 6m 57s):
I, I, you know what I'm talking about though? Yeah. Like, did you ever have like, 'cause sometimes you'll get a pain or something and you're like, I think I'm okay. Did you ever have, like if, I'm assuming if you had a lifetime, a a lifetime of like having heart issues, that you would start to be like, ah, that's

2 (1h 7m 9s):
Gonna be okay. No, it was never, it was, I always was kind of in front of the situation. So that means that I remember when I took my mother to the hospital here, when she was here visiting. She always had an, had an episode and I took her to UCLA. That's when we found out that she had a valve problem. And the doctor then said to me, he says, make sure that you also check yourself. He says, because this is something that's a genetic thing.

0 (1h 7m 34s):
So it's almost like a gift that she got to be here and you got to go through that with her.

2 (1h 7m 36s):
Yeah, exactly. So, so I, from that point on, always went to the doctor. Wow. And the doctor said to me, he says, well, you have, you know, at one point he said, you have a problem with your valve, with the aortic valve and You don't have to do anything now it says, but as soon as we see it going down, we want to catch it before it goes down because otherwise it affects theor itself and blah, blah, blah. And all of the, so the bottom line is I stayed on top of it and all this. So when I got my surgery about surgery, I went in there because I made an appointment. So there was no episode, there was no stroke, there was no heart attack or anything. Never had any of those kind of things. So I always was ahead of the game.

0 (1h 8m 14s):
Was it scary when they put you under, like were you kind of scared? No. Did you make sure it was the best guy doing it, Arnold? Because you got have

2 (1h 8m 19s):
The best guy. Of course, of course. It's, it's important to that. Did you

0 (1h 8m 22s):
Look him in the eyes and take him off the side and say, Hey, let's make sure we do it good. No,

2 (1h 8m 25s):
I don't have to do that. No. I, I think I, I would do

0 (1h 8m 28s):
That

2 (1h 8m 28s):
For sure. I, I knew this guy's history. Dr. Staz was his name. They did the first surgery, first two surgeries, and he was like the top of the top you, so there was no do about it.

0 (1h 8m 40s):
When you, you've, you've had such a, like you've had a very blessed and interesting life, right? It's been, you know, and you've had it. So you know, at what point you're probably, I would say it's, I think it's fair to say you're probably in the second half of your life. At what point do you like, does kind of like goal, like goals turn into like legacy? If, if in your mind at all, if it does, and I don't mean that to be a uncomfortable question. I'm just like, does your brain start to adjust where like, these are my goals and then like, okay, this is a legacy that I wanna leave. Does that make any sense or no?

2 (1h 9m 14s):
Well, I think it is always important to think about, you know, the idea of that we should leave the world a better place than we inherited it. And so I, my whole life was always about, okay, how can I make this a better world of the knowledge that I have? So for instance, in fitness, in bodybuilding, I went around the world to promote the idea of weightlifting and weight training and resistance training. Oh yeah. And made it then popular, right? Because we had to figure out a way of penetrating through the general public that thought that bodybuilding is just, you know, flexing your, your, your, your muscles on stage.

2 (1h 9m 54s):
But they didn't realize that bodybuilding is something that you just get a healthy and stronger body for whatever you do. You maybe need it for tennis, you maybe need it for your bicycling. You maybe need it for your whatever sport. You know, like UFC fighters that were,

0 (1h 10m 9s):
Oh, the first time I heard of fitness was through you. Yeah, it was through you.

2 (1h 10m 11s):
But I mean, that was the idea is I wanted to not just lift myself up, but I wanted to lift the rest of the bodybuilding movement up. And so it was always something. So now of course 50 years later there's a gymnasium in every hotel in the world, there is a gymnasium or weight room in every kind of a military installation of base.

0 (1h 10m 32s):
There's those guys we saw there doing those curls with the cement. There's every Exactly.

2 (1h 10m 36s):
So people are lifting weights everywhere. Every high school, every college, every sports team. Everyone has weight rooms. Yeah. So this is where we are now that, so this is why I felt really proud of that, that we were able with the help of chain font and other kind of characters that were, you know, helping women with the fitness movement. And so we really elevated the, the, the, the fitness sport to something really also huge economic, you know, contribution Yeah. That it made. So to me, that's important that when I became governor, I wanted to make sure that we have healthcare for everybody. I wanna make sure that we have a cleaner environment, that we, we fight pollution and to pass laws to reduce the pollution in, in California by 25% and all that.

2 (1h 11m 20s):
So I continued on creating an environmental organization and to have our world summit in Vienna every year where older environmentalists come together and talk about how do we go and fight pollution and all that stuff. So we have one coming up in 14 days now again. And so it's, it's always after school programs. For instance, when I realized that our kids, that that, you know, 70% of the kids come from a home where both of the parents are working. So there's no one, they're picking them up after three o'clock from the school. Right? So I saw this kid standing around after school and not doing anything. So then I found out, well this is the danger zone for kids between three and six o'clock.

2 (1h 12m 1s):
'cause there's no supervision. So they get involved with drugs, with gangs, with violence, with alcohol, teenage pregnancy. Oh yeah. I said, this cost the community a lot of money. Let's do something about it. Everyone was complaining about it, but they were not doing anything about it. So I stepped out and I started the afterschool programs and it has been a huge hit we have raised over the last 30 years.

0 (1h 12m 21s):
Are they still, the program started

2 (1h 12m 23s):
$5 billion we raised. Oh really? How much

0 (1h 12m 25s):
Was

2 (1h 12m 25s):
It? We all over the country, we have been to millions and millions of kids. We have helped with afterschool programs, with great success rates and all of this stuff. So to me it's all about how, how can I make this a better world? So

0 (1h 12m 37s):
This, I see what you're saying. So you feel like a lot of your legacy has kind of been lived along the way.

2 (1h 12m 40s):
It Exactly. It's not like I want, this is should be my legacy. I don't think that way, but I think about, I want to improve the world, especially

0 (1h 12m 47s):
Now.

2 (1h 12m 48s):
But I mean, think about it. I'm an immigrant. I'm an immigrant that came over here and got every opportunity in the world because of America. Right. And America gave me everything they gave me the money that have made the Korean bodybuilding, the career in acting, the, the wonderful family. All of that stuff is because of America. So to me it's a natural thing that they give something back. Amen. To America country. You're

0 (1h 13m 15s):
One of the most jacked immigrants too that we've ever had. Probably, I think for sure. I hope so. Yeah, you do. And you're, you're competitive about it. I love that. You know, I can feel how competitive you are and, and that's great. You have to be competitive. 'cause also America is a platform for if you are competitive and if you choose to apply yourself that you can reach some of your dreams and goals and aspirations. Do you think that it's still possible? Like you've had this, you've gotten to live in America for a while now and have a good breadth of understanding here. You've gotten to work in politics. Do you think it's the American dream is still possible? Or, or do you think there's, there's things happening these days that are where we're not helping that along?

2 (1h 13m 55s):
Well, I can tell you, I didn't study this issue. Right. I, I couldn't really give you facts and figures for sure. But what I, what I can tell you is no matter where I go in the world, the day people come up to me and says, Arnold, can you please help me get to America?

0 (1h 14m 13s):
Hmm.

2 (1h 14m 14s):
So that never has changed. It, it doesn't matter to immigrants, people that want to come here, they didn't know what the political situation, they didn't care if the Democrat is in power or Republicans in power. What the Senate says, what the Congress says, what the governor said, nothing. They just want to come over here. They want to get a shot. Yeah. You know, so this is what it is and they have to do it. Do it the legal way, you know. So that is the, the key thing to me for sure. To do it the legal way. So anyway, the bottom line is, I think the opportunities are there. When I go down to go chin, I see this guy from Africa that was competing in my bodybuilding shows in the Arnold Classic and came, was in one of the top three in, in order.

2 (1h 14m 57s):
Then he became a personal trainer. He's charging $200 an hour. He's driving up one day with his blue Bentley. The next day he's driving up with his red Ferrari. And I mean, this, this is, this is a, a guy from Africa that came over here with nothing. Yeah. So this is a, a young kid is like maybe 35 or 40 years old. And look at what he does. So there's trainers down there that are from different countries. There's people if you are willing to work. That's why I always say to people, I, I say, work your ass off. Don't ever come. This is my big advice to the immigrants. I say, don't ever come over here to just use this country. Mm.

2 (1h 15m 37s):
I say give something back. Think about that. You want to work your ass off here. You want to educate yourself here. You want to contribute to America here. That's what you want to do. Because the very fact that you're allowed to come over here, you should go and have that mentality of wanting to see, give something back. That's the bottom

0 (1h 15m 55s):
Line. Amen. Man. And I think that goes too, even as you're saying that, Arnold, it's making me think about like even a relationships that I'm in or business situations. I should think of most things as that way. Like, let me give something to this. Right. Whatever this is, if this is a relationship with a spouse or a girlfriend or a boyfriend or a, if it's a team that I'm on or just a commitment I've had, I'm gonna spend an hour with my son or your or my mom to do something. Let me give something to this. Right? Let me not just take even this moment for granted. Whatever it is, let me be here and be present and apply myself right. To, so that we create something that just so I'm honoring the fact that I even have this moment in time.

0 (1h 16m 35s):
Yes.

2 (1h 16m 35s):
Yeah. And lemme tell you something, that as soon as people realize that they're not self-made, that there were a lot of people involved in where you are today. A lot of people, you couldn't operate without the engineer. You couldn't operate without the deal that you got to do this and blah blah blah and all this kind of stuff. You have to recognize that because when you recognize that you're not self made, that people have helped you, that is what makes you think click and say, I gotta now help other people. Ah, I have the responsibility to help other people. And then you realize how much joy it brings you when you see that you have an impact and you can help other people.

2 (1h 17m 17s):
That's why we have the pump club, and that's why we do the Arnold Classic and the promotion of bodybuilding and environmental stuff and the afterschool programs. I mean, to go to one of this afterschool program, the conventions, and to hear the kids' stories, it just makes you feel so good that you did that. That you raised the money. We have poker tournaments at my house. Yeah. Where we raised like seven, $8 million sometimes. Damn. And then we put this right into the afterschool programs. So this is where the action is. And you can do all of that. Because as I always say, the day is 24 hours and I talk about at great lengths in my book and it'll be useful. I talk about all those kind of principles of giving back and having a vision and don't listen to the naysayers and all those kind of things.

0 (1h 18m 1s):
Who do you go to for your, like, your inspiration? Do you have like a coach or a mentor over the years? Have you had like, like do you go to Tony Robbins? Do you hire some of these guys who are really good at this type of stuff to help you in, in certain speed bumps in your life?

2 (1h 18m 12s):
Well, I, I would say that I have always had mentors. Like I, you know, the waiters that, that helped me and they looked up to them. Reg Park is something then bodybuilding that I looked up to. Then later on was like Ronald Reagan when he was governor of California, then became president. And Nixon people that I, I looked up to, or George Schultz, who was Secretary of State on the Reagan, that then became my mentor when I became governor. And told me about how to work together with bad Democrats in Republicans and not to just my way or the highway type of thing.

0 (1h 18m 45s):
Did you get to meet Reagan?

2 (1h 18m 46s):
Yeah, for many times. Yeah. Oh really? Course, yeah.

0 (1h 18m 49s):
Wow. What was he like?

2 (1h 18m 50s):
Man, I was at the White House. I was invited to state dinners there and everything like that. They

0 (1h 18m 54s):
Have good food over there. Say again? Good food over there, huh? Oh yeah.

2 (1h 18m 57s):
They, yeah. They know how to cook. Hell

0 (1h 18m 59s):
Yeah.

2 (1h 18m 59s):
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. God. But the, but this, and then also Nixon. I mean, I was down at the Nixon Library, I remember in the early nineties. And that's when Nixon just without telling me, called me up on stage and tell me, wanted me to give a speech, you know? So I told him how I became a, a Nixon fan and you know, when I came over here to this country and all that stuff, he loved it. He said to me, he says, oh, you should become governor of California. You know? And so it was like, it was really great. So he was one of the guys that always pushed about,

0 (1h 19m 32s):
It's awesome. That's Bob Hope right there. Yeah,

2 (1h 19m 33s):
Exactly. Yeah.

0 (1h 19m 34s):
I just got, I gotta did a show in Qatar. Qatar. Qatar. Oh, he did. It was pretty cool. Yeah. I happened to just be, be over there. Trump was over there speaking too. It the same day. But we just did a show for the troops.

2 (1h 19m 43s):
Oh yeah, yeah, exactly. But this is a great thing that you do.

0 (1h 19m 46s):
It was awesome.

2 (1h 19m 46s):
I, I tell you, there's nothing that they appreciate more than to go there and do schmooze with them. Take photographs with them or tell them some chokes.

0 (1h 19m 55s):
Yeah.

2 (1h 19m 56s):
Remember I did it with Jay Leno.

0 (1h 19m 58s):
It was hit or miss. There we are. Right there. Oh

2 (1h 19m 60s):
Man, look at that.

0 (1h 20m 1s):
That's what all look at.

2 (1h 20m 2s):
Look at that team.

0 (1h 20m 3s):
A couple Kku Klux Sandman. That's the joke I made. Yeah. Pretty good joke. I think it's good. Yeah. Did when you look, you

2 (1h 20m 11s):
Do that, did do that often. You do shows for I

0 (1h 20m 14s):
Did it for a long time and then I've taken a break recently for troops. Yeah. Yeah. I, I did it for a long time and then I've taken a break recently, but this really reignited me on it. I was actually texting a couple friends of mine and saying, let's go do some, just even close bases that are close to us in America. Just whatever we can, let's start to do it a little bit more. And yeah, I think we're gonna start to do it more. So I'm really excited about that. I feel really lucky. I mean, my whole job is freedom of speech, right? So it's like if people aren't protecting that, you can't even be a comedian in some countries, you know? No, of

2 (1h 20m 44s):
Course not. Yeah, no, I, I think it's a great idea. And of course I remember that in, when I was in my height, in my bodybuilding days, I was invited to go on the aircraft carrier, Norfolk, Virginia, and to go and train with the sailors Oh. And to show them how to exercise and all that stuff. It was fantastic. Great.

0 (1h 21m 4s):
They love

2 (1h 21m 4s):
That was up there. And I said, ever since then, I really found it really enjoyable to go, it's down here, there near San Diego to Pendleton or any of those military bases. Or if I go to Seoul, South Korea or to Japan or anywhere I go Middle East, I was in Kube and visiting them.

0 (1h 21m 23s):
Oh yeah. It's

2 (1h 21m 23s):
Fun over there. Working out with them at like three, four in the morning.

0 (1h 21m 26s):
Dude. When I work out with 'em, they don't give a shit. I'll tell you that dude. Well,

2 (1h 21m 29s):
I tell you that there's some really serious lifters there.

0 (1h 21m 32s):
Yeah. But they do not. Yeah. They do not wanna see me do anything. I usually stand on the side and just drink. I'll have a little bit of a protein shake. But when you, what about like, like was it hard with your whole life? Was it tough to be, like, was it ever tough to be a good husband or be a good dad? Like if, if so much of your job takes, like your work side of you. 'cause I noticed for me, like I'm not married yet, I would like to find a wife, but it's hard for me to even find time. You know, like, is it tough? Like were there moments where, because your life gets so big, right? And you've had a big life. I mean there's like you Arnold and then the other guy, Hey Arnold, he's a fucking drawing, I think. Right? So you're the, you're like, the name is yours really. Right? Like, does it ever get hard to be a parent or something because of how big your,

2 (1h 22m 16s):
Let me tell you something. Everything that you want to do that is really good and you want to go all out. It's difficult, it's challenging. But I was very fortunate because I married a woman that understood that I have to work and she didn't complain about it. You know? So we got together and they understood that right away because of the family. She came from the Kennedy family. Right. So Maria Schreiber was like, she understood Oh, that right. That all of her Bobby

0 (1h 22m 44s):
Kennedys who related to Bobby Kennedy.

2 (1h 22m 46s):
Exactly. Yeah. So, so if it, if it is, you know, John F. Kennedy, if it was Bobby Kennedy senior, you know, when he ran for president, I mean all her father ran for president and for vice president and all of this. So, so she was used to that. Everyone has to go out and work

0 (1h 23m 1s):
The energy

2 (1h 23m 2s):
Of all that. They left the house in the morning and they came back late at night. And, or like for instance then later on, you know, was traveling around the world for Special Olympics because, and her mother was also a workaholic. And so she understood that. And so when, when I was going on location, when we had kids, she would go and she would stop her job in, in New York to NBC Chop that she was hosting the morning news and she will stay home. Oh, she's a newscaster. She will stay home and she will stay with the kids. And so this is why we have four terrific kids that we created together. And Patrick, of course, we are very proud of him.

0 (1h 23m 37s):
Oh yeah. I love his new show.

2 (1h 23m 39s):
The show.

0 (1h 23m 40s):
So cool. He did a great job and

2 (1h 23m 41s):
Did a fantastic job. And you know, and Catherine is fantastic and writes books and all this stuff.

0 (1h 23m 46s):
And and who are your other two children? Just so we are

2 (1h 23m 48s):
Christina and Christopher

0 (1h 23m 50s):
And Christopher and

2 (1h 23m 51s):
Christopher's also in show business. He's, you know, working for a production company. He reads more scripts than I ever read in my whole life. But I mean, so it's, it's really great to see all the kids then have one son outside the marriage, which is Joseph. And Joseph is also doing terrific in real estate. And so, so it's that they, it's key thing is to really concentrate on being a participative father when you have kids, because you got to go, they want to see you ski when you go up and say let's go skiing. They don't want you to just send them up in the mountains in the cold weather where they freeze their butt off. They wanna see you sitting on a chairlift, go up with the skis and ski with them.

2 (1h 24m 31s):
So that's what they did. They're showing up. They of course they hated it when they were kids. They said, oh dad, let's go in. I want to get a hot jacket. They said, there is no hot jacket skiing. I said, this is ski mountain, not a hot jacket mountain. I said, what's the matter with you kids? You know? And then they were crying on the chair and then people were going up there and the chairlift and we were skiing down and skiing down for three, four hours. And then we had the hot jacket and with the lunch and all stuff. And now when they go up to Sun Valley and they go skiing, they stop me and they say, dad, I just want you to know how much I appreciated you made us ski. Ah. 'cause now I ski fantastic. I can go down on any run. And

0 (1h 25m 10s):
They love it and they thank you and they do it. They

2 (1h 25m 11s):
Said, that's what I always tell my friends. I said, don't just go and take pictures of them skiing. No, you put the keys on, you put his ski boots on and you go and do it. It's the same with playing soccer. I was playing soccer with my son and I was, you got to go and participate in all of this stuff. And so this is what I believed in. I went to all the games with my wife. Oh damn. And oh my God

0 (1h 25m 33s):
Brother this,

2 (1h 25m 35s):
Well any leitz can make anyone look good,

0 (1h 25m 38s):
I guess. Yeah. My gosh. Yeah. No, but you know what I just gather from some of your things is just the application of self, right? Yeah. And that you have to go get it. You have to go do this. Right? Yeah. Do you know Bobby pretty good? Bobby Kennedy's a friend of mine. Yeah. Yeah.

2 (1h 25m 52s):
Bobby, I mean is a, let me tell you something about Bobby. I mean, he's a great guy.

0 (1h 25m 57s):
Oh, he's one of my favorite. He's one of my favorite guys.

2 (1h 25m 59s):
Think, think about, I

0 (1h 25m 60s):
Know him for recovery. We go to recovery meetings together. But,

2 (1h 26m 2s):
But think about this for a second. Second, I'm running for governor in 2003 and then all of a sudden they get a phone call from Bobby, who I knew very well and Bobby and Joe Kennedy, his brother, his older brother. And they were always really kind of nice to me and kind and inclusive and stuff like that. Well, fuck

0 (1h 26m 22s):
It, you're the damn Terminator. They gotta be at least

2 (1h 26m 25s):
Horrible. No, no. But I mean, you know, some people are kind of like, who is this new guy coming into the family type

0 (1h 26m 29s):
Of thing? Oh, I see. Especially their family. 'cause it's a prestigious thing.

2 (1h 26m 32s):
That's right. Yeah. So, but they were really nice. So Bobby calls me and he says, Arnold, you're Republican Republicans are not known for the environmental record. He says, I'm an environmentalist. He says, yes, you know, I'm the head of the river keepers and all that stuff. He says, and I have a guide that you should have a new team that can educate you really about the environment. Hmm. I said, well, think about it. It's really nice. I said, who is it? Terry Tamon. He says, let me send him over to your office. He sent over Terry Tamon, we hit it off right away. Really well. And the next thing I know is, is, is that we are working together, he's part of the team. And then when it became governor, and I think that contributed to me becoming governor because I saw this whole idea that I want to be environmentally friendly.

2 (1h 27m 18s):
I want to reduce greenhouse gases. I want to get the envi that renewable energy up in California and all of this stuff. So Lexander said, become governor, he becomes now Terry Tam and becomes the head of the EPA and all of this. But this all happened and my knowledge about the environment and all this happen 'cause of Bobby Kennedy. Mm. So that's the kind of a guy he is. I mean, he's like, didn't say, oh, you're a Republican, I'm gonna campaign against you. No, he was 100% on board. He wanted to wish me good luck. And he did wish me good luck. And he wanted me to win, not because I'm a Republican. Then he just felt like, oh, I like Arnold. I want to help.

0 (1h 27m 56s):
I want the good guy to win no matter what side he's on.

2 (1h 27m 58s):
Exactly. So that's the kind of a guy Bobby is, you know, so I'm, I think the world of him.

0 (1h 28m 3s):
Yeah, he's cool. We had him on the podcast when everybody was thinking he was kind of crazy during the pandemic and stuff. And he was concerned about just people's health and wellbeing with vaccines and stuff we had him on and, but yeah, I've always known him to be just a neat guy, you know? He is my friend. Yeah. I'm excited for him. I I'm curious to see what it's like once you get into office, how can you still keep your beliefs or not? Or do things get heavily compromised? Do you feel like Yeah,

2 (1h 28m 28s):
It is compromised. You have to,

0 (1h 28m 30s):
You have to compromise because

2 (1h 28m 31s):
When, because the whole world doesn't think exactly like you. Mm. And remember what Eisenhower said? Eisenhower said that politics is like the road, the left, the right is the gutter and the center is drivable. And it's exactly the way it is in politics. You have to understand that there's a sweet spot, you know, like the teaching in golf hit the sweet spot or in tennis to hit the sweet spot. All this, there's a sweet spot to find. Exactly. So you can get a deal made. Indeed, you can move things forward. It's not exactly your way. I mean, I remember with the infrastructure, I wanted to build a hundred billion dollars worth of infrastructure, but they only agreed and around $60 billion.

2 (1h 29m 12s):
So I didn't get in my way with the financial situation. I wanted to wipe out the know the, the deficit. And I was not able to do that with all these Democrats around it. They, they love to spend money. So, so, so I was, I was stuck with it. So, but the fact of them is we could improve the situation and I was able to work together with the Democrats on environmental issues and infrastructure issues and so many other healthcare issues and so many other issues. Education and all of this stuff. And we, we, we did really fine and had a great time up there being governor of the state of California.

0 (1h 29m 43s):
But it's about compromise. I mean, you've said before that you can't do everything, you can't do it all by yourself, right? No,

2 (1h 29m 47s):
It's not a dictatorship. You know, it's so you have two parties if ever in within your own party. They think differently. So that's, you have to face reality. The trick is just to be, to not hate the other side because they think differently. It's just kind of like figuring out how can we work together and how can we do something that's really good for the people. That's the bottom line.

0 (1h 30m 10s):
They just had. Do you think we'll ever have a Republican governor again in California?

2 (1h 30m 15s):
Well, you know, if someone has a good program and if someone is organic, I mean, with me it was possible because I had a great mentor, number one, which was Pete Wilson, who was a governor of California, two terms. And he helped me. Pete Wilson. Yeah, Pete Wilson. Yeah. And he helped me, you know, with the race a lot. And then I also was organic because, you know, people saw that I did not come outta nowhere where I always had went from acting to politics. I mean, I, I was working with Special Olympics for decades, going around the world to help Special Olympics and to get recognition for them and to be able to, to get jobs and to have, you know, be able to live everywhere they anywhere they want and to get into sports Special Olympics sports programs in always power lifting in order.

2 (1h 31m 9s):
So I want always fighting for equality, including in South Africa with Nelson Manela. We were there together fighting for Special Olympics. So the people in California saw all of that. Right. And also me starting the afterschool programs and having an initiative that then went to the people a year before in 2002. And the people voted 57% in favor of that initiative, ah, help afterschool programs. So I was already in there and I was working with President Bush being the chairman of the President's council on physical fitness and sports. So I was already giving back and giving back and giving back. So when I said now I'm not interested anymore in just doing another movie, I'm more interested in getting the state of California back on its feet because we had blackouts with huge deficits.

2 (1h 31m 56s):
You know, the illegals were getting driver's license and was all, all kinds of crazy Yeah. Stuff that was going on here. And I said to myself, you know, the, the, the Indian gaming, they didn't pay taxes and they did all gaming and made billions of dollars and their workers' compensation costs were high and people were moving out with their businesses in California. I said, I will bring California back. No matter how many people were campaigning for Greg Davies, who was governor then, you know, Clinton came out and campaigned for him. Gore came out and you know, John Kerry came out, Al Sharpton, all of those guys came out to campaign for him. I said, the bushes said, no, no, don't come out. I don't need that. It's between me and the voters. Yeah. And so I convinced the California people and that's how I became governor.

2 (1h 32m 38s):
That's why I got a huge majority of votes. And it, but it was organic. So many of the guys come from, from real estate and they say, well I wanna be governor. I have the money now. And I it people don't buy in on that stuff. Right.

0 (1h 32m 51s):
You can't just buy it. You don't think you can just buy it. Have to. And you had Bloomberg tried to do it a few years ago, it didn't work.

2 (1h 32m 56s):
Yeah. You have to be real. Yeah. You know, and you have to be able to have a vision. Remember again, it goes back to the book, you know, be useful. You have rule number one is you have to have a clear vision. You can't just say, I wanna be governor. Mm. What is your vision? If someone sits down and says, what is your vision of you are California. Right. And remember that Teddy Kennedy, the problem he had when they asked him, Roger Mud asked him when he announced to run for president. And Roger Mudd asked him, he says, why do you wanna be president? Teddy couldn't answer it. Hmm. You know what I'm saying? Said he was like, well my mother Rose, she always taught us to give something back. You so it didn't work. People didn't buy.

2 (1h 33m 37s):
And even though he was a great public German Right. They did a great job. You don't have a vision, the senator, but he couldn't sell it. So you have to come out of the gate and really be very forceful and know and let the people know, I know what I want to do and I'm gonna fight for you, not fight for me. I'm not, I don't wanna be a political hack. I don't wanna be just another Republican that wins the thing. No, I want to fight for you. Hmm. So that was the, the, the whole theme of the campaign.

0 (1h 34m 3s):
They have like, they just had where they found like 20 something billion dollars that was like, it was supposed to be earmarked for homeless help in Amer in California that went missing. Right. How does money go missing once you're in these places? Do you think? Is it just like people, what does it say? Newsom confronted at press conference, about 24 billion spent on tackling homelessness. Like how does, how does stuff like that, and not, it didn't even have to be this specifically, but once you're in office and you see these huge amounts of money, how does, how does stuff like that just go by the wayside where it gets, you know, lost or missing hypothetically, do you think?

2 (1h 34m 40s):
Well, first of all, let me just say none of those politicians, I would want to run my company.

0 (1h 34m 48s):
Yeah. Yeah.

2 (1h 34m 51s):
None of those companies, none of those politicians. I would like to hand over my checkbook, my bank account and say you manage it now. Yeah. Right. So that's where it starts. So then none, they, they're not that smart when it comes to solving problems. And so I can totally understand how $24 billion is missing because it's wasted. They cannot even show it. They cannot even have any accountability. Yeah. But this has been going on for 20 years now. I know we're not talking about just for the last few years this has been going on and on. Everyone has been complaining about the homeless, but they don't create, they don't really tell you that this was created by the politicians, the homelessness.

2 (1h 35m 32s):
Did

0 (1h 35m 32s):
Reagan create it though?

2 (1h 35m 33s):
No, no. It was, it was created by having people go and say, we don't want no growth in California. So when you have 19, when I came over it was 19 20 million people in California. Well there'd be had six lane highways. So now when you go to 40 million people, you would know mathematically, now you need 12 lane highways, meaning six lanes and then on top of you to build another freeway. Right. So the, the, you don't have traffic congestion, but that's not what they did. Right. Then when you have to, you know, when you go from 20 to 40 million people, then you need twice as many houses. Yeah. You need twice as many apartment buildings. You need twice as much of everything.

2 (1h 36m 13s):
Schools and everything. And they didn't, they didn't, they give them, because the environmentalists thought that if we say no growth, then no one will come. But in the meantime, no one gives a shit about that. They come anyway. And then they somehow then live three people in one apartment, or five people in one apartment, or sometimes with, with the, you know, workers that sometimes live 10 people in.

0 (1h 36m 36s):
Oh yeah. They'll really be laying on each other's backs.

2 (1h 36m 38s):
So then what happens turns now is when you have a limited amount of housing, now the prices rise. Hmm. So now when the prices go up, the value of the apartment building goes up. So the unit that used to cost $600 now costs $3,000 a month. Yeah. But the salaries, the wages didn't go up accordingly. Mm. Yeah. So now you have people that are economically homeless. Ah, they cannot afford paying for their rent anymore. So this is created by the politicians. And now remember what Einstein said, the people that created the problem cannot solve it. Hmm. So they are doing the same thing over, which is another thing Einstein said, if you try to do the same thing over and over again and expect different results, that's the definition of insanity.

0 (1h 37m 27s):
And it feels like that's where we're living these

2 (1h 37m 29s):
Days. So this is what we are dealing with here. So we have, you know, the city here is not able to manage with this, this whole thing on the state level. We are not able to manage this whole thing. So it is like, I had to go, I mean we had to homeless veterans camping out in front of the Veterans Administration up there. Westwood.

0 (1h 37m 50s):
Oh yeah, right over there. 4 0 5 in Santa

2 (1h 37m 51s):
Monica in front. Right in front of the, the, the four in Wilshire years. Yeah. They're camping out there and no one is helping them. So I went and I started making a deal and I said, can we not put inside some houses, little houses? And they said yes. And we started to, I donated the money and we started building houses and since then, there's now hundreds of houses inside the, the Veterans Administration and the homeless are gone. Yeah. 'cause they, they wanted to help the Veterans Administration. But it took a while and the city kept saying, oh, it is too difficult to do and this is really challenging to do. I said, watch that within two months we had this houses there and we created homes for 25 people so they could move in just to show to the city it can be done.

2 (1h 38m 41s):
Amen. Don't gimme this, it can't be done. Anything can be done if there's a will to it with the, with the whole thing.

0 (1h 38m 46s):
Amen. I have two quick questions for you, just about people. Thank you so much for your time today, Arnold. Thanks for the inspiration. I feel like this has been an inspirational conversation for me. Thank you. You never know what certain conversations are gonna be like. Thanks for your contributions to entertainment and to just, it's evident that you, you know, you are the American dream. And it made me feel like it is still possible. Which I don't know if I even felt like that when I started this conversation. Did you ever get to meet Michael Landon before?

2 (1h 39m 12s):
No.

0 (1h 39m 12s):
You didn't? Oh, I love him. He was one of my favorites. And did you ever get to meet Michael Jackson before? Yeah. What was he like? Do you have any good, like a cool story about him?

2 (1h 39m 20s):
Really nice man. I mean, he was very nice. He came to my trailer several times when there was filming over there in the universal lot, the studio. And then we had also dinner several times. I remember one time with Katzenberg and maybe it was even Katzenberg that organized it. I cannot remember anymore. But I mean, yeah. I mean he was a wonderful, wonderful guy that

0 (1h 39m 41s):
Would he tell stories and stuff like regular people? 'cause he always make him seem so quiet. No, no.

2 (1h 39m 44s):
He's quiet. And it could be because he wanted to protect his voice and it was odd. Yeah. Not ways about that. But he was very, very nice and very interesting and fascinated about different things and, and he was, many times he also felt like you're talking to a child.

0 (1h 40m 6s):
Oh, I could see that for sure.

2 (1h 40m 7s):
You know, he would shift into this thing where things that, that children are really into, you know, kind of like riots and Disney or something like that, that he would talk about that really interested him. And so it was, it was kind of a interesting thing, but you can see the way he grew up and with the amount of fame that he had, how difficult it must have been for him to handle all that.

0 (1h 40m 33s):
Oh, I can't, yeah. And to,

2 (1h 40m 34s):
To be this genius of a musician. I mean, it's like unbelievable. And it's sad that you got addicted to this kind of, you know, sleeping thing.

0 (1h 40m 42s):
Propofol, I think or something. Yeah.

2 (1h 40m 44s):
Idea. And then took too much of it and, and passed away. It was a huge loss for the world because he was just such a fantastic entertainer.

0 (1h 40m 52s):
Yeah. Yeah. I'll see his children every now and then. I, I, I cross paths with his daughter every once in a while. Yeah. Anything else that you wanna show Roman? I think it's been in a good conversation. Do you guys feel like that?

2 (1h 41m 2s):
I think that the key thing is, is you know, that we pump up, you know that while you're hearing this interview that you show every 10 minutes a trailer of Fubar.

0 (1h 41m 15s):
A Fubar. Okay.

2 (1h 41m 16s):
And then while I'm talking, you show a little bit of clips again and then a little bit of that. That's fair. Yeah. Let me help you with editing. Okay.

0 (1h 41m 24s):
Hey, I promise you this. I will certainly support it and I'll watch some more of it. I'm gonna get some of my friends to watch it. We grew up watching just so many movies, the Lady with the Three Breasts. Remember that one? Yeah. She was like,

2 (1h 41m 34s):
God. Oh yeah. From Total Recall. Oh yeah, yeah,

0 (1h 41m 37s):
Exactly. I recall those a lot, brother, you know. Yeah. Recall. Yeah. And I totaled them up three every time. Exactly. You know? But thank you for that. That was the first breast I was ever allowed to see. A little bit. So, but thank you so much man.

2 (1h 41m 49s):
Absolutely. It was great. And remember, I hope this is not the last time Oh yeah. That we, they do it again sometimes.

0 (1h 41m 54s):
Oh no, I would love to do this again. Yeah,

2 (1h 41m 56s):
That was fun. I really enjoyed

0 (1h 41m 57s):
The conversation. Thank you so much. Oh, one more. Just say something nice about each one of your children. So one day they'll be able to see this really fast.

2 (1h 42m 3s):
Whoa. I'm proud of all my children. I'm very proud of Catherine who has three kids now herself and was writing books and is, she's the greatest mother. She's just like her mother Maria. That was a really fantastic mother. And I'm very proud of her. I'm proud of Christina, who is also, you know, into producing and doing, you know, TV shows, documentaries and all that

0 (1h 42m 28s):
Here in Los Angeles. Yeah.

2 (1h 42m 30s):
And, and then of course Patrick Schwarzenegger, you know?

0 (1h 42m 35s):
Yeah. Just saw his new show. He's

2 (1h 42m 37s):
So good. He's doing really well. I'm so happy that he's acting career. He's taking off, you know, this is something that he really was very passionate about. Always. Christopher is doing a great job. I mean, he just lost 150 pounds. No way. Yeah. So he used to weigh three 50. He's now down like to two 10 or something like that. Oh,

0 (1h 42m 54s):
He must be feeling so much healthier, huh?

2 (1h 42m 56s):
It's, he feels really great. He works out go gym every day and I know that I'm really proud of him. You

0 (1h 43m 2s):
Get to see him there sometimes.

2 (1h 43m 4s):
I see him all the time. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. And then, you know, Joseph is a fantastic human being. He's into real estate, he's into acting and he's going into the training. He works out all the time. So I'm really proud of all of them. Yeah,

0 (1h 43m 20s):
Well

2 (1h 43m 20s):
And none of them is in the drugs. None of them is the alcohol and any of those things, so it's really fantastic. Oh, to see them. And even, and I have a nephew here. I mean that he is a really fantastic, Patrick Knapp,

0 (1h 43m 33s):
His name Patrick Knapp is his name.

2 (1h 43m 34s):
Patrick Knapp. Exactly. He's, that's

0 (1h 43m 36s):
Katherine

2 (1h 43m 37s):
The payment's my entertainment lawyer. I mean, so I brought him over from Austria because my brother passed away. So he's, this is Patrick right there.

0 (1h 43m 45s):
This is your brother's son? Yes, is my

2 (1h 43m 47s):
Brother's son. Yeah. No way. So he, he was three years old when my brother passed away. Aw. And then, so he went to school over there and everything. Then they brought him over to also go Santa Monica College, go to UCLA, go to Hastings Law

0 (1h 43m 59s):
School and down that your path Santa Monica to ucla.

2 (1h 44m 1s):
Exactly. That's right.

0 (1h 44m 2s):
Yeah. Did he, does he remind you of your brother?

2 (1h 44m 4s):
Oh yeah. Yeah. He reminds me a lot of my brother. Yeah.

0 (1h 44m 6s):
That's awesome. Yeah, I bet your brothers super proud of you man. And thank you so much Arnold, for just all your contributions and for your time today. My pleasure. Yep. You guys go watch Fubar

5 (1h 44m 15s):
Now. I'm just on the, I I like these leaves. I must be corner. Oh. But that, that ground, I, I.