
The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down. We're NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news Right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


I've got some tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Cedar Rapids, St. Paul, Minnesota Fargo, North Dakota, rapid City, South Dakota, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Rochester, New York, and Detroit, Michigan. All in June and July. Tickets available now at Theo Von dot com slash TO Uur. Thank you so much for your support. Today's guest is the Vice President of the United States of America. He was previously a senator from the state of Ohio before winning the presidency with Donald Trump. In 2024, we are coming to you from Nashville, Tennessee, from the Detroit Cowboy, a new restaurant here.


I'm grateful for his return to our podcast. Today's guest is Vice President jd. Thanks. To be clear, No, I'm not. I don't care at all. Look, We, we believe in the First Amendment. If the Secret Service has to hit me, hit me hard, brother. You know what I'm saying? And hit two other people. I want a class action suit. Oh, Holy shit. Look, there's a, there's a literal lion right there, like a lion skin.


I hadn't seen have, have you noticed that before? Uhuh? I think it's, is that a lion or it's a, Sorry. I know we're supposed to start this Thing now. No, it's okay. No, we're, you're good. I'm just, there's hand signals and stuff going on on my group. I'm just trying to get everybody to chill out so I can Okay. I, yeah. I just didn't know my bad. Fuck. No. I ruined everything, dude. We had a really good vibe going, Theo just totally Ruined. It's like my childhood, dude. I was just, something I said right outta the gate. Ruined it. That's what my mom said to me when I was, she's like, something you said to me right when I met you really ruined our relationship. And I'm like, when I was, what? 11 months old? Your mom said that to You? Yeah. She's just kind of a a, she's a mid, you know, she's just a good grudge holder, you know?


Yeah. And she's Midwestern, so she's got a good grip on it. Yeah. My mom's a good grudge holder too. Is she? But yeah, I don't think that she's ever held anything that I said at 11 months against her, though. That's pretty, I mean, that's, that's tough, man. That's a little, your mom is the champion crutching. Oh, she wins, man. She definitely wins. Yeah. This is Kid Rock's place, dude. Yeah, It's cool. There's a lion over there that I don't think people can see. There's two foxes over there. You would love. This place is my kids. Oh, dude. Kid Rock is one of the fricking, he's definitely a damn piss lizard. He is a beautiful guy. He's a good dude. He's definitely the kind of guy, I feel like he would sing it like a, I'm trying to think, where did we have Kid Rock Sing at?


I know, like a concert, but I'm trying to think of a different type of event or something. I mean, he could sing in the orchestra, or not orchestra. No opera. Okay. Dude, he would, my wife now, because of the Vice president, she's on the board of the Kennedy Center. Ooh. We could bring Kid Rock to sing in the opera. Really? Yeah. Oh, wow. That's gonna be interesting. Oh, you got Fugate. Let's do it. You gotta fumigate that place after. That's all I'm saying, dude. Just because, dude, So, so my, my cousin, her one request from the campaign is that she wanted to party with Kid Rock. And I feel kind of bad. I didn't bring her, I brought her, you remember the first time we did your podcast? Oh, yeah. My cousin was with me. Oh yeah, I met her. She's blonde, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's yeah. Good people. And she said, I really wanna party with Kid Rock.


She said she wanted to party with Kid Rock and Hunter Biden. And unfortunately, I haven't made either one of those happen yet. But we'll see. There's a lot of time left. Wow. I I don't know if there's that much time left for either one of those guys though. That's really what I would What were we talking about before we started, dude? Oh, yeah, you saw that hand thing? Remember, by Huberman? I did see this. Yeah. Yeah. What, who, who was that? What's his name? Huberman. Andrew Huberman. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, he's, and the problem was, so another doctor told me we might have had our hand backwards. So there's like a millions of people in America Oh. Doing like a potentially like homoerotic test on themselves based on, okay. So anyway, So it's, it's, your index finger is supposed to be longer than your ring finger, right? I think, I'm not sure.


Okay. Yes. That's How, that's how mine is. Okay. Is my, I mean, like, my pointer finger is longer than my ring Finger. Oh, look, I'm just saying there's a lot of guys afraid to get outta their truck at work today, probably. You know, that's all. I'm, I'm just saying. Look, I mean, there, there are, 'cause I mean, millions of people watch your podcasts. There are probably hundreds of thousands of dudes, maybe more Oh yeah. Who stared at their hand and were like, oh, no. Oh, I saw one guy pulled his finger out a socket just to lie to his wife again. Oh my God. I mean, these are the steps people were going to, especially with this healthcare. Yeah, That's Right. You know, I mean, you gotta do what you can, Man. I'm like, dude, you're gonna have to put that back in yourself. You know? That's, That's right. Yeah. But I don't think it works like that though, right.


The, the causality, I think if you like, jerk your finger outta the socket doesn't really change anything other than you have a broken finger. I look, man, not That I'm judging, of course, all, every, you know, live and let live. That's my Attitude. Look, dude, if you're a gay guy, I think if you can put you've, you've put more than your finger back in socket. Know what I'm saying? You can handle that. That's all I'm saying. So that right there, I think is a good test. I think my great-great grandfather, I'm not sure if he was gay, but people thought he was gay or whatever. Just from the pictures of him, Your great-great-great grandfather. Yeah, man, he, I don't think I know anything about my great-great-great grandfather. Well, he probably fought in the Civil War. He did. Probably for both sides. I bet. Huh? You know what I'm talking about.


Huh? Okay. So there's a database, there's actually, there's a website, I think it's like an, an American history or a Smithsonian. Somebody keeps up a database where you can go in and type your name and you can see how many people with your last name fought in the Civil War. Hell yeah. And I did that on both sides of my family, mom and dad's side. It was kind of crazy how many ans or how many people with the same name at least fought in the Civil War. Oh, I'm sure. But on, but on, I mean, like, on both sides. Both sides or some confederates, there was some union. Yeah. Who would you have fought for, you think? Sorry, I'm joking. J we're not gonna start there. I'm a big fan of Abraham Lincoln. I would've, I would've fought, I would've fought for the union. It, it's, it's interesting, man. So the, you, you, you go back in time to like, even, so when I grew up, right, the story that we told, so I grew up in southern Ohio, and the story that sort of we took learned in Ohio history and American history was basically the union was the union side was Right.


But, you know, we're all part of the same team. After the Civil War, we all came together, shook hands and, you know, kumbaya. And you could even like, respect the other side even if you didn't necessarily agree with what they were fighting for. Yeah. And I feel like something happened like 10 years ago where every, it's like, you have to think that every single person who fought for the Confederate side was an evil person. And I just think that's so stupid. Yeah. Well, I think, you know, I know there was a time when they tore down all the statues and stuff Yeah. And erased like a lot of the history. I think a lot of people would Yeah. Debate about the value of erasing history, you know, it's like That's a good point. Because it feels like it's there for a purpose and it feels like it deserves to be there, even though, like later on in life you might be, or later on in time, people might be like ashamed of it or think of it differently, right?


Yeah. That's right. That's right. It feels like it at least earned its place in existence. Yeah. And so did you, Did you ever see this, there's this documentary on the Civil War by Ken Burns. It was on PBS. Oh yeah. It got like, the really sad violin music. And I actually met the couple that composed that song from the Ken Burns documentary. Mm. Must It's like, it's a beautiful song, honestly. Yeah. But it seems sad as hell just sitting around with your wife all day listening to that shit. Good God. Let's just, let's sit here and listen to all five minutes of it in total silence. Me and you and all these producers. Look, I, I, I, I, so my wife, who, you know, her family came from South India and then immigrated, and then she was born in San Diego.


Like, I wa I watched that documentary with my wife, actually, I think when we were still dating, we weren't even married yet. And it's like such a good summary of everything that happened in the Civil War. Yeah. And you get this sense. It's sad and it's heartbreaking. You know, they read letters from some guy home to his family. Yeah. It's just a, it's, it, it captures the tragedy of the Civil War. And my wife made this point actually a few years ago. She was like, if you showed that documentary, maybe not now, but like, at the height of the woke thing, so call it 2021, you showed that documentary in 2021. There are a lot, lot of things they would try to cancel Ken Burns over. Hmm. Because, you know, like a Confederate soldier wrote a wrote, wrote a letter home, and it's sad and it's tragic, and you try to empathize with that person.


And that was, that's like, that wasn't okay in 2021. Yeah. And I, I think that's actually one of the best things that's happened in the country the last few years, is people are just done filtering themselves. Right. And they're done like being canceled or being afraid to say what's on their mind. Yeah. Like, that's a good thing. Yeah, that's a great point, man. Dude, I'll tell you this. I heard that Frederick Douglas, I heard Frederick Douglas was gay. And I'll tell you, did you, I swear Who told, who told you that? Huh? I've heard it from almost probably almost 15 or not 15 people. I've heard it from four People. Where do you go to find the people who tell you that Frederick Douglass is gay at this? You know, Look, I'll tell you this. You must, how you hang out more interesting places than I Do. He wasn't white people that told me. Really?


So, okay. Outta the gate, I given a little bit more credibility. And that's why he wanted to free all those men because he was having trouble meeting anybody. Is that right? Because Everybody was at work. That's, you know, I'm gonna talk, I'm gonna talk to JD Vance. Congratulations, dude. Congratulations. Yeah. We're gonna talk to Smithsonian about putting up an exhibit on that. And Theo Von you can be the narrator for this new, this new understanding of the history of Frederick Douglass. Dude, no, congratulations. You, Dude, you have such a dry sense of humor that sometimes you say something to me and I'm like, was he, was he screwing with me or was he actually being serious about that? But when you think about it though, he seemed awfully particular about getting them fellas off, off work early.


I, yeah, I think so. Probably, probably not for the reasons you're suggesting, but I'm just saying, I don't know. And if he was then more power to him. Dude, I think we need, I don't know. I'm not gonna, this is, it is just getting worse for me. You're still good. Congratulations, man, on being vice president. Thanks, Man. It's awesome. That's so Crazy, man. Yeah. It's just like, it, I just can't even, like, I can believe it, but it's just like, I can't, You can't. No, man, it's crazy. What about that first, the first night you won? What did y'all do? Y'all get high? Y'all didn't get high? I, If I did, I wouldn't say it for public consumption. No, dude, you got I did not get high. I did not get high. I mean, I did have a fair amount to drink that night. Hell Yeah, dude.


But dude, first time I stayed at a Hampton Inn that had two beds of those double beds in one room, we, yeah. We fucking had A joint. I mean, you gotta find an excuse to celebrate whenever, whenever one arises. But I, Yeah. Take us down that night. Okay. Alright. Here's, here's, here's what happened. So we're in Mar-a-Lago. Okay. So first of all, we got a puppy about 18 months ago. Okay. And I wouldn't even think about it, but the puppy's birthday is November the fifth, which happens to be the day of the election. So our puppy's first birthday is November the fifth. So we're at Mar-a-Lago Yeah. With Donald Trump. And Donald Trump has his chef send our dog a birthday cake. And I'm, you know, it's, I'm so nervous, you know, I'm thinking about the election results and I'm trying to get, you know, I'm calling my guys up and saying, oh, do we have any, any early returns?


Like, what's going on? And this like, rice dog, a birthday cake shows up at Mar-a-Lago. And I'm like, what the hell is going on? You know, the p the president, it's interesting. He, he compartmentalizes things very well, so he just doesn't get like, really stressed out. Yeah. He's very stoic about everything. Right. Whereas I was a little bit more nervous. So anyway, so polls close. I'm sitting there with like, my wife and all my best friends from back home come down to Mar-a-Lago to watch. Wow. Except for my one buddy Nate. I still give him crap. 'cause Nate, Nate couldn't make The trip. He didn't come. Why? He, he couldn't make the trip, man. He had, you know, he had to take care of his kid or something like that. He's a good dude. He's good dude. Love Nate. Put his kid in a van. Dude, you have to go to that And do what with her, Huh? Pay the valet to help out.


I don know. Anyway, sorry Nate. Nevermind. I don know him. Go on, Sir. Trust me. Nate. Nate's a good dude. Nate's a good dude. He's a fan of yours, actually. Oh, gimme a hope for me. Anyway, so we're watching, we're watching the election returns, and I'm getting updates because there, it's crazy, dude. There's a whole data apparatus that is feeding information into the central campaign. So like, whatever the media's reporting on we're like 15 minutes ahead of time. And we're asking questions like, oh, there's this, I'll never forget this. There's this one little county in Indiana that produced election results early. And we were like, oh my God, we did so much better in that county than, than we did in 2020 or even 2016.


Yeah. And so that's a pretty good sign. And what happened is, as these counties trickle in, you realize we're doing way better than we did even in 2016. Like, oh my God, Donald Trump's gonna be the president and I'm gonna be the vice president of the United States. And that was nuts. And I was there actually with, with my wife. So we go, so once we, once You do you put your hands in your pockets or what'd you even do? I don't know what I did with my hands, man. I was, I, it was like, it was like, you know, Talladega Knights, right? I'm just not sure what to do with my hands all night. So we go over to the hotel where they're doing like the victory celebration and I'm there with like Don Jr. And Tucker Carlson and a few other people who are sort of in the world of politics. And they called Pennsylvania.


And I didn't realize that like the, the TV called Pennsylvania. And I didn't realize that. I was just talking to my wife. And the crowd goes wild. So you hear people cheering and I'm like, what the hell happened? And I look over the tv, I'm like, oh my God, it's official. And that was one, that was one of the craziest months. God. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, the feeling at that moment. One, it was incredible. Yeah. But then you, you have this overwhelming sense of like, oh my God, we're the dog of that caught the car. Right. And now you have to do a good job. Yeah. And it's not, you know, it's not like some, some random job. It's like a really important job. And so I just had this kind of sense of, oh my God, this is real now. Well, you're moving into another class of society. I mean, shit, you're having your dog's used to getting cakes for his birthday now.


You know what I'm saying? Like, things are changing, man. Do you stay, where do you stay at? Because if Trump stay, if the president stays in the White House, where do you stay at? Yeah. So you should come Visit. You said, I'm You Don, You have an open invitation. The president actually gives me crap about this because he says, sometimes I think you have a nicer house than I do. We stay at a place we call the VPR of the Vice President's residence, but it's in the Naval Observatory. So we've got like probably 40 or so acres of completely private space In an observatory. Yeah. And, and The damn time, huh? That's right. No, no. Bring Not me in. Dude peeping Tom on Stars. And Dude, I got a small ladder. I'll set that whole neighborhood a picture of our house.


Dude. Nobody will buy a new bra in that neighborhood without me knowing it. Dude. I swear to God, brother, The telescopes are pointed towards the stars the Way. But anyway, so we, we live there as we got three little kids and like I said, a dog. Wow, that's so cool. It's very cool. So we did, actually, so a couple weeks ago, the president invited me and my wife, we had a, I think, I think it was my stepmom was in town, and the president invited me and my wife to stay in the Lincoln bedroom. And I was like, oh, that's like really cool. Of course, I wanna go stay at the Lincoln bedroom. So apparently though a vice president had never stayed at the White House with the president before. And so the Secret Service wasn't totally sure what to do. 'cause they didn't have like, the processes.


But yeah, we went to the White House. We stayed at the Lincoln bedroom. He don't stay up late. We did actually. But because it was kind of scary, right? I mean, you're like laying in the room, there's a desk where, you know, the president's, like, that's the desk where Lincoln wrote the Emancipation Proclamation. Like, I thought it would be cooler and, and more fun. But you're kind of just laying there and it's like, you know, there are ghosts. Feels like there's ghosts everywhere. Yeah. It's just a kind of a creepy feeling to be in the literal bedroom of Abraham Lincoln. I mean, you think about it, that dude went to the Ford's theater to go see a play. Left that room. Yeah. But never came back. Right. That's pretty, that's that's creepy stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Dang dude speaking. Frederick Frederick Douglas. Yeah. And yeah, we've Come full circle.


Look, I'll just say this. There's photos when he was signing that you saw Frederick in the distance. Just biggest smile. It's smiles. Really happy, biggest Smile, biggest smile on the joint. So damn, you slept. So you might be the first vice president that ever slept in the White House. That's what They told us. Yeah. I don't know. You know, that's, maybe it had happened like 30 years ago, But did y'all stay up late with the Trumps and watch a movie or anything? Like what? Did you got play a game or anything? So The White House is a movie theater. The president was busy, but my wife and I wouldn't watch Gladiator two in the White House movie theater. That's right. Hell yeah, dude. Yeah. It wasn't as good as Gladiator one, I thought. That's just one man's Opinion. Yeah. But it's way better when you're the vice president watching it. Yeah, That's right. In the, in the white in the White House movie theater.


Oh, dude, It's shitty. But if you're the vice president watching it, when you get to the end of the movie, you're still the vice president. Yeah. You're still, you're still the vice presidents. Right? So that's pretty dope, Dude. Yeah, that's right. So yeah, we stayed a plate. Watch the movie. The Food's really good. So there's like a fancy chef at the White House. I mean, it's the White House and He stay up all, all night. Well, I don't know how late he stays, but he like, if you order anything at any time of night, they will just bring it to you. Oh my God. It's Pretty cool. So I've gotta get there. Thankfully Hook, at least we're at Kid Rocks Bars, you know, so I was like, that's right. I'm headed in a good direction. We are a Kid Rock's restaurant. I do wanna say that. It's a new restaurant. Well, it's a, it's a rea refine of Joe Muir Seafood, which is a famous restaurant in Nashville.


And he gracious by letting us have this room here to do this. Okay. So I want to thank, thank You. Thank you. Bob Richie, also known as Kid Rock for letting us have this beautiful space. He told me it'd only been open for two days. Really? I didn't realize that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I was here at a fricking welcoming party or something. I, I was here last night. Nice. What that dude, I was fricking in here last night. You're the, the welcoming party, which is last night. 'cause it's only been open for two days. It's good. So how was the food? The food, I will say this actually, there's steaks that they have these little bitty mushrooms, and I feel like they were, I don't wanna say this out loud, but they were too young to be picked or whatever, but it was really good. It's good. Really, really good. I I Gotta ask you expectations. Okay. Yeah.


We have You here, Elon just hit the airwaves today. Bring it up, dude. Oh man. The fucking shit missile is in the cannon. Okay. Wow. Elon Musk, time to drop the really big bomb. Right. And I thought this was gonna be on Iran's One I haven't even seen. Right. I haven't even seen this one. But he Goes at real, real, Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. This is the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day, nice signature from a South African dj JT Man. Well, so just so your audience is aware, when was this? When is this gonna air? Like tomorrow or two days from from now? It's near 45. It's airing now. Dude. No, I'm joking.


Well, I'm just saying like, no, presumably when this comes out, people are gonna know more about this than, than I do. Right. People will, because I just Learned about this. This kind of happened on the plane when I was coming on down here. Look, I agree. This just, this is, here's this, this is new. Yeah. Here, here's, here's my basic reaction to like all this stuff is, is look, first of all, do like, absolutely not. Donald Trump didn't do anything wrong with Jeffrey Epstein. Like, there's the guy is whatever the Democrats and the media says about him. That's totally BS here. Here's my basic, my basic read on it. First of all, I'm the vice president to President Trump. My loyalties are always gonna be with the president. And I think that Elon, he's an incredible entrepreneur. He's actually done a, I think Doge was really good.


This sort of effort to root out waste, fraud, and abuse in our country is really good. And, and, and look man, I'm always gonna be loyal to the president. And I hope that eventually Elon kind of comes back into the fold. Maybe that's not possible now because he's gone so nuclear Well, his feeling. But I hope it is man Feeling to hurt. Why though? Do you, do you know why? Yeah. I mean, so look, I I, I think number one, so Elon's new to politics, right? So his businesses are being attacked nonstop. They're literally like fire bombing some of his cars. And by the way, we're looking into a lot of this stuff. I mean, some of that stuff we're looking into is an act of terrorism Yeah. At the Department of Justice, because I think it is an act of terrorism. So I think part of it is this guy got into politics and has, has suffered a lot for it.


Ah, but I, I, I mean, and I, and I get the frustration there and I get the frustration that, I mean, look, Congress, you got the spending bill, but the main purpose of the bill is not actually spending or cutting spending, though it does cut a lot of spending. The main purpose of the bill is to prevent the biggest tax increase. But I understand like, it's a good bill. It's not a perfect bill. Like the process in dc if you're a business leader, you probably get frustrated with that process because it's more, you know, bureaucratic. It's more slow moving. Yeah. So I think there's just some frustrations there. But I, I, I, I really, man, I think it's a huge mistake for him to go after the president like that. And I, I, I think that if he and the president are in some blood feud, most importantly, it's gonna be bad for the country.


But I think it's gonna be, I don't think it's gonna be good for Elon either, But Elon like, did Doge, first of all, my first thought was that it's a ruse, right? Because there's a lot of times there's where the media will put out a ruse or they'll use somebody like, I think the Diddy thing is a ruse. Like, it's like, hey, like diverse community, stay busy with this shit while we like, move all these chess pieces. Right? Sometimes that's what I feel like it is. And maybe I'm like a pervert or whatever. Sorry. Or weird guy. Sorry. But this has nothing to do with that. Huh? But I'm, I'm not a pervert. Maybe you're a weird guy. You're not a pervert. I think you're a good dude. You're Good, dude. I appreciate that dude. But anyway, what I was saying was That Diddy thing, man, is it true they found like, sorry, No, Go on. Let's play into this. But I read somewhere that they found like bottles and bottles and bottle, maybe you told me this, I don't know, somebody told me bottles and bottles of like baby oil, but that had like drugs Drug in, in it.


Bring that up was crazy. That was, they dope up. Is that real Or is that just something I heard on the internet? Because sometimes you hear stuff on the internet, it's not true. Well, Here's what defense, Most of it is. Most of the stuff you hear on the internet. What defense would you have? Like babies that are addicted to dirty oil? Yeah. I mean, you don't normally have GHB in baby oil, GH oil. Like, I'm not a doctor, but I don't think that's a normal ingredient in gh hb Anyway, sorry, mean Like, no, but I don't know. Dude, there's some babies these days that fucking wanna get to the club homie. No, but no, but so do you think it was, so obviously it was the bill, this is where it's happened. The, something about the bill made him upset. Yeah. So Yeah, that's right. That's right. I mean, again, I, I I, I think he looked at the bill, he didn't like it.


And I think it's a good bill. But a again, there are things you can criticize about it. Like the president would be very open and say, this is not a perfect bill. Yeah. But Donald Trump doesn't get to write the bills. Right? Congress has to write the bills. Okay. And you gotta work with them to try to get something that is as good as possible. Okay? So here's what I'll say about the bill. Number one prevents the biggest tax increase in American history. It prevents, it prevents It. 'cause taxes are gonna go up on everybody in a really big way at the end of 2025, because the old tax law expires at the end of 2025. Okay? So you're gonna hit a big tax increase. We're trying to prevent that from happening. We're also trying to do stuff. Okay? So you got a lot of people working long overtime hours in this economy. You know, we inherited bad inflation from Joe Biden.


So no tax on overtime, no tax on tips, right? We're in, we're in Bob Richie, we're Kid Rock's, great restaurant. His servers would not have to pay taxes on the hard earned tips that they get when they're, when they're busting their ass doing a good job. So when working for Kid Rock, man, that's hard. That's hard work, right? So I think that it's, it's a good bill and it does a lot of good for the American people. But like, look, Elon's entitled to his opinion. I'm not saying he has to agree with the bill or agree with everything that I'm saying. I just think it's a huge mistake for the world's wealthiest man. I think one of the most transformational entrepreneurs ever, that's Elon to be at, at, at this war with the world's most powerful man who I think is doing more to save the country than anybody.


I mean, I'm 40 years old, anybody in my lifetime. You think about it, it's a guy who not even a year ago, nearly took a bullet in the process of campaigning, went back on the horse the next day. And if you look, obviously I'm biased, but you look at what we've done on the border, you look at what we've done with trade fighting back against a generation of theft of the American dream, which is what the, the president's trade policies are starting to do. I just think you gotta have some respect for 'em and say, look, yeah, we don't have to agree on every issue I'm talking about. If you're Elon Musk, you don't have to agree with this on every issue. But is this war actually in the interest of the country? I don't think so. So hopefully Elon figured his figures it out comes back into the fold.


I know the president, you know, for, for a couple days. I'll tell you just, you know, I don't wanna reel too many confidences. But you know, it's getting a little frustrated, feeling like some of the criticisms were unfair coming from Elon, but I think has been very restrained because the president doesn't think that he needs to be in a blood feud with Elon Musk. And I actually think if Elon chilled out a little bit, everything would be fine. It would Help. Well, Elon also tweeted that he thought that in the second half of this year that there would be a, the Trump tariffs will cause a recession in the second half of this year. Now who knows what, what could cause a recession in the second half this year. It could be a buildup of our entire just history of being alive.


But he's saying this. Yeah. So I I, it seems like, and this is just me guessing, and I don't know Mr. Musk, I never met Mr. Musk one time. He fed my buddy spaghetti at a party though, dude, that I, my buddy. They were, people were raging and shit. And Your buddy couldn't feed himself a spaghetti. Well, my buddy said he offered my buddy some spaghetti and my buddy said, yeah, I'd like to have some and then it, but, But only if you feed it to him. But instead No, but instead of getting him a plate of spaghetti, he made him something. Put it in his mouth. Dude. Does your buddy know Frederick Douglas? My buddy? I'll say this. My buddy actually is a friend of FDR. Oh, no, no, no. That's sorry of shit Frederick. I don know God, dude.


Fucking ruin this shit, dude. Fuck dude. Civics man, chill out. No, but he said that he thinks he did. But do you think that he just thinks that, that there's too many, that it's not a fair bill for the people? Do you think Elon Musk is for the people? I mean, I think that he's making a mistake and going after the president. Okay. I think his heart is in the good place. In the right place, man. Okay. I do. Got it. Like, I, I, I think he got into this for the right reasons. I think he's frustrated. I think he's an emotional guy. Honestly. I'm a very emotional guy. Yeah. Like it's, it's the president. Is is is, it is interesting. 'cause if you read the media reports, you wouldn't necessarily see this. He's not like quick to temper. Yeah. Like, he's not one of these guys who flies off the handle.


That's a little bit more what I'm like, honestly. Oh, he's smooth. I think that's, he's he's smooth man. He is stoic and I think His blood pressure's fucking double oh seven. Dude, that motherfucker is, I don't, I don't know if that's good, but I, But it's Still Yeah, I get what you're saying. But it's, It's, it is where it is. But I, but I, I, I think I, so yeah, I think Elon means the best, but I think he's making a mistake. Yeah. Got it. That understood. Did any, was Doge helpful? It was. Yeah. It was. And I mean, look, doge continues within the White House and within the executive of, of the country. I mean, look, you, you, you, we, there's a lot of ways in which we are wasting the American people's money. Yeah. Sometimes spending it on crazy stuff, sometimes spending it on like actually counterproductive stuff.


I think Doge has saved already at least 170, maybe $200 billion. Hopefully it's gonna save more. But yeah, I think it was very worth, very Worthwhile. Whoa, that's so much money. How could you, that's a ton of money. How do they not, how would you not even notice that if that much money? Like There's so much I could tell you about this. Okay. So one of the crazy things we all figured out, like first week or so, we in the White House, okay. Is there was a payment that should be stuck. 'cause the president signed an executive orders to stop a payment. And this is like day one of the White House. We're like, okay, how do we stop this payment? Yeah. 'cause somebody's trying to make this payment and nobody knew where like the computer was that actually wired the money from the US taxpayer to this entity.


God. So dude, the, the, the amount of waste and the amount of just grift in the federal government was off the charge. It's still, it's, it's getting better, but there's still a lot more. I think we can find Who was getting it. I don't know. Not, I don't know one person that was getting extra, something extra. I don't think, well, unless everybody was slurping on. Yeah. I mean, a a lot of people were slurping. Man, you, you look at, you look at what, so for example, there are all these humanitarian programs that we have where we send money for people, for medicine, for food. Oh yeah. Okay. But like you think, I think like what I thought before I got in the government, what the most Americans think is, okay, so we send a hundred thousand dollars to this group to buy food for like poor kids in Africa.


Okay. And what actually happens is it's not a hundred thousand dollars that go to the food for the poor kids in Africa. Right. That the NGO, the non-government organization that gets that money contracts it out to somebody else. Right? So there's A Middleman, there's subcontracted out to s a Middleman's, like Three or four middlemen and what, you know, Marco Rubio, who's a secretary of state, he is a very good friend. What he told me is that his best estimate after he had his team look at it, is that 88 cents of every dollar was actually being collected by middlemen. No way. So every dollar we were spending humanitarian assistance, 12 cents was actually making it to people who needed it. That's crazy. So there's a lot of waste, man. A lot of crazy stuff. So Elon was putting in a lot, was Elon doing it for free all that time?


He, I mean, he was doing it For free. Yeah, he was doing it for free. He was doing it for free. I mean, he doesn't need money. Right. That's the one thing Elon does not Right. Does not need's So was he ex I wonder if he was expecting anything from Trump and they just couldn't figure it out? I don't know. I'm just curious about it. You know, I, I, I'm kind of like, you start to see how all this stuff kind of works, you know, and just like, it's like, yeah. I like, I, I hear, I, I, I really do think he's disappointed about the bill. He's, you know, he disagrees with some of the things that we're in there. He's an emotional guy. Look, it happens to everybody. I've, I've flown off the handle way worse than Elon Musk did in the last 24 hours. Oh yeah. But you know, my hope is comes back, says, look, made some mistakes, Let's smooth It out. Didn't mean to say everything. Let's smooth it out and let's all be friends. Because again, like I care about the country and I think the country's better off if the under the president's leadership, Elon's helping us out as opposed to fighting the administration.


I don't want him to fight the administration. I know the president doesn't want that, but here we are. Yeah. He just tweeted a little bit ago that he felt like 80% of the, what was that? About a third party or something? He's tweeted like 300 Times. Oh, sorry. Nevermind. Okay. It's just, just a regular, a lot of tweets today. Just a regular day for Elon. So, yeah, he's obviously gone. I mean, he's definitely, he gets a bit rogue. Why don't we have end? Oh Wait, this is interesting. Go pull It up. Let's see it, lets take Gander. Let Post is from an account. You muted. I'm curious, who, who did you mute? Who is that guy? Is That yours? It's one of your producers, Ian.


Me, me. Mules. Chong. Oh, it's said Trump should be impeach and JD Venture should replace him. Dude, that's one vote. Oh my God. See, this is what I'm talking about. This stuff is just, What are you talking about campaigning? This, this stuff, this stuff is just not helpful again. Yeah. Oh, Twitter's definitely there's here, Here's, look, look, my first loyalties to my family, obviously to the Constitution, but politics is a place where people stab each other in the back. Yeah. And you can't get anything done unless you're all on the same team and you're actually committed to getting stuff done together. I just think like the idea that the president's, the president should be impeaches.


I'm sorry. It's insane. It's totally insane. The president is doing a good job and you can d look, you're free to disagree with him. Right? Everybody's a first Amendment right. Are you Free to disagree with Trump ever? Do you feel like you can Yeah, absolute. Of course, of course. I mean, the, the, the way that I put it is if I have a disagreement with the president, then it is my job, obviously to provide the president, honest counsel. Like, he doesn't need me to be a doormat. He needs me to actually say what I think about an issue. But when the president makes a decision, man, he's the general. And when the general makes a decision, everybody's go, gotta go and execute that order. Wow. And that's kind of how I think about my job, right? Really is to be a good ally and a good friend. Provide honest counsel to the president.


But also when a decision's made you go out and get it done, Does he listen to many people or does he listen to just one or two? He listens to a ton of people. It's one of the more interesting things about his, his leadership style is if he's got a big decision to make, he talks to everybody. Got it. And I think it's why he is like in touch with normal people is because he doesn't just talk to like congressmen or people with a lot of money. He tries to talk to everybody. Like I've seen him ask the gardener at Mar-a-Lago what he thinks about a particular issue. I've seen him ask, you know, the people who work in the kitchen at the White House, what they think about an issue. He's constantly trying to understand what other people are thinking. Oh, I Saw him ask a Scottish Terrier, what kind of cakes they like, you know? So yeah, I agree with you.


He's definitely always absorbing kind of information. He is. Yeah.


Nobody needs help spending money. Sometimes it feels like the whole world is trying to spend your money. Your whole social media feed is full of ads. Your mailbox is full of credit card offers, and then there's all the hidden fees and extra costs and rising prices and blah, blah, blah. That's why there's Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to feel like financial wellness is impossible. Acorns gives you small, simple steps to get you and your money on track. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals, and you just need to stick with it. And Acorns makes that easy too. Acorns automatically invest your money, giving it a chance to grow with time. I recently got Acorns accounts set up for my nieces and nephews to help them learn about financial wellness. I think it's important, sign up now and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. Yikes. With Acorns Plus, acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available at any time@acorns.com slash TE. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/t. To get your $20 bonus investment today paid on client endorsement compensation provides incentive positively promote Acorns tier four compensation provided, investing false risk. Acorn advisors, LLL C and SE registered investment advisor. View important acorns.com/go.


Man. You know, it's pretty obvious that the mainstream media is a big machine, right? They kind of contour, they team up. They have a strategy. So we're never really seeing the whole picture when it comes to news. That's why I love Ground News. It lets you see how different news outlets cover the same story left, right, and center. Yeah. I was on Ground News this morning, and it shows on the, if you look at the left regarding the Musk Trump feud, it says Musk hits back with Epstein theories, Trump hits back with threats. Elon has gone crazy. And then we go to a more centrist newsfeed and it says, Trump Musk feud explodes with threats of cutting contracts, backing impeachment. And here we are with a right-leaning from the Daily Wire White House responds to Elon Musk. Epstein claims an unfortunate episode from Elon. And I think you should go check this out yourself, because I don't think we've ever seen anything like it. I think it's actually the only of its kind and I think it's what we've all been wanting. Just go to Ground News dot com slash theo, that's G-R-O-U-N-D-N-E-W s.com/ TE to get 40% off the Vantage plan and get access to the mobile app website and exclusive newsletters. Wow. One more time. Ground News dot com slash TH.


We, we, you talked about the bill, the Big Beautiful Bill, you know, which is like kinda the most perf it's the most Trumpian name you could ever have. It is the Big Beautiful Bill. And why do, why are, why are these bills this whole mess of shit? Why is it a gumbo? Why isn't it just one fine soup each time and you vote on each certain thing? I know that's definitely gonna be a novice question, but No, man, it's a fair question. I I think there are a couple, excuse me. It depends on the kind of, the Celsius is, it's got a lot of caffeine in it, man. Jeez Dude. Dude, are you talking, I'm getting amped over here. What are you talking about? Yeah, that's what FDR R was on. That's why he left his wife. That thing will, that thing will definitely, Oh, that Thing will remodel.


FDR loves Celsius, as everybody knows. His favorite beverage was was, what is this here? Sparkling orange Celsius. And that is the most FDR flavor too, to be honest. Oh man. Okay. Maybe what kind of, sorry, what did you ask me? Okay, the big, the big bill. Okay. I thought We were supposed to be reading the Bible. Yeah. Yeah. What is this even about? All right. The bills. Okay. But the bill, why is it so the big, okay. Because it's always, you always hear every, every congressman or senator, not everyone. Yeah. But sometimes you hear like, I just got it. I don't know what ha Yeah. I couldn't read a thousand pages last night. You know? Yeah. So There are different kinds of bills. Okay. And I think, so there are things called omnibuses.


And omnibuses are like a million different things shoved into one bill. And oftentimes you don't have time to read 'em. The, the house, the House of Representatives actually adopted a rule to where they have to get, I think at least four days to actually read it, to, to change this because people weren't getting time to, to read this stuff before it got voted on this particular bill. The way to think about, it's basically, if you look, look at a campaign speech I gave back in September of 2024. And I said, we're gonna cut taxes on tips. We're gonna have no taxes on overtime. We're gonna cut taxes on social security. You know, we're gonna secure the border. We're gonna build more border wall, we're gonna hire more border patrol agents. Like all that stuff, all of those promises are in this bill.


Okay. So, like the way this particular piece of legislation was conceptualized is, rather than, than take up floor time on a bunch of random different stuff, why don't we just do everything, or at least most of the things that we campaigned on that can be done through legislation and put it into this bill. Now that's not saying that there aren't sometimes massive bills that are ridiculous and don't make a ton of sense. There are, but I, I think this bill, like, you know, there's a, there's a political answer to your question too. Okay. So let's just say, I'm not gonna name names, I don't wanna embarrass anybody. Let's say you've got some Republican congressmen who really love no taxes on tips, but they're a little squishy on the border stuff. They don't agree with what we're doing on the border.


Okay? Let's say you got somebody who really loves what we're doing on the border, but they don't necessarily, like, you know, they don't wanna cut taxes for one reason or another. Right? I, I if, if, if you take enough of this stuff of our promises again and put it together, you say, look, even if you disagree with parts of it, this is what we campaigned on writ large. And so we gotta vote on this thing and make it happen. Sorry, there's a final answer to this question, which is, is, is stupid and parliamentary, but it matters. It's actually the most important answer is, okay, any bill that you do takes, you gotta put it on the floor and you gotta give people enough time to read it and you gotta amend it. And then you gotta do committee process. And there's like a constant stream of things. There's a big process for it.


And so if you went through that process for each individual item as on a separate bill cost prohibitive, it would take over a year to do all these bills. Mm. But we gotta, like, we gotta prevent taxes from going up and we don't have that much time to do it. We gotta secure the border. We don't have that much time to do it. We've gotta do the, the no tax on social security. Like if, if, if we did that 18 months from now in a smaller bill, then we would not be keeping our promises to the American people. I see. Is there a way that they can just prioritize those? I wonder. It just feels like it would make, it would be so much easier to digest as a regular person. Yeah. If you weren't thinking like, well, heck, my guy's gotta stay up all night for 600 nights to get all this information in, you know, and to get it in accurately and then to make fair choices On it.


Yeah. I mean, I I think the answer to your question is, is you could do that, but Congress would have to change its procedures. And could, could Congress do that if they voted to do it? They could. They could. They could. Okay. But they, They, they would need to change their procedures and you know, the president i's attitude is like, we're not gonna, we're gonna tell you how to run Congress. Right. We're working within the constraints that we have understood. And we're just trying to get as much done. And look, I mean, people are frustrated with Congress. I get it. People are frustrated with certain things that Congress does. I agree with a lot of those criticisms. I mean, we do spend way too much money in this country. Like, it, it is a reality that we spend too much money. But I, I don't think those criticisms apply to this particular legislation. Like one thing I'd I'd ask everybody to say is, okay, so, so big ugly spending Bill, some people are calling it, what is the spending that is done here?


The biggest single budgetary item, Theo, in this bill is the money to secure the border. Like, that's not ugly spending. That's like the best kind of spending. Well, That's a great kind of spending, I think. Well, no, I agree with that. Look, we've had two border officials on over the past four years, and we've learned about, about all the, just the infrastructure issues that they face. We've learned about the fact that the executive branch doesn't process any of the, like they'll apprehend the guys, but then they're not processed. I think it's the executive branch, but Yes. 'cause we don't have the money to do it like that. That's okay. Here's, But they were saying for years guys would come in and they'd have to catch 'em every other week because Yes, they would. And nobody's would prosecute. We don't have, so it was just then it made them feel like they didn't have any value.


I know that we're signing like 5,000 new people to work at the border. Yeah, exactly. So I know that we're giving a lot of new jobs over there. That's what we're trying to do, right? Is create enough resources so that you can actually do all the border enforcement that we promised and like the, the, the, the part that the president got immediate action on, if you think about this, we came in the president empowered border patrol to stop letting people come across the border illegally. That stopped pretty much immediately. You got like a 96% drop in border crossings immediately. Yeah. The thing is though, is you got 21 million people in here illegally. You gotta send 'em home. You gotta process 'em. You gotta actually, sometimes some of these people, you know, are entitled to some kind of trial for one, one reason or another. So you've gotta like do that.


That stuff all costs money. And that's where we don't have money to do it Right now. So that's why this bill's necessary. Did who was that? They just said that to. Did Congress have enough time to read this bill Thomas, rep Thomas Massey said the house has a 72 hour rule, which requires the bill to be posted 72 hours before passage. What does that even mean? Yeah, that's, That's, I'd never heard that before. And look, I mean, Thomas Massey and I get along, but my, my understanding is that the bill text was, people have had literally weeks to pass it or to read it. And, and the reason, okay, here's the criticism I'd give of what Thomas Massey's saying right here is what's gonna happen is the Senate has to vote on this bill and then it has to go back to the house.


And it may change like 1%. Like the, the Senate may change a sentence or a paragraph here or there, but it's gonna fundamentally be the same bill. So the idea that people haven't had an opportunity to actually read it is ridiculous. They're in fact gonna have to vote on it again before it even becomes law. So They'll have more time. They'll have more time. Got it. Like by necessity, by law, they have to Understood part of the bill. I know that people are, that's getting a lot of attention, right? Yeah. Is, and I do wanna say like, I recognize that like when you get into a place, you can't just get what you want. Right. There's a lot of people in that place and everybody wants certain things there. There's a give and take. That's why I'd say it's good, not perfect. Yeah. There are criticisms to make of it. Yeah. There's a give and take dude. You know? Yeah, that's right. You can, yeah.


It's like getting in-laws or whatever. That's right. Any good marriage has give or take any good relationship has give or take. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Oh yeah, For sure. You know, you got, you gotta compromise a little bit. You gotta accept some things you might not love. That's just, that's the nature of the beast. Part of the bill that people are talking about is there's like the AI stuff, right? Like the government. Yeah. Like there's a ban is that we're gonna spend a lot of money with ai, like in order to advance, like bring our government at technologies up to code. Really? Yeah, I know what you're talking About. Yeah. And then also it says in there that there's a ban that at state levels they couldn't prosecute some of these AI companies.


Yeah. Right. So yeah, that sounds really sketchy. Like it I know what you're talking about. Yeah. And this is in U S A T. I'll just read it. Go ahead. The ban is tucked into a section of the bill that would allocate 500 million over the next 10 years to modernize government systems with the help of AI and automation technologies. The ban would not only prevent new state led regulations of ai, but would also block dozens of states from enforcing preexisting AI regulations and oversight structures. Yeah. It feels scary. Yeah. So let me, lemme say a couple things about this. So I actually was talking to a couple of senators on the way down here about this because they really hate this provision. And they actually, both that we, we brought 'em on because it's, it's Bill Haggerty and Marsha Blackburn, great people.


They represent the state of Tennessee. So they ha they don't like this provision. And they, they brought up a really interesting point. It's because, so Tennessee obviously has a lot of musicians, right? And Tennessee wants to protect those musicians from having basically AI steal the, the production of their artists, right? Because one of the big problems with ai right, is you're gonna take, be able to take somebody's voice and then like, you know, Taylor Swift's voice or you know, and anybody else's voice and, and basically say, oh, okay, well based on this one song that, you know, Robert Plant did 35 years ago, we're gonna like, make a whole new Led Zeppelin song using artificial intelligence, right?


And they wanna protect people from that kind of thing happening. So that's a totally reasonable point. To me, the reason that provision is in there is because you think about, like, think about how like woke the Google searches got, remember when you like search, what does George Washington look like? And it show you like a picture of a black dude. Oh yeah. And, and, and like, or Like a little Japanese George Washington or something. So, So the idea is you use, you basically have a federal regulation that prevents a federal regulation that prevents, like California from having a super progressive set of regulations on artificial intelligence. Okay. Right. That, that's the argument for it.


The argument against it is that if the Feds aren't protecting artists, then you're not gonna be able to protect artists either. Okay. And so, I, I honestly, I don't think the provision, to be honest with you, I don't think that's gonna make it in the final bill, but I usually have a pretty strong view on most things. I could kind of go both ways on this. 'cause I don't want California's progressive regulations to control artificial intelligence. Yeah. I also agree with Marsh and Bill that you wanna protect, you know, country artists in Nashville from having their crap stolen by ai. Like, I get that. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. I mean, that kind of stuff. It's like, 'cause they, they made a bunch of little babies of all the, like, a lot of podcasters and now they're doing it with everybody. Like they got dang, you know, Aaron Rogers baby, they got left eye from that Milli Vanilli woman or whatever.


They have everybody in there. And so, but a lot Milli Vanilli man. Too soon too. Oh, I'm still, dude, I'm a Milli Vanilli truther by the way. Really? Yeah, man. Oh, I think it was really them. I just think they were taken advantage of by Thank you. Thank you dude. You know, there's like seven of us left, don't you? Oh man. And that was a catchy song. I, so I was born in 1984. That's one of the first songs I remember like playing in a radio. Blame Me. Oh, do you remember that song? I'm the One who Wants to with, I do Remember That song with you. That was like mid nineties, right? I don't know. It was good though. I'm trying to think of what, I'm trying to think of the band. I think it was kind of a one hit wonder, Mr.


Big. That was Mr. Big. Okay. That's kind of one hit wonder, right? Yeah. Oh yeah, they were. Yeah. That's too bad. God. They were good. Dude, that was a good song. Remember the first song you ever heard? I'm pretty sure the first song I ever heard was Layla by Eric Clapton. The, the original one, not the acoustic one. Dude, my buddy, I used to live with my buddy's dad, right? 'cause he was getting, I had like erectile dysfunction. So I was pretty young. And then I was living with him 'cause he was getting like a early script on what? On pill ed pills or whatever, you know, wiener pills. And so I stayed over there and I, I cop a little bit off of his, but anyway, he used to hook up with this lady and I was learning the guitar. He made me go play Layla.


No tears. Heaven All Tears in Heaven. Oh man, that's a sad, you know, that's about his son Diane. And it was the only song I knew. And they like, play it again. Oh my God. See, this is one of those things where I hope to God you're joking because if you're living in Sue's house, how old were you at the time? Oh, I'd probably 27. Okay. So 27 stealing ed pills. Playing tears in heaven. That's a bad situation. You gotta get outta that situation, man. I'm gonna assume that you're joking because I don't wanna have nightmares about this brother about this later on. What do you mean? Okay. Okay. It's the healthcare system. We have the Healthcare system. Alright, so on the way over Now, I'm just joking. That is a true story though. I hear you On the way down here. On the way down here, there's like an advertisement for some like med pack.


It was, it was on, it was a TV commercial. And I don't really watch like normal tv, so I don't see commercials that often anymore. But it's like med pack and it's like, order this thing and it costs $45 and it has these different drugs in it. And I, I only saw it briefly, but I could have sworn that two of the medications in this MedPAC were, and it's, it's advertised as like an emergency medicine are ivermectin and Ozempic. And I'm like thinking to myself, what is the situation where you need emergency ozempic? So like the, the, the second half of the flight down here, I'm thinking to myself, what is the emergency ozempic situation? And then I thought like, you know, if you have a Dahmer party situation Yeah.


And it's like, all right, you know, we, we gotta we gotta suppress our appetites. But I, I don't know, but may maybe it was just ivermectin. Maybe it was an, it wasn't ozempic. I don, but that's, see stuff like that is kind of crazy to me. Well now they're combining. It's just everything is combined now. You know, they even put, I think it's pizza Hu and Baskin Robbins are together now. It's like, everything I think is mixed now. But yet That kind of makes, that kind of makes sense though. Yeah, it Kind of does. You're Right. Some pizza and then some ice cream. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. You're right. So what I never understood was like, what Was it, ivermectin, Taco Bell and KFC. Yeah. It's, What Is that? It's one of the other that's Called indigestion. Right? That is the only way that combination Makes it.


It should be one or the other. It should be One or the other. You do not need, if you're going to Taco Bell and KFC in the same stop, you got serious problems. Did you, let me think about something that's important. JD are, people are not even gonna believe that we spent time together. Oh my God. This is fun though, man. This is good. Huh? It's good to, It is good man. Dude, I just can't, I just can't even believe that that's your life. Is it what you thought it would be? Is it different once you got in? There are things that different. It's about what I thought it would be. I mean, I at this point, right? I I I know the president pretty well and you, you know, I knew that he would, I knew he a lot of trust in me. And again, the, the role of the vice president is very derivative of what the president is doing. So if the president has trust in you, if he gives you a task right?


And just lets you go and do it. That's, that's kind of what your, that's kind of what your job is. And it's been a lot of fun. Like, I've traveled all over the world. I think we've done a lot of good work for the American people, which of course is the most important, most important part. I mean, there, there are little things that I, you know, will take some time getting used to. So like, we got three little kids. Our son just turned eight yesterday actually. And then we have a 5-year-old son and a 3-year-old baby girl. And our 8-year-old son is, he's a little bit of an introvert, I think. And so he doesn't love the attention. Oh. But then our like five-year-old son is, is a little bit more like me. So he'll like roll off the airplane waving, saying hello to everybody and having secret service around is, is kind of a crazy experience.


Yeah. Like, they're all good dudes and I love him. But it's also kind of unusual to like, just walk outside your house and there's always somebody, you know, walking with you. That's kinda weird. Oh, definitely. I think it, I mean We, we went back to go chat for, you know, like five minutes just before this thing started. And, you know, I was like, don't worry guys. Theo doesn't have a gun. Yeah. He's like, I hope You don't. No, they checked Me. So we're in deep shit, man. They checked me, somebody kissed me on the way and I was like, that's part of it. One of the secret services. No, I'm joking. But I was like, what's your secret buddy? Huh? You know. Oh, that's Milli Vanilli right there. His babies right there using that ai. Oh My God. Wait, they had, those are Grammys, right? I didn't know. Oh, they took their Grammys away.


Well, didn't one of them, They took their Grammys away. Didn't one of them commit suicide? It's a kind of a sad story actually. Yeah. And one of 'em died a couple years ago. I met one of them one night, I think, ah, maybe I didn't, I was out late one night. I'll say that. I Sorry. That's a crazy, what are we talking about? Let's talk about, Let's could have been Milli Vanilli, could have been my uncle. Who knows. Who am I to say I don know. I didn't, I'll just say I met one of Freddy's buddies, one of Frederick's buddies out there. I'll say this man Right now, sir. I will say it. So people have to like, we all need like help when, whenever we're like and when you're politician, right? Like, you need help, you need support. Yeah. You have sponsors and stuff, right?


Correct. There's a lot of speculation and talk like, one of your primary sponsors was a is a guy Peter Thiel, right? Yeah. And he's in the tech world. Yeah. And I never met him, you know? Sure. But you know, there's a, like a lot of these tech kind of lords like they, you know, technology's grown so much Yes. In the past 20 years that it, it controls a lot of our environment and our life. Right? It does. What do you owe somebody if you do, like, if you get into office, if somebody like donates a lot of money on your campaign, like how does that relationship work after that? I think the attitude is You don't owe anything. And I think if the, if you take the attitude, if you owe somebody something, then you're fundamentally not gonna do the job that you, you were meant to do.


I mean, this, this is always, this is tough, right? Because so, so take my, my Senate raise. First time I ever ran for, for office was 22. 2022. I, I, I ran for the Ohio Senate race. I won. You did that race? Yeah. Fuck yeah. Thank you. That's good. Yeah. If I hadn't won, I wouldn't be sitting here. Oh, okay. Yeah. No Idea. Because then I became the vice president. I, I, so, I, I, so I basically won, I've run two campaigns in my life. The first one, the Senate campaign cost $45 million. The second one presidential campaign. I think that we spent like $1.2 billion. Okay. So it costs a lot of money. Well, the President obviously is the leader Campaign, but the total Campaign. The total campaign. Got it.


So it costs a lot of money to run for office. Yeah. And you gotta go and raise money. Yeah. But I think that if your attitude is I owe something, these people gave me money, then you're gonna end up being corrupted. And you've gotta kind of take the attitude of they're supporting me because they agree with me. And obviously like you have conversations with 'em. Like you mentioned Peter Thiel, I see a lot of crazy stuff on the internet about, about Peter Thiel. Like, you know, he's always been a friend of mine. He's always been one of the smartest people I've ever met. Really? Just a very, just a very thoughtful dude. But he's, he's literally never asked me once for anything. So, So he just believed in you? He Believed in me. He agreed with me on a lot of issues. I mean, he, he definitely has like said, Hey, I don't agree with you on this, but he is never said, I don't agree with you on this, therefore you should vote differently.


Right. Or act differently. But it, it's like, to be honest with you, it's one of the risks of our system now, if you think about it, right? Because if you are a super ambitious dude or girl and you really wanna run for office, like, you gotta be able to separate yourself from that donor pressure. And think about it, like, if you're going to a fundraiser, okay, everybody's gonna go to fundraisers in politics. Well, that's like an hour and a half. You're not spending talking to the people you represent. Mm. Right? So there, there is one of the problems in our system is the people spend so much time raising money. I think sometimes, not all cases, but sometimes it can have a corrupting influence on the process. Now, I I was talking to a buddy of mine actually about this because his argument is Yeah, he's like a political consultant.


He's a political hack. But a good dude, he said, he said, he said, our system is better though. 'cause in some places they have publicly financed campaigns. And he is like, the problem with places where they have public, publicly financed campaigns is that all, all of the control in the political system is with the media. Because like, if you, if you raise money, most of what you're spending your money on is tv, radio advertisements. It's reaching voters. So if you can't reach voters with TV advertisements and you gotta go on the, like, the corporate media to get your message out there, that's even worse. Right. So I, I kind of see both sides of it. I just think as a practical matter, what I try to do is remember that, you know, it's, it's an honor to serve, but it's also a sacrifice to serve.


And if people are gonna write me a check, great. But I don't owe anything. Hmm. That's, that's the attitude I try to have. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it just, it's interesting because I mean, we all have people that help us do certain things or are supportive. And then you get in spots where you're like, you know, I, like, I used to live with a family when I was growing up, and there's always been this thing of like, what do I owe them? You know, not that they've ever said I owed them anything, of course. But it's like, you know, there's always this feeling inside of you, you know, of like, yeah. And so I'm sure a lot of people can relate to things like that. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Masa Chips. It's time to get those processed seed oils out of our lives. And Masa Chips is at the forefront. Did you know all chips and fries used to be cooked in Tallow up until the 1990s when big corporations switched to cheap processed seed oils. Masa decided to do something about it. They created a tasty and delicious, delicious tortilla chip with just three ingredients and no seed oils. These chips don't only avoid all the bad stuff. They taste great too. I've, I got about four or five flavors here at the house, and I think Banro is one of 'em. And I'm digging 'em, baby. And they don't break. That's what I like. These chips are sturdy, baby. They don't crack off. And you guac and get the job half done, baby. These things are, they're not just a worker. They're a dang contractor. These things will get that guac to your face. Masa Chips is beloved by tens of thousands of customers and has been endorsed by the industry leading health and nutrition experts like Ben Greenfield and Gary Breca. Ready to give Masa a try. Go to Masa Chips dot com slash t Theo, use code Theo for 25% off your first order. Bang. That's some chips. That's MA s a chips.com/ TN. Theo code theo, for 25% off your first order. I really enjoy 'em. I'm curious to see what you think.


It's time to have better sex. Yep. With BLUECHEW, BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets Yum. For better sex. And starting now, BLUECHEW is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off and your neighbor's socks off. You'll have to all buy new socks. BLUECHEW Max has arrived and it combines the active ingredients of Viagra and Sali into one chew bowl. This combo acts fast and lasts. So guys, be ready when she needs it and get your first month of BlueChew free. Yep. Everyone could use an extra hand with BlueChew. You've got an extra leg. More horsepower. Nuff said, make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try your first month of BLUECHEW free when you use promo code THEO, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code theo Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


Well, recently they have like, there's a lot of, like Trump picked out that the, there's the Palantir company, right? Yeah. Yeah. And that's about a surveillance thing. So this thing is fucked. This sounds crazy, dude. Like, this sounds like we're only gonna be human for like two more years, right? So they, and this is the Palantir company where they're gonna build security databases that have all of our information in 'em, right? That's what they're saying. That's What they're saying. Yeah. And It's gonna have like everything, it'll like look at you and know, like if you're good at tennis or if you've ever, you know, if you have, like, if you have $60 in your pocket or if you're, you know, it can tell if your kids are, you know, if your kids can have a limp or whatever, they'll be in the Christmas play.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It can tell all of that. And then, and that feels real scary, man. Like to, I get it. I to a regular down the street that feels like we're gonna give our, our society like, like we're gonna become these, like, they're gonna have every know everything about us. It makes you feel like you won't be a person anymore. I hear you. Does that make sense to You? I it de it definitely makes sense to me. I mean, let, let me try to explain. So to be clear, I'm not an expert on this particular deal. I actually just read about it earlier today or maybe yesterday. But the president did an executive order, I don't know, a couple months ago. And the basic idea is you've got all this different information, but it's not accessible in one place.


So like, let me an example where this might be useful. Okay, let's say you catch an illegal, IM immigrant, okay. And that person's using a social security number, but the Department of Homeland Security that arrests the person can't actually figure out what social security number that illegal immigrant is, what name it's attached to. Okay. Or, you know, let's say you're like investigating some terrorist and the FBI arrest the person, but you know, there are information about like where the person lived a couple years ago that you'd like to have, so you'd maybe like to go, you know, talk to their friends or associates or whatever. Yeah. But my understanding is that it does sound odd, but that what they're trying to do is take all the information that the Department of Homeland Security has that the FBI has and just make it so that it's actually not in some hyper inefficient system.


It's all sort of accessible. And here's the thing, modern technology is just crazy and weird and it affects our privacy. And I, I think we don't have to think that's a good thing. It is like a reality of the world that we live in. Right. Sometimes I get a little romantic about things. Well, I Mean, look, And I think it's gonna go back in time. I mean, Look, everybody, I kind of agree with you. I think, I think people are sort of gonna rebel against technology a little bit in some ways. They already are. But I mean, look, dude, if I, I, if I, this has happened to me so many times where I'm talking to my wife like, oh, what are we gonna make for dinner for the kids tonight? Oh, let's just like do Door DoorDash or GrubHub and then you go on like X or you go on, you know, Facebook or Instagram and there's like an advertisement for a DoorDash coupon and it's like, well, I was just talking about this 10 minutes ago.


So we know that big technology spies on us and harvest our data. I honestly worry more about that than about like connecting the DHS system to the FBI System. So that's all that this Palantir deal is part, like, a lot of that is just, it's just connecting information. My, my, So I'm hardly an expert, but that is my, my understanding is that it's just taking, okay, DHS has information. FBI has information, secretary of the Treasury has information and making it possible for that information to be searched Yeah. By whoever is looking for it. Oh, That's my understanding. Yeah. And I, and I, but again, like I hear that same, that story and my reaction is the same, which is, oh, I don't like the government having my information.


The reality is the government already has my information. And more importantly, some of these private technology companies have way more information on me than the government does. Oh Yeah. I mean, anywhere you shop has unbelievable information on you. I mean, let me tell you like Crazy. Yeah. Dude, blockbuster, two days ago Blockbuster was like, happy birthday. They were wrong. So I I I gotta, I gotta, It's like who You're out of business. There's a, there's a, yeah, when Was the last time you were a blockbuster? I Dunno. But some guy somewhere probably in another country. Nepal, you and FDR sitting somewhere. You An FDR R took your Celsius and went down a blockbuster to get some, get some VHS rentals.


Okay. Little bit of Boogie. So Little Boogie Nights. But a That that's, that was F d's favorite movies. That makes sense. So, alright. What were we talking about? Technology? I don Okay, so I was, okay. I I was getting a brief. So, Because that's what people were scared When I first became about No, no. They, they, they are. And I, I get it and look like all, all I'll tell you is we tried to be as, Oh my God. Oh yeah. I did go to the last Blockbuster. I forgot about that Bend. Was that Oregon Old that, is that 14 years ago? That No, that's freaking two years ago, dude. Oh, I didn't realize. Blockbuster still ago. Max lived out there. You got stuck in the snow out there. Yeah. So, so, so I got a brief from my national security guy.


I gotta make sure I can, it's not classified information. Okay. No, it's not classified information. Okay. Basically, long story short, one of the guys who works in the national security team of the Trump administration gave me this brief about how, okay, when you're using an iPad and let's say, you know, you're reading a story from some random newspaper and you hover on a particular paragraph, like your iPad is collecting information on you, God, like it's actually trying to track what you're doing. Like that is the stuff that really freaks me out. Well, How do we stop that? I think it freaks everybody out. I think it just makes people sick. It's like you don't even feel like you exist for any purpose anymore other than to be advertised to or to be, I don't even know anything else sometimes.


Yeah. Well you think about it, like our, think about a hundred years ago, 50 years ago, the most brilliant scientists in the world, they're trying to figure out nuclear energy. They're trying to fi figure out how to cure cancer. Now, way too many of 'em are figuring out like, how do I get a person to linger on a digital advertisement for a little bit longer so that we can increase the price of the ad that we sell 'em by three pennies. Yeah. Like I, There's something I think very that warps our entire economy about the digital advertisement world because too many smart people are focused on getting us addicted to these applications. Yeah. And I mean, what do we do about it? I, I mean, one thing is is from a policy perspective, we've already looked into a lot of things we can do on data privacy and protection.


So we're trying to make it harder for these firms to collect information on you. Well, it feels like with this, with Palantir, it's like they're gonna collect all the information though. So that feels like Yeah, I, yeah. I mean, look, my understanding again, so this is full disclosure because I, I, is There somebody else more Value you think? I think it's important. I think it's important to be open. So, so Palantir, you asked about Peter Thiel. Palantir is actually one of the companies that he invested in, right? So, you Know, oh, he doesn't Run it. I mean full, he, my understanding is he doesn't run it, but I don't believe that Palantir is collecting any information. I believe it's purely building a database that's sort of combining the information is that I might have some of my team that you guys can, is that right? Is that accurate? Okay, Cool.


No, I'm glad. Yeah, because yeah, we're just trying to figure it out. And I think, I mean, Right now I think Palantir has like, you know, there's a lot of conflict Right now in Gaza. You know, everybody knows about that Of course. And Palantir has like, been accused of being like complicit in a lot of the violence over there. And so I think that's where it gets really scary for like regular person on the street. I'm like, well, if this is the company, you know, 'cause you see videos of like horrific stuff online. Sure. Very sad stuff. Very sad stuff. And, and you're like, well, if this is the company we're hiring, how do I know that I might not be walking down the street and just a sniper bullet could hit me from them, you know, Man. So that, that Is, to be really honest with You.


Yeah, no, I, I hear what you're saying and I, I think the answer to that question is the only real protection that we have against that is that we've gotta, you know, elect the right people and we've gotta make sure that our government doesn't do crazy stuff. 'cause I mean, look, any of these information can be misused. Like your go, our government has your social security number. Okay. Yeah. Using that information, the government could spy on you. The government could give your information over to an illegal alien to start a fake account in your name. And that, by the way, happens, I had a friend of mine who had an illegal alien steal his social security number. And when he went to the IRS to complain about it, they, they wouldn't give him him information on The Person, on the person who was stealing his stuff.


And by the way, that that's, that's what we're trying to do, is make it show the IRS can talk to the Department of Homeland Security. But the only real protection against this stuff, I think is to have a government that actually protects the rights of its citizens. And, you know, I I if, I mean, we should all be worried about our privacy being invaded by the government by, I think we should be as just as worried about private corporations as we should be the government. I think, you know, for sure everybody could invade our privacy. But I, I don't, lemme put this away, I don't think that the, the solution to that problem is to like, pretend that the government doesn't already have this information. It just does. Right. You gotta make sure it doesn't misuse it. Got it. And that's, that's my view at least is we gotta live in reality and the government's already got this information, we just need to make sure they don't misuse it.


And on and on. Like, like the Gaza thing, just sort of, you know, chat about that for a little bit. I mean, I'm, I'm like a human being. So I look at this stuff, I see these videos, I see the pictures, and it's very heartbreaking. And, you know, just since you brought it up, like what, what we're trying to do here is try to solve two problems here. Okay? So on the one hand you've got innocent people, innocent Palestinians and innocent Israeli hostages by the way, who are like caught up in this terrible violence that's happening as we speak. Okay. And we're trying to get as much aid and as much support into people as humanly possible. That's like one thing that's going on the other side is Israel's attacked by this terrible terrorist organization.


I think people sometimes forget that, right? They forget, like, the thing that kicked this off is that we had this terrible terrorist attack and you had a lot of innocent Israeli civilians die in that terrorist attack. And so I I, I think what we're trying to do in the Trump administration with that situation is to get to a peaceful resolution. And I think the peaceful resolution looks something like this. You've gotta give Israel confidence that Hamas is never gonna attack them and kill a bunch of civilians. And then you've gotta get as much aid and support into these innocent Palestinians as possible. 'cause in some ways they're caught in the middle of this thing too. One, one thing that I like, I, I don't love about the whole Israel Palestinian debate is I think it kind of degrades our humanity a little bit.


Because I've seen people on the left, mostly on the left who will say, well, you know, they'll completely ignore that Israel, like all these innocent Israelis were killed in this terrorist attack. And you have some people usually on the right who will completely ignore that There are like kids who are caught up in this violence. And I think it's why the president has been, you know, I call him the president of peace. It's why he cares about solving this problem. Because the longer this goes on, the more suffering, the more death. So we're trying to solve it as much as we can. It's not easy. Do You have a say in it? Yeah, of course. I mean, well the president's of obviously the person makes the final decision all the time. But yeah, I mean we, we, we certainly, I think I'm, I'm one of the, the, the few people that he's talking to constantly, we're constantly, you know, we're talking to the Israeli government, we're talking to people in the Arab world.


We're talking to people in Palestinian Territories. Like we're constantly engaging in diplomacy. I mean, one of the crazy things, dude, is this guy is a very dear friend of the presidents. He's our special envoy of the Middle East. Steve Woff. He's a Jewish guy, very pro-Israel. He's done more to try to bring this conflict to a close than anybody. And you sometimes have people who say that they're pro-Israel who attacks Steve for not being pro-Israel enough. And I think it's totally bogus. Like I see this guy operate every single day. He actually is like, he is, he, he's the Jewish guy who believes in, in, in the purpose of the state of Israel. He also is a guy with a heart who's trying to prevent the killing.


Yeah. And I, I I, I think there's just like, when I talk about we, this whole debate has caused us to lose our humanity. I think of the people who are constantly going after Steve, because this is a guy, he's a father. He lost one of his own children because of a, because of an overdose. And he just, he, he loves people. He believes in the value of human life and he's doing a really good job and he's one of the, the important people in the presidency or two. Yeah, it seems like I I I've, I've heard of Mr. Woff, but I never met him, but I'm good dude. Yeah, you should have him. I think some the, I think the tough thing just as a regular person, right? It's like we're seeing all these videos of people like picking up pieces of their children and like of course it's, it's the, it's the sickest thing. I think it's ever been televised, basically.


If you consider watching something on your phone being televised, it's very sad, man. It's a mass, it feels like a massacre. And it feels like, you know, I've called it a genocide. Other people have different thoughts about it, and that's fine. Right? And I don't need anybody to share the same thoughts or you two. But I think where it gets scary is that we give, you know, we're complicit in it. 'cause we help fund like military stuff, you know, and that's where it's like a regular guy. You're like, well, I'm paying these taxes and they're going towards this. Like, but you can't do anything. You know, like you can, you can, you can talk, you know, but it's like you can't, I don't understand how it becomes like tough for people. Like sometimes it feels like we look out for the interests of Israel before we look out for the interests of America.


So let me say a couple things. So, so number one, like I think you're a great dude, so would almost have to agree on everything. Do I think Totally. Do, do I do I think it's a genocide? No. And here's, here's the reason why I don't think it's a genocide because I don't think that the Israelis are purposely trying to go in and murder every Palestinian. I don't think that's what they're doing. I think they got hit hard and I think they're, they're, they're trying to like, you know, sort of destroy this terrorist organization and war as hell. And, and that is true. I also think it's true, man. I mean, I've seen people on my side of the political aisle. I'm a Republican, you know that. But your audience may not, who like will see these videos of these innocent Palestinian kids and say, oh, well they had it coming to 'em.


No, no, no, no, no, no. Like if, if, if you have a soul, your heart should break when you see a little kid. Yeah. Who's, who's suffering. Which is why we have the policy that we have, which is we're trying to stop, eliminate the conflict, eliminate the source of the conflict so that we can actually bring some peace and some, some humanitarian assistance into people. And that's, that's, that's my basic view. And you know, the president's interesting. He's, he's a very, he, he, he's a pro-Israel guy. Yeah. And he, he also recognizes that to bring any conflict to a close, you've gotta talk to everybody. Yeah. And so he, I mean, we've been attacked. I've been attacked, the president's been attacked for being too interested in diplomacy. And you ask like, what can I do?


I think that what people should demand is that if our tax dollars are going to something, we should be actively trying to fix it. Okay. That's, that's kinda the way that I think about it. Mm. And what happened with the Biden administration, man, it's crazy. They were spending so much money all over the world. They weren't engaged in diplomacy at all. So they'd sent, I mean, we submit $300 billion to Ukraine, for example. And you never had the president of the United States actually trying to force a diplomatic settlement. I mean, you talk about bodies all over the ground. Dude, the Russia, Ukraine thing is the most vicious. We see satellite images, we see classified images, man. Yeah. We're trying to have it, it is vicious. And again, it's, I I I I, I will, I will hear people who will say, well, you know, you know, there again, mostly on our side, we'll say all these, you know, the Russians got killed.


That's a good thing. Look, I'm not defending, I'm the invasion. I'm not defending starting a war. But when human beings are getting blown to bits, your heart should feel sad about that. Yeah. And you should try to do something to fix it. And that's what we're trying to do. And we get crap for it. But again, that, that, that's like the part that makes me feel the best about my job is whether it's in Israel or Russia, Ukraine, like, we're actually trying to bring this stuff to some settlement and to some close. And if we do, we're gonna save a lot of lives. And if we don't, it was worth the try. Yeah. Yeah. I just have one more question and Yeah. And I wanna say, yeah, I recognize that it's like you can't expect people to do stuff immediately. You can't expect things to happen overnight.


Sure. And that you get into a place and there's a lot of people that are already there, and you have to figure out, how do I make my way in this? How do I figure out to get some of the things I want and I have to give up some of the things that I also want. Right? And so I just wanna let you know that I, I recognize that, you know, and I think I learned to recognize that more, I think the older that I get and, and learn a little bit more about politics. It's not just like, this guy got the job, everything's gonna be done immediately. Yeah. I do want to ask really quick, this is important because there's a lot, like President Trump talked about this. We, we, he signed this executive order to make price transparency for healthcare, right? Yeah. And, and for hospital bills and medical billing. Yeah. And we talked about it last time you were on, you said your wife is getting, giving birth, and you didn't even know like how much it was costing.


Like what does this cost and what if we get the amnesia, your wife's like, I don't want any amnesia or whatever. And you're like, you should take it. And you're like, how much is it? You know? But it's like nobody knows, you know, and then they're putting $30,000 of amnesia in your wife and you're like, well, shit. And so it's like, but what I'm saying is everybody at this point is, it's it, you know, but it's a hundred trillion dollar, multi hundred trillion dollar industry. Yes. That's gonna change. Will we actually see it take place? Like Biden administration tried to get price transparency. They could, they were too caught up. They couldn't get it done. Trump signed the executive order. Do you think we will actually see this happen? So I do, I I think this is gonna take a little time, but we took the first big step when the president signed that executive order.


And you this, you asked this question about donors, right? So the pharmaceutical industry gives a ton of money to Republicans and Democrats. And I'll tell you, they were not happy when the president did that. And the president's attitude is, look, it's the right thing for the American people. So I, I think again, it's an example of when you've gotta tune out the financial pressures of politics For sure. To just do what's right. Well, People are afraid to get, people are getting afraid they are get sick. Not because they, Okay, dude, lemme Sorry, am I being loud to you? I'm sorry, Jimmy. No, you're, you're fine. Okay. Here's some that, no, I mean, your normal volume, I would say. Okay. Sorry, I felt a little, it's it's not towards you. I'm thankful that you're spending time with me. No, No, you're good man. So, so I saw you a crazy story.


A buddy of mine was visiting recently, a friend from back home, and his wife told me this story that his kid, they, they thought he was special needs, maybe had sort of a, a neurological disorder. Oh yeah. Just because he was sort of emotional or not emotionally, educationally behind his peers. Turns out he, he was just deaf. He needed a cochlear implant. Oh. And it took this, this, you know, my, my buddy's wife just fighting with the insurance companies for forever to get this kid the medicine that he needed, the treatment that he needed. And now the kid, I mean, he's happy, he's healthy. He's a beautiful child, smart child. Like that's amazing, right? That, that's what we want medical science to do, is to take a serious problem and make it better.


Well, why, why do we have a medical system in this country where too many people can't get the treatment that they need? And, and they're, it's a complicated answer to that question. But one of the big problems is, and I don't think most Americans realize this, we subsidize when you go to the hospital or you go to the doctor and you pay out the rear end for a treatment, you are subsidizing all of the therapies All over the world. And what, say tell us what subsidizing means. Some people won't Know. So ba basically we pay more so that Europeans and other parts of the world pay less. So we fund all the innovation, we fund all the development of new drugs, and then Americans pay way more. That's why, you know, Americans, we spend 22% of our economy on healthcare.


The Europeans average out about 10 or 11%. So we spend way more on healthcare and they spend way less. So the president uses the example all the time. You know, the ozempic, the, the, as he calls it, the fat shot drug. He had a buddy who was on Oz Ozempic and had to go to Canada to get it, even though it was invented in Europe. Yeah. And it was mass produced all over the world. It was like a 10th of the price in Canada that it was in the United States. Yeah. And the way that it is, is the drug companies make money off Americans so they can offer discount drugs to everybody else. So what that executive order, the reason why I think that approach is gonna work way better than anything the Biden administration is doing.


It's gonna say the Americans get to pay less and the Europeans are gonna have to pay up a little bit. You'll know more about what you're spending on. But it also is more fair to Americans. And I think that's, I think that's a win-win scenario because you can't expect Americans to pay 10 times for prescription drugs what other people pay. It's also, by the way, not that this is the main issue, but it's bankrupting people and it's bankrupting our country. Yeah. Because we spend so much more on healthcare and that's a major driver of our budgetary Problems. Yeah. It's the number one cause of bankruptcy is medical debt. Yes, it is. And it's like people aren't afraid to get sick because they'll be sick. They're afraid to get sick because they can't afford to be sick. That's right. And the stress of it is gonna kill him. That's right. But do you think like he made the executive order, do you think?


We'll, and I know it's like so hard to be like you do, you know, you know, but it's like, do you really think we'll see this? I mean, it's like, God, give us, give the people something. I do. You know, I, I do. And we got a great Secretary of Health and Human Services, Bobby Kennedy. Have you done, has Bobby been on the show before? Yep. Okay. He's a good dude. He's A good friend of mine. We had Bobby when everybody thought he was insane, dude. Hell Yeah, dude. He had to give him a ride home. His all vehicle had been repossessed, dude. Yeah. Oh man, I'm joking. Yeah. So Bobby Bobby's A good Congratulations, Bobby. Yeah. We should have known that for the Senate confirmation hearings. But yeah, I mean, Bobby's a good dude and he really cares about this stuff. And this is what you need. You need the will, you need the good idea, but you also need the implementation.


I think the president's got the good idea. He's got the executive order, Bobby's got the implementation. So like, look, am I, am, am I gonna tell you sitting here that all of our healthcare problems are gonna be fixed in 12 months? No. Right. But do I think that this is gonna make prescription drugs way more affordable over the long term? Absolutely. Okay. Yeah. And I know a lot of people might be critical of this interview and stuff. It's like, I'm doing my best. Right. I'm trying my best and maybe I'm just too hard on myself sometimes. Why would Critical of interview? 'cause I'm a politician and like, it's partisan. Well, I think, Yeah, I think people expect, I don't Know. But you would've a democrat on, huh? You would have a Democrat? We Coming on. Oh, Nice. Okay. That'll be interesting. But no, I never met him. You know what I'm saying? We got him coming on.


So it's like, yeah, I'm definitely trying to learn more about it. But it's like, honestly, He's, he's a nice, he's a nice guy. But I, but I think that's, yeah, I'm not a, you know, I don't know the history of, of everything. Right. So it's like, I feel like we're just trying to do our best and I'm trying to do my best with somebody who I consider a friend and Yeah. And to learn in as we go. Anyway, anything else particular that you wanted to say that you needed to get out to people? I don't think so, man. I think we've covered a lot. Hopefully I didn't get myself in too much trouble here, but What are you talking about? Dude? I think you're good. I'm trying to think of anything else. Dude, I'm, you think Trey Hendrickson will get signed. That's a million dollar question. Or I guess the $50 million question, Are y'all gonna subsidize that? Is that part of the big, is that part That's, That's actually un unknown.


That's a big part of the Big Beautiful Bill. Well, that was, is $30 million to the Bengals to help with salary cap space. I, I mean, look, so Hendrickson is and is worth it. Dude. Dude, he's, he's a generational talent. Yes. It's very hard to get a guy like that. It's kind of crazy how, like, I'm a big football fan, but Edge rushers have become, it, it's almost like where left tackles were 10 or 15 years ago where everybody just realized there's this really underpaid position Yeah. That you gotta have. And so yeah, I think we're gonna have to pay Hendrickson. I hope so. If he's, here's what I'll say to, to Trey, if you're watching this show, if you're a Republican, I will show up to a Bengals game and take a photo with you if you sign on with the Bengals.


And if you're a Democrat, I'll stay the hell away. Just sign with the Bengals. Because we got a chance, man. I keep, I say this every year, but with Burrow, with Jamar Chase. If we get our defense and our offensive line, we could have a true championship run. It's exciting. Well, I just appreciate you coming and spending time with me, man. Thank you very much to Bob Richie, kid Rock for having us here today. And dude, congratulations man. Thank you. I, you've had a very interesting life and just really cool. It's inspiring. It's Good to see you. Thanks for having me, dude. You too Brother. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone.


Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll.