
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fan do.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER California.


We've got some new tour dates for you. I'll be in Los Angeles on August 14th at the Dolby Theater Anaheim on the August 16th at the Honda Center and Oceanside on August 17th at Front Wave Arena. Get your tickets early this Thursday, June 19th with Code Rat King 10:00 AM Local Time General on Sale begins Friday, June 20th. Get your tickets only at Theo Von dot com slash TO uur. Please avoid any scalper sites and thank you so much. This is the return of the Rat tour. Almost over. I promise it's almost over. And thank you guys so much for all the support.


Today's guest is a United States congressman from California's 17th district that is Silicon Valley. He's from Philadelphia. His parents immigrated from India. He worked with Bernie Sanders. He was his co-chair on Sanders Presidential campaign in 2020. I'm grateful for his time. He's a member of the Democratic Party. Today's guest is Congressman Ro Kana Ro Khanna.


Is that right? That's right. Perfect. Nice. Thank you for coming in today, man. Thanks for, thanks for meeting up and just being willing to come and chat. You are Indian. Your family is Indian. Indian heritage. Yeah. Okay. My parents immigrated from India. My grandfather, actually Avid Kar, spent years in jail fighting for India's independence as part of Gandhi's independence movement. And then my parents came and settled in Philadelphia. Hmm. That's where I was born. Do A lot of Indian people. Is that a, is that, you know how some places in America are certain, like kind of spots where people start to come? Is that a, is that a popular place that a lot of Indian people have gone to over the years?


You know where I grew up in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. There were a few Indian families, but it was 99% white. The bigger places are New Jersey. Have you ever been to Edison, New Jersey? I don't Think so. Edison, it's got a lot of Indian food. Have you eaten Indian food? Oh yeah. I've had some good Indian food. What's your Favorite dish? I think it's like the one, it's like where you all sit in a circle and everybody kind of like catches a cold together, whatever, whatever that That just a cold, right? No, I just mean like, everybody's like kind of sharing off of the same place. Yeah. It is a very sure thing. Yeah. You, you gotta come to Fremont sometime in California. Okay. That's the best Indian food in the, in the country. But Fremont, Silicon Valley, a lot of Indian families. New York, New Jersey, you know. But my upbringing was interesting 'cause I was one of the few Indian kids growing up in Pennsylvania.


And you know, I grew up though with a lot of people who, teachers who believed in me, little league coaches who believed in me. And at times I would get teased being Indian. But by and large it made me very, I hopeful about the country. Hmm. Yeah man. Well thanks. I know we wanted to talk about, I'm trying to think, I actually wrote some questions down today 'cause I feel like it's, oh wow, this is important. This is, this is like meet the press you got, you got the, you're you're, you're on on, on a different level. I, I thought, you know, the thing I love about your show is it's kind of just you talking like a regular person. Maybe you're right. Should I put these away? You think? I mean, no, you, you can give it a try. I mean, Okay. I think you guys, you know why I think this is what I realized.


I was like, man, I have, sometimes I have conversations with people that I want to be able to get more information from and I can't remember everything. Right? But You know what, the thing about you is, I'm not saying this to flag you. A lot of times you'll ask questions and they're like deeper and smarter than some of the Sunday talk show hosts. And I think it's 'cause you actually talk to real people. And it's sort of like, well, how does this affect my buddy? How does this affect real people? So, well, you could give it a try when they, well, let Me, we will do a mix. How about this? You, we, I, I know how we got in touch is you and I have like similar thoughts on different topics online, right? Yeah. What, well, let's just start with Iran or Iran. People say it differently, but do you think we're headed into World War III here?


What do you think is going on? I'm really concerned. I'm, I'm fearful we have a possibility where we're gonna blunder into another war in the Middle East. And just today, actually to make some news, Thomas Massey, who's a principled Republican and myself introduced a war powers resolution saying that the president should not get into a war with Iran without coming to Congress. Hmm. You know, the president to his credit ran against the war in Iraq. He ran saying, I don't want any wars. And the reality is that if we strike Iran, they start hitting us back and hitting our troops in the Middle East terrorist activity that's gonna cost this country a lot of money that should be being spent here at home.


It's gonna mean people could die who are serving the country. Oh Yeah. Well, let's take a look at this. At the bill that you guys were thinking about, what is it called? It's called the War Powers Resolution to stop a war in Iran, which basically says before the President does anything to go into war with Iran, he's gotta get a vote in Congress. Hmm. And how long does that take though? Like, usually to, to get a vote in Congress? Like is there a certain period of time, like, and they do it in 24 hours. It takes weeks or what? They could, it's the decision of the Speaker of the House to when he can bring it, he has to bring it within 15 days. But we want, what we want is today. But by the way, you know, there are a lot of Trump supporters who are telling him, don't go into this war. Tucker Carlson, Marjorie Taylor Greene.


Oh, Dave Smith was talking about it. He's a political, he's a comedian who also talks a lot about politics. You know? Oh, I think it's, this is a horrible idea. You know, you know, and yeah, people will say, well, you don't know a ton about the Middle East. Like, that's fine. I don't want people, I know my friends getting called up. I don't want seriously the children of my friends getting called over to die. It, I don't even understand how it's an option. The only reason I even kind of want it to be possible is to give, is that if Israel like goes to war with Iran, then it'll, it'll at least stop killing Palestinian people for a day or two. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's like my only, it's like at least if the point the guns that way, you know, kind of, that's where some of my thoughts are.


Look, You've been such a courageous voice on, on Gaza. I mean, you look at what's going on there, right? 55,000 people killed. Now Israel says some terrorists, and they're right, some terrorists, but most of them women and children. Yeah. You've got 130,000 people injured. You've got over 600,000 kids who are not in school there. You've got the entire population of Gaza being forced into a corner, southern corner of Gaza. And then you've got over 400,000 people who are starving, who don't have enough food to live a decent life.


Yeah. And the saddest part I feel like is you see this and you're like, somebody should come help them. That's my first thought a lot of times. And then the saddest thought for me after that is we should come, like, it feels like America is the group that would go to help that situation. Usually that's, We are the good guys, right? I mean, we were the good guys in World War ii. We saved the world from Nazism. We were the good guys in the Cold War. We stood up the Soviet Union. People wanna think that we are the good guys. Why are we helping Netanyahu in the killing of children, women, and so many Palestinian civilians. Now look, Israel was hard hit October 7th.


I'm sure like many people you thought that was horrific. The October 7th attack that Oh yeah. And neither of us have any sympathy for Hamas. They're a terrorist group. But what happened is, I supported initially Israel saying, go get those terrorists who committed those horrific attacks on October 7th. But by within three months they had destroyed a lot of Hamas. What now is happening over two years later, they're still going and bombing. And they're bombing because Ben Gavir and Smolich, two of the people in Netanyahu's cabinet are saying, don't stop the war.


Even though they know that they can't, you can't bomb and eradicate Hamas. They haven't been able to do it. And what's the only thing that's happening is that civilians are getting killed. And Israel actually is becoming less popular in that region. I mean, I was in Saudi Arabia and Jordan, they're losing support. Yeah. So why is Netanyahu trying to drag us into it? What do you think that relationship is like between him and Donald Trump? So I think Donald Trump actually initially stood up to Netanyahu because he wanted to bring this war to a close. And he didn't want to get dragged in initially to a war in Iran. I mean, you know what Trump's courage was?


Why he became president in 2016. Do you remember the Republican stage? And they all asked, are you for the Iraq war? And Jeb Bush, who was George Bush's brother wasn't willing to say that his brother made a mistake. Oh Yeah. He's a little oil bunny, you Know, and Donald Trump, to his credit, stood up on a Republican stage and said the Iraq war was a disaster. Hmm. I think that's how he became president. And he ran saying, I wanna be a president who ends these wars. I really believe that's what he thought at the time. Oh, well, sure. Well, I think recently, you know how we're doing okay without the note so far. Huh? You're doing great. Okay. Thanks. I, I wish, I wish people had more common sense like you, than the people who are making this foreign policy establishment.


Actually, my recommendation is that before Donald Trump makes a decision, he needs to have a conversation with you. Oh God. No. Well, to remind him. 'cause I, you know, I watched you actually clip with him during the presidential campaign, and I said, you made him the most human that I've actually seen him. I mean, your conversation with him about his brother and alcoholism, and then he asks you, what is it, what was it like for you to have cocaine and your addiction? And I thought, wow, this is like him having a normal conversation. Yeah. It felt pretty normal. And so, you know, but I think, do you know anyone Theo in your life who's like, yeah, we should go out and go go to war with Iran. Like any of the No. The folks you Talked about. Nobody, nobody even like, even like Hardhead, you know, like even guys who like Navy, former Navy Seal, no, none of them.


Nobody is saying yes. And I felt like the biggest thing that's, I mean, there's so many things Right now and it's like that are, I feel like in the world that are kind of stressing people and making people nervous. But one of the things is, I felt like it was supposed to be America first. Like, we're focusing on like, what are we doing to get things back into America? Right, exactly. To like increase like the purpose of being an American to refill like our hearts with blood and like, and, and and, and make us feel something again here and, and make us be excited about being an American. Right? Yeah. And I felt like that was what a lot of the energy was for. And then now that we're caught up here and it feels like we are just working for Israel, I think to a lot of people, it's, I don't know, you, you just really start to feel very disillusioned pretty quickly.


And, and I don't mean disillusioned in people, I don't mean disillusioned in like the human beings, but this disillusioned in our leaders, right. You start to feel like, I don't know, at one point neither one of these parties is helping us. Well, they both seem like parties that have gotten us into war. I mean, $6 trillion it cost us into Iraq and Afghanistan. And we need now an anti-war movement in this country. And I don't think it has to be Democrat or Republican. I think Americans are sick of war. Here are the two things I think we could do. Look on how do you end the war in Gaza, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a great question. How do you, yeah. What would you to cur do to curtail things Right now in Gaza?


Do you think they're really gonna aim for like a two party state over there? To me it looks like they're just gonna try to sweep these people into the ocean. You know, I think, which I hate to say that I think The, the, the problem is you've got Netanyahu who is listening to his right wing, right? Ben Vere and SM Lech. These are two guys in Smokeless is other mch sm Lech is SML Bring, let's bring him up. There he is. Smoker Zalo Sledge. Yeah. And these guys are basically telling, they're telling Netanyahu that if you stop bombing Gaza until all of Hamas is killed, that we won't support you for Prime Minister.


So, so if Netanyahu stops, he stops being Prime Minister. Oh, I see what you're saying. So he's in a bit of a catch 22. He, he's in a catch 22. But why don't, I don't understand if they're, 'cause you always hear great things about the Israeli military, right? Right. The IDF you always hear like how amazing they are. And I've met a lot of former people that have been in it and guys who were like into asse, some really talented warriors. Really? But then why not send like your Navy Seals to get the actual Hamas people? I don't understand this. If you're so precise. Yeah. Then what, what is this B you're bug spraying this group, these people, you know, like They, they got them in the first three months.


They destroyed most of Hamas' military capability. But the reality is there Hamas is both a military movement, but it's also partly a political movement. I mean, there are people, Right. Some people in Palestine elected Hamas because they thought they needed a desperate political party. Exactly. Right. So then the question is, well what do you do? Because I agree with you that Hamas can't be governing Gaza. Yeah. And, and so there is a solution. And the solution is the president, Donald Trump can call Netanya. He says, okay, enough with the bombing, you know, we're giving them Right now 2000 pound bombs to, to hit these civilians. Yeah. We're giving them, There's a video the other day. Sorry to interrupt you bro. No, please.


Can you see, see if you can pull that up, Trevor. There was a video of a child picking up the casing of a missile and, and reading it. I think, see if you find that maybe we can't find it. That's okay. Do you think there's any chance of Palestine getting its land back there? I do. But first of all, I mean, you talked about this child getting a missile. I mean, how would it make you feel that our tax dollars actually were paying for a lot of the missiles and the weapons that are being used to now kill Palestinians? I agree. I think we've given 'em them $12 billion this year. Israel allegedly.


Can you look up what amount of war materials that we've given them? Trevin United States provided significant military in Israel throughout 2025. The Trump administration, which took office in January, 2025, has approved nearly $12 billion in major foreign military sales to Israel. This includes nearly a $3 billion arm sale. Does that mean we're selling them to them? We're selling part of them to them. And then we've also given aid. Now I voted against the offensive weapons aid about last year, but we approved it. So some of it is an aid, some of it is in sales. Trump is giving them 2000 pound bombs that they can be using.


So here's though, what I think that I'm, I'm hoping pe he or others may be listening to this because your voice really matters. 'cause you know, and a lot of people who voted for him, and they voted for him because they wanted American patriotism. They wanted to focus on building our industrial base. They wanted us out of these wars. Donald Trump can call Netanyahu and he says, enough, we're not going to be giving you more offensive weapons to kill more civilians in Gaza. But here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to convene Saudi Arabia. I'm gonna convene Jordan. I'm going to, What does convene mean? Sorry? Convene mean, bring them together. Okay. Convene. Bring 'em together. That's it. We we're gonna get the Arab states together.


Jordan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, people in Palestine, Fata Israel, the United States. And we're gonna say we need a new government in Gaza. It can't be Hamas. You know, Hamas is a terrorist organization. We're gonna get rid of Hamas and we're gonna make sure that this new government has Palestinian voices, but also has Saudi Jordan, Egypt part of it to make it secure. Right. So that they don't attack Israel. 'cause Saudi doesn't want to attack Israel. You know, he could win the Nobel Prize. You know, he wants to always win the Nobel Prize. Could who? Donald Trump. Donald Trump could win the Nobel Prize. How Could he win it, do you think? Rob? I think If he comes in and he says to Netanyahu, stop.


Stop this. I'm actually the president who's gonna bring peace and here's how we're gonna do it. It's not just gonna be Israel, the United States and Palestine. 'cause we agree. Hamas can't be anywhere running Gaza. I mean, Hamas is called for the destruction of Israel. We have to stand for Israel's right to exist as a Jewish democratic state. I mean, that is a principle we have to re respect. But we're gonna get Saudi Arabia And they have to respect Palestine's Right. To exist. Right. They have to, they have to respect Palestine's Right. To self-determination and have a Palestinian state in Gaza and in the West Bank. And you can get those two states. And with land swaps, you could actually make it that even a lot of the, the settlers are still gonna be able to stay in some of the places.


I mean, you could get to a, a lot of the deal. We know that needs to happen. But Trump has a good relationship with the Saudis. We have a good relationship with Jordan. We've got a good relationship with Egypt. Get all of these countries on board and say, okay, what is the new Palestinian leadership gonna look like? Saudi, Egypt, Jordan, are you gonna guarantee Qatar too? Qatar, my boys over there. You got, you know, I was just over there, man. They had us all dressed up like a bunch of Ku Klux Sands. You were In Qatar? Yeah. What were you doing in Qatar? They Had me come and perform for the troops. Wow. It was really great. It was pretty pr pretty special. But sorry, I interrupted you just to get a joking, but also was excited and had a great time there. They really treated me very nice. People thought I was a spy.


I thought maybe they were gonna try Me. But you, you could be part of this whole Middle East plan. Maybe you'll go perform If they get, if they get, if they get a, if they get a state there. I mean, I look, I I, what bothers me is that we know what we need to do. Right. So why is Trump afraid? Is Trump, is Donald Trump afraid of Netanyahu? I don't, I don't understand that. You know? 'cause Trump certainly feels like he seem, he is a guy who does not seem afraid to say what he wants to say. I don't Think he, I don't know what it is. 'cause I, I, I want Trump to do the right thing. Like, I want him to start to end the war in Gaza to actually figure out how we get peace there. And I think he could, he could, if he picks up the phone and he says, Netanya, you're done.


Netanya is gonna stop the bombing. And then net you was gonna say, okay, but we got Hamas. I can't stay here with Hamas. And Trump could say, okay, I'm gonna help you get rid of Hamas. But you can't keep bombing and killing women and children. That's not getting rid of Hamas. Yeah. It's fricking crazy, dude. I mean, it's just like, And so you get Egypt, you get Jordan, you get Saudi Arabia. I call it the 23 states solution. You get all of those Arab States put Mississippi, dude, I'll tell you this, we can give Mississippi to Palestine. I've been saying that for 15 years. Have 'em come over. Have Mississippi. Have Mississippi, Yeah. Have the Palestinian people come and move there if they want. Yeah. But they, they want Palestine. Right. I understand. I and I do understand that. I was just trying to give em something that I think everybody could, you know, 'cause Mississippi could use an economic boom.


You know, they could use I think some, Some you're from Palestinian immigrants coming, maybe. Yeah. Well that's what I'm saying. With Palestinian, with Palestinian immigrants coming, it would just kind of like add a new texture to that whole state. I think it needs like a rebirth of, of thought. You know, they have a lot of great arts there, but I think they did. Oh, they had Faulkner? Oh yeah. They had some greats. They had Eudora Welty. They had Faulkner, they had Jackson Dart. I mean, they've got some great Morgan Freeman. I mean, those are easy ones. Some of 'em. But, but no, I'm just saying if they had the Palestinians there, it would be interesting. So I've, I've just always thought that that would be interesting if you, but I think your voice on this really matters because no one sees you as sort of like some campus activists shutting down university buildings.


You're talking to regular people. You're talking to people who are truck drivers and blue collar workers. And you're saying, you know what? I'm always for the little guy. I'm that, that's I from the stuff I've seen about you, if there's like one Theo Von political philosophy, it seems like you're for the people who are being bullied, you're for the people who are kinda shut out. And, and that's how you're seeing this Palestinian issue. It's not, 'cause you're, I mean, you're, it's not Jewish or Palestinian or Muslim. It's like, how can we not be for both people? And now you're the most powerful country in the world, and a lot of people, you know, supported Donald Trump. And, and he has an opportunity to bring the suffering to the end and make peace.


Yeah.


Hey everyone I've, I've been telling you about Moon pay. Yep. Moon pay. That's what I've been using. 'cause I've been getting back in the crypto. You know, I've been tiptoeing in the, the crypto and you feel me? Yep. Moon Pay has got me back. Moon Pay is one of the most user-friendly apps out there for buying and selling crypto. People call it the PayPal of crypto, because just like you use PayPal to buy almost anything online, you can use Moon Pay to buy almost anything in crypto. Nearly every crypto app you've heard of uses Moon Pay and it works with credit cards, debit cards, Venmo, and even PayPal. Now, here's where it gets really interesting. Moon Pay Powers payments on Bon Bot, a cutting edge AI trading bot designed to optimize your crypto trading strategy with advanced algorithms. Whether you're trading 24 7 or looking for a more hands-off approach, bonk bot ensures you make data-driven intelligent trades. It's your AI powered partner for smarter more profitable trading. You can top up with Moon Pay and its mini payment methods on bonk bot. Remember, while Moon Pay makes buying crypto straightforward, it's essential to do your own research and understand the risks involved. Crypto trading can be volatile and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is a tool to facilitate your transactions, not a source of financial trading trade responsibly.


Hey there, Summerside hustle. It's getting hot. The birds are chirping. And you might have that itch to make some extra cash go on a little vacation, whatever. One thing that's really helped me with that is using Shopify to run my Merch store. That's what we use. It's simple because if I'm out of town, I can just check on my phone and see what's going on right there. Boom. I can see what's being ordered, what's not being ordered, how much, how, when, why, et cetera. Yep. Over the years, Shopify has been there. As we moved out of a basement over there in Akron, Ohio, in bigger areas to hold our Merch. Shopify makes it so easy for me to start and run my business. And it will for you to, so if you're ready to build your own little empire or just start selling seashells by the seashore, whether it's Merch, a new product, or your new idea, go to Shopify dot com slash TN. Theo, make it happen. That's right. Shopify dot com slash theo,


you know what I realized the other day? 'cause I've been thinking a lot about like voice, right? Yeah. Like, what does it mean to have a voice? And, and I don't mean like me having a voice in the world, but just to even have a sound that comes outta my throat, that means something that's connected to my heart, or to my feelings, or to my thoughts, you know, and it's just, it's, you know, it's a gift. It's interesting to have. And then I I what it feels like when you are afraid to speak, right? Like, I feel like my whole life when I was a kid, I was just, I, I, I just, I wanted to have a voice for myself. You know? I just never had a voice. We were in pretty traumatic place when I was a kid. And so I just never had, I couldn't even, I didn't even have any feelings to put together to share what I wanted to share.


Right? So I think like, like I'll just, I'll always go for the underdog. I think that's all it is, dude. I will have my, my team will be, That's kinda like your philosophy, right? I think, look, my team will be in a series, right? A a best of five. Yeah. And if the o and if the o and if our, if my team goes up two to one, I'll start cheering for the other team. I just, for some reason, I always cheer for the underdog. Oh, you know, I grew up in Philadelphia. There was the, the Rocky story, right? And that's, that's the American thing. Like Rocky is the underdog and we all right. We're supposed to be the ones there to help. Right? Right. We're supposed to be the ones there to help. And if your country isn't even gonna do that at a level that's grandiose, right? Then what, what makes you want to go home and do that at your own level?


You know, like what, you'll, you'll still do that, but you won't do it in feeling that you are supported by your country. And Yeah. I don't want people to go die over there. I don't think that it's, it doesn't feel right to me. And that's okay. Some people might be like, well, you're not a political pundit. I don't give a shit. But You know what, you know, I Think that I don't care if I'm or not. I am a human being And you're a citizen And I am a citizen. And I, some people are like, well, you're lucky to be a citizen. Yeah. But I have to, I'm a citizen. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm a citizen. I think the Native Americans should get things back. And You know what? Your voice hasn't been corrupted. I think part of the challenge in politics is you get surrounded with so many of these interest groups. You get surrounded by how you're gonna raise money.


You get surrounded by all these foreign policy thinkers. Dude, We're working together. I didn't even realize it. Ro I hate to interrupt you, but Right now my question is Yeah, RO I I, one thing I like about you is I feel like you're a black sheep. You take a lot of unpopular stances. That's something I really admire. One of those is not accepting lobby from pacs or ps. We hear about 'em a lot of times. Some of my listeners, you hear about these pacs it means political action committee. Right. And I'm reading this, just gimme a break guys real quick. We are at a point, I believe where a lot of people are starting to see that neither party really represents the people. That's the, that's the feeling that I'm hearing people say. I've heard Candace Owen say it.


And you know, she's, you know, very much been a kind of a Republican role model. I feel like, or at least a, have some influence of that. I feel like she's also kind of in a lane of her own parties have been unable to keep businesses and lobbyists away from politics. In 2025, lobbying was at an all time high of 4.4 billion. I believe that's a couple sites said that online the sites could be lying. How can we know who is accepting lobby money? First of all, how do we know that? You know? Yeah. So first of all, take a guess how many lobbyists there are in Washington Right now? Ballpark? 12,000. Yeah. 10,000. That's pretty good. 10,000.


They're hiding a couple thousand. You know it 10,000 think they're 500 members of Congress. That's that, that that 5 35 Right. Members of congress centers. That's 20 to one. Right. You play football. Like imagine you got 20 people. You're wide receiver, you got 20 people covering you. Yeah. Now let me give you a concrete example of how this stuff works. Pharma lobbyists, right? Just big pharma. There are about 1200 big pharma lobbyists. Wow. So it's about two and a half to one for every member of Congress. I'm sure you know people who want to get some drug prescription drugs I'm talking about. And it's too much money. Right. And they skip it. Do you, do you know folks? Oh yeah, totally. I do. So Donald Trump, one of the good things he does is he puts out an executive order and he says, Americans shouldn't pay more for any of these prescription drugs than people in other parts of the world.


Right. You know, I've had people who's like, go to a foreign country to get the drug. 'cause they don't wanna pay them. I can't afford to pay the drugs in. Oh Yeah. One night I'm hanging out with the girl and I, you know, we had a, we've been on a couple dates, I thought I was, we're gonna maybe smooch a little. It's 11:00 PM She's like, she's like, I have to go drive to Mexico. Get Are you seriously to get ozempic? I'm not even joking. She's like, I have to drive to Mexico to get ozempic. And she's like, if I leave now, the hours are best for driving there and back. And I was like, oh God. So the way to her heart was like getting her this drug. I, I don't, I'm not riding with her, you know, but I definitely, I gave her a little bit of gas money, you know, because I hope to see her again. But Yeah. Anyway, but yeah. Anyway. Yeah. It's crazy, right? I mean, we're, we, we're, we're paying for all these drugs to be developed.


You and I pay the NIH to develop all these drugs, then the big pharma sells them at a profit to Americans. And basically the rest of the world gets these drugs at a fraction of the cost. Right? So we're subsidizing their cost over there. We're Subsidizing their cost. Now, I, one, someone could say, okay, Mexico or some of these developing countries, fine. You, they, they should have these drugs cheaper. But we're subsidizing Great Britain. We're subsidizing Japan, we're subsidizing Europe. These are rich countries. Yeah. We're su subsidizing Switzerland. So Donald Trump, one thing that I agree with, he comes out and he says, Americans shouldn't pay a higher price than any other industrialized country. Yeah. I'm the first Congress person actually to introduce his executive order as a law.


I said, okay. 'cause the executive order, you know, the pharma just will sue it and tie it up in court and nothing's gonna happen. Yeah. Because he had another one with price transparency. Right. Exactly. Where it was like all the, all the prices of, of, of, if you go get an MRI, whatever it is, it needs to be like a menu. Like you go to McDonald's, you know how much it costs, right. 'cause without a menu, they can just charge you later whatever they want. Right? Which is part of the whole bait and switch of the insurance system as part of the whole shell game. That was another executive order. But that hasn't been enacted. Like how do you, we get these things to actually happen. Like why, why do they stop it at executive order? 'cause there's always this pomp and circumstance, right? It's an executive order, but it never gets followed through Because they, it gets tied up in courts and they get sued and they say, well, Congress didn't authorize it.


So I, look, I actually give Trump some credit for putting it out there. But he, he knows, everyone knows it can't actually make a difference until it becomes a law. And who sues it? The pharma Companies. The pharma companies sue it. They, they, they've got a whole industry of lawyers, of lobbyists. And they, they come out and they, they sue 'em. And they're, by the way, they're making record profits. Yeah. And, and they say, oh, we need this money to do research and innovation. Give a break. They're, they're, they have those profits. They're buying back their stock. They're giving out dividends. Their executives are making tons of money. Oh yeah. They're buying fricking Corvettes, dude. They're doing that. But they are, they're all probably all have Corvettes. And they don't care.


That's the thing. They don't care. But how so how do we stop that system? Right. And, and first of all, do you believe that system can actually be stopped? I do. And I, I I, I do. And I'll give you two examples. Why? 'cause we did it with Big Tobacco. You remember that when tobacco basically had Washington DC bought, and then there was a campaign that said Free Kids from Tobacco. And they bring That up. I wanna see a picture of that. Some kid with a smoke if they let 'em, they used to My grand, there it is. Yeah. Campaign for The campaign for Tobacco Free Kids. An American nonprofit membership organization established in 1995 with Bill Novelli as its first president. Okay. So that happened in 1995.


And that had an effect that, Well it was them, it was grassroots organizing. There was a hearing in front of Congress. They brought in all these tobacco executives. And basically the tobacco executives were seen lying to the American public saying, yeah, we know that this stuff is addictive. And that had a huge impact. There was laws that got passed that said, you can't sell tobacco cigarettes to, to kids. You have to disclose the addictive quality. So we stood up to a big tobacco. We also did it one other time in this country, famously, I don't know if you know what DT DDT is. DDT. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. It's in the yard, brother. Yeah. That's, they say it's in the grass. Right. You know, it's The fertilizers.


Yeah. And there was this woman, Rachel Carson, she exposed that it was hurting your health. It was hurting our, the birds. It was hurting the ecosystem. And that led to Congress saying, no, we're going to ban DDT for a lot of different uses. We gotta do the same thing in standing up with pharma. How much money does pharma spend? $380 million a Year. In lobbying. In lobbying or in commercials? You mean in Just in Lobbying. Now does lobbying include commercials? That means paying No, that paying to congressmen and reps. That's paying to Congress people and reps. That's like money that is going to congressmen, to representatives, to state legislators. So I introduced this bill, right. Saying, okay, let's do what Donald Trump wants. Let's do what Bernie Sanders wants.


Like how can we disagree on this? Let's take it to pharma so Americans don't pay more. I get two Republicans who co-sponsor it. Representative Luna and Representative Bigs. Bring 'em up, bring up Luna and Bigs, first of all. And if that's not a animated series, I don't even know. It sounds also like it could be a rat group. Luna Bigs, we gotta shot him. So that's Andy Bigs. He's a legitimate guy. He's a legitimate guy. I mean, look, I mean, disagree on things, but like he's willing to stand up for what he believes. Representative Luna, she's willing to stand up. Oh Dude, I was just looking at her online yesterday. I like her. She's, I mean, she has a her, her, I like what she says. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. I like her energy. She's, she's, she, she has an independence. And I got a few of the Democrats to be on board with this. Obviously they, they don't want Americans being overcharged for prescription drugs. I mean, this was part of Bernie's whole campaign. And now people are, are are, are there also people telling you that they got on board? Or, or did it come down to a vote? How did it end up? So Right now, we don't even have a, we don't have a vote. We, we should have every single person in congress co-sponsoring this. The way Congress works is you gotta get to about a hundred people that co-sponsor it. And then the speaker calls up a vote on the issue. But because you got big pharmas lobbying money, well they, they're so cynical. They don't say, they don't try to stop, convince people to vote against it.


They try to stop the congress people from the speaker from bringing it for a vote. So they would like, they would invest in Mike Johnson. They All invest, not just in Mike Johnson. They'll Investigate, Hey Mike, is that liable or slander for saying that? N no. I mean, it's just all They would lobby with, they would try to lobby Mike Johnson. They'll try To lobby Mike Johnson. But you know, there's this, this quote that I love from Dr. King. He said, attack the evil system, not the individuals who happen to be caught up in the evil system. Okay. Got it. So I, yeah, there's some egregious cases. The problem is the system is rotten. Okay. And the, the, the, they are pouring money into different campaigns, into different lobbyists and basically are not going to allow a vote on this.


'cause they don't, 'cause they know if there's a vote and someone votes against Donald Trump and against lowering prescription drugs, the American people will be furious, Are gonna know who they are, are Gonna know They are. Right. And then we can call them out by name. And So they just don't want anyone to, to do it. Ah, and this is how, this is the game. This is why we don't get Medicare for all. Why we don't have health insurance. Health insurance. It's not that we have, we haven't had a vote on Medicare for all. This is why we still have fossil fuel subsidies. We haven't had a vote to get rid of fossil fuel subsidies. This is why we still have a defense budget that is over a trillion dollars. We don't get votes on cutting out the excessive contracts. I mean, it's, the game is to stop the vote.


And so it, let me ask you, the, the thing I wanted to ask you actually the most in this conversation is, do you know people who are just like, yeah, I'm done with politics. 'cause I don't think I can make a difference. You know, it's just, it. Oh Yeah. I'm saying that's what I'm telling. That's what I've noticed in the past few months on some of my favorite shows that I listened to and watch. People are like, oh, I see now neither nobody has our side. Neither one of these groups. It feels like have our side. You feel like it's just all these articles. It's like, well, here's an article about this is gonna happen. And then people get in an uproar about it. But nobody, it, it's almost like it's all algorithmed perfectly to the amount of our attention span where it just fades out of like the, the zeitgeist of discussion.


And zeitgeist just means like the circle of discussion at the moment, I think. But so it's just like, it just fate and then the next ball hits the air and you're like, oh, look at that one. That's it. Transgender something. You know? Right. And then, right that one, then it's like, oh, racism again. Here I am. You Know? Yeah. Forget about me. And then it, but it's the same after a while. You just like, I've seen this show so many times. I think even our DNA is sick. So I think you're having newborn children that are like, this is fucking bullshit. Because even, I think it's in our DNA now, how long the charade has been going on. And that's where I see people are like, at a point where they're just at a loss. How can that be stopped?


How can that sort of thing actually be stopped? Can we do anything or does it have to fall on our representatives? This, the representatives aren't gonna change things. And this is, this is my biggest concern for the country, that people keep getting disillusioned. They're like, ah, I can't change anything. I'm just gonna focus on my own life. Every two years, every four years you get congress people president saying they're gonna do something. They do some executive order. It gets tied up in courts, big pharma blocks, any reform, and what's the point? Right? And then the problem is that the less people get engaged, the more power these lobbyists and moneyed interests have. 'cause they don't want the engagement. No. Right. They, they're perfectly fine with the system.


And, and they're like, okay, we, we, we will keep supporting our members of congress and presidents every four years. They'll run unchanged. Nothing actually changes. And let people get more and more disillusioned. That's what's going on in This country. Oh yeah. I mean, look, we've, I believe that we've entered like a privatized communism. That's what I say a lot. That's exactly, That's Pretty good. What it seems like we're in, right? Yeah. And you're sitting here telling me that our vote doesn't even really matter. See Yeah. People are getting disillusion. Like, like, but what do we Do? So, but that's why I gave that example of tobacco and DDT when the country actually mobilizes when they're like, we're done with this. Like, what Do we need to do? Buy a Jeep or whatever. Well, I think one of the things you go do is like, look at who's taking money from these interest groups.


Right. Okay. That is there a site that we can look at where we, that's Reported open secrets.org. Ooh, open secrets.org. That be open kit. I know Chuck Schumer's on it. You know, and, and everyone is Is that slander or not? I Say that. Yeah. I think you're, I think you're pretty, you're well, not even close to the line of land. We're not. No, we're not. Oh, Good. Oh yeah. That little money monkey's taking something. But you can find it on open secret side, or you can find out how much each person gets and from where You can find out how much each. So I don't take any PAC money, right? I don't take any lobbyist money. But you can even find out individuals aggregated how much they're getting. And then if they're getting money, fine.


But then look at their voting record. Are they, are they voting on against big pharma? Are they voting against the big insurance companies? So first is just being aware. But the second thing is we've gotta demand that people have a vote on getting lower prescription drug prices. Who do we ask that for? From Mike Johnson. Mike Johnson. Okay. Where we gotta say, He's from Louisiana. He's from Louisiana. And he is so I'll say it Right now. Mike Johnson, why don't you put the vote up? I mean, everybody wants this. Everybody is tired of paying, of watching people. Medical debt's, the number one cause is a bankruptcy in America.


We know that It's bipartisan. Right. It means both partisans like it. Yeah. I mean Trump, it's Trump's bill. I mean, Trump's executive bill. Just help us, dude. Give us something. You know what I'm saying? Like the two Things, two things he could do a vote on. One is stopping the war in Iran. I mean, that he can Massey and my bill, he has to give us a vote on it unless he play plays games. And then two, let's just focus on big pharma getting, getting big pharma. Yeah. Yeah. Let's start with one lobby. Let's start with one big lobby. I think it's just a le it's like, give us something, man. I was like, 'cause you know what I'm saying? He's from Louisiana. So like that Louisiana is a state where it's like, it's mostly about like people, right. Peer to peer. It's like, it's like the state is doesn't have a lot of, I don't think we have one top, we don't have one Fortune 500 company, I don't think in the whole state.


Maybe Entergy. But I think that they left. Wow. So we're a low income state, but the one thing that we do have is each other's backs. Right. And I just can't imagine that Mr. Johnson wouldn't bring this to the floor. To the floor. Is that it? To The floor? Yeah. Bring It to the floor, Mike. You know what I'm saying, bro? Like, if, if, if, if people are sick, people are, people are sick, man, people are dying. You don't wanna bring it to the floor. I think that's fucking bullshit. Now if you are bringing it to the floor and row's not telling me the truth, and I'm sorry, Mike. Right? I'm sorry dude. And I, I, I, I got a good relationship with Mike Johnson. Mike's awesome. But, but someone has just gotta say a Case. He's a cool guy. I, I, I'm done with It. But he's got keys to the janitor's closet and it's time to fucking get the, it's time to get the broom out and, and sweep this shit out from under the rug.


That's what I feel like. And you Know what will happen? If there's one time we take on one of these lobbying groups, whether it's big pharma, the Rest will get scared. Big insurance, big, the rest get scared. And it's gonna give hope to this country. Yeah. My voice matters. Yeah. I can get involved. Yeah. I can bring change. I mean, we have been voting for change in this country since Barack Obama. Every, every four years, every two years. Like, kick him out forever. Let's forevers try someone else forever. Yeah. And, and no one, and people, yeah. We put in a mixed guy know, you know, it's like, dang, we got an Indian Guy showing up. They're trying everything. Like they're even trying the Indian guy, I mean, know, they, the country is, the country is like, who do we need? They don't care about idiot black woman.


No, no. They're just like, get me someone who's gonna actually bring change. Gimme, it's like, gimme somebody with some balls. That's one reason why I support a lot of trans stuff. 'cause I'm like, and maybe one of these women will have enough balls on 'em to fucking get us to where we need to be. Like if it, if that's where we're at, where we have to attach balls to an emotional sense of empathy that a lot of times in a woman, and that's who we need to get us over this hill of bullshit that we keep climbing up, then maybe that's what we need. You know? And you, you know what? It struck me when you said Louisiana doesn't have one Fortune 500 company. You know, I represent Silicon Valley, you know, in my district. Hold on. You know, my district. Hold on, Dude. We're about to go in.


All Right. You and I spoke on the phone about, this is crazy, bro. Yeah. Did you read this somehow? Which are you? That Oz Mentalist guy. I mean, I No, you're not, I'm not sorry. It said, and I'm sorry, I'm going back to my notes and thank you man for talking about this stuff with me, man. No, it even helps. Just like, one thing I noticed, even we spoke on the phone the other night, man. And it just, like, after I got on the phone with you, I felt a little better. I was like, at least I have somebody to talk about this with. Dude, yesterday, I'm, I'm leaving this restaurant and a guy comes up to me, he's missing a tooth or he's, he, he was missing one. And he was like, Hey man, thanks for speaking up about Palestine stuff. And I was like, I said, well, I don't, honestly, I don't know a ton about it, it's just kind of how I feel.


And he goes, well, I think a lot of people are just afraid to speak up. They're afraid if they speak against Israel, that they're gonna be labeled an antisemite. And I was like, oh no. I said, I understand that, but I think that's just a verbal trap. You know, I'd said, you can have to, like, I have tons of Jewish friends that I talk to every day and, and I don't think what Yya is doing is good. But anyway, but don't Undersell yourself. You have more common sense and your values than 90% of the foreign policy blob that has gotten us into all these wars. And that as compromise or humanity, there's a reason the founders wanted Congress to be making decisions about war and peace. They trusted the American people.


Mm. Right? Like the kings of the past, when the founders were there, they would just do wars for their own glory. And the American people were really, the founders were really suspicious of that. And they, so they said, you know what, we actually trust the farmers and the people in factories and ordinary Americans not to get us into all this stuff. And they trusted people like you, Theo. And I, the problem is that your voice has gotten out of Washington and, and, and not central to it. But now we've got all these podcasts and they can't ignore you. Yeah. So good for you to try to take back citizen voices. That's what this country was supposed to be. Well, yeah. Thanks man. I, I can't sometimes, like, what the fuck do I have to do with anything, dude, that's a shit that like, I'm like, good.


You're a citizen Right now. Now that agree with hasn't been corrupted, but then you're just shocked when you're like, this means like, it's, it's just, I think it just always blows my mind. I think the tested politics is like pretty simple. They're two basic tests to politics. Do you believe that the American people are smarter and wiser and have good values? Or do you believe in like a bunch of experts and elites? Like I fundamentally believe like the, if we just allowed and listened to people Oh yeah. Normal people, we'd be much better off in this country. And the second is like, do you love and believe in this country? And I do. I think we're a good country. I think we're the good guys, right? Most Americans wanna be the good guys. And like, we've gotten away from that. Yeah. 'cause you got so many intermediate moneyed interests, lobbying interests, PhD, foreign policy experts who are corrupting the process.


Oh yeah. They're corrupting man. They're bought and paid for. They're spies. They're spies. And the sick part is, to me, they're just killing themselves. They're killing the future of their children's imagination. Think of all the little things that you are hampering, but then I guess, you know, money, you know, when you see things happen with money and it's hard to, to, to prevent. So like you said, don't point at the person, try and point at the overall issue. But I love that open secret.org or com, Open secrets.org open. They can, they can do an analysis on everyone. They can do it on me. They can do it. And you know, it's not like people, no, there's no one who's perfect in American politics.


Let's look at Mike Johnson. All right, I'll look at him Right now. He's not gonna be happy about it. I'm sorry, Mike. He's a good man. A man of faith. But like, like the, the whole point is like, maybe he ends up actually putting this for a vote. I mean, that would be, and see, but like all these Texts, oh, he would cha imagine being fucking Paul Revere. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's what he has a chance to be. Because then we could all hold these people like, you, you fucking vote for this, or you will never be back in this thing again. Seriously. I think that's what people can do. Why does an open secrets have an app that makes it really easy? Is it very easy to interface for people to be able to navigate how to find out who gets what and whatever? Or is tricky? It says pretty easy. You can do it. Like I would look at two things. One, how much money do they get from pacs?


Which are the pacs? How much money do they get from lobbyists? And what are the industry groups Now, if they're taking money and they're still voting against those groups, fine. But the, the what raises red flags is when they're taking money and they're not bringing something for a vote or they're voting with those industry groups. Right? This says top contributors for 20 22, 23 for Mr. Johnson, American, Israel Public Affairs Committee. And that gets to the vote on Iran. Right? That's Apac, Right? That's apac, yeah. And like Massey and I have shown independence on that. So okay, bring this vote so we don't get into war on Iran or, and don't be beholden to, to groups who are telling you, no, no, no, let's just go along with Netanyahu and strike Iran.


Like it's fucking Cr. It's absolutely crazy. And you know what the craziest thing is is that we've had Thomas Massey scheduled to come in for like a month. Right? He's great. Yeah. Well, he's one of the smartest members of Congress. He's a maverick. That's what I like. He's a maverick. I think you and him both are mavericks. Yeah. It's one thing that I admire about you is that you make choices that feel like your own right. And the odds that you guys have a bit together, and then you're here today and he's coming tomorrow. So, Oh, is he coming tomorrow? That's awesome. I Know I wanted to put you on the same day so you at least get to say hey, but maybe, maybe in the future. We've done stuff. We've done a lot of stuff together. We both have like people in our own parties who get upset 'cause we take stances that are independent. We work across all. But isn't that what Congress is supposed to be like?


I mean, when you have a conversation with your buddies, do you always agree with like three of them and then have three of the others always disagree? It's like so irrational. Yeah. Usually like you'll agree with someone on one thing and you'll disagree on something else. And yet in Congress it's like you got these two teams and they're always supposed to be with their own parties. And that's not how people actually are in real life. They want people who just think for themselves. I agree. And the craziest part is they're on two teams, but they should be playing for the same group. Right? Which is Team America. Yes. And the fact that there's like, it always feels, the craziest part is it feels like it's you as a citizen against your own against.


That's what it feels like now. It doesn't feel like this person. It feels like that in the voting. Like they're gonna, and then it feels like it just changes once they get over that hill. You never see them again. And you know what? One thing that, But Mike Johnson's a Louisiana boy and I think that he'll do the right thing, man. And I, but I could help keep tabs on who votes for the right thing that they're supposed to vote for. Because it's, it's unbelievable. It's, it's, we are literally, it's still DDT, but it's prescription drugs and we're killing our own people.


You know this show is sponsored by Liquid IV. I like staying hydrated baby. It's important to me. It's important to me just to get just dang, just get to a cellular level. I like to hear them little babies getting drenched inside of me. That's who I am. And Liquid IV. Well they help me now. Mostly I enjoy the sugar free options that they have. White peach, lemon lime, rainbow sherbert and more. They've got 'em. And they just release their new sugar free flavor. Arctic raspberry. I just love, I just get my water bottle. Open it up, hit it with that. A stick of Liquid IV, bam. Shake it up. Doused doused. And my cells are feeling hydrated. That's it. No matter what your summer brings, tear, pour and live more. Go to Liquid IV dot com and get 20% off your first order with code THEO at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code theo at Liquid IV dot com.


Getting your sweat on might seem like hard work, but with Symmetry Sauna, it's a work of art premium custom saunas for your home or business plus a series of sleek prebuilt saunas. I just got myself a Symmetry Sauna and I'm sweating out bad decisions like the time I tried to just fill my own chip tooth in. Why sauna? Well it relieves sore joints and muscles. Improves skin, boosts heart health and melts stress like hot butter. Hmm. And I'm finally sleeping like a baby, which is rare since I'm usually up at 3:00 AM wondering if penguins have knees. Pro athletes, fitness buffs, big folks getting small. Small folks getting big. Everybody's hot boxing and symmetry saunas can help designed in the U S A made with Aspen Wood from ancient Estonian forests. Ooh, yep. Fancy trees. Symmetry Sauna. The perfect balance of form and function. Learn more about how to get your own premium home sauna from Symmetry Sauna at Symmetry Sauna dot com slash t.


Okay, so you and I spoke on the phone about the tech lobby. Yeah. And that was something that I had never even heard the term before. The lobby. Really? Yeah. Never heard of it. Your district in California. 'cause you're a di Democratic congressman, right? Correct. From California. Yeah. Your district is home to five companies worth over $1 trillion. Yeah. That includes Apple, Google, Nvidia, Tesla, and Broadcom. While half the country is de-industrialized and dependent, you guys are you, you're in part of a, you're, you represent a very special district. Yeah. How big is that tech lobby? Who are the biggest players and are there multiple tech lobbies fighting against each other?


Yeah. Well first lemme just say that part of the problem in this country is that we've got $14 trillion in my district and five companies over a trillion dollars. And Louisiana doesn't have a single company in the Fortune 500. Like how did we allow this to happen in America where all the wealth is piling up in Silicon Valley? In New New York? Wait in one, sorry. There are two Fortune 500 companies headquartered in Louisiana, Entergy and Lumen Technologies. And I'm sorry about that guys. But even that, right? You got two companies and you got $5 trillion companies in one district. And a lot of what we've gotta figure out is all these places like Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Loraine Ohio, downriver Michigan places totally hollowed out. You go there and there's 30% hotel occupancy and then they're looking at Silicon Valley making more money than any time in human history in the world.


Like how in America did we allow this to happen? It's crazy. It's sad. It's sad and it's unconscionable. But is there a tech lobby? Yeah, there's a tech lobby. Let me tell you, one of the things that's been in the news that I know you've discussed Palantir, right? And the, the contracts that they're getting $113 million to create this database on Americans. And I, you know, I know you asked someone. Yeah, I I did. Go ahead. I'm gonna, I asked JD Vance about Palantir because I'm scared of it, right? Yeah. This is just on my thing. It's so crazy, dude. We are like this bananas. I asked JD Vance about Palantir because I'm scared of it. I felt like he gave kind of a political answer to me, right? Which is no judgment.


I did. That's what I felt like. I want our listeners to know why I'm concerned. Well, one of the reasons is that Palantir got a $795 million contract with the US Army for the Maven Smart System, which is using artificial intelligence tools for data fusion and target identification, and then a $30 million contract from the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement to develop an operating system that identifies undocumented immigrants and tracks self deportations. So one of the things that's going on is that it feels like to me that they are asking Palant, or they are, they've granted Palantir the opportunity to create this overall database.


And that is one thing that JD did talk about. So maybe he didn't give that just a political answer. He said he believes that it's just an overall database where like the local police department will now have them in the IRS every IRS. Everything will be synced up so that if you're involved in something in the world, everything will, all the databases will be linked. Right now, I felt like he would maybe know more about it because he has a relationship with this guy, Peter Thiel, or who is one of the founders of it or something. But I don't know if that's true. Right. And may, and maybe he didn't gimme a PA political answer. I think it felt, I don't know.


You know what, maybe it's just, it wasn't the exact answer I wanted. Right? And so that's why I'm kind of framing it like that. So yeah, I don't wanna say that it just felt, yeah, I think it wasn't kind of what I wanted to hear. But that's also part of diplomacy, right? It's like I learned that recently. It's like everything is, you're not gonna get everything right. Nobody gets everything. But anyway, that's what it said. It was this overall database. And to me, I'm thinking, dude, if they have an overall database, right? And they know every, they're gonna know everything. To me it feels like they, that that, that they'll just have this like all your information, your bank card, your blood type, they'll know if you prayed this morning, they'll know just by like biometrics or whatever.


If you've hit your knees, they'll know if you're feeling hopeful, they'll know all of these things. Right. What are things that we don't see coming from this Palantir deal? Do you think that those fears are realistic? What do you think? Well, I'm considered, let me tell you what, how I see the facts. First of all, I don't wanna dunk on the vice president 'cause I, I saw some of the interview and I love the fact that you have people here of different viewpoints, but he's got a particular view. I mean, Peter Thiel founded Palantir, Peter Thiel also, I mean, it's public record. Put $15 million into his campaign. In campaign. Yeah. We talked About that to, to make him a senator. So I'm not saying I'm not questioning him, I'm just saying he's got a view of a relationship with Palantir and, and we, we've gotta figure out what are the objective facts.


I mean, the Palantir was founded by Peter Thiel and it was founded by CIAs Intel. Right? This is what funds it CIAs. What do you mean? The CIA has a venture capital firm Oh. Called Intel. Intel. They Gave the money initially for Palantir. Okay. There's certain things that Palantir does that are important to our country. They're using AI for military applications so that our fighter pilots can identify targets, right? We need certain things to make sure that we're the leading military in the world. The problem is on this database that they're creating about Americans, right? And here's what they could do. They, they're not collecting the data. They keep saying, I'm a data aggregator. That means they're creating the program.


The software where the government puts in the data, your financial records, your health records, your employment records. They can buy your social media records and they put it in and Palantir spits out information. Now lemme give you a concrete example of why this could be dangerous. Let's say you're a comedian, you know, you know comedians, right? My guess is before you became Theo Vaughn, there were times where as a comedian you did shows that maybe you maybe 5,000 bucks a night and maybe then you'd go a while and not make anything or make 500 bucks. Right? You got good shows. Bad shows. It's not Oh yeah. I mean we made 25 Yeah. A hundred bucks. Yeah, for sure.


And you, I'm sure you have still have friends who c in standup com comedy and who have good nights and bad nights. Now Palantir, this database suddenly flags and does an algorithm. And if someone's having income here and there, they say, well, is is this person a risk for tax evasion? And suddenly they're getting audited because they're making a predictive model that comedians, standup comedians should be making $70,000 a year. And this person isn't disclosing their income. Are they a risk? We don't know with Palantir, are they target what their algorithm is targeting? Are they targeting ordinary people who have incomes that are variable or they tag are targeting the billionaires who are evading taxes?


It is just a black box. We don't know what data of your friends or my friends is being collected and what, whether they're actually creating a database. All we need to do is have transparency. I have three simple things that I think we should be able to get, get consensus around. Your data should not be collected without your consent. You need to know what data of yours the federal government has. The federal government should not have any of your data. That they don't absolutely need to provide you a service. And then when Palantir, we should know what their algorithms are. What are, are they doing this to get audit people who are like making 50 grand 'cause they're accusing them of tax evasion?


Are they targeting their algorithms on the very rich or on ordinary folks? What if you're, what if you have a social media post that says things that are critical of the government is that information Now the government has, it's like a whole black box. Yeah. It's very scary. It's very scary too. Because what if a another country says, Hey Palantir, you're our friends. Why don't you target these people in America so we can start to bring them down? Right. Why don't you start to adjust their scores? Hey, why don't you, why do you, why don't you not, why don't you make it so that it, it makes it look like these people have already paid their taxes if they have, you know what I'm saying? Like, right.


There's just all these little things that could be plausible based on whoever owns the information. Like whoever owns Palantir, whoever owns that algorithm, is going to be able to basically puppeteer so many things that could be possible. And even if they're not doing it, there's the fear that they could be doing it. There's the fear they could. And there are no laws Right now. Right? We need laws, right? Saying, show us your algorithms, have an audit of the algorithms. Who are you targeting? How do we make sure that you're not using this in a negative way? And basically like Americans should know what data people have about that. I Agree. I agree with you a hundred percent, man. And I wanna say though, also, and I don't want like a company like Palantir, I think like, you're bullying me or you're doing this or that.


They just happen to be the company that has been picked. And it's a scary time. It's already so scary with like technology, everything happening so fast. It's spooky, Right? And, and you have a nuanced view. Look, I have a nuanced view. There's things that Palantir does that are important for a military. Like just saying, oh, Palantir is all bad. Would be unfair to the, what they're doing on the pandemic they helped with distribution or what they've done on the military. The point is though, this American database building is scary and trying to predict whether someone is being a tax delinquent or not. Trying to predict if they're going to be a financial risk, trying to figure out a profile on them.


And what we need. I I really blame the lawmakers. 'cause what we need is the laws to protect people's privacy, to protect people's data. Like, like, and to protect the, the use of these algorithms. Yeah, I agree a hundred percent. And we're gonna get to that. I know you have the, the internet Bill of Rights, and so we're gonna get to that in a second. Yeah. This is the push, I, I wanna say this. The push has put a key Palantir product called Foundry into at least four federal agencies, including D-H-S-H-H-S and others, widely adopting foundry, which organizes and analyzes data paves the way for Mr. Trump to easily merge information from different agencies, the government officials said.


And that's what JD Vance said when he was here. Right? He was saying, and, and I'm reading that o off of the New York Times, give or take what you think about them. But that's what JD Vance had said, that he thought it was just this overall compiling this kind of aggregating of information, right? He didn't think it would get super specific. So I I do, you know, I don't think he, it felt a little politically, but that also could just be what he exactly believes. And that could be exactly what's happening. I think the, the, there's just a lot of fear with it. A lot of, and it says in here also creating detailed portraits of Americans based on government data is not just a pipe dream. The Trump administration has already sought access to hundreds of data points on citizens and others through government databases, including their bank account numbers, the amount of their student debt, medical claims, disability status, et cetera.


So this will just, I, I mean, I think this whole thing just goes further down that line. And I don't even of just like knowing everything about everyone, and I don't even think that it's, it's Republican or Democrat. I just think it's where we are in time Right now with technology and that it's very scary and that you can start to see how big the tech lobby is. I wanna say this one thing about Palantir though, that a lot of people have had issues with is what they're doing in Gaza, right? With AI targeting, and this is off of, I, I read this online and so that makes it probably uncredible, but allegedly Palantir software is reportedly used by the Israeli military to help select targets in Gaza.


It's data mining and AI systems can process intelligence reports, communication intercepts and surveillance data to generate lists of potential targets in a matter of minutes. A process that previously took hours. Lavender and Hbsa, which are two of the, their kind of, I guess, programs or overall idea names. And habs means the gospel investigations indicate that two AI systems, lavender and Hbsa are at the core of this collaboration. Lavender assigns Palestinians a threat score based on metadata, social media, and movement patterns. These systems reportedly operate with significant error margins and their recommendations can be enough to authorize deadly strikes sometimes with minimal human oversight.


Gaza is described as a live laboratory for these AI technologies where new systems are trained, tested, and refined in real-time combat conditions before being marked globally as battle tested solutions. I think that's where a lot of the fear is. It really is. If that can happen there and this, they're capable of that, then how do I know if, when I'm walking down the street that some decision I made years ago or something, a bullet's not just gonna fly out of anywhere and go through my head from a drone or something. You know, that I think is, is the big fear about this. And I think some people don't even know it. I Think the big fear with technology Is that crazy for me to say that?


No, I, I, I mean I don't think it's crazy to fear that machines should not control human beings, right? I mean, we look, technology can do a lot of good, it can do a lot of bad. But the key principle here is are human beings gonna be in charge? From what you described, it looks like that AI is being used, they're selecting, targeting. And the biggest negative in that whole paragraph you read is without human oversight. Right? I mean, you still need a human being saying, okay, what, wait, we're not just gonna go do strikes 'cause AI tells us there's a risk, there's some women and children there. Let's not have those strikes. Yeah. There's a hospital there, right? And I think that one of the things we need to adopt for the United States is there has to be a human being making decisions before any military use, any military strike.


Yeah. At least give me the fat guy with the donuts sitting there and Be like, nah, forget it. Nah, nah, nah. It's like, it is like, we're now gonna be, we're celebrating, we're celebrating human. I'd rather have a human being. Right? 'cause there's some compassion, there's some, oh, I agree that there's some sense of guilt. AI is not gonna feel guilty. AI is not gonna feel compassion. AI is not gonna have any accountability. AI Doesn't even go to sleep at night. How can you trust something that doesn't even go to sleep at night? Right. You know, that doesn't even give God a chance to rebuild the inside of it while it's resting. I, I Just, that's pretty beautiful. Yeah. I do not understand this man. And that's very scary. And that happens. It's happening allegedly. I wanna say that it's allegedly you can go look up for yourself happening in Gaza that this, and it, to me it does start to feel like that.


You're like, it has been such a masker, they're so over abundant. I mean, you, it's basically people climbing into holes of rubble looking for pieces of pe of their children and family member. And it's like we're watching it all. It's, it really does feel like, am I part, am I now part of some sick experiment? Like, how long do I sit and watch before I raise my hand or say something? Or at least some part of me that has a voice inside of me like says, I don't want, nah, I, I just take me out. I don't want to be in this game anymore. I don't, I don't like it man. I don't like it. We're gonna keep it moving right there. 'cause we have some other stuff that I, I wanted to say, oh, I wanted to think about this with you at some point.


Like, if we lay this layer of technology over our society, right? And whether we do it now or it's in the future with ai, this all-knowing kind of layer that knows like if you've eaten, knows your blood pressure, knows how far you've walked today, knows how much money you have, knows the emojis you've sent recently to kind of get a aggregate idea of how you're even feeling as a human right? Then that almost becomes your God. Right? In a weird way. I know that some people will say nothing will ever be my be be a new God for me. I, I feel that. And I, I agree with that and I respect that. But if you're ra say future generations, if they're raised under this cloud of that's all knowing then that would they almost at some point prey to this algorithm that it would change, give them a lottery ball of some sort of thing or something.


Does that even, I mean it's kind of Ray Brad Bellion or whatever, Brad. Ian or whatever, or Brad bur Ian. But does that make any sense to you, man? Well that's why we have to keep our humanity, you know, some of the stuff in Silicon Valley is crazy where these tech leaders really are trying to be God-like, let me give you two examples. Have you heard of this thing called cryonics? You know where We had a guy on who did the freezing? Yeah. Oh you did years ago. Yep. I mean basically they wanna like freeze your body. If you die, if I die, freeze your body and your brain so that some future medical technology could bring you back to life.


Some Pervert probably too. And Peter Thiel's done this, reportedly Sam Holman at OpenAI has done this, have signed up for it. Have signed up for it. That's the reporting. Now I'll tell you why that's so bad to try to be immortal. One of my favorite speeches of all time was Steve Jobs. Steve Jobs founded Apple computers. He dies of pancreatic cancer. He gives this commencement speech and he says that life invented death and death is a change agent because death allows for the removal of the old guard and for new ideas and new creativity to, to come about. Like, you're supposed to make way for a new generation.


We're supposed to be mortal. So you have these people who are trying to be immortal. Now why does that matter? 'cause this is partly ai, right? If you don't have a sense of your own mortality, your own limitations, you're not gonna have a humanistic sense of putting people over machines. A second example with a, with these tech leaders, they wanna build these tech cities. Have you heard of that? I've seen like p pieces in Memphis and stuff where people are getting sick because of like data being uploaded and stuff in their neighborhood and shit like that. Yeah. I mean That's a storage, you know, that, That, that's a big issue of how these data centers are, are being built and whether they're going to cause pollution or dislocation. But they really wanna build these tech cities, not just a city. It's like a secular genesis.


Like they want to build a new civilization with algorithmic norms, with morality that they're setting. Not like the, that was set by God or years of civilization. Hmm. And it's scary. It's scary because it shows an arrogance, a lack of humility. My sense is, look, AI can be an incredible tool if it helps you figure out how many steps you walked and when you're sleeping and how to be nutritious. But it has to be subservient to human agency. It has, we have to have laws that say ultimately human beings are in charge.


And we have to make sure that we are teaching people to have the critical thinking skills and the autonomy to be able to use these programs and not be subservient to them. And that's, to me, that's the biggest question for, for humanity. It's ironic. 'cause you know, you're asking almost deeper questions than any of these Sunday talk shows are in Congress. Like in Congress we're busy fighting about like who insulted who and like who's up, who's down in the polls. And we just have this technology revolution that's going to change how and all of us work that, you know, is gonna make people afraid if they're gonna lose their jobs, that's gonna try to create the super intelligence wondering whether we're making the decisions or machines are making the decisions.


That's what we should be talking about. Right? And we should be talking about it in a way that is ex And I guess there are ways to talk about it in ways that are exciting. But I just think Right now with what you have seen, like, but what the, to me, the the destruction and the, the stuff caused by Israel now, it makes it very scary Right now with that company. 'cause you've just seen that and then you're, now that's the company that's gonna oversee our country. What's gonna keep me from being a Palestinian to the next guy who starts the button in the morning from his cell phone and then goes off on his yacht, you know, and, and just the Constitution, hopefully. Right. But Right, right. Hopefully the constitution, thanks for your patience today, Mr.


Kana. Ro is fine. Ro Rohit. That's your really? Yeah. Rohit. Yeah. Sure. How do You say it? Rohith? You know, when I was a kid, people used to, I still remember this, they used to say, Rohit, Rohit, Rohit is on fire. And then I figured out it was like, I'm making fun of my, my full name. And then when I used to go up the hit on little league, I used to go, Chan ro can't hit Ro can't hit watch the bunt. But you know, we, we have this in common. Right? I looked up that you, you got a long name that you Oh yeah. What's your full name? It's Rohit Kana. Rohit Kana. But You, you know, we're both, I don't wanna geek out 'cause I, I I was, I loved literature. But the, the, it's like quintessentially American to in some ways change your name and to make your story right.


Like my favorite character in all of American literature is this guy Jay Gatsby. And his name was James Gatz. He was from North Dakota. And he said, well, James Gatz is not a sophisticated name, so I'm gonna call myself Jay Gatsby. And he reinvents himself and in, in different ways. You Theo Von, like no one would've thought you'd be Theo Von growing up. No one would've thought this geeky Indian kid is gonna go represent Silicon Valley. And Rohit Khan is gonna become Ro Khanna representing the most economically powerful place in the world. But like, that's the story of America, right? That's the story of self invention. And it's something that we've kind of lost that, that it's why my parents came here.


And the question is how do we, how do we get that back? Like how, you know, we, we've talked about all the negative stuff, which I get. That's a good point. But how do we, how do we get people believing in this country again, believing that we can do big things again? Well, I think there's some ways, and we'll go into this now then, 'cause we're on my list here and I am using a list today. That's okay. 'cause it's an important conversation because of ai, job replacement has already started to happen. Yeah. Right. What kind of worker protections can be implemented, do you think? Because I know you have an internet bill of rights and then we can talk about that right after that. Yeah. Or it may be part of it, but what do you think? 'cause we should be protecting the human, right? At a certain point, we Should be protecting the human.


And we could go two ways with ai. Right? Okay. One way, if AI is like, this could create a lot of new jobs, right? We could build new factories now that are productive in this country. You could have someone in a classroom in Kentucky now who, because AI doesn't get to go to Harvard or Stanford, but suddenly has the knowledge of the whole world at their fingertips. And it can get that kind of education. You can have someone working in a small rural town making 80 grand or a hundred grand 'cause they're a content creator. Ooh. Or, or you know, how many content creators there are in, in this country? Hmm. 1.5 million who make some money doing content creation. Or they can do digital marketing or they can help AI start a small business.


So like, my point is, how do we get AI to lessen the wage gap to create economic opportunities as opposed to just eliminating jobs. Yeah. The scary part is what if they're gonna start to eliminate jobs? Like if you're a truck driver, what if they say, okay, we're just gonna have self-driving trucks. That's why we need to pass law saying, no, I I need a truck driver for safety. Like, would you fly on a plane Right now without pilots? You know, same thing. I wouldn't, I've, so let's make sure we have basic safety in terms of recognizing that we do want workers and workers get to have a say in how to use this technology. You know what the scariest thing is? The unemployment rate for kids between 21 and 29 who have a college degree.


Everyone often says, oh, if you have a college degree, you're gonna be employed. Actually, it turns out if you have a vocational skill, skilled trades, 21 to 29, you have a 2% unemployment rate Right now. Wow. College degrees. 15%. That could go up to 30% if with ai, with these entry level jobs. And one of the things we, we need, I think we need the, the federal government to help incentivize people getting apprenticeships after they're done with a trade school or, or a college so they can actually get a job, make sure they're subsidized, create a government future workforce administration that hires them so they get a few years of experience and then can go on to the private sector.


Most importantly, everyone needs to understand technology and ai. The old cliche is, you're not gonna be replaced by ai, but you will be replaced by someone who knows ai. And in our schools, K through 12, everyone should have a technology class. China is aiming by 2030 to have universal literacy on ai. No re no. Look. Yeah. Not to interrupt you Rob, but I think, well one thing you said here that was really great was, anybody, I agree a lot of jobs are gonna, it's gonna be scary. I, I'm amazed. I was talking to my brother yesterday. I was like, I said, bro, do you have your kids learning about AI Right now? Like, are they learning about it? Are they starting to use it? And my brother's like, no, I don't think so. I said, dude, I feel like it's coming so fast that it could change things really fast.


Now one thing you mentioned is anybody can learn this Right now. It's almost like a great reset in a lot of ways. So you have the kid who couldn't afford to go to Harvard, right? Yeah. Who couldn't afford to go to MIT whose father doesn't have the the nepotism. 'cause we certainly live in like a ne society now a lot Right. In a lot of ways whose father didn't have that capability. Now that kid can get on a computer for probably six weeks or something really focused and crack down and could probably get a job. Yeah. Like I was literally looking the other day, I was like, I need somebody who knows everything about ai. Right? I need somebody who can program and design and help with ai.


Like, I wanna start like an AI studio, right? Whoa, that's pretty cool. And I gotta do it fast because everybody else is gonna be doing it. Yeah. Like you could have a new in. So Even someone like you needs ai, right? Like A hundred percent. Yeah. I feel every day and yeah, there's a little part of me that pull like a little string inside of me that gets reminder like, Hey man, you have to get on top of this. I know other things are pressing. And I Hope kids who are listening to this hear that. 'cause they, a lot of people wanna be like, how do I be Theo Von? How do I be this guy with a podcast or a do standup co be a standup community? And even someone like you, you're, you wanna do that. You gotta know ai. Look, one of the things I say is, look, I was really good as an Indian kid in math, right? Like every Indian kid is, oh yeah, but you don't need math. Like You don't need algebra and calculus anymore to do ai.


You don't have to. Dude, You're gonna shake up all of Madras by saying that. Yeah. You don you don't, you don't have to be like, I was like some nerdy kid who did like math athletes and you know, did got good grades on math tests. Don't, don't need it anymore. If you wanna be an advanced coder programmer, fine. But the amazing thing with AI is now it does all that for you. Yeah. You know what jobs are actually being eliminated? The coder jobs, the guys who did all the math, the the, the AI is doing the coding for them. Imagine there's a guy sitting there building ai. Yeah. And it's only get, it's gonna take his job. It's take take. So now like, okay, you don't have to be the kid who did algebra and calculus. Not to say that you shouldn't learn math. You should learn it for your own sake. But even if you don't like math now you can just learn this technology.


You just have to be comfortable with it. How do you use it to do a business? How do you use it to learn about the world? And you can be the one asking it questions and prompting it and it can create a whole new level of jobs. And you know what the exciting thing is? You don't have to leave Louisiana for so, so, so many times we said, okay, you gotta go move to Silicon Valley. Move to New York and people in have The gold rush or Whatever. Yeah. And people are Appalachia. We're like, yeah, no, it's really beautiful here. No, I really like living in my small town, in my rural community. Like, no, I don't want to live in New York. No, I don't want to go to Rose District. I often ask all these people in my district who are like, oh, okay, just tell 'em to move here or move to a tech place. I was like, well, are you gonna move to Louisiana and no hands go up?


Then I was like, why are you so arrogant to think they wanna live here? Yeah. They, they like it where, where they grew up with their families. But now you can like live there and you learn a little bit of tech and you can work for almost any company in the country, in the world. That is the opportunity. If we do this right, and we should start with kindergarten through 12th grade. It's just like reading or writing. I agree. I agree. Your brother's kids gonna do it. I hope so. I'll say this. They're not working for me one day. If they don't, this is also interesting because it's like every now and then there's something that makes it where you can jump, you can jump up a, a cast or a, you can jump a couple levels. And I believe that Right now, this is that thing where I say the same exact thing.


You know, the, the wealth gap there, there are two huge wealth gaps in this country. One is between places like Silicon Valley and factory towns, rural towns that were decimated. And the other is a racial wealth gap. 10 to one. White, white families and Asian American families tend to one, the wealth of people who are African American, Latino American technology. You can do that. Scale it in one generation. Yep. If we can, if we can get rural communities, factory towns, towns in the black south, the opportunity to do things with tech and build companies, build wealth, be content creators. Oh hell yeah. Black AI dude. You know what I'm saying? I mean, build me a trap beat homie.


Let's get this. No, but I, I agree with you. It's an, it's an opportunity. Right? And and that is, it's like, it's an opportunity. People, some people are like, there's no, and I know that's just one thing. But also another thing is that trade jobs, like you're saying, you're still gonna need plumbers for sure. You're still gonna need, you're still gonna want the hands on the wheel of a human being I believe. But there's a lot of trade jobs. You're not gonna be able to replace those. You talked about an internet biller rights, right? Which you tried to pass, I'm guessing. Or tell me about that. Tell me a little bit about that experience and why do we need that? Do you feel like we already answered that or no? I could go do it briefly. I mean, I, okay there, there's a guy, Tim Burners Lee, you should have him on sometime.


Tim, what's his name? Tim Burners Lee. He is the founder basically of the worldwide web. Wow. He's, he's the one of the people who made the internet. The internet. Oh. And per I'm sure he was like knighted or something. And you know, so he and I talked and we came out with this internet bill of rights when you remember that Facebook Cambridge Analytica scandal where people lost their data on Facebook and profiles were made. And basically it said, in this country, no one should take your data without your consent. Agreed. And you should know where your data is. I mean, there are other parts of it, but it's like pretty simple. You own your data, you control your data and you should know what's happening with your data.


And I think it, and, and by the way, you should be compensated to some extent for the use of your data. If you, if you consent, there should be a data dividend in this country. And I think that is not a partisan issue. It is an issue that's gonna become increasingly important with things like this database that may be being made. Like you should know, do you know Theo Right now what the government knows about you? Do you know if there's a profile on you? Do you know, like what if that database is wrong? Oh, Pisces, I know that. I'm trying to think of what else. I don't know. Yeah, like You should, you should know. Yeah, you should be able to consent. You should be able to get something deleted if they have an incorrect information. And what that applies to the government and it applies to big corporations.


I don't want Google having some profile on Ro Khanna. I mean, so we introduced this in 2017. Wow. 2017 Congress to this day, has not been able to pr to, to introduce or pass any internet bill of rights. There are no protections. You know, when Josh Hawley, When you say there's no protections, oh, you just mean there's no protections for people. I mean no protection of people. Josh Hawley once, and I I, there are places where I actually agree with Holly. He had Mark Zuckerberg stand up and apologize To those parents behind him, to those Parents. I saw that and someone said to me, you know what he should have also done, he should have had the whole Congress stand up and apologize. The problem isn't just these tech companies, it's the congress. We've, we've had this stuff going on for 10 years and Congress is not passed an internet bill of rights.


And one of the things I say is, look, I know these people. I know they, I know how they think they're gonna run circles around you. You gotta hold them accountable. Have the, the tech guy saying hold them accountable. Why won't they do it? The same reason as before. Why won't the, the tech companies do it? Or Who's lobbying, who's lobbying against them? Big tech. It's, It's, it's, it's the, it's tech lobbying. It's internet service provider lobbying. Wow. It's these lobbyists and they don't want, and we haven't, I mean, can you imagine this country that as a constitution that is a country founded on freedom. And we don't have any federal legislation saying you own your data. Oh Well I well that's what it's all become. It's all part of this thing where all you become is data and then you don't own it.


And then you're part of a new country without you even realizing it. You got put into a whole new continent titled or owned by whatever tech monarchy owns it or Archie owns it. And then you, that's where you are. People are like, I'm in America. Like, that's fine. You can believe that all you want. Right? But if another comp company owns your information, that company can't really even be sued. There's a, there was also part of that big beautiful bill that keeps state leg, like ai, it's The worst part of that bill. The ai, you can't even sue the people. Bring it up for me. Get to that really quick 10 years. They want no state to have any regulation on ai.


10 years to give a free pass to these big tech companies. No regulation. I, I spoke out against it and my phone blew up. 'cause I had all these angry tech leaders saying, RO how are you speaking out against these moderate terms? That's when I knew I was doing the right thing. Yep. That's when you know you're doing the right thing, man. But, But you know, you know what's sad there in this country and 'cause you and I both have gone to some of these towns that lost their factories, that lost their industries and we screwed them twice. First we took away their jobs. We literally shipped their jobs offshore or watched their jobs go to China. These towns started to de-industrialized. There was pain, there was opioids, there were drugs. And then what do we do? We get social media companies to find algorithms on their data to start targeting them.


I know with content which is causing young girls to commit suicide, which is getting some people more addicted to drugs, which is getting people to be angry at each other. It's like we screwed them taking away their jobs and now we're taking their data and screwing them with social media. I I just feel like the devil is at the gates. Man. I feel like we are at such an important time. And I know people have probably said that before. And what the fuck do I know, dude? I am, I'm not mentally handicapped or whatever, but I am definitely adjacent. Right? But I do know some things. I know this that, I'll say this, this is in that big beautiful bill and I don't know everything that's in it, but this is one thing that really stood out to me. And I I a I asked J about this.


It says, for a full 10 years after enactment, no US state or locality may enforce any law or regulation that limits restricts or otherwise regulates artificial intelligence models, artificial intelligence systems or order automated decision systems entered into interstate commerce. Only laws encouraging use or deployment of AI are excluded. That means that we you won't have any re legal recourse against a machine. Yeah. Basically like you, you know how you said you want hands on a wheel? Yeah. If now a state wants to pass a law saying you gotta have a truck driver on a truck, you can't do that. If you, a state wants to pass a law saying you can't have an algorithm in social media that gets young girls a addicted to content that makes them more likely to have eating disorders.


Can't do that. So it's just gonna be federal. Have the only federal Will be the only one. And you know, what guy Do you not see? How cra do you not see what is at the gates? And, and by the way, you're not gonna get federal legislation. 'cause the way you get federal legislation in this country is when you get a bunch of states that pass legislation, then you get the industry coming to the federal government saying, oh, there are too many state laws. Can you just get one federal standard? But if You don't have the state laws, you're never gonna have industry coming saying let's get a federal standard. So it's basically like, let's have AI just develop. And that is the problem, right? There's the beautiful AI vision of how your nephews could learn this and build wealth. And we could have some people in one generation have economic security.


And then there's the dystopian AI vision where big government and big companies control our data, are making decisions based on what predictive algorithms are telling about, about us, where we lose control to machines. Hmm. And the question is, which way are we gonna go as a society and, and who's gonna benefit? Is the AI revolution gonna be like globalization? All the money piles up in my district, you know, we'll be sitting here five years from now instead of $14 trillion, it'll be $50 trillion. And places like Louisiana will still be shafted. Or is the AI revolution going to be owned by American citizens? Like to me, that is the whole biggest question of our society Right now.


I agree. I agree man. It's one of the reasons why I was so grateful that you were willing to come here so quick and that we're able to talk about this stuff. 'cause I wanted to have, I've just, I, I don't know. Sometimes I'll just get afraid that I'm not educated enough to have certain conversations. You're, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're, that's what I feel like You're perfectly, you're educated to, to the point where you's you're values. And that's, I think that's actually one of the things that the tech folks rely on. And it's like what the foreign policy establishment relies on. It's like the old priests, like we've got some secret language, secret vocabulary. You can't talk about the Middle East 'cause you haven't studied the Middle East as much as us. You can't talk about technology 'cause You don't know the math that went into the coding of ai. Who cares? These aren't questions of technological competence.


These aren't questions of foreign policy competence. These are questions of human values. Right. It's a moral Yeah, it's a moral stuff. It's a moral issue. But just, but just to be sure to go back. So on, on that point, we're talking about that part that's in the big beautiful bill. It will not leave you very much legal recourse. Is that correct? It'll leave you no legal recourse. If you're a state, you can't do any regulations. What if you're a citizen? And if you're a citizen, you have almost no legal recourse. It's basically saying, look, let's trust the AI developers to just develop ai. And the argument they give is, well, we don't want to lose out to China. Well, you know what? I don't wanna live in a society like China. China has a social credit score on every single person. Right? Like if you're in China, you get ranked 10, you're a great Chinese citizen.


One you're not, you know, 'cause you didn't pay your bills 'cause you were rude to someone. Yeah. Because you made fun of someone. Like, okay, 'cause your Karate sucks. That's just gold joke. The the co the the, the argument can't be like, we're gonna stay ahead of China, so let's become like China. Right. How about we're gonna stay ahead of China without being China and we're gonna have regulations. I agree. 'cause we're Americans. It's, and it's here now though. People don't understand that it's here now, right? Like it's, we can't keep kicking this the bowl bill. I feel like we're on the goal line. We're on The goal. This is the thing that the tech leaders, why they're so involved in politics, they understand that this is the whole ball game. Yeah. Like, while we're fighting over all this other stuff, oh, where is the funding for Medicaid and Texas all very important.


They're like, well, we just want the whole enchilada. Yeah. We just, we just wanna, we just want to control the data and control jobs and control the economy. And these people in Washington are kind of clueless. Like there are people in, members of Congress, I'm not gonna say the names were asking the Google CEO about the iPhone. They don't know that Apple makes the iPhone. You know, they're, they're technologically illiterate and they're just being run circles around. And now they're saying like, Congress, you're so illiterate. Just don't do anything. Yeah. Don't have any regulation. Let us just do everything. Like really, we didn't fight a revolution in this country to let the tech billionaires get to de decide our future. It's, and, and, and I think what we need, you know, FDR was a trader to his own class.


He came from, from New York, wall Street Finance. He said, no, I'm not gonna let finance dictate America. And in some ways we need people from technology saying, yeah, we love technology, but no technologists don't get to call the shots in this country. Theo's buddies get to call the shots. And by the way, they got better judgment than you Or just human beings. People with some, I think, 'cause I'm not, I don't know the best morals in the world or anything, but I, I feel like I fucking try to be alive because that's what I'm, I'm sentenced to Right now is being alive on earth. So why don't, why don't, why isn't there a tech leader that comes out with like, this is the app that shows you exactly who's doing what so you can, and this is how you start to change.


Like, we need something that's step by step almost a for dummies that, I hate to say that, but we've all become dumbed down by our phones and games. But we need to know if we have, I mean, 'cause this, I just feel like this is it. We gotta find a developer who's like, you know what, I'm gonna fucking try to save humanity. You know who we could have and maybe you should have him on here as Steve Wozniak. He, he is the, he's the guy who developed Apple with Steve Jobs. Cool guy. Cool guy. And he is a humanist. He's, he, he believes human values. We need some people like Wozniak. I mean there are others. The Woz. Huh? The Woz. You know, it and you know, Steve Jobs in many ways was a, was a humanist people who understand technology but are like, you know, technology in the service of human values.


Yeah. We're not gods, we don't want to rule. I I often say we need Silicon Valley in the service of America, not America in the service of Silicon Valley. Amen. Amen. I agree. I would love to meet Mr. Wak and talk to him. Okay. You campaigned for, and I'm, yeah, I'm going back to some of my charts here. But that's all right. Today guys, that's where I'm at. It's been a long week and it's been a long life. You campaigned for Bernie Sanders in 2016 and co-chaired his presidential run in 2020. Yeah. Is that Right? That's right. We've asked him directly what happened. You know, and I was always a thi I, I wish that they made it so that whoever won the presidency, the other per, like, if a president was Republican, the Democrat, the vice president had to be Democrat.


Right. Yeah. I wish it was like that because then it seems like there would be a, A common ground or invited them to govern together even, you know, like that. Right. Then there has to be some sort of teamwork. 'cause otherwise you outsource it and it's just, it seems like it's so much more expensive. But what I was gonna ask you right here was, and we've asked him directly what happened. Yeah. But in your opinion, why do you think that he lost out on the nomination both times? Because I think that's had an effect on how the Democratic party has been perceived over the years. Well, the establishment screwed him. I mean, there's no doubt about that. He, he should have been the nominee in 2020. Yeah. You had the whole party basically like drop out, tell people to drop out and endorsed Joe Biden. They resurrected Joe, Joe Biden, he had lost Iowa.


He came in like fourth or fifth. He lost New Hampshire, fourth or fifth. It's never happened in the history of the party in recent history that someone is losing that badly and then wins. And they suddenly see Bernie's winning Iowa. He is winning New Hampshire. He is winning Nevada unstoppable. Nate Silver had him at 70% odds to win the nomination at that point. And the party just reacts and they say no. And they convince Buttigieg to drop out and endorse Biden. They convinced Beto to endorse Biden. They convinced Klobuchar to endorse Biden. How did they convince him all? Was it funding and stuff you think? Well, I think they said, look, you, you wanna have a future? Oh, that good point. You could in the, you can be in the cabinet, you can, we're gonna be for you.


And then they're like, Bernie can't win. Bernie can't wait. Come on. Donald Trump just won. He's talking about invading Greenland and you're telling me we can't talk about Medicare for all. I mean, like, the one thing that Donald Trump has shown you is like, you can say what you believe. Anybody Can win anyone. And, and, and that's like, you know, JD had that too. He was like, you come on. I, I disagree with him, but you know where he stands, like just campaign with your heart, campaign with your ideas. That's what, and Bernie was speaking to people who were outsiders, who were underdogs. You know, I think that's why you and I resonate. I was an underdog growing up. I was not, I was not supposed to be a politician. I didn't have a father who was a senator or a rich person or a, a congress person.


Like no one would've thought this Indian kid of Hindu faith was gonna have any shot to get elected to dog catcher in this country. Yeah. But, and Bernie was speaking for all the folks who weren't supposed to make it, who aren't making it in this country. Bernie Was underdog. He was an underdog. That's another thing about Trump though. Trump was also an underdog. You know what I'm saying? He didn't have part of that with them. A lot of these. But I do, I do think there's a pe there's people that love an underdog, man. Okay, let's build the primary early. Right. Who should the Democrats run? Well, first of all, do you think we need to still have just Republican and Democratic party? Or do you think there's value in getting a big financier to support like a third party? Like say if Elon Musk decided to go and support a third party, I think there's a value in third parties.


Here's the problem I have in terms of just like third parties running for president. A lot of times it has to be a billionaire. And then you're like, okay, is that billionaire really gonna have the values of Right. The working class. But in terms of parties, and I'm one of the few people in the Democrat party who says this, I think have more parties. You know, if like the Democrats are like, oh, your third party's gonna take away votes from us, that was like, be better. Like, it's not the voter's job to vote for you. It's your job to convince the voter I never understood this with like the whole Harris Trump race. They're like, well, you know, they're, Jill Stein is taking votes away from us. I was like, her job is to run, your job is to convince people to vote for you. Yeah. You know, it's like if like Apple computers wasn't selling iPhones, they're like, well, this other third party company is taking iPhone sales away from you.


Okay, well, why aren't you making the iPhone better? Right. And so I think having more parties is good. I still think the Democratic Party is the vehicle where we can really have a progressive working class agenda. I think we've gotta reform it in the way Bernie Sanders was, was trying. And you know, I, and I think, and I think the Republican party, I hope will become more anti-war, will become more working class centered so that we have reform in this country. Yeah. I just don't know how we could keep going with nothing. Because that's what it starts to almost feel like, is that we're just, they, we're not even getting anything. I've heard you talk about the idea of economic patriotism. Yeah. What does that kind of mean when you say that? I like that terminology.


My parents came to this country in the 1960s. It was the time John F. Kennedy said, let's go to the moon. Let's dream big. This country was humming. We were building things, we were making things, we were doing things for civilization. I think that's what can bring us together. Let's have a Marshall Plan not for Europe, a 21st Century Marshall Plan for America, where we start to build new factories, new industry, new AI centers, new AI academies, new universities, new trade schools. And we come together in this country, white, black, Latino, Asian, to build things in America. And by the way, I think that's something even some of the MAGA folks would, could get behind.


Like, what is it? Why we, we need a new national purpose? You know? And when John F. Kennedy was president, 60% of Americans had trust in government. Hmm. Today it's probably like down to less than 20%. And the reality is, you know, we talked about the PAC money and the lobbyist money, but most people go into Congress. They are still, they wanna do something for America. They, they, they, they Care. You believe that. I do. I believe that about, you know, JD Vance and I have gotten into arguments. I believe that about him. Like, I, I Believe that about Oh, I do too about him. I do believe that, You know, I, I believe that about most people. Like, I think they have a story. They, they, they wanna do something good. The system is so broken. But you know, what we need again, is a vision that's gonna inspire us to come together to do things.


And, and economic patriotism, I think would be one of those visions. Like, let's make a, let's redevelop communities. Yeah. Me and Mike, I was talking with Mike Rowe, and we've kind of started to put the wheels on creating like a, a, a place that's just American products, right? Yeah. Where you would go to Boston, that's just American, you know, and start to see what that would look like. So that would be really interesting to have like a new American kind of QVC. But all this stuff is just American stuff. And One of my bills is actually to give a tax credit at the end of the year if you keep your receipts and buy American. So look, you buy an American Glass American book, you, you get to deduct it on your taxes. I love that. I mean, I love that. If we could, and also if we just didn't give money to some of these other places and stuff, it would be, I think it would be, we'd have a lot of money for people.


Yeah. It's funny that American, American manufacturing doesn't even seem to be a part of the democratic talking points anymore, which Is so ironic. 'cause FDR industrialized the whole country. You know, the, the tragedy I would say of Elon Musk, who I've, who I've known, is that he could have been Bill Zen. I know you're like American History. Bill Zen was this guy who was running gm, K-N-U-D-S-E-N-K-N-U-D-S-O-O-N. And you can look him up. And he was running GM and FDR says, you know, we need you, we need you to build American industry. We were making a thousand planes a year within a few years, bill nuts and takes it to 300,000 planes. Wow. And, and in instead, I mean, the tragedy in my view, Musk, is he was undermining and destroying like the NIH and all these agencies where what we needed is someone to come in and say, let's industrialize this country.


Let's work with labor to build new industry new jobs. Amer the Democrats did that. Like we sh I don't understand how we let Trump become the Made in America guy. We, we need to be the party that says, here's our vision for making things in America. And wouldn't it be great if the argument in this country was who was gonna build America better? And like, Trump's like, here are my ideas. And we were like, here are our ideas. And maybe you take the best of those ideas, but how about a common goal? Again, like, I, I think the country's exhausted. I agree. We're we're embarrassed. Yeah. We, we, they see all of us in Congress, and I'm guilty of this too sometimes, and we're arguing and name calling and they're like, yeah, but my life, like, I can't afford a house.


My kids aren't gonna have the same job I did. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know what's happening with this country. Like, just get your act together and get some direction that's supposedly the greatest country in the world and start working together on Team America. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's the, the, the, the dream is fading. I feel like some, and I don't wanna be a pessimist, but I don't, I I, I feel like, I don't wanna say the dream is fading. I don't wanna say that's, that it feels like we don't all have the same dream that's fading. That's the part that Sadams feels like it's fading. It used to be that you'd go to bed at night and it felt like you all had this universal dream. You know?


I think, Yeah. I think, and we've, we've lost that. Like what is the common American dream? And, and we've one, we're so divided, right? Yeah. Life is so different for some people in Silicon Valley than it's for folks who are like, how am I gonna pay my medical bills? How am I gonna pay for rent? How are my kids gonna have a decent job? And the other thing is that we lack a common sense of vision. Like what are we doing as a society together as Americans? And I, you know, I think if, if we get people talking about that, and, and that's why I say a Marshall Plan, economic patriotism, rebuilding this country. And that doesn't mean old factories. Like it's gonna be the new modern factories. Yeah. New industries. Well, I think people, it's also gonna get weird if people, that some of the greed doesn't end that people are just gonna wanna see the rich start to suffer.


And that's when shit can get really weird. That's when you start getting people in a revolutionary thought. Yeah. But then maybe, who knows? Maybe we just, you know, we just slowly drift off into the ether of our sofa with a Cheez-Its on our chest, you know? I don't know. Some man with fake breasts laying there eating Cheez-Its, you know, and just drifting into the ether of existence. Well, that would be sad if we don't, you know, we, But I, I hope that's not our poll. Revere, right? Yeah. I hope that there is still like a lot of people who believe in something. And I think there is, and I think there's people that want something new. I'm glad, I'm glad that even just saying, asking Mike Johnson for help with that thing, you know, I think that that's neat. Just 'cause I didn't even know that we could do that.


You know? What was anything else we wanted to talk about? We're almost there. Let me see. Oh, one thing that JD Vance said that was really interesting, the first time I spoke with him was he said that a lot of Congress people and representatives will go turn over to be, or senators will turn over to be lobbyists because they don't get paid enough by the government type of situation. Is that true? Take me down a little bit of that discussion where the, the salary's better being a lobbyist than it is to be on, on the this side. Well, he's absolutely right. And it's terrible what happens. I mean, you are in Congress, you're working on the Armed Services Committee o overseeing defense contractors.


Then you'll retire and suddenly you'll become a lobbyist for the defense industry. You'll go from making $170,000 a year to making a million dollars a year. And that's why I have a bill. It's called The Drain the Swamp Act, or my Political Reform Act. And it says, ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. Now, you know, Harry Truman won World War ii. He did more than anyone in Congress put together. Hmm. And he started nato and Harry Truman at the end of his presidency, the guy who wins World War II, sets us up for the post cold post World War II order, writes to someone when they, he was invited to give a speech. He said, I'm a little embarrassed, Betsy, and I can't afford the train ride.


Can you pay for the train ride? Happy to give the speech. Right. It used to be he went into politics not to get rich. And I don't begrudge people who are wealthy. There are a lot of people who are wealthy, but you shouldn't be in public service to make money. And afterwards you can do a lot of things. Go, go do something in ai, go do something else. Don't go and lobby. Don't become a, a member of Congress who's just gonna cash out by lobbying. It's something I will never do, but it's also a ban we should have. And I, you know, maybe we can make that a bipartisan effort. W I I don't see how it couldn't be. 'cause every human wants it on both sides, so I don't see why it just keeps happening. And yeah.


If you're good, your job would being a congressman or a a senator, are they different ones? Yeah. Yeah. Then afterwards you could do tour. Do a tour at all the donut shops. You show up over there. Yeah. People pay in a, in a heartbeat to show up there, take photos and stuff, have a get a hug or something. Get a, get a glazed. Just the one thing they shouldn't do is start a podcast. Politicians podcasts are terrible. Yeah. They're like so boring That Newsom tried it. Yeah. And I mean, it's just kind of, 'cause it's like so stilted and it's not, there's no humor. You gotta have some humor like, you know, the politician by the straight guy, you're gonna need someone who's funny. You need like this conversation. It's kind of all over the place. It's not, it's not like, oh, whoa, what are the poll numbers on this?


And so it's just, I've never seen a politician who had a good, interesting podcast. Yeah. I think that that would be a bit much maybe, but I don't know. Shit. I mean, anybody could do it. It's hard for saying shit right in front of you, sir. Oh no, not that's all. Well, It's, I should have done better. No, not at all. Oh, I did have this question though. We're talking about that you voted in the PA about finances. You voted in the past to ban members of Congress from trading and holding individual stocks. This hasn't happened yet, right? Yeah. Why do you think that hasn't happened? You know, like if Martha Stewart went to prison, then Nancy Pelosi should go to prison. It feels like, you know, well, Look, I I, I, I don't think that Pelosi, in my view, I mean, this has done things that are unethical, but I think that there's this such a trust deficit, okay.


In, in the Congress that people think that the biggest problem is money in politics, right? They're taking all this money from pacs. They're taking all this money from lobbyists, but at the same time, people are concerned if members of Congress are individually trading stock. And so the bill I've supported calling for a ban on stock trading is a no trust act. And it says, you know, put your money in a, a trust, have someone else manage it. Don't be their trading stocks or telling your advisor to trade stocks while you're creating a conflict. And why hasn't anybody gotten a vote? I don't know. I think Johnson can Johnson can get, get us a vote on, I I think it would pass overwhelmingly.


And we've got a bipartisan group that's pushing for a vote on that. But you, if you do the five parts of my political reform plan, ban PAC money, ban Super pacs ban lobbyists from getting money ban members of Congress from ever becoming a lobbyist and ban stock trading in Congress, I think you would start to restore trust in Congress. And some of the MAGA folks actually have liked the plan the most. I had to drain the Swamp Act, which I said, you wanna drain the swamp? How about just telling lobbyists they can't give gifts to White House officials? And someone's like, oh, you only wanted to apply for Donald Trump. No, I was like, I wanted to apply whether there's Donald Trump or, or Democratic president. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, all the things you're saying seem very m like, I think these are things that are super important.


I feel like it's things that feel most people feel are super important. And that's, but but it never, what happens? It's like, it just, like, we talk about these things, everybody's like, yeah. And then it gets to some place where it all, nothing ever really evolves, it feels like. And that's where I feel like we're at now. Instead Hollywood gives us like, here's a Diddy case. Go like, you know, keep the black population at ease. You know, like, or here's a, you know, we'll stretch the NBA finals another week we'll send in a special ref. That'll Are you for the Pacers or Allegedly? I'm for the Pacers. Yeah. I like Halliburton. I I think he's just a super guy. But, but, or yeah, I know. It just, it feels like it never gets there. You, you had, lemme see, my producer would also, you have a, but your family owned stock or you had stock in your family before you got married.


Yeah. How does, how would that relate into a congressman or, or senator owning? Well, Under the co, under the Trust Act, people can, members of Congress and they can be in a trust. They just can't trade stock. Okay. They can't trade stock. And that, I think that that's why I've sponsored the bill. I think that we, what we wanna do is eliminate conflicts. And if you can have the no trust act happen, it says members of Congress cannot trade stock. If there are any assets, they put 'em in a trust and that would eliminate conflicts. But what what what is upsetting to people is people making trades while they're doing policy.


And that's where the conflict is. The federal employees currently aren't allowed to do that. They have to have their money in in some trust. Yeah. Yeah. Because it would almost be, I mean, they sh ethically doesn't make sense, but it would be hard not to, you're in a meeting and you're hearing about this or that to get on your phone and get on your app and, and, and make a trade. You know, heck, if I'm watching a sports center highlighter or something and I see like one of the players has a call or something, I'm betting against that team the next night. You know, like if, you know, if I see Walker Bueller's, you know, if he seems like he's angry about something the next day I'm gonna, I'll probably bet he has a few more strikeouts. Well, the, I I, look, I think the honest truth is there are not many Pete Roses in the Congress. There are not many people, honestly, who are out there trading on information.


You know, all my parties, for example, going after Marjorie Taylor Greene, and she says that she's got an independent advisor who's making the trade. I actually believe her. I believe her. But the problem is that the per, the, the perception perception that has been been created is that people are benefiting from this. So just past the, the no trust act, it's got bipartisan support. People, if they have assets, they can put them in a, in a trust, they can have it independently managed, then you know that they're not sitting there making trades or telling people what to do. Can they legally advise the trust advisor? I mean, wouldn't that be No. They, they, they, they, they, they can't in day, day-to-day trading. They can't. They can, they can set it up, but they can't tell the trust advisor, okay, trade here, trade there.


And it has to be all disclosed. And that, that would assure the American people that you don't have people out there trading on stocks in a way that is that, that they can't. Yeah. You know, the craziest thing is, I just thought sometimes the, one of the benefits of the surveillance system would be that finally we get to see what all these senators and Congress people and, and everybody's up to, you know? Right. I wish you could just tell us like, do a, I wish I had a breathalyzer for if people were being honest or not. That's what we need. That's what we need. That There you go. You that the, the have forced a lie detector test. Next, next time I'm on, maybe I'm gonna have to like do a lie detector while I'm on. Take that back to, to Silicon Valley with you.


Ro Khanna, that's your name. You, You got that? You got the pronunciation. Perfect. I'm getting better. Yeah. I got to get India once I went to Madrass one time and had a really great time. Really, really loved it. A lot of excitement, energy in the faces of the, in the eyes and the smiles of the people there. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Best of luck to you, man. I appreciate you coming on and talking. Keep us out of Iran, unless we're already there. I know we've been on the air for a couple hours, so knows. But Well, with Massey, we're gonna do it together and with your, your advocacy and keep up your voice. You know, I, it gives me hope that we got people like you out there just speaking from your heart. And don't let anyone say You don't know what you're talking about. You know, you know a lot more of what you're talking about than a lot of the people running this country.


But thank you much so much. Thank you so much for your time. Yep. Appreciate You. Now I'm just falling on the, and I feel, I'm like these leaves. I must be corner when I, I.