
Your payments are showing. But with Apple Cash, your payments are private by design. There are no public feeds. Send and receive money privately in messages or with tap to cash. Switch to Apple Cash. Apple Cash services are provided by green.bank member FDIC.


We're coming into the last few dates for return of the Rat Tour will be in Philadelphia, Rochester, New York, Detroit, Michigan, Los Angeles, Anaheim, and Oceanside. You can get your tickets only at Theo Von dot com slash TN. Theo, thank you to everyone that has shown support. Love. Y'all wanted to mention that Governor Tim Walls was gonna be a guest on the podcast this week, but there was a shooting amongst some of his coworkers, colleagues, Minnesota lawmakers, and so they're obviously very bereaved up there and, and we wish them peace and prayers and hope to catch up with him another time.


Just advising that this episode was recorded late last week. I was on tour and so we couldn't get it all put together, but we're happy to get it out today. Today's guest is a congressman from Kentucky's fourth district. He is from Appalachia and he got a master's degree at MIT before he got into politics. He's a member of the Republican party, but he's a bit of a rogue guy. He does things his own way and I'm fortunate today to spend time with Congressman Thomas Massie.


All right, Thomas Massie. Thanks for coming in, man. Absolutely. Good To see you dude. Good to be here. Just had to cross the state border to get here. Yeah, That's what I see from Kentucky. And you, you drove like, you just took me into your home, in your camper home vehicle. It's a F two 50 with a truck camper, and I lived for two solid years in it in dc. Still occasionally do. And where would you park that thing at? Well, I don't want to disclose where I parked, but I did get in trouble. I parked the truck camper. It's a super duty. It's got a, even though it fits in the back of a pickup, it's got a shower, bathroom, stove, and a fridge. Oh. It felt super when I was in there, that living arrangement in there, I could have definitely cozied up.


It felt very cool. The milk felt cold in there. We had a little cup of milk, which is definitely, it's a lot raw milk. Yeah, I'm sure. Hopefully Don't tell anybody across state lines with that, but, so here's a funny story. I was parking this truck camper in DC in a congressional lot and it got hotter than the hinges of hell in the summertime in this parking lot. Yeah. So I ran a little extension cord over to the electric car charging station so I could run the air conditioner on my camper at night. Well, the cops like to park. They didn't know I was living in this camper. And I would park close to a sprinter van and the cops would park between me and the sprinter van to take a nap at night. Oh, So everybody's working together.


Yeah, I would look out the camper and do a wellness check on 'em at night. They didn't know I was looking out for him. But anyways, one night That's diplomacy's how it all works. It's like everybody's kind of hiding a little bit behind the other group. One night it was like that movie bridge over the river quad, they found my 50 foot extension cord and followed it over to the electric car charging station. And he said, damn, there's somebody living in this truck. Yeah. So my chief of staff got a call from the speaker's chief of staff and he said, we think your boss is living in lot 28. And he said, what do you mean in a pickup truck? Yeah. And I, and I, I told my chief, don't call him back, let me settle this. So we have a don't ask, don't tell arrangement. As long as I don't start a KOA or something in the congressional lot, I can live there If the cops are getting a little bit of shuteye, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. You're able to operate a grill, you know, or a little two stroke motor in there. Something to keep the blender working. Well, you know, I gotta mix my medical margaritas in there and keep the raw milk cold. So what I eventually did was cover it in solar panels and took off the old air conditioner and put a mini split on the back. So it looks like the millennial falcon now. Oh yeah. It definitely looks like the guy that's in there. It definitely seems like you want to get his fingerprints. I feel that has a kode vibe outside of it, you know? But that's, that's, isn't it a lot of your vibe is that you're off the grid? I've heard that. Yeah. Off the grid in the camper and off the grid at home. So I haven't bought public utilities in 20 years.


Wow. And that, you know, that kind of ties into when I go to DC that gives me some independence because if all, if everything goes to hell and I'm no longer a congressman and I don't have a job, I still got a house where all my own utilities are taken care of. It's, it runs off solar, got a backup generator, got a well that I dug and it, it just gives you the sense that Okay, things the, the worst day in Kentucky is better than my best day in DC And this is you right here? This is some Oh, this is you right here? Yeah. Yeah. That's one of my gardens. And there's some of my chickens c clucking around. Oh yeah. I built a mobile pen that moves with the chickens to keep the coyotes from eating them.


Now it's like a Roomba, think of a Roomba with 50 chickens in it. Okay. Moving around in my yard. It runs on solar, collects drained water, and it takes care of my chickens when I'm not there. And what makes it move? How does that even work? Bring that up. Trevin, can you give me so we can see what I'm looking at? I don't have any footage of it on here, but I call it, so I, it first ran off batteries and a solar panel and the batteries went dead. And I'm like, this sucks. I don't like taking batteries to a landfill because I was trying to come up with a greenway to raise chickens. So I figured out a way to do it with super capacitors. There's no battery in it. And the super capacitors never wear out. And I call it the CLX capacitor. Is this kind of an example? It Looks like. Yeah. That's what it's like. Except the Yeah, except mine moves itself.


Mine's like a Roomba version that's robotic. And so what is the point of it moving? Well, the, you know, chicken's poop and You don't want 'em walking around in their own poop. Oh yeah. They also like to eat a certain amount of grass and bugs. And so this gives 'em fresh forage and it keeps 'em out of their poop. They don't get disease. It fertilizes my yard, it mows my grass. Everything's all happy in the clu capacitor. I gotta get a damn chicken dude. Or a little batch of chickens. I gotta get something. I almost bought my mom two goats, but she, like, for years, she's like, give me some goats. And then, then she didn't want, she just has a problem with everything. But anyway. So what is a flux capacitor?


Flux Capacitor. Okay. What is an actual, what is a, it's The circuit that I designed. So I'm a double E by training, electrical engineer by training. And I just had to come up with some way to keep my chickens alive and keep 'em healthy while I went to dc. So I came up with this circuit board that's got capacitors, that trickle charge from a little solar panel the size of a sheet of paper. And it's got an automotive winch in the front so it can pull itself even if it weighs 2,500 pounds. Wow. Along a cable. So you don't have, you don't pay an electric bill? No electric bill, no water bill, no sewer bill. I do have an internet bill 'cause I use starlink. Oh Yeah. And is that legal? Are you allowed to legally be a person like that?


Well, you know, they tried to bring more regulation to our county 20 years ago before I was a congressman. And I wrote letters to the editor and mobilized people and we stopped them from bringing more regulation to our county. So it's still legal where I live. Wow. 'cause this is, it seems like a very, like libertarian or almost like demo. Like a lot of the ideas seem almost very like something you would see like on the Democratic party, which sounds kinda wild, you know? Oh, I, I say I'm the greenest member of Congress and no Democrat has come after me. No fact checker has ever tried to check that fact. 'cause they know it's true. Wow. It's kinda crazy that the greenest member, you know, with the term greenest is now a Republican. 'cause you wouldn't necessarily think that. No, you Wouldn't think that. Yeah. I mean, I have a Tesla that charges off the solar panels on my house, collect rainwater.


I dug, well. I've got a bunch of trees that I'm not cutting down. They are bringing in all kinds of CO2. Although I like CO2, I wish I had more because it makes my peaches get bigger on my farm. Oh yeah. My, I raise grass fed cattle. And what kind of, which kind of group do you have helping you over there? Because I, I don't think you can't get out there first thing every day and do it all. I do it myself. 90% of it. I mean, if I'm in DC and the cattle get loose, I got a neighbor. You know, you gotta have some neighbors that'll help you. Oh yeah. And the deal is I'll help 'em when they need help. Oh, there's a picture of my cattle. They are Angus crossed with Wagyu. I call 'em wgu. Oh wow. Wgu beef. It's a little, oh yeah. It's a little urban over there.


Definitely. That's definitely, There's, there's the, you know, not the black sheep, but the white cow. He kinda stands out. I say, I feel like that white cow in DC some days the like, do I really belong in this herd? Yeah. Yeah. You seem like a little bit of like an outset or I think like, or you know, like a black sheep or like a maverick. I feel like people say if they talk about a maverick and they say Thomas Massey, you know, how much money do you save by living the way that you do like off grid? You know, I don't think I've saved a dime. It costs a lot to do it. You can save money by heating your house with wood, which I do. But you, if you start counting the, how much you're paying yourself when you chopped that wood is probably about $3 an hour.


Right. And I could go work at Dollar General and make more money than I do when I save money. Heat my house with wood. So if I were completely, you know, poor, I could keep living. But to set all that up took, took a large investment, it'll probably pay off by the time I die. So you just want to end the book with even, Even book zero. Yeah. Yeah. Just clear the tab when I leave the bar. No debt. No debt. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you always wonder like, okay, I want to live off the grid I want, but there's a, there's a real cost to it, but a lot of that cost is sweat equity. Do you feel like Yeah, It's sweat equity and it'll, it'll pay back unlike what we're doing in DC I mean, if we were borrowing money in DC to fund the future, I could be for borrowing money.


The problem is up there. It's not like on my farm where you invest in fences and you invest in livestock and DC we're just pissing away the money and living on basically our seed corn. We are taking what should be saved for the next generation and spending it now. Is That how you feel? Yeah. It's, we're robbing the next generation, but it's got so bad we're robbing ourselves five years from now. Right. It's getting that close. Yeah. I've heard you talk about, are you talking about the national debt overall? Yeah. Okay. I've heard you talk a lot about it and I see you got your Yeah, This is my, my debt bench. It shows I've got three levels of brightness. So if you wear it to the movies, you can tone it down and not blind your date, but, okay.


So I've got on the brightest level there. Hopefully your camera could see it. Yeah. I wear this every second. I'm in the House of Representatives. I wear it in hearings, I wear it in elevators with Democrats. They think it's how many steps I've taken. But I built this using my electrical engineering degree. I came up with this idea and I built it. It's got wifi once a day. It connects to treasury.gov and calibrates to the penny. So it's the most accurate debt representation that you can have. In fact, holy shit, dude. It's, let me Make sure it's, you're like Mark Zucker Twain. This, this is, I brought you one as a gift. No. Yeah, brother. So, oh Hell yeah, dude.


You can just stare at the numbers. Just spinning all day long. It's, it's an, yeah, it just clips onto your pocket there. But what Kinda woman am I gonna meet wearing this though? Oh, Man. Of, I don't know what kind you've been meeting, but you've really upped your game with that thing you Think? Yeah. They're gonna think I am way Broke. I, I had, I had a female congressman staring at my chest the other day and I had to tell her my eyes were up here and then she asked if I would make a belt buckle out of it. Oh damn brother. Yeah. People want it all nowadays. People just wanna see your damn wiener if they can for free. Sometimes I'm like, get away from me, but let's talk about the national debt. Yeah. Actually, 'cause can you explain it to me?


A lot of people don't even understand the national debt. We hear about it. What is the amount Right now too? It's, Well, we don't even really know. I mean, this is the regime number. The one that treasury publishes is 36.2 trillion, roughly Trillion dollars. Okay. Yeah. Now you see this one online, it's not that accurate. Like it's off by a a few hundred billion. We, we were shipping these debt clocks. I don't make 'em, but my son-in-law makes 'em and sells 'em. And he had somebody go online and find this debt counter and say, oh, you sold me a faulty debt badge. And he's like, no, ours calibrates with treasury every day. It's so sad that we can't even get a de even our debt clock doesn't even, it's like at least invest in the fucking clock that shows the debt.


Right. Well, what they might be trying to do there online is anticipate when we lift the debt limit, like Right now we've hit the debt limit. So it's stuck at $36.2 trillion every day. They sort of reset the number until Congress raises the debt limit. Ah. Now you say, how did they do that? Well, they start selling off the postal workers pension fund. They take the money that's been saved up to pay your postman his retirement. And they use that to fund other parts of the government. They can only do that for a few months. And that's what we've been doing for, you know, the first six months of this presidency. And pretty soon we're gonna run out of all those extra things we can spend that We're leveraging basically.


Yeah. We're leveraging all that and they're gonna have to pay it all back. So we're really probably are closer to 36.6 or 36.8 trillion. And but is that a common practice like leveraging, like pensions or, I don't wanna say like Medicaid and Medicare. They're not leveraging that, right? Oh, Anything they can get their hands on, they liquidate it and they spend it, for instance, to buy bombs and send them overseas that all that deficit spending Right now is not funded by treasury bonds. That all the new deficit spending is funded by, you know, the, the, the trust funds that have been established that might have money in Them. Okay. I'm a little confused on that.


Well, it's like, it's, it's like this Theo, the, let's say you saved up for your kids' college. Okay. They've been going to college and you got enough to pay the next semester of college, but your credit card comes in and the, your credit card gets canceled. So instead of renewing your credit card, you just spend your kids', you know, next tranche of tuition or something. But you gotta find that money before the next semester comes back or else they get kicked outta School. Okay. And so how do we find that money? Like, 'cause obviously we repeatedly, Well, Congress is gonna pass a law here in the next few weeks and and they're just gonna say, oh, well there's no debt limit.


It's now $5 trillion higher than what we Said. They move the limit up, they Move the limit up, they get a new credit card, they go out, they start borrowing new money to pay off the money they've borrowed. And it's a vicious cycle. Got it. And it's obviously, it's a cycle that we've been in for a long time, I think to the point where like, the national debt doesn't even make sense to people. Right. It's like, here's my question is who do we owe the money to? Some of it is owed to institutional investors like the big banks in the United States. Some of it is owed to sovereign wealth funds like China, Japan, other countries that buy our debt. For us, it's, and here's, here's the problem.


Right now they're telling us we don't want to buy your debt at 2% or 3% or 4%. We want at least 5% return. And so everybody thinks the Federal Reserve is setting interest rates. You know, there's all this discussion. Will the Fed raise the rate? Will the fed lower the rate? The reality Right now is the Fed can't do much because if they lower the rate to let's say 4% that that, and try to tell people to buy our debt at 4%, the people who normally buy our debt, those foreign countries and those institutional investors are saying, you are not a good investment at 4%. We want 5%. And that's, that's a big problem because just to put it in perspective, you know, let's, let's round this number.


If it were $30 trillion and we were paying 5%, that's, that's, that is $16,000 per family. I've already done the math. I'm not doing all that in my head Right now, but it's $16,000 per family of interest that we are paying. Got it. So when you pay your taxes for your family, the first $16,000 goes to nothing except for the interest that's paid to those foreign countries and to the big bankers. But, So we're never gonna defeat this number. You know, we might get in a situation like Puerto Rico got into a few years ago where the people said, we're just not loaning you anymore. And you know, what happens that day? It's actually kind of a, it'll be scary for a lot of people from MIT.


It would be a good day because that's the day we have to balance the budget. When people say, we're not gonna loan you anymore money, you're not a good investment. We don't trust that you'll pay it back. That is the day that you can only spend as much money as you take in on any given week. And are, are a lot of people in Congress aware of this and like, battling it or it just seems like, it's almost seems like we don't even hear about, like, it seems like it's one of those things you hear about during the election cycle and that's about it. You know, Like, We're gonna balance the budget and it never happens. No one ever balances the budget. Like, do you think anyone ev either one of these parties even want to balance the budget? No, they're not serious about it. It's why I built the debt badge to like shove it in their face every day.


And it's still, they're still not concerned about it. I mean, they're a little bit concerned, but as long as they can get reelected, they're not that concerned. Right. And I don't blame them for all of it. I blame the American people who keep reelecting people who, because they tell them you can have these things and it won't cost anything. Hmm. So I, I hear people talk about like mass deportations and there's a hundred billion to DHS and, and 50 billion to DOJ to do mass deportations. Well, we know we, it's not, it doesn't cost that whatever Trump has intended to do, it's not gonna cost $150 billion. But people say, I don't care what it costs.


And the reason they say, I don't care what it costs is they don't think they're paying it. Hmm. Yeah. They Don't care what anything costs. They don't care what war in the Middle East costs 'cause they don't see that they're paying it. Well, It's all gotten so confusing. And when you, when you start with communication with people, even on a financial front of this Hogwarts number, right? Yes. When you start, 'cause we all learn basic math in school. Yeah. Some of us learn algebra, some of us going to learn some higher maths. Right. But the, when you, when you starting with this, we, the regular person doesn't know where to begin, you feel literally like numerically defeated out of the gate, right? Yeah. The average person, because it's like, how, what's impossible?


Here's, so this sets everything up with impossibility, right? So I think that's why we've gotten so far, we've gotten, you know, two generations now into complete impossibility of, of, of numerical reality when it comes to even having some of the discussions, I think. Does that make any sense? No, that makes sense. It's virtual reality, right? You did the last five digits on this deck counter. They change about $80,000 a second. That's like a cyber truck being launched into the ocean every second. Like boom, boom, boom, boom. That's how much debt we're taking on. Well, So the, I hope the new model looks a little bit different. I I have a cyber truck, but, and the do Yeah.


And the model, It's put my camper in it. Oh, That. Yeah. We prob I don't know if he could fit it in there. I Don't think so. That's why I have it F two 50, Dude. Yeah. I think I need to get something that fucking, I want something that it feels like it'll, you'll burn a death when you hit something. You know what I'm saying? That's what I like about something that's got some real fuel in it. But this thing, yeah, this thing definitely, Oh, there's one with a camper, but I think the New Orleans will have camp, like better camper abilities. There's no way to get out of the inside, like through the back window Right now. Yeah. And it kind of feels like you just work for Lowe's, but you never drop off what you're delivering. You always like, where does this go? You know, like how much meat's in here? It just has that very like whirlpool or Frigidaire kind of energy. But it does go very fast.


You almost feel like you could beat an email somewhere. Like that bitch is fast. Dude. The big, let's, let's talk, since we're talking about debt, let's talk a little bit about, about the, the big beautiful bill, right? Yeah. And it, you you oppose it. Yeah. Right. And there's reasons that I've learned recently that I oppose it. I, I don't know a ton of them, but there's, I I know some of my reasons, but I don't know what everything it's in the bill. Why are you against it? Because it's, well, it's, it's not gonna help our debt. No. That, that's the first big lie that's told about the big beautiful bill. You can finagle the numbers. The big beautiful bill looks at a 10 year spending window. Okay.


And what it does is in the next five years, it's gonna add to the deficit. Like nobody disputes that even the number crunchers that work for the president know that's gonna happen. What they're claiming is five years from now, it will start to break even and reduce the deficit. The problem is the people I serve with, a lot of 'em aren't gonna be there five years from now. Right. The president Trump's not gonna be there five years from now. This big beautiful bill doesn't force people five years from now to do that. It suggests that they should do that and it will do that unless somebody does something different. But they're gonna do something different. Five years from now, we'll get to that point and they'll say, oh my gosh, that congress five years ago set up a fiscal cliff.


We're gonna be hit with tax increases on seniors. We're gonna be hit with tax on tips. Yeah. We're gonna be hit with tax on overtime. We're, oh my gosh, the military's not gonna get as much money as it got last year. We gotta do something about this. And so what they'll do is they'll cut taxes again and they'll increase spending again. And this deficit will never go down. And I'm not even talking about the debt. The deficit is how much you add to the debt every year. It's about $2 trillion. It's gonna be above $2 trillion next year. And far as I, far as the, I can see, But I got to talk with JD Vance a couple of weeks ago and he was talking about, but that a lot of what's happening now is still because of the last party that was in.


Yeah. And a lot of it's still because of what Trump did when he was in last time. So I I'm just Wondering how far it's, it's, it's tough to occur. Like as a regular person, it's tough to correlate how far up or downstream you are from whatever, who was actually responsible for whatever's occurring. Does that make sense? It does make sense. But you know, in 2020 we had COVID hit and they put a $2 trillion spending bill on the floor. And they, I, I was the only one who would oppose it. I said, this is gonna, cause this was Trump was president and Pelosi was speaker, but they were working together. I said, this is gonna cause massive inflation. You're gonna have shortages in the stores and this is gonna last for years. And the inflation, once it happens, the prices will never go back down.


And that's exactly what happened. They, they said Congressman Massey, the president's chief of staff at the time told me, he said it was Mark Meadows who's a friend of mine, we both worked together in Congress. He said, the reason this is $2 trillion is so we don't have to pass another one of these. Hmm. It's just gonna be painful once, well, guess what, by the time December rolled around under Trump, we passed another one of these stimulus packages that was over a trillion dollars. And don't forget, people got a $1,200 check the first time and they got a $600 check the second time. I told folks, that's the cheese and the trap that most of you know, that $1,200 check, you multiply that times the number of families in the United States. It wasn't 5% of the spending in that bill. Most of that money went to corporations and banks eventually.


Yeah. And So everybody's responsible for it. Everybody wants to point to, to the other party for it. But, you know, it's, I don't wanna upset too many people who like wrestling, but it's like the WWE F Okay. Or Oh, it's felt like this for years. I think everything is turning into w to the WWE e Yeah. Everything, it's all, it's all like optics and the way things are shot. And this is out there and this is what you believe. It's like interviews that are just to get the hype and then they off stage, they're all in the, you know, in the locker room list. Like, you know, rubbing GHB on each other's backs and stuff like that and graming out. You know, let Me, let me tell you something that probably will shock your listeners, whether they're Republican or Democrat.


Mike Johnson, since he's been the speaker, and he's only been the speaker for less than two years, has put 183 Democrat bills on the floor and passed them. What did he trade for that? Like, I thought we were breaking chairs over top of the Democrats heads in the back room. No, that's not what's Happening. Is that true? Yeah. How do I look that up? Go to congress.gov and Mike Johnson's outta Shreveport. Yep. He's the speaker of the house. Oh yeah. But you can see you, you like, if you, I'm not sure how you look it up here@congress.gov, but you, if you spend enough time here and look at every bill that's passed since he's been speaker a hundred, and, and I'm not talking about the special bills that reassign committee members.


I'm talking about bills that do something 183 Democrat sponsored bills. And you might say, Theo, well, the Democrats have good ideas. Okay, we should put their bills on the floor. Well, if I had a good idea, what Speaker Johnson would do would take that bill from me, put somebody else's name on it and put it on the floor. Like if there's something that needs to get done, why would you let a Democrat get credit for it if you're in this Mortal KO with the other party? But as he made a lot of Republican bills passed too. Yeah, there have been, yeah, there's been way more Republican bills than Democrat bills. But why is he even passed one Democrat bill? Well, I think, don't you wanna work with the other team? And it's like, isn't it, isn't there diplomacy and everything like, you know what I'm saying?


Like, you have to, like, there's a give and take to everything. I feel like We got the majority, like why are we putting their bills on the floor? Why would we go in that direction? I understand in the Senate you need 60 votes, so you gotta have a Democrat, Two Democrats. But some of bills are good. Right. If Thomas Massey has a good bill, they'll put another Republican's name on it and pass it. But, but, but I, I can't understand what you're saying here. I guess I'm a little bit confused. Are you saying that Mr. Johnson, who is the, He's the speaker of the house, Of the house that he, because bills get brought to him, he puts 'em on the floor. Yeah. Right. He's the one who's like, okay, let's put this on the floor and take it to a vote. Right. And you're saying that he, he's done that with more democratic led bills than Republican led bills?


No, he's done it with 183 Democratic bills. He's probably, there's probably been hun, several hundred Republican bills. My question though is why would you put one on, if you're engaged in this kind of mortal koba for the soul of the country and he's, and he acts like that, it's because people aren't paying attention to what's going on there. Oh, I agree. That I, I think people aren't paying attention. I think it's, there's so it's all so confusing, I think to the regular person. It is that it's, that it feels like, it feels like it, the ship sailed long ago from us being at the dock, looking each other in the eyes with some sense of hope. Congress is this big giant black box and people can't see what's going on inside of that black box.


They know they're electing their congressmen and to their senators and the president and they're sending them to Washington DC and then they don't understand what comes outta that box. I've been in that box for 12 years. Okay. And that's, I think that's sort of what my role has evolved to, which is to just try to tell people what's going on inside of the box so that they can do a better job of picking congressmen and senators. That's what I always think. I'm like, if somebody would just get elected just to get in there and tell us what's, we don't even fucking we'll we'll buy you a Volvo or whatever Fucking, You know what I'm saying? We'll give you some Taiwan semiconductor shares, but just Tell Us what's happening in there.


Somebody fucking look in there and just throw a note out and be like, Hey, this is what's really going on. And now the problem we start to get into is there's so much like pandering and everything and on like the so much social media use to like try and disguise who the messenger is. It really turns into a game. And I think that is one thing that's, that's the only joy of it is watching the, like, the masters of this just Game of Thrones type of energy. Go on. But how do, So the biggest, I'll tell you Right now, it's this is, this would be 50% of solving the problem. It's not a silver bullet, but it's a lot of it. Get rid of the giant bills.


Okay. The omnibus bills, the continuing resolutions, and even the big beautiful bill, why not put that shit on the floor one at a time? I agree. And, and then that way your, you can go to your representative or your senators and say, why did you vote for that? Right? Now they can say, well Theo, I had to vote for it. I had a pay raise for soldiers. Right, right. They literally will put a pay raise for soldiers in every freaking bill giant bill so that if you vote against it, you have to go back home and watch TV ads that say he voted against a pay raise for the soldiers. Right. Even though he may have voted for a, for 90 other amazing things on the bill.


Right, right, right. And that was the one, that was one thing that was tied in there that if you went this way, you know, yeah. It may have been like oxygen for grandmothers. Right. Literally. There probably is that in there. But if you vote for oxygen for grandmothers and you cannot, they're not gonna give. So I, I see what you're saying, but I, I voted against oxygen for grandmothers so many times they can't even run that ad anymore. It doesn't even seem real.


Hotels in Las Vegas may be booked solid this weekend, but there's one vacancy left to be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab your own crown at Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of UFC Toria takes on Oli Vera to fill the vacant men's lightweight title. And Alessandra Pantoja defends his flyaway belt against Kai Cara France in the co-main event. Who am I taking? Wa I'd love to see Olive olive RA win by submission. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. Well just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. It's that easy. And if you're new to DraftKings, check this out. New customers who bet $5 will get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Sportsbook app now and use code Theo. That's code THEO for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


What happens when your health becomes the punchline From seed oils to stress, toxins to pollutants. The modern world is screwing with our health at the cellular level, leading to exhaustion, brain fog, digestive issues and more. But here's the thing, you don't have to settle for feeling like garbage. 24 7 Armra colostrum is nature's original health hack, packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that fortify gut integrity, strengthen immunity, revitalize hair growth, fuel stamina, elevate, focus, and help you function like a human. Again, I take armor colostrum, it's easy. I make my smoothie. I open the packet, bam. Put it in there and I know it's going to help me. We've worked out a special offer for our audience. Receive 15% off your first order. Go to try armor.com/theo or enter Theo to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/t.


It's an interesting time for business. Tariff and trade policies are dynamic supply chains, squeezed and cash flow tighter than ever. If your business can adapt in real time, you are in a world of hurt. You need visibility from global shipments to tariff impacts to real time cash flow. That's Netsuite by Oracle, your AI powered business management suite, trusted by over 41,000 businesses. Netsuite is the number one cloud ERP for many reasons. It brings accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into one suite. If I needed this product, it's what I would use. It's one system full control. Tame the chaos with Netsuite. If your revenues are at least in the seven figures, download the free ebook, Navigating Global Trade. Three Insights for leaders at Netsuite dot com slash t. That's N-E-T-S-U-I-T e.com/t HEO Netsuite dot com slash theo.


Has there ever been a bill that was like, okay, we want to stop these omnibus bills and bring up omnibus Bill? We looked it up the other day when Omni Mr. Vance was here, but I just want to go over it again. An omnibus bill is proposed law that covers a number of diverse or unrelated topics. Omnibus is derived from Latin, it means two four by width or from everything. An omnibus bill is a single document that is accepted in a single vote by a legislator, but packages together several measures into one or combined diverse subjects. So it's not even really fair because you only get one vote on the bill. Correct. What? And, and not, and, and so typically an omnibus bill, it includes at least 12 other bills.


'cause there the 1974 Budget Control Act, there's a law that says we're supposed to do these bills separately. So we've already tried the law. We already tried that, Theo, they just suspend that rule, those budget rules every year. Okay. So but some take me through this moment so I don't, so I don't stray from it so people can be so I can, so I can understand it. So like, give me two examples of things that would be on an omnibus bill that would be that there's no way for a voter to win that. There's no way for Oh, okay. A representative to vote and win on. Okay. Well the, the, the easiest, let me just take something topical. The big, big beautiful bill inside of that big beautiful bill is a provision for artificial intelligence corporations that says No, 10 Years.


10 years, Yeah. For 10 years. No state or local locality can regulate them. And then it talks about zoning and routing, which if you, you know, some of your listeners may have seen this, like locally, somebody's, some big corporation wants to put a data center in your backyard. Well, that's what Congress is trying to do. They're trying to say that these corporations can override local zoning laws. That the local zoning board should take a backseat and let this big information center show up in your backyard that uses all kinds of water and all kinds of power and puts out all kinds of RF and has, you know, Oh yeah, your fucking cousin's gonna be walking down the street just fucking, you know, just fucking screaming out Amazon orders.


You know, it's gonna be, the shit that's gonna start happening is gonna be crazy. You're literally gonna be driving down the road with your windows open and, and an old gust of 5G remnants from blockbuster emails that never got out of a got out of a, got out of got uploaded are just gonna pass through your fucking vehicle. Shit's gonna get cr insane. You're gonna have babies that are born with advertisements like birthmarks that show up as this fucking, this is set of twins with Nike logos on them. What is happening, man? So, So that's in the big beautiful bill. Okay. And you can know that's evil. You can know that's bad. And, and Trump never campaigned on that. But also in that bill is to enforce our borders, okay.


To finish the wall, right? So if you're a Republican and you vote for that bill, okay, you supported enforcing the border, but you also let AI basically take over your local and state governments, okay? And then if you vote against it, well then you're against the AI provision. But oh my gosh, you're for open borders, you know? Right. You're for, you don't want to support the military. There was a hundred billion dollars in there for the military. Yeah. There was, oh, you want to tax seniors. There was a tax cut for seniors. There was an extension of the tax cuts from 2017. I voted for the 2017 tax cuts, but I voted against this 2025 bill.


'cause it's got a lot of crap in there that doesn't belong and it's gonna balloon our deficit. Right. So you can't win for losing. And so I don't blame a lot of my colleagues. Like they, they come to Congress, they have the best intentions and you get there and you're like, oh my gosh, this whole game is rigged. How, how am I gonna play it? Am I gonna call it out? Will that get, will that be the best for my constituents who elected me or should I play along? And most of them choose to play along. Yeah. And you can't, can't really blame them. They feel like, oh, my fiduciary duty to the people who elected me is to get as much as I can up here.


And if I piss off the Trump and I piss off Mike Johnson, I can't get any table scraps. But the reality is they're not even getting table scraps. They're trading. I say every week congressman trade their votes for magic beans that never sprout. Mm. Like Jack in the beans stock, he trades the cow for magic beans. The difference is Jack got beans that sprouted my congressman. They're not getting gas vouchers. They're not getting a Cracker Barrel gift certificate either. So, so explain to me how that part works. So that's a part that I don't understand. 'cause you mentioned a little while ago, you're like, I could have a bill and I put it forward. 'cause Mike Johnson seems like a good guy. He doesn't seem like somebody that would take something that was yours and make it somebody else's. Like, I don't understand what you're, so I don't understand what you're saying.


Like how does that work? And take me through like, like how can you put a bill out and people would know it's your bill. I mean, obviously is there information online that says this is a bill that Thomas Massey made? Or that any person made, like any representative made You, the other thing they'll do with your bills is they'll stick 'em in another bill. Okay. Let, let's, I'll give you an example. Yeah. Show me how you're saying that people aren't even getting the scraps or whatever. You know what I'm saying? Right. Take me through some of that. Well, they're not, Theo, I tell people, I joke with my colleagues up there. They're like, man, see why you're not a sellout. I'm just like, I look at 'em in the eye. I say I'm biggest sellout up here. Like I would sell out for Snickers bar, but you guys aren't even getting a Snickers bar.


You're not getting a bridge in your district. You're not getting a new exit off the interstate. Yeah. You're not getting anything for your vote. Like the, nobody's ever offered me anything up there of value. I'm not, I don't even know myself. I could be, the biggest sell out there is, there's just no trade up there that's, that's worth taking. And so mostly people are trying to stay relevant and get reelected. Right. That makes perfect sense. Right. Everybody's looking out for themselves in a sense. But you would think at some point that even that would lose its appeal when you look around your town or your community and you see that like, oh man, by not really benefiting the people, it's every like, it's all falling apart.


You know, by not really benefiting the country, it's falling apart and fuck, I'm starting to sound like a downer again. I don't wanna do that. It should, It should. But take me through, take me through what you're talking about, how you put a bill up and it doesn't get labeled yours that, so it's plagiarism or, so I don't understand what you're saying. Well, and then if you do get something done by working inside of the system, they'll just, you won't get any credit for it. So for instance, when Ron Paul left Congress, I came into Congress and I introduced, That's Randy's daddy. Yep. Rand's dad. I introduced a lot of Ron Paul's bills and one was the in industrial Hemp Farming Act. 'cause it was illegal. They treated hemp just like marijuana. It was illegal to grow it according to federal government.


So I introduced that bill and I got a lot of co-sponsors and I, I figured out a way to work with Democrats and get it into the Farm Bill. Now it was a Republican farm bill that I got it into, but I needed Democrat and Republican votes to do it. And I got it in the Farm bill. But now, like people online say, oh, Congressman Massey. And it became law, by the way, and people can grow industrial hemp in all 50 states. Yeah. That's the end of the, you know, that's the rest of the story. Oh Yeah. A lot of chicks that don't wear deodorant are working on those, working on those places. And no offense ladies, I don't mind it, but yeah, no, I'm glad that we have another product in our country, you know? Right. And so that became law, that was one of my bills, but nobody ever gives me credit for it because it wasn't a separate bill that said, and by the way, I voted for that crap sandwich, the, the farm bill, which is a big giant bill.


And then I took crap for voting for that because it had my thing in it. But now I don't get credit for it. But I've, I haven't particularly had bills where somebody took my name off them and put somebody else's name. But my colleagues have. Okay. So So you haven't had that exact thing happen to you for Mike Johnson? No. But you've seen it happen. Yeah. You're saying, okay. And If it did, I wouldn't care that much. I mean, if it's a good bill Right. Make it happen. But a lot of people, you know, they, they need to go back to their district and say, I got this done. Oh, I see. So a lot of times people don't know from the, from their congress people or their representatives that they actually got this thing done. Right. Right. So there's a communication issue there.


And then there's another thing that happens, like some congressman gets to DC and they have this bill they wanted to pass even before he was a congressman. And they say, we'll put your name on it and then you'll get credit for it. And then the congressman has no idea about the subject or anything. So I had, there was a bill that came to the floor. It was about opioids. Okay. And I voted against it and the sponsor of the bill comes up to me and says, why did you vote against my bill? And I said, well, I'm not against research or things like that at the federal level, but this is basically a form of Obamacare. And I thought we were against that. Like, 'cause this had treatment and stuff, which should be handled at the state level.


And he looked at me, he said, you're right. He said, I'd vote against this too if it weren't my bill. He said the leadership gave it to me and told me to bring it to the floor and it would help me get reelected. Wow. I, I swear to the Lord above that is an exact conversation I had on the floor. Yeah. Oh, I believe you did Congressman from Wisconsin. He's still there. He is. Yeah. White guy. Bet, huh? Oh yeah. That was A guess dude. That was a Guess by the way. But not to pick on him because that year we passed like 38 opioid bills. Yeah. They're all redundant. They just gave everybody, they were trying to get reelected. They give them an opioid bill.


Oh yeah. I mean they were renewing more prescriptions for opioid bills than they were opioids. That's the craziest fucking part of the, and the Sackler family never went to fucking jail. And some people believe that the Sackler family should be electrocuted. Allegedly. I don't know 'em and I don't even know if electricity would work on their fucking sick evil bodies. Is that slander for saying that? Can I go to jail for saying that I might be a death threat? Huh? You can, but I can't. So maybe I should say it. There's something in the Constitution called the speech or debate clause. And so I can go to the floor of the House of Representatives and lie. I can tell every lie I want and nobody can do anything about it. And it's called the Speech or Debate clause.


Our staff. Yeah. Look this up. The Speech or debate clause found in Article one, section six of the US Constitution protects members of Congress from being questioned in any other place for their speech or debate in either house. So lemme read it again. Protects members of Congress from being questioned in any other place. Which means you can't be questioned in a courtroom. You can't be sued. No way. You can't be. Now read the next sentence though, because it's, there's a good reason for it. This clause rooted in historical struggles for parliamentary independence, aims to safeguard the independence and integrity of the legislative branch by preventing interference from the executive or judicial branches. S So, so when people, you know, even our founders, this is a, this is a hard pill to swallow.


Okay. But even, I'm still a bit confused at this moment. Well even our founders thought that some, there were some laws that shouldn't apply to congressmen because if they did, they would get abused. And like a Democrat president would arrest members of Congress for saying things on the floor of the house. 'cause it ha that's what the king did back in England. The king would arrest members of parliament if he didn't like what they said. Ah, I see what you're saying. Or You could get a private individual to sue a member of Congress for something they said. And then that would basically freeze the debate. And members of Congress would be afraid to speak. They would send their speeches to lawyers before they said them.


You know, if this didn't exist. I see what you're saying. So This is kind of a fascinating little part of our constitution. And even though it seems wrong to give members of Congress extra first Amendment protection, the founders thought this was the best way to do it. It was. So You could go to court Right now and lie on the stand. No, I can lie about anything, but I gotta be on the floor of the house or it has to be attached to my official business. So I'm probably covered on social media and I could just say defamatory things about you. I could release natural national secrets and, and this also covers my staff as well.


Hmm. God, interesting. But can you But am I gonna go to jail for calling him a Sackler? Say, say they got electrocuted. Yeah, probably. Shit. So what I do to bleep it out? No, you need to run for Congress. Oh, that's Hilarious dude. And I only say, I don't really even say those words myself. I just say that on the, this, it's the spirit of hundreds of thousands of opioid addicts who died channeling through me for just a brief second. Forgive me, I'm back. Alright. It starts to feel like neither party. Wait, wait. So could I, I I'm thinking about this. Could we ask, could Mike Johnson put a bill on the floor about the omnibus thing?


Yeah. And then we could see who would voted for it and vote against it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He could, but he's not going to. Right. 'cause it would be too dangerous. It's, It's way too dangerous. I mean, the lobbyists love it that way. Yeah. They, they love the opaqueness of that black box that Americans can't look into it and see what's going on. Yeah. Because they're inside the black box. Oh sure. They get to, they get to craft language, language and special provisions in those big giant bills. And they're so big and we don't, we're not given time to read them. But you gotta remember the o like a lot of my colleagues wouldn't read these bills even if they were given three months to read them. What they're, what they're doing by rushing these bills through is they're not who doing the congressman, they're who doing the public.


Of course. No, I think it makes perfect sense. It's like, 'cause we just send one set of eyes and eye and brain up there to handle something, you know, or a couple sets. Yeah. If you have a few reps and then it's, but it's so much information at once. It's all, it's, it's all the same thing. It's literally like a passing by. It's like with a car passing by, you can get an idea of what's on it. You can look at the wheels, you can check the exhaust, you know, might be able to see who's in there. Yeah. But when a bus goes by, you're like, fuck, I don't know, you know, was a driver awake. You know, that's kind of like, you know, that's how it, that's how it certainly starts to appear. Appear my Question. And the, and the wind is, are painted black on the bus. Oh Yeah dude. And somebody wrote, just married to a trans man on the windows with chalk or whatever, with window paint.


Here's my question. Is anybody representing the people anymore? 'cause it kind of feels like, it used to feel like you at the parties were against each other and now it feels like it's the government versus the people. That's what it feels like. I think it is. I mean, I call it the Uniparty. Last year, Marjorie Taylor Greene and I introduced a resolution to oust Mike Johnson after Mike Johnson put a bill on the floor and was the tie-breaking vote to send more money to Ukraine after he passed another omnibus after he passed another bill to spy on Americans using mostly Democrat votes. 'cause a lot of Republicans are waking up to that and didn't vote for it.


After he did like three or four really bad things. Marjorie and I put a resolution on the floor. Which you think are bad things. Right? I think They're bad things. Okay. Spying. Spying on Americans sending all the money to Ukraine. Yeah, I think they are. I think they're not Republican priorities. And so, and he's a Republican speaker. So we put a resolution on the floor to vacate the speaker's office. And What does that mean To get a new speaker? Get a new speaker. Okay. And typically no Democrat will vote for that. And if he, if he doesn't have enough Republicans su, to sustain that vote, he will lose. And you get a new speaker. Why would no Democrat vote for that? Well, for the first time in history, they did, like, they did vote to keep Mike Johnson because the, it was as good as they've ever had it.


They were getting everything they wanted. You believe He was helping their party? Yeah, he was helping their party. So they kept him in power. So it is really hard to change things. You can occasionally get people to try, but the consequences of trying and losing can be great. Like, they call up all the lobbyists and say, quit giving money right. To that member of Congress. They'll call up donors in your district. They'll call up constituents and have constituents call you up. Or the, the new thing recently is to fund social media campaigns. The NRCC, national Republican Congressional Committee, they spend money on Twitter influencers who then do things against, who knows what I mean?


They're directing them. That part isn't transparent, but it's directed toward me. For instance, our own party is, is coordinating efforts against me. Well, Then at that point, that's what I'm saying. It's, there's a party that's, it's them against you, which is Okay, I've got a thick skin. Right. But I'm just saying, it feels like it's, it feels like it's, you guys are playing this game, but it's all against the voter. None of it is for the voter anymore. It doesn't, you know what I'm saying? It's like, yeah. It feels like, I don't know. It just feels like it's, it's, it's the voter against the politicians and it's, it just starts to feel really, really scary. For sure. Have you thought about becoming an independent? Or is that not a, is that too, is that, is that, is that death?


I, I've thought about it a lot. And one of the things that surprised me when I got to Congress is there's two of everything. So there's two cloak rooms. There's a Democrat croak room. Wait, Say that part again? There's a democrat, cloakroom Cloakroom and a Republican cloakroom. This is like, when you show up to vote, there's a little clubhouse, two little clubhouses attached to Congress. You can go back there and get a hot dog and a hot ham and cheese and ice cream sandwich. Oh yeah. Get a hot blonde too, huh? That is our cloakroom right there on the right. Is that really? Yeah, you go back there. Although there's some computers as well that's looking in one direction. If you look in the other direction, there's a sandwich. They're not showing the sandwich bar.


Oh yeah. I'd Love a little, oh, there's the sandwich bar. Yeah, that's it. Oh, that's, that's it. Yeah. Now that's the Are old, huh? That's The Democrat cloakroom. The Republican one looks just the same. Okay. Okay. But here's the thing. Gimme a Little mortadella. Huh? There's only two cloak rooms. So if you were truly independent and you came to Congress, there'd be nowhere to get a hot dog or to call people. Go in there and call their lobbyist friends. Yeah. Like during votes, you'll get a call and, and they'll say, Hey, don't dare vote for this. Or, or maybe they'll call up a member of congress will go to the cloak room and call and ask for advice. Any case. There's also things called backroom on every committee you've heard of backroom deals.


I, I couldn't believe it when I got to Congress, people are using the word backroom because there are back rooms behind the committee rooms where you go back and do your huddle, but there's only two huddles. There's the Democrat huddle and the republican huddle, and there's only two back rooms. So I, I say if you were an independent, you're going against the architecture. It's not just tradition. It's built into marble and oak. Wow. There can only be two parties. That's how strong they have put it in, you know? And if you're bipartisan, that means you, you like both parties. I say that if you're, I'm not bipartisan. I'm transpartisan Trans means you can't identify with either.


Some days, I don't know which cloak room to go into. Wow. Some days they don't want me in either cloak room, so I feel like I'm a transpartisan. Well, at least you can just be out in the van outside, you know? That's Right. Some days I have gone out to the camper and just like, drink some raw milk and just be like, we're so screwed. Let's go back in and, and try it. But I think it is hard. It would be really hard to have an independent party or to get elected as an independent, I think. Yes, That's true. Would but, But never forget this. There's really like six parties up there in DC and they've been shoehorned into two different cloakroom. Right. And so you got pick which, and so Either way, if you had a separate party, you're kind of still in one cloakroom or the other.


He's kind of, kind of still in one huddle or the other. Yeah. So there's, there's a, a guy from Maine, his name's Angus King. He's a senator, and he runs as an independent. And he, and he gets elected as an independent, and then he goes into Democrat cloakroom. So yeah, that's him. Oh yeah. He definitely looks like a Maine guy. So he gets elected Undeniably wears a raincoat at night. You May, you may have heard the term Rhino Republican in name only. I have a friend who calls him an, I know, an independent in name only because he gets elected as an independent and, and Bernie Sanders did this too. And then caucuses with the Democrats.


You know, I've been involved with different financial groups that sponsor the program over the years, but none has really piqued my interest as much as acorns. Sometimes it feels like the whole world is trying to spend your money. Your social media is full of ads. Your mailbox is full of credit cards. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to feel like financial wellness is impossible. Acorns gives you small, simple steps to get you and your money on track. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You just need to stick with it. And Acorns makes that easy too. You can create your Acorns account and start investing in just five minutes. Yep. I just got my nieces and nephews set up with Acorns and I couldn't be happier to see them learning how to save. Sign up now and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash theo. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/t to get your $20 bonus investment Today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC an SE registered investment advisor view. Important disclosures at acorns com slash the


You are a startup founder. Finding product market fit is probably your number one priority. But to land bigger customers, you also need security compliance. And obtaining your SOC two or your ISO 27 0 0 1 certification can open those big doors, but they take time and energy pulling you away from building and shipping. That's where Vanta comes in. Vanta is the all in one compliance solution, helping startups like yours get audit ready and build a strong security foundation quickly and painlessly. How Vanta automates the manual security tasks that slow you down, helping you streamline your audit. And the platform connects you with trusted experts to build your program, auditors to get you through audits quickly. And a marketplace for essentials like pen testing. So whether you're closing your first deal or gearing up for growth, Vanta makes compliance easy. Join over 9,000 companies, including Y Combinator and Techstars startups who trust Vanta, simplify compliance and get $1,000 off at Vanta dot com slash THEO. That's VANT a.com/theo for $1,000 off.


So one of the ways, and I wrote some of my questions down today. One of the big things that people talk about all the time these days are lobbyists, right? And lobbies and how much of a, an effect that they have on our elected officials. How much is it, I mean, how much are these pacs really controlling things? Quite a bit. There's some aspects of lobbying that people don't think about. Like for instance, I think they're just as many lobbyists over at the White House as they are in Congress, because a lot, So what do you mean that some people are almost just elected lobbyists? Well, no, they spend their time talking to White House officials because even though we're the legislators, the White House sends recommendations for bills.


And if the same party is in powering the White House and in Congress, like the big beautiful bill, for instance, the, the legislation can initiate over in the White House. And so lobbyists, I'm just saying if you think of lobbyists talking to your senator and your congressman, they're all over dc. They're talking to bureaucrats, they're talking to people, cabinet secretaries, because they know it's sometimes easier to get written into the budget if they're over their lobbying. Another thing to know about lobbyists, I mean, there's lobbyists for the Alzheimer's victims or people who have Alzheimer's. There are lobbyists. Really? Yeah.


There are lobbyists for people with rare blood disorders. Okay. There's lobbyists for the concrete association. If, if there is a group of people, they have lobbyists. And so they're in some people's enemies. Lobbyist enemies are other people's lobbying friends. Like there are pro Second Amendment lobbyists who are up there fighting for the Second Amendment. And you know, the Democrats hate those lobbyists, but the, those are lobbyists that Republicans kind of like. So the question is, you know, and sometimes my constituents, they don't know how to get to DC and how to talk to all the congressmen from Kentucky and both senators.


And so they hire lobbyists to come and do that. I don't know that I would outlaw lobbyists. Sometimes they're actually helpful. Like let's say the concrete lobbyist, you got the, you got the concrete lobbyists fighting with the asphalt lobbyists on what's going to be the road surface. Okay, well if all you hear is from the asphalt lobbyists, you would just buy asphalt and then you hear from the concrete lobbyists. And so it's really, to get to the truth, you need adversarial opinions. The, the problem is, I wouldn't blame the lobbyists for advocating for their group of people.


I would blame the congressman who basically put that crap in the bills. And again, I would go back to separating the votes. How do you know that your congressman is sold out to big pharma? For instance, if big pharma is only one, one 10th of the bill, right? And there's pay raises for veterans in there. Ah, so they can hide the fact that they're selling out over here by buying in over here. Yeah. Mm. God, it almost sounds fun. Now there's, there's one group of lobbyists I don't think really should exist or should have access to, to US offices.


And those are foreign lobbyists. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've heard you talk about this before and I've heard a lot of people are talking about it now. Yeah. It's definitely become a hot topic. And APAC is one of the big ones. And is it, that stands for American American Israeli Political. It's not a, it's not a, a fund. It didn't start out as a super pac, so Political action committee. Public affairs committee. There we Go. Public Affairs Committee, American Israel Public Affairs Committee. Now, a lot of times PAC stands for political action committee, like you said, but these guys were started before there were political action committees. So it stands for Public Affairs Committee. Got it. And they bragged that they've spent more on elections than any other lobbying group In the world.


In the United States. In the United States, in, in, you know, in Congress. Okay. They now do have a political action committee, and I forget what the, the name of it is. So APAC has a subsidiary that spends money to ba to basically crack heads and of congressmen. So there's two kinds of, by the way, there are two kinds of lobbying groups. There's access lobbying, that's where they're all your friends. They're never mean to you. They would, even if they don't like you, they'll buy you a steak dinner and they'll try to get you to hear out their point of view. And they figure, as long as I can get in that person's office, I'm, I'm doing well for the people I'm lobbying for.


Okay. But then there are confrontational lobbyists like apac. And APAC has transitioned into a confrontational lobbying group where if you don't do what they want, they come after you. Wow. And what does it look like? They spend $400,000 against me in my last election, and they are basically advertised themselves as just all things Israel. They are lobbying for more money to go to Israel, which all the money we give to Israel is military money. So they are basically lobbyists for the military industrial complex. Got it. Understood. And I'll ask you some questions about that, the military industrial complex in a few minutes.


But do you feel like Israel is a fair ally? Are they a good ally for us? Well, Or is that too general of a question? Well, I think it doesn't matter. Like there's no big giant, great Bri Britain lobby. There's no Australian lobby. There's no German lobby. Oh, the other countries don't have them. No, no. Not like this. This is singular, this is unique. I mean, if you're an ally, why wouldn't we work with you? Right. Why do you have to convince us that you're our ally? Why do you have to basically go into every congressional office and convince them? And it's because they want to keep the money flowing and that they've got a good return on their investment.


I mean, we send more foreign aid to Israel than to any other country. Yeah. They're, you know, like 10 million people or something. Yeah. I think this year, Tennessee, I don't know this population in Tennessee, but it's probably about, you know, on that order. Yeah. I think this year they said we spent like $12 billion. But that's not actual dollars. It's in military aid, right? Yeah, it's, well, it's, it's dollars comes out the treasury. Yeah. But it's not like we give them, it's a, it's a gift certificate that's redeemable at Lockheed Martin and your local Raytheon, you know? Okay. Got it. So that's kind of how that works. Yeah. Okay. Got it. Why? Yeah, why do they have this car carve out that's just for them?


Like what, like what do we get from Israel? Do you feel like We got a lot of countries that hate us. Yeah. It's one of the things we get, Well, especially Right now with this stuff in Gaza, it's, I think it's Israel's, it's one of the worst PR campaigns I've ever seen in my life. If they're even, I have no, it doesn't make any sense to me. It's like, I, I just don't, it gives their government this extremely evil look to me, you know? And I think to a lot of people, you know, well, Rough numbers, they're 2 million people in Gaza and 50,000 have been killed. That's two and a half percent. Like they've killed one in 40 people in Gaza.


If you, if you did that in the United States, if you did two and a half percent of, of 350 million, it'd be almost 10 million people dead. Yeah. In the United States. You, everybody in Gaza is at, at this point, related to somebody who's been killed. I know, like at least the first cousin you had killed. And then if you say how many have been maimed, it's probably three or four times that. So everybody in Gaza knows people who've been killed and maimed and we're Supporting it. Right. That's the, also the, also the part that makes it really tough sometimes to just be a person. It's like, we, our tax money is going towards this, but I just hope that people in some of these other countries know that, you know, it's not regular everyday people who would want to do these things.


You know, that it's like governments making these choices and it's corporate interests that make these choices. How do we, how would we stop it? Well, do we need this connection with Israel? What is it? No one ever explains what it's for. I feel like Right. That would help everybody have a much better understanding, you know, because it starts to feel like America is just a shell company, an LLC for Israel. That's what it starts to feel like a lot of times. You know? Do you feel like that that's realistic? Or do you feel like that that's off base? I would, I wouldn't send them a dime. Like that's my position. I don't think whatever we're getting isn't worth it. And don't ask me to articulate the benefit, because I think the cost is greater than the benefit you could, everybody in Gaza is at this point, has to hate Israel.


Right. And by extension, those bombs, when they see American politicians go over there and like, sign the fricking bombs that are gonna kill women and children, What do we actually, there was just a clip with Ted Cruz that came up. Can you see if, if you can find that Trevon where Yeah. Where Tucker Carlson was interviewing Ted Cruz. Lemme see. This is a scary interview during the Tucker Carlson interview with Ted Cruz. It's confirmed Israel's version of the CIA called Mossad spies. Oh, it's about spying. It's like what we get. Let's, let's just watch it for a second. Yeah. Does Masad share all of its intelligence with us? Oh, probably not, but they share a lot. We don't share all of our intelligence with them, but we share a lot. It's a close lot. Do they Spy domestically in the United States?


Oh, they probably do. And we do as well. And, and friends and allies spy on each other. And, and I assume you do. Why? I assume all of our allies spy on us. That, and that's okay With you. You know what, one of the things about being a conservative is that you're not naive and utopian. You, you, you don't think humans are all Part of the reason socialism doesn't work is, is the, the, the mantra from each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs, doesn't work as a conservative, I assume people act in their rational self-interest. It's why The free market works so's conservative to pay people to spy on you. It's conservative to recognize that human beings act in their own self-interest. And every one of our friends spies on us. And I'm not, do you Like it? That's my question. I'm not asking whether they have motive to do, but of course they do.


I understand that. And I, and by the way, Mr. I'm not mad at Them. You're an American lawmaker. So I, I wanna know, hold on. I wanna know your attitude. You said that your guiding principle, in fact, the only principle, the only criterion I said Guiding the overwhelming, I wouldn't say only is, is It an America's interest? Is it an America's interest for Israel toy on us, including on the president? It is an America's interest to be closely allied with Israel. Okay. 'cause we get, he What do we get? That's the thing. It's painful to watch that. So when I am in a room with somebody and they say, can I talk to you? You know, just frankly, is anybody listening? I say, well, there's three nation states plus our own in my phone.


Yeah. There's there's gonna be Russia, China and Israel. They're in our phone. No, not yours. Like, it's a lot of effort to anybody can be hacked. Okay. Oh, I thought one of the reasons I got to go to Qatar recently, and I wonder if they hacked my phone. I thought they were good. I, I don't know if that's crazy. I think it's probably continuously hacked. Okay. That's what I'm thinking. I, I, it just seems like everything's hacked. Now I get scared, you know, but, But if, if you're Not, I play the Israeli national anthem every 45 minutes. Look, Amazon and Facebook know what you're saying in your phone. Right. But probably Israel and, and Russia and China aren't devoting that effort and internet traffic, which can become detectable to us.


Right. To, yeah. Right. But you're probably, you know, why wouldn't you be trying to hear what the 535 people in Washington DC who vote on bills, what they are thinking? Mm. And then, you know, also, there, there are allegedly some congressmen who indulge in insider trading. But I would guess that there are probably some hackers who are also inside a congressman's phones trying to figure out what the sentiment is in Washington DC and then trading on that. Wow. So there's always this extra layer kind of going along, going on, it feels like. Yeah. But what do you think we get from Israel?


I think that's just a big question. I think it's okay as a regular person, and I might get killed or something by Masad or something, but what do we get from them as a country? Like, is there, I think there's just, that's a big question America has Right now. Is there something we just don't see? And if there is, just tell us us what it is so we can operate accordingly. You know? No, I, I think they're the best lobbying group in Washington DC and the reason they can do it is you have dual citizens, people who are American and Israeli, who are allowed to give money into American politics. And because they're American, and by virtue of that, you're allowed to participate.


But if you're a foreign national, you're not allowed to. So they're one of the few countries that can donate money to what? To super pacs to members of Congress. Other Countries are, aren't allowed to do that. Well, I mean, they could if you were dual citizens, but there's not so many dual citizens as it were. But, or is it, but could somebody be a Russian and American dual citizen? Yeah. And serving and serving in a Congress, or, Sure. And donate to Congressmen. By the way, I have introduced a bill that would require members of Congress to disclose if they are dual citizens. And I think that's only fair, Right? 'cause Right now you could have allegiance to another country, not just the U S A.


Correct. We swear, an allegiance. When you're a member of Congress to the Constitution, I always like to point this out. We're we're not swearing it to the country. We're not swearing it to the president. We're not swearing it to our party. We swear it to the Constitution. And other countries have constitutions too. What if you've taken allegiance to two different constitutions like the American? I'm not, and I'm not even, my bill wouldn't even keep you from being a member of Congress. It would just say, you have to disclose it if you are, and it, and, and by the way, it wouldn't necessarily just be Israel members of Congress who are also citizens of Israel. It could be other countries as well. I just think it creates a conflict of interest.


And, you know, I have to disclose yearly, which stocks I own. I have to disclose all my personal financial information so that the voters can decide if I am unduly influenced by that conflict of interest. And so that's the structure of my bill. My bill, just, it's a, an election disclosure. Okay. You're running for Congress. Bring it up. Tell us, tell us which countries you are a Representative. Thomas Massey announces the introduction of HR 2356, the Dual Loyalty Disclosure Act, representative Massey's legislation and Men's of Federal Election Campaign Act to require candidates for federal office to disclose both their possession of dual citizenship and also the foreign country in which their dual citizenship is held.


So Right now, we don't have to No, people don't have to disclose. Nope. They don't. What? You would have no idea. Have you seen spies like us? Dude, It's also, by the way, it's a safety net, by the way. If you, if something went really bad, you could just go live in your other country. Yeah. I think you should be all in for this country. I agree. This ain't the fucking hokey pokey dude. I think you gotta have both feet in, or both feet out. You know what I'm saying? Dude, I, I just, I, I, and but, but, but any country this could happen. It could be. So that's not just Israel. Correct? It could be any country. It could be, But, but Israel's the only one that has a big lobby.


So for, Is there the Russian, like Russia PAC or whatever? No, there is not. Like I say, there's not even Australia Pac or, or Great Britain Pac. I mean, because they're natural allies. Yeah. Why would they have to lobby Congress? They're also not on our tee, like asking for money. Yeah. But I think it's also, there's this, it's a weird amalgamation of, of combined interests. There's a military industrial complex that is all in for everything APAC is for. And ah, and before I banned APAC from my office, we used to have conversations that would go something like this, oh, you should be for the foreign aid that goes to Israel.


Because it all comes back to United States in the form of military spending. We're buying it all from American contractors. And be like, no, that's not a convincing argument to me. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, I don't even know what it's about, but it seems like bullshit to me. How, how does America make money off of war? Right? Like, I get that, you know, we sell things, this and that, but how is that such a business? Right? You know, it's like, how do we let this happen? Well, the, the answer is America doesn't make money off of war. A few people in America do make money off of war, and they make a lot of money off of war. So they want the, the music to keep going.


They don't want the music to stop. Right. And as soon as, you know, Biden was serious about getting out of Afghanistan and did get us out of Afghanistan, and we were spending, by the way, we were still spending $50 billion a year in Afghanistan after 20 years, as soon as he got us out of there, guess what? We start spending an average of $50 billion a year in Ukraine. And now that that's winding down, guess what? This thing in Iran is heating up. And regardless of whether our troops engage directly, those are all American munitions. And those stocks are, you know, the people who run those companies are excited that now, you know, as soon as we deplete our stockpiles, we're gonna have to fill 'em back up.


Like, it's not like they're holding a bunch of inventory, but the US government does. Those are ostensibly, those are weapons that are supposed to defend us that are now being used. And so they know we'll buy them back. And I, I have this theory that there's about $50 billion a year of things that need to get blown up and replaced in order for that segment of the economy to stay healthy. Wow. And then there was a real push to get out of Ukraine to quit spending money there. And we almost succeeded. Like I said before, the tie-breaking vote was Mike Johnson. It would the bill passed by just one vote. And a lot of times the speaker doesn't even vote, but he voted in that case to make sure that Ukraine got that money.


But isn't it, I mean, it's also, I think it's admirable that a guy is willing to go against their own party's interest. Right? Like, that part to me seems like a part of like, you know what I'm saying? Like not just to be in line all the time with everything's. Well, that Could be me. Right. Sometimes. Right, right. That's what I'm saying. Oh, totally. Yeah. So it's, that's what I, that I think that's a little bit of the thing I don't get about some of this stuff whenever we talk about Mike Johnson is like, if he, like, there's difference. There's in going against like just what your party's gonna do. Right? Right. If You're, if you're staying true to your party's principles, I think it's admirable. But when you're betraying your party's principles, I don't think it is because you've campaigned on one thing and now you're doing something different.


Got it. And, and the reality is the speaker has so much power up there. He's in training dozens of more people who rely on him to get reelected. And the, the, by the way, the lobbyist, in addition to focusing on the executive branch, they spend a lot of their effort on the, on just the speaker in the speaker's office. What do you, what do you think has kept us in all Ukraine so long? I mean, obviously, you know, we wanna be supportive of people that are struggling, right? We wanna help out people. You know, it feels like as an American especially, that's part of like our creed and what you feel in your heart is like, if you can be helpful to another group. Right? So I certainly see that as something that we want to keep involved in foreign conflicts, even though a lot of times I'm like, why are we involved in these conflicts over there?


What is it I think that I don't understand, maybe about the, or about Russia and Ukraine? Or do you think that that's part of just the military industrial tab that we have to fill? I think we have agitated Russia to the point by expanding nato. We, we just keep adding countries closer and closer to their backyard that are in a military alliance with us. And the situation in Ukraine, we also toppled their government in 2014. The, the United States did, We did, yeah. Bring That up. We, yeah, bring that up. You can see that the, the government changed air and we, we had our hands all over that.


Lemme see. In 2014, Ukraine experienced a period of intense political upheaval culminating in the removal of President Victor Yanukovich the event, often referred to as a revolution of dignity or Euro mate Maan involved widespread protests against Yana CO's policies, particularly his decision to reject the trade agreement with the European Union in favor of closer ties with Russia. So we didn't want him to have, have closure ties with Russia. So we overthrew them. Yeah. I mean, we went in and fomented those protests. Our CIA did, our state department, you know, Victoria Newland was part of that. So this was just another thing. You think we started laying the seeds in advance to get to, to get to this point.


Yeah. I don't think it would've ever happened if, if we weren't involved in fomenting this and then talking about bringing them into NATO after we poked Putin in the eye here. And, And the whole point was just to get to a war to help fill out the tab, you're saying? Yeah. Yeah. That's, and that's a part of it. Like, that's, that's sort of Massey's law. There has to Beano, there has to be $50 billion of stuff that gets blown up that is made by American military industrial complex in order to keep them going. And if it's not, they'll, they'll just spend more effort in making that happen. Got it. Rather than go outta business. Yeah. Oh.


I think once you get used to something, you get used to it. Oh, here's the thing I was gonna say before, when, when we got close to not funding Ukraine under Mike Johnson, the Biden administration sent a letter to Congress to each of us, everybody in Congress got one of these letters listing all the states who had they, they call it the defense industrial base. Now, because military industrial complex has a bad connotation, you need Rebranding. Yeah. So it's dib, DIB, the defense industrial base. They showed how every, almost every state in the union benefits from military spending and why you should, that was their argument.


Not that there was some noble cause or to help out a struggling group of people. Like you said, the argument that the Biden administration was making was, it was in congressman's financial, the financial best interests of their districts in order to vote for this bill. So at least now they're just saying it's, it's a business. Yeah. And give them an a for honesty. Yeah. They're at least saying, Yeah, feed the machine. Yeah. Feed the machine. But doesn't that also cost human lives? Like if our military has to get involved? It does. That's the, you know, these are now they're supposedly sanitary wars where our kids don't have to die. But I think it's disgusting when, you know, we've had members of the Senate at least say that this is a great, we're grinding down Russia's military capability and we don't have to spill any of our blood.


But I mean, how perverted is that, that you're, you're grinding up Ukrainians right. Bodies in order to grind up Russian bodies. And that somehow that's in the best interest of the United States. I'll, I'll give, I don't wanna say his name, but I'll give that senator credit for being honest, at least. Yeah. But I think it's disgusting. Yeah. I mean, I think it's, we just have so much capability to manipulate so many situations, you know, and I don't understand, like, actually I, it's silly to say I don't understand anymore if I believe that part of the military industrial complex or the defense Industrial base, Industrial base needs to keep, keep collecting.


You know? It makes sense. It's a business. Everything kind of, I mean, that's one of the downsides of capitalism, I guess, you know, in a weird way, is that everything kind of can become a business. You know, even like the beauties of trying to be supportive of other countries or trying to help out people, you know, and, And that that's in addition to the trillion dollars a year we're now spending on the military in, in the United States. That's about what Congress allocates. And this, this is all catching up to us because now the interest that we're paying is about a trillion dollars a year. Hmm. So, because we've engaged for two or three decades and all of these overseas wars, we've racked up such a tab that we're paying more in interest than, there you go, than we are in the military industrial complex.


And the, you know, on the screen there, it says 849 billion. Don't forget, there's another a hundred billion in the big beautiful bill that they snuck in there and they sneak in another 50 billion somewhere else when, so it's about a trillion. But look, look up the interest on the debt now too. We're Oh, the interest on the debt. It, it matches our GDP Right now, the interest, I think it's about 35 mil. 35 trillion a year is our, that that's the Debt. But the interest on the debt matches the, how much we spend on all of our defense. Ah, it's, it's a trillion dollars if you look up interest. What's the interest on the debt last year? That's insane. Do you think that we should have a war with Iran?


I know you got you and Hanana, which is so crazy that he was here the other day and then here you are. 'cause it was just like, what are the odds? You know, like, right. And no, we didn't plan that because we didn't know Israel was gonna bomb Iran and that Oh No, a month ago I knew that you were probably gonna come. We've been talking about it. Yeah. But then Roe, he and I just decided like five days ago, so it was just crazy before I even knew that the bill that you guys had put that together, he said that that made it so that, that there had to be a 15 day moratorium before you went to war. Is that correct? Can you explain it to me? No. That we can get a vote within 15 days of, of this bill being introduced unless Speaker Johnson does something sneaky. So there's a law that says if Roanna and I, in, in which we did introduce this War Powers resolution, the law says that Speaker Johnson needs to bring this to the floor for a vote if the committee doesn't act on it, and the committee's not gonna act on it.


By the way, I introduce this on Tuesday, and it's just been a few days. We have 37 co-sponsors already. Now it, whether you think we should be engaged in a war with Iran or not, I would hope that your listeners understand that or, or agree that it's important that their members of Congress vote on whether that happens or not. And before, just to give you some historical perspective, before George Bush Sr. Went, attacked Iraq, there was a vote of Congress to do that. It wasn't a declaration of war, it was to authorize use of military force.


Before George Bush Jr. Went into Afghanistan, there was a vote of Congress. And before we went into Iraq, again, there was a vote of Congress. What's being discussed Right now in the news is this notion that the president could just join in on the bombing of Iran without a vote of Congress. Hmm. It's, the Constitution requires Congress to vote. Like that's our authority is to declare war. So why Do you need this bill then, if it's already a law? Well, this is, this is prescribed by that law. Basically somebody has to bring it to a vote. I see. And so I stepped up and I asked Roanna if he wanted to join me on this, and he did.


And we've been collecting like a dozen co-sponsors a day since then. So it's you guys just saying, Hey guys, we have to vote on this. We have to vote. They can't just say it and we have to do it. Correct. Right. And what what's funny is whenever it's the other guy in the White House, if like, if a Democrat's in the White House, Republicans and the Democrat wants to wage war, the Republicans agree with this principle that I'm saying. Right. And if it's a Republican in the White House, it's the other way. It's the other way. The Democrats agree with the principle that Congress needs to vote on it. But we've got this interesting situation where there's a Republican in the White House and Republicans control Congress. And so it's, I don't have a single Republican co-sponsor for my bill yet.


For, for two reasons. Number one, they're afraid of apac, the, the, you know, American Israel, because Israel Wants admit Y has been wanting to fight over there forever. Yeah. For two decades. And There's videos of him saying like how he's been. Yeah. How he's been wanting to Yeah, I've seen it. Anyway. It could be ai. I have no idea. No, it's real. For two decades he's been saying they're weeks away from a nuclear weapon. So do you believe that? And even by the way, even if they are, Pakistan's got a nuclear weapon, India's got a nuclear weapon. Nobody's talking about bombing them. Yeah. And the, the other reality is, look, South Africa, people forget this, used to have nuclear weapons.


A country of 30 million people developed nuclear capability on their own in the seventies. Like, we need to be preparing to defend our own country. I Agree. I don't know what the fuck we're doing over there. I don't understand it. And we've almost dug so many holes over there, and it's like, it just feels so far away from people. Like why is it over there starting All this shit? You know? And when, when we have problems in our own country and they're basic problems and they never get solved, it's the same thing. Instead, like Hollywood creates, like, what about the Diddy trial that'll keep you entertained for fucking three months, you know? Or like some, here's some shit, here's a pedophile, la da da da. You know, it just, it's always the same fucking thing. I call those weapons of mass distraction.


Yeah. There's always a weapon of mass distraction that comes up. What do you, do you think that Trump wants a war in Iran? No, I don't. Yeah. I actually don't. And I've talked to him on the phone about this. When do you remember there was a Iran general from Iran called Soleimani, who was basically taken out while he was in Iraq during the first Trump presidency. Bring Up Soleimani. Yeah, There You go. Ooh, interesting looking guy. He almost looks like two different people put into one head. So they took him out when Trump was president. Was He a good guy or bad guy? Bad Guy. Okay. Okay. And then, and I, I'm not here to litigate that, but Trump was talking about attacking Iran after that.


I think they shot down one of our drones. And so tensions were escalating and the Democrats put a bill on the floor to say that you can't go, basically, like my bill this time says you can't go to war without a vote of Congress. And I vote, I was one of three Republicans who voted for that resolution. But Trump found out I was going to vote for it. And he called me up and tried to talk me out of voting for it. And in that conversation we talked about war with Iran. And he genuinely, I do believe he genuinely didn't want war with Iran. His argument to me was that if we, if Congress gave him the authority to threaten them, that he could keep us out of a war with the threat.


I see. So that's a strategy. It is A strategy. The problem with the strategy I told him was, okay, if I vote to give you that authority to declare war or on your own, you know, preemptively conversation, How do I know it will happen? Well, what if they call your bluff and then now we're in a war? And I don't get a chance to vote on it because I just said, we don't need to vote on it. And, and he was not happy with that reasoning, but, Well, 'cause I guess, I guess his thought would be, well, if I tell you I'm not gonna do it no matter what, then why wouldn't you support me? Probably. Yeah. But you can't know that.


He won't. And by the way he told me, he said, I am more libertarian than you are. Really? Oh man. He, Donald Trump is an interesting guy, man. I, what are you, what an anomaly of a human being, I think. Right. He is. They'll, there'll never be another person like him. Yeah. Particularly not one that becomes president. And I've been on his good side and I've been on his bad side. And it seems like every couple years it flips. Yeah. I saw Didn't you get uninvited to the picnic or something? Was that a thing that, was that a real thing that happened? I saw that Was a real thing that Happened. A meme about or something that you got uninvited to the, At the last minute I got re-invited. But this goes back to 2020 during COVID, I, I was the only one who said we're, you know, this CARES act is going to bankrupt the country, basically.


It's gonna cause massive inflation and shortages. So I opposed that. And the president called me, he was upset with me that I would force Congress to return during COVID and vote. And basically all I said was, look, this was during COVID, they wanted to spend $2 trillion by, by unanimous consent. I said, if truckers have to work and farmers have to work and nurses have to work, why, why doesn't Congress show up and vote on this? Yeah. So he, at the time, he called me a third rate grandstander and said, I should be thrown outta Congress. The media immediately like descended on me and said, what did I have to say for myself? 'cause he was tweeting all of this. And they said, well, I'm at least second rate.


Come on. Yeah, yeah. Help me out here. Two years later, he endorsed me for a reelection. And then most recently, Bobby Kennedy, you know, joined a coalition with the president for Moham, make America Healthy again. And you, you know, you can do that through the National Institute of Health and FDA and CDC and all that. But also our food supply is a big important part of that. So Bobby Kennedy was advocating from MIT to be the Secretary of Agriculture. And he and I have been talking about it for weeks. This was before Trump won the election last fall.


And there's a lot of agriculture out of Kentucky. That would've been great. It it would've been great. Would it something you were interested in? I, yes, definitely. 'cause I think there are a lot of things we could do to basically reinvigorate and empower small farmers to, to make healthy food and, and grow local economies, things like that. And so I was all in, and Bobby Kennedy's team spent a lot of time on it. And I told him, this was like in October before the election, I said, I think there's one problem with your plan. And he said, what's that? And I said, I've not endorsed Trump. And he said, well, it sounds like you need to endorse Trump. Mm. Do you think that was a strategy? Or do you think that it was No, he was genuine. Yeah, I would think so. And I agreed with him.


So I said, well, how do we announce it? And he said, well come out to Wisconsin Tuesday, and Tulsi and I are doing this rally and just come up on stage and announce it there. And I'm thinking, man, I don't want to go to Wisconsin in October to, to do this. 'cause I had a lot of other things on my plate at that time. And so I put it off for a day. I did look at plane tickets to go to Wisconsin. I, I typed out an endorsement of Trump on my iPhone, read it back to myself. And I woke up the next morning and I thought, God, this is the day I gotta do this. So Trump, when my wife passed away last summer, he had left a very nice message. I would've obviously taken his call, but when, you know, I was inundated with calls.


But he left a really nice message of condolences that Was thoughtful of him. And so it was, and that's side people don't see. Right. I, I actually campaigned for Ron DeSantis and Trump felt compelled to leave that message, even though I hadn't endorsed him. It was very thoughtful message. So I sit down, I'm in a hotel in Orlando, and I woke up and I went and I listened to that message and I thought, all right, I'm going to talk to his staff about going to Wisconsin and doing this endorsement. So I, I dialed the number and on the second ring I hear, hello, this is Donald. And I was like, oh shit. That's his cell number. And he's like, two weeks from prison or president.


Nobody knows. Yeah's. That's awesome. That's crazy. And he's taken my call To America And I was taken off guard. 'cause I thought, I, I was like, now what do you do? What Do you freaking do, Thomas? I'm sitting here in my boxers in a Marriott. Oh. Like, God, at least go outside and stand up. You weren't sitting down, were you? No. Because your audio, your vol, your volume's better if you walk around where you're talking to Somebody. So the first thing I did was to thank him for leaving the message. Oh, that's good. About my wife because I I had my whole time. I hadn't done that yet. Hmm. And he said, that's a hard one. That's a very hard one. You know, Arnold Palmer, he played around a lot, but he did love his wife. And when she passed away, it, it almost killed Arnie.


I mean, it was tough on Arnie hub, but he's a tough cookie. You, you are a tough cookie too. And you know, you, you are like, Arnie, you'll get through this. And he goes, I take it back. You're much tougher than Arnie ever was. So then he goes, ya sharp cookie too. You know, you went to MIT My uncle Professor John G. Trump taught at MIT for 41 years is a record. Then he said, oh, What a, what a you got what he does? What a I've got the best genetics. Yeah. I'm like, I'm thinking, wait, this guy is two weeks away and he's gotta be busy.


Right? Yeah. This is the election of his life. And so I thought, you know, at some point they're gonna grab him and say, look, who are you talking to? You gotta get back to work. Yeah. So I said, well, the reason I'm calling you is I, I want to, I've seen it's close in these purple states and there are a lot of independents and libertarians who could be influenced perhaps, and I'd like to endorse you. Oh, this is wonderful. This is great. This is tremendous. And, and I said, well, how do I, how do we get it out there? And he goes, oh, just tweet it. I'll retweet you. So I saved myself a trip to Wisconsin. Oh, that's Nice, dude. I love going to Wisconsin. Was it in lacrosse? I don't know where it was. Oh, You missed out? I Think so he goes, you know, I spoke at the Libertarian national convention.


Yeah. There it is. There's, oh, yeah, there's a sentence in here I gotta explain. Okay. So he goes, I spoke at the, the Libertarian convention and they loved me. He said, when I mentioned I was gonna free that kid that's been locked up a hundred years, the oil applauded. And Who's That? Not Travis Scott or something. Ross Ulbrich. So I said, oh yeah, he's in for two life sentences plus 40 years for running a website. Mm. And he said, yeah, put that in your endorsement. The libertarians will love it. Oh really? He really thought of that. If you looked like, I'm like, he will make America healthy. He'll save America secure the ies. I said, and he'll free Ross Alberg.


Wow. So a lot of people are like, we'll take It. Yeah. Ross's mom called me. Wow. And, and thanked me for that. And then Is he out? Yeah. Wow. I took him to the State of the Union. Is he a cool guy? He's super cool guy. And he never should have been in prison for as long as he was. Yeah. What'd he get locked up for? Running a dark web website called Silk Road that allowed people to buy and sell things on the internet. Oh Yeah. And they're started selling dope and shit on there. And people are dying. Yeah. So, so that's what He's holding him for a year. But I mean, that's the thing. It's like you can't lock him up if you, you can't lock him up and not lock up. All the perpetrators on the website are free.


Right. No, I'm talking about you can't lock him up and not lock up the Sackler family though. You keep going back to that. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, they're the Family that did the opioid epidemic or whatever. Oh, Okay. They're the Purdue Pharma family. Oh, Okay. Okay. Sorry. So anyway. Yeah, I'm sorry. They just, they're just like mass murders or whatever. Oh. I mean, they're allegedly mass murderers that are still wandering around. So anyways, the thing is, so I said, all right, I'll put that sentence in. Let me, I wanna run this by you. And he said, here, I give you to Dan s Scavino, he's on the plane with me. And I'm like, oh my gosh, he's on a plane and he's talking to me.


He said, we're gonna go tape the Joe Rogan show. Oh really? Then, then he like, I can hear him hand the phone to, oh, That was right before the election, dude. Yeah. He hands the phone to s Scavino and he's like, I don't think he knew I could hear him. But he goes, Dan, this is a tough cookie. It's Thomas Messi. Don't screw this up. Oh. Then we worked out the endorsement. And that's Pretty cool, huh? It was cool. 'cause then instead of like a bunch of staff trying to figure out what to do, I just called him. Yeah. And we got it done in like five minutes. Right. Right. But, and, and I did endorse him. And then I'm obviously, I'm not the ag secretary, but I'm, that's okay. I'm happy where I'm at. I would've done it if he needed somebody to do it.


But are you guys at odds? Do you feel like, or do you feel like there's so much going on in his world? Well, he came over to Congress a few weeks ago Okay. To whip us on the big beautiful bill. And so when that happens, you guys all get together in a room. Yeah. And he gets to speak. Yeah. Okay. 200 people in the room. Okay. And so he's petitioning for the big beautiful bill. Yeah. He's telling us how great it is. And then he's, she says something about me, and then he realizes I might be in the room. He said, is Tom Massey in the room? And I raised my hand and he looked at me. He said, you know, the thing about Tom Massey is he's very much like Rand Paul. They're both from Kentucky.


You can never get 'em to vote for anything. And they got the same hair. That's pretty true. Huh. Then he goes, actually I like Massey's hair better. So all my colleagues, they, they were approving of me that day. That's Hilarious. So yeah. There's, I mean, pe people, some people hate Donald Trump. Some people love Donald Trump. I just think you cannot deny that he is a they is, there is nobody like him. There's Two, there's two forms of Trump derangement syndrome though. There's, there's the kind where you hate him so much, it's irrational. And even if he's for something you support, you still be against him.


And a and a lot of liberals have Trump derangement syndrome and some Republicans. Well, that's a general thing that I think that's just a political derangement syndrome too. I mean, I have friends. Yeah. That's like, you could show 'em the same exact thing, but if it's a Republican saying it or a Democrat. Yeah. And they'll choose the other side. You know? Well, That's why there's the other version of Trump derangement syndrome, which is you love him so much that when he goes against something he said he would do, or he does something that's against your principles, you change your own principles to support him. Mm. And I think that's just as dangerous. And I try not to have either of the Trump Derangement syndrome you Yeah. Just be for the people of Kentucky.


Yeah, it is. And look, Kentucky derangement alone is, That's A pretty good, you know what I'm saying? That's not a bad, you know, that's, that's a, I mean, that's its own special. 150 proof derangement right there. You know, it's one of a kind. I'm a man of my people. It's one of a kind. You know what's one of the most beautiful places I've ever done a show was Pike Pikeville. Pikeville Kentucky. Yeah. Eastern Kentucky. It Was a tough show. It was just, I don't know if it was the acoustics place we played, but it was a beautiful little city. Great crowd. I mean, beautiful big town. I mean, one of the most beautiful places I think I've ever been just blew my mind. That what it even was. See, see if you can find a picture of Lewis County, Kentucky.


That's where I'm from. It's, that's the town I grew up in, right there. What is that? I, I believe that's burg. That's Vance Berg. Yep. And the courthouse with the red roof on the left with the columns. Oh Yeah, the, there's two courthouses, but one on the left, my grandfather hauled the stones for that courthouse that were quarried locally. Dude, that is cool. How big is that place? It's about 2000 people. Hell Yeah. Perfect size. And it's the county seat. It's the biggest town in the county. Mm. So you go there to buy beer and to go to church and put your money in the bank or get alone. Amen. Lewis County. Yeah. So that's the town.


It's called Lewis County, or the whole county's 12,000. The, the whole county is about 13 or 14,000 people. And Vance Burg used to be 2000. It's probably 1500 people now. But that's where I grew up. And I, this is a true story. When I went to MIT, which is in Cambridge, Massachusetts, across the river from Boston, you, you can see in Vance burg, there's no crosswalks. We had one stoplight and I lived there until I was 18. Then I go to Massachusetts, never visited my life, and I'm, I landed on a plane. I'm going through a crosswalk, you know, with the signs that say, walk and don't walk. And a car honked at me.


And I thought, oh my gosh, I'd been here six hours and already run into somebody from Kentucky. And I waved at them. 'cause I thought the car honking knew me. Oh no. They were, it was pissed. They were waving back with one finger because I, I was walking against a don't walk or something. Get out the street honking. That's hilarious, dude. Yeah, man. Going from a small town to a big place is definitely fascinating, man. It's definitely, That was, and it was intimidating, like, to go from that little town where everybody says, oh, you're uneducated, you're backwards. You don't know anything. Oh yeah. I went to public school K through 12 there. Oh yeah. And then, and then to go to MIT with all these kids from private school and Bronx Science.


Were You just like a, were you just, I mean, people must have think you was a real nerd or whatever growing Up. Oh, I was a nerd. Oh, yeah. I built little science projects in my room and, you know, that was, that was basically my ticket out of Appalachia. Yeah. And went to MI TN Theo and started a company there. It, it was actually a virtual reality interface that I Oh, really invented that let you touch three dimensional objects and raised $32 million of venture capital. Oh my God. From people like JD Vance. Yeah. Have you seen, well, and some of your story even my, or is similar to Mr. Vance's? I think yeah. In some ways. You know, it's like, and You don't hear a lot of stories about like, I mean, I think that they happen, but You don't hear that many of them.


You know, and maybe it's just 'cause we don't talk to as many politicians that are, like, usually politicians were always like, on CSP span or somewhere where you didn't really get to envelop much of their story. I think by JD having that movie that came out about him probably helped, you Know? Well, the book, I mean, he wrote the book and it rings true from MIT. Like, he, he went to New England to school. I went to New England from school. I didn't know where the place, what to do with the place sitting of, of, of silverware. I was waving at cars that honked. But I tell JD, when he was a senator, we, we met a few times to talk about the Ukraine issue and things like that. But I told him, I said, jd, you've appropriated my culture.


Like I'm from Vance, Kentucky, literally Vance Berg, and you're from Ohio and you're saying you're a hillbilly. Like, he's part of the, the hillbilly people that, like my people that left and went to Ohio, so Right. I, I have a brother and a sister. They both went to Ohio. Hmm. We, and It was a big migration. Why was it, was it to work in the mills? It was, there were shoe factories. Some of 'em went to Detroit to work at car factories, but it Was for employment. Employment, Yeah. We, and, and, and this continued for generations as coal went down. But that we said they teach you three Rs in Eastern Kentucky, reading, writing, and Route 23. Oh yeah.


Route 23 runs north, crosses the river and goes up from Portsmouth to Columbus and on up that way. So the difference between JD and I is, my mammal didn't drop f-bombs. Like he had, I will say he probably had a rougher upbringing with, you know, his single mom and, and whatnot. So he had overcome a lot. Yeah. I mean, he's an, I, I mean, I think J D's a great speaker. He is an interesting guy. You know, I've enjoyed the opportunity to even get to talk to him. The simple fact that even somebody like me is even gonna talk to him. I think it's all kind of fascinating. I Think it's great. I think he's over there biting his tongue so much though, like, 'cause when you're the vice president, oh, it Did feel different when I spoke with him the first time than the second time.


You, You And he's a good guy. Like, he's texted me since. Oh, I Agree. I think He's, he's a cool guy. He's been vice president and he's a good guy. But I'm sure he's biting his tongue on some of this stuff. Yeah, I bet. It's interesting. You know, I bet the plot thickens, you know, I bet the plot really, really thickens. You talked about working in virtual reality, how cra I feel like now did you see Iran did that? There was a military video that they had pushing their military. It was like a And we'll be done in a few minutes. See if you can bring that up. It was, yeah. Did you see now it's like, there's like PR videos for war and shit now. Like what is, even look at this shit, zoom in.


I mean, this is This Look like a video game. I mean, look at this. I Feel like it's just getting really bizarre. Look at that. I mean, that's good, but I think it's like, well, it's like we're, it's like now I feel like we're, we're getting so close to, you're gonna be able to subscribe online and stream, watch a stream of a war. Like you're gonna be able to have drones that are in the air watching war.


Right. Like probably Palantir drones or some company or in the air. Well, and you can stream it from home. You know, it'd be, but Wouldn't it be better if just like the drones killed the other drones Yes. And people didn't get killed. And maybe that's, I I it's virtual reality and who, who can ever, who can build the best army in vr? That would be a lot better way than killing people. I agree. I think it's gotten, I mean, it's like you're gonna be able to, you know, it's gonna be like, yeah. Shit is just like you said earlier, everything is feels merging. It doesn't even feel real anymore. That's how unreal shit is. It doesn't even, you can barely tell as a regular semi ignorant person the difference between what's real and what's not anymore.


And that's when things get bizarre. It's like, I feel like next week, like I show speed is gonna like, compete against Netanyahu's Sun or whatever that lives, I think in LA or somewhere like, but, and they're gonna compete and like the winner gets to live in like a, one of those like Congo Cobalt mines where they're making iPhone like parts. It's just, you're just like, what the fuck is happening anymore? It happens on both sides though. And truth is the first casualty of war. And you saw like, there was the Ghost of Kiev, remember when that came out? And, and there was supposedly this aviator in Ukraine that was shooting down all these Russian jets. Yeah. Oh, it Was a it was Lore. Yeah. It was, it it was all ghost to pev. Yeah. It was all made up Was a popular but ultimately mythical Ukrainian fighter pilot, an urban legend that emerge during the early days of the Russian invasion.


Ukraine in 2022 said that a single MIG 29 pilot was shooting down multiple Russian aircraft becoming a similar resistance. Yes. So, and, and that was being reported as, as a real thing. Right. And congressmen were falling for that. And so I have tried to be very judicious in all the videos I watch of everything that's, that's coming from all the countries, whether it's Iran or Israel or our own. And I actually caught the IDF, this Israeli Defense Forces putting, using a, a, a clip that was from last year, trying to make it look like that was Israel being bombed. This, you know, this week. And I, this is, this is one of the fun things about being a congressman with 1.3 million followers.


Like I pointed it out and people started looking at it and comparing it to the video from nine months ago. And they got community noted the IDF for putting out a fake video. They didn't have to, I mean, there's plenty of live footage, but they fell for it. Like we're just, we're in a loop. We're, we're consuming stuff on the internet. And you know, the loop has been completed when Israeli government consumes YouTubes that aren't real and then puts them in their videos. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, I could see them doing it just because, but yeah, I think it's definitely the loop is like, we're spending the loop so long we're dizzy.


That's where, that's where it feels if we are. And if you can, if you can step out of it, like, I haven't had a TV in 20 years because You're not missing anything. It just reinforces the, the false. There we go. Breaking bad was good. Did they? And Oh yeah. Who knows. See Yeah. You can't tell what's really more raw footage. Iran. There, there, yeah. There's the two videos. Look, that's, that's the one they put out that said was happening in the past hours. Right. Okay. Now look at the other one. The clouds are the same shape. The missiles are in the same formation. And that was a YouTube from eight months ago. Wow. But the, the reason I caught it, and nobody else did, was I was trying to verify everything before I took it as real.


Yeah. And I saw that video from eight months ago and figured out it was fake, but the I DF didn't. Or maybe they did and it just was more dramatic than the footage they had. That Could be more, that sounds slightly more possible. But what do I know? I don't know anything. I know this dude. What can we do? Like what can voters do anymore? Do we, does it matter anymore what we do or are we done? It does matter. You're gonna, does local Level matter more than ever local level voting or what matters? Like what do we, what do we, what can we do? So the congressman before me in my district got a call at home one night and this older lady was upset that her trash hadn't been picked up.


And he's a US congressman. He said, ma'am who picked It up? He said, no. He said, I'm your US congressman. I don't, I'm not involved with the trash pickup. Did you think about calling your county commissioner? And she said, I was gonna do that, but I didn't wanna start that high up. Yeah. So it, I think local is, I started out in local politics. Oh yeah. And, and the local officials have way more impact on your life than the, than the federal government does. And so I would take time and pay attention and vote locally. And those are also people you can go find. When I was a local government official and we would stop at the grocery store to buy milk, my kids would beg my wife to go in to pick up the milk because I'd be in there two hours and somebody would talk to me about a pothole and somebody would talk to me about some weeds that need mow at the intersection.


And I wouldn't get outta there. Now that I'm a congressman, I can buy milk anywhere. Nobody cares. They know Congress can't get anything done. Right. And so I think the people have figured it out. Definitely pay attention local. When you do pay attention, federal, don't get distracted by the weapons of mass distraction. Don't call Nancy Pelosi. She's not, you're not gonna change her mind. Only call people you can vote for because the, the people taking those calls know that. And they'll discount everything you say unless you're a constituent. Hmm. So everybody has two state senators and one US representative. So you only need to make three phone calls. I wouldn't write 'em a letter.


I wouldn't waste time on email. I would make a phone call. And a real more likely than not, a real person in that office will pick up the phone and talk to you. And it'll be somebody who does talk to the congressman. Like we only, we have a staff of about 12 to 24 people. And I say hi to those people that you are talking to every day. Now, I don't know that all congressmen are this diligent, but I have them write down who called about what and how many calls we got. Some days I get one phone call. Yeah. And it's from the same guy that calls every day. Oh yeah. Michael, if Michael doesn't call, we ask the local sheriff to go do a, you know, wellness check. Oh yeah. Don't, don't be a frequent flyer. Don't call up your congressman and say, I'll never vote for him again if he votes this way.


Because then they never have to take you seriously. But I would call up, I would only call people you can vote for and be polite, be quick, get off the phone. The the next one. You're people, I see people come up to lobby, let's say for their, for their grandma who has Alzheimer's and they spend $300 on a plane ticket, couple hundred dollars on a hotel room. They, you know, the food is expensive in DC and they finally get to their congressman's office and they talk to a staffer. Yeah. That to me is a waste of money. I would find that congressman locally and take half of what you would've spent on the trip to DC and if you could stomach that person's politics, make a donation.


That's why the lobbyist has the ear. I'm not saying America has to compete with lobbyists for giving money, but I will tell you this, if you give a politician $500, you won't have to ask for his phone number. He'll be calling you every week thinking About what do I need next? Asking For more of it. Damn. And so, So, but that's where we're at kind of, It feels like that's where're At because we just have to compete. Money has to compete with money. You think dark money, It doesn't have to compete, but you gotta figure out a way to get their attention. You know, if it's whatever the minimum is to get in the door that Oh yeah, fundraise. If it's $50, don't give 'em 500, give 'em 50 and go in and just talk to them like a human being if you can.


But At a bigger level, like, will we ever get, will the people, you know, will we ever get these lobbyists out? Is it is to wrap? What do we just tell us? If we all just, Here's the way, here's the way you go break free. No, well you should definitely go to the beach and only spend about no more than 10% of your life thinking about politics 'cause it ain't healthy. Amen. And, And but the 10% that you do, you should, you should ask your congressman to, to advocate for separate bills on separate topics. Yeah, I agree. That seems way more pertinent. 'cause then you could, they there's some a level of accountability. Yeah. And they can't hide behind. Well it had a pay raise for soldiers. Right. So advocate for that.


Make phone calls if you can be friendly and connect with them. Maybe you don't agree with them on everything, but a broken clock is Right twice a day. You know, Some diplomacy. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think that's a big thing I've been learning recently is that there's a give and take to everything. Every single, everything. You know, and that's the way that the world's built. There's like, you know, there's forces, there's a give and take. There's a yin and yang. And even when you have, you want this party or this thing, it's like there has to be like you, you really need both forces a lot of times to get things done. I think that's about it, man. I'm trying to think of anything else. Oh, I did want to say we were gonna supposed to talk to Mr. Walls this week. Tim Walls on Thursday.


'cause I have a show up there. But he can't, he is unable to go. 'cause of they're doing services and stuff for that. Hmm. His constituents or his colleagues maybe that were Yeah. Murdered up there. I, you know, It's pretty heartbreaking. It is heartbreaking. I I, and he seems like a guy with a big heart too. I get death threats. I mean, I, and the hard part is knowing which ones to take seriously and which one's not. I mean, it's definitely not the right way to do politics. It just, there's no, there's no level of frustration that justifies violence. Yeah. I mean, that just seems really bizarre. There was, I remember there was rumors that whenever your wife passed away that there was like, something bad had happened.


Like from a, like a, like a not a deranged person or something like that. Was that The real No, she, she died unexpectedly, but of natural causes. And I wasn't home. I was in DC which kills me to this day. But my son was home visiting. So we know exactly what happened. There's no conspiracy there. Although, Sorry to even ask you about it. Well, No, I think it's good 'cause people ask that. People want to know that. I tell people she would get a kick out of it. Yeah. She would. Everybody wants to be a part of. Yeah. Like, anyway, That's to say there was a conspiracy, but I'm sure she's, she's up there laughing at that one.


Well, I know it's coming up on a year since she's been gone. And Yeah. Just sorry to kind of, maybe that was a little out out of the box to say that, but yeah, I'm sorry you and your family had to go through that. So I appreciate you being brave and still being able to honor your constituents and your group even in, in the face of those types of things and, and still be able to show up and, and do your best and, and be a maverick I think for probably for her spirit and for the people of, of our country. You know, I think that's one thing that's inspiring. Some people were like, well this guy's nuts, or this guy's great, but I'm like, at least this guy's his own fucking guy. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'd rather talk to that guy any day of the week. So, well the, the other conspiracy that's interesting to me is people say, oh, he snapped.


Like he's lost his marble since he lost his wife and he's off the chain, et cetera, et cetera. No, I'm actually honoring what she wanted. Like she worked at home on our farm and raised four kids. She also had an MIT degree. Wow. And she was watching me from afar every day she would watch hearings and give me advice for questions to ask. Aw, that's sweet. Huh. And she wanted me to go up there and kick ass every week. And, and that's what I do. And, and I'm still gonna do it. I remember one time I introduced a build to legalized raw milk, like the kind I got out there and my camper Truck. Oh yeah. I took another swig off that thing. As long as you leave the door open while we do it, you know?


Right. We had alarms going off in there. The gaar and my camper was going off when you went in there. Two men got in that thing and suddenly an alarm went off. I was like, this is a little too Republican from MIT. This is a little too old school Republican from MIT. If two men can't even casually drink raw milk together in the back of a truck camper. I know. I in. So I introduced a raw milk bill to legalize raw milk and Oh yeah, there we go. Oh, this is in honor of her kind of, well This was, she was still alive. And I introduced this bill and the guess who came after me, the, the milk lobbyist came after me. They said there wouldn't be enough hospitals to take care of all the people Who got sick from raw milk.


Who, who were gonna get sick from raw milk. Is that true, Do you think? Oh hell no. I, I drink it every day. I I know thousands of people that drink it every day. I'm gonna catch a fucking batch of it. It always looks like it's a little warm. No, it, I pour mine in a ice cold glass. But anyways, and it tastes like just liquid ice cream. Oh God. I mean, it's so good. I'll come have a little bit More. Alright, well, so I, I, I did this bill and the milk lobby comes after me and my wife had Google alerts on, or whatever alerts there were. And it, it's like all this negative press over milk and she texted me. OMGI didn't realize the lactose lobby was this intolerant.


Well, I think even just the, the name of the lactose la la lobby was this intolerant. That's cute. What was her name? Your Wife? Rhonda. Rhonda. Yeah. Well, we miss you Rhonda. Just a nice thought of you there and a nice story. I love the fact that, that's called the Interstate Milk Freedom Act, which sounds insane, dude. Right. It sounds like something that happens at a rest area. You know, that's the problem with it. I think it's, It's easier to get meth than it is to get raw milk. I'm not lying. Oh. And at least put birth control in the meth. When do we make that law? Like, is that too much to add? Like give us something.


That's my motto these days. Yeah. Thomas Massey. I, I, I just admire. I I appreciate your time. That's what I really appreciate. And get out there and give a mail, man. Keep serving to the best of your ability and just thank you for your service and I really app I just appreciate it. Thanks Theo. Yep. You bet man. Best of luck, dude. God Yeah. Keep an eye on the debt. Yeah, I will. Mr. It's about to go up. She will be, she'll call me every hour and she'll be like, oh my God. It's about to go up. It is. Yeah. I'm looking for the jump. I'll be there. I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone.


Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of, I, I can feel it. It's going tell.