
Bored with your boring cardio. Stop pedaling that SNOO cycle to Nowheresville and try some cardio. That's actually fun. Supernatural fitness available on me. Quest, isn't that right, Jane Fonda Cardio Will never be boring again. Sweat to the beat of thousands of chart topping songs inside stunning virtual landscapes. Your stationary bike, can't do that. Visit get Supernatural dot com and join the next fitness revolution. Supernatural VR Fitness only on MedQuest waiting team for team.


Oh, do you see that thing with the mayor? Do you see that thing with mayor? With the mayor of New York? No. I'll take, it's a, Oh yeah, this is it right here. Do you see this? So Eric Adams, he teaches, what is he saying? They're teaching kids how to, they're Teaching parents how to search your kids' room to find drugs and gun Stuff. Yeah. Did you see this dude? No. You Can look in the jewelry box, a jewelry box of this nature. Maybe a simple jewelry box. But if you look through it closely, you don't know what your child may be hiding. For instance, A gun that's from the state of New York. Look behind them. Government was like, make it scary as fuck. Hold on, hold on, on Start it over. They do this. Yeah, that music is crazy. It's like gonna scare The fuck outta these people.


It's like, it almost seems like a, like the story before Sylvania starts at like, on a video game. A jewelry Box. A jewelry box. Yeah. This is an opening menu. Maybe a Simple Box, but if you look through it closely, you don't know what your child may be hiding. For instance, a gun. Look at picture frames and behind them cameras try to determine what's, what's taking place behind a picture frame. You could find bullets. You should always, when your child brings, This is a video game, that's where you find bullets and video games. Look through it To see what, look through his nav sack. You might find a grenade, he a child Parent in addition to a book. Something simple as a crack pipe. Something simple as a, as a baby dog, But great as a kid, Baby doll.


But also it could be a place where you could secrete or hide drugs. Secret Over could secrete, Bro, this is a mayor That's unusual. Like a pillow like this with a button is a perfect invitation to hide something. And I've felt something bumpy. I will reach in. See what it is. Just Look, dude, God only knows. I'll tell you this, man. Those DoorDash people see some shit. Oh God, dude, you know, in India they have a cast of people called the Untouchables. Do they really? Yes. You just can't fuck with them. Wow. You can't go near them. You see them and you look away. That is kind of, and this to, no, no.


Don't take offense to this. But it is, when I encounter a food delivery person in the wild, I I don't, I look away. No, I will look away. Tim, You don't feel like you're one of them. You food delivery person. No. Yeah, I just, there's so many other jobs. I just feel like if you are delivering DoorDash, I just inherently, here's the thing, I I, I love them as a person. They're child of God. Yeah, but they're in so much pain. Are they? A lot of times you can see they're in pain. I can't see It really. They're just listening to Scott's sta usually. I don't feel like, Yeah, no, they're, I think some of them are in pain.


They're just, it's tough. It's hard. I just, it's hard for me to see and look that it's just hard for me to Look at. And we got a love fella in the house today. Riley Mao. How are you brother? Doing well. Have you blasted that corn stalk yet? You popped that corn stalk or what's going on with your daddy? How's, how's your love life, Bubba? Get us the latest man. You, well, I almost had something happen yesterday. No. Yep. It was during the Super Bowl. A friend of mine invited me. Okay. And we were hanging out and everything was great. And this, this other guy shows up. No. So you, you met up with a girl?


No. Yeah, we were just at a bar. Okay. You're at a bar and, and a dude showed up. Yeah. No. Yeah. I, I saw him and I, I knew something was gonna happen. Uhuh. And what was he wearing? Was he dressed pretty well? He just had slacks on and nice jacket. Fuck him. I mean that's, did he know that you were there with her? Yeah. Oh, so he rode in. Right. And, okay, so he shows up. Now, what do you do? Are you posturing a little or what happened? Are you I'm just chilling. You know, I'm sitting next to her and everything's going great.


And I get up to use the bathroom and once I get back, he's, that's normal dude. Gonna make toilet. That's normal. Go on. And he's in my seat next to her. What the FA white guy? No. Wow. Wow. A mixed guy. Yeah. More darker. Okay. A lot of the black girls in our town and stuff would get knocked up by the black eyes at a young age. Yeah. Yeah. So all of our black girls disappeared at around 13 years old and got pregnant. Yeah. And they come back and they're, they're different now.


And then they come back and they're just different. Or they just like, yeah, they have a child now. Or they have like baby milk on their shoulder or whatever. Like they were just more advanced. Like the black kids in our school were more sexually advanced. They just had sex earlier and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that was intimidating. The black girls were intimidating because they had more experience. Yeah. It's funny sometimes as you talk to a black guy, it's like, I got head when I was 10. You're like, what? Like, they're like for real. Sorry dude. It's okay. This place just went outta business. We're good. We Were 16, 17 when we hooked Up. And y'all met at a carnival? Yeah, she worked for somebody and I was working out there and she worked, worked for a friend of mine, another family.


Let me dart that balloon, huh? Yeah, She was actually pregnant when we hooked up already too. And Really? Yeah. Wow. That seems this crazy illegal. That's crazy. The eyes of God. But I don't know. And we're still friends that I still, I mean Rayquan, her son is, works for me now. Oh Yeah? Yeah. Really? Wow. Yeah. Her so works for me. Like Was there drug use out there? Little bit. Yeah, just a little bit. So most of the time I'm the server. You're On the line. Even Though, yeah. I like to be on the line because I know how fast I could go. Even if I drop stuff, you know, I'd just keep on going. Oh yeah. You know, just keep on going. Just like your lunch lady Annie. Well she was, we Had Hadda couple of good lunch ladies. We had this one lady we had named Sarge actually.


And she was, I think a she loved ladies. I'll say that. Yeah. Oh yeah. We had this other lady, miss Re she, she'd always be like, make sure to get your sp geti. That's what she called you. Sp Getty Get your Sp Getty. So she would yell at us. That's funny. She'd be like, get your sp geti. And instead of saying cake, she would say like, this is crazy. But she would kind of say like, cat, like cac. So she'd be like, and get you a cut of coconut CAC over there. See, I think we're all have to be a little nudge, you know, to be over there so long around everybody.


Oh sure. You know, most think I am a little off, but it's okay. 'cause I've accepted that, You know, A long time ago, Dude, Shoney's in, bro, I remember for $11 you could stay at the place. Right? For $15 you could stay and eat. Right. So it was that $4 upcharge. You got that buffet. Shoney's Had Hadda Inn. And we would go, bro. And the, they had, they also had this like premier buffet for like two more dollars you could go. They had like this kind of roped off area of the buffet. And down there they had fucking salmon or whatever, you know, damn pick, you know, special pickles, salmon, honey, special pickles, honey do melon. Like, I'd never, shit, you'd never seen fucking gay watermelon.


You know what I'm saying? They had all this special shit when you Were a kid. All that shit's nice until you get older and you're like, why am I eating this shit? I'm gonna fucking die. Look at the people around me. Look what they look like. And here I am with them about to die. Now, Willie, what would it take to get you to cheer for another team? That is a question I would like to know, man. What would it, what amount of money would it take? Couldn't take no money. I'm a die hard Tide fan. Well, what amount of, what amount of would it take you? No, no push or nothing. I'm a die hard Tide fan. Now what if a woman came, and I'm talking, a lady came over from Texas a and m. Hold on, I'm talking.


A lady rides up in a Corvette. Willie, what the tits look like with some of that fucking, that real, that real. She got some titties. Look like two angry dogs trying to chew on your cock All the time. And Tell me this, she got that coer on her that, that Aggie. Yeah, But I seen some of them at the, at the airport. Yeah, baby. And what do you now, Oh man, did some of 'em have one? God, Praise God. Baby Had one down there choke. A mute. Yeah. That's all I'm talking about. It was a nice building. They did have a pool at the building that was pretty cool. Okay. And I was learning to play guitar at the time.


And So I would go in there, he'd have some, every now and then he'd have a chick stay over and I'd go in there and play. Love that. Teasing his, The song about Eric Clapton's. Yeah. Son dying. You know what it's about? Yeah. That's a song you would play while the guy was getting me, dude. I dunno. It's about his fucking son falling out of a window. What? Yeah. No way. How old was his son? Was he in the military? No, he Was like a little ass kid, dude. Oh, it's a tragic song. Oh dude. Sorry. I'm sorry. Eric. Eric happens alive. He's alive. Yeah. Oh man.


So, so your friend's dad who's giving you shelter, is getting see with one of his eight viagras and he has to battle that viagra's up against that old man's LED and the saddest song, one of the saddest songs of the nineties. A poor rendition, by the way. There's No way you were good at it. You're butchering it and it's saddest shit. You sold you Pink bink. Oh, sorry, sorry. Bink. Bink Pink Bink. Oh, so my bad. Bink bink Bink. Would, you know, my nanny dude. But I would go in there and one time after a they would request me to come back in.


Wow. You were the fucking, you were the music for them. Fucking, There used to be a show. It was like Amish something Amish like, yeah, something Amish. And they good show this. This one dude. Yeah. Something Amish. This one dude kept like mowing his grass. He Had Hadda use that old school cutter. This like the spinning thing. The spinning wheel thing. Yeah. Yeah. And he's like, this sucks. I was adopted. I'm not even supposed to be Amish. He said, I'm not even Supposed to be Jury. Dude is fucking hilarious. It's like a flight that never takes off. You're just sitting there. Man, I wish you could pick your cases. Like I wish they had like a menu. Like, oh, here's the cases they're doing today.


Because then I could see if I want to pretend like I'm racist or not to try and get out of it, you Know? Oh yeah. You gotta Dr. Yeah, I roll right in there and tell 'em I'm racist. What, what t-shirt are you wearing? And last time they're like, we have so many races here today. We still have to ask you guys a couple questions. I'm like, we gotta we gotta we gotta filter through that. See how racist you are. Like we justly go and grab a random group of a hundred of America's dumbest people and be like, Hey, sit in this room room. We're gonna use 10 of you to solve this murder. It blows my mind. Well, it's, the craziest part about it is this Bitch works at a Leslie's pool supply, and now they're Fucking in charge of a murder. Now they're trying to figure out who killed Kennedy right here.


Like, and Some guy's like, I don't know the difference between a cucumber and a pickle. And you want me to decide on This jury? This is a fun rucker's manager. You ever been in a pyramid scheme? No. I've been in a couple. My buddy won his family's football pool. It was like their NCA, their college football pool. They did every year. He won. It was like $600. Dude. He was so excited. He could have changed his life. And instead his mom convinced him to buy a Christmas village of like rare Christmas village houses. Oh yeah. They're back Froze.


They're Back. They coming around, buddy. They're they're happening right Now. My buddy to this day is he's, He's big into Christmas houses. No rent, rent in much. The tenants don't make much noise. And the, and the street lights are always on. Electric bill's low. Oh Yeah. So yeah. Running into a lot of issues. But God, that just broke him, man. He never recovered from that. Dude. I met a dude yesterday in Tennessee. He said he took out a $800 life insurance policy on his wife. I'm like, $800. That's pretty insulting. Well, yeah. That's what I felt like When I say I know them. I was probably a kid and there was people that worked around where I lived with my, and I think they did crack.


That was a rumor. Wow. But I don't really, I don't really know what crack does. It's a functional, like the MyPillow guy, he does crack. He did it his whole building the pillows, you know? Really? Yeah. Oh, so good things can come out of it still. Yeah. They're also crack success stories. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? Oh wow. Is that what the secret is? Is like cracking there. It's like they dust a pillow with crack before they ship it. People are like, yo, this is the best fucking pillow I've ever had in my life. This is my pillow. You can't have that shit. It's Like crack bay. That guy like this, You know, He just, There, there's a guy on the assembly line, just like, as, as they pass.


I was gonna say probably I wish meth had like a birth control aspect to it. Oh man. But I would go white claw. I think it does. I think when you smoke meth, just everything dries up. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Maybe that's true. I never smoked. I always wanted to smoke crack. I never got to smoke crack. Oh, damn. It's, Did you ever smoke it? Oh Yeah. Really? Oh fuck yeah. No way, dude. Damn. Oh Dude. You know, my body figured I was tweaking. And I'm like, you know, and, and, and they showed me how to, they're like, you got a light bulb? And I'm like, yeah. And so they showed me how to take the little silver thing off the bulb and you can take it out. And then you put some warm salt water in there and swish it around. You get all that white shit off the ball.


Then you got a nice clear bulb. So then you kind of just tap some shit down in there and you can burn it and smoke it. So whatever. I, I hit the shit. Woo. All of a sudden, where's my guitar? I wanna play guitar so bad. So for two days I sat there and playing two fucking days. I don't, I didn't eat, I don't even think I pissed. Yeah. It was insane. And then, so two days later, somebody finally snaps me out of it by knocking on my door. It was my friend Brendan, Brendan Lauer. And I hear the knock on the slider door and I'm like, ah, fucking, I put my guitar down on that. I'll be right back. Like, don't, like, I, I hate to leave you. Like, ugh. You know, I wanted that guitar so bad still after two days straight of playing it.


And I go open the door and my friend Brendan's there. He is like, what the fuck's all over your face? And I'm like, what? And I go in the bathroom and I look in the mirror and my face is all green. And I'm like, oh fuck. Like, I thought it was like from the meth or something. It was like, oh no, my skin's turning green. And it was from like the, I was playing my guitar for so long that the bronze on my strings had like gone to my fingers and I had touched my face. Wow. And So I had green shit on my face from my guitar strings. And I was, I was so tacked out, you know, I didn't know what the fuck was going on. I took this girl home from the bar the other night. I just, something caught me. You know? It was just different, something different about her, you know, she was kind of shy, but I liked her.


So I got her home and when we pulled her pants off, she had nipples on her butt. Cheeks. Man, it was so strange. I didn't know how to feel about it. Nipples on her butt cheeks. Wow. How to feel about it, feel about it with them hands. Baby. What are you talking about? Those are extra tits, bro. Now I wouldn't motorboat 'em. Or you, you, you, you're gonna end up in some dirty oil, you feel me? But those are extra tits brother. It's great to challenge yourself and to push new limits and go to different heights. You know what I'm saying? And be tough on yourself, but you also gotta give yourself some, some grace. Right? Like that's what, that, that's what that balance come in. Yeah.


So if you, down to you all the time, how does, how does that gonna make you feel down depressed? Oh my goodness, now I gotta do this. Now I gotta do that. Now I gotta revert to this. Versus like, man, like if I'm like, okay, I didn't fail, okay. I'm not the only person to fail. You know what I'm saying? Okay. How, how I get up out of this, you know what I'm saying? Who I need to talk to to get up out of this. You know what I'm saying? Like A lawyer usually, but Hey, you are never supposed to say you're competitive. But I want, you know, there's all been a lot of music biopics. Yeah. And I wanted to do a great fucking job, man. I love Bob Dylan. I love this artist. None of this is for granted. This little misconception about actors too, in acting. You can have a cushy job on a TV show if you don't give a fuck about your work, it could be a great lifestyle, right?


You're making like high six figures, maybe low seven figures. And you're just showing up and you want, if you give a fuck about what you're doing, these are, these are long ass days. Wow. You know what I mean? These are 14 hour days, six days a week sometimes, you know, three months. Look, I know, I know people got it way harder. But I want feel that grit. You know? I, I, I want to feel it, you know? I hope people don't laugh at it. I fucking really, I, I feel like I'm the hardest working man anyway. Maybe I shouldn't say that, but, but no, you Respect what you do. Yeah. 'cause you got to, what else is the point? I talk about this with friends a lot. Like, this is too weird a lifestyle to be Nonchalant about. Yeah. Why do this? Yeah. If you're not gonna go as hard as possible, What do you guys see on the cameras?


And did you guys ever catch anybody having sex or anything like that? We've seen a lot on camera. I, I've seen people getting head. I've seen, I I've seen it all. Oh Yeah. That's one vote for Trump right there. But hell Yeah. You feel me? But we Had Hadda direct incident with one of our guards. Okay. So And what rank was he? He was a no striper, no Stripe. He was a no Stripe. He, he, he was a baggy pant, Dickie wearing guy like me. Good guy though. But he was messing around with the girl from Cinnabon. He was, Yeah. So the girl from Cinnabon, we were watching her go from Cinnabon to the parking lot to her car. Okay. But she was walking with a guy. Oh, She's walking with a guy to her car. Yeah. And he, I think he was in, I think he was the employee.


One of the employees from the movie theater. Mm. Goes in there. We could clearly tell they're doing some shit. He leaves, within five minutes, somebody else comes walking up into our guard. He gets in the car? No, they start doing their thing. Oh, was It a Honda Accord? It was a Nissan Altima. Yeah. Yeah. Altima For sure. So the company starts growing, right? Yeah. And in addition to people helping each other get jobs, people were helping each other. People were starting relationships on there. I went on dates off of Craigslist before, you know. Good. I mean, I would use casual encounters too. You know, it's like, that was sometimes I met a girl one time and we watched a Nets game and made love, honestly.


And she lemme sign her cast. Right. And I was like, you know, and it was, we Had Hadda great time. I I think we, I think we dated for well There's, there's no accounting for taste. Yeah. But I'm glad, I'm glad. Yeah. I know. Who wants to be a net fan? I need Caleb Presley Biblically. And that's your best friend. Just texted with him today. Special guy. I have a, I have a crush on him that's like really? It's bad because he's another SEC boy, right? Tennessee. He went to North Carolina. Yep. He went to North Carolina. You're kidding. Why is he, he's like a Volunteers fan, but he's a volunteers fan. He says he played at North Carolina.


He didn't. But he's A liar and a cheat. True. But he is handsome. It is true. And he is extremely unique. He's, you guys are similar. I think you guys would a really nice, we do kind of look alike. Nice time. You think We look a little related? Oh, I think maybe it's true. He guys both have blue eyes. Yeah, you have blonde hair. Yeah. Yeah. I have the same facial hair as him. Oh, damn. Well, have you been married before? No. No. Just first. That was your first marriage? Yeah, I was with, I've had three really long term relationships. I had already felt so fucking terrible about cheating on girls. I always got caught inevitably. Oh yeah. I got caught. Oh yeah. And those were the like, I can remember those phone calls and trying to explain why it didn't, you didn't care.


Was there anything worse than that? Oh my God. Well, It's tied with driving to someone's apartment to tell them that you're breaking up. I mean, those, those two for me are like, I've Had Hadda, lot of motorcycle injuries. I take them a million times before I'd ever drive to someone's apartment and just say like, I think we're in different places. Yeah. And they're like, no shit. Sometimes I have a tough time feeling proud of myself. Do you know what that do? You know? And I think I, I've had other people call in our, our show that have talked about that. You know? What do you Think it is? I don't know. I feel like I almost feel like there's just a, there's a disconnect. Like it doesn't even land on me. Or I feel like maybe if I feel like I'm proud of myself, like if I actually feel proud of myself, it'll go against some script that I've always had written or some thing that was always written inside of me.


You know? It's like, it, it's almost like it wouldn't, if I wrote on the wall of myself, I'm proud of you. It wouldn't even fucking show up on the wall. What emotion would you feel if you saw that? Like what emotion would I feel if I saw what I'm proud of myself. Would you go bullshit? Would you be pissed off by it? Would you be annoyed? Would you just feel No, I think I'd feel ashamed of myself for even thinking it. That's interesting. And it produce an emotion in you just now. Even when you just thought about it. I saw that flash in your eyes. It's just a little bit of water. Oh yeah. Bit Of fluid. Oh yeah. Dude, fuck we cry on here every week. Sorry. That's beautiful. No, it's okay. But yeah, we don't have any, we don't have any shame about that. No, you shouldn't. But I'm saying liquid le leaving your body in a public place as long as through your eyes is not a problem. That's what I'm talking about, huh?


Yeah. Don't ask, don't ask. That's right. All this diddy stuff going on, man. What do you I'm sure glad that I didn't hang out with him. Right. You never got in the, you never were in his Universe. I've met him. Right. But never went out. Right. Is it scary when people get to a level of wealth that they can kind of have anything? Like what are some of that? It's like, I'll get invited to these parties Right. That are really nice house and stuff. Oh yeah. Right. But there'll be like 50 servants. Right. Five people to answer the door. Six people that just specialize in toast. Right. Just ridiculous shit. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And all over, I'm like, how do you live like this? You know? Because it's bad enough. Like I have too big a house and so you have to have people there to clean it and stuff like that.


And there's no privacy just with that. And there's people that'll have like 10 people in the house at all times. Yeah. And I, I, I don't, I don't see how they live. Right. Dude, I remember when I first got a clean lady for to come once a week. I helped her like the first month I felt horrible. Dude. Trump. Yeah, man. Insane. Took it. Took the hit though. Oh, it was crazy, dude. Yeah. That image. Him yelling, fight. Yeah, fight. My god, dude, what's in, I didn't know it's put that on the American flag. Yeah. You know, put that right where the stars are. This fucking dude. Now this could be easily an actor. That's me. That's, that is me, me with one of those ma silicone masks on from him.


It's like the guy Fieri hat that you buy at the store that comes with the hair. Walked. He's, his face is going. I Well he was, he was up there. We was yelling, they didn't know, But we could hear him. So we walked up. Oh, it is A fake hat. It's probably five to seven minutes of Trump speaking. I'm estimating here. I have no idea. He's got chewing too. But big old dip. He got shoe stuck in his neck. We noticed the guy crawling arm, you know, bear crawling up the roof of the building beside us 50 50 feet away from us. So we're standing there and you know, we're pointing, we're pointing at the guy crawling up the roof and he Had Hadda gun.


Right. I'm gonna call this dude out. Go do something, dude. Yeah. What are you doing? You're point at him for two minutes when you fucking just finishing a beer fucking 50 feet away. You have God gives you one chance to be a fucking hero. And instead you pop open another fucking bush light. Dude, both of these gentlemen don't are just interesting creatures. Dude, these are actors, dude. Yeah, dude. This is a fucking, the backup dude. They got this dude off of team, this announcer. Look what he's even using to interview him. Yeah. A that's not even a, it's a mop. It's not even a microphone. That's a Swiffer. Swiffer. What is the current immigration policy?


Is that a fair question as you So It, it depends on, So I, again, it's so vast. Like are you coming over here as a tourist? Then you get a visa for six months. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Okay. So what, and if you Come here to, you know, come here to work, you gotta get a work. You gotta have a passport and a worker visa. Now there are so many types of visas from, you know, from entertainment to family to work. And, and it really just depends on what it is you're after. If you're coming here and you have a, a, a valid passport and you have a, a, you wanna be a, a, a tourist for six months, you get a tourist visa and you, you get it stamped and you fly in or drive in, you come to the port of entry and you, and you're free to move out the country for six months. If you overstay, then you could be re Deported. So why do people not wanna use the pathways, the legal pathways to immigration?


Like, it takes Too much time. It's, it's the, the line's so long. Ah, you're my mother's absolute favorite dude. Just because this is why she's probably never heard any of your music, but because you say what you wanna say. I Came out with middle fingers on my CDs, like running my mouth. It's like, I, I always say, and I, I sound redundant probably, but I haven't changed. The times have changed. Yeah. I've been doing the same thing since day one. Dude, you know what? I think that's really true about you. 'cause sometimes I think something you say, I'm like, it seems like the, sometimes I'll be like, that seems kind of outdated. But the truth is just that times have changed. I Was talking cash money, shit since I was broke when I was young. Yeah. I've talked cash, money, shit, that's, I probably came outta the womb talking cash money, shit.


Yeah. And they're like, it's a boy, it's a girl. It's, it's somebody talking shit. That's all we know. Crazy dude. Just because like, I mean obviously like so many people tell you all the time, just gr you know, Dr. Feelgood just so much of just like, I mean, my brother would beat me, beat me to you guys' music. That's crazy. Yeah. I was the drum dude. I was a snare for my brother. And it was awesome though. But it was loving, you know, like, how bad was it like when addiction hit you guys' band and stuff? Was that pretty crazy When you're, you, you, you're looking around and you're seeing the guys in your band. Everybody's this close from not, not waking up again. You know, you know that kind of shit.


And you know, and you've, you've reached a level of like, doing crazy shit. Like when you're shooting fucking Jack Daniels in your arm because you ran outta heroin when you could just drink the fucking Jack and be like, oh, and just fucking drink. We're outta heroin. But maybe if it was shoot it, it'll be fucking better. It's just alcohol. Like when you're doing dumb shit like that, we're like, I think it's to someone's gonna die here soon. Like we should all, and we did it as a band. We were like, you know, we'd take handfuls of fucking halons they were called and, and then we'd fucking and go that and go out for the night.


But those are all, these are all fucking like, downers and sleeping pills. So like who does that? You're we're doing such dumb dangerous shit that everybody was like, alright, that's it. We're all gonna do this together. And we just was like 89. We all went to fucking rehab together to different rehabs. But, but yeah, For me, I was mixing so much stuff, so much. This kid was all over the fucking place and down. But you could hear it in the music. Now sometimes we go back for, for laughs and well listen to some of the shit I made when I was like in psychosis. What would you say is the most fucked up? And it's, it's, you ever wear for an album?


I want to die in New Orleans. I think mine is, I was literally in psychosis from doing so much speed and, and, and downers bro. I thought Southwest Airlines was trying to kill me. I thought you Told me that story once, Bro. Yeah. Kyle took a life insurance policy out on me for 70 grand. This motherfucker, Bro. That's the most New Orleans shit ever, bro. Somebody takes a life insurance policy out for $700, bro. Just for want to make it their truck payment. That's the fucking most New Orleans shit, Bro. I remember that. We were in, we were in New Zealand when he told me that he thought that they were putting a hit out on us. Yeah. He thought like I Had What did you say when he sits you down, bro? Bro, I put them Through hell bro. Look, at one point I was starting to get really impatient with it because like, I was tired of explaining, I tired of explaining that like this insane theory wasn't actually happening.


I would, one time I thought he had my phone tapped. This was one time where he quit suicide Boys on Twitter. I dunno if you remember that. Oh, I remember. And he, I remember where I was at at the time. He had just bought a condo in Bradenton, Florida, outside of Sarasota. And I can't get in touch with him. Kyle can't get in touch with him. And we decide, let's, let's go out there. Let's just press him. Let's be in person. So long story short, we fly down there. Wow. Rent a car, drive to his apartment and he doesn't expect us, he doesn't know we're coming. We go upstairs and I knock on the door and he is like, one second. And I think to myself like, man, I just flew out here and Dr. Fuck that. I'm not waiting a second. I was like, bro, I'm here. What's up? Like what's the problem? And he was like, gimme a second. He Had Hadda, go to the bathroom, do his little thing to catch my drift.


And then we get him outside and he was ready to talk. And this long story to say I was trying to like see, I was like, is he fucking with me? Is he lying to me? Is he thinking I'm, does he think I'm stupid or does he actually believe this shit is and is he is is he fucking crazy? Yeah. So I Had Hadda sit him down and I was like, bro, this Southwest thing, do you think that the board like of like the people on the board of Southwest sit in a boardroom. Southwest Airlines. Southwest Airlines. And they, they discuss how we're gonna assassinate scrim from suicide boys. And he looked at me dead in the eyes, the most serious look on his face. And he goes, yes. And I lost my mind, bro. I took my phone and I threw it on the, I was trying to hit the grass, but I hit the sidewalk.


The fucker sparked. Yeah. And That piss you off even more. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I thought they were trying to kill me because my brother had bootlegged one of our tracks and, and 'cause he was bad off on dope and sold it to this person for like 800 bucks. Yeah. But actually didn't give him the song. Right. He just scammed him. And I thought the person he scammed was the son of somebody on the board of Southwest and they were so it's gonna take me out to speak on the other damn Bro To speak on the other side of things. I'm thinking, what is coming out of his mouth? Is it real or not? Come to find out the story of his brother stealing a song and selling it is true. So it's like, and I'm sitting there and I feel bad 'cause I'm like then calling him a liar in my head and all this shit.


And then I find out it's true. So then I'm like, alright, so is all of this true? I I still refuse to believe that the board of Southwest this meeting to discuss his assassination. But I had my, I, my brother and my family. That was a crazy, crazy fucking time bro. I was very convincing. There's A guy living at our, at our house at the moment and he was like trying to get off work to just come down and just say hi. Oh and just mill around. Yeah. Like a loitering they call it. Yeah. Yeah. I think you guys loitering must be a British thing, huh? 'cause we wouldn't say that. Loitering. What would you say? Stalking? We'd be like, Oh yeah, stalking. Yeah. Well stalking is more like once you've loitered and you see something in the window, you know, you see something, you see a bit of tits in the distance or something.


Yeah. But yeah, that's stalking. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's breaking and entering, you know, and then it's marriage usually. Yeah. If you have a way with words, I think here's a couple of vettes right here. Bring them up. And this is Jan Ma. Damn, this fucking kid is ripping bro. Wow. Full allowance this week. Been through a breakthrough. God. Yeah. Yes. Look at his face. His, how does he even know how to feel all this?


I got a game on tour right now. This kid could also be 40 years old. Dude. We dunno what's going on bro. Unreal. If that's a real person and not ai, wow. No one's gonna know. The kids aren't gonna remember this fucking guy. Dude. Most people can't even see that far. How, how far can people see usually? What do you mean? I'm just saying like, how far can somebody see? What does, what does that Mean? The average sight distance for a person with normal vision is about three miles. Get fucked dude. When standing on a flat surface with their eyes about five feet above the ground. That is bullshit. I thought it was like 70 feet or something.


Why are you asking this question? I'm not sure exactly. I guess what were you, we were just talking about David Spade average re I just got a cyber truck too. Oh, you were telling me that. Yeah. You got it. Yeah. How is it? It's wild bro. I mean, for one you feel like you kind of work at Lowe's kind of a little because it feels like you're supposed to be like delivering something to somebody but you never drop it off. What do you put back there? I don't it. Well no, it's just the whole car feels a little bit like a appliance. Yeah. So it, that it feels like, it feels like sometimes somebody's just gonna open up the back and just put a TV dinner in it. You know, it's just has this like kind of, or just put a load of laundry in there.


Just press a button, you know? Yeah. It has an appliance kind of feel. But then it makes this sound when you go fast and it literally feels like you're going into the future. Nice. And some people don't know what it is. Like there was a guy who like, I dunno if he was homeless or not, but he just, he just seemed really homeless and he, he was like, what is it? What is it? You know? And then he just kind of started yelling at it and just cracked a beer open. And I was like, God, Being married to a gay man would be fun because there's a feminine energy to him. That would be like, almost like having a girlfriend kind Of thing. Oh. It's the largest Pomeranian you can have if you're a woman is a gay husband.


Yeah. I like this. That's why I said I feel like that would be your type if you dated black girls. I'm willing to date a nice black girl. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What is, I mean A black girl. That's nice. What Does she look like? Like describe Just tall kind. Yeah. That's some booty on her bro. Yeah, I knew that. I knew that. And the tit, some of the titty went into the booty. I was like, damn, this a whole, I'm trying to imagine that It was just a mm god damn Like Coke bottle shape. I mean she looked like the letter S bro. Yeah. Yeah. And she was really pretty eyes. Yeah. Nice.


Soft spoken. Looked at me twice. Yeah. Yeah. One time I hung around for a long time for the second look. Yeah. But still counts. It's getting weird At that point. It still counts. But yeah, it was a little weird. It was getting weird. Yeah. And I waved and I walked off bro. And the wave was what fucking fucked me up Because what type of fucking guy waves. See that's gonna turn black women off. I know you don't do that shit. You gotta be a little bit gangster. You gotta be straight up. They, they want straightforward. Especially coming from you. You know what I'm saying? One, one of our white brothers in the community. I think more black women want you to be, you gotta be more assertive. Not too much. Okay. 'cause you know how y'all, y'all get, but Yeah, none of that.


Y'all gotta meet her. None of That turned back to clock of that. I'm a modern day soldier brother. You get what I'm saying? Oh yeah. Like yeah. A hundred percent buddy. None of that. Going back to the 18 hundreds. Bullshit. Oh, I'm saying like, I know like be assertive as if Like 2012 and up, bro. That's What I, yeah. 2012 and up assertive. Right. Okay. You're fine as hell. You are beautiful. Yeah. And I would like to see you soon. That works. But you gotta be, you gotta give 'em a little get they, they want, they wanna feel the umph, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Nah, nah. I'm little motherfucker type y'all.


You get what I'm saying Back? Yeah. What's your kiddo like? I've, I dunno if I, She's a stud. Oh, it's a baby. It's a girl. Were you there when she was born? I pulled her out of the coochie. No you didn't. Yeah, I did. They let me bring my catana in. Oh my. What kind of shoes did you wear? Clothes toed, obviously. I, I Did. I aint know if it was anybody Close toed shoes. I Think that's what God wants. Yeah. You have to, anybody that wears open toe shoes to their child's birth is obviously, first of all a Jimmy Buffett fan. Well, fuck yeah. Well that's the one exception I think Jimmy Buffett could wear Thongs two is to the child's birth, I think. Well, what are you supposed to wear?


Like, oh, I was saying, I pulled her right out. Right out. No way. You didn't by the head. I did. I got gloved up, scratched up. And they let you do it. There's not somebody theirs or a lifeguard or something. Well, I don't know. My doctor was such a Baller. And is the mom awake during this? Yes Sir. Okay. She is full awake. Did She's not on her phone or anything. Is she? Dude, she's on Clash of Clans. Aw, that's amazing. The child has filed emancipation papers. Yeah. You can see him right there begging for a sip. Look at That. Yeah, he, he's in That's deep Roy, isn't it? That's not, that's Deep Roy. That's not a child. That's deep Roy. And Roy's getting, look at her. She's just beyond.


This is a new headshot. This new Headshot. A deep Roy has pretended to be an infant. They're gonna have, have this gonna be a newspaper article. Article. Whitney the Cummings baby was actually deep. Right. I wouldn't be surprised. There's a lot of, look, things are getting so tough out there, Tim. Little people are going undercover. They just Had Hadda Russian girl. Yeah. Faked the family to be able to eat and, and and survive. So they're just gonna have to, you know, and Whitney, because Whitney is is, you know, she's busy. She's busy. Yeah. This the thing with Whitney, she's a great mom and everything, but she's busy. She's got a lot going on. So she up, she might not notice if her son is deep Roy.


She might not have noticed If she's got deep Roy there. Oh, you got a fucking young baby who's just an Elvis outfit. She might like how quickly he's growing and like, she might be like, well my baby's so impressive. He's speaking, he's Speaking Hindu, he's Speaking. Dude. Do He's dressed like Elvis. Yeah, he's doing great. Like I've done, I've done a great job. I mean, how would you approach that? I was a kid. You your, your wife is allergic to the fucking, you know what I mean, cat and I'm your kid. Be real. I would don't do comedy. Don't do comedy right now. Okay. I would probably get a shake. So I'm your, I'm your dad. I'm your son. Okay. Hey Dan. Boo.


No, no. You don't have to Do it. Sorry. Just do it like me. I dunno. Wait, wait. You don't have to have an Asian accent. Okay. I dunno what, I dunno what country we're I? No, no, no, you're you. Okay, got it. I didn't know what, I don't know. You gonna have an Asian accent? I know what country we're in over. No, we're in America. Who is the fuck? Well gimme a setting there. Alright. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Well let you I have to be that specific. Yeah, you're just, okay. You live in Nashville. Okay. Your wife is white. You're my son. Yeah. You, I'm so I'm not Asian. All right. Make believe that I'm your biological son. Okay. Right. Yeah. Hey Daddy. Hey Chucky. What's up? I dunno. The people don't even get thought of anymore. It feels like a lot of times. And here's the toughest part.


I think Bernie is, as a person who, you know, has felt like in their life, maybe their father died in a war, their grandfather died in a war and they've been tried to pay their taxes and be a, you know, considerate person in their town or their country. After a while, those good people start, it starts to erode a little because they don't feel like, and they lose their sense of purpose. Purpose, man. When you're, you lose the fabric of your society. A lot of people, that's how they, they didn't even realize that. A lot of us don't even realize that's, we identify as an American. And when you realize, well America's nothing, but it's a, it's a shell LLC for fucking big corporation. Then what am I, I'm just a, I'm just a idiot.


You know? And you almost feel ashamed of yourself, you know? Or you can, you know, anyway, just, I don't know, a lot of that stuff just, I just don't see how people think that that's good. Or how you're gonna still be able to get people to buy in. Theo, I think you said it better than I did. I mean, I agree with you. I think a lot of people are ashamed. They're given up. They're hurting. Yeah. And they, And many of these people have fought and died, or their families have fought and died in wars and they're good people. And maybe they're, you know, nurses and they're, you know, business people. Yeah. Anything crossing guard mail man. Right, Exactly. They believe in their community. Yeah. And meanwhile they're getting ripped off by people on top politically and economically. Well even the radio, like you're saying, it's like you used to have like a newspaper and you, you read and it, it meant something.


Your community meant something. And it used to be that your grandpa worked at the factory and they made the table that you have in your home. And so everything Had Hadda story to it. There's some connection. And now it's like we're buying stuff from countries that they're making it, they don't care. We're using it. We don't care. There's no story. Nobody has any, like, there's no, there's no thread. You know, the thread just gets, gets thin. Man, That's a very profound point you just made. And So how do we get it back? You know? Ain't Easy. Yeah. But I think It it, but I think you hit the nail on the head And you don't drink or smoke. Right? I don't drink or smoke. You never have. No, I never have. I've, I Had Hadda great brother who taught me a lesson, don't drink.


What was his name? Donald. His name was Fred. Fred Trump. So I never Had Hadda cigarette. And I've never Had Hadda glass of alcohol. And my brother was incredible. He would tell me. 'cause he knew he Had Hadda problem. And he'd say, don't ever drink, don't ever smoke. He'd always add smoking because he did smoke a lot. Did you guys ever do anything fun together? Like one nice memory that you have with him? He Had Hadda great talent for flying. He was a pilot. Oh, sweet. And he loved it. And he, Did you ever fly with him? I did. I flow with him. He, he was a great pilot and a very talented other pilots would come to his house to study with him, watch Him fly. And, and he was really talented that, but ultimately he Had Hadda give that because of the alcohol.


He Had Hadda give that up, which was a hard thing for him to do. But he Had Hadda give that up. Oh, I saw where you had, your mom was out and you congratulated her on, she almost has 10 years of sobriety, you said? That's Right. Yeah. She's In January. January Of 2025. She'll be 10 years clean and sober. What was it like growing up, like with an alcoholic mother? Like, and no judgment against your mother. This is just to look at it, right? Yeah, yeah. Sure. No, I appreciate that. Yeah. What, what is that like, like is it hard to make a connection with your mom? Like what are some of the side effects of that on a child? Even as a young kid, I sort of very neatly divided the world into like three categories of people, right? There were the helpless people, the victims, the people who needed to be helped.


There were the bad guys who were preying on the victims. And then there were the, the strong people who sort of stood up for, for everybody else and stood up to the bad guys. And that's like, you know, that's overly simplistic. But definitely, you know, I, I saw my mom growing up very much as this person who was, who was kind of a victim and was being preyed on by, by bad people. Right. And then the person who was sort of looking up for us and standing up for me especially was my grandmother. And I think that that that attitude of, you know, some people are just not as strong as we wish them to be. And I probably went into the Marine Corps.


I was pretty whiny, pretty resentful. Kid was pissed off at my mom, was pissed off at all these other people. 'cause I didn't have the things that I thought I should have. And then eventually, yeah, there's me when I was much, much skinnier. Much better looking. Oh Yeah, the Marines dude. That was the original Ozempic. That's right. That's right. That's Right. There's a lot of Asians for Trump out there. Do you know that? Or, or how do Asians feel about Trump? Well, let's say it man. Can I say something to you? Yeah. I'm not the president of Asians. I I seem to think that, you seem to think that I'm their leader. Like every month there's a gathering, right.


And I get all this information from people. Yeah. Right. And then I go out to the world. I'm their spokesperson or something. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. You're like Kim Jong No I'm not Kim Jong. You're like a smaller ver you're like scam Jong-un I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There was, there was one lady that covered the Trump thing. I think this was an Asian lady. Do you see the thing covered? The, that time that we interviewed Trump, this is kind of self aggrandizing or whatever. Oh, here we go. But that's not even all Trump has wooed this hyper masculine online culture. Deeply during a recent podcast with the Canadian T oh one. Instead of talking about economy or immigration or healthcare or the global conflicts they discussed cocaine, cocaine addiction, Some.


No. Did you, did you really cooking a Yeah. And some people are just food, just real perf creeps when it comes to eating. You know, I've had owl, my, and you know, I dunno if we can say it or not, but Yes. No you can't. Well, I didn't, you just did. I didn't have it. You ate an owl, you just said you did though, huh? Yeah. You just said you had owl. Did he not just say he had owl? I didn't do it. Wait a minute. But did I think, I think he said eagle. Yeah. No, I didn't say eagle dude. And if I did, it wasn't, it was a ed eagle. So I don't eat bald eagle. No. But I did have, we had al my, my sister's Had Hadda grilled up two owls.


Well, You, you just said you didn't fried have It. I thought we could say see an owl. Well, you, you can't, you can. Sorry, Ronnie did it. No, I ate anything. You Owl leader, a bald eagle. I didn't have a lot. Well, you Didn't, didn't have a lot. There's not a lot to 'em. That's the trick. You didn't swallow. I mean, I didn't inhale. Oh, you know, Thanksgiving, it's, it's interesting that even time says, Hey, hold on, I need you to give some thanks. I need you to, you have to have some gratitude here.


You know? And I think that, that, to me, that's pretty fascinating. That, that is a speed bump that's been put into our calendar. It's just built in there. You know, it's a comma that says, hey, care. Right. Care about the things that have happened to you. You know, find things to have gratitude for. And So I want to think about those today. And just things that I'm thankful for. I'm thankful I, yeah. Being able to whisper. That's a big one. I'm so thankful for that.


Because otherwise everybody in your family would just wouldn't know how you felt about 'em. You're asking me what I've been up to. I, I've been visiting schools. I, I now I have to like look at real schools. 'cause my, my, you know, my, my oldest daughter's like gonna turn five, so that's like kindergarten. So she has, she has to get to like, the real school system. And we were looking at this one place and they have plain clothes, just like guards now with guns. Hmm. So it's kind of sick. I, I was like, dude, I really wanna retire and become a plain clothes. Just walk around a school, just grow like a ponytail and just become a teacher. That's all you do all day. You carry a gun. You just wait for like, some nerd to pop off and you just blast him.


Dude, that'd be, that would be honorable man. If like, but what If you fucking, what if you start tripping in your head and thinking that somebody's, like, some kid is like ploting and Shit. Like, I'm like the true detective. I'm Russ Cole of school. School. Security. Security. I, I'd, I'd have to wait until they po it'd have to pull out first I'd about You think you would set a kid off is Sorry Dude. No. Okay. I'm, I'd be ru like Can you say that? I'm think No, I'm saying, you're saying like get like all tripped out. Like damn is this kid get paranoid. Like I know these motherfuckers Like, oh, Damien's up to some shit. I know he's packing. No, I would just wait. I would chill. I'd do my thing. And the moment one of those motherfuckers pulled out the steel, I would just be there ready to die and just walk 'em down.


Just, that's your job. So Beast Games, that's the show. Yeah. So before this we were, I was showing on episode one of a show I coming out December 19th. Yeah. You said there's a lot of world records that were broken in the, in the shooting of the, of this series. Yeah. 40 Guinness World Records. Wow. Yeah. Oh, we have like so many plaques now that we have up on our wall. I'm basically making a wall out of Guinness Plaques just from the show. What, what are some of the records you guys broke? Most contestants ever in a show, largest cash prize in a show. Most cameras recording at once in a show. Most people. Which you saw? Yeah. In a show like most Money given away in the first episode of a show.


Just like stuff like that. Yeah. Oh, that's the most people. Probably since nine 11, I would think. Ever once. Oh my Gosh. We might have to take that out. Yeah. And that I shouldn't have said that. I'll say something else. Yeah. I haven't seen that many people at the same time. Wait, Why was there a cut before you say what you're saying right now? Huh? There's just, we needed something to, He Had Hadda use the bathroom. Yeah. Yeah. Just Had Hadda use the Yeah. I had already, I'd already soiled the conversation. Oh. That's the most people at once that I'd seen since, oh. Since I was in the parking lot of a widespread panic concert, you know. But that was LSD. That kind of works a little. Yeah, I think that's, honestly, you should keep the first one.


There we go, dude. But if I've done one thing, well, it's what I call failure. And that is, I ran for sophomore, junior, and senior class presidents. I lost three times and based on my track record, I decided to run for student body president. Where I went on to wait for it lose. I've started nine businesses, seven have failed. I can't tell you how many women in Whole Foods and other places and other retail establishments I've been rejected by. Yeah. But the reason I get to live the life I lead, the reason I'm with a very high character, attractive person is because I have always been able to endure, endure rejection. Hmm. And that is the key. That is the skill.


'cause one of the great things about America is we don't embrace failure. That's bullshit. But we tolerate it. If your business fails, but you're a good person, usually your investors will back you again. And if you approach a woman and express interest and she's not interested, you're both gonna be fine. Yeah. And show me a guy. Show me a guy. You know, we all know That guy. You think, okay. He's a nice guy. He's modestly successful. He's not that attractive. And he's with just such a high quality woman. Yeah. That guy is not afraid of rejection. That guy cycled through nine women who said, get the fuck away from me. Yeah. Before he found that one woman who gave him a chance to be funny kind.


She was drawn to a smell. She liked the way he treated his parents. The key to success in America is what Winston Churchill said. And that is the willingness to fail, or your ability to fail and not lose your sense of enthusiasm. There was a study done in Australia. Wow. Or at least I used to work in palliative care as a doctor looking after dying people. You know what the top regret of dying people was? That they didn't have the courage to be themselves. And, and, and the, and the third top regret was that they didn't have the courage to express their emotions. They pretended to be happy when they were not, and so on. So the question for the rest of us is, do we wanna wait till some permanent illness wakes us up?


Or should we just confront the fact that in so many ways we're afraid to be authentic? 'cause we're so afraid of being rejected. You've Really taken over America, dude. You've kind of become like a, like a stitch in the American flag. I feel like you're like this thing that everybody feels like they can believe in. You know, there Was a time last year and I just like Had Hadda prayer where I was like, I wanna be happy, I want to travel and I wanna meet people. And God answered me like crazy. Like really? Yeah. Wow. And you really were praying that? Yeah. No, he humbled me for sure. Wow, man. That's powerful, huh? Yeah. No power and prayer. You gonna pay me to go fucking relive my life.


You said, Hey Sean, you wanna go hit the restart button? Like, fuck you, really? Fuck no. The school system's like, oh, Sean, like he's just a bad kid. They don't realize I'm up till three o'clock in the morning. Right. Like, you know, late. I mean, fuck dude, I remember it's Hard to stay up late and Learn, dude. I remember like laying in bed like, I remember when I stopped believing in God, man, like fucking, like I had fucking, yeah. It's crazy shit, dude. Crazy shit, man. Yeah, it's okay man. It's a lot of, that's sad, dude. I used to be scared at night. Like, I used to stand up, like I heard when I was a kid that like, if you peed around your like animals could pee somewhere, that other animals wouldn't come. You know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about, huh?


Yeah, man. I got, have you ever heard that? Yeah, I'm sorry bud. So, Ah, man. I'm sorry buddy. It's all good, dude. We don't have to talk, man. I can just sit here with you for a minute. Oh fuck. Fuck. Six seconds. I can just sit here. We can just sit here. Nah, It's all good, dude. Six seconds. I just process it.


I think it's little hard things that people don't understand, but like trauma, you know? Yeah. Sometimes it just comes out. Oh No, dude. Like I remember I have a hole in my gum. Yeah. When I was a kid, I used to scratch my gum and I have a hole in my gum, you know, I'm Just from being nervous and stuff. Nah. Just anxiety, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Even to this day. Yeah.


I mean, the day, dude, like I'm a grown ass man. I don't give a fuck. I mean, you could post this, I don't Care. Oh dude, I don't have any. No, It's all good, dude. I mean, it's, it is what it is, dude. Like it is what it is. Like people understand, like when I talk about like, oh, I'd kill a man. It's like you don't understand. You're like, when do you go through that level of trauma? Like you just viewed the world differently. Anything new in the Dayton world? Kinda. Yeah. What you got your little squirrel buddy? What happened? Well, back in March I Had Hadda, little, little incident with a, with a girl. You had an incident. I met her at a bar and then went home with her that night.


And now Riley, at this point you've nev you still in, in your ejaculatory promissory note with the Lord is still intact, right? Correct. Okay, so what happened? Did you end up, I mean like how did it end, dude, you know what I'm saying? Like, did you end up, you know, creaming that little nugget or what happened? I did. No. What? Riley, Mel. God, baby. Congratulations dude, I don't see a lot of that. Come over here and shake my hand real quick. I just wanna shake the hand of a man that's come recently this year.


Congratulations man. Thank you. Good to see you, brother. Good to see you. Alright, go back. Well sniffing that cocaine all over town. Honey, don't let my deal go down. Hey. Hey buddy. Let the cocaine be, it was meant for horses, not for men. Dr. Said it. Okay. But he didn't know when. Hey, hey buddy. Let the cocaine be. Yeah. Tell it to me. Tell it to me to drink corn liquor. Let the cocaine be Hey.


Hey buddy. Let the cocaine be. Yeah. Tell it to me. Tell it to me to drink corn liquor. Let the cocaine be, Hey buddy. Let the cocaine be. Wow. I'm walking up the field, going down. Main trying to find a nickel for to buy cocaine. Hey, hey. But let cocaine be, it'll burn out. You now just red. The goddamn cocaine will kill you dead. Hey, hey bud. Let's cocaine be Yeah.


Tell it to me. Tell it to me. Mera corn liquor. Let the cocaine be Hey. Hey bud. Let's cocaine be Yeah. Tell it to me. Tell it to mera corn liquor. Let the cocaine be Hey. Hey bud. Let's cocaine be, oh. Well I don't know what I'm going to do. It's killed my friends. It's gonna kill me too. Hey, hey. But let cocaine bee. Hey, some of your people, you think you're tough sniffing that cocaine just like snuff.


Hey, hey, but let cocaine bee. Well tell it to me. Tell it to me to drink corn liquor. Let the cocaine bee. Hey bud. Let cocaine bee. Yeah. Tell it to me. Tell it to me. Drink corn liquid about the Coke candy. Be Hey, let's candy be Wow. Hell yeah, man.