
These are exciting brand new tour Dates during the L-S-U-U-S-C game. I will be playing that weekend in Las, Vegas, Nevada. That's August 30th and 31st. Back at Resorts World. Las Vegas, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, September 25th at the Paycom Center. North Little Rock, Arkansas, September 26th at Simmons Bank Arena. Springfield, Missouri, September 27th at the Great Southern Bank Arena. Kansas City, Missouri, September 28th. Sioux Falls, South Dakota on October 10th.


Lacrosse Wisconsin. October 11th, green Bay, Wisconsin, October 12th in Moline, Illinois. October 13th. Get your tickets early. Starting Wednesday, July 10th at 10 AM Local time with presale code Rat King General on sale Starts Thursday, July 11th at 10 AM Local time. We also have tickets still for Bethel, New, York, Wallingford, Connecticut, Portland, And, Bangor, Maine, as well as other places. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash to u it. Thank you to everyone who's come out to support the show. It just keeps getting better. Thank you. We got new Merch guys. We have new colorways for the Be Good to yourself.


T-shirts. We have Blue Jean, granite Bay, and Ana. Check all that and more at Theo Von store.com. The only place we sell Merch. Today's guest is a comedian, an actor, an entertainer. You know him from Reno 9 1 1 from Grandma's boy. He has a new special Make Joke From Face premiering on YouTube on July 18th. And he has a new tour going on. I'm grateful to spend time today with my friend Mr. Nick Swardson.


I, Little Nicky remember him. Yeah, Of course. Who thought that was an idea? Well, the crazy thing was, I remember God Bless Adam. Oh no, I think it was, it was B Elsa, Bob. It was interesting. But I remember that year we had a lot of like mentally impaired or mentals or whatever they call 'em or Nugget Love Tarnation.


Yeah. Yeah. People say all different things. Yeah. A lot of times it's just like, yeah. If you eat all nuggets all day, you know what I'm saying? And you are in a small classroom, then it's, you are, you Know. It is. Yeah. It's like a commercial for fentanyl. Yeah. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. So It's basically, Well, they had a couple of issues in our area where they like had sprayed for bugs too many times. And so in the, for coming decades, you had a lot of little Nicky running around. Yeah. But at, at, at Halloween, after that film had come out, everybody was little Nicky. Yeah. I love little Nike by the way. It's like such a great movie, but it's like, yeah, there were a lot of like copycats where people you couldn't tell if they were challenged.


Yeah. Or they were from the devil. Yeah. Yeah. And you grew up in Gnar Orleans. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Gee, So like everybody, like on Bourbon Street might be a little Nicky Oh. yeah. A lot of little, A lot of little Dickies. Yeah. A lot of Little Nicky Fuck. Suck off one of my favorite moments. I was gonna tell you this I don know if I ever did Here. Move this over here a little. Let snow this way. Like push it out. Hold on. Okay. All right. Here we go. Me up. So, so back in New Orleans, the first time I was there I was like 19 years old.


You were? Yeah. What is this? Huh? What's this fucking avatar? Well, We have a, What kind of production is This? I don't know. It likes you though. I know. It's that. Okay. Well I'm into black dick now. Well, it's okay. It's that It's also a se Black dick be off. I wonder if there is. Yeah. Like black dick is is it a seasonal thing? don? Don't know any? I haven't never done. We Don't know yet. Yeah, but it is a valid question. 'cause it's like black dick season. What would it be? Christmas? No, Halloween. Possibly May. Yeah. Maybe Easter. Ooh, Easter Springtime Or Black history month.


Hmm. I mean, I think that'll be Aper pal. Yeah. Maybe we should Suck them all off. I'm not doing it. I'll support anybody. I will pat somebody in the back while they do it. I'll do it. Is that Yep. Is that appropriate? If you pay? Yeah. Like how, yeah, like how do you be supportive of your gay friends? I guess sometimes. Like, you don't pat somebody on the back if they're BJ in somebody. Do you? That's not, that's being weird. Right? That's not being supportive, I guess. I think that's being supportive. I think you're wrong on that. Okay. I think you're like, okay. You know what? You go Gary. Yeah. Yeah. You get it. Gary. Praise him. Get it. Gary Carrot, carrot top. Guzzle, guzzle guzzle buddy.


Yeah. Fucking You play a little kazoo. Jsel. Jel jsel. Yeah. You play the fucking jizz Chisel bells. Why are, that's Why I said Christmas. I think we're there now. Shale bes deck the balls with balls of cocky. So dumb. Oh, Nick. Swardson. Yep. I'm back. Good to see you dude. Dude, He's my fucking dude. Love you very much. Love you too, man. Miss you. My New Orleans story really quick. When I was first there, and this like as a, like somebody that drinks the drunkest I've ever been New Orleans, And. I, I call it La Barf, where I walked down Bourbon Street.


And. I threw up into my hands. No reason why I did that. Hands like this. Yep. Praise And. I vomited and then threw it in the air. Ooh. And I've never done that before since. But like 19, 20 years old, I was like, yeah, this sounds like, and like when LeBron like throws powder in, like, you know, before the game. Yeah. But I threw barf, And. I was like And I. Call it the lab. Barf I don Like it don don't recommend it, but No, You know, you've been down there. Who dat? Oh, I've seen it, bro. Who dat? Well, a lot of times if you, yeah. And you can even, there's a couple brothers down there. You give him a couple dollars, he'll back flip right through the bar, the vomit or whatever. There's a lot of like, there's bro, like there's back Flipping Brothers will roll up on you there.


Like, Hey. Yeah. A back flip vomit, Gimme $3. I'll fucking back. Flip through a Yeah. What up motherfucker? Yeah. Through a vomit or stream or through some asbestos or something. Yeah. They got those hard hitters down there. Yeah. Game on asbestos fucking shots. Yeah. Good god. Asbe boss, Chacha cha Chacha. It's Just, it don't do it. They're just playing that. Don't do it at like Chinese construction sites. Yeah, of course. Cha cha cha cha cha Chacha. Yeah. And then everyone's dead. Everybody. Everybody Suck me up. Me Suck me off. The thing I wanted to tell you, what I really, I'm really bummed out about it. Just lemme just vent please.


Okay. I thought of a movie and it was already made Oh. Yeah. And it was a movie. Frost And. I thought It was like in the vein of what? Chardonnay or whatever the fuck Chardonnay. Yeah. That's not that wives thing. Where like it's a big glass of wine chasing them or whatever. I mean, it could be, but I thought of a movie called Ladon. Ooh. And it was you and me, Armageddon with llamas. And it's already been made. And I was really bummed out. 'cause I tried to find the spelling today and they, they, they were like, yeah, that movie has been made. And I'm like, me and Theo Ladon kill Spade off immediately. David Spade done early. First spa. First Spade fucking bonk.


It's easy to you, you just also need to just sit him on a chair that is a centimeter uneven and his spine is done. Centimeter, uneven couple phone books. He brings his own chair. Yeah, he does. People don't know that, by the way. David Spade, God bless him. Rest in, well rest in peace. Yeah. Yeah. That part. Yeah. Yeah. He passed. But he, he has a bad spine. BYOC. Dude, that dude will bring his own fucking chair anywhere. And the problem, here's what it is, the chair doesn't match the other chairs. That's the problem. It doesn't match at all. No. He has like a metal folding chair. It's like a cafeteria chair from the war or something. It, It looks like the roaring twenties or like something like, yeah, we don't, yeah, it looks horrifying, but it it suits his Back.


There he is. Right there. Look at him with his own chair. Oh my God. Go to my chair in this. What A gypsy. Yeah. Oh my. Go to my chair in that shot. Just show me. Look at my chair. That is Joe Dirt, Regular chair. And he brings his fucking homemade chair. Dude, it's something he made it like church camp or something. He said. Yeah. I think It was like in like a petting zoo or something. What are you gonna do? The guy's a, that's a petting zoo. The guy's a BLM activist, you know? Yeah. We praise him. Oh, we praise him. Good to see you. Dude. That was the drunkest you'd ever been there in New, in New Orleans. That was the drunkest where I was like, I mean, I've never vomited into my hands and threw it in the air.


Yeah. And, I didn't even know what I was accomplishing there. Like, what am I celebrating? Not dying. I think it's Yeah. Or New Orleans like, you know, new Yeah. Are New Orleans. Oh, they get pissed. Or however you pronou It. Yeah. New Orleans, bro. And they say New Orleans baby. And then somebody like, oh, we from New Orleans. And then somebody like, Yeah. They get like hardcore about We ola, bro. And then you'll just have somebody just be like, man, and they'll just give you an oyster and then shoot you in the head. And That's like, and then they fucking fire hose your vomit. And they're like, alright, let on a bite. We get, eat my swamp pussy lips.


It was like, God, the crazy thing about New Orleans is like, if you, if something bad happens to you during a, during like Mardi Gras in a parade, or if you have a stroke or have a child or something. You Are, or Both whatever you're doing. Yeah. A child that has a stroke. Yeah. Whatever. How whatever you're going through it yourself, an ambulance cannot get to you. So you are fucking, You are fucking dead. You are either dead dude or somebody's alive. It's like, it depends on if you're having the stroke or the child. But yeah, it just like, people are like, they'll start digging a grave. They're like, we can't even, the ambulance is like 40 blocks away. Yeah. They're like, yeah, you're gone.


Say goodbye to your aunt. Well, I went all down. Your Aunt Betty was just like, I've got two aborts. Hurricane. Bye bye bye. And they Keep Like, yeah, you're fucking dead. They're like, damn, the water doesn't work here. No shit. First of all, you were eight feet below sea level. The water was never supposed to work. It was never supposed to work. No. I remember one of my favorite times I was at like fucking jazz fest or some nonsense, which is awesome. Yeah. Jazz fest is awesome. But there was, new Orleans is awesome. A there was a police horse. I dunno if I ever told you this. There was a police horse and the, the horse had diarrhea on the wall of a hotel.


It's like right off Bourbon Street. Oh. yeah. Diarrhead on the wall. So I thought this was long time ago. I thought it'd be appropriate to pull my pants down and pretend like I diarrhead. Ooh. So I pulled in front of the cop Oh. yeah. Shit. Tricks. Yeah. Shit tricks. You fucking know my, so I pulled down a shit trick. And the cop, I remember my friend a Polaroid, that's how back, far back it was. Took a shot of me diarying on the horse wall. And the cop just looked at me and he just went, no, now. And I'm like, yeah, but it's funny. Right? And he is like, yeah, I get it. Just fucking move along, man.


It's just like, yeah, patient zero. He's just like, no, I'm not move Along. I'm not entertaining this. I'm not. And he didn't arrest me, thank fucking God. But it was just like, yeah. That's not your diarrhea. Yeah, that's a horse. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're you're copying his diarrhea. Yeah. That's copy written basically too as well. I think if you just It's a shotty written. Yeah. Yeah. The craziest thing is that's New Orleans. You'll be eating in a fine dining restaurant and then a horse just bow blast. That's fucking one of the panes of window glass out. Because everybody right outside of the restaurant is just drinking hand grenades.


Drinking each other's blood. Yeah. They're having caviar. And then all of a sudden fucking splatt comes on the fucking window, Joe says on The, Hey, You everyone's fucked. Oh. Oh my God. Oh man. Praise Him. Praise for a top. Can you praise him? The baby God. And he's with us. What Was I gonna fucking say to you? Good To see you, dude. The great To see you. I love you. The Dr. I, I had a series of times in New Orleans I would get drunk and go, me and my friend would go, we would get too drunk. And then we would just go start, we'd get under like one of the overpasses of the bridge there and we'd start vomiting together.


But in between vomits, we would like just dap each each other out. Wait, in What city? On New Orleans. In between vomiting like we would, because we would go through profuse bouts of vomiting. 'cause like, you know, some of the alcohol, it's just like they've made it at home. Some of the alcohol is like, right. New Orleans is, It's like hair filtered. They're like hair filtered Pubic hair. That's The thing. It's pubic. It's pubic cubes. Yeah. Yeah. New Orleans is like, it's one of the cities where I'm like horrified. Where I'm like, oh God. Like what? Like Vegas I can deal with. It's fine. But there's certain cities where I'm like, oh God, how is this gonna fucking play out? Yeah. You know what I mean?


Where they just pull you into their fucking magic fucking voodoo. Well, it's a lot of big titties, a lot of gout, a lot of undiagnosed sunburn, A lot of mosquito bites. Malaria, good food, everything. Now that's one thing. Ebola Oh. yeah. Some, yeah. Quarter Cup a Tad. Yeah. Maybe a shot Quarter Cup. But it's one of those cities where it's, there's so much going on, but there's music going on, you know? Yeah. That's the thing. It's like the bar in Star Wars where it's like, and you're like, Oh. yeah. I can drink a vase of alcohol. Like, it's not even like casual drinking.


It's just like, oh, can I Get a fire hose of a fucking thing called hurricane? They had a hurricane. Yeah. It's a fucking debilitating. And they're like, let's run it back. Yeah, let's keep the drink going. It's a fucking sugary vy. It's just a diabetes Falcon Crest. Good God. All the drinks there are just named after things that will just kill you around that area, you know? Yeah. A hundred percent. Can I Get a aids bomb? Yeah. Can I Get a black on black crime with a splash of ke? Can I Get a stab in the shadows? So possible. Oh my God. Can I Get a back flip through some fucking throat Mist homie.


But Rot Mist. Can I Get a machete to the dick shot? Dude, some shot names. It's way too. It's like, yeah. Machete to the dick. Or you'll have like vulva doberman and you're like, that seems, Can I Get a clit taco sandwich? What is that? You know, it's got peanut butter and fucking gin, bird flu whatever. Bird Fuck. Yeah. It's fucking horrifying. But like, what's a city where you're like, hor like just touring?


I'm like, You obviously have like, I mean you spent a year at Key West, you know, in Key West. A year and a half in Key West. Okay. Sorry. I can't believe I fucking survived that, by the way, by the way. New Tour toilet head this fall. Nick schwartzen.net. Really? Yep. Oh, nice man. I have a whole new hour and then a new hour coming out on YouTube July 18th. Do you really? Yep. Let's go. Dude. Not my first rodeo dog, Bro. That's awesome, man. Rodeo. Rodeo. I was just in Las Vegas. I almost went and saw the Grateful Dead at the Sphere. I might go back To see This weekend. Our show. My show didn't the, the show didn't get out early enough for us to get over there. We tried to get where we got stuck in traffic.


Weren't you there when I was there? What hotel are you at? At the staying at the Wynn Hotel or, oh, okay. Win Encore. Something it's Called. But where do you do shows there? We did a show at Resorts World. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's a new one. Yeah. Is it great? Yeah. The, the, I didn't stay at the hotel. The place, the venue I thought was really cool. It was nice. The stage is like shiny and you get out there, it feels pretty fancy. Really? Yeah. I heard it's great. But it was good. Dude. I do the Venetia now. Oh. yeah. So that's connected to the Sphere, which is awesome. And I went to And I saw you two there. Yeah. It was amazing. Now would you say, it's like, I had somebody this weekend, they said, don don't know if I would want to see a show somewhere else now.


Because it's so interesting there. And they labeled themselves a spearhead. And I just never heard that. It was like, like I've heard somebody be like a ba like a fan of a band, but never like of a venue that much. I was like, wow. Yeah, I disagree with that. Really? You didn't feel it wasn't like that. I Thought it, it was an an amazing show. It was awesome. But it's like, the stage is so small, so it's like, you know, obviously it's very visceral. We Look at this, bro. Oh my God. Is that what It was like for you? I'm erect. Did I film that? Doubt it. Is that, who's there? Dan Cook. It's high quality. This does look A Gane Cook special. Huh?


Bro, this wasn't unbelievable. Yeah, but I didn't, I didn't have a drone. It's not enough for you. I don't live in a drone. I don't fly around. Oh, that's true. Like a fucking alien. That's true. Yeah. This is drone footage we're looking at guys. You can't see it at home 'cause you are, or you can't see it at home, but some of you can't see it because you're on a radio, you're listening on a radio. I mean, it, it, it was epic. You know what, who I wanna see there? Wham Whites against Mexicans. Yep. Nope. Wham George Michael recipes. Oh really? Are they doing a reenactment or whatever? I just, I pray for it. I think that's a weird prayer to have, but I want that to happen For there to be a wham wham in the chair.


We had a group called Wham in our Town. It was Whites against Mexicans. It was two dudes. That's The most New Orleans thing I've ever heard. Well, they just didn't have any me. I think they kind of actually wanted Mexicans. They were just afraid to invite them or whatever. Right. And so a lot of times people like, pretend like they don't want it, even though they want it. You know? Okay. Like we're whites against Mexicans. Hey. Yeah. I mean, okay. Like reverse psychology. You know what I'm talking about. Right? I get it. But it's like they could invite them. Yeah. And then maybe just have a margarita. Yeah. And enjoy your life. Well, I'm, they, yeah. I mean the, the, the group was affiliated for probably 11 months. I don't think they had a like charter. They didn't have like a sponsor. Yeah, They didn't have a sponsor. They didn't have a charter. They Didn't have like White Claw or something Long term.


Yeah. They didn't have Brandon Shop. Yeah, they didn't have Food Truck is sponsoring. They didn't have Joe Durt.


You know, I love going to concerts and other events. I went to a Las Vegas ACEs game the other day. And I really enjoyed that. And I was thankful to Gametime. That's where I got my tickets at the last minute. It makes getting tickets for concerts and events faster and easier even if you don't buy tickets right away. Prices on the Gametime app actually go down the closer it gets to show start time with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying concert tickets. You want to go see Dead and Co at the sphere or you want to go to a Las? Vegas ACEs WNBA Game Gametime can help. That's right. Gametime also offers the lowest price guarantee. Or Gametime will credit you 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying concert tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. create an account and use code WEEKEND for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. create an account and redeem code weekend. W-E-E-K-E-N-D for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


You know, podcasting has come with things I didn't expect like having a Merch store online. You know, originally we had my buddy Kevin was just making the T-shirts out of his basement with his brother, who I think was drinking a lot. But, but that changed over time. As things built and grew bigger, we needed some e-commerce help. That's what they call it. We started getting worried if things would be done right or how they would be done and, and if they would be the done the same every time. That's why ShipStation helped. ShipStation helps those who own or run a business. If you run an e-commerce business, you already know shipping can consume valuable time and resources. ShipStation makes it easier. They're the multi-carrier shipping solution that integrates wherever you sell online and streamlines your workflow so your business can grow even when you're on summer vacation. Work less and ship more with ShipStation. The innovative tool that helps you turn your shipping challenges into opportunities for growth. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code Theo to sign up for your free 60 day trial. That's ShipStation dot com code. Theo. If your business and e-commerce needs to evolve, ShipStation can help.


I hadn't seen you since. Well, I saw the video that you had about the drink, where you got Dr. Just what happened with the video? It was in Colorado, right? Colorado. Because Ari Madis was working with you. Yeah, Beaver Creek. Yeah. I just worked with Ari this weekend. Yeah, he's great. Yeah. Oh he's great. He's really brilliant. Yeah. It was like the start of my whole spring tour and It was like club Dates to get ready for toilet head again this fall. Nick Swartz and.net toilet head the Floss. And we had a floss sound right there. So yeah, I took an edible 9,000 feed. Yeah. And It was like, the shows were great after that, but It was like, yeah, it was a full brain fart.


And I've rarely had that outside of New Orleans where I vomited and threw it into my hand. But yeah, it was just like a full brain fart. And I was on stage. I was like, oh my God. And the edible hit me. And I was like, fuck. And I'm like on stage, you know what I mean? Like when you're live and you're like, Oh. yeah, here we go. And. I was like just high as fuck. Balls. So you were high so you weren't drunk? No, I had a couple cocktails, but like Edible is what really hit me. Oh Was this bro, that makes me so scared. I've had moments just where I can't kind of remember what I'm talking about. And even that gets scarier. I'll have like a bit that maybe didn't go as well and now I'm like, I start to feel like nervous and then if I can't figure out my next step, I get super scared.


So I can't even imagine if an edible did It was like, but it was so blown out of proportion. It's like, it wasn't like a disaster. Well, people were yelling play like 10, play 10 seconds of it. Have you watched it? Yeah. Go for it. Well, you did it. What are you saying right now? I'll say this. Lemme just, let me ask you this. This is a way to question what Come, What. Okay. I'll tell you Joe. Alright, here we go. And somebody yelled too. And that was I don, The crowd is so belligerent.


Anybody here has kids? Anybody here? What the hell? Oh my God, Dude, it was amazing. Okay. And my apologies to Beaver Creek. I'm not proud of like that, but I was like, yeah, What do you have to say? I Was so fucking high. I was like, What do you have to say to the people at Beaver Creek? Who, first of all, they legalized marijuana there. Yeah. By the way, I'm not the first person to get high in Colorado. Yeah. Like, that's not I, I'm not fucking Christopher. So we have to tell those people because Yeah, it's a tough, that's a double-edged sword. Right. If you invite me over to Chocolate Town or whatever. Right, right. Of course, And I show up. And I end up getting diabetes or whatever, like black lung, whatever you get from eating too much chocolate.


Like Milly Wonka invites you to the chocolate factory. Right. And he is like, suck my chocolate dick. And then you have diabetes, Right? The people And it's On camera. Yeah. And It's on camera. Like, But the people in the town have some responsibility. The people that built the factory and let you have as much chocolate as you want. Yeah. They're making it, they're sitting there making it. And then they judge Judy to you get the fuck out here. Yeah. That's what you wonka people. Yeah. Fucking bonkers. Fucking Tarred Nation. So what Happened? My apologies to Beaver Crate. Sorry. Yeah, no. Well it's a beautiful area too. And where were you at? You guys were at a theater there. Yeah. It was a theater.


You're performing. You go out there. Did you know before you went out there that you were like, I should not go out there right now? No, I was like, I was totally fine, but like, again, like the edible hit me right when I was in the middle of my set and it was a new set. So it's like, again, it's actually really great toilet head this fall. It's a solid endorsement. But I was like, oh God. And it's like, if anybody's taking an edible, especially if you're in altitude like 9,000 feet, even if you're stone sober, it's like aggressive. You know what I mean? Like it hits you stone sober. But I took an edible with a couple cocktails. And I was like, oh no. And I'm like, God, here we go.


And I. Remember the venue went to Ari and they were like, we're gonna pull Nick. And Ari was like, at my back. He's like, don't do that. Nick will figure it out. You know what I mean? Like he'll just, he'll figure it out. It's not his first rodeo. And they were like, Nope. And they pulled me Because they cut the mic at one point. So then you're just talking, you can't, they can't even hear you. Yeah. I was like, yeah, all right. Josie's. I was like, the fuck Were people yell? Like, what were, I don't know. 'cause I, I obviously I wasn't, You were kind of blacked out. I wasn't blacked out. I was just like, I didn't have my set list with me. And like, you know, people like will comment like that. Were in the crowd. I'm like, yeah, I could have gotten through it. But I think people were booing because they pulled me.


Ah. I think they were like, what the fuck? Why is Nick getting pulled? But I think it was half and half. Yeah. 'cause some people start yelling, get this f got or whatever off the stage. You Can say Fni wave. Yeah. Get this, this Fagan. Yeah. Fagan guy. Yeah. Get this beautiful little care. Bear off the stage. Somebody yelled that actually, which I thought was cute. Yeah. Which is appropriate. When you got backstage, what was it like? What did the management say to you or something? They were like, yeah, so yeah, And I was like, yeah. What? All right. Okay. That happened. Oh. yeah. I hate it when people don't even know what to say. Yeah.


They were like, like, oh hey. Oh, oh, suck, suck you. Like it was just ambiguous. It was like, what the fuck? And I was Bear Bear. Did you wake up the next day and you were like, what the, because what happened after that? If the edible hits probably pretty hard, huh? No, it was the best because I went and did two sold out. So all my shows sold out after that. They were awesome. Oh. yeah. People were gonna attest to that At that point. People wanna come and also see if you're gonna fuck up as well. I bet. Yeah. So I did two shows in Aspen at the Belly Up. One of my favorite venues. People threw edibles at me on stage. Uhuh, I was on stage physically I was covered in edibles on the stage. And then I did like six shows in Denver. It was like all awesome.


So, oh, so you you went out right after that? Oh, I, that was the start of my spring tour. So that was the initial show of like, that's how I kicked it off. And. I was like, woke up and all of a sudden It was like a hundred text messages and people were like, Hey man, you are on CNN. It was like so dumb. Yeah. I'm like really? Like, we're gonna blow this out. Like, like TMZ called me. They're like, we want to comment. I'm like, for fucking what? I got too high in Colorado. I apologize. I'll do my own apology. And I, apologize to Beaver Creek. I love them very much. Very sweet. Are they Sweet though? If they got you all doped up, I don know. don don't know.


Jury's still out on that. But they were nice enough to show up and then, you know, be Who, who gave you the edible? I don't wanna snitch on anybody, but somebody did it. You Yeah. You, You want the truth? Yeah. Abraham Lincoln. No way. Yeah. Yeah. Well he got so I, he freed all the slaves. Dude, he freed my brain. He did. How about that? Yeah. He fucking unleashed it. The Kraken. That's why we prayed. Well he sh Yeah. And he unleashed the non crackers as well. I know that. That's for sure.


He a hundred percent did that. There's nobody like him, dude. Imagine what it must have been like for anyone like him. Right. If everybody was racist at the time and he just rolls up and he is like, guys, crazy idea. I'm gonna go to the opera. Just don don't need security. No, he's, I'm saying he's gonna release all the slaves, man. Yeah. But he had to pitch that to his buddies first. Yeah, I see what you're saying. You don't just surprise everybody. Like say, Hey everybody cover your eyes. Right? And then ta-da. So he was the original magician? Is that what you're saying? I mean, I'm just saying he pulled a lot of brothers out of a fucking pretty tough hat. Yeah, he did. But that was a big top hat.


Yeah, it was. Those are fucking hard black dicks. You, you know, he kept his notes in that hat a lot. Yeah, A lot of that. He was fine. And he was very tall as well. How tall was he? That's a valid question. How tall was his beard? I mean, his wife Six four bro. He was the tallest president. Tallest. He has president So he can, he can dunk. Which brings it back to black People. Oh, he definitely obviously wanted a hoop. Or he wouldn't have released all those guys. Yeah, He would. Yeah. He like, he fucking did pickup games in fucking Dude. There's no way. You're not like, oh fuck, I need some better competition. Yeah, He is like, we gotta get these.


He's like, let's go. These fucking white people suck. We gotta get these asshole, these brothers on the court. Oh. yeah, I'm sure James Madison ever. He probably fucking totally jammed on that little time. Oh my God. How hard did he dunk on Thomas Jefferson? Oh, it took his way. He that Did he dunked on him with the Constitution. Oh. He was like, gimme this P piece of paper. Bye. Fucking bye-Bye bye-Bye. Wait, Side note. So hold on. Sorry, I just got off the road. And, I did like three and a half months straight. Did you really? Yeah, three and a half months straight. Did You go to rehab for that? Three and a half months? Or not? Sorry. Or were you really doing comedy? Dude, I was doing clubs, working at my set.


You were so, people are so bonkers. So like when you come to a show, awesome. Yeah. Love you Oh. yeah. Let's not be bonkers. So these are two road stories where this guy, hotel bar at the Marriott. Awesome. this guy shows up and he goes, Hey man, are you Nick, Swardson, And, I go. Yeah. And he goes, can I have a drink with you? And I'm like, yeah, totally. Like I'm down. Like if anybody wants a photo cocktail, I'm down. this guy saddles up and he swear to God I can't make this up. He goes, let me just say something And. I go. Yeah. What? And he goes, I'm gonna say the word a lot. A lot. He just told you straight off.


Yeah. And. I Go. What? And he goes, I'm not racist, but I'm just, just so you know, I'm gonna say that a lot. And. I go, well fucking no, you can't hang out with me. Like, what? What did you think my response would be? Yeah. Like get the fuck outta here. Like Yeah. Like what would I be like, ah, finally somebody has the courage. Like, no, get the fuck outta here. Fucking weirdo. Yeah. Oh, Some of that stuff. Yeah, some, yeah. We Have what road stories do. Like, dude, I have so many. I'm like, oh my god, really? Oh my God. Like crazy people. Yeah. That just like, they just like drunk chicks are the number one most bonkers outside of racist guy.


But it's like, there was one where I did a casino in Connecticut. Mm. And these girls came up and they were like, Hey, thi sha And I go, oh cool. And I go. Yeah, funny And I go, thank you. I go, do you want a picture? And they're like, no. And I'm like, okay, well pleasure to meet you. Thank you for coming to the show. And they're like, yeah. And I turned around, was playing video poker. And they were like mad for some reason. They were like, yeah, you know what? You're not that funny. Fuck you. And. I was like, okay, that escalated. I'm like, yeah, I just, you don't want photo. And they're like, no, go fuck yourself.


And they walked away. And, I am like, okay, Christ. So then the boyfriend comes up, this guy goes, Hey man, were you dick to my girl? That's a worst And. I was like, bro. I'm like, dude, I wasn't, I like offered a photo. Everything. Like I was super nice. And he is like, okay. And I'm like, do you want a shot? Like, and he is like, okay. So he saddles up. So we do a shot watching sports center talking sports. And the guy goes, Hey man, you know what? You're actually really cool. And I'm like, yeah. I'm like a fucking real guy. Like I'm just a dude. Yeah. And he is like, yeah, you know what my girlfriend's a fucking cunt.


Oh. yeah. He's like, just a fucking bitch. Can't handle her liquor. And. I was like, dude, I didn't say that but, and he is like, yeah, fuck that. Sorry about this. You're cool. Like walked away, Dude. We had, I remember one time in that crowd, I said, all the ladies, close your eyes. All right. And then I was like, guys, if you could take your wife on a vacation and eliminate her while y'all were traveling, raise your hand. Right. And none of the ladies were allowed to look. That's amazing. And it was probably, maybe about 1800 people in the crowd. About 11 guys raised their hand. That's hilarious. And one dude even did it like this a little bit like, I think, 'cause he didn't trust, his wife wouldn't see.


So he kinda just did that. But It was like, holy shit dude. A lot of women could go missing. Women could go missing. So easy. I think that's one of the reasons it takes 'em so long to get ready. Probably. Because it might be last looks, you know? Yeah. We don't know. Yeah. That could be like in, in your coffin. That's what you're doing. You got your eyeliner. Put it on. Yep. Just saddle up. Put it on. Get your patching face on Judy. Yeah. Janet. Maybe Janet. Maybe Karine Dude. Maybe Kakas. What's a good, oh bro. One night I remember there was a gal, I went over to her place And what an old timey term by the way.


A gal. A gal? Yeah. What are you from fucking, you valet your time machine? It was, it was fucking weirdo. I was in Philadelphia and there was a gal bro. And Kobe Bryant had died and she made me sleep in this bed with her and a great Dane bro named Kobe that wore lower Ion jersey. What high school did he go to? Yeah, lower Ion pa. Yeah. Yeah. Was that Chicago or no, Philly. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Philly. Oh, that's where he went. I didn't even realize that. I didn't know that's where that was. But I was in Philadelphia. It was after a show stayed over at this girl's house, me this great Dane and her all fucking shared a bed together. And the Great Dane slept in the middle of us, dude. So I've never done any like G-A-Y-S-T-U-F-F.


But that is, it's definitely when you're holding a fucking Great Dane, it's like, Right. It's Not racial, but it's like, It's intriguing Is that it's intriguing a little bit, but it also feels like you're kind of like in a part of the zoo you shouldn't be in. Does that make any sense? Kind Of. I mean, kind of. But also it's like, look At the great end right here. I mean, look at this. You can't. Oh my God. Go back. What? Who is this? People? What? How big was the Great Dane? How? First of all, all your furniture's broken. The second Did he have a penis? Do he have a penis? Does he have a penis? Yeah. Dude, if he rolled over his penis just fall out of the bed and broke the back of a fucking full-grown.


Oh my God. It'll smash a futon. Oh, It'll break the back of a full grown cat that's laying on the down there. Dude, it's a fucking, His dick was a calf. What? He had calf dick Bro. His penis had shoelaces on And I. Like that thing is Shit. Laces. Yeah, Bro was penis poop. His penis had a little tag on it. It said us 10.5, UK 11. I was like, damn. Oh My god. Damn. You can get his penis at Costco. Fucking woe got that fucking ramp on him, homie. You know what I'm saying? Oh my God. He's got a parking lot. Dick, Are you still drinking these days? Because before you weren't, you weren't gonna take a break from drinking. Are you able to manage it? 'cause you had had, you know, you had almost died, didn't you?


You went to the hospital or whatever. Yeah. Almost died. Yeah, yeah. No, I manage it. Yeah, it's fine. Is it, do you, are there drinks you cannot have? I just like, I don't, like, I cut out sugar, so I just like drink. Like if I do drink, it's like Tito's water. Like, it's pretty basic. But like, I quit smoking cigarettes. You did? I never really did drugs. So like, but like I drank casually. Yeah. But like, I don't go like bonkers. Like back in the day, like Key West was a year and a half of like fucking game on like it was. And what were you doing? 'cause you were just hanging at a hotel bar or something. Remember? Because remember I was, Dustin Poirier sent you a picture. Yeah, we talked about, yeah, we talked about it.


He saw you down there one time. Yeah, but I, I would drink 'cause It was like during Covid, so I was just like over everything. Oh. yeah. I was just like, fuck every like the world. Oh, you're just down there counting cube and swimming over having a couple of fucking mojitos. Oh Dude, I was just sucking off fucking margaritas. Oh. yeah. And that's the, the guy's name. Margarita Oh. Yeah. Game on Wayne. No, And. I was just like, I didn't really give a fuck. Yeah. So I just drank like from 8:00 AM to two in the morning, three in the morning every day. It was amazing. But yeah, now I like, I got my shit together and it's awesome. So you didn't go to rehab then? I did not know. Yeah. I mean, I've been there before, but that was like years and years ago.


Yeah. I mean, hours ago. Yeah. I mean, we're in rehab actually, this is minute ago. This is, yeah. We praise him. Well now they have virtual rehab that people are going to, have you heard of this thing? No. It's like through vr whatever. Can you bring that up? Virtual reality rehab You put on like, But You'll what, what is it, Oculus or something? Yeah. You put on something like that. But you'll have somebody at the bar and they'll go sit in the corner for like 40 minutes with fucking rehab on erect and then they Oh, I didn't, I wasn't that close to the guy I saw on it. I, I think you were, But You fucking swamp possum. And the guy's like, I've been at rehab, I just got back and I'm like, you just fucking sat over there with the Oculus on for 30 minutes. Yeah.


I mean, that'd be amazing if I saw Somebody. He's like, yeah, it's outpatient. I was like, alright dude, whatever. Fucking call down. How out are you? Yeah. Fucking bunk. Way outpatient. God, the virtual reality system allows participants to immerse themselves in a variety of settings and situations to practice recovery techniques such as fighting off temptations as well as to receive therapeutic support. Can you even imagine just, I Mean I, I'm not laughing at it. God bless, but I mean, I'm Laughing at It. I mean, we can laugh at it. Imagine, but also like, sorry. No. What are some of these scenarios gonna be? You're, you put on the virtue reality suddenly some guy comes in right. With like a, like a meth queen on his arm.


Right? Right. And you're just supposed to be sitting there just reading a book or something and he, you're like, pick out who might have the eight ball or whatever. Like what is the fucking, But also like you could be in any scenario. So it's like if you have an Oculus, you could be anywhere. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like you Could be at the beach. Yeah. Yeah. But and a little crab tries to bring you up. Yeah. You could Be a Margaritaville or some shit. A Soma or something. Yeah. Yeah. They'll like sit there, somebody shows up with like a fucking fentanyl snowman and you're like, oh Boo. Be ringing S on it. Yeah. You're, you're fucking DOA dog Dude. That's the saddest when there's fentanyl in the snow.


Dude, I think I heard about like that some of those, somebody put fentanyl in one of those cloud seeding machines or whatever. Oh my god. That's a scary thing now, man. It's like you Go Yeah. It's like not a joke. Like I'm not making fun of fennel. It's like fucking horrible. Yeah, but like in it can appear like in a cactus. Oh, you have no idea. So there's even, ah, Sorry. Sound. Dude. We had a, I remember kids would like, not kids, but women, kids, female kids. Right. Would do like Ji and or whatever, And I was kid. They'd put LSD into their vagina and you what?


And they would've chicks like just On Bourbon Street. Yeah. And they'd be like, no, this was more like in people's room in in like a safety of a home or whatever. They'd be like Oh. yeah. Theresa's Ji and homie. And you'd be like, oh fuck bro, I hope she's all right. You know What? That doesn't sound like a safety home in the safety of a home that you just Said. I'm just saying. Yeah. I was like, You put a bunch of drugs in your pussy hole and a fucking gutter, bro. This is a safe place anyway. Drugs in your genitals. Absorb it. Hey. And then Joseph it hot. Brian Callen Bro. But dude, that's fucking Lord's lockbox dude.


That's the original dude. You know that little, that is that safe. That's in the hotel room sometimes. The vagina was, a lot of times people just hide stuff in their wife's vagina. That's the original escape room. Yeah. It's dude. Yeah. You just try to find a way out. Find your life. And that's an Amy Schumer joke. What else is going on? Dude? You see all this stuff that's happening with Sketch? Dude, you see this People were, you know the, what's up brother? No, don don't know what that is. Sketch is a streamer. He's known for his Madden streams for just being like a one of a kind guy. Oh, I think I saw him. Yeah. He was on your show. Yeah. And it was excellent. I've spent time with him over the past few months.


We talk every couple of weeks just like, I mean a gift, sketches a gift to the world. And so I guess allegedly he did, he had some only, he did some OnlyFans stuff a few years back. And some of it may have been homely, erotic, you know, or gay or men, you know, extra men, more than one man type of thing or whatever. Or just gay. And you know what I'm talking about. And so this, all these pictures started coming up. Things that people found in OnlyFans.


And then I think everybody was just curious, is this really him? You, because you, you have no idea now with AR or whatever. You have no idea what anything is, right? It could be. And people like, what did he say? Was it like genital warfare? Don don't know. But people were writing some of the strangest things. Nick, what was that one tweet that I put in there? Well, I mean like what don don't understand, like, is he like canceled or something like, Well it just, this shows the uncannyness of whenever people rip somebody on the internet. Yeah. It's like, what a broken record. It's like good god. And I love sketch. I support 'em a hundred percent. No matter what it is. Somebody tweeted this. How could you, at the sketch reel, I met you.


I used to be a big fan of you. I was your biggest fan of all time. And this is just kind of like a chubby kid or young Filipino woman who has tagged a sketch in this and is kind of calling him out, I guess. And they put a heartbroken emoji, right? So first of all, what does it matter? Why was he, why are you not a fan now? He doesn't have to, he doesn't owe you that. Like he had to tell you that he'd had gay activity or he had OnlyFans. But then here's what happens to this tweet. Somebody shares this tweet tags that tweet and adds to it. Quotes it said, go lose weight. You fat fucking fuck right to this child. Okay. Period.


Oh My god. Fucking fat shit that were after that period. Which doesn't even have a noun in it, I guess. Or it might just be a noun, but it's missing. Yeah. That's doesn't It needs a pre, it needs something. Right? It needs an adverb. Then after that they came to the, so far you would think they come to the defensive sketch because they say, go lose weight. You fucking fat. Fuck comma Mick. Fuck, sorry I left that part out. Period. Fucking fat shit. Then they double spaced and wrote, fuck sketch the gay fuck. It's like, what? Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.


The internet is so bonkers. Insane. I'm like, so don don't read comments. I'm just like so over it where people like, just chime in. Such insanity. Where I'm like, okay. Like but You're nodding. Why even come to the defense? Like what you Basically, yeah. Like what are you, what are you saying? Like, what is anybody? It's like, it's so bonkers. Yeah. And why is this kid like it? Just like, why would the kid be looking for clout just to say, Hey sketch. Like I used to love you didn't tell like he didn't know you. You didn't know him. It's obviously a picture of just some, A random stranger. Yeah. Literally That had met him. And then the other guy quotes, read it one more time, Nick, I can't really Go loose weight.


You fucking fat. Fuck Mick. Fuck. Oh, fucking fat shit. Fuck Sketch the gay. Yeah. And he Like, what is the point? Imagine just spending your time just going like, I gotta, I've gotta chime this in like Yeah. Yeah. I'm like so over it. Like back in the day when I started making movies, And I did Grandma's Boy and like Bench warmers, And. I would read critic reviews, which weren't like that scathing. But they were like, Hey, fuck you fucking suck. Yeah. I'm like, what did I do? Let's try to make a funny movie. Yeah. Like why like when people chime in, it's just like, dude, like what the, what the fucking you go make a movie?


Yeah. He fucking tarred nations. Yeah. Like wow, this shit was such a waste of my time. this guy used to be funny. He'll say stuff like that. Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah. But it'll say that on like a baby announce when it's like hec. You know Hector's here he is four days old and people are like, yeah, I remember when he used to be funny. It's like he's four days old. Yeah. He was, he, he's a child. Like people will comment, they just have no chill man. People don't care. No people wanna chime in like at all times. It's hilarious. Like I'm again, like, I'm just like so over it. Like sometimes I'll like read comments, And I like, Hey man, you're fucking old. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, I know I'm 47. What do you want from me?


What do you C3 po. Yeah. Are you a calendar? Are Yeah. Are you Chewbacca? Yeah. What are you the Mayans or whatever? Yeah. Are you a fucking Egyptian princess? And also first of all the That is mum. Yeah. E Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not a mummy. E fucking. And here's what's dumb about mummies. They don't even make any sounds. Dude, they kind of remind me of door dashers. They don't have any food on 'em, you know? 'cause they're just kind of coming towards you Yeahs. And they're covered in toilet paper and you order toilet paper, which is more ironic where you're like, can I get the toilet paper please? Can you peel it off your fucking Egyptian mummified brain? And I. Do And I feel for sketch here? What? What? What was his comment?


I sent him some messages this morning. Look At this. Open it on us. That was me. That was me. It's okay though. I will tell you what. Okay. Two years ago I did some stuff. I'm sorry if you've seen similar stuff, you know I'm a changed person. What does that mean? It's Going worse than I thought it was. I don know. What does he apologize About? A two years ago, I did not have sexual relations with that man.


I'm just kidding. I did possibly Walk away. Catch On the back. It's okay. What else do I have to say? Hmm. don don't know. Thank you to all my people that have been sticking up for me. I understand. If you're bad, shit hit the fan. I, okay. I was dealing with some addiction problems. What Is going on? What is he apologizing for? Having sex with a man? I don't know. Hit the fan. I, okay. I was dealing with some addiction problems. Addicted Dick, a couple of dick.


But what's the point? After? The point after was not very good. If I was alone, And I was at my house. I probably wouldn't be talked to you right now. But the people at Phase Banks especially, and my friends that I've made over the past couple years came in and they saved me. I don't know what I was gonna do, but Save him. What? What the fuck is Going? I think he was just scared the internet really came after him, you know? Yeah. Don't look at the fucking internet. But I think in his case, it's hard. It's a lot of his life is built on there. And then also it's like if something like that came out, I mean it, you can't just pretend it didn't ha like, or you know what I'm saying?


Like it, it's so strong, but He like blew a guy or who the fucking cares. Well, yeah. Well don don't care what he did. Well no, there was just, whatever it was, it was Take Your wig off Doing gayness. Take your wig off. It's not a wig. Some guy at the airport, It's a fucking wig. Some guy at the airport comes up to me the other day. He goes, that's a wig, isn't It? Yeah. It's a hundred percent a Wig. So you think this is a wig? Dude, You're fucking wig Gourney Weaver. I could imagine if you don't know something like that, you think it's private and then it goes out public. That would be very, that would be alarming. Yeah. It'd be alarming if It was like 18 hundreds Years. I, oh, I agree. I think it's ridiculous. I think anybody coming at him being gay dick Pussy, fucking, who cares?


Yeah. Oh, I think it's, I think it's, I think's ridiculous. Same time. Pussy and a Dick. Oh, but You're a real intersection at that point, dude. I mean, it's both ears. It's Bumper to bumper traffic. Yeah. But it's just interesting, just as he's making this statement, he's like, well, what else do I have to say? It's almost weird. It's like you're, you're plea, you're pleading for peace from this, From just strangers. Right. I, it, it's just kind of fascinating where we are in time, right. That you watch somebody who has to make this plea and even, even as he's trying to figure out what is he even asking for, you know, like what is he Or what is he apologizing For? I agree. It's like, what the fuck? I agree.


But I just think it's fascinating to see that that's where we're at in time. Where you're watching somebody apologize type or whatever it is. Right, right. Totally. To a screen. Yeah. Because of the world that we live in. It's just, it's very interesting, I think. But who cares that, that he was gay. First of all, he was a Texans fan. Way tougher than doing some gay stuff. Way tougher. What? The f Oh, more dudes took down David Carr than did Sketch ever, huh? Yeah, he got sacked 73 times his rookie season. Okay, dude. I mean, good god. He got sacked in his fucking mouth, dude. Yeah. That's what Sack means. And yeah, sketch, I just want to say man.


Yeah, don't just hang in there if you're feeling any type of way or Yeah, just keep your head up, brother. We love you and everybody loves you, dude. And it doesn't matter. Whatever's happened or has Yeah. Whatever. You know, we love you because of who you are and, and yeah. And nothing will change that, bro. So just hang in there and know that people have your back. Some people probably have your front too. Some of these people are perverts, but just know I love you, bro. And, and I'm just one of the millions of people that do.


So just hang in there, champ Sketch. We love you. You're fine. Yeah. Don't stress about this nonsense. And yeah. If you feel like you, and now people do what they want, bro. Some people are gay, some people are straight. Some people don't even know. Some people don't even have a sexuality. There's kids out there, not kids, but adult children or whatever who don't even know. They're like, I don't even know. I like to go to the library or whatever. I didn't even know I had a wiener. You'll have a, somebody say that sometimes. Yeah. They don't even know if there is what a library is. Yeah. But they're gonna go to it. Yeah. You'll Even have a guy Yeah. Being like, oh, look at this long pussy I have with balls under it. You're like, yeah, Look at these fucking fresh fucking la Yeah. Look at how many LABAs do I have?


I have pussies in my armpits. don don't even know what's going on anymore. Yeah. Somebody will be like, oh, look at this long vagina I have. Huh? Look at this. Oh, oh, I'm gonna fucking bring this. That's a Bourbon Street. So throw some beads in my puss. We love you sketch. And sorry, you're having to deal with that. Or if you're, if it's scary or whatever, I just can't imagine It would be very scary. You know? I mean, what is scary about that haunted house is scary. I think don don't think he's gay. It sounded like he had addiction issues and maybe he was doing it for money. So it was something he was keeping secret. And his fame really kind of happened overnight in the last six months.


And everybody just who loved him, found that out a thing he doesn't have to be ashamed for, but he's already felt shame for it. So he was just scared. And it sounded like he was in really bad shape yesterday. But the pe the streamers from Fa Clan really supported him, and he went over there. And I think it's all good. I think he's only gonna be bigger, to be honest. Yeah. I think, I think that's what I'm saying. I just feel so much that he's scared. That's what makes me, but What are you scared of? It's like, Well, you're scared of, you're not Gonna fucking die. He is fine. Right. But I think for YA lot of people, it feels like the internet is the only be all in all. Like you, And, I are at a different age where it's not as much.


Right. We're different ages. But for, for, for the younger generation, I think that that is it. Right. And is that making sense Now? Right. That makes sense. Where it's like, okay, that's, that's the jury of my life. Right. You know what I mean? Where it's like, it's not Right. I Mean, we still have a little bit more of like, there's a human jury and there's an online jury, but I think it gets who fucking Cares. I agree. But I, yeah. But you know what I'm saying. But the power of, is it intense? I mean, even the power of just your video where they had, if you guys were drinking or had done edibles and whatchamacallit, It was like, look how much news. You know what I'm saying? It was like, yes, it doesn't matter, but the media doesn't fucking care what matters, you know? Right. But I didn't, I didn't like hold a grain of salt to like, when it came out, like on TMZ, where It was like, Nick Swardson is fucking hammered on stage and whatever, like, edibles.


And I'm like, yeah, all right. What the fuck? Like, who cares? Yeah. Everybody out there just listening. Don't worry about the internet and comments. It's fucking dumb and superfluous. Makes no sense. Yeah. Like, just move on. Enjoy your life, be you and don't kill people. Yeah. And when you, but I think when you're times, if you're struggling with drugs, people will get into some wild stuff. You know, if people are out there, dude, Everyone's done wild shit. What the fuck? Oh? yeah. I agree. You Look back at your past. You've done some fucking nose nachos. Oh, Lord. Dude, I, somebody's had some nose nachos in their past. Some of those fucking, Yeah.


Fucking fucking Woo woo woo. Some of that fucking snout mustard homie. You feel me? Just fucking that fucking dick mayonnaise. Oh, Hold on. No, no, I'm good. I wanted some coke. No. Okay. Joe Oh. yeah. Don't be that guy. You look, no, I'm kidding. It's like, oh, you want that? I'm kidding, man. You want this wiener coke, homie?


I want to tell you about BlueChew. That's right. BlueChew baby. You. If this wieners are rocking, don't come and knock it. BlueChew baby. They'll get that wiener. Ooh. BlueChew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, ALIS, and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost in an a chewable form. The process is simple. Sign up at BlueChew dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers. And once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. That's right. BlueChew tablets are made in the USA wiener and prepared and shipped directly to your door. Get that wiener up. Baby BlueChew wants to help you have better sex. I like BlueChew. You can even have a little bite, a little nibble. You can take a hole and do what you wanna do. Do that thing, daddy. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew free when you use our promo code, Theo, at checkout. just pay $5 shipping. That's a good deal. That's BlueChew dot com, promo code THEO to receive your first month free. Visit BlueChew dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BlueChew for sponsoring the podcast.


This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. You know, if you struggle with your relationship with yourself or with a loved one, with your children, with a brother, with a FA family member, sometimes it what helps is to practice that relationship with a therapist to practice conversations that you haven't been able to have yet. And BetterHelp can connect you with a therapist. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. If's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP help.com/t HE.


Dude, you know what I saw the other day? Why I, did I tell you, I heard that Frederick Douglas was gay. Did I tell you that Frederick Douglas like the old black author? Yeah. How? Who? There he is, bro. Hit that picture right there. Above one. No. How, how did that come out? Come On, bro. You telling me, bro? And look, I respect, How, how did that come out? That Fred Douglas' gay Bro. I, I respect, I respect fucking f Doug to the end, bro. Yeah, he is a legend. But don't even tell me, bro. He was like little nos escapee. He looks like he was the other member of color. Me bad. Yeah, dude.


Huh? I wanna you up. You I don. Oh, night Sweaty genitals. Sweaty genitals, Bro. FDR And. I just heard that. I'm not saying that. That's something that I've heard a lot. Yeah. Did you grow up with him? How'd you even know that? No, it was just, you would read it on places you would read like little Where did you read that? Just saw, what's it called? Spade.com. No, when people write something on a bench or whatever, you know, Henry got fucked or whatever. You like Watch Jesus. Okay. What's right? I. don. Don don't like read benches and live by it. But benches used to be the internet, though. You didn't have the internet, dude, you had whatever, somebody wrote on bathroom Walls and All that. Yeah. That was the internet.


Don't you know that? The original Reddit, I guess. Yeah, that's, yeah. That's a valid Larry Souks cock or whatever. You're like, oh God. Good to know. Gary's got that gay flu. Yeah. Yeah. Motherfucker hit me up for free tires or whatever, like a one 800 number. But that was the internet. Was the bathroom wall or benches, man. Yeah, that's true. You know what I was looking at recently, man, they had, there's gay animals out there. Like what name? A couple. Yeah. How about this? Then I know some of 'em. Okay, you tell me which, wait. Personally or the genre of the animal. Let's go Genre. Not specific animal. 'cause you can't be like, oh, Paddington bear or whatever. But I want like a genre of an animal or a species.


Or species. Okay. That's the right, is that the right spec? It's species. Species, yeah. You tell me an animal, I'll tell you if it's gay or not. Panda. Not sure. Okay. Giraffe. Fuck yeah, dude. Yeah. Giraffe, Bro. Just dripping dicks. Well, dude, they got fucking waterfall penises. Oh, they just hang down. Well, that Neck too. A neck is just a long penis with sounds in it. It's Like the Ron Jeremy of horses, Basically. And here's the trick about being a giraffe. Giraffe. Your head and eyes are so far from your wiener that if a guy blows or whatever, you can pretend it's not a guy if you want.


Right? Because you're so far you can't See. Yeah. But you're so far removed from it. Like, if I'm up here and somebody's just, you know, whistling on my root or whatever, I can pretend it's whoever. But if I'm right here, like a human, it's hard to not, it's hard to be in denial. Yeah. You can see fucking Steve and Mark. Right? You can see somebody with a, your fucking butt puss. Yeah. You can see somebody with a Terry McClure jersey or something on just harping you down, you know? Yeah. Look at this Oh. yeah, dude. Oh, whoa, hold On. Oh God. Hold on. That did not go well. Why? That thing is pop locking. Whoa, homie, bro. She christon dun.


And that is how you meet a man out there in the woods, buddy. Dude, okay. What? What if a lion's sucking your dick? How fucking sweet would that be? Well, pure giraffe. Giraffe is definitely No teeth. No teeth. A lion's just, maybe the lion doesn't have teeth. It Does. That's why we, okay. It does. It wouldn't we brain, it would nibble that thing down. Just like a, like somebody just biting down a piece of thing. A missile toe. Okay. I like that. Some vegetarian, Yes or no elephant. Gay or no Elephants? No two. Just Dude. What about if the trunk goes into your gin? Oh, and then you can suck your own dick.


Hmm. So does that make the elephant gay? We don't know. What about guess another one? Cheetah? No, they dress gay, I think, but I don't think they are. But they do dress gay. Or They dress either. They Dress like eighties Hairband gay. Yeah. Like Italian women. Yeah. Jersey housewives. Yeah. They At a poison concert. Yeah. God, that's good. Yeah. That they, yeah, they dress pretty gay. What about here, I'll tell you, I'll give you a clue. Nighttime, Halloween. Bats. Bats.


Bats are way gay. Dude. How are, how are bats gay? First Of all, they're hiding in the dark. You can't even see what's going on. Right? Okay. So something just flies right into your wien or whatever. It could be like, oh, I'm a W. You know, like that's the craziest thing. The dark is just this, it's the ultimate. Or It's also like, like I'm sleeping upside down, but they're trying to suck their own dick. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what about Batman? Oh, it's dark. I'm gonna fly into some other bats and just whatever happens, that kind of shit. I'm gonna fly into Robin. Yeah. Who's a fucking gay bird? Yeah. Oh, I'm not gay. I'm, it is just really dark in here. That thing. Yeah. Bats have bat. I got it. Oh, right here in wild little brown bats.


Males often mount other males during late aut in the winter when many of the mounted individuals are, well, That's not real, Are topi. 35% of matings during this period are homosexual. Wow. What does topi mean, Nick? Yeah. What is topi? I've never even heard That word. Mentally or physically inactive or lethargic. So I guess Isn't every man. It's like a K hole, I guess, for animals when many of mounted individuals are topi. Huh? So, yeah. So bats can be gay. Bisons too. Bisons. Look up Bisons being gay, please. That can't be right. Bisons dude. Aren't they basically buffaloes? The American bison is a bovine mammal, which displays homosexual behavior.


Look at him right there. Full anal penetration between bulls has been noted to occur among American bison. Wow. Put in gay bison. And let me know where that bar is. Oh, That's Gago. Sorry. Right there. Zoom in on that picture. Look at the kid. He's kind of off at school or whatever that area is of the yard. Right. And this dude is trying to holler at that. His dad. I mean, good lord. And that one's in blackface, I wanna say. I mean, I, don Dunno if that's okay to say or not. Well, faces can be black. So anyway, just wanted go down a little trail there. Yeah. But Yeah, that was a treasure trail. Yeah. I think the crazy part is just like, yeah, don don't know.


I just feel for sketch. I hope that he's okay. He'll be fine. He's alive. That's all you want. Just to be alive. Oh dude. Totally. Good God. And even that's tough, bro. Sometimes if somebody was like, well, you want to be alive, someone's gonna be hectic. I mean, yeah, but it's like when I wake up every day, I'm like, fuck, here we go. Yeah, Christ in heaven. But if somebody right now was like, would you want to be alive? Or do You wanna have a be a bison? Or Do you wanna have a really nice lunch? Ew. What does the lunch consist of? Four course. Lunch. Soup. Salad. From which establishment? Mm, it's a new Place.


It was it would it be in Gna Orleans's. It's a new place in town. What? I some gumbo. It's a new place And some jubal and some maybe a hurricane. And then Drew bras and then Blue. He just comes outta this throat. Hums of dessert into your mouth. Dude, they used to have that restaurant called Lamberts, where they throw the roll across the Love Lamberts. You've been there? Yeah, of course. Wow. Yeah. It's not my first fucking rodeo, bro. They would throw the roll. They gotta fell to earth. Fucking wig Gypsy. They'd Throw the roll to you across town, I think Billy, I think. Yeah. Gotta Wouldd be like a curve ball. There it is right there. That's the guy who'll throw the roll to you right there.


Lambert's hum. The throw rolls. And they'll hum a bread over at you. Yeah. Amazing. Right there. And that guy probably pay, is that Kirk Cousins right there? That's not he. That's Kirk Oh. yeah. That's an Amish dude. Oh. yeah. Now this is way bigger than anything Sketch. Did you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, Underhand tossing a bread roll to somebody in a full restaurant. I would take that guy over. Kirk Cousins. Yeah. For the Vikings. But yeah, I just can't even believe that that's the biggest issue. I think him being a Texans fan for the past, however long they've been in existence. But I mean, they're like, they're exciting.


I love Houston very much Now. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, back in the day, yeah, they were just, And back in the day, it was two years ago, full Blunt. It was just like JJ Watt was just trying to play every position and try to keep him alive. Yeah. Good God. That's why we pray. What else, man? What else is happening? What else is going on with you? I'm Going on tour toilet head nick schwartzen.net. Got my new special July 18th on YouTube. Game On. And are you, oh, I did see you. And I'm doing Happy Gilmore too. You're Doing Happy Gilmore too. You're in? Yep. Wow. You're in And you're gonna play. I'm gonna play Adam's caddy. Wow. Yeah. Super excited. Have You already read the script or No, There's no script yet, but we start shooting in the fall. Congratulations, bro.


I you excited about that? And then David Spade, I don't know what he is doing. I think he's homeless. David. Yeah, we pray. Do you know? There you go. Comedian x four minutes announces he will play his Adam Sandler candy and Happy Gilmore two. Yep. Very. And how did that come to pass? Did Adam ask you about it? How does that work? He called me up and he goes, why? Why? Why And? I Go And, I. Hey, what's up man? No, he goes, Hey, I'm doing Happy Gilmore too. I'm like, oh, that's fucking awesome. Because he had turned it down for like decades. He was like, never wanted to do like a reboot of it or a sequel.


And he was like, yeah. He's like, don, don't have a script yet. But I wanted to play the Caddy And. I'm like, yeah, fuck. Yeah. Amazing. So super stoked. Any opportunity for a grandma's boy too, you Think? No, I got off a grandma's boy too. I turned it down. Really? Yeah. I just like, sequels are so tricky, especially with comedy. So I was like, yeah, I don't, I thought about it for a minute. The only sequel I ever wanted to do really bad And I had thought of a whole concept was Bench Warmers two. So I really wanted to do that. And we lost the rights to the fucking movie and they made some bonkers shit show of a sequel, but I had like a whole outline of it.


That was the only one I would do a sequel To. Bitch Warmers two. Yeah. It's like balls fart or something. Yeah, Yeah. Whatever. Mine would've been Balls Shart. So you'll be in that. That's awesome, man. In Happy humor. Yeah. Yeah. What else did I just see? I saw, oh, Steve O's getting breast implants. Did you see that? Is he really doing that? I'm doing a show with him tomorrow night. Are you? Yeah. We're doing the Dr. Phil with Adam Re Oh. Yeah. Feel them fricking bee cups for me then. Yeah. I think he's gonna get 'em for a couple of months. Is it a fundraiser he is doing it for? That's the most Steve-O thing ever. By the way. Steve's amazing. I love him.


But getting tits is, Is he like, is he gonna get rid of his penis? don? Don't know. Let me see. This says right here, Jack, as Star Stevo confirmed this week, he's gonna undergo breast augmentation for a laugh during an appearance on the X five podcast on Wednesday, the 50-year-old prankster said he is been thinking about getting a pair of fake breasts for years. I came up with the idea a few years ago to Get a boob job and just film a bunch of legitimately funny, hidden camera pranks with me in disguise in various disguises. I, I mean, I spoke with the doctors, And I said to them, candidly, the one thing I'm really freaked out about and bummed out about and would back out of this over as if I'm just gonna be a mess afterwards, he's gonna get Dec Cup.


Wow. I wouldn't go that heavy, I don't think. Yeah, that's a little aggressive. Two months it comes out. Absolutely no issues. That's what the doctor told him. Wow. But Dec Cup is aggressive. Yeah. Dish feels, why not just wear fake boobs to me? Like why not just wear a Yeah, totally. Like a prosthetic tit Or something. Or synthetic. What is it? Yeah. Yeah. A few years ago to Get a boob job. If you go through this, IX five will pay for that. Oh wow. And I do that since haven't taken. Look, I just so haven't had my checkbook. Not a problem, dude. That's actually means a to me.


Oh my God. Wow. I'm gonna see him tomorrow, so I'll ask him. I'll text you. That's incredible, man. Yeah. Getting some breasts would be, I don't know if I would love him. What do you think, Nick? I mean, I don't think I want, I don't want breasts I don don. Don't think I want that. I mean, that would be Dec Cup again, as like that's That's a haul. Yeah. You're hauling some fucking weight. Yeah. You got some mammaries. Yeah. Right there. And you don't have a fake baby. Mm. Just suck on them to cons. Mm. You know what I'm Saying? And there's no way, you're not gonna put your tongue on 'em a little if you have them.


Well, no. You gotta eat 'em out. Oh. Yeah. You wanna be fucking nip. Yeah. I mean, I would definitely just juice box those little bad boys, you know? Yeah. But I want juice boxes in my test Oh. yeah. So I want something Capri sons and then sucking on a vacation and then we praise them. But yeah, I, I would for sure feel my Tits. Would you get some don? Don't know. It just seems like a lot After the thing happened in Colorado, did people call you and like express concern? I was concern. I reached out, I was like, dude, what's going on? I know you hit me up. You were like, what in the fuck? And I was like, what the, like just God, I've already been through hell and back And I was like, yeah, I got too high in Colorado.


I'm like, yeah, what the fuck? People were like, okay, well Yeah, that's true. My bad. That was me. No, No, no, it's fine. Well, you know, you're a good friend, so It's like, oh, like what's going on, man? No, it, it was a valid question, but I was like, you guys, like, people that like know know me. I'm like, they're like, yeah, okay. Like, you're fine. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. I'm not like, you know, I don't, I'm not bonkers. Yeah. It was just like a, a slip. You know what I mean? Where It was like, yeah, I just made the mistake of taking the edible. Mm. And I still take edibles. It's And. I don't even do any other drugs. It's like people think like I'm some like cuckoo brain.


It's like, no, I'm fucking, I know my shit. I'm smart as fuck. Did People start coming to the shows and wanting you to like do the same thing, like kind of trip out or whatever? Well, yeah, like I said, like I did two shows sold out in Aspen. People were throwing edibles at me. Mm. And then, so people afterwards were like, okay, what's gonna happen? And I would address it on stage. I was very candid. I'm like, yeah, I had a bad day at work. You ever have a bad day at work and you end up on the fucking news? Like, yeah, that's a blast. But like my shows after that, like, people can attest to that. Like Yeah, Columbus, Omaha, Philly, Houston. Like they were all great. Like my new set is fire. It's awesome. Nick Schwartzen dotnet.


You feel good about it? Yeah. I love it. I talk about Norm McDonald a lot. Oh. yeah. Yeah. I got three norm stories that are great. Do you remember, did you ever go to his birthday party or anything? Yeah, I went to everything. Really? Yeah. What was where, where was one of his birthday parties at And. I never got to go to it. Well, he would've One's at his house. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's nice. But I remember one of my favorite moments is I was on tour with Sandler Spade and Schneider and Norm. And we were in Connecticut, Mahican Sun. And we were backstage and Norm And I were in the hallway and there's a security guard walking down and he had a gun security guard, but like long hallway. So I saw it.


And, I go to Norm And. I go, Hey, that guy's got a gun. And Norma's like really paranoid about death. And he goes, Hey, what a gun. That guy's got a gun. And I was like, yeah. And he goes in the Sandler's dressing room and it's again, Adam, David, and Rob. And he, norm goes in and he goes, Hey, there's a guy with a gun. And Adam goes, what the fuck? Are you serious? Everyone's like, freaking out. And, I go, oh, no, no, no. I was, no, it's a security guard. I was joking. And everyone's like, what? And Norm goes, yeah, he said it as a guy with a gun. I'm like, yeah, I know. I was just, it was a joke. And he goes, why is that funny?


And Adam's like, what the fuck is wrong with you? I'm like, no, I was just trying to mess with Norm. It's fine. It's fine. And they're like, that's a joke. Fucking psycho. And. I just went to my room alone. And I was like, Is a guy with a gun? How do you, nah, not a gun. Nah. I was like, Ugh. How do I do it? Teach you how to do it. Do what? I was like, guy with a gun. You gotta, yeah. Now it's like a little bit, a little bit of a hesitation where it's like, and you gotta do the hands. Yeah. Right now. Wait a gun. Yeah. So now there's a guy. Yeah. Wait, he is got a gun or what?


What? I, he's guy with a gun. Yeah. It's better. What? What Do You, solid. Alright. What He got a guy. It's Not dead. He's not a dead body. You gotta like, yeah, I have a voice. He's a guy with a Gun. No, you're doing a dead body voice. Sorry. There's a guy with a gun. No. Yeah, guy. You gotta, That's a Guy with a gun. That was kind of it, huh? Yeah. That's better. That's better dog. Hey, what's another impersonation? You do anything? Morgan Freeman? I do a couple impressions that I will save. Okay. For my new hour. I'm not gonna spoil it. There he is. Right there. Look at that. What a Fucking, oh, done. Knots. I loved him.


Oh. yeah. That was impromptu. That's, I'm not going. Well I So stupid Bad. That's the worst. Well listen man. Hey, Your mouth is my toilet. That's the worst done knots ever. It's not That bad S dog shit. Snowman. That's done. Knot. That's done. Not I got out. Yeah. Yeah. I can do. Oh, Morgan Freeman. You know they said it would take a man 600 years to get out of this year of prison.


But Andy re it in less than 20. That Was Frederick Douglas. Oh Really? Wedding boy. Is that? Yeah. That's Frederick Douglas. Dude. No, you eat me out. Yeah. You don't know. That's What's something you miss about, like when you were younger, is there anything you ever like, have nostalgia for ever? You feel like Breaking things? Yeah. I remember like back in the day, like growing up in the eighties. Yeah. 1980s. And. I. Remember It was like, we would have like, okay. Like go outside and play. Yeah. And. I would just break things. I would find things in the dumpster. Remember dumpsters?


Yeah. Yeah. And you would find like some light bulbs and then Break those bitches. Maybe Some fireworks. Yeah. I don't know. The best was if you worked somewhere and they're like, I need you. We need you to take these fluorescent bulbs out. We just changed them out. Yep. Those best. And they would fucking explode. And the powder would come out. Yeah. And then you would orgasm. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, did you ever meet Michael Jackson or not? No. Damn. Not yet. Not yet. What about Spacey? Just did a podcast. Did you ever meet him? Kevin Spacey? Yeah. No. Really? I never did. I saw him at a party and he looked at my genitals. Hmm. That was fine. That's where he looks.


Yeah. No, I never met him. Hmm. He does a podcast. Is He like, like he just had a podcast. Is he like over his like He just did one, But I'm saying, Oh, is he over the allegations against him? I guess nothing ever happened. Oh. yeah. He has his own podcast now. What? Going on with No, that wasn't, that was about his trial. Not okay. Yeah. I don't know. Like, who's canceled or what, what is going on? Yeah. It's fucking weird. Oh, don don't think it, I don't think anybody's canceling where nobody gives a fuck. Who gives a fuck? Kanye got can. Nobody gives a fuck. The dude's still selling out tours, so nobody cares what somebody says in the media. Nobody even reads them. It's like, It's so bizarre.


It's so ambiguous. 'cause it's, you're like, what? Like who is, are they still? Can we, yeah. I think you can kind of do whatever you want. It feels like, you know, I'm gonna fucking fuck this plant. Yeah, Yeah. I'm gonna cancel me. See how that out? It's fine with me. I'm gonna fuck your wig. No. Yep. I'm gonna take a shit on your wig. Don't do that Shit. Wig don't. That's my next special Buddy. Shit. Wig A shit. Wig. Amen. Dude, what's something? Tell me something else from like a t Let, let me think of a good ro. Oh, this was the best, this is the best ro touring story I ever heard. Right? And, I. Don't remember who told it to me. But they said that one night they were at, they had done a show at a comedy club.


They get off stage and their opener, they were both staying at the same hotel. They said, right when they get off stage, some like this hot chick comes and rushes up and is like flirting with them. And they're like, and she's like, let's go back to my place. And her place was like 30 minutes away. So the comic was like, nah, let's just go back to my hotel room. Right? So they go back to the hotel and she starts getting like, super belligerent is like throwing shit at him in the room and stuff, being like, let's go to my place. Let's go to my place. She's like, I have drugs there. And so finally the comedian's like, fuck, this is too crazy, man. And he throws her out of his room. She goes down the hall, or when she's leaving, somehow she comes across the opener who was also staying at the hotel.


The opener goes to leaves with the chick goes to her house, right? They take a taxi there or whatever. They get inside the chick, they're hooking up. They take some pills or the girl took a, took a pill or something like that. The, the girl handcuffs. The guy to a bed, starts giving him like a bj and she passes out. So now the dude's handcuffed to the bed. This chick is passed out on his lap. And he sees like some headlights come across the, through the windows of like a car pulling into the driveway. So he is like, oh fuck. A man comes in, walks down the hallway, looks in the bedroom where this dude is on the bed with this chick, right?


Goes into the kitchen or whatever, does something, comes back, gets the girl, takes her out of there, puts her somewhere, comes back in the room, tells the dude, if I ever see you at my house again, I'm gonna fucking kill you. Blows the dude. I was hoping you were gonna say that. Then lets him go dude. And gave him all his shit and fucking sent him walking. The headlining comedian says like 5:00 AM he gets a call and it's the opener and the opener's at like a gas station or something 25 minutes away and needs some help. Oh my God. I don't know if that's a true story, but it was the guy who told it to me.


And I wanna believe it's true. I I, he told it was so, it had me true. A little Detailed. Yeah. Oh, that'd be the worst, dude. Why the guy? Did he come? I don't know. I mean, that's a valid question. Oh, It just, it's just that kind Of, you have fucking multiple mouths on your dick. It just makes me sad that that's the kind of stuff that's going on. The bait and switch type of thing. That makes you sad. Yeah. Yeah. Do you cry over it? You weep. I wouldn't cry over it. But You said sadness. What bums me out. Okay. He didn't bum you out. That somebody's getting chained up at a house thinking they're gonna hook up with a girl and then somebody's stepdad or whatever comes in and BJ's them out.


No. Yeah. Well, yeah, if I only had a heart. Yeah. No, it's amazing. What else, Man? I mean, those stories. So one story I had, so I had to do a gig in Philly, it was a casino. I had to go through Dallas, And I had a casino in Iowa. So same day. So this is not a similar story in any way, weird segue, but it was one of my favorite moments of the spring tour. So I go Philly through Dallas, Sioux Falls, drive to Iowa. Again, same day, key detail. So I go, And, I, my flight's at six in the morning.


I've gotta make this show in Iowa. So I go to the airport 9:00 PM and I'm like, I'm just gonna sleep at the airport. So I show up at 9:00 PM I'm like, Hey, I'll just sleep at the gate. What Airport? Philadelphia. Okay. So I'm like, I'll just sleep at the airport and like I'll sleep at the airport. Yeah. I was like, I'll sleep under, I don't fucking care. Like I'll just fucking sleep on the floor in front of the gate. What do you mean you'll sleep the airport? My flight was at six in the morning. I've seen people sleep all the time at the airport. It's an airport though. Yeah, I know. I'm like, whatever. Fuck it. So I go, yeah, you're right. 9:00 PM night before And I go, Hey, can I just sleep here? And they were like, no. They were like, TSA is closed.


And I'm like, oh fuck. And they're like, we have a Marriott Airport hotel. And I'm like, oh, okay. So I go to the Marriott, connected to the airport, And. I go, Hey, can I Get a room? And they're like, no, we're sold out. Oversold out. And. I. Go. Oh motherfucker. I'm like, are you serious? And they were like, yeah. So I go to the airport bar at the Marriott and I'm like, can I Get a cocktail? So this couple that I had met in Key West, And. I, go, Nick Schwartzen. And. I go, yeah, what's up And? I go. What are you doing And? I'm like, I'm fucking homeless. I'm homeless. I have no place to stay. I've got a fly to Dallas tomorrow. And they go, oh, we're on that Dallas flight. And. I go, oh, cool. And they're like, you don't have a room?


And I'm like, no. So they're like, do you wanna crash on our floor? So I just slept on this couple's floor. They were so nice. I literally slept on their floor. They gave a pillow, slept on the floor. Oh, wow. And then we woke up four in the morning and made our flight. And I made the gig and it was great. Did they, were they like flirt, like trying It was like a trying to be a swinger thing or No? No, not at all. It was just like, Hey, do you wanna crash? I'm like, don don't know what other comic would do that. Yeah. I would just sleep on a floor. I'm like, And, I. I vaguely knew them from Key West. They were really sweet. But I was just like, yeah, I'm just gonna, yeah, Dude, my buddy Jiggy, he opens up with Impractical Jokers sometimes. Okay.


They're great, by the way. Oh. yeah. Those guys are awesome. Oh. Yeah. Comedian. He was on a, he was on a plane talking to a girl, flirting, having a good time. The plane ends up getting delayed. That doesn't leave the tarmac. He goes back to the gate. The girl kind of speaks a little bit of a different language, but the girl says, you can come and stay with me. So my buddy's like, holy shit, dude. I'm gonna go stay at this girl's place. What are the odds? The girl, they get to the place. It's the girl's grandmother's house. Him, the girl and the grandmother all slept in the same bed just watching a movie. What? Yeah. Any new pets in your life? I do not. I wish, yeah. I travel so much.


I love cats and dogs. I'm addicted. Fully addicted to Instagram. Animal videos. Yeah. Like I spend maybe ballpark two hours a day. Hmm. Watching animal videos and just sending 'em to people. My family. Yeah. Yeah. My friends. Yeah. There's something beautiful about that. There's something I love seeing a little animal. I got to meet some alpacas yesterday, or not yesterday, one week ago. I mean, that's amazing. Where was that? It was in Utah. Oh. Just had a beautiful time forward. Forward to those alpacas a little bit. Right. See if you, I love Pacas right here. Here we go. My boys got 'em. Hey buddies. Oh dang.


Wow. Wow. Bro. That's why I quit smoking homie. Dang. Beautiful. Yeah. Wow. They're beautiful, huh? And they're fur. That's good brother. Actually. And their fur is so warm and soft. Their fur is so warm and soft, dude. And Some of 'em look so weird. And look at this dude, John Rogan. Dude, that was our bus driver. John Rogan. Yeah. Is he related to Joe? He grew up in the same town. Is that true? Yep. My favorite is, I had lunch with Joe Rogan recently and he had Genie Simi.


He brought a Genie lamp, Uhuh and rubbed it. Genie came out and Joe cut it up. Fucking ate it. Yeah. It was amazing. Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah. He's not afraid, Dude. I think sometimes I wish my fucking, I wish I Had metal legs. No. 'cause it would be so clang when you were sitting down. Yeah. But not if you sit Rat. That's why you cross your legs. You wish you had more balls you could handle or not. Or two's good. I think two's fine. I mean, ideally I would like eight little fucking satchel Little family, huh? Yeah. Little fucking hobo satchel. That little with a stick. With a fucking Satchin. Oh. yeah.


Like a little spider carrying their eggs or whatever. Exactly. Yeah. And then they spread and fucking disease. Yeah. Have you ever had a STD or not? I have not. Not yet. Sure. Dude, I'll be on tour. Nick Schwartzen. Everybody. Everybody lies. Is that dude the what? You see that lady that hid those drugs and those burritos? Is that a euphemism or Drug disguised as Taco Bell burritos founding track traffic. Stop. Great. Now I want Taco Bell. Thanks. Wow. You ever do some good blow back in the day, Nick, ever? I was never a big Coke guy, but I did do it one time where It was like really good like 20 years ago.


Yeah. And It was like pure. And what you, you guys have a long night on it. Do you remember that or not? I remember like doing, it was in Atlanta. Fucking a TL. I'll be there on tour. Nick's words. Kidding. I just keep Hoing myself. No, but yeah, I went to some bar and like I did blow with this fucking black dude who was cool as shit. And then we talked philosophy all night. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. It was like one of those cocaine conversations. Yeah. It was just fucking chat saja. And we were just back and forth and we were talking about the difference between Plato and Socrates and then existentialism it. It got like Really? Yeah. It got bonkers. Yeah. I, because I love transcendent transcendentalism and existentialism I seen and like I can talk like all that stuff.


Oh, but it was a great night. It was. It was great. I Got cornered by two brothers one time at a pizza joint actually out there in, out there near Palm Springs and, okay. They were the first people that ever talked about Flat Earth. Two brothers. You wouldn't expect that. You would. Yeah. You might be right. Yeah. You would. What was a pizza joint? It was at a casino out there. I was working at a casino and they had a pizza place in it. don don't remember the Name of it. Oh, okay. It was at a casino though. Yeah. It wasn't like a franchise. It wasn't like pizza. I remember. Yeah. I did a movie in southern Indiana. Yeah. And it was retarded.


My friend Michael Rosenbaum's movie. It is great. It's called Back in the Day. It's awesome. Is it out yet? Yeah, it's out. It's on DVD. Oh, nice. Yeah, it's great. Great movie. But we were in Southern Indiana and they were like, awesome. And, I. Go. Do you guys have like a, like what's a nice restaurant here? And they're like, we have a Pizza Hut. And that was their fancy place. And I was like, all right. So I went to Pizza Hut. But that was their, that was their bar. They were like, yep. Yeah, we have a fancy place. Pizza Hut. Yeah. Yeah. Pizza. It's kind of like, I still have Diarrhea, Pizza. It's kinda like that thing, wherever you put whatever you put in it, it's still gonna be, you can tell 'cause of the roof, you know?


It's almost like if somebody's trans or whatever, like no matter what you do, you know, 'cause of the roof, what the original kind of structure was, you know? Right. Yeah, totally. Like it could be a Chase bank and you're like, yeah, but Yeah, but What was it? We know there was breadsticks up here. Yeah, yeah. Also like whenever Hut is in the word, it's, yeah. There's nothing classy about like, yeah, there's, let's go to Sushi Hut. Yeah. No, I'm not doing that. Let's go to fucking China Hut. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's not good. It's a hot or bistro. I'm like that I don.


Dunno if that's what we should eat at. Dude, we had a dude one time in our neighborhood. I knew we were talking about like kinda racial clothing or whatever earlier. But he had a hat, right? The hat said the N word on the front. Right. He sold this hat. It said the N word on the back. It said, just joking across the bat. So who the fuck sold that? I guess like an entrepreneur or whatever. don don't know what it's called. What? But an entrepreneur. Or an entrepreneur? Dude, I guess So. Hard and entrepreneur. Good. But it was crazy because at first I just saw the, the front of it. And I was like, oh man, you can't, I wouldn't make don don't buy that. I was like, I was like, save me one.


But I wouldn't make a lot of those, you know? Yeah. But, and he goes, dude, no. And he turns around and says, just joking across the bat, It. It's like, oh, it's so weird. Yeah. I mean it's just like one of those gimmicky kind of shirts or whatever. No, I get what it is. You know? Can you see that video where they find him? What if it was a yamaka? The mentally challenged guy and they catch him. They accused him of being a child predator. And then they make him wear a shirt that said, I went to meet up with a child and all I got was this stupid shirt. You believe that shit. Is that real? Yeah. Oh, that's amazing. People it up Nick. It's on TikTok I think. But it's just t Well there's a lot of this child predator stuff now. You know, you see that guy Vital and maybe, and Bradley Martin caught a, they caught a Hollywood executive Suppli.


They surprised him at a pizza place. But it's crazy that just regular everyday citizens now are doing, have become officers. You know? Right. Here you go. Right here. What Is your name? Boris. My name is Boris. Boris What? What's your name? Shake my hand. What's a problem? Why do you sit with my daughter? You know old. She is don. Don't I have no idea. You have no idea. I have no idea. You have no idea? No. What the fuck you thought was gonna happen here? Nothing. I we're gonna have a pizza. don don't know. Pizza. Yeah, you don't know what? How old is she? Brad? I met, you know how old she is? I messed with her. She was 23 on a dating. 23. Is that, is that what the conversation looked like? You want the text messages? She was 23 on a dating 23 dating site.


On a dating. On a dating site? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. She was 23 on dating. How old is she dating? I have no idea. Lila, how old are you? 15, 43. I'm sorry. 15. She was 23 On a dating site. All we've done is talk. So she didn't tell you. She didn't tell you how old she was. That's good. She did. Yeah. How Old is she? Yeah, that's Bradley Martin talking. Some of you guys can't see it if you're just on audio, but they just stopped this guy who I guess met up with a girl at a pizza place. But you're seeing a lot of this now. Like Vigilantes. Vigilantes. Yeah. You're seeing it everywhere. Yeah. But why is it all always come back to pizza? Yeah, That's a good Question. Why don't we ban pizza? Yeah, because pizza.


But yeah, I think Or open up a pizza. Slut hut. Did they lose their job Nick, because of that though? No, it just kind of went away. Oh. But did I thought Vital got kicked off a kick. I thought you were talking about the writer. I'm looking that up. If he got kicked off. don Don't know who that is. It's a streamer. These streamers. If it's a tough business, man, could you imagine that? Milaka did it for a while. Yeah. I mean he was like one of the originals. Yeah. Andy like started streaming like way back in the day. Yeah. And I was like, what the fuck is going on here? Because it'd be crazy when you're around him. He's just streaming. He's this whole universe going in, you know?


Yeah. It's like you're literally stuck in the internet. It feels like. Well you're, you're just non, it's nonstop content, right? So it's like, I can't, it Feels exhausting. It feels super exhausting. Like I am so like tired of like just touring enough and like coming out like new special July 18, but like, you know, just touring and like doing my nonsense and like filming. But I can't imagine like nonstop, like having your phone, like, yeah. Hey, I'm here. Yeah. At Pizza Hut. How old are you? Just like, be like, oh my God, dude. Fuck.


Dude. Imagine if you're just trying to en the, this must be the worst part. You're sitting there, you're just trying to enjoy your meal, Right? And somebody next to you is a child predator. So now your meal's ruined And you're in the background. Yes. So people are Like, people are like, dude, I saw you hanging out with that child predator. You're like hanging out. I was at table seven. Yeah. And they're like, Rick, are you affiliated with Gary? Who's the fucking putting babies on his asshole? And what's in your new special? Is it tough to make a new special these days? I mean, it's hard as shit. 'cause it's like And, I.


Think you know this. Like you've done it long enough where it's like when you have a new hour. So I have a new hour coming out again July 19th, and then a whole new hour in the fall. So every time you have a new hour, it's so daunting. Where I'm like, can I think of another hour? Like after this? Like, don don't know if this might be my last one. I don't know. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like whenever you think of a new hour, it's so hard to write like a good hour. Oh. yeah. I've had bits where I'm like, oh, this is, I'll never have another good bit. This is the best bit I'll ever had. Yeah. I'm always like, I'm done This, this is my favorite joke and this is what I got and that's it. Yeah. Totally. You know? But my new hours fire, dude. Yeah. It's, it's fun as shit. What Are some of the things you're discussing?


Like is it, it's about a certain part of your life? Is it about growing up or is it just stories or what is it? It's kind of like all over the place. Like if you've seen my shows, which people have, it's like storytelling one-liners. It's like kind of all over the map. Like observational Diarrhea stuff or? No, there's Some, a couple D rays. A couple D rays. I make sure my fans know. You show up, you're gonna hear a D ray. We're spraying it on the walls, homie. Yeah. Horse Poopy. Well, yeah, it's just crazy how there's like vigilantism now. It's like, you know. Yeah. Which is cool, but if, if it's warranted, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, yeah, It's great. Like, what do you mean? Like people listening to warrant?


Yeah, like the band warrant. She my shut and sock off. But yeah, if it's warranted, yeah, of course. But I, you know, Remember the first time somebody ever touched your genitals or not? Yeah. Vaguely. Where was it? What count or whatever It was at my family reunion. Oh. yeah. Yeah. That's why we pray. Yeah. Do we need more fucking gay animals? We need and we gotta support our gay animals. That's the thing. We have to, You know, Giraffes, if you see a giraff suck, its dick. They, it's right there.


It's hanging fruit. It's so big though. You know how big it's gonna be. Yeah, but why don't you just suck? Suck It up. What if it, what if, if you Suck it up, dude, It'll rip your jaw open if he fucking moves over the left or whatever. Yeah. Why don't you Get a new jaw. Why don't you get jaw implants? You're gonna have a, you're gonna be in a neck brace. 'cause you try to blow some giraffe, Dude. Yeah. Then you have a great story. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Then people are like, what happened to your jaw turtle Head Giraffe deck. New special coming out. Or a tour. Sorry. Toilet Head. Sorry. Toilet head. Did you say toilet? Toilet head? I said turtle head. Sorry man. I was in Vegas all weekend. My brain is rattled.


His fucking, his wig is off. My wig is off. July 18th. YouTube. Yeah. Make, Joke. From Face. Then toilet hub this fall. Yeah. Game fucking on And sketch. We love you dude. Hang in there. Yeah. I just can't believe that this whole time he's been a Texans fan. Yeah. Houston, It's this. We have a problem. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I praise him. Nick. Swardson. Thanks for hanging out dude. Love you Dude. Sorry if I was a little bit subdued today, man. It's a little bit Tired dude. That's okay. I'm fucking always subdued. Makes jokes from face that comes out July 18th on YouTube.


His tour toilet head. You can get out there now and catch 'em. Any more edibles on stage? Nick, you're done. We don't know yet. Yeah. See how this Plays out. When? I wish it was a night when I could Touchy body. She's my Gary Pie. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Gary Pie. Dude, I love that. Oh, halfway there. Oh, spade has no hair. Yeah, dude. Spade took me to his hair. Doctor. That guy's fucking 2000 years old dude. Oh. yeah.


Good. I, alright, cool man. All right. Praise. Now I'm just on the And I feel. I'm like these leaves, I must be Cornerstone, but when I reach that ground, I'll share this of.