
All right, let's get some tour dates that we have. I August 30th and 31st. These are new. We will be back in Las, Vegas, Nevada at Resorts World. Las Vegas. That is during LSU and USC Weekend, university of Southern California. So if you wanna come left during that weekend, be grateful to have you there. It's gonna be a joy. Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, September 25, north Little Rock. September 26th. Springfield, Missouri. September 27, Kansas City, Missouri, September 28. Sioux, fall. South DA Dakota Dakoda.


October 10th, lacrosse Wisconsin. October 11th, green Bay, Wisconsin on October 12th. And Moline, Illinois, October 13th. Grateful for all of those. Get your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. And there are other shows too. You can find them all on the website. And I. Appreciate you guys' support. I can't believe this that we've gotten to do this. Thank you. We got new Merch guys. We have new colorways for the Be Good to yourself. T-shirts. We have Blue Jean, granite Bay, and Ana. Check all that and more at Theo Von store.com.


The only place we sell Merch. Boom, boom. She got 'em. She got 'em. So they want a thug baby. That's what they say. That's what they say. Baby shorty want a thug. But do, do shorty want a thug though. Look at bad. Ask bad baby right now that you know. Sure. They don't want that thug, you feel me? Sure. They don't. How about this show? They don't want a thug. That's a way better song show. They want a businessman.


Show they want an electrician. That's what show they want, bro. Show they want hopes and dreams. That's a, you know, some of the songs just aren't really, they're not telling the truth. That's the thing. 'cause show, don't want a thug show. Don't want a thug man show. They want a three bedroom house with two and a half bath. Where's that song man? Where is that song?


We need real music, baby. What's going on out there? What's going on? You little, you little cinnamon sniffers, baby. Where y'all at? Huh? Where y'all at? Little hyped up today. It's humid. It's the heat. This heat got me, man. This heat got me, bro. You take a animal outside and next thing you know that thing's grilled. That thing is grilled, bro. You got you a little be on or whatever. You at the park. And next thing you know that thing, it's grilled. You'll have a couple of, I don't wanna say it, but C-H-I-N-E-S-E-E.


You'll have them show up and be like, oh, so what's so happen? What's happening? Appetizer. But yeah, it's just dangerous out there. Dangerous to hit the dog park. Dangerous for anybody. It's dangerous out there. A lot of heat. I was in Las Vegas this weekend. It was 117 degrees, man. I didn't know they had that much degrees. That's the kind of shit you see on the side of a oven, bro. That's just too much. It's just too much degrees for a regular man or woman. So, what's going on, man? I miss you guys. Happy to be here today with you.


I'm in, I'm in the studio. I'm in the OG studio today. So I really feel, yeah, I feel some nostalgia about that. A lot's been going on. A lot's been happening. I hope you guys are, are doing well. Trying to do more solo episodes. 'cause I think it's important. And. I. Miss it. I wanna let you know that. I miss it. Yeah. What's happening? You, I haven't spoken to you guys since I went to, I went to Ireland brother in England, and they call it the United Kingdom, but, but it's not, it's, I guess it's kind of united maybe. I don't know.


If you're in Ireland and you're on stage and, and you yell out, fuck England, they go bonkers, dude. They will start eating the freckles off of each other. They, so I guess it's united, but it's competitive. So that's what they should call it. Probably the Competitive. Kingdom. I think that's very fair. And even certain parts of it feel like, like in Ireland, they're like, we are the real Ireland. You know? And then if you get over to, you know, once you get over to England, like the people in Manchester, they're, they're like, oh fuck London. They're, you know, they're posh, you know?


And so there was just a lot going on, man. It was just a lot to be associated with. But, but I wanna, I wanna say thank you to all the people that came out over there. It's important that I address that. I, I did. You know, sometimes I feel like I leave a place and there's not a way to, to say thank you. You know, I'll go do a show somewhere, And I leave. And a lot of times I'll be sitting in the tour bus or the car or something, and I'll just be like, man, I wish, how do I thank all these people? You know? And I'll share something on my social story or share a thank you. But I'm like, man, I just wish there was a way to, to thank people better sometimes.


And Ireland was pray. Ireland was, it was something else, man. Godspeed to those drunken crooners, bro. Those people, they will, oh, they'll drink their buddy. Dude, I saw a guy put a straw in his friend and fucking drink him right there. All damn. Wow. And he was lukewarm, mostly men. I wanna say that in Ireland. And they're gonna disagree and knots fine, but it's mostly men over there. I've never seen so many men in my life. Wonderful men, you know, beautiful, semi beautiful off beautiful. And not even beautiful men as well. And it's totally white, you know, whitest group.


Afraid of the sun, but not of the Guinness. That's, they're not afraid. That's the one thing, the ness, Bob, the darkest thing in the whole country is the Guinness. They didn't have any, like, I, I even saw, I remember seeing one black guy, And I was like, oh my God, are you a Guinness? Like, they just don't have a lot of diversity, you know? In fact, if someone there has a black child, they just name it Guinness. And I'm like, well, that seems, but, but yeah, just a marvelous group of people over there, you know? And in Ireland, they're always, they send, there's always the one Irish guy. They, none of 'em, they all stay inside and they're in there drinking.


And it, it doesn't matter where there is, it could be a home, an apartment. It could be a pet store. You open the pet store, there's a couple pets, right? And then there's like people just in there drinking. It could be. And you open a hardware store and there's three wrenches, and then 11 guys in there drinking and singing the Pogues songs. You know, it's, it's a drinker's paradise over there. It really is. And then every now and then you'll see the one Irish guy who they send to check out to see if it's sunny outside, right? And that's don don't know if he lost a bed or whatever, but there's always that one Irish guy that they send out, you know, to check the weather.


And it could be two degrees Celsius in Ireland, which is like 60 degrees Fahrenheit. And he'll come back in with a sunburn. It's there anybody there. You cut a lamp on, and four guys get sunburned in Ireland. It's just, all right. Oh shit, we need some aloe vera here for Brennan. So, you know, that's a lot of the culture. Even if I turn the light on on my phone, right? 11 guys get sunburned immediately. You're like, oh, Jesus, turn it off. We're gonna get cancer. That I, there, there's always, it's always guys, it's like they're all singing anything.


You, you open up anything, a pothole on the street, they're in there. They're like, and they're just drinking beers and singing. It's just the culture. 'cause I grew up in New Orleans, you know, and so there, there's a lot of drunk people vomiting and like projectile vomiting into people, you know, in the strip clubs and shit. And like, but in Ireland, it's just in them. It's in them. Their bones are 30 proof. It's just built into 'em. So it's a different kind of thing. They're drunk, but they're, they're just Irish.


They're just Irish, you know? The crazy one is, if a guy gets so drunk, the freckles on his face start kind of moving around or relocating. Or they'll spell out things like, oh, you know, Donny needs a taxi. It'll just, the, the freckles will start to ask for help. That's when a guy is too drunk and too Irish. You know? They're like, oh, Michael needs a biscuit. You know? It'll, it'll just start saying like that, oh, call the cops. You know? So you just have to be, you gotta be, you gotta look out for that guy. But it's a beautiful country, man.


Beautiful people. And, I. Guess this is how I kind of say thanks, you know, just by making sure I try to reminisce. What else was, oh, the best thing in Ireland, they're always like, oh, the girls are coming. You'll meet some fellas at a pub or something. They're like, the girls, the the lady, they'll be here soon. The girls are coming and you'll wait 20 minutes or 30 minutes. And the girls are never coming. There's gotta be 11 women in Ireland. And they are busy. I'll say that. They're busy losses, but they're never coming. We went out a couple nights and the, the the guys we met that like, all right, I got, I come Hayden, and we'd wait, and they would just close the bar and send everybody home.


The girls are never coming. We saw what, oh, we saw the in Belfast. And it's beautiful. Lemme tell you this, these places are beautiful. I joke. But they're beautiful. They're beautiful places. And the people are beautiful. They really are as fascinating to see just this culture of just not obsessed with things as much as we are in the States. Just more in the moment. I've definitely noticed that about the Irish, you know, I mean, the moment is a bar. I will say that the moment is a, the moment is 20 proof, but they're in it. They're definitely in it. And we went to Belfast and they have a museum.


They're like, come see the Titanic. Where, where we built the Titanic. And I'm like, dude, I ain't going to see that, bro, that the Titanic sank, bro. Why are you, why? Like, I don't understand, I guess like why if it sank, are you like, come see it, you know, you fucked. It's fucking shit, Lord. It fucking, it drank the ocean brother, so I don't wanna see where you made it. That's not a good shop. That's like in Malaysia. If they're like, oh, come see where we made the plane.


You're like, it's fucking missing. So the girls are coming, they're never coming. Do you get it? They're never coming, the girls. But yeah, I, you know, I'm joking, obviously. And, and you know what's funny though, Irish and, and, and, and English people, you don't have to say you're joking. They fucking love it. That's what I learned. So maybe I'll try to say it less, you know, but yeah, beautiful people over there. Beautiful people in Ireland. And every bar though. Yeah, filled with men. You open any door in Ireland, it's men.


You open a pothole in there, people are drinking. You, you open a cupboard to get you a plate, and there's six people on the plate drinking. You open an app on your phone in Ireland, and there's three guys in the app drinking. You're like, what the hell is this? It's just the culture, man. You open up a somebody, somebody opened a new restaurant and we went for the opening, grand opening. We opened the doors. There's 48 people drinking no food. We went to Dublin. Dublin. And that's like the Posh Ireland, you know, that's like, they call it West England. That's what the other parts of Ireland call it. And the shows there, it was phenomenal.


We always had one show, you know, it was good. It was really good, actually. And then we went down there, to be honest, look, I'll say when they're bad and there's some bad ones, but this one, it was a good one. It was a good one. Sometimes you get off stage and you're like, oh fuck. Finally it was good. You know, And I know I'm hard on myself too, but it's like, yeah, that's how I feel about it. What else happened? Oh? yeah, we went down to Cork, you know, and Cork is at the bottom of Ireland, and it's a different type of place down there, you know, and you think, you know Ireland, you think, oh, cork, you know, they're finally gonna put a cork in the bottle, you know, it'll be kind of sober Ireland or whatever, you know, and they're gonna get down there just living and living just comfortable lives, you know?


But nah, it's just drunk men, drunk cattle. Even they had drunk cattle. I saw two cows that couldn't even pay their tab at a pub. And, and they butchered them right there. God, you know, it's just heartbreaking, you know? And the, the, the barkeeper, he's like, pay your tub. And they're like, and he's like, what are you saying? He's like, more beer. And then they fucking butchered him right there. But he don't, the, the calves don't, they don't have any hands to even pay their tab. The guy put the little like, electronic pay your tab thing and the guy, you know, oh, I guess the bell around her neck, and there's no credit info in it.


So just kind of heartbreaking to witness some of that. But in Cork, we performed in a tent, like in a circus tent. It was outdoors, blue and yellow. It's blue and yellow, and there's a couple, it just, And I was like, who is gonna show up to this circus tent? And some fricking dogs showed up. So that was crazy. That show was kind of tough, just, but it was great, man. It's just been, you know it. Yeah. Hope I don't sound like I'm complaining.


It's just been, yeah, it just like, I don't know. Sometimes it all happens so fast and you wish you could hold onto it, you know? I think that's how I feel. Yeah, sometimes it just all happens so fast and you just wanna hold onto it more. But yeah, we got to go see a dairy farmer, right? When we got over to Cork, the driver, our driver, his cousin or or nephew was working at a dairy farm. So we went out there and that was pretty cool. We got to see the cows and just, you know, I never know that much about a cow, to be honest with you, bro.


Some people look at me and they're like, Oh, yeah, this bastard knows about cows, bro. This that little cow baby. You know, this that little fucking bulldog, bro. That little calf daddy. That's how they see me. They're like, oh, this little, this little boy suck on a ter. You know, this boy is nasty. But the truth is, I don't know much about 'em. A lot of cows, when I look at 'em, they'll like, they kind of remind me of blind people a little bit. And I, don't know why, you know, I guess And I. I don't know if I have to know why, you know? But, but yeah, we got to go see a dairy farm and just see what It was like.


And we got to sit at the table at the farmer's table and just kind of have a, a meal with him and some tea. And that was awesome. That was like the most like, settled thing we did on the whole trip over there in the uk. Yeah. And it was just, but, and the girls are coming. The girls are never coming. Guys. I don't even know how there's any people in Ireland, because you need women to make people, you know, I don't care how progressive you are. You put two dudes in a room for a long time, dude, you open that door again. There's only gonna be two people in there.


You need a woman, bro. They're the, they're the strike to the match. The match is dumb. The strike is where you get that magic baby. And so, yeah, there's like, everybody's like, the girls are coming. They're never coming. They never showed up. We never saw 'em, we never saw 'em, lad they didn't see, it's just, it's a bunch of Conor McGregor fans swearing that the girls are coming and they And, I don't know where the girls are. I don't know. At the dairy farm was, that's the most females I saw. That was it. You know? And some of 'em were cute.


I'll say it, you know, depending on how cold it gets. Some of 'em were cute. Yeah. And the best. But yeah, the cr the wildest thing about Ireland is the, the craziest thing you can do. You can go on stage, you can say, fuck England, and they will go ape shit. They will start eating the freckles off their face. They'll fucking, they'll start licking the sunburn off their buddy. They'll do it all. You know, they really, they love to say that over there. But then I, then we went to England and we couldn't say that anymore on stage, because we were in England, and England was great, dude. You know, I think people know, I've had some history with the British over the years, you know, you know, 'cause we used to be British or whatever.


If you look at the Christopher Columbus, the Bible or whatever, and we left, we're like, we're out. You know? Shorty won a thug, bro. So we left. But then, so I was always like, well, why would you know? You know, it's not going, you know, you, you wanna stay where you are. You know, you're, you're, you're moving forward, you know, you know, they say you can't go home again. You know, it's like that Miranda Lambert song. It's just like, you know, you don't want to go back. It's not the same. But it was great, man.


It was so great, dude. So, I'll say, fuck England when I'm in Ireland, but when I get to England, dude, I'm not saying it anymore. I had a great time. We went to Manchester and one of the best shows, some amazing shows in London we're playing during the soccer match. What was going on? We had Amir Kay on tour with us. Shane Todd was there. If you haven't gotten a check him out, man, he's just such a joy to be around. Jimmy Carr showed up and did a guest set in London along with Katherine Ryan.


And so that was really cool. I, you know, just that kindness of them to say, Hey, I, I, I, I'd love to come and, and be on the show. And that meant a lot to me. You know? I felt really, really welcome there. And it was also a time when the soccer was kicking off in, in, in the uk. So, so people in England were hyped, bro. Harry Kain, h ka people kept yelling, Harry Kain at me, And I thought my penis was hanging out. I'm like, oh, shit, I, I'll wax it, you know? But, but yeah, I just wanna say thank you to everybody that came out over there. It's just such a crazy experience to go to another country and people come out to the show, you know, and then you're worried that like, people don't, like, they don't know what you're talking about, or that you have to change your references or whatever.


But that's not the, you know, some of that's all in my head. So I think like in the first shows of, in Ireland, I was like, worried like there's this exchange rate or whatever, but it's not necessarily the case. So yeah. So that's what It was like over there. I'm trying to think of anything else kind Wonderful that happened. I mean, it was just fast, you know, it was, it just all, it just happens at the speed of life. And sometimes it's, it feels quicker than we wish, you know? It feels quicker than we wish.


Sometimes I feel like life wants to just, like, minutes are just faster than they used to be. Like, even minutes they want to get done with it. They're like, let's get done with it. They're like, I'm just a minute. I'm just gonna hurry. It just used to feel like things were a little bit slower.


Are you struggling with keeping your website up to date and running your business? Well, now you can binge all the web design and digital marketing you want with Modify. Modify helps you with unlimited web design and Redesigns Unlimited website updates, 24 7 support and digital advertising. They designed my website and I'm grateful for that. They've done it for the past maybe three and a half years, and it's been a good experience with them. You know, they call it the last website you'll ever need because you start this program with them and then you just keep moving forward. They take care of the rest. You get a designated designer and support team, consider updating your existing website or getting a new one. Visit modify.com/t HO for 50% off the last website you'll ever need. M-O-D-I-P-H y.com/theo.


What else is going on? Dude, Joe Biden, he's, I love this, bro. Joe Biden has decided now that he's running for president. Now everybody knows that. Or if you don't, and if you don't know, don don't, my issue with Democratic Party is taking advantage of a senior citizen. That's my issue. I think that they should have taken Bobby Kennedy on and brought him into the fold. I think that he is a plausible candidate who's willing to talk about real shit. That's how I feel. He's a plausible candidate that's willing to talk about real things, and not only just wait for the question to come at him, but to say, this is what I want to do.


And when he says it, you believe him. I think people are like, he's batshit crazy. Yeah, well, everybody's batshit crazy, dude. Okay, Jim Henson put his hand up a little bodies and made the Muppets. Dude, you don't think that was fucking crazy. Yeah, it was. Dude. So I just didn. I've never liked that. I known that this guy is not doing well. You know, my father was a senior citizen when I was born. So don don't like the taking advantage of somebody who is not mentally well, it's fucked up.


It's, I don't care who you are. I don't care what you think. It's messed up. And they was doing it. They was puppeting, old fucking Joey b son. And so here's the, here's the hilariousness of it. So he's been experiencing dementia for a while, right? I think that's been pretty obvious. And now they kept telling him so much like these puppeteers, whoever they are, we don't know who they are, but we, well, we know who they are. They've been saying like, you're the President, Joe. You're the guy, you're the president. And now when they're like, you're not, you can't do it. He's like, Hebel, now he's the president.


It's almost like you convince a, a puppet that they're real for so long, and suddenly they fuck, they believe it. So it's just gotten crazy, you know? It's like, if we can't control Biden, how can we control ai? You know? We can't even control B-A-I-D-E-N. Dude. It's a Rat, bro. It's a wrap. So all this shit, to me is just kind of hilarious. I think we need more parties, we need more possibilities. I think we, I, I think the ca CIA and the FBI are corrupt. I believe that we are living in a very corrupt experience with our government.


That's really what I believe. And don don't believe that on the individual. don don't think that the individuals are, I wanna say that, you know, but I think that the powers that are pushing them are, because I don't believe that on, on an individual level. Anyway, sorry, that's a lot of politics from me. But I, I just, I'm so excited now, I'm so, because imagine you like, build a character on an, on an NBA 2K or something, right? Or seven K or whatever it is now. And then finally, you log in one time and you want to use your character or whatever, and your character just fucking looks at the screen and gives you those Nate Diaz number ones baby, the middle fungi.


And then he just does his own shit on the game. And you're, you just have to watch. So that's what I'm to, I am hyped about this, about Biden, just because it's all, that's what you get. That's what you get for telling a puppet that it's real the whole time anyway. So, not to get super political, but those are just some of my thoughts. I'm always about the underdog. You know that a lot of times I'm about the underdog. And I felt like they were mis they were what they were doing to Joe Biden. What, what, which, whatever you think about him politically, what they're doing to him, I thought was fucked up.


You know, if I sat in a room with a senior citizen, And I knew something was not well about him, And I said things to him or made him believe things to take advantage of him, that's, that's a sick person that would do that. You know, that's, if, if that happened to my father, I've said this before, if somebody did that to my father, I would fucking take their legs off their body and hide 'em in their cousin's ass, dude, that's who I am. You know, I, there's just nothing sicker to me than that. It's like, there's people that call old people and try to sell 'em gold and cheat 'em out of their money. All that shit.


Or the, those Nigerian scammer people, I know that they're just trying to make money in their country. But I, I just taking advantage of senior citizens, just fucking, that shit fucking makes me angry. Bru. And I'm sorry to use a lot of profanity today. What else is going on? Sorry if this is all over the place, but I don I don, you know, I've never known what this show is, and so this is what it is. I went to A-W-N-B-A game. I'll say it, dude. A lot of guys are afraid to say it. You know, you know, And I will say that I promised my father on his deathbed that I would not go to A-W-N-B-A game.


That was like his one promise or whatever. And And I pr, you know, And I felt like, of course I won't go. And he, he goes, oh, your mother, if your mother found out you went to A-W-N-B-A game, she'd roll over in her grave. And I said, I remember being like, well, mom's not dead yet. And he's like, she's dead on the inside. That's what he said, dude. I was like, whoa, whoa, dad. That's crazy. I mean, maybe, but that's crazy. But no, I love you, mom. But, but I went to a game, man. I went to a game. This Past Weekend in Las Vegas.


I'm a Kate Martin fan. I'm not gonna sit in the closet anymore. I am a Kate Martin fan. I became an Iowa Hawkeyes female basketball fan. I did. And a lot, you know, for some people it's almost like admitting that they're using drugs or whatever. For me, it's not like that. I became an Iowa Hawkeys fan. Female hoops. I mean, they put up way more points than the Iowa men's football team. So right there, if you even wanna see a point scored, you gotta watch them if you're even anywhere near Iowa City.


So, but yeah. So I went to a Kate Martin game, And I got to see her play. Dude, And I was fucking excited. Man, I'm not gonna, and I'll say this, this is the best thing, the best thing that I didn't realize is some of the player, you know, as a guy, you're sitting there, you're watching the game. And first of all, it's super relatable. And I'll tell you why. Because a lot of times you'll see the women driving to the hoop and you, they can't dunk, right? They can't dunk. And that's fine. But it's the, to me, it's the most relatable thing I've ever seen.


I can't dunk, you know, at this point in my life, I can't dunk. So if I'm going to the hoop, And, I got a layup. It's the, there's nothing more relatable to a white guy than driving to the hoop. And you can't dunk. So at that moment, I was like, holy shit, this is the most relatable moment of my whole life. I can't really relate to all those bangers that are out there in the NBA, all those Beyonce Carters baby them, Vince SI can't re, you know, I can admire it, but I can relate to it. But when you see somebody coasting through the lane, or trying to figure it out, catching a bounce pass, and they're going up and the only thing they can do is lay up, bruh, as a white, off white semi Nicaraguan guy, I can relate a thousand percent.


So that's one thing that I realized it was so relatable about the games, man. The second thing that I thought was really fascinating is, as a man, some of the players, you're attracted to 'em, you know, you're watching the players and a lot of, a lot of, they're women. There're women. So if you's a man that likes a WAA woman, then you, you're, you know, so it's weird. So it's like, you know, at the men's game, that never happens. I'm just kind of marveling at the athleticism. I'm hoping that none of the players are trying to bang my girl or whatever. Just usual shit.


But as at the WNBA game, you're like, damn, shoddy, shoddy, shoddy, shoddy won a comic. You know, you just, it's different. So I realized that, I thought that was interesting, just to have this element of like, oh, I'm, I'm attracted to some of these gals, bruh. And some guys would be like, I would never be attracted, bro. Go to the games, dude. Go to the games, bruh. See if some of these beautiful broads don't hit a three pointer. And your butt starts sweating a little.


Alright, live your life. Oh. So yeah. So just been praying about a lot of that kind of stuff, man. But that was, so those were some things about the WNBA game that I really loved. And I know, it sounds crazy to say that, I'm sorry, dad, I'm sorry dad, but Asia Wilson broke the franchise record. I didn't know there was a franchise, but it doesn't matter. She broke the franchise record. And this is one of the best things that the WNBA has going forward as well.


I think, this is my opinion, my opinion means nothing, means nothing. You could feed it to a fucking baby, you could feed it to a Be Sean. But the fact that the best team in the league right now is in Las Vegas. So you have so many people that are just in Las Vegas that are there, you know, touristing. So if they go see a team, bro, they're gonna see the best team. So I'm not sure if that's by design. You never know. That's the dark arch is the people in the distance. You don't know what they're doing. But, but yeah, it was just, there's just so many different little elements that kind of happen at A-W-N-B-A game.


And some people are gonna chirp me or whatever for having gone. I look, you know, you know, I'm a underdog. I, I've, you know, that's where I'm at. So, but yeah, it was a ca It was, it was a great, it was a, I had a great time, man. It was fun. It just And. I'll say this, the games are a little shorter. It's a little quicker. And you're at attract, you're attracted to some of the ladies on the court. So, you know, they got, it's like, damn. And you, it's just, there's a different thing going on when you are a man at the game, I think. And that's okay, man. It just is what it is. And so I had a great time with my family, dude.


I had an ama, some of my best, the best shows I've had in the past few years were throughout Idaho and Utah this week. I want to thank everybody that came out. That really meant a lot. Just even being in Las, Vegas, some, you know, just getting to be in Las Vegas, dude. It's like you go to Las Vegas and the fricking advertisement goes by and it's me, you know, And I sat there with my mom and we rode in together for my brothers. 'cause we spent, we spent 4th of July with my brother. He lives in Springdale, Utah. And it's, there's no, but it's 250 people there.


It, and he likes it. He likes the place and he likes being there. And it was just nice, man. I got to go to lunch with my nephew and just be like, you know, what's going on, bro? You know, and talk about his life and stuff. And yeah, that was cool. It made me feel, it was nice. I'm thankful to God that I got to have that kind of moment just where, you know, we got to go together. And then I'm able, you know, I'm trusted to take my nephew out to lunch and, and we just had a nice time. We drove around and just talked stuff, you know, because I think maybe sometimes for nephews, some, some things they can't talk about their dads with, I don't know.


But it was just cool, you know? And yeah, that made me feel like, like I had some value, you know, like important like, or just like familially, like family importance or whatever they call it. But yeah, we got to draw, we got, we rode back in with my mom and she came to my show on Friday night. And if you were at that show in Vegas, it was pretty cool. You know? I know my, you know me figuring out like my, like, yeah, I mean, my mother, And I had a tough time growing, you know, we've had a tough time over the years and, but she still stay, she, you know, she listens to every episode of this show, you know, which is kind of wild because she couldn't be there when I was young, you know?


But I know she tries her best to show up when as an adult, you know, when I'm now, you know. And so it's just, I feel don don't know it just, you know, and some of that's been, it's been hard for me to like evolve like, you know, to forgive my mom and stuff. But yeah, I'm grateful that, you know, even the p like, I'm just grateful that my mom has been patient while I'm trying to figure this out and go through it. And it's gotten a lot better, you know? It's gotten a lot better.


And I'm just, I'm really thankful to God for that, you know, and to the powers that be in the world because I didn't know, you know, don don't know. Sometimes I never knew if I would have any other feelings towards my mom other than discomfort. And that's not the case now. I have like feelings that pop into my head where that are new and different. So I'm just, yeah, I'm just thankful that, yeah, I'm thankful about that. But it was just fun, you know, that she got to come and see me do what I like to do, you know?


And so I'm just, you know, I'm just grateful for that. 'cause every kid just wants to make their mom or dad proud, you know? That's all they want to do. And that's it. I don, you know, I mean, they wanna steal their parents' car sometimes too, but outside of that, you know, and they wanna fricking hook up with a strain or with like some, somebody from down the street when their parents are outta town or whatever. But outside of that dude, all they wanna do is make their parents proud, you know? So, so that was really special to me. What else is going on? Sorry if I'm rambling. We haven't even gotten into any of you guys' calls and really why, if I feel, the only reason I even want to do these episodes is so I can check in with you guys, bro, no cap.


Do that. Or for real, sorry to say no cap at my age. And so, you know, I asked in the past, the last solo episode, And I tried to solo episodes are kind of linked. And so if you're not familiar with this podcast or if you're new to it, solo episodes are kind of linked. And so I asked in the past who listens to the episode, so I'm just gonna rattle off a few of 'em right here. Here we go. Hi Theo. My name is Ada and you are wondering what people do for work. I'm telling you what my job is. I grade beef. Yeah. And I'm kind of a bigger girl, if you know what I'm saying. So it's kind of embarrassing because people probably think I will sneak a snack or something.


But my job basically is like when you go to the grocery store and you, you know, buy a ribeye steak or something and it says like pines ribeye, or choice ribeye or select or whatever. That's what I, I, that's what I grade. It's a pretty cool job. I love my job. I love your job. And. I. Love you too. Thank you for grating that beef shorty. Gimme a c plus. I'd be good. That's who I am. You know what I'm saying? Give me a 75 baby. I'm good. As long as it look, as long as you don't say my meat's contaminated, baby. We good? You feel me? Who else listens to the show? Hey Theo, this is Neil in Wisconsin. Just checking in out here, delivering carbon dioxide, also known as CO2, also known as carbonation.


Trying to make sure that everybody's sodas are busy and remain that way. Gang. Gang. Amen baby. Keep it fizzy out there baby. Keep them bubs bub and dog. You know what I'm saying? You that champagne, baby. You the champagne in my life. Daddy, let's hear more dog. Who else listens to the episode? A Theo. I work as a social worker. Oh damn. In some jails here in Nevada. Just wanna let you know I listened to the pod. You're always playing in the background while I'm sitting here at the jail after I see everybody and just wanted to give you a call and say thank you.


I appreciate what you do. I'm out there talking to people, keeping them going, and you're back here talking to me, keeping me going. Thank you. Oh, thanks. Yeah, I always wanted to go to jail. And And, I might sometime don don't know. We'll see how bad my marriage is one day if I get married. But I, but thank you love, I appreciate that. And thank you for keeping them boys going. I know people make mistakes and they still need to, they still deserve to help to get help. And they need the most help sometimes, baby. Praise God. You feel that on the gang gang? Let's hear another one. Hey Theo, this is Danielle from Illinois. Danielle. Illinois. Baby, let's hear it. I'm a beauty school dropout turned production welder.


And I just heard your pod, the merging where you asked what everybody does for a living. So I figured I'd call in and let you know. Amen Baby. Thank you for calling you a welder. Huh? You welding that bead work, huh? I feel you, baby. Won't you fricking me up a little steak baby. That's what I would like to see somebody that you know, steak by welder and that bitch is just fucking grill. Do it. Damn. That thing look like a fucking down dark McNugget baby. Damn baby. I praise God. Let's hear more. Hey Theo, my name's Peyton And. I am a school nurse. And I. Absolutely love your podcast.


It's one of my favorites. I just sit here dying. Well thanks Peyton, I appreciate you. I appreciate you for listening. And God, the school nurse, dude, if you got a school nurse that was hot, dude. It was like, God, just praying for cancer or whatever. Onward. I adored your podcast with Melissa Ansel, the school lunch lady. It was hilarious and so relatable. I Oh. yeah, she's on that lunch game, baby. A lot of broad's in that, in them. Meal streets. Hear more Hear. I just wanted to call in and let you know that I was a nurse.


And I. Love you, And. I do have a question. How hot is Joe Rogan in person? Well, he's Joe. Joe is a handsome guy. He has a great smile. That's one thing about Joe if he, when he smiles it, like if, if you like, it's awesome. He is very fit. I think he's a handsome guy. I'm not a woman. don don't know how, you know, woman's C handsome. But for a man that's, I I think of him as a, he, he as a handsome guy for sure he is.


People ask me about Joe Rogan all the time. Literally I feel like I'm Joe Rogan. Like, I feel like I'm a secretary sometimes for Joe Rogan or like, I'm like that whoever the speaker of the house is or something. It's a lady with the curly hair for Biden who they always ask her questions. I, I think Joe Rogan is very smart. That's one thing about, about him. People try to label him, I think as different things sometimes, or what He is a smart guy. He has a great memory. You can't really lie to him because he, he remembers so if you tell him some shit, it's just like, you know, he remembers.


And it's also nice that he remembers it makes him very endearing, you know? 'cause he remembers things about you and about the world and yeah, he's like a library. That's one thing that I really think about him. It's like, if, if they could make a library person, it's Joe Rogan. You can kind of show up to the desk and ask, Hey, do we have a book about this? And he will go into his memory. 'cause he's had so many conversations and, and informative conversations. And he will share what he can remember or what he knows.


And that's one thing that I think is very fascinating about him. He's a fascinating man. He really is. And then when you get to go watch him do the UFC, it's just like, he's like commentating. Then he goes in the ring like, it's fun, man. I, I just feel so lucky that he, he helped a lot of comics help and fighters. UFC people kind of connect in some weird way. So Yeah, but that's what he's like, I think, yeah, And I think that's exactly how I think about him. And I know if, yeah, if I reach out to him about something, he, he's, he's willing to be helpful.


And I also know he's a very busy guy, so I respect his time. But yeah. What else is going on? Thank you guys for calling in, letting me know who listens. Yeah. Hit the Hotline. 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. Just let me know who listens. I just wanna know who's out there. Yeah, what else? Man, let's hit the news really quick. We got some, we had some callers that called in about their first time somebody touching their genitalia. We're gonna get to that shortly. And then a few other callers that called in. What's in the news today?


Oh, Biden's Spotlight support for NATO as he looks to summit help reset stumbling campaign. Oh, I already talked about that. Yeah. That Joe Biden wants to be the president now. They told him he was the, you tell him he's the president for so long and then he just walks off believing he is the president baby. Let him cook, son. Let him cook, bro. That's where I'm at. He's our Biden Stein baby. He's our preez Nochi baby. You jape owed him now let him cook, let him install. I want handicap rails along the Mississippi River. I want free jello for anyone who can whistle. I want free Readers Digest for all natural born citizens.


Let him cook, baby. Let I, I'm just so excited now that they made somebody believe something and now they, he, that dude is like, nah, you're not telling me I'm not the president. I'm running, bro. Things could not get any crazier, man. And so that's gotta be, we have to look at it. I think as the, in the excitement part, you know,


is pornography causing a problem in your life? That's a good question. It's a real question. It has in mind. It has it, certain periods in my life, watching porno and everything and watching porno was making me, it was ruining my life. It was ruining my life, man. It made me feel just so much shame. That's what it did. Well, I'm watching pornography has become commonplace today. And oftentimes men will use porno to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety, and depression. That's why I want to introduce you to my friends Steven Walt Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery. He is a dear friend of mine. He is a dear friend of mine and Valor Recovery is a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. That's right. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and they will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend problematic behaviors. There is zero commitment if you reach out to them. It's just the first step in trying to figure out if you may need some help, if you can get some help to learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them@valorrecoverycoaching.com or email them at admin@valorrecoverycoaching.com. The links will be on the YouTube. And again, there's no commit when you commitment, when you reach out to them, but I promise you only something positive will come from you reaching out and figuring out if, if what type of help, if any, could benefit you. Thank you.


What else, man? Yeah, you know what, actually I wanna share this dude. I am, this is true for me. Let me see. I am, as of today, I wanna let you know that I am 36 days off of masturbation. And. I am 42 days off of pornography. And that for me is awesome. That is awesome. You know, some people don't worry about that kind of stuff, you know, and that's fine.


But for me, a lot of my life, I like if I felt uncomfortable, like, you know, one day I should do an episode, probably maybe about this kind of stuff. But yeah, when I was young, I didn't, you know, I had a lot of trouble relating to women or talking to women. I was very scared of women and dating. I think a lot of it was, you know, I didn't have a connection with my mother. And I've talked about that. I'm not trying to beat that dead horse. But because of that, you know, when you don't have a connection with your mom, that's your first connection with a woman. So I went into the world, And I was just so scared. I just was so scared of any connection, any intimate connection with a female.


And so when pornography came along, it was easy. It was like, oh, I can have some form of intimacy, but it's not, it's not real, you know, it, it just, it filled like this space. That was huge in me. I didn't know how big it was at the time. And so that for a long time, anytime I had a feeling or anything, you know, I would watch pornography or something or I would masturbate or do something like that because I just didn't know how to handle any of my feelings. Especially if it was a feeling about like maybe dating or intimacy or whatever. don don't know. don don't know. A lot of it I'm still learning about. But, but yeah, so to have this break, to have this like space and yeah, I mean, I've had day, you know, a it changed over time.


Like it got better, but it still was always this thing like where if I felt uncomfortable then that, you know, I would resort to that 'cause it would make me feel something, it would make me feel some connection even if it wasn't real. So yeah, I'm just, I haven't had this kind of a time in my life where I've had that long off of those things. And so I'm just really thankful for that man. You know? And yeah, I I I, I started working with my buddy. He works at this Valor Recovery. We do ads for them. Sometimes we do pro bono ads for their company because I believe in what they do.


And yeah. So anyway, maybe one day I'll do like a more episode about that kind of stuff about being addicted to that sort of thing and, and that sort of thing. Maybe it would be, I, you know, something to do. Anyway, let's get to some calls. Man, you guys have spent your time calling in. I wanna see a lot of people have called in. You know, we, we, the last solo episode we talked about the first time somebody ever touched your genitalia, which is a very important time in somebody's life. 'cause for most of your life, you're genitalia. It's yours, it's yours.


99%, 99.9% of the time it's yours. It's your junk. It's your little fucking dirty little secret. But sometimes you'll let other people touch it and you'll let them get involved with it. And so that's what I wanted to figure out and see if we could get to some of those calls right here actually. Yo, Theo, it's Mike from the Quad Cities. What's up Mike? Quad Cities Over, over there. And. I. Believe that, that's Moline. Let me see. Quad Cities, Iowa, Iowa's, Moline, Bettendorf, Davenport, rock Island, and Moline.


We're coming to Moline as well. Man, let's hear more Illinois. Rock Island calling about the, the statement you made regarding, when's the first time someone touched your genitalia? Oh. yeah, baby. That first junk. Fucking too baby. Because there's nothing, because your whole life, you've had your penis. You don't even know when you're a kid to even have a penis. But then you get to like 12 and you're like, holy shit dude, I got this wand on me. Or you're a, a woman. You're like, holy shit. You know, I got this pocket on me, you know, I got this fucking little party oyster on me. What do I do? Let's hear more Besides myself. It was, it was on the basketball court at the fitness center.


I was, I was playing a five on five full court and we was playing with a group of older people. They was, I was probably 14 and they was probably around 40. don don't know. And there was a, there was a female on one of them, and she was guarding me and I cut to the hoop and she cut to the draws. You know what I'm saying? She, she rubbed her hand across that shaft. Well, homie, you got molested buddy. And, I. You know, I'm not a cop or anything. I, you know, I'm not a detective for sure, dude. I can't even find my sandals that I fucking, I swear to God they were at my apartment, but yeah, you got molested, man.


I'm sorry to hear about that. Let's hear another one. What have we got here? This is Jayden from Indiana. He told us to call in about the first time somebody touched your genitalia. And. I have a vivid memory of that, which was, I had this gal over to my house when I was about 16. And you know, it was the first time I had her up to my room. And I. Oh bro. The first time somebody comes to your room, it's so crazy. You're, you don't even know what to do, dude. It's so the first time a girl comes to your room, you're looks like what?


I've only seen this on the internet. Sorry man. I just had to relive that moment. It's such a moment. Onward brother. And I don't mean that. I'm not trying to be creepy or nothing, but We are creepy brother. We're all creepy. Dude. This is the first time we were alone together. Yeah. So it was just destined to happen that something was gonna go down. And I remember the very first two minutes of my bro, Just tell us what fucking happened. Dude. this guy is just Dr. Jesus, bro. Tell us what happened, Omer My very first hand job. You know, my cousin walks into my door and my door was a blanket tacked up to the, the doorframe, you know, just covering the, the doorway there, Bro.


Get a fricking door, dude. You're trying to get a hand job behind a blanket, dude. Like you're some kind of magician. Get a door whitey. Fuck dude, I hate that kind. I'm sorry to be upset with you. You sound like you seem like a great guy. But I I, when people get a door, man, you have a whole room and you don't have a fucking door. Let's hear more. Man. this guy, he just busted my blanket door. Whatever. It's abla. It's not a door. Don't say it's a door, Tree fort, whatever you wanna call it, of a door. And he is like, oh my God, don't ever let see you doing that again.


Like, dude, this is my room and here you coming through my fucking blanket door like an animal. And it was just something else, brother. Well, you put up a damn doggy door, dude. You can't be shocked if somebody runs in through a damn doggy door, homie. Get well, homie. Praise God brother. Let's hear more, dude. Hey Theo, my name is Mandy. On your most recent episode, you asked people to call in about the first time that they, that someone ever touched their genital area. The Yes ma'am, I did.


Thank you for calling in about that onward. And my now husband, we've been dating since we were both 15. So when he was over at my house, my parents, they were out in our hot tub and it was just us in the living room and we were watching the movie Water. Boy, Whoa, whoa, if somebody touches y'all fricking junk to water, boy let's hear more. And we started like making out and kissing And I was wearing these like dark jeans and he started, he like put his hand down there and started like, you know, rubbing the area.


But Oh my god, he's a pervert. But obviously, you know, we're 15, we don't know what we're doing. He's like kind of, you know, being a little aggressive with it, A little hard. Well, my mom came in from inside and so we like panicked and like jumped up and then we looked at his hand and his hand was dyed blue, like his fingers were dyed blue from rubbing my jeans so hard. And then it's kind of awkward because we were only 15 so we couldn't drive home. So then my mom had to drive him home, so I was a little awkward. But after that, you know, that was the first time. So after that we got kind of into it and she ended up riding his bike through a blizzard for, for a few miles to come do it.


Wow, you rode a bike through a blizzard to come. Dude, that's cra I, that's the kind of shit that I'm like, what? But you know, we've all done things to ejaculator, to don don't know what women do, but to, or you know, to pretend we're ejaculating. Wow. Rode a bike through a blizzard to come. That's unbelievable. Well, but yeah. Oh, I can re the jeans, the pant rubbing, dude, I remember, oh, this is horrible.


One of the first time I got, so this girl, like there was these two girls in school when I was in like seventh or eighth grade, and they were like, they had like drank alcohol and smoked cigarettes and they were like, they knew about the world, you know, like they probably like played with their, you know, va, you know, vaginas or whatever. And so my buddy And I went over there and I'm like, dude, we can't go over there, dude. These girls are like real girls. Like, we can't handle that. Look, we're fucking idiots, dude. You know, we're eating lifesavers and stuff. We can't, what are we gonna do? We go over and this one girl, I rubbed on her pants.


I just remember rubbing on her pants so hard. And she had had, she was dealing with a menstrual cycle. She was dealing with a menstrual cycle that had come in or whatever. And, I. Just remember just, just, I mean, rubbing on her like a damn genie lamp. I mean, just wishing, just wishing. And at a certain point you could see that It was like, Hey dude, this ain't the time to be using this lamp. So it's just don don't know.


Feel bad about some things, but, but yeah, riding, driving through a a blizzard to ejaculate is insane. Let's hear more, But again, so, yeah. And now we're married. Oh, you're married now. Well, that's beautiful man. God loves and God lives. That's beautiful. Wow. Aw man. That's good. Thank you so much for telling us that. Let's hear another call that came in. And this is about the first time somebody ever touched your crops. 'cause there's, there's, you know, there's some times in your life you remember, there's times in life you don't, first time you went to Burger King, who gives an f? Dude, my mom used to work there. Actually just found out that this weekend.


Thanks mom, for waiting your whole life to tell me stuff about you. Let's hear another call. Hey, Theo. Man, the first time that I got my genitals touched was I was about 13. I just hit puberty and it was my 60 or 70-year-old doctor. It seemed like after I hit puberty, he would always ask my mom to go out in the hallway and so we can do the whatever and he'd fill me up and tell me to do different cops and stuff like that. So it was definitely my doctor. It sounds like he got molested buddy.


And I'm not trying to accuse anybody. I don't know the guy, but if you stand in there and the guy's like, I'm gonna hold your penis while you cough the Star Spangled banner or whatever, then you are getting molested, dude. You know, at, you know, if the guy's like, I'm gonna hold your penis while you cough the lyric, or, you know, while you cough the beat to forgot about Dre, then you got molested. You know? And it is nothing personal. And I. Feel sorry about it. I don don't know how else to say it. I, but yeah.


But yeah man, you just gotta take care of yourself, dude. And I. Hope you're doing better now. And I. Really do hope that, man, I really do. And I. Love you, man. Let's hear what else is going on. Let's hear another call. Hey, Theo, from Texas. I, Hey Yvanna from Texas, thank you for calling. I have a very interesting story for you. So, so I'm black, right? Okay. And that's fine. I know some, I know a lot of black folks onward. And And I was chatting it up with this white guy, right?


That's like four 40 ish minutes away from me. And so he called me off Snapchat, right? So like, so like we're on a call and then he says that if I was a slave, he would buy me. And the worst part about that story is that it turned me on a little bit tough. So I don know. What are your thoughts on that? Look, I mean, you know, I think, well different things turn different people on. You know, I, there was a time in my life where I would put chocolate on women's back, you know, and call 'em chocolate backs or whatever.


And that shit wouldn't, you know, make me, would, you know, turn me on and make me want to just fucking, just really just rattle inside of them, inside of those women. And there's, you know, I think if he said if you were a sl, I mean, this is crazy to be saying, if he s if he said if you were a slave, I would buy you. But then what would he do? Would he set you free? I think that would be my question. 'cause if not, this guy is a sex trafficker, you know? So that's where I'm at with, I would find out the next chapter of this book, you know, how many years a slave be, you know, that's what I would find out because that's some, that's some wild shit.


But then I, you know, I think there's some people that don't ca you know, a lot of it's some of that stuff. It just, it's so far in the past. Some people are able to just look past it and they think that it's, it can be okay, it can be a Halloween costume or whatever. We had a Halloween costume one time. It was a mixed couple that showed up to our door and they were like in a, like a slave and like slave owner role or whatever. And the, and the woman had the guy on a leash or whatever. So, you know, I, some people it might be like a party thing. I don't know what kind of party there are out there. Like, if there's like any like, like Harriet Tub of Palooza or whatever, don don't know the kind of stuff that's happening.


I, I don't know. I'm attracted to black women. I think some of them are taller than me, but some of them aren't. But don don't know, don don't know anything. But I hope you guys are still in love or whatever. If you wanna be And I, hope that you got, this isn't funny. I hope you got emancipated if he was willing to do that, because it sounds like you guys are into some weird shit. What else do we have going on? Here we go. We got a call right here. Hey Theo, I needed some help man.


I figured you was the guy to call about it. So I got a a, an uncle who's, who's handicapped and he's in a wheelchair. And I had to carry him in. Well Hopefully he's in a damn wheelchair. Hopefully y'all, y'all ain't just dragging him around, you know, let's hear more To carry him in to the house. 'cause he can't, he can't walk or anything. And I touched his winger a little bit. And I was just, I I'm trying to, I'm trying to wrap my head around the fact, you know, you know that we, we make contact and just trying to, I was just trying to figure out if I was, if I was Y'all, y'all didn't make contact. You touched his wiener, dude, that's what you just said.


You touched his wiener. If I go to a zoo or something and somebody's wa standing there looking at the pandas or whatever, eating popcorn, And, I touched the guy's wiener, it don't have anything to do with him. That, that guy, he's enjoying animals and eating carbs or whatever. I'm the, we, I'm touching the guy's. If you carry somebody in, let's hear more. This is confusing. Uncle who's, who's handicap and he's in a wheelchair, And I had to carry him in to the house. 'cause he can't, he can't walk or anything. And I touched his winger a little bit. And I was just, I I'm trying to, I'm trying to wrap my head around the fact, you know, you know that we, we made contact.


Yeah, look, I now I understand a little better. So you, he was carrying him and you touched his wiener a little. Now I'll say that if you carry him back out and touch his wiener and he keeps saying, Hey, carry me in, carry me out, carry me in, carry me out, carry me in, carry me out. And then you gotta change his, change his pants or whatever, then that's, that shit seems illegal to me, dude. Then you guys are gay? I think so, yeah. I think if it's, but if once a day you carry him from here to there or whatever and touches wiener a little bit or just mile, you know, keep him fired up or whatever about the next day or whatever, I think that's fine. But if you're carting 'em all over until he ejects or whatever, then you, for me, you are a, oh, you're a bad guy.


And that's what I'll tell you brother And, I'm not judging you 'cause I don't know you, but you've been touching that guy's wiener and he's handicapped and that's the scariest thing about touching a handicapped guy's wiener, is they can't stop you. So if you want, you could do unlimited touches on it. And that's where the devil lives brother. What else do we have going on here? Here we go. We got a call right here. I like this man. I can already tell by the tagline. Hey man, this is Cody from Alabama.


I just calling to, to say hey and tell you that I appreciate you. I listen to you every day when I'm at work. Thanks Cody, man. I appreciate you too, brother. I appreciate you calling as well and it's taking some time to share some of your life with us, man. Onward, I work for a machine shop, but I took some advice that you gave when you had Dave Ramsey on. You have suggested ways of, you know, making extra money. So I went and bought a pressure washer and just as expensive as things are now, I got a family, I've got three kids and you know, they're not cheap.


So I just needed an extra way to make some money. So I took your advice and man, I'm, I'm, I'm cleaning up like I'm, I'm getting, you know, one or two jobs a weekend now. So I just wanted to call in and say thanks for the advice And I appreciate, you know, everything you do. Hey man, thank you so much, dude. I'm gonna, I'm gonna reach out. I'm gonna hire you for a job, dude, I got your number. I know you called in here from the Hotline. I'm gonna hire you for a job somewhere. I, I'm sure I got a friend down there who could use some pressure washing. So I'm gonna put another job on your calendar over there.


My boy. Yeah, I appreciate. Look man, thanks for trying it out. I think it's something, it's like, you know, it's that next step of how do I become my own boss? How do I work for me? You know, how am I in control of what I do? And the pressure wash is just the most simple little thing, but people don't want to go out and deal with it. You know, I remember when I first moved to Los Angeles, I put up flyers. I said, I'll come cl I'll clean your refrigerator, clean your refrigerator. People, people don't wanna clean their refrigerators, you know what I'm saying? You think about it, you clean your whole house. That bitch is fucking weird in there. And there's some weird things on the wall.


There's some damn mustard here. Something sweated on the fucking glass or plastic in there, you know, I remember doing that man, putting up flyers. I fucking get called. People come kill my refrigerator. Some lady. I went over to her house and she kept showing me her damn her damn produce drawer, you feel me? She was showing that right over there off of damn Barrington brother out in Los Angeles. But amen brother, thank you for trying. I'm gonna hit you up. I'm gonna email myself right now so I don't forget, I'm gonna hit you up and hire you for a gig. Oh that hour.


But I appreciate that man. And congrats for you. Just, it's the little things where you start to take control of your own li or just trying like, okay, well how do I be a boss on myself? And you start to learn about yourself. Some of it's kind of fascinating I think too, to be brave enough to do that. Let's take another call that hit here, Just calling again from Michigan. Just wanted to let you know I passed over the month mark yesterday and I'm over a month sober now. Let's go my dog, man. That's so cool dude.


Wow. Wow man. Thank you for sharing that with me, bro. Hell yeah. That's the best thing about the program dude, is when somebody gets a month or gets a year and you just, you know that you like you've been there so you can feel that excitement so much. You know, just that feeling that something new is possible. That feeling that something new is possible. That's the feeling man. That was the feeling I would get when I was stuck in like addiction or stuck in like, like mourning over like a relationship or something. And you finally get that day, that one day where you feel like, oh, something new is possible, man, thank you for sharing man.


Sorry to, you know, I'm almost kind of stealing your joy here. But yeah, it just makes me feel so good man, you know, because to be a month away from the pain you were in, that's what makes me feel like, you know, it's just so important man. It's like to be a month away from that pain you were in, you know, And, I'm not trying to read your life or anything, don don't know. You might have been fine, but just so many times you see guys and you can feel that just like that hope in them that like I'm a month away from the pain that I was in And, I.


Think maybe I just even think about it for me. But it's something that a lot of us can relate to in program to, oh, and I'm so proud of you bro. Congrat fricking relations boy. I will eat somebody's dog. You feel me? Better be a woman. What's up? And it's actually quite great. Everything's kind of shaping up. I've found God, I, Yeah, but the Lord will show up boy when you put it together, the Lord the I'll say this about the Lord once you do your shit, he kind of come around, bro. You know what I'm saying? So he, so he somehow when you ain't doing your part, he, he, you know the Lord kind wait you for you to start a little for he show up.


Show up. I ain't judging him, but that's what the Lord kind of do bro. I got a whole new meaning in my life man. And I'm doing it for me man. I just wanted to let you know that you're an absolute inspiration to me and many others. And I. Keep doing what you're doing. And. I. Oh, I'm just a retarded guy. In no offense if anybody's retarded, man, I just am just a human being and you are too man. And we're just trying to be, you know, you know And I know it's weird to connect through a fucking radio or whatever, but I think we're so like don don't know we're starved for connection.


I think don don't know. Maybe I am, I, who knows, but I'm just proud of you man. I really am And I can hear in your voice bro, that you're proud of you. And I. Think that's what I think really makes me feel something, you know, just hearing somebody be proud of themselves, just at a cellular level to hear somebody being, man, I'm proud of my, you know, you don't even have to say the words, but we can feel it. So that's great man. Amen brother. God bless that. What else do we have? Let's hear one more about that first time somebody touched your genitalia.


Let's hear it 'cause it's such a crazy time. Hey Theo, my name's Holden. I'm, I live in New Brunswick, Canada. Holden, thank you for calling brother. Talking about my first time someone touched my genitalia, this is back in high school. I was at a party, you know, we drinking and this is the first time I'm kind of drinking too, so I obviously don't know the consequences what that does to your genitalia. So what, Oh, well you don't know the consequences. What drinking does to your genitalia. Understood. Onward. I see This pretty girl, And, I strike up a conversation and one thing leads to another and we're in the bathroom, but my little Peter decides not to work and I'm embarrassed.


I'm ah, this never happens. Oh. yeah, every now and then your penis will fo for unemployment onward. It Never happened, never before. She's like, oh, it's okay, it's okay. We get out, everything's fine. Go to school the next day. My new nickname Baby Dick. And that situation kind of sucked, but we're past it now. Yeah, we're past it. But you just told everybody about it. But yeah, that's tough dude. The, I remember when I was a kid, if a girl even tried to touch my wiener, I would just say my wiener's super long. I just kept, I would repeat that over and over again almost to try to trick 'em. Like my wiener's super long.


My wien is super long, my wiener's super long. My wiener's super long. And they would touch it. I think they didn't fucking, they're like one girl. I remember her pulling like, is there more of it? It just doesn't seem, it doesn't seem like there's that much more of it. And so I think, yeah, there's a little bit of reverse psychology there when it comes to somebody touching your wiener, you know? But it is what it is man. But thank you for sharing that with us dude. And just Oh, yeah, there's, it just, it's such a time in your life. Alright, let's, let's get finish this episode. I wanna say thank you to everybody that came out in Idaho and Utah.


Everybody that came out in England in Ireland, everybody that's come outta everywhere. I think one of the disappointing parts about not doing a lot of solo episodes is not being able to thank everybody for the different shows and different weekends. And man, I even did a show in New Orleans, And, I don't even know when I was on stage. If I thank the people that were from my hometown for coming. You know, some of it's nothing purposeful, you just get, you're just going. I mean you just, so sometimes you just don't know what's going on. You're just trying to keep your head above your shoulders, you know? But I just wanna say thank you guys for bearing with me and I'm trying to focus the second half of this year I wanna start some type of a foundation or something and start to create ways to give back to people or groups or something.


I don't know what it is yet. And I know, we've talked about it for a while, but I just feel it on my heart all the time. You know, And I know, we all feel that. I have so many people to reach out and they're like, I just wanna help people. I just wanna, you know, and so yeah, don don't know how to start putting that together, what it is. And some of it I think I'm just gonna pray about, you know, and see what God shares with me. But yeah, just thank you guys for just giving me just a lot. Just a, something to do, you know, thank you for being a part of my life and let me be a part of yours.


I mean that. Hi Theo, it's David Roland from Indiana. What's Up David? Nice to hear you call brother. Young fella here. Obviously it sounds like, or a man with a very young vocal box onward. My whole family's a big fan, fan of you. They listen to you all the time. I am personally, I think you're one of the funniest guys on the planet and just keep doing what you do man. God bless and don't ever let anyone bring you down. Okay, bye-Bye seal.


I love you Gang man. I appreciate that. You know, it's kind of funny, it's almost like it's like a kid like me calling from the past or something, you know, I wonder if that, I mean, I believe that's a real person. And I. Obviously it's not me calling from the past, but I think it's interesting how voices come in to your life or, and it could just as well be you calling from the past. Imagine if little you could call from the past and say, Hey man, we love you and don't let anything bring you down, man.


How cool would that be? And maybe sometimes even as humans, as adults, we can sit there and we can take that call. You know, if I were to just sit there and kinda lay by myself in my bed or something, this may sound crazy to some people and that's fine. Or sit by myself in my car and just almost visualize, you know, that it's a young me calling. Let me play it again for myself here. David Roland from Indiana. Okay, let's not as, let's not play his name because that makes it not me, but let's, let's play the rest of it.


My whole family's a big fan, fan of you. They listen to you all the time. I am personally, I think you're one of the funniest guys on the planet and just keep doing what you do man. God bless if, don't ever let anyone bring you down. Okay? Just a little thought. It's just kind of funny, you know, if I could sit there and think if a young me called man, what would he say to the future? You know, what would he really say? I don't know. Alright, let's take one more call that came in, man. Hey Theo, this is your fan and supporter Tommy GI from Roanoke, Virginia.


Tommy boy, what's going on Cat? Daddy, I just wanna tell you, bro, you, you came back here this past October and killed it man. I had a really good time at your show, man. I, I had a blast dude. And, and I rocked that Rat King t-shirt everywhere I go and people always ask me about it. And I. Tell him, look you up man. Thank you dude. I appreciate that man. My brother has a Rat King t-shirt that he wears sometimes and it's like, it makes my day when he wears it, you know? You know, I know he wears it 'cause he is proud of me, but it just, I don't know, there's just something about it makes me feel good.


Anyway, that feels, seemed a little bit weird, but thank you dude for, for sharing. Thanks for coming out to Roanoke. Did I felt like that was a tough show kind of to be honest with you. But I appreciate you coming out Homeward. I just wanna show you support, ma'am. I just hit a, an Alcoholics Anonymous. I got a month chip today. It's not the first time, but I did do that today. So I'm feeling pretty good about it, man. And I. Just wanted to share with another person in recovery and someone who understands because sometimes it's a little lonely out here, bud. Yeah, tell me why.


That's awesome dude. I know we had another call a minute ago about it, but that's awesome man. There's just something about it, bro. There's something about it and thank you so much for calling and sharing that with me, man. I'm sorry it took me a while to get to this call. But yeah man, there's just something about it. 30 days off of anything, bro. 30 days off looking at your hands. See if you could do that. People can't do 30 days off of anything. So to do 30 days off of something, man, it's just so powerful and it's 'cause it's you saying, Hey I, I wanna have a say in how I behave. You know? And there's no judgment against people that don't do it. It's just because some people don't need to do it.


They're fine, they're behaving fine, but fucking guys like us, Tommy on the girls will be here soon, you know what I'm saying brother? That girls are never coming. Tomy. Oh man, dude, I'm so happy for you. I really am. Just like, it makes me, it's, it feels like my heart just comes to the top of my fucking body and smiles or something, you know, onward. Yeah man, I hope you're doing well man. You know, we all got problems but I think our problems are a little more manageable when we're not drinking and when we're not trying to suppress our feelings and we can clearly think about it.


But Listen to that. You hear that, you hear what that is right there guys, that's a young man who's has a little bit of clarity and he's able to see his, his life a little bit more as when you're like viewing something, like looking out of a window as opposed to viewing it where you are looking out of a drain. And I'm not judging, I don't know what your life was like before telling me, but I just think it's like for all of us, you know, you're not looking from the bo complete bottom up anymore. You're looking out of a window or you know, a third story window or just something you can get a little bit of a view and you can realize that everything's okay, that you have a chance, man.


I love you bro. I appreciate you making that call. Just filling us in, dude. 'cause yeah, it's moments like this man that make other people think that they can keep going and me too, you know, it makes us all think that we can keep going, you know? 'cause I believe that God picked us to live out here on this, in this life. And, I think that that means something. And don don't know what it means yet and that's okay. But there are moments when I connect with other people, like in little moments that I almost feel like I find the meaning of what it means to be alive. You know?


It feels like I get a little closer to it every time I make an important connection with somebody or have a moment with somebody. Not, I'm not, not trying to glorify myself or anything, but just every time there's a moment where I see two people connect. It could be somebody waiting at the airport, you know, sometimes you get to some airports and you see somebody waiting for their loved one to get home from military. Sometimes they've been in service and you'll see somebody waiting there with flowers or you'll see a guy waiting for flowers for a girl that he cares about. You don't see it that much anymore, but when you see it, there's like a moment like that, you know? Or if somebody's walking with their kid and the kid looks at you, you know, and you smile or wave at the, you know, and you're not a petto or something, you're a regular guy, just happy to wave at a child.


You're like, oh that me, it just, there's little glories like that little moments in like that in life that make you feel like, okay, maybe I'm on the right path here. Anyway, sorry to get in all kinds of shit today, but what do you, what do you expect, dude, I'm a, I'm a fucking WNBA game goer. I'll admit it, dad. But yeah, I'm just, thank you. Thank you guys for being part of my life. We're gonna go out on this show the way that we come into it baby. 'cause we didn't do it right, the on the way in, but we're gonna go out right on the way. Yeah, baby.


Lemme slurp that Daddy. Sorry, the devil said that, but he used me to do it. I love you guys man. Be good to yourselves. You know how it is, baby Bishop Gundog the way we do, son. I'm just sitting on your front porch wondering how could I be so Far from my home, gang, gang, baby? And my mind is somewhere else, but when I find it, I patch up where it's, I'm just floating on the Breeze, Calling a sc when I reach that mind in my bones.


Love you guys, man. For me to me to set that park and break and let myself on, Shine, Shine that light on me. I sit and tell you my story, find a song singing just, just for you. You guys be good to yourselves baby. Praise God man. I love y'all and I'll see you guys soon. And I, thank you for being a part of my life as always.


the Hotline 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. Baby gang, gang, almost Stairs.