
This summer during the biggest sporting event of the year, peacock turns to two broadcasting legends for the Olympics. Coverage you can't find anywhere else. I think they mean us. Oh, did. With an incredible duo. Sure. To take home the Comedy Gold Olympic highlights with Kevin Hart and Keenan Thompson. New episodes Monday, Wednesday, and Friday only. On Peacock.


I got a few tour Dates to tell you about. Wallingford Connecticut, Portland Maine, Bangor Maine, Monton Canada, Las, Vegas, Nevada will be back for the U-S-C-L-S-U Football weekend. Oklahoma City, Northern Little Rock, Springfield, Missouri, Kansas City, Missouri, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, LA Cross, Wisconsin, green Bay, Wisconsin, Moline, Illinois. You can get tickets for those@theovaughn.com slash TO. Uur. Thank you so much for your support. Today's guest served 10 years as A Mall Cop.


You know who I'm talking about? That fella That's just looking all beast mode outside of the Sine Bond baby. You know what I'm talking about That. Build a bear. Badass baby mall copping. We get into it. All the stories, the stealing, the sex. Hey, grateful for his time. Today's guest is mall cop. Gus Parsons. And I.


Gus Parsons. Thanks for coming in, man. Hey, I'm shit. I'm glad to be here, bro. You've worked in security for 20 years, right? Yes, sir. Mall cop. Mall cop for 10 years. 10 years. Wow. Did my tour. Did you? Yeah. That was great. And what, how do you get into mall? Copping Basically zero education. No goals in life, really. No, it's, you know, it's just one of those things that kind of just happens, you know, like I, I started off doing other security and then just turns into like, Hey, I need a job, you know? And a full-time job at that. Yeah. And, and mall security is usually one of those ones like, Hey man, can you breathe? I'm like, yes.


Fully functional. And they're like, you're hired. You know? So that's how I got into it. And then was your, was your father in mall copping or was it, is it a fan? It's not a, no, no. Okay. My dad was actually a bus driver. Oh, he was? Yeah. That's cool, man. I've ridden on buses. And. I. I like it. I mean, the uniform, the, the, the fact of us. You're wearing uniforms in the family. That's a thing. Oh, it is? Yeah. It's not military, you know, bus driver security guards. Yeah. So you get a job at the mall. Right. So where do, where's, where's the first mall you clock in at? The first one I ever did. Yeah. It was called Horton Plaza. It was downtown San Diego. No longer there. Rest in peace. But it was a three story mall. Had the theater down there, had all the kids hung out there at the time.


'cause the buses went and connected all through there. Who told you to get a job as A? Mall? Cop. Did you? Just myself. Honestly. You did? Yeah. I wasn't into the whole labor thing. You know, I did the little side jobs building swimming pools, just being out in the sun stuff. I didn't wanna What do you mean, being out in the sun? Like what? Hitchhiking or whatever? Yeah. You know, it was a hard job. No, you know, just like labor, you know, like hard labor, you know, Oh. yeah. Digging and trenches and like I said, digging swimming pools and stuff. It just, I'm, I'm too fat for stuff like that. So when I got into like the mall cop thing, it was kind of supposed to be a lazy job for me. And it definitely wasn't a lazy job for me. 'cause I still come from the era of chasing people down, you know? Okay. And that used to be fun. What as A? Mall Cop you mean? Yeah, Oh. yeah.


Well, first of all, what, what is the training? Like? Oh, here's your, here's the mall, here's the clock in. Like I said, you can still breathe, right? I'm like, yeah, okay. Well you're fully functional, you know, training with that. It's just more like, but there's no, like, you don't have to have a 40 time, you don't have to have like a, there's not like a physical requirements to be A, Mall, Cop. No. They actually will give you a segue if you can't meet the physical requirements. Oh. yeah. Like, oh, you, you can't walk that fast. Well, here's, here's some mobile wheels. You know, like, there you go. That Paul Blart shit's real. It's very much real. Like a lot of people make fun of it and stuff. I'm like, actually those are for the mall cops who can't get physical.


Wow. And that's embarrassing. I've, I've gotten on those things and actually chase people as a joke. Like, oh, they're stealing. Like, oh, watch this. You know? It's embarrassing for them. They're running through the mall and you're just like coast. Oh, exactly that look right there. Well, segues are so ridiculous. 'cause the whole, the, every time you're talking to log guy Segway is like, all right, man, I'll see you guys later. And then he just takes, he just like fucking, or you get those real professional ones and do the full spin on you, and they're just like, yeah, shit. Whip around. Yeah. All that. Like, but the training wise, man, it's, it's, there's, it's not much. So there's no training. So there's no like, but there's not a, there's not like where there's bootcamp or anything like that. Oh, not no more. No. Okay. I think that was the seventies security guards.


I used to learn from those tough guys. Did you Oh? yeah. Punch 'em in the face. I'm like, well we can't do that. Like, we're not cops. I'm like, when you find out as a security guard that you're not a cop and things change, you're like, oh, I can do some shit now. But that was back in the day. Now you just have to kind of watch 'em steal and run off out the mall. And you're like, Hey. But what do you mean when you watch 'em? When you see 'em like late? Okay, so as of like the past 10 years now, you know, everyone's got cell phones and a stick up their ass. So it's like, Hey, I'm trying to steal from your store. Don't touch me. So now some guy who won a case don don't know however many years ago now it's like, you can't chase 'em, you can't touch 'em. You just have to kind of monitor their stealing.


Like, Hey man, put that Gucci belt in that pocket. It's showing, you know, like, you gotta kind of escort 'em out the mall. So what do you, but you can't, can you even what? So what's your, what do you used to be like, stop fucker. Yeah. Like can you even do that? No, you can't even say that. You can't just say fucker. You just say fuck fucker. You know? Like you say, stop. They're like, Hey, you can't tell me what to do. I identify as go, you know, oh shit. You know? So there's no training. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So there's no training. Do you shadow anybody when you first start? Like, yeah, you'll go in, you'll shadow a couple of the, the guys that have been there a while, they'll show you what stores to stay away from. What stores are cool. More or less just doing the whole rounds. A lot of time you would have some malls would make you like scan in every 10 minutes through the place.


But then we just kind of figured out if you just took a picture and then went to the copy place and made a copies of those and had a sheet, you can just sit in the office and scan those things if nobody's watching. So as soon as your shadow leaves, that was pretty much it. Oh, so you're saying like a QR code? Yeah. Like at each place you'd have to scan as you're Yeah. Moving around the mall. Yeah. So every day you'd have to go and check in like, oh, I'm at the baby gap, you know, here. And then you just have to keep checking in as you go through the mall to make sure that you've secured the whole place. Stuff like that. Like I'm at Baby Gap, I'm at Bed Bath and Beyond. I'm at Rocco's Tacos or whatever. And just around the bin. Yeah. So we just take a picture of the barcode, send it to our email, put all the barcodes on a sheet, printed it, and then we had it in the office.


So you could just sit there and just scan it every few minutes. Yeah. We had put a, like timers on our cell phones and stuff, like, Hey, how long do you think it would take us to get from here to here? One guy was an idiot, he would scan 'em all in a row. Oh God. And one of time our supervisor came in, he was like, Hey, speedy you, like, how are you doing this? And he is like, and we got caught a little bit, but yeah. Wow. That's a good hack, bro. Yeah, we had a lot of hacks at the mall. Actually. They don't Oh. yeah. When you pull up. So when you start, when you first start there, what other, were there like old heads working there? Like what are the different types of mall cops? Oh man. Okay. So you got your, you got your pant booters, we call 'em pant booters. Those are the security guards who did not make it as a cop.


Their uncle or their step uncle was a cop. So they wanted to be a cop. So they come in, they got the whole vest on, everything's tucked in nice. They got their pants tucked into their boots, you know, they're ready for combat. And it's like, bro, it's, it's a mall job. You know? So you got that guy and And, I, I will tell everyone that, you know, that guy? We all work with that guy. Yeah. Then sometimes you get the little thug dudes that are just like, hanging around just 'cause they need a job. And that's not, you know, I'm not being discriminative, but that's, it's very true. We get a lot of little thug guys that do security. It's great. 'cause they're the ones who usually bring the weed for us, you know? So it's always like, fuck yeah, love you guys. So those guys are usually ones like, you know, and that's, that's not a race, that's just the little ghetto guys that always come.


They don't do their job shirt's, untucked. They're like, eh, we just do the bare minimum, you know, after someone's stealing, let us know. Yeah. Those guys always look like they're gonna get some, some girl pregnant or they already have from like, the girl from Cinnabon's usually pregnant. Is she? Hell yeah. Oh. yeah. It's in the oven baby. Hell yeah. Both the bun and that. Did two buns going at once. Drizzle it. Yep. Okay. So And so those are the main two types of cops you feel like the mall cops. And, and then there's just the, the average Joe, like I, I, I would've put myself in the average Joe category. Like, you know, just the dad who just needs a job. But there's that guy. Okay. You know, there's the real Paul block kind of type, you know, like no girlfriend, no wife, you know, lives at home with mom, can't wait to go play video games type guy.


You know, like, almost like the guy that never left them mall in a way. He grew up in the mall and was like, I'm gonna get a job here. You know, like, never left. I'm gonna stay here. Yeah. Malls are awesome. Yeah. I'm getting that 10% discount. Malls are awesome, dude. I remember in our, we used to go to Slide l Louisiana. They had a mall there. Bring it up, see if it's there. Just see some images of it. And they, So this is a north shore square Mall? Yeah. Those the doors we'd go in, dude. And we'd camp. They'd let you camp right outside by the parking lot, like in the medians. So we'd get dropped of, of over there on Saturday. We'd hang out at the mall and then we'd sleep in our tents. And then Sunday we'd go back into the mall, dude. And they had a church service in there too.


And we could just go do it All right there. Nice. Get you Yeah. Some lunch. Get you on some of those little shaker chairs that, you know, I loved when those first came out. Oh, I was there for that. Like, I was there for that evolution of the mall chair. Were you? Yeah. They just popped up one day and were like, what in the lazy as this, you know, like, it was great. You know? So all of us would be on our break just fucking vibrating out And I. Like, you can't do that. I'm like, shit, if I can't, it only cost a dollar, you know? Yeah. That's great. Hey, whisper something nasty to me. Right? You know? Oh, it's great segue. You're like, Oh. yeah. What was the uniform like that you guys had? Oh, it was, it was just a basic cop knockoff. I refused to wear the mount me hats.


'cause what, what is it? The mounty hats. Oh, mounty hats. Yeah. We call 'em mount me hats, you know, from Oh. yeah. But no, some malls will literally make you wear a mounty hat. And it's like, why? We're like, we're in the fucking mall. We're not like, who are y'all? Yeah. Like, don don't know if you could. Yeah. See, like, that's literally, that's literally how a lot of mall cops will. What? Yeah. Why do they even make y'all look like that? Like, I have no idea. That's one of the most ridiculous things. Whoever did that you really hate all of us. Yeah. Whoever. Like, because there's a ultimate mall cop out there who's just like, I'm gonna make this the worst uniform ever. And it's funny 'cause you get those little ghetto dudes are like, they come in, they're like, fuck yeah, I'm here to work. And it's like, okay, well put on your little mounty hat. And you're like, ah, shit. You know?


Why is the hat, is it, do you think it's just so people know immediately who is there to help 'em if they need it, I suppose. But it's just more of like a target Oh. yeah. You know, it's like at the, we're already getting called Renta cops and everything else in the book. Yeah. Or whatever. Yeah. You know, it's like, sorry, I shit. I don't give a fuck that. Yeah. I don't care. I, me neither. But I, I've been called s all the like Oh. yeah. But now they're like, oh, look at this. In that hat. Yeah. It's like, you're like, fuck man. I could've just like, you got me there. Yeah. You're like, fuck, we were good. Now the hat. Fuck me. And it's like, you can't even deny that. You could, you could argue back with like, well, you're, well look at your shoes and then all you has to do is go, you have a mount me hat on.


Yeah. You're a Canadian. Yeah. And, and then on top of it, here's the worst part. Some malls will do the stripes. And like, I've been here for two years. I got a stripe, you know, I, I got me a little lieutenant stripes, like Lieutenant of what? The fucking food court, you know, like, who cares? But that, those are some of the mall. I, I've dealt with a few malls and that, one of the malls I had to deal with the mount me hats and the stripes. And they give you stripes how many years you've been there. Wow. Yeah. And one guy had like six. I was like, you need a fucking life, bro. All decorated. Looked like a general and shit. Five star. He's serious, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Oh his. And then he was the one on the mounting hat who had, like, if you look at 'em, they have like these little, like ropes or something that's on don.


Don't know what they're actually called. His was gold out of every, like, everyone had black ones. They were gray hats with black. He had to have a gold rope because he was the leader or something. He was just there. The, he wasn't even the supervisor. He was just there the longest. Yeah. It's like, okay. Like, you know, ten four. Yeah. And, and what kind of do, what kind of tactical gear do you guys have? It depends on the mo, it depends on how they want you dressed. I've had to do the whole get up to where I, like, I've been to armed security guard, so I've had to wear guns and stuff. And the holsters and bulletproof vests and all that. Just because of what was going on in the situation. And that, those are fun. It's fun to dress up like GI Joe. 'cause you know, I'm 45, so it's like I get to play out a little kid fantasy something.


I'm like, man, I, I kind of wanna do this when I was a kid. And, I'm just like, yeah, fuck yeah. You know? Yeah. All teched up worked dis When I worked dispensaries, I used to work a lot of dispensaries this past 10 years too. We were all tacked up and tacked out and looking like swat and shit until the real cops came. And they're like, what are you doing playing dress up? I'm like, you know, selling me, but are, are, wait, are mall cops allowed to carry weapons? At one point we were. And then one point we were not, we were allowed to carry batons and, and what pre-rolls or whatever. Yes. Basically it's like, it's either I'm gonna beat you or here smoke this, you know. Fuck. But, but you guys had a baton. Like, I like my, my era was like the last era of being able to carry a baton.


Yeah. And what's funny in California, like say you fucking come running out. And. I have a gun and a baton. If I shoot you in the lake, I'm good. If I hit you with that baton LA riots. Yeah. All over. It does there. See Wow. The baton. Was it heavy Oh? yeah. It's about, it's about an eight pound stick of just, and they, they, there were some guys that actually teach you how to use the baton and stuff. And it's like they get you on this wrist thing and bend you all up and you're like, oh shit, can I just hit 'em with it? You know? Like, I'm like, nah, you have to use it tactically. That's what they said. Did you ever get to hit somebody with it? I threw one at somebody one time. Yeah. Yeah. It was like right out of the fucking movies too. You hit 'em in the legs and he tripped and he fell and we beat the shit out of him.


It was, it's okay. It was, man, it was a long time. How long ago was it? Oh shit. And Jan? No shit. Early twenties. So like 2020 or 2003 maybe. Something like that. What's the, what's the statute of limitations on that do you think? Mall abuse or whatever. Nonsexual. Oh, those are the best though. 10 years. You're good. Yeah. You're good dude. Alright. So I threw this baton at this guy right now. He was running out the store. Somebody's like, Hey, you know Thief And? I was like, And I. Swear to you. I don't know what movie clicked in my head. I was like, grab your baton, throw it. I just threw it. And I said Whoa. And it made the little noise and everything clipped him in the leg.


He tripped And. I was like, like in my, in my soul. I was like, I fucking did it. And by the time I like realized that my guys were already on him, I'm like, yeah, that was awesome. But yeah, you do that now you're going like, as a security guard, you might go to jail. Yeah. That sucks. Well now it's so crazy. Literally a thief can be like, watch this asshole security guard. Try to stop me from getting what I need. And you're like, you just totally rephrase. Stealing. Right. Okay. And why are you fucking filming this? Like Yeah. Things have definitely gotten really ridiculous out there. That's for sure. Man. So outside of the baton, did you guys, was there taser ever, was there any smoke screens or smoke bombs or flares or baby flares or anything like that?


Not smoke bombs. We used fart bombs. Really? Yeah. We the little like fart ones. If, if the crowd was like too much, we like, it wasn't a legal tactical move, old school move. But instead of like, you know, like, hey, everyone clear out. We wouldn't say shit. Just throw one of those fart things on the ground or something. It was all the stink bombs. They were called Stink bombs. Stink bombs. We thought it was stink. Bum on the ground. Cleared Not a word. Not a fucking word. Out of our mouth. And were those government issued or whatever? No, those were out of the ice cream truck on the way to work. Oh, they sold 'em there. Oh. yeah. The ice cream truck. Oh. yeah. You're like, oh let me get a bubble gun ice cream. I had some stink bombs. Those are the good ice cream trucks when they had the cap gun still, you know gang.


Yeah. Oh. yeah. I didn't know they had all of that. Yeah, we just got the sweetss or whatever. don don't think ours had kind of a, you know, violence section or whatever. Semi violence. This security guard filmed all his farts for six months. You ever meet him? No. But damn, where's he at? That's a fucking, that's a goal. I'm gonna go seven. He got fired for it. Paul fart. He called himself Paul. Why would he get fired? I don't, it's this ama You can't fart anymore. You kidding. Can't do anything man. He really did. Oh. yeah.


By the way, this is that dad I'm talking about. That works. I love this dude. Oh. yeah. And he just, his hair, his hair is mustache. One cool thing about a ball is though, honestly it's got the perfect acoustics. It really does. For to, for a fart to just rock the fricking cz bar in there. Especially if you have like that back alley of like behind the stores where you do all the deliveries. You can get some good echoes in there. Oh. yeah. It's a real fart paradise back in there. So take me on a typical mall shift, man. You get there, you get there, clock in, clock in, usually take a shit or go smoke.


'cause we don't do that for free. You have to do that on the clock. Yeah. Gotta get paid. Did you have a strategy meeting or anything like that? Yeah, we a little powwow. All right guys, you know we're gonna have a good day today. Get out there and do your job. Our powwows for model security wasn't that much, you know, really? Nah. Is there ever any intel that comes in that's like, Hey, we got this to worry about. Or there's like a drug group passing through? Anything like that? Yeah, sometimes we would get like a stack of papers on our thing and there'd be like pictures of like some random Asian dude stealing like cologne or some shit. And you're like, watch out for, you know him. And they're like, oh, okay. And you know, you never see him ever. 'cause he already done stole. So there are those moments though, where you get like a paper and you're like, Hey, mall's most wanted or something.


And he walks by you and you're just like, fuck yeah. You know, this is my moment right here. Really? Yeah. And then like, take me on one of those kind of so you like, okay. So sometimes they'll make a big deal out of it. Like, hey, there's this mall guy, he's going around, he's stealing a bunch of shit. Here's pictures of him. Okay. Like the wet bandits or whatever. Hell yeah. Fucking shout out we Bandits. But something like that, you know what I'm saying? Like a guy that's made a name for himself. Yep. Props, stealing from malls. Yeah. We had one guy who was, I bring up the clone thing 'cause he was actually a cologne thief. He would steal all the samples without the lids and shit. So he would get all these samples and just run off. But we got little sample baby. Huh? He was Asian? Yeah. Oh God. He was, yeah. I actually bought some from him after the fact.


Seen him on the, some stolen ones from him. Yeah. And they're only 15 bucks. I seen him on the trolley. I was like, Hey dude, were you the one stealing cologne? He is like, yeah, which one do you want? And I was like, fuck man. We get that CK one. Well, CK one wasn't too bad, huh? No it wasn't. Not at all. God. They had some good colognes back then. I remember they had Aqua Aqua Aqua dig. Dude, I'm actually wearing the black Aqua Dig Geo right now. Really? Yes sir. They came out with black. Yeah, it was a darker little bottle or something. Wow. Yeah, dude. Yes sir. That one right there. That fourth one right there. I felt, I just was always so ashamed of myself. Was a child. I never felt like I deserved to smell good.


No even wear cool water. No. Cool water was for brothers or kids that were fucking, you know, I wasn't wearing that. What would I wear? I would sometimes get some old spice from my dad. And then I would also put like, what would I do? I would rub like, what was it that had kind, oh, deodorant. I was just deodorant on the outside of my arms or like right here or whatever. 'cause my mom taught us, you know, we watched my mom do perfumes or whatever. Okay, so you're at work, you guys have had a strategy meeting, right? Yeah. We got the paper. We see, we'll just use, we'll say Bobby Lee stole some fucking cologne. So we're like, all right, cool.


Bobby Lee, he's the fucking guy. And herbs. Would y'all call it, is there a term y'all use this fucking guy? Yeah. That's fair. This fucking guy, man. We're gonna get him. No, we didn't. Like a lot of us didn't try to use the whole cop terms and stuff like that. 'cause then he kind of looked like the douche bag, you know? Right. So we just leave it to the guy who tucks his pants and his boots. Like the purpose here. It's like Bobby Lee is here and that's all it is, you know? Yeah. So literally the one day that the perp walked by, I kinda was like, holy shit, this, this is him. You know? That's him. So I radioed it in, you know, I did my whole Gus to the headquarters and they're like, what's up? I'm like, yo, Bobby Lee's here. And they're like, no shit. I'm like, yeah, well watch, come here. So they started watching him on the camera.


We started following him and they're like, just let him steal first. And this, this was back in the day of like, we can touch you, grab you and throw you, you know? Yeah. So we followed him into like, I think it was Macy's. And he walked right in the Macy's and he had no hesitation. He started grabbing clone and just started putting it in his belt. Like you're watching him? Yeah. From how far away? Like where are you guys strategically located? Somewhere. I actually had took my shirt off 'cause I, I just wore Dickies. So don don't know if you guys know where Dickies are. There's black pants. Totally. Dude. Yeah. So I just wore Dickies I. don didn't wear Mexican uniform. Fricking wedding wear. Fuck yeah. So as soon as I took that off this white shirt and Dickies looked like I was from San Diego, you know? Yeah. So I was walking by and he is doing his thing, man. I was like, so you were undercover? Pretty much.


Yeah. I did a lot of undercover work at the mall. He was Take your shit off. He just looked like a essay from Ms. And It was like, good to go. And so I see him, he's sit, he's stealing the shit. And I called back And. I said, what are we doing? He goes, grab him. Fucking just grab him. We grab him, we snatch him. Who grabs him? You somebody else? I grab him. No, I grab him. Okay, well take me in. You're making the move on him. Does he see you coming? Did he come from the back? He actually saw me walk by. He kind of gave me a nod. And I was like, because I, I gave him the look like, Hey, I man, steal that shit bro. Right on. You know, like, keep going. I never was like, I would never give myself away. So I walked around and as soon as they said grab him, I literally just walked up, grabbed him by the shoulder and said, Hey man, you're coming with me. You know, I gave him the whole like, you're coming with me.


'cause it was my first time Oh. yeah. Actually just like apprehending somebody in the act. And how long have you been A Mall, Cop at that point? Till you got to apprehend this guy? Probably about three years. And Wow. So I was just waiting. It was my moment. You were waiting to grab this fucking guy? Fuck yeah. Snatched him up. Hey man, you're coming with me. That's what you said. I was like, Hey man. Yeah. I was like, Hey man, you're coming with me. The whole like, the hole, just nine, you know, It was like, you come with me. Lifted up his shoulder. I was like, what do you think you're doing? And he's like, and he just looked up. He goes, oh, I'm sorry, but you put him on the ground. Yeah. I tripped him on his leg. Like, 'cause we were backing up and he trying to lead forward and any type of movement you do away from me, you're resisting. Yeah. We're fucking going down. So as soon as I pulled him back and he went a little forward, I just snatched his leg. We went down, I think one of the bottles broke.


'cause it just started smelling like fucking cologne. Badly. Guilty. Yeah. It literally, I was like, oh shit. It's 'cause when we were in the office writing him up and the cops were coming, he just smelled like, whatever cologne broke on him, everybody in there smelled. Yeah. Yeah. But like aftershave or whatever. But it was literally one of my best moments as A Mall, Cop. Just because I was like, I got him. I saw the, like, I saw the picture and within an hour there he was And. I was like my fucking golden goose. You're mine. You know what I mean? So it was good. I loved it. Did you, now do you then have to go prosecute, you have to do a citizen's arrest. You do a citizen's arrest, you do all that, and then you handle, so you guys take him where, so you guys take him into the a back office.


Into a back room. Yeah. Back. Do you have him wrapped up or tied up? No, we just put a zip tie on his hand. I had these big ass industrial zip ties and we usually used to leave 'em on this hook. We never used them. We only used them if we brought somebody into the office that needed one. So I was just, Hey man, stick your hands out. And then he's like, he looked at me, he is like, oh shit. I'm like, yeah, And I was like, are they too tight? And he goes, no. I'm like, oh, And I zipped them a little bit more. 'cause I didn't want him, you know, It was like, fuck 'em, you know? Oh, that's crazy. When you're asking 'em if they're too tight. It's obvious that, yeah. It's like, this is, but he, you know, he felt it's like a little tighter. Why don't you, you know, you know, he felt some shame that day. And I was just like, I bet the cologne Bandit was mine. We never saw 'em again. You know? And do you then turn 'em over to the police?


What's that like? That's, that's the lame part. You gotta call them. And it's like, they're not rushing to come handle this, you know? So nine times outta 10, you're sitting there with Bobby just shooting the shit for like two hours. You know? Like's up, man. Why do you steal? And then by the time you've already like counseled him, you wanna let him go? I actually wanted to let him go, but it was already in, like, we were already in motion when I was like, bro, you fucked up. You know? Like, I already had to fuck you up. And now the cops are coming. The first 10 minutes It was like, they're coming to get you, man. You're so fucked. You know? And 20 minutes in It was like, are you thirsty, man? Yeah. Like, you know, so about, literally cops took about two hours to get there.


And by the time they got there, they're like, all right, so what's going on? It was like, oh, this guy was stealing, blah, blah, blah. He's, he's the clone Bandit. You know, we got, he's like, okay, so come with us. And then that was it. It was like, there was no fireworks at the end of this show. You know? It was, it was pretty, that's why I said, it's pretty lame when you call them to come take 'em away. 'cause it's like you want them to drag 'em out and beat the shit out of 'em too, you know? Yeah. Just give 'em a little extra. Fuck 'em. You know? Fuck yeah. Fuck 'em. Fuck yeah, dude. You gotta, somebody has to get beaten.


There's something about Gametime. If you're going to a concert like I did recently, I went to see the Grateful Dead and Company at the Sphere. If you're going to see a sporting event or a, an entertainment type of deal, well, Gametime makes getting tickets for concerts and events faster and easier, even if you don't buy tickets right away. Prices on the Gametime app actually go down the closer it gets to show start time with killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying concert tickets. Gametime also offers seat views. So you can get a panoramic view from your seat in the app before you buy as well the lowest price guarantee. That's right. Game time's offering it or Gametime will credit you 110% of the difference as well. With Gametime, your purchase is covered with the most flexible customer service policy in the ticketing industry. Take the guesswork outta buying concert tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. create an account and use code WEEKEND for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again, create an account and redeem code. W-E-E-K-E-N-D for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


You know, being a human adult has some, has some pros and cons. You know, some of the pros, you can eat ice cream for dinner and you can take a walk whenever you want. Those are nice things, but it's not all fun. You also have to do your taxes and figure out what's for dinner every fricking night. Come on. And you have to make doctor's appointments. But for that one, there's Zocdoc Zocdoc, the healthcare app that makes adulting that much easier. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than 100,000 healthcare providers across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, eye care, to skincare, and so much more. Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score some same day appointments. So I recommend Zocdoc the other ways. It's so painful. Look in here in this website, your search, your I don't do that anymore. I Zocdoc and so should you. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to Zocdoc Zocdoc dot com slash theo to find an instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's ZOCD c.com/t HEO Zocdoc dot com slash theo.


And then what about like, we, what did y'all's relationship with the cops like? You know, they didn't like us too much just because we were a waste of their time. You know, calling them for stupid shit. Stealing and all that. Because if you catch somebody at, like, back then, if you caught somebody, you had to hold them. You know, it's different now. You don't even call the cops nowadays. don don't even know what the fuck they're doing now. But they had that entitlement because we are cops. Oh, they show up like you're big dogs Oh. yeah. Do they look at you? Yeah. What's you guys' relationship like? Is it, it was simpatico or No, no, not, it was just like those movies. Like what does simpatico mean? Do you know? No, actually I don't. Yeah, look it up real quick. Do you mind Kinda threw me off on that one.


Sorry. No, you're good. I thought it was Spanish likable and easy to get along with. Okay. No, we didn't definitely get along. It was like out of those movies, you know, when like the detectives are all sitting like, so like the, the regular cops are there. So say where the regular cops were. We got it going on, it's our area. And then the FBI walks in, they're like, all right guys, we're taking over. Go handle the perimeter type shit. And that was our relationship with them. There was always like, it wasn't too much like, oh man, thanks a lot guys for doing your job and you know, defending our country at the mall and shit. It was just more like, fuck yeah, fuck what man? Like I was not doing anything. Now I'm doing something at the mall. Yeah. You know, it's like And I actually had a cop tell me one time, this motherfucker, I forget his name.


I had to give him a whole description of what was going on. And the problem was, is we didn't even have the guy, we had to just give a description of the guy who stole and the things he did to the car. 'cause he poured like some bleach on a car, some, some dumb shit. So we're giving him all this description and he literally turns at me goes, yeah, if I wanted to be A Mall Cop, I would've been A, Mall Cop. And walked away And I was like, fuck man. Like what? And what was he having issues? You guys were having issues with communication? No, he just, it the list of shit that I was giving him and just got too long for him. Yeah. He was like, okay, so yeah, I get it. I get it. So what was he wearing? You know, And, I was like, I told you that in the beginning, you know? Yeah. I was like, you could have cut that conversation off when you found out he was five two. You know?


It's like, but I, but some of it has gotta be crazy. Like, you got, you, you know, you have a Chinese guy, whatever, pinned up against the wall for like, you know, getting a pair of loafers or whatever. And then the cop has to cut. He's like, what the fuck are we doing down here? Yeah. Trust me, we, we were not on their radar of crime, you know? I, I feel like, so they wouldn't keep, they wouldn't clue you guys in like, what was going on in the community and stuff? No. There, we didn't get no, no updates or nothing like that. Like what? No, they were like, there's like, we would know if there was a rapist in the area or anything or anything like that. You wouldn't No. Fuck. They didn't care about us. You know? And you would think they would tell you if there was a rapist somewhere. Because, I mean, first of all, one of the few places that everybody kind of goes sometimes is the mall.


Right? Pretty much. If you're a rapist, you still go to the mall. You have to, you have to buy clothes, right? Well, you got, I mean, you just, everybody goes, you know, so it's like, that's the kind of shit to me. It's like you think you give those guys at least just information. 'cause they're just standing around all day. A lot of cops will use our parking lots for the hangout. You ever seen where like, two cop cars like face each other? Yeah. Yeah. That was our like, and you can't go near 'em. You can't go, Hey Jim, what's going on? They're like, fuck away from us. Really? Yeah. It, it, it was weird. Like they had this like, whole bubble around them. 'cause they would always park in our parking lots. Yeah. Every mall I've ever worked at, there's always a pair of cops that will do the whole facing each other. Like, eh, you know, shit. Yeah. Two cops touching fronts or whatever.


Yeah. Tip, tip. I love 'em. You know, you just like, fuck you guys, you know. But they didn't want us coming near 'em. We were never allowed to talk to 'em or anything. So we would just let them be in their little bubble. What type of overall crime goes down at the mall? Like what type of crime are we talking about? A lot of stealing. Really? A lot of, a lot of stealing. Of course. And do you see people steal sometimes? Like you'll see 'em, can you tell after a while anybody could be a thief? Anybody can be a thief. Anybody? Oh man, I've, I, I've seen, I've seen moms, you know, stick shit in like kids' backpacks. Mm. You know, on camera. I'm like, what the fuck is going on here? You know?


Anybody can be a thief. I, I've seen a group of sweet old Mexican ladies, you know, like, oh, they're, and they're like, they're inviting you over for dinner and shit and this and that and the other, and you turn around and they're stealing the fucking car. You're like, whoa. You know, like, like, yeah. Anybody can steal from the mall. Damn. Like, vandalism. That's not, that's not really like a everyday crime. It's more of a crime when someone like gets thrown out of a store and you want to like, break their door, kick their windows in and shit. Yeah. Thinking you did something to a corporate company who's got millions of dollars. Like, oh, I broke your a hundred dollars window. It's like, all right, cool. We're just gonna replace that. You know? Those are the crimes that we get at, at the mall.


Sometimes fights. Oh, fights are good. Really? Yeah. Mall fights are good. When do people go to the mall to fight? You mean meeting at the mall to fight? Yes. Or you're saying just things happen at the mall and a fight happens. Like gang versus gang, you know, two diff really Oh. yeah. Where at, where was this at? Down San Diego. In San Diego? Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day, like malls were always like, where everyone just conjured up, you know, all the gangs, all the crews. Everyone like after school or the ditch parties would go there and some groups just didn't get along, you know? And next thing you know, you got this big fun riot brawl in the middle. And back then you were allowed to get in it and fight with them and throw 'em down and stuff. And those were fun.


Really? Yeah. Yeah. Here's a mall. These are kids. I, yeah, this is a lot of kids off of school. These kids nowadays, man, they're ruthless. I had a, they're sick. I was working a, a high-end department store. And this kid literally walked right up to me. He goes, do you work for the store or the mall? And I was like, why And? I could already tell he is about to steal all these Gucci belts. I'm like, why? He goes, because if you work for the store, you can't touch me. And if you work for the mall, you can't chase me. And I was like, fuck bro. Like it's all you. Then, you know, fucker stole belts right in front of me.


And I was like, get outta here, man. Like, because you can't do anything piss you off little bit. Just, it feels disrespectful. Yeah. Like right in your face. And you're like, that's trash. It's like, fuck you little fucker. You know? It's trash. Just 'cause that, just 'cause you can't afford the belt, you know? You don't come here steal. It's just kind of, and also then if you're stealing something that's just a good, and it's not like an it's, it's a want. Right? It's not a need or something, or a snack or something like that. Milk bread or something. Oysters like that. Then you're not do, you're, it's your own choice at that point. You know? Pretty much. It's not you like needing to survive, you know? It's just, nah, you don't need a Gucci belt to fucking pay, you know?


Yeah. You can't eat a Gucci belt, man. Who's at the mall anymore. And how has that changed over time? Oh man. So from the early two thousands till now, it's definitely a huge change. Everyone back then went to the mall no matter what. Oh yeah. I mean, you had the grandma, like in the morning, in the, in the beginning. In the morning. If you find the right mall, like I worked at a mall in Minnesota and that mall had like little mile markers through it. And you get the whole old person group coming out and do their power walking and shit. Oh. yeah. I love that. And so those are the days where you would see that transition about 9:10 AM where all the old people leave. And then you get the adults coming in, you know, like get the sales and shit.


And then once noon hit, if it's a weekend, then the kids start piling in. It's fucking, you know, the mall was functional back then. Yeah. It was like, people watching was fun fucking back then, you know, like, it was fun to watch. Now I feel like nobody cool goes to the mall if like, and it's not like, I'm not saying it like that. It's just like, yeah, you go to the mall now for like direct service. You're like, all right, I'm going to here to get this and I'm leaving. Right. A lot of people don't hang out at the mall no more. It's not like, let's go to fucking Cinnabon and grab a, some wetzels pretzels, you know? Shout out to Wessel's pretzels. By the way, by the way, if you notice Wessel's pretzels you can only find in a mall, I swear. Really? Yeah. Think about it. Yeah. Yeah.


That's cool. Wow. Mall food. Yeah, mall food is definitely something. Yeah, dude, the mall was such a place. I mean, we would sleep overnight outside of there. Hell yeah, we would. Yeah. Your friends, you'd go, I remember during summer camp, one of our field trips would be to the mall. We'd all go to the mall. People would wish in the fountains that were at the mall, you know? Oh, they'd have. Yeah. What else would we do there? You just going to see the different stores walking down the mall. You stop at that candy store that had all the different candies. You'd go in the Bed Bath and Beyond, or the candle store and do that. The Disney store. The Disney Store, Disney Store doll.


The fucking Disney store. That shit was fucking Clutch. Mexicans love that store too, eh? Fuck yeah. Why bro? Fuck it. Why though? Really? I liked it, bro. It's not racist. If it's true. And, I. Stick by this. If you can't afford to go to Disneyland, then the Disney store was the next best thing. They had little fucking things. I, I love the, I love the Disney Store, man. Like Disney Store was so good, bro. The good, the the original Disney Store. Yeah, they, they still have them, but the OG Disney stores, when they were like, hi, welcome in. And Tinkerbell would come flying by and you're like, fuck it, I'm here. Dude. It was that. You're right, bro. There was nothing like that Disney store we used to get, they used to have like the shirts with the characters coming outta the pocket Kind little.


You talking about Goofy with hang off? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a big thing, man. I remember I'd get my siblings Christmas gifts and stuff from there a lot of times. Night gowns or something. You could get your sister like something she wanted, you know. Oh dude. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, one ti hey, no bullshit one time, me and my friend Young Dave, shout out Young Dave. Love you. Y kd Young King Dave. Not that guy that died from smoking weed, huh? No, no, no. My dad. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I heard about that Young King Dave. Bring him up. Pull up Young King Dave, bro. RIP dude. Smoking Big Dons. He died from smoking weed, huh? Yeah. Yeah. He was like smoking. We, he smoked a joint backwards or something and he had as asbestos or whatever and it killed him. What? Dave James Young King Dave Nixon passed away at 19.


Where'd he, where was he always smoking out? This is years ago. His manager, Chris Clemenza, I used to message with him for a while, bro. I was a big fan of him. Oh wow. Smoking Big Dons out in, where did he say Oh? yeah. Play the audio Out here in Amish. Smoking Big Dons in Amish. Fuck yeah. Big old dos. He'd be smoking big dos out there in Amish, dude. And he'd get gang and he died. Damn. He had a, he smoked. He just smoked all the time. I think And I wanna say he died. I wanna get this right.


What did he die of? Do you know? Play that one more. Play one more. Where you smoking a, a joint. We used to have guys like that work security with us. Really? Oh. yeah. They were the best. They always bring the weed. It's fucking nice out. Who's trying to chill? Smoke some loud, feel me. Fuck yeah. I got loud. Hit my line. Either DM me or hit my line, bro. I got loud. I'm trying to smoke. Just smoke it then. Right. You know? But yeah, that was a beautiful time with Oh, a collapsed lung is what got him. God. Oh Jesus. Complications from a collapsed lung. He did have loud dude. He blew his fucking, yeah.


But that also comes from all those vapes that kids smoke nowadays. Like, and adults smoke 'em too, like me and other people. But you smoke vape. Let's don't say that. But yeah, I do. I've been on and off it. You know, you try your best. Right. But yeah, shout out YKD, bro. I just, yeah, he was like one of the first dudes to kind of go viral and he was always smoking big nos out there and, and that's what killed him. He would literally drive all over, just meet people to smoke weed and shit. And what a great guy. He got too big to get in his car or whatever. He was always eating. There he is at a mall. Hell yeah. What'd he say? Kg where a bitch is at, bro.


Oh. yeah. He almost died right there. They got Nathan's in a mall. That's a great fucking mall. Nice. So yeah, just seeing something like that is great, man. But go back to the Disney story. Yeah, let's go back. Oh dude. Yeah. Start from the beginning of that man. Oh dude. When you walked in. Yes. And it had that smell. It had that good Disney smell. Well, it was very organized. Things were kind of pricey in there a little bit. Yeah. So it had like some esteem. You could get something small, like a key chain, but you could get something like ice skates or something. You know, if Oh, yeah. A princess dress the whole night. All that shit. If you had a child or a little daughter or somebody, you could take 'em in there.


That was a pretty high end store, I felt like for the mall. As far as children's paraphernalia was, Hey, that, I'll never forget that bundle of plush. There was always like a big area of like all the stuffed animals and shit. Oh man. I used just kind of give it a hug, you know? Yeah. Well that too. They had that nice stuff that now Disney showed up with a quality stuffed animal. I think Applause was the company that made a lot of their stuff. The parent company, whatever, that made the stuff to animals. But yeah, dude, when the Disney store came, we got kicked. Me and my friend got kicked out of a Disney store inside. I don't know if you remember the little theater that was inside for kids to kinda like crawl in and there was like, they would show Disney movies inside there.


Yeah. Oh, it's for children. I didn't go in there. Yeah. Well, I slid in there one time to roll Blunt real quick and hurried up. Got that done. But then I got stuck watching the fucking cartoons and the leaders like, Hey, keep it moving guys. And like, yeah dude, sorry. We're just like Mickey Mouse man Mall type shit, homie. That's what it is, dude. Yeah. Yeah. What other source? Now what about Build A Bear? Were you there when that came out or not? Oh? yeah. Yeah. And what, what kind of clientele would you see over there, brother? Mostly the white folk. Was it really? Yeah. Builder Bear's a white thing. Yeah. Yeah. I, I would say so. A little bit. You know, it, it's an experience. It's fun. You know what I mean?


Here's a store for you. Sharper Image. That was the fucking jam right there. Oh. Sharper Image was like by far, I think Sharper Image was the reason I got a mall job, actually. Wow. No, no shit. 'cause Oh. yeah. It was where the future, it's where Elon Musk was born. Fuck yeah, bro. Sharper Image was dude. Wasn't he born in a Sharper Image that this was our Elon Musk? Yes. Right. Straight up sharp fucking image. Dude. You would find a hairdryer that could sort coins and massage your feet. Yeah. And massage your feet. Tell your blood type and tell you if your mom was being A-B-I-T-C-H or not. And then they would have like a remote control car that you could never fucking afford. Always.


Yeah. And It was like, It was like the best one. And, I. Don't even know what that is. But I wanted it, you know. Oh, they had ev dude. 'cause everything in there. None of It was like all, none of it made any, like, it was a ridic. They had like a wallet that could grate cheese. They had like what? You know, they had like those things. You'd put your women right there. What is that Little Foot spa? Foot spa at Home. Foot Spa. Those things that everybody bought and never used. Never, never, never, ever, never. But Sharper Image. Was it dude, they'd have like weird little, like, what is this premium innovative defrosting tray. You could just set your meat out on a tray and it would defrost. That's called a counter deft.


But they sold that bitch. Fuck. 100 bucks. Sharper Image, premium, innovative defrosting tray. Dude, what else did they have? Sharper Image Warming. Foot massage. Yeah. Fuck it. My mom had those right there. Really? Did she use 'em? She fucking, yeah. They smelled after a while. Oh. yeah, definitely. Dude, they fucking rank Oh. yeah, but Sharper. Oh, oh, that was it too. The, the hanger dryer, whatever it was, there was a a hanger for your clothes that would like blow out air and shit. Really? Yeah. Yeah. A lot of it was ridiculous. Shit. This right here is a sharper image closet. Ionic air purifier. Yeah, that's what I need. Who? So between two of your shirts you can put an air purifier.


That is the dumbest thing I've ever seen. Dude. Sharper Image. Seems like I have this invention. Yeah. It's not gonna work out. But we have this store for you. Yeah. Yeah. Everything. Now the chairs were the big thing though. You'd go in. Yeah. That's the reason you went and you'd look at the lady and she would give you a look as to whether or not it was just a, it wasn't a yes or no, it was just, you could tell if you were allowed to go eat in that chair or not. Yeah. You could tell it was either they were gonna help you out or they just gave you the look. Yeah. You know, were your parents. Yeah. They'd say something like that. Kind of passive aggressive, but direct. Yeah. Who are you here with? Myself and this chair. What stores do different ethnicities frequent at the mall.


Where do the, where did Mete go? Where did Menos go? Seas Candy. Really? Yeah. Que free candy free samples. Oh wow. You walk in, they give you a fucking treat. Hi, welcome to Seas Butter Scotch. You're like, fuck yeah. Seas Candy was the Lick Man. Seas Candy had everyone there. Oh. yeah. Seizes Candy. Huh? Hey Seizes. You gotta understand though. Seizes Candy was just a reason for us to go get free candy and Mexicans love sugar. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Wow. Good gifts too. I used to live down in Mexico. I used to get boxes of candy all the time. I'm like, wait, are you, are you saying something? No, no, no. It's good. I'm like, fuck it. Let's do this. Yeah. The peanut brittle there is pretty nice. I will say that.


They had a, they made a beautiful brittle for a while. I don't even know if Seas Candy is still open or not. Oh. yeah, they are. They are Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Giving out them free samples daily. Where else did the Mexicanos go? Ooh, back then, let's see, I forget the name of the store. Oh, remember KB Toy Store? Yeah. Yeah. They didn't go to Toys Rust. They went to KB Toy Store. 'cause it was cheaper. Mm. Respect. Yeah. Respect Shuttle man. I went there. I loved KB Toys. Yeah, I remember seeing it. don don't know where we would, I think we eat a lot of times. Get our toys over at Walmart, I think. But what about the brothers and sisters? Where do they pull up at? Oh shit. Bed Bath and Beyond. No lotions.


Oh. For show. Smell goods. Smell goods. And Lotions. Lotions. Fa lotions, bro. Yes, sir. Damn. Yep. You could fuck Oh. yeah, there was tons of lotion. God, they had all kinds in there too. All kinds, dude. Remember when, okay, so black people went to Bed Bath and Beyond. Do you remember at Bed, bath and Beyond, bro, when they CA there was, was it Bed, bath and Beyond? I think it was. Maybe it was at Sephora. They had these lotions that started to smell like cookies and shit. Dude. Oh. yeah. And they'd never had it before. And people were going crazy. I actually do, you know what's funny is I remember that year, the summer girls were walking by smelling like candy and shit.


Like, yeah, what is this? This is nice. You know? I think it was Bed Bath and Beyond Christmas. There you go. Christmas Cookies, man, body lotion. God, that shit was nice. Yeah. Shit was nice bro. It was like the new cocoa butter. Yeah. Yeah. That was Bath and Body Works. Bath and Body Works. Ah, bath and Body Works. Yeah. Bath and Body Works. That's what it was. That's what it was. What about the Indians, Bangladeshi Muslims, all that? Where do they pull up at? Any high-end stores. Really? Yeah. They were the high-end people. The, the dad's always walking with their hands behind their backs. Moms with their purses out. Kids spending all their money.


Oh. yeah. 100%. That's Asian. Yep. What was up at Hot Topic, dude? Ooh, hot topic man. Who hung out there? That was a different corner. Okay. So my hot topic era was the real Emos, the real little grungy ass kids that came in there and shit. You know, it's all like Sailor Moon now, but back then it was fucking kids eating rust and shit. Yeah. Fuck yeah, man. Like they would come in, make black makeup all over their face and shit. But the beautiful paper, my beautiful paper, Marilyn Man, the real Marilyn Manson kids. Yes. You know what I mean? Those, the people that would eat their parents if you gave 'em a half hour. Fuck yeah. And they didn't buy you something from Hot Topic. It was, yeah. Real M efforts. Hot topic was it?


Right? Yeah. Man, I loved Hot Topic. I And I. What's funny is I grew up very urban, very like hip hop and all that shit. But Hot Topic was definitely a vice of mine. Yeah, it was. Man, it really was. It was like, when you went in there, you're like, what's going on? Am I old enough to be in here? Is this something just my older brother and sister can go to? That was crazy. And they also had music in there. Yeah, they had CDs. This was back when they had CDs and shit. And so that was different. 'cause people would be there if you there picking out music than your brains in like a music space. So you might get a shirt that goes with a bang, you know? Yeah. 'cause you're like, there was a bunch of like ICP albums there. Yeah. That was that. That's who we used to hang out the I at Hot Topic.


Like the Juggalos of San Diego. Yeah. I used to love it. Hot Topic was like that, man. Hell yeah. Any other store, really. What about structure? Remember that store now? Oh, look at you blasting the pad. Wow. Miller's Outpost. Even dude, Miller's Outpost was like about Arizona and shit, homie. Yep. Miller's Outpost turned into what? Anchor Blue or something like that. Did it really? Yeah. I didn't know. Anchor Blue was like the first time he could buy like baggy pants and shit, you know? 'cause I was like, fuck. Yeah. But Miller's Outpost was definitely one of the stores that all the trendy kids went to. Like, everyone popular went to Miller's Outpost, got GenCos and shit like that. Yeah, dude. Fucking Levi's van. They had the suede vans there.


Yeah. Dude, I'd never seen any Miller's outpost until I lived in Arizona for a little bit. And that's when it was a little bit different. What do you guys see on the cameras? And did you guys ever catch anybody having sex or anything like that? Man, so I, I, I actually have a good story about that. I've, we've seen a lot on camera. I I've seen people getting head. I've seen, I I've seen it all. Oh. yeah. That's one vote for Trump right there. Hell yeah. You feel me? Hell. But we had a direct incident with one of our guards. Okay. So And what rank was he? He was a no striper, no Stripe. He was a no Stripe. He, he, he was a baggy pant Dickie wearing guy like me. Good guy though.


But he was messing around with the girl from Cinon. He was? Yeah. Was she cute? Eh, she was all right. She was a CIN Bonner, you know? Yeah. So one day I'm watching the cameras and on the cameras I notice she's going to the car. And I'm like, that's, that's not our guy. That's, I think it's the movie theater guy, you know? Wait, what are you talking about? I'm confused. Okay. So the girl from Cinnabon, we were watching her go from Cinnabon to the parking lot to her car. Okay. But she was walking with a guy. Oh, she's walking with a guy to her car. Yeah. And he, I think he was an, I think he was the employee. One of the employees from the movie theater. Mm. Goes in there. We could clearly tell they're doing some shit.


He leaves within five minutes, somebody else comes walking up, ands our guard. He gets in the car? No, they start doing their thing. Oh, was it a Honda Accord? It was a Nissan Altima. Yeah. Yeah, Altima for sure. So they do their thing and we're just like, me and my other guy are like, no fucking way this is happening. Like, she's on her break, you know, she's doing all this on her break. Oh. So she's on her break. She met up with movie dude. They're hanging in the car. He leaves, five minutes later, y'all's boy shows up. The other guard shows up, does his thing. Somebody from your rank. So we call, he gets in there And I was like, Hey man, I gotta show you something.


And I was like, Hey, you know, we saw you go. And he's like, yeah, but I know you're not gonna say nothing. Right. You know? I'm like, yeah, but Rewind. He's like, what the fuck? So we start, you know, talking shit to him and all this stuff. But I go up to the Cinon girl, And I was like, Hey, I, I watched everything that happened. She was like, please don't say nothing. I'm like, Cinnabon for life. So I got free Cinnamon for life. But yeah, my boy and the movie guy attacks the same girl in the, in the fucking, in a half hour period. Wow. Saw that on camera. And do you think it was full sex, or you think it was a whirl? It had have been full sex. The second guy. No way. Why? For sure.


He came out adjusting his pants and she came out like adjusting her shit. Mm. The first one just, she was going like, you know, like wiping it up. Oh. yeah. She needed, she probably just needed free passes or something. You know, Oh. yeah. You know, that's probably when, what's that movie that killed Paul Walker? Fasting And Furious. That's probably when Fast and Furious three came out. Have you, what else would you guys do you guys ever, Hi, this is AI calling from Kohl's department store on Gulf Road. I've got an active, This just shows how they can follow People with the mall cameras and urgent call from security to nine one one. You can do this too. Signed Oh. Yeah.


Field Kohls. Last month, We used to do it all the time. Security Guard watches two men and a woman on store security cameras load items into a cart like this wallet that she's convinced are about to be stolen. And a concealing merchandise. They've got a cart full in their, in a U-Haul truck. Damn. A whole U-Haul. U-Haul in the parking lot. She watches as they casually go through this store, even taking time to sample some cologne, but accumulate more and more items in their cart. They're About to go, hold on. They're about, sorry. They keep coming. They're about to exit and then they come back. They're like clotting their exit As the security guard waits for police to arrive.


She's still on the phone with nine one one. When the woman pushes the cart full of stolen items out the front door. Yeah. They're gonna go right now. I gotta go make the apprehension. She's the one in purple chasing the woman with The cart. See, that's why. So you can run out and yell loss prevention though. Yeah. Does you guys do that? I, I've, I've done it a couple times. Yeah. What do you do? What's that like? So what's it like now? You see somebody stealing, take me through it. Nowadays, today, today, someone's stealing. You're pretty much just grabbed a description of 'em, all that, and can you call 'em a pussy or anything like that? You can, but you just like, be wary of the cameras around you. You know?


'cause everyone's got a cell phone nowadays, and it's like, you could, you could literally lose your job over saying that. It's like fucking bullshit. You know? 'cause I do want to yell out that shit. Yeah. The guy's a thief or the woman is Yeah, definitely have had my moments of, Hey, please stop. Don't do this. You're gonna fuck up. I I literally have your license plate. And they'll just turn around like, fuck you. And it's like, okay man. And like, you just have to follow 'em out, you know? And you're just kind of escorting the, like, the thievery, you know, nowadays you're just escorting them. Now kids are coming in like 20 at a time, filling up trash bags. Yeah. And you can't stop that nowadays, man. You just have to really escort 'em out, you know? So now thieves almost get security guards.


Yeah. To make sure nobody touches them on their way out, you know? Right. To make sure. Nothing else. Not, so, I don't want anybody else getting involved here. You're almost trying to keep other people safe that are there. That sort of thing. Yeah. Like, I'm trying to steal professionally here, man, back everyone up. You know, like I'm trying to have a clear path to my car. And it's like, you give him that, you know, even Damn, bro. One time Louis Vuitton had me work down, I was working at the Louis Vuitton store in the mall. Oh, hell yeah. And we had a protest. Protest came and they start for what? Fur, like, something about like fur. Like, 'cause Louis Vuitton kills animals or some shit, blah, blah, blah. All that horse shit. But then they're all wearing leather Nikes. And I'm like, you guys are fucking up. You know?


But the, this is it. Oh, this could have been in, in a different mall. Yeah. They're from, they're from like AFA or some shit like that. They do this like weird ass Instagram post for everyone to meet up. And then they'll come, they they do that. They come in with the fucking bullhorns and shit. Right. And they say, stop with the fur. Yeah. Fur kills or something like that. But I didn't let 'em in my door. And this fucking put her megaphone right here. Oh. And I. Literally, like, you have cameras and everything and I'm, and I'm just bearing like all my hate for everything I've ever had in my life. Oh, she has a sound going right in your face.


Yeah. And, and then she'll turn it around and then she'll let the siren out. 'cause we had a rope and it's like, well, we're gonna let you go so far. It's like, I don't cross this rope. You don't cross this rope. Yeah. She had the fucking bullhorn right here. And it's like, I don't condone hitting women at all, but I wanna shove this bullhorn down your fucking throat right now. Yeah. You know, and there was a point in time where one of the guards came and he saw me shaking. He goes, are you gonna hit her? I'm like, since you said it. No. You know, but if you wouldn't have said it in the next minute, ah, something might have fucking happened. You know? And those are the things you can't do. 20 years ago, I'd have snatched that Bullhorn. Threw it across the fucking mall. Oh. yeah, for sure.


100%. But it's, it's stuff like that nowadays. It's like that, like protestors, they get away, they're throwing fur and fake blood at you, and you're just like, what are you supposed to do? You know, like, and how much do you guys get paid an hour? 20 bucks an hour. Something. Fuck. Come on, man. Yeah. Ain't nothing man. You know, to get hit by blood and fur and shit. It's like what? Wier. Ready, Wiener. Ready Wiener. Ready four.


BlueChew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra s and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost. And in chewable form, BlueChew tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. Does it work? Yep. I'll tell you that straight up baby. I've snacked on one of them Little bad boys, baby. One of them little bust pebbles. And. I. Enjoy it. BlueChew wants to help you have better sex. Discover your options at BlueChew dot com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew free when you use our promo code, Theo, at out, just pay $5 shipping. That's BlueChew dot com. Promo code Theo. To receive your first month free visit BlueChew dot com for more details. And important safety information. And we thank BlueChew for sponsoring the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. You need help, don't you? Well, sorry, I'm talking to myself. I've struggled in my life with mental health and other type of hell. Every damn, every, every type of health I could struggle with. I've had it. Yeah. Most, some my, I've never really had leg pain, but mental and emotional health, those, those have been tough spots for me. And when I get into a tough spot, I like to trust someone. BetterHelp is the group you can trust. If you're thinking of starting online therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online design to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. And I recommend that. If you have a therapist and you're like, don, don't know how this is going. Don't be afraid to make the switch. Sometimes you feel like I'm gonna hurt their feelings. You're not going to, you're gonna hurt yourself by not getting yourself the best help that you can. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash t today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash theo. This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp.


Ever catch anybody having sex in any of the like dressing rooms? Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Hell yeah, dude. I did it too one time. Did you? Yeah. New Orleans dude. Oh. yeah, I was gonna say it wasn't at, you know, this one place 'cause you do look familiar. No, no. I've, we've caught two people on camera going in and you can clearly tell they didn't go in with anything. Yeah. And the girl was like fucking, you know, giving the gist, like, fucking suck your dick. And. I was like, oh, she's doing blowing in there. She was doing all probably blow and blowing. Can you hear, can you see? Is there a camera you can see in there? No, not at all. Okay. Not at all. You could clearly see him walk in and she was like, yeah, I'm gonna suck your dick. And. I was like, Oh. yeah. She's gonna suck his dick. And we creep up, you know, we don't make it known. We creep up, we listen.


Get a little perv on for a second and then fucking beat on the doors really hard. And then, you know, it's just, oh, you know, next Yeah. Something, you know, like douce, you know, like, you know. But definitely I've caught many people in the act. Yeah. Many people, all races, all genders. Caught two gay dudes one time. That was an experience for me, you know? Really? Yeah. Like what? Did you see any action sword fighting? Nuh. You saw two wieners at once in your own line of vision. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot. It was at Horton Plaza. Horton Plaza is down San Diego. It's not there anymore. No. That's the Horton Plaza. Yeah. So it was inside the theater. And theater called and said, Hey, there's something going on.


We need males to come into the bathroom and handle this. So I get in the bathroom, And, I, hear giggling. And I almost feel they wanted to get caught. Yeah. Because when I opened the door, it was almost like they were paused and then they're like, oh, sorry. And I'm like, can please stop? And what they had their winers out? Yeah, both of 'em. Oh wow. Unfortunately one was hard and one was not. Oh wow. So was you really looked? Yeah, I had to like, it was, I mean, you didn't have to, I mean, at a certain point, you, you, well at the, I think if you see the rest of somebody's body is naked, you know the wiener's right there in the middle, you know, when you walk in and something and it's like, oh, oh Oh.


yeah. It was a, you know, that three step part of like, Hey guys, Dick's, okay, get the fuck outta my bathroom now. You know? But I feel they wanted to get caught. 100%. Well there is something weird if you see somebody naked immediately, you need to know if they have a, like you, you like, you can't even help. But there's something inside of you. I guess maybe. I don't know. I don't know. I don probably like competition. Is it bigger than mine? You know, like you think? No, I think you just don't don don't know. I remember I was in, we were in New Orleans, my girlfriend, we went into Victoria's Secrets. Right. We went up in there and yeah. And we both snuck in there and then just started having a little bit of SEX Boy.


And we were young. And so it was, you know, it was so, you know, And, I. Like, it was fun. When you're young, it's fun to just do a little bit of fucking or whatever. And it's, yeah. It was like, yeah, sober sex is is for children. I've always said that. And anyway, it was just, that was awesome. I miss her a lot sometimes. And you know, what else? But, but but was there other sexual instances you guys would see Oh? yeah. A lot in the parking lot. Really? A lot of go in the parking lot. A lot of employees after work in the parking lot. What, doing sex in cars. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. We caught somebody behind the trash can, the dumpsters one time. Like they coordinated to go take out trash together. 'cause the the guy told me goes, yeah, I told her to take out trash at like, like eight 30 and we met Oh.


yeah, it's Romeo and Juliet. Fuck yeah. And the gross thing is like, it was the food court trash can, so it smelled like food. And I was like, you couldn't use the one that uses plastic and cardboard. Oh. yeah. That's recycling. And Juliet, dude. Oh. yeah. God Oh. yeah. Yeah, that's right there behind the dumpsters though. Oh. yeah. If I Oh. yeah. It's hard for me to stay erect if there's broken glass around. Or like a bad trash smell is rough. You know, the smell of other pee kind of throws it off too. Mm. Oh dude, I remember. So Wiggers kind. I remember them Oh. yeah, I was one. Yeah. Oh really? Oh. yeah. Right on dude. Yeah, I had a black stepdad. I have a black stepdad.


So grew up in that, you know. Yeah, yeah. And everyone's like, you're a wigger. I'm like, how? There's a, a real one at my house. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. But they started at the mall, I feel like Oh. yeah. 100% Oh. yeah. Like back in the day, I feel like if you needed a Wigger or you needed a Ginger, you went to Footlocker. Oh. yeah. Or Lids. I feel like that's where they kind of, that was like their junior college or whatever. This guy's called that. My whole life right now, I love Lids. Oh, well Lids is a definite place for you to roll up and see what was kind of wiggling around the area. Oh. yeah. You know Oh. yeah. Malibu's Most Wander was always walking through Lids Oh. yeah. It was great. Yeah. And those were the ones that, because Yeah.


Yeah. That's where God kept most of the Wiggers I feel like was Foot Locker and Lids dude. Yep. Oh, 100%. 100%. And JC Penney's, they hid out in JC Penney's. Really? Yeah, because they, that's where all like some urban clothes were at, you know? Yeah. So they would get 'em on sale. They knew where the sales were. What happened as malls started to decline, man, did you notice any of that in your time? Yeah, you could definitely tell like over one summer, about 10 years, 15 years ago it was just like not packed anymore. It wasn't fun anymore. They still had the big movie blockbusters coming out, but people weren't lining up to see Spider-Man no more. You know, like once you see the theater die out, I think that's when the mall is done.


Once, once the theater starts going and you can't draw anybody in there. 'cause that's, theater has always been like the hub of why you go to like the mall sometimes. You know? Like, what are you going there for? I'm gonna the movies, you know? Right. But as soon as that decline started, it just, you could see like, and it, it's sad when you see like, empty stores in the mall, you know, like, oh man, I used to go there. And it's like, well, it's not there anymore. It's like, put something in there and they'll put like a phone store in there. Or they just, yeah. Now Apple's like 20 stores deep and you're like, who cares? You know? Yeah. Or, or it'll be like Ku Mall's Magic Shop or something. And it's like, fuck it, fuck homie. I'm not going If Yeah, if someone's dropping you out at the mall to learn magic, dude, you are being sex trafficked dude.


Yeah. You're being set up for something. I mean, that's easy, right guys? Yep. But what about during the holidays? Did malls always stay busy at the holidays? Kind of. Yeah. Did they, did They did for sure. Yeah. Because once, like, like you said, once the decline happened, star Store started doing more sales during the holidays, trying to get the attention out. And those were the times. It's like the holidays for the mall was great. 'cause it's like traffic people were out and having good times and stuff like Yeah. You know, mingling Lin. Yeah. It's fun. And and that's the best and that's the best thing about the mall. They're blasting that music, man. 24 7. It's like Oh. yeah. It feels so good.


And with, with the holiday mall thing, it's, I I wanted to go back to that. I like get rid of Cyber Monday and put it all back in the mall. Put the holiday sales back in the mall. Let us fight. Let us like terrorize doors that, you know, like, I missed the real Black Fridays. Yeah. The real Black Fridays are gone. Really? Yeah. The, the, the, the true Black Fridays of sitting out all night and you open that door. And I, I two Black Fridays. I got into a fight. Okay. Yeah. I've gotten, so Black Friday was crazy for you guys. Oh yeah. Black like that. How would you prepare for that? Would you guys, like, did you, yeah. Like would you guys have to do any special training before Black Fridays? Or did you guys get up early that day and what was that like?


To be honest, a lot of us would do actual stretches, like for Black Friday. 'cause we knew we had an 18 hour day. Some of us who were smart enough ate right. Ate correctly, stretched out a little bit. 'cause we knew we were gonna fight. Especially if you're, if there was a target at a mall, like if there's a target set in the mall that Target was the worst place for Black Friday. Everyone's lined up, they're rushing through, they're punching you. They don't give a shit about nothing. But, but the, the OG Black Fridays, man, I, I miss those. Those were the fighting days over like something Oh. yeah. And Oh. yeah. And those were like, and those were the first like remnants of, you can't touch anybody.


You know, the OG Black Fridays were kind of like the start of, don't touch anybody, just let 'em fight over that fucking blender. That's only two bucks. Right. You know, and you let 'em go at it. Well it used to be you could buy like a coffee ma, they'd have like a coffee maker that can tell if your cousin's gay or not, you know. And he'd be like, well who cares? But yeah, we gotta get that. You know? And they would fight over it. Yeah. Or they'd have like a water purifier that can tell, that can guess. You're like, wait or whatever. It's just like, shit. That's like one lady, one lady one Black Friday got beat up outside because at the time I don't un they don don't think they understood the system of layaway. So like, the actual store didn't understand what they got themselves into.


Yeah. So this lady goes up and everyone's in fucking line for the electronics. Everyone's fought already. Now I've, I've lined everyone up, calmed everyone down. 'cause the electronic department in the store wasn't open yet. They were waiting two hours to put everything on sale. This lady goes and asks how many PlayStations or how many Ps fours do you have? And they're like, oh, we have a hundred And I. I remember hearing like, we have 120. She goes, I wanna put layaway on all 120. 'cause it was only like five bucks a layaway. So she's like, how many cameras do you have? Okay. And so she spent like, I don know, like two grand on layaway and bought out damn near everything that people were waiting in line for. So by the time, like even the second person, like, so I can't get a PlayStation.


They're like, no. As soon as they put it on layaway, they have to take that exact item and put it in the back. So it wasn't like they can reorder anything. It was like, whatever was out was out on sale. So this fucking lady put all this shit on layaway. She gets out and people down the line went and met her outside and asked her like, Hey, are you gonna sell this stuff? Like, is there any way we can get in it? And she's like, no. And start walking away. And they beat the shit outta her. And I shut the door and walked away. That's greed. Yeah. I I was like, you deserve that one. Yeah. Like, because she, she was one that she, she deserves it. You can't go on Christmas. You're telling me you are you? How old was a woman? Oh, she was in her forties. Good.


You're telling me Miss forties, you're gonna use 120 PlayStations? You're getting beat. You're getting the fucking beat up. You're getting beat up. And that's the kinda shit we need. Vigilantism. Here's a video right here. Black Friday Stampede. Oh, pink. We used to be Victoria Secrets. And this is white's hunting panties right here. Boy, there we go. A lot of fucking thong. Hell yeah. God, that thong in there, bro. Remember when the thong came out? Oh? yeah, bro. Google, when did the thong come out, bro? Because that changed everything bro. Everybody became a hoe. Right? Then when did the thong come out, bro?


The thong swimsuit. I'm talking about the thong panty bro. Pan. Like when, when did it come out in Walmart to make you feel uncomfortable? Because remember when, I remember there was a time when they were actually out like in the Walmart and you'd walk by and you'd feel, oh shit. Like I don't think I could walk by this aisle. 1990s. It said, Looks like they debuted in 74, but really caught on in the nineties. Let's go to, yeah, go get it. Okay. 74, go to there. The thong makes its official debut with Rudy Gurney. Etches invention of the thong swimsuit. Yep. 2002 and a year later, this style was being sold as underwear across America. That's in 74. In 1990s, thong underwear hits the mainstream.


That's what happened. Marketed widely as a practical undergarment to pair with slim fit jeans to best avoid visible panty lines. Yum. Yum. The 1995 Victoria Secrets Hold its first public runway show led by model Stephanie Seymour and Rebecca Ramadan igniting a consumer thong frenzy. Dude, 2002 over 120 million pairs of thong underwear were sold in the US alone. That's when I was at the mall. Really? Yeah, that was, those were the years I was at the, like those were the good days, man. Had a lot because I was 22. So you had all those, like, those young ass women coming outta college buying the fuck It was like five for 30 Oh.


Yeah, I would definitely, I would be, I would be in there. I bet it was a sniffer's dream. Was it Oh? yeah. Would you guys ever go in there and do some pervy shit? We wouldn't, but we would catch the people that were, you know, were there some lurkers in there? Oh? yeah. In Victoria's Secrets. Oh. yeah. What was that like? 'cause that was Victoria. Was that where the babes were at? Where were the babes at in the mall? Victoria's Secret. Okay. Victoria's Secret. We got a call one time about a pervy dude in Victoria's Secret. Oh. yeah. 'cause I guess they're allowed to try on the panties and they put a little panty, like whatever they do to put a little panty liner in to like block the, you know, the clam and the jam.


So I guess they, when they take the panties off, it's not like they go throw 'em in a washing machine, they just put 'em back on the rack. So I guess the guy caught onto where they were putting those panties and he would go by and just kind of Oh. yeah. These look good. Is that huff? Yeah. Get that good Whiffing. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Boy, make that fucking make you a wiener. Walk forward baby. I like that. Yeah. I, dude, I, yeah, I understand. I think it's, and would you guys have to go and talk to that guy? Yeah, unfortunately. Really? Yeah. Like how do you, what do you say there? I actually used my, my own words. I said, Hey man, what the fuck are you doing in here?


Sniffing underwear like that. And he is like, I'm not, I'm like, bro, you are in here sniffing panties. And I was like a fucking pervert. Why? And he's like, and he started walking away. And I said, Hey bro, don't come in here no more. Stop grabbing a handfuls of panties and sniffing 'em. We see you. Yeah. And he, and then he walks out And I. I swear he said this under his breath. He goes, I'm still gonna do it. Really? Yeah. I was like, oh, he's dedicated. Yeah. You gotta gotta respect that man. But he was definitely one of the only ones that I actually encountered. I've heard plenty of stories. Like there was, there was Victoria's Secret. Girls used to tell stories all the time about like, oh man, this guy used to do like a run by sniff. Or girls would like, if they would pull up their panties or they would hold panties in the air to look at 'em or something.


A guy would like drop his wallet or something, go, you know, a quick little sniff by. And he is like, yeah, we see a lot of that here. I'm like, why don't you say anything? Like, sometimes it's funny, sometimes it's really pervy. I'm like, it, it's all pervy. It's all pervy. But at the same time, I guess it could be funny if you just see somebody hit a knee and a sniff. Yeah. And what would they do is trying to sniff, sniff smell the woman the butt Oh. Yeah. Yeah. That'll get you. Sniffers are weird. Yeah, well it's, you know, humans are 40% animal or something and they do it, you know, so I don't think it's crazy. No, but it's, yeah, it's an art form. I don Dunno if it's an art form. That's crazy. But yeah, it's seems weird.


I think it, I I it should have been something back in the day that got frowned upon. Like, Hey, you can't be sniffing Sally's ads. It's like whatever man. Yeah. Have you ever had to protect like a mall Santa or anything like that? Yes. Or what's it like when the mall Santas come, gimme take me through some Christmas time, Lord. Okay, so the mall Santa situation is always a fun one because eight outta 10 times he's a drunk. Really? Oh. yeah. You get, you, you, you will honestly get a Santa guy that comes in there who dedicates his life to being Santa all year long who can't wait to go to the mall to do the Santa thing. And then you got guys like me who are like, fuck, I just need a job for like, the season. It's like seasonal job, you know? But I've had guys literally pull up drunk, you know, like, Hey, where do I go?


I'm like, who are you Santa? It's like, oh, come, come on over here. The Santa, the, the drunk Santas were always fun because they had the drugs. They, they had the weed and they were the funniest with the kids. 'cause they were the nicest. Yeah. The, the guys that actually did the Santa Fool year, they would get irritated through the first two hours. The drunk ones would be like, hell yeah, I'll get your Ferrari with anything you want. You know? Yeah. So I used to hang out with the, those, those Santas During the season. I'll get your mom a half pound of cock. You feel me? That's crazy. That's stupid actually, you know, I've actually heard of Santa hit on her, on her mom and Yeah.


Yeah. And he should, dude it's he, he said, I got a present for you to unwrap. Oh, Santa should get every, the first woman, the first guy any woman should want is Santa. Who's your husband. And you're like, you know, he plays for the Mets or whatever. I like bitch, my husband is Santa. We had Santa on the podcast. Show a clip of that guy. Let's just see, get a look at him. He was amazing, man. Oh, he's got the full look at him. He got a championship belt on. And every look at him, he is the world champion of Santa's. It was so cool to meet him. Dude. We were excited. How long was he, how long did he do it for? He was in the game I think 26 years.


He did mall Santa stuff. He was sanding, he'd done all types. Nice. He'd done it from everywhere across the globe. From Guana. Oh wow. Connecticut. Yeah. He'd done everywhere. And what was it like? Anybody ever any issues with mall Santas or anything like that? 1 1 1 Santa had to get fired his third day. And I think, 'cause he fought a parent. 'cause the kid asked for something and the parent was going like this, trying to tell the tell Santa. Like tell him no, tell him no. It's like Santa's not allowed to say no. You know what I mean? Well the kid was just asking for like toys, right. Like basic ass toys. But I guess the kid was a bad kid. And this was supposed to be a lesson to the kid, but the parent didn't let us in on the fucking, on the jam.


So the kid starts telling Santa like, Hey, you know, I want this toy, this toy, this toy. He's like, Oh, yeah, this, that. And she's like, no, tell him no. And like you could see him kind of like, okay. So he keeps going on. Then the dad walks up and he starts still telling his story or telling what toys he wants. And the Santa starts just eyeballing the dad. 'cause now the dad's like doing this. So the kid gets up and now the dad walks over and says, Hey man, we're telling you fucking no. And he is like, Hey, I, I don't know what you're telling me no to. He's just asking for toys. And the, the dad kind of just did like this little backhand do it. Like, he's like, shut up. Just, just kind of backhand him.


It literally a transformer. He went from Santa to whatever his name was. Manta. Because he stood up and literally at, as he stood up the beard, the hat and everything just kind of came off the whole top. He's like, what? And they just started fighting right there on the spot. He's like, he started Santa, started hitting him. Mm. I kind of stepped in the middle, pushed the mom back. 'cause the mom started clawing at us. And then the kids, like, he the kid literally standing there going, what did I, he, he yelled out, what did I, am I getting a bike? He said, I just wanna know. Fuck. You know. But he literally yelled out, what did I do wrong? And I'm like, oh man, you didn't like in my head I'm like, you didn't do nothing wrong. It's your fucking parents, you know? Yeah. But I, and later on, and the cops came, the parents were explaining that we're trying to teach him a lesson.


We brought him here 'cause he wanted to talk to Santa and all this shit. And I'm like, well you ended up getting your ass whooped. Yeah. So what's the lesson here? Yeah. You shouldn't, you can't attack Santa because he has ma 'cause he is the best. That's why. Yeah. And bro, you don't know who's under that Santa, you know? No, not at all. Let me ask you this, any when you hit on women during, at the mall? 'cause it's probably hard. Here's what I would guess would be tough. A woman shows up at the mall, she's attractive. You're, you feel attracted to her. But then how do you not just chase her? Like not chase her on the, but you know what I'm saying? Am mall is just, people are going in a certain direction. If you, you know, 'cause I as even, I remember when I was at Young and I'd be at the mall, you'd kind of be following the girl around the mall trying to like mall stalking.


Yeah. Mall stockings. Real, is that what it's called? Mall stocking. Mall stalking. And as a as A Mall Cop, you can definitely get away with it more than just being an average Joe. Yeah. You know, 'cause if you're like just following a girl in normal clothes, you're like, fuck's going on. But no, we, we used to mall stock back in our days. You know, girls would show up and it, it'd be nice too because like, it, it's kind of weird 'cause we had our own little groupies because they think we like, oh man, he's a security guard. He can get us backstage. Like to what? You know. Yeah. The best we can do is probably sneak you into the theater, you know? And that right there was money back in the day. Girls loved us for that. Really? Yeah, because it was, it was a kind of a scam. 'cause I would walk the girl up to the movie theater. And I would know half the people anyway.


But most of the time I'd walk up And I be like, Hey, she left her purse in the theater. I'm just gonna walk her in and make sure she gets out. And they're like, oh, okay Gus, you are all And. I'm like, so what movie would you like to see? Easy numbers man. Easy numbers. But yeah, mall cops actually had their own little groupies around. It was great. Ever get laid from a woman you met at the mall? Nah. Yeah. Really? Nah. No. I never pursued too much. Like I, I never pursued the The clientele. Yeah. Yeah. Just 'cause you never knew where that was gonna land And Oh. yeah, for sure. Sometimes you see like an attractive woman and they're just shopping at the wrong store and you're just like, Oh. Yeah. Good on that. You know, sometimes that just fucks everything up. Yeah.


Oh, so do mall cops have enemies? Do you guys have other mall cops? Really? Yeah. Other mall cops. So there would be beef on the force. Yeah. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. If you have, so say you have mall cops breaks my heart. Say you have mall cops that like they're on their day off and they come to your mall and they make it known that they're mall cops. Now there's just that beef and you see 'em walking around. 'cause sometimes they'll come and you're like, oh, we wouldn't do it like that. Oh, you guys do it. Like, oh well we do it like this. Like now we have beef. Yeah. Fuck your mall. Fuck your whole mall. Yeah. So there was mall beef. Yeah. Oh. yeah. Oh well Oh. yeah. Any, anything has beef, you know what I mean?


But mall caught beef was funny. Would you guys ever do like a volleyball team or anything that from your mall? Was there any like No. I did try to get a softball tournament going between the mall guys one time. I really, I'm not kidding. I really try to get, of course dude, I really try to get some softball shit going. Go out there, get drunk and if things lead to the ninth and we fight, we fight. You know what I mean? But yeah, I was trying to organize some things, trying to have some fun, you know? Yeah. You have to. Yeah, I think you have to. I remember at a Waffle house one night I'd been using or whatever, And I was in there. And I almost had a team to put together to fucking play another waffle house. Oh shit. Yeah. And then don don't know what happened after that. I think.


I think I might have fallen asleep or something. But it was just, yeah, people were, Hey, when you get him on board though, that's the best. Oh, that's when it's the best dude. What about ever have a lost, lost child situation there? Oh? yeah. Though. Ever had a kidnap child situation? No kidnapping situation? An attempted kidnapping happened on my day off. Wow. We all heard about it. I'm not gonna say it wasn't like a major thing to where like somebody got out and like snatched a kid. But I guess a lady was going around courting kids, so to say. Like, like if the parent would walk away, the lady, I guess the lady was walking up and just kind of like, oh, do you know my son? Have you met my son?


Oh, I think you go to school with him. He's over there. And. I. Guess she was just like listing random names and just a kid goes to elementary. It's like, you might hit one of the names. Oh, James is over there. And. I guess on the camera. One of the kids like looked up and said, oh, James. And went to walk towards and the mom was like, Hey, where are you going? And if the mom wouldn't have looked, I think that would've been it for the kid. But no, straight out like kidnapping, lost kids all day. Yeah. Out of a five week or out of a five day, like scheduled for the week. Four of those days, you're gonna deal with a lost kid. No way. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. What happens? What's the major cause of that? Well, parents just being like, just too into what they're doing.


Kids just running off, not paying. And like, I have a toddler, man, these kids are, they're just fast. You know what I mean? They're fast as fuck. And once they take off, that's it. You know? Like sometimes it's not the parent's fault. Sometimes it is the parent's fault. Like I can really back it up. Like it maybe not, but usually is. I've had kids on the opposite side of the mall where the parents were literally like inside like JC Penney's and this kid bolted through the whole mall. Damn. Made it in other stores, made it all the way down. And now he's just sitting at a toy store by himself. And that's the truth. He was literally sitting in a toy store and when I found him, he was sitting there playing with a toy. And I was like, Hey. And his name was Jacob. I was like, Hey, are you Jacob?


And he looked up, he goes, yeah, because he was like seven or eight. He was, you know, like he was old enough to know like, fuck my parents. Yeah, I'm gonna go to toy store. Yeah, I'm gonna do my own shit. Dad's not doing well or whatever. Nope. Wow. So that's gotta be kind of, is it scary or does it just get so repetitive that you're like, oh, this is probably the same thing, you know, still scary. No, to me it's scary because one, I'm a parent and so it always sinks in, like, don't wanna lose your kid. But then you always wanna slap him in the back of the fucking head. Like, dude, pay attention to your kid. Yeah. You know, so. Oh, a hundred percent. But you know the, the worst ones is during like the Black Friday, like the holiday seasons Oh. Yeah. Because it's not like one kid, it's multiple kids that are missing and it's like, they're not even missing.


It's just so crowded. You not paying attention. And do you have to do an intercom thing then, or no? Oh. yeah. Yeah. What do you do? What do you, what do you say there? You just getting over the line. If the parents of Jacob or there's a lost kid, he looks like this. And within, if you go over a PA system within a minute, you know, a lot of parents will start perking up. You know, like if, if you have a human heart, you start perking up and looking around, just kind of check your surroundings. And we usually get the call like, oh, he is over here playing with fucking toys. You know? And you're like, I'm gonna go get Jacob. Yeah. So the food court, what's going on there? Man? Food court's good. You missed it. Yeah. I missed the OG food courts. Like boroughs S pizza was so good.


Love it. It was good and horrible. But it was a lot of people's first taste of Italian. It was. Bring it up, bring up Zabars. Zabars was good, man. They had a lot of bread at it. That's what I don like about it. I feel like it was hella bready. I mean it's pizza, but still. Yeah. But God, yeah, a bar. You're right. Dude. What the fuck am I talking about? A zabar So damn good dude. So good. And also you didn't know at that age you, there wasn't, you didn't know what was good or wasn't. Get the second. No, no. Yeah. Get that one right there. That's the one I went to. God, it looks good. Right?


I can just smell Sbarros SROs dude. And I loved it too. Because you like, I love Sbarros. I love mal food. 'cause you don't have to wait long. It was just like, what do you need? What do you want? And then you just go down this little jail line and you're just like, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. Pay and you're out. And would you guys eat at the eat there every day? Usually? Pretty much. Yeah. Especially because once you get, like once you make friends with everybody, you're getting discounts and you're getting hooked up and because you're not telling on them. 'cause they're doing shit in the parking lot. Right. So, you know, yeah, we ate there a lot. It gained a lot of weight eating. Did you Oh? yeah. Especially when Rubio, we had a Rubio's popup at one of my malls. And I thought that was like, okay, I'm gonna start eating fresh and eating better. Fuck no tortillas all day.


It was great. Fuck yeah. Rubio's Rubio's in the mall's good. Yeah, Rubio's is pretty good, man. They took out a, they, they used to have a McDonald's in my mall. And. I know, it's, I know it's weird to say. It's kind of frowned on. It's like, why would you take out the McDonald's? And it's like, because everyone would go strictly to McDonald's. 'cause if you put a McDonald's in the mall, it's just like, you know, like MAs to a, a flame, you know? But doesn't that help? Because then at least the malls are around the fricking other stores. Yeah. But they just, I guess McDonald's just takes all the business from all the food court places, you know? Oh, I see. Because it, see, because kids, because it's food court. If you're with kids, it's always up to the kid where you're going, you know? Right. And they're like McDonald's, you know, it's like Right.


Kids will always say McDonald's. Fuck. Yeah. Especially if they have the playground. Yeah. And Ms. Fields, did they have that? Oh, Mrs. Fields. They had the cookie cakes. Remember those? Those are fucking good. My mom would always get those for us for our birthdays. Oh man, dude, bring that cookie. Yes. Yes. So those were speaking of Ms. Fields in my day. We actually used to get these cookies after they were closed. Because a lot of these places, they can't like sell the shit the next day or it's like goes bad or whatever. I've eaten probably a hundred of those fucking birthday cookies in my life. The big one? Yeah. Taking 'em home, cut 'em all up, hand out to friends and shit. Yeah. I've showed up to like friends' houses with fucking three or four of these cookies.


Like, is it your birthday? I'm like, Nope. Mrs. Fields was closing. You know, you fucking, you have two cakes to say Happy birthday Chad on 'em. You're like, who the fuck is Chad? Dude? Who gives a shit? But happy birthday. Chad. What mall store had the dumbest employees? Oh shit. Or what? Mall store was just like, what mall store was, whatever. It was just like, what are we even, what is it? FYI? Is that a store? F-Y-E-F-Y. EDVD Store. Oh. yeah. It was a weird thing, huh? It's like, what was that? It was, It was like the guy, It was like, makes sense. It was like all the fake sense. Yeah. It was like all the fake movie buffs worked there. Like all like It was like, it was just a weird store.


Like they had the weirdest employees there and no disrespect to 'em, but you guys were weird. It seems weird though, because it's like, like you wanted to work at Hot Topic, but you weren't cool enough to work at Hot Topic. You wanted to work at like the movie theater Music Trader theater or even the movie theater. And you weren't cool enough to be like, and this was like, all right, fuck it here, work at FYE. This is like the leftover shit. Yeah. But to be fair, FYE had a lot of good fines. Like you could find like the most random ass shit there. You know, like, what's that? Like a Scarface porn? You're like, hell yeah. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Let's respect the bull. What store had the hot chicks? Where? Where? Yeah. What store had chicks in it? Usually the Victoria's Secrets.


Abercrombie. When Abercrombie and Fitch came out, I didn't not go into that store for almost the first year. Like even like as an employee working at the mall and they would tell you to go do wellness checks on your stores. I would not go in Abercrombie and Fitch. Why? I didn't fit in the clothes. I just, it just one of those things, man. Oh. yeah. It was only for attractive people. Yeah. And I was not like models, like, yeah, it was for models, dude. So I did not walk in there. And the one time I did walk in, I was like, so this is where all the women are at. Gotcha. Gotcha. But Abercrombie and Fitch was just a little intimidating, you know? For myself it was, I was a Miller's outpost guy. Like I said, bet. Well, Abercrombie and Fitch too, dude.


They, and they'd have like naked children on horseback. Remember when they came out with all this photos and shit? I thought that was J Crew that did that. don don't know who It was. like J. Crew was one of those stores too. You're just like, am I a pedophile or am I a medium? You know? Like you just couldn't even, nothing made any sense in those places. Dude. That was, no, that was the weird part. Yeah. You felt weird Oh. yeah. Look it. Yeah. Straight. And they would have model and sometimes they would have live models standing out there like, come on in. No. Yeah, that was weird. I worked at one for a little while. I worked in the back though. Back with the sloths back there ringing the bell for whatever, you know, ringing the church bell or whatever.


It's lunchtime, y'all. Let's go get your six packs back in the steam room. Yeah. Oh fuck. They would let me out sometimes to wash people's six packs in the front. I had to oil 'em sometimes Oh, but with the spray, I didn't have to do the towel thing. It was like, you know, bet dude. Bet. What were the best things about being A? Mall. Cop. Oops. The, the leniency of not having like a boss hanging over your head sometimes, because with having the badge, you were able to go places and nobody would fucking question you. And flat out, I'm a pothead. So the best thing about being A, Mall, Cop, And, I. Think why I stayed there so long was, 'cause I had so many hiding places.


I had so many like resources for free food, people watching was great. You know, it was just like those small things. But the majority of it was just not having somebody breathing down your neck 24 7 because you were like your own boss. You know? A lot of mall cops are a lot of mall security. You'd only be like one or two guys, you know, four at the most. If It was like a busy mall, it's like one or two guys and the one guy that's walking around you in the platoon or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's just like, I'm just by myself, you know? And that's always good. It is just always good until somebody makes a call of a lost kid or some shit and you're like, ah, I gotta go. Would you ever be, would you be high? A lot of times, most of the time, and if, if any security guard, if any fucking security guard at a mall says that they weren't stoned or not stoned, or doesn't have a pin in their pocket, now you're not a real security guard.


Yeah. You're not Oh. yeah. Security stoned 24 7. I I will never hide that fact. But why it That had to be so scary. You get a call for a missing kid and then like a 30 seconds later you forget what you're looking for and you just buy a, a, an Annie's pretzel or whatever. Oh, shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, and the mom's like, if you found him, you're like, who? You know, like, I don't, I'll admit it. Okay. So I'll admit one time. Yeah. I, I was getting really high in the parking lot and a call comes over that a boyfriend had shown up to one, one of the stores, and the girl had already called the cops, already told the managers.


So we were aware of this boyfriend that was being abusive. So I get the call, Hey, Guss girl's boyfriend's back, this and that. Can you head towards the store? I, 100% was like confident that I was gonna make this call. I was like, yeah, no problem, no problem. I, I'm gonna be there right now. I'm on my way. I'm actually walking. But I was in the parking lot smoking. I put my radio down, I go back to my phone, I go back to the blunt, that's lit, And, I, start scrolling through my phone thinking, all right, lemme just hit this a couple more times and I'll get outta here. About 10 minutes later, a call comes, says, Hey, the police are coming now. The guy hit the girl.


And I'm like, oh shit. Oh fuck, I fucked up. So I'm putting it out. I'm fucking putting the sanitizer on, fucking clone and everything. Deodorant. And I'm fucking running towards a thing. And the first thing I do, Theo, I can't make this up. I looked around, nobody's watching. I take, I had these little scissors in my, I had this like little knife, but it had the scissors in it. I took the scissors, And I, cut my pants, And I took dirt, And I went like this. And I came up, limping like, where were you? I'm like, I fucking fell. And. I tripped. And I rolled my ankle. And I. I was calling you guys, but nobody was fucking answering me. And they're like, are you okay? I'm like, yeah, I'm fine. Totally lied that I rolled my ankle and fell because this girl got hit by her boyfriend.


Damn. Yeah. To this day, I'm sorry. No. To this day, I feel bad. Yeah. You should have been there. Should have been there. Should have ran to the thing. But I didn't think that was gonna happen. But then no, you didn't. That's not true. You were hot. You didn't fucking I, well, I guess you didn't think it was, yeah. You didn't think it was serious. I didn't think he was gonna go in and hit her. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. My bad. My bad. Because It was like, I, the stories where he was just coming up and yelling at her for like rent money or whatever the fuck he was asking. 'cause you asking for money, he kept asking for money. Yeah. But I didn't think he was gonna hit her. But the story went and he got, she got in his face and they started doing this and bumping each other and he had pushed her and like hit her or something. I was like, oh fuck, I would've been there for that.


Yeah. I would've so been there for that. But instead I was watching fucking videos. Can't win 'em all, man. Nah, you know, And I bet. There was a lot of ones that you won. Gus, Parsons Mall Cop, we appreciate you man. Thanks for keeping things secure and, and yeah man, thanks for spending your time with us today. Yeah, I appreciate everything you've done for me, man. I can't thank, I can't thank you guys enough, you know? Oh, yes. We blast man. Thank you so much. Now I'm just falling on the And I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of I can bones.