
This summer during the biggest sporting event of the year, peacock turns to two broadcasting legends for the Olympics. Coverage you can't find anywhere else. I think they mean Us. Oh, Did. With an incredible duo. Sure. To take home the Comedy Gold Olympic highlights with Kevin Hart and Keenan Thompson. New episodes Monday, Wednesday, and Friday only on Peacock.


I got a few tour Dates to tell you about. Wallingford Connecticut, Portland Maine, Bangor Maine, Monton Canada, Las, Vegas, Nevada will be back for the U-S-C-L-S-U Football weekend. Oklahoma City, Northern Little Rock, Springfield, Missouri, Kansas City, Missouri, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, LA Cross, Wisconsin, green Bay, Wisconsin, Moline, Illinois. You can get tickets for those at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Thank you so much for your support. Today's guest has been in comedy since birth, pretty much born into the Comedy Store.


He's a comedian. He is an actor. He is an entertainer. You know him from his famed movies, Encino Man and his podcast variety show on YouTube, the PMS podcast. You can see him live on tour throughout the rest of the year. I'm really thankful to spend time with him today, my friend, Mr. Pauly Shore. Sure. I'll sit. And I.


So you just hit, you just hit Tommy on Tommy Lee? Yeah, Dude, it's, Oh my God. He's wild, Huh? Oh my God, dude. I mean, the fact that he's still alive, those guys, dude. I mean, he's sober though. Yeah, but still, dude, did you party? I mean, he fucking dude, he fucking ran hard, bro. Yeah. Like, hard, like all those guys ran really hard. Did You? 'cause you probably saw a lot of those bands. You probably partied with a lot of those guys. Huh? Are we rolling? Yeah. Fuck. Did you party With a lot of my uncle? Yeah, sure. He's in Iowa. What's up, uncle? Gesture? What's up, bro? What's up? Gesture. Gesture. What's up? He is in Iowa.


He's a big fan dude. Big fan. He told me if you wear a hat, I wear a hat. Really? I'll, I'll rock hat. No, no. You said you're gonna wear the hat. We, it gotta, you know what's cool about this show? Because I was thinking about, thinking about, you're the Rat, right? Is that what, And you are the We The Weasel, bro. Oh, the Rat and the What? And The Weasel. What do you think? So do PI was gonna ask you this. Do p you know, I was coming here, And I. I've known you for a long time. I haven't sat down with you yet. You know, And I always say this to comedians that are doing really well. Like, I've been in the business my whole life. Like, I have, I mean, since I was little, little, little, I watched so many guys, you know, come up, come, I mean, Tony Hinchcliffe now, and different, different guys like yourself.


And I'm so, and I'm not just saying this to get on your dick or any of that shit. I'm really happy for you. And I've said that to you before. And I know how hard it is. Take it in. I know. It's hard to let love in, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to let love in, but it's coming from Pauly. Shore. I'm very happy for you, for real. Thank you. You know, I know how hard you've worked. I know hard how hard you've done this and how, and how it's just kind of taken off for you. So I, I see your Instagrams, And I. See all these people that you're playing in front, of'em, And. I'm very, very happy for you because it's fucking awesome. Thanks, man. I mean, it fucking, like, you know, you always, it's pretty cool. You always have something kind of supportive to say or inquire when I see you. Yeah. And so I want you to say, I, I wanna say I appreciate that, man. Yeah. And I. Appreciate you appreciating me.


All right. I appreciate you appreciating me. You Said go on. No, no, no. I, I know gesture. What's Up? I think we should, I think we should take our hats off now. Okay. Hats off. You know what I mean? Hats off. Get a little Yeah, because it's the Rat and the Weo, bro. Chinese, The hair looks good, man. Thank you. That's great. Actually, thank you. Thank you. I was with Gary Shanley's hairdresser. He's set it up for me. So that was That's good stuff, Dude. When you said, yeah, you have a tough time letting love in. That's true, huh? Yeah, very much so. Which is why I'm single. Which is why you're I'm sure you're single. Yeah. You know what I mean? 'cause, 'cause 'cause yeah, women like us, most women like us, because we've been on TV and movies, or they've seen us on our thing like, oh my God, I love bio.


Do And, I love the, the squirrely Rat, whatever you fucking shit is on the stage. The bad pigeon. Yeah. The bad pigeon. You know what I mean? But then after that, you're a human being and you're a person with a brain, a heart, a smile, all that shit. And at the end of the day, you don't know if they're liking you for, for the Rat. Let me see the Rat tail. Lemme see that. Throw that shit out in the back. Yeah. That fucking Rat shit. That's tight Ass shit. I'll pull this out on Easter sometimes. And I've actually, we did this, I'm thinking about get one like a half inch extension on this part. It's very Bon Jovi back in 1987. Dude, it's very, it's Very first song I ever listened to is Bonjovi. But for real, is it hard to let love in? Yeah. I don't, I don't think it's hard for me to notice who is appropriate for me to love, but I think it's hard for me to feel like it's just, somebody could sit there and tell you, man, I really love you.


And I'd be like, all right buddy, let's keep it. Let's keep it. Or a woman, it's hopefully it's a woman, woman, all woman. Let's keep it moving here. You know? It's just hard for me to like, I just, yeah. I also think that once our receptors Are Bad. Yeah. I think that once people get over the fact that you're who, you know, the celebrity and all that stuff, then you're stuck with you as a human. And then at the end of the day, like that's really what it's about. You know what I mean? Do you want to hang out? Do you wanna go get sushi? You wanna go fuck around? You know what I mean? Right. Well I think sometimes this is interesting Pauly, and I think it's like, well, sometimes I wonder if like, by getting some pop by, by creating a life or aiming for some level of popularity, if you're really trying to create an ambiance or create something between you and other people, that gives you a barrier.


You know what I'm saying? Does that make any sense? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Because they see the persona and they think that you're the persona. Like sometimes, like I was with this girl was like, like, I'll create it. So you never even have to know the real me. And maybe don don't even know the real me. Yeah. Because, but I'm gonna, but I, but, but, so I'm gonna make this. Yeah. And hopefully you'll like this. Yeah. Because, yeah, because what happened was is about three months ago I met this girl on the road. I think it was in Iowa with my uncle. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I met this girl and she loved Son-in-Law. This movie I did a long time ago. Oh. yeah. About son-in-Law. And she wouldn't have sex with me unless I put on my chaps And I put in my hair. 'cause I used to have long hair. So in order for me to have sex with her, guess what I had to do? Put it On? Put it on. Wow. Yeah. And then I had to go like, do all this shit like that.


And then when, once I orgasm, then I'd take the shit off And I left. I felt bad. I wound up at Waffle House by myself. Oh. At the end of the night crying with the fucking tear. Yeah. Oh. yeah. I think if you have to dress up to have sex, it's probably gonna get Yeah. I would cry after. I don't know if I don don't know if I can do this right now. Okay. I'm all right. Okay. I'm all right. Thank you. No, I'm here for you, man. Yeah. And I'm here to And. I'm happy to see you today. You know what? You know what? I saw Kid Rock on this right here. And. I. Have something to fucking say to you. Motherfucking kid. Rock. Tell him, dude, first of all, don't disrespect Theo Von the whole time you're wearing this and fucking this dude. You're wearing this and this.


What the fuck, bro? You come to LA you gotta show your pretty face. No, I'm just kidding. No, I like, I love Kid rock. Kid rock. What's up bro? Did You ever, where, where was the first time you met him? I Met, dude, that's a fucking hilarious story. For real, for real. Kid Rock. What's up? I haven't seen you since, probably. No, no. What a me. I used to go on tour. I used to go on tour with this guy and Oh, You don't even fucking know. Wali Belly. Belly remembers it, bro. No. I used to go on tour with this guy when he had his little, his little, the little the Dwarf, the the kid Oh. yeah. What was that guy named? Magic Baby? No, JJJ JC Oh. yeah. jc, Yeah. JC was, Yeah. Bring him up. Oh. yeah. Joe Also Uncle.


Uncle Cracker was his dj. Yeah. Is he still his dj? No. Uncle Cracker does perform with him sometimes. But Uncle Cracker is on tour right now, I think with Kenny Chesney actually. Yeah. So this is when I found Joie right there. So this is, and the C was for cancer, wasn't it? What happened to him? He just partied a lot. He was like in the mini me. He was partying with like mini me and like, you know that whole Yeah. This is like an, yeah, they called him. I don't know what Andy aka people, he called him. 'cause he would do like a lot of pills. Yeah. So, so what happened? So the first time I met JC and Kid Rock and all this, this, this stuff, it was fucking crazy. Have your guy pull up Conan O'Brien, limp Bizkit. I think it was late nineties.


Pauly Shore Kid Rock and fucking Limp Bizkit. Conan O'Brien. So I'm with Fred 'cause this is when Fred started on MTV. I had been on MTV for a long time. I was kind of sad. I was going through this kind of transition parts kinda when I did my movie. Pauly Shore is dead. I know that Tommy Lee was on here recently, who was in Pauly. Shore is dead. I've known Tommy for a long time. And we went to Conan O'Brien and Fred was performing, I think it was Faith, you know, he was the, the George Michael song Faith off of one of his albums. And me and Kid Rock went with Fred. And we're in the fucking background on Conan O'Brien. Do you have it? Bring it up. I know it's there. I know. It's fucking there. It's there somewhere. There it is.


Look at it. This is fucking triple, triple. Look at this. Wow. Turn it up, dude. Can we hear it? Yeah. Crank it. Crank this motherfucker dude. Pauly Shore. Let's hear it for Limp Biscuit. Yeah. Look at this shit. Look at there's, wait. And look at Kid Rock in the corner. Wait In the red jacket. Oh? yeah. There he is. In the red jacket. Yeah. Fred, what's up Fred? What's up motherfucker? Fred out there killing it on the road right now. And. I. Guess it would be nice. Oh, Look how young he is At your Body. Everybody. Everybody like you. And, I. Gotta think of twice before I get out.


Way. So this is where I first met Kid Rock at Him isnt in the background. I think I'm wearing the hood. I think. Yeah. That's me in the hood. I think. Oh. yeah. See? Boom. That's Him. That's why Kid Rock's my fucking boy. What's up kid? Rock. Triple. Triple, quadruple og. I'll see you on Lake Michigan. We'll drink some fucking beers. Gang, bro. Yeah. Yeah. So that was pretty cool. I'll see you up there in Charlevoix, baby. That's where they party. Have you been up there? Yeah, I've been to, I was in Lake Michigan for this last 4th of July. Yeah. I was in Pent Water. Is it nice? Pent water was beautiful. Yeah. Because I was, I was born and raised in LA around the store and you know Oh. yeah. You know, right there in West Hollywood and shit.


My whole life. And, and this, it was, it was this, this this last 4th of July. I'm like, I don't want to be in Vegas. I don't want be in fucking Malibu. I don't wanna do, I want to go to the Middle America. I wanna see people with Trump flags. Yeah. You know what I mean? And. I want to go out there on the fucking on Lake Michigan. So I got a You don't Wanna piss on a big girl's back out there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying, dude. Yeah. And I got an Airbnb right on the water with my friend, my friends and And I played a club there, A small little bar. It was fucking sick. And we were in Pent Water Michigan. Dude. That's cool. And I was looking for Kid Rock. It was cool. Have you ever been to Lake Michigan? I don't think I have. I would. I would definitely go. It's to Hope, dude. Next summer I'm gonna go.


It's huge. It's huge. We just do it next summer. Yeah. I would love to. Fucking 4th of July do A show up there somewhere. It's awesome. Dude. Did you do the show on the fourth or no, no, No. I took the fourth off. Yeah. I just watched Fireworks, but I did like five nights there and it was, it was great. Did you get out on the water? I went in the water. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. It was cool. When, When you were a kid, like, I mean, you famously, you grew up around the Comedy Store. Your mother was the owner and your father was the owner. And your family still owns it. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And did you guys ever go on family vacations? Well, my dad, Sammy Shore, the late great Sammy Shore, give it up from my father. Let's put a picture of my dad, Sammy Shore, make A picture of him up. And I'll say this, I wanna say this about him.


Before we even Sammy, I got to meet him. Oh. And we would talk sometimes about, this was interesting. He wanted to make like a show about dogs, right? Yes. And so he, he would call every now and then and we would talk about this show about dogs. Yeah. And his neighbor's dogs and his friend's dogs. And it was, that was my only, It was called Funny Bones. I don't know. Yeah. Funny Bones. Yeah. He did it. He wound up doing it. Did he really? Yeah, he did. He did some episodes. Yeah. Oh. Because it was just a, it was just interesting. That was the only way that I knew him. Mm. He was, he was, you know, I love my mom. My mom was the best. Not only was she a great, you know, developing the comedians and, and artistic and all that stuff, but as a mom, she was fucking Sure.


Real. Yeah. But she was a real mom. Was she really? Yeah, dude. She took care of me. She was not like, weird or like, just 'cause she was busy at the Comedy Store. She went there for my birthdays and all that stuff. You know, she did the whole thing. We had slip and slides, we had trampolines in the back. I had a moped. All that shit. Did she Like being a mom, you think? Yeah, she was cool. She was a na natural. She was a natural mom. But my father, you know, he started the store. You know, he started there. It is Funny Bones. Yeah. But he started the store. 'cause he needed a place to work out at standup, kinda like Joe at the mother ship. You know, Joe was like, he's like, I need a place to work out. I go out to the mothership. And I have a club. So that was kind of his vibe.


Do you see that when you go to the mothership now? Yeah. Do you, have you, do you feel some of that same energy almost? In a weird way? Yeah. I definitely feel, I definitely feel my mom there. I feel my parents there. Yeah. For sure. You know, it's great. I mean, he's got Bar Mitzvahs and all that stuff. And Joe's, you know, it's weird when I see the guy start crying, I always fucking cry when I see him. There's like an emotional connection that I have with him. Hmm. It's fucking weird. You know, I just, it's funny You say that, that happens to me sometimes when I'm talking with Joey Diaz. Sometimes that happens with me. It's like, it just like, don don't know. I'll think some things about his life or something, and I'll don don't know what it is, but my, my e my eyes will well up, you know? Yeah. And Joey Diaz is Yeah. All those guys. And Holzman's doing great.


Yeah. Holzman's doing great. And I tell, I tell him, I'm like, don't leave the mothership. You know, just stay at the fucking mothership. You're funny. You're gonna hit, because, you know, he wants to make it like Dave Lucas and fucking, and, and, and Cam and Montgomery and all these guys that are, you know, that were all the Guys. Kill Tony on. On Tony. Yeah. And I'm like, dude, just hang in there. You're fucking great. And now he's starting to sell tickets. So if, if there's anyone out there that wants to see a crazy motherfucking comedian, Brian Holtzman is fucking awesome from the mothership. And we love him so much. Yeah. One of a kind. Dude, Brian would get up. This is one of my favorite Brian Holtzman stories. So when Jeff Piano, Jeff died of Covid or HIV, right?


Mm. He could take your pic. He might've died of H-I-V-O-V-I-D. Right. I mean, he had something, he had, you know, and if you don't know him, Jeff Scott, bring up a picture of him. Mm. A beautiful man. And he got HIV and Connecticut a long time ago. Mm. Prince Princetown. Princetown. Yeah. It was like a hot gay district. He told me about it. And, and Yeah, he always took a whole bunch of pills And Yeah. He was always partying and just, you know, he was always, you know, two ball. Well, no, I wasn't saying party pills, like HIV pills. Oh, he was, I was always, yeah. He always had like a fist full of HIV pills. Okay. Well, I think, think so. No pills. Like, you know what I mean?


That make him feel better. Right. Well, I think that, that, that, that are supposed to support aids, you know, the kind that Magic Johnson has, I'm sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Those type of pills, those Laker snacks, they call 'em now. I Right. Because I think that Lakers sponsor them, I think should put our hats on. Okay. You know what I mean? We can't mix it up. Oh. yeah, sure. Because we got Gary Shanley here. Yeah. It's that set time of day. Okay. But he would also, in between taking Pills, wasn't say, 1986. I was diagnosed with HIVI Was Diagnos h and Cole told you, you have two years to live. Here's a pamphlet with some information. Good luck. Yeah. And he, yeah, he, he lived forever. Yeah. And now, yeah. And this was, you had to take 20 pills a day. He said, right there. Now he also was doing cocaine. Right. So part-time or whatever.


Semi part-time. But anyway, bless him. No judgment. None of this is judgment. But, so they had a call during Covid where it was a funeral. It was his funeral over Zoom. It was a Zoom Zoom mural Right. Or whatever they called him. And so we're on there and people are crying. And you know, Whitney was like wearing a kimon and wandering around her mansion or whatever, you know. And like, just, there was 75 people on there. And his Jeff's sister was on there. And she would speak. And every now and then, Brian Holtzman. Oh, That's fucking H Lyric would chime in and go. He had AIDS people. Right, right, right. He had aids. Right.


And people are, everybody would die laughing, bro. Yeah. He was the Harvey Milk of our time. Just Holton would just throw in these, like, it was a pure comedy set. And it was just one of like, it was a, it was that thing where it's like, laugh at the pain, you know? And it was just unprecedented. But yeah, it's great to see him thriving over there. His style. Yeah. His style is, you know, it's, it's an acquired taste. Oh. It's, you know, it's an acquired taste. You know, he does a lot of these videos where he'll, he'll film people leaving his show. Yeah. Have you seen that? It's fucking hilarious. 'cause there's a lot of people that leave his show Oh. yeah. You know what I mean? They get pissed off.


So they film it and they're like, people are like, that guy's fucking disgusting. I'm gonna call the client call pull one up, pull one of those videos up. Where, where Holzman, where Holzman just clears a room. He clears a room, dude. Like he had A, like, I mean, the guy's, Jeff's sister was crying and he put that In, turn it up. What's that? What did he say? Look, what did he say? He's pretty, he's pretty. He's you, you want you, he, he's what? Too much? He, That guy Houston souther.


Like, he's self, like, he's too much. What the fuck are you talking about? You can't with the 40 ish group. Yeah. You can't. My fucking teacher. That is not for me. No, thank you. Fuck you. Fuck him. My family will pay our bill. Don't worry. Someone has to represent a generation. It's not you. Fuck him. And. I don't One's paying the bills. Now You guys gotta go see him. Okay. There you go. I mean, he's basically, he, he walks a lot of people. Hold on. Let's see. Five minutes later. Look what happened? This guy fucking talking about fucking, oh, fuck that.


No, seriously, what did he sit? No, honestly, you're fucking guy. Oh fuck. Did you guys pay for that bill? No. Fuck that shit. Gimme My fucking money. You motherfucker. Wow. Yeah. That's classic. I didn't know they did this. They have to keep doing more of this. Yeah. But anyways, but it's a good time for comedy, man. It's, it's fucking crazy, dude. It's crazy. 'cause when I was growing up, you know, you know, it was five guys that were selling out the rooms that you guys sell out. Is that true? Yeah, that's true. You had dice, you had Eddie Murphy, like three or four other guys. Who, and now there's a lot of fucking guys. Like the rooms you play, it's insane. Oh. yeah. It's crazy now. It's fucking insane. What's like, I can't even believe it.


What? Like, I mean, you must be pinching yourself. Oh, you walk out on the stage, it's like fucking, what? 20,000 people? Oh no, no. 10,000 people. And you go, Ari Manus, how the fuck? Right. I'm grateful to have him around. Ari's, this guy, he always speaks very highly of you. Oh, cool. Always. Yes. Yes. We've, I've taken him out, out on the road. The thing is with you, And. I. 'cause we're similar in a way. Like, we go out on the road, we bring these guys and you know, and, and we know. And you know, I know. And everyone else knows. The reason why people are paying for the tickets is for us. But at the end of the day, you gotta take care of your guys. And you also, they're there not just to open the show. They're there to hang out for you emotionally. Yeah. And that's more important. So you gotta give 'em a little extra shekels for that.


That's a good point, man. You know what I'm saying? And that's what I do. And I. I pay for everything. And, I, you know, you know, I take care, I take care of my guys because, you know, at the end of the day, we're lonely guys. Me and you. I mean, let's be honest. You know? And if they weren't there, you'd have some local opening for you and then you wouldn't be able to be with your homie. Yeah. You know, And I think. Well, it's definitely true. Yeah. And yeah, you kind of factor it in. It's like, you think like, okay, I want to just, yeah. Your openers almost become who, Who do I emotional support them all? Yeah. Who do I like being around? Who likes being around me? Who can we both be around each other? Hang. It's all about the hang. Yeah. You know, like just sitting before you go on and you feel like you, those are your real friends. Yeah. And I think that's more important than then. Obviously you're giving 'em stage time and they're making some money.


But at the end of the day, we're fucking, we're broken wings, dude. You know, we're fucked up. Dude. If Your mom was pretty attentive and she was really kind of there, what do you think kind of made you that made turned you into that comedian you think? For me, I just, I don't know. I mean, I've always loved making people laugh. You know what I mean? Ever since I was a kid, I mean, it started with Richard Pryor and Robin Williams and all those guys. Because back in the day, I talk about this on my one man show. I have a one man show that your dude told me he saw. It's called Stick With. The Dancing. It's about my childhood. And, and And I. It's everything before I made it. It's all the shit that I happened before I made it Oh. yeah. It's all my childhood shit. But, but when I was a kid, you know, my mom used to have a lot of parties at the house, so she would always be like, let's go back to the fucking house from the store.


You know what I mean? Yeah. And everyone would go to the house, the Doheny house where, you know, where I grew up in and, you know, And I. It would be like a Tuesday night and I'd be trying to sleep and I'd hear the party going downstairs. And I had to wake up for school in the morning. 'cause my mom's my mom's guardian, who was a TA Thai lady by the name of suny. And the bar manager name was Ted. And he worked the, the club and SUNY would have to take me to school. And I had to wake up in the morning, but they'd be parting downstairs. Yeah. So I had to go downstairs and, and I'd have to tell my mom to shut up. I mean, but for real, because my mom was from Wisconsin. And her voice would go, ah, and it would peer through the fucking laughter and there would be Richard Pryor and there would be Robin and fucking Argus and Richard Belzer and, and Tim Thomason and, and Biff Maynard and all these fucking guys.


It was wild, dude. Like, my shit, like, when I like the fact that I'm still around and I'm okay. Is fucking weird. Yeah. You know what I mean? Oh, I can't imagine. It's fucking weird because I've seen so much. Do you feel like you had, you felt like you had to compete to be like you? Oh, well, the, in order to be even seen, I have to be funny because that's the environment No. Was around. No, because when I told them to shut up, I had school in the morning, everyone laughed. Yeah. So It was like, that's of course, dude. Yeah. They would just laugh. So It was like, I was, I was, you know, I guess I was funny without knowing. I was funny. Ah, when I was, you know, when I was just, just a kid. But I always liked making people laugh. Like, I always fucked around. And that's what totally Polly was. Yeah. I mean, totally. Polly was like this na like this kind of like happy accident.


You know, the thing on MTV, it was just like this fucking, This storm. Yeah. How many episodes did you guys do over it? We Shot six years, dude. Six years. Every day from three to four 30. Jesus. That's what I was telling you when you came up to my house. I'm like, dude, you're like, I was back when I first made it. 'cause you're like this. People are like, ah, on you. And that's how it was for me. But I was in my twenties. Yeah. How old are You? I'm 44. Yeah. So imagine it when you're in twenties. I Can't, I would not be alive. Yeah. I'd be deceased. So I'd be deceased. But at least then the cocaine was safe to do. Yeah. 'cause you did a lot of that. I Did some of it. Not a lot though. I did ano. Yeah. I did a little more than I said. I just said I did. Yeah, I did. Yeah. I've had, yeah, I did it.


Yeah. Because yeah, I did it because You have, you have mental stuff too, right? Well, I mean, are you better now than you were? Fuck Yeah. Some stuff's better, but I think, what do I, I mean, yeah. I don't know. I'd like, you know what I liked about Con? I think I just didn't trust the fucking world. Right. There's just something about the world I didn't trust. I didn't trust it out of the gate. You trust me, Don? Don't know. We'll see. Okay. I didn't trust the world out of the gate. Mm. But there was something about a joke, right? Mm. That you couldn't part. If I got you to le if you laughed, It was like, yeah, I think we should take our hats off. Okay. I'd Love to. Okay.


I think it's a great idea. Yeah. Do You have glasses? Yeah, I Do. Let's put some glasses on. I think that glasses, don't you think it makes sense? Glasses. Will you Bring my glasses That are in there? You mind? We're trying to, in the front Of my book bag or lenses list. Yeah. We're trying to do a theme thing here. Okay. Like the, you know, like the Belushi, you know, like, what is it? Oh, Like Blue Bon Or whatever. Yeah, no, like Blues Brothers. Blues Brothers. That makes sense, right? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Okay, so go on back into the laughter. There's the brothers. So, but there's something about laughter, man. Like, it was just fa It was like, magic. It was like, how do I do magic from over here? Mm. Like, make you feel a certain way. But don don't need to go over there. I just, it's like, what do you do? And laughter was that if you could get somebody, you'd say something and they went from whatever their state was and they laughed.


I was like, oh, that's real. That's, that's Authentic. That's Authentic. I can rely That is, they couldn't have faked that. You, you can tell if they do. Yes. Ex. Yeah, exactly. So you're from the Bayou though, right? So It's something like, yeah, I'm from Down. So you're ba this is good dude. This is like a theme thing. What? Oh, wow. Oh, wow. So you don't have shades on there. Yeah. The shades are, we can edit 'em in. They're clear. Oh, you edit 'em in. Oh, that's sick. Fucking. So this is Jackie Oas Take your old records off, off the shelves. Okay. So, All right. So that was something that was fascinating to me. Dude, I wanna know this. Who came by the store, right?


Mm. Who came by the store. Pauley over the ye Like, I mean, what about when Jim Carrey came? Were you guys just like, what? Like who came? And it was just something so novel. Did you ever, you ever, you ever see, you ever see a, a popcorn machine, a put popcorn out, you know, where pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. That was like the store back in the, you know, in the seventies, eighties and nineties. Yeah. It felt like that. You know, my mom was the center. She was the center colonel. Yeah. You know what I mean? So Yeah. So boom, you got, you got Jim Carrey, boom, you got dice, boom, you got fucking, you know, Arsenio boom. You got Roseanne, boom, you got, you know, Eddie Murphy.


Boom, you got Richard. Boom, you got Robin. Boom. It was just like, boom, boom. But everyone was doing drugs and everyone was drinking and it was just like normal. Yeah. You know, and Sam Kennison was the man, it Was part of society. It Was, it was very common. That's why when Tommy Lee was here, you know, he was here, I guess earlier, whatever. He was part of that whole thing. 'cause him and Sam Kenon were very close. They were, yeah. Very close. Fuck. Wish I'd Have known it. Yeah. And then also Vince Neil, who I talked to about a month ago, he lives in Nashville. Yeah. Do you know that? Because you live in Nashville Too? I see him sometimes. Yeah. And he Says he's got a huge, he, he's the only one that's still not sober. Like everyone else is sober. Yeah. And Vince is like, no, fuck that. I'm like, cool.


I'm hanging out with you. And. I that show. Yeah. Dude. Vince is fucking wild, bro. Yeah. There you Go. Oh, that's so cool. What about the story with Kennison and Lebo? Did you know about all that? Oh, Very much so. Yeah. That's a wild story. Take me through some of that story. Huh? Okay, so basically there was a comedian for you, young TikToks out there that are obsessed with my friend Theo Vaughn. Just so you know, Vaughn is from, it's a French arti articulation that comes from the south of France in an island called Ndii. So just look that up. That's where his last name is. theovon Von Yon. Yeah. And my family originally is from Mogadishu, actually.


Yes. Mogadishu. Which is in the Swiss Alps. Yep. Swiss Alps high As you can go up there. Yeah. So it's just up, up, up, up, up. That's where his mom popped you out. Come On up. That's what mom would say. Yep. Come on up and take a month. Yep. So just to, to, to do the sm the quick version. There's a comedian named Sam Kenon. He was on fire. His best friend name was named Carl Lebo. Think about Amir Kay. You know, and you guys are doing drugs and getting fucked up and blah, blah, blah. And Amir Kay Amir Kay is, is married. And Amir Kay has a wife. And you fuck his wife.


And then you get her pregnant, and then you die. And then Amir Kay has your baby. And then Amir Kay winds up having to pay for your baby rest and Thinks it's his baby. His whole life. No, because it looks like fucking you. But he, they never got a blood test, I don't think until later. Right? Until kinda later. Yeah. So for fif 16 years, I think 18 years. Like he had to, you know, Carl, Carl was paying for the baby. Carl Was like, Carl was Paying, supporting the child and thinking it was his daughter. Yeah. But it was, it was fucked up. And And I still haven't met the kid. Wow. And I really wanna meet the kid. So That'd be pretty fascinating.


Wish we Should get her on this fucking show. I Fucking wouldn that be sick. Oh, we could zoom right now with her. How sick would that be? Sam? Sam, Ken ands. She's like WhatsApp. Yeah. She just, oh. Oh.


You know, being an adult has its high points. I'll say that. You can eat ice cream for dinner. You can sit in your car and have you a dang waffle in there if you want. Eat it with your hands. God, that's nice. But it's not all fun. You also have to do your taxes and figure out what's for dinner and, and you have to make doctor's appointments. But for that, there's Zocdoc, the healthcare app that makes adulting that much easier. That's right. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. Finally. There's a way to do that easily. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than a hundred thousand healthcare providers across every specialty, from mental health to dental health, eye care, to skincare, and much more. Plus, Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. You know, I hate looking for doctors the old way. It's confusing. You got three windows open on your computer and Zocdoc. That's the way I'm doing it. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to Zocdoc dot com slash theo to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's ZOC do c.com/t HEO Zocdoc dot com slash theo.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? That's a good question. It's a real question. It has in mind. It has at certain periods in my life, watching porno and everything and watching porno was making me, it was ruining my life. It was ruining my life, man. It made me feel just so much shame. That's what it did. Well, I'm watching pornography has become commonplace today. And oftentimes men will use porno to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety, and depression. That's all I want to introduce you to my friend Steven Walt. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery. He is a dear friend of mine. He is a dear friend of mine. And Valor Recovery is a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. That's right. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and they will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend problematic behaviors. There is zero commitment if you reach out to them. It's just the first step in trying to figure out if you may need some help, if you can get some help To, learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at Valor Recovery coaching.com. or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. The links will be on the YouTube. And again, there's no commit when you commitment, when you reach out to them. But I promise you, only something positive will come from you reaching out and figuring out if, if what type of help, if any, could benefit you. Thank you.


But yeah, so yeah, That was, that was wild. And Carl got a fucking Carl. Carl got the, he He had a tough one. He had a tough run. Yeah. I gotta put my glasses back on. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. But Carl, Carl had a tough run and he was genius. He was a great, Carl was great. I, I would see him down in Texas, down at Randy Butler's clubs down there. And. I would see him perform down there sometimes and cross paths with him. Nice guy. Yeah. People loved him. Yeah, he was, he was. He was special. There was another guy named Mitchell Walters who also died. You know Carl died, right? Yeah. Yeah. And Mitchell Walters died too. He was fucking hilarious. He had the fucking funniest 12 minutes of material. Really? Bring him up. This guy was fucking hilarious.


Wow. We did, we did shows in Vegas. This was in the late eighties. And, and we were at the Dunes Hotel and it was the out Sam Kennison and the Outlaws of Comedy Mitchell. What was his, Mitchell Walters? Yeah. this guy. Oh Wow. Beautiful. Huh? He was fucking hilarious. Trans or no, No, he wasn't Trans Indiana. No, don don't know what he was, but he was fucking hilarious. Oh, see, there's a picture with him and Sam and Billy Idol on the left up there. Yeah, there you go. Oh wow. So before one of the shows at The Dunes, this was the late eighties, this is when Sam Kennison was getting sued by United Artists for not showing up on his movie set A took.


So Mitchell Walters comes up to me before the show. And I said, Mitchell, we're gonna hang out after the show. Right? And he goes, yeah, absolutely. Me And you were gonna party package, package party. And then when the show started, and then the show finished, And I went to go hang out with him. And I'm like, yo, let's fucking, he's like, get the fuck away from me. Golden boy. I don't go, go hang out with your fucking mother. I don't have time for this shit. Because what bef in between the show, he went out and did Coke and he fucking gamble and he lost everything. Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah. So, damn. Yeah, he was That one show. Lost it all. Yeah, He lost a Lot. And how did he pass away? I think he had some type of, some type of internal, like, you know, I don't want to say it was cancer or something like that, but he wasn't, he wasn't too healthy.


Yeah. Damn bro. Yeah. So, but he was, he was a really funny, funny cat as well though. You know, It's a, it's kind of a dangerous, it's a dice roll doing comedy because you're really, you're at a, 'cause comedy club is just a bar attached to a stage. That's all it is. Mm. It's a bar. So it's like you have Access to everything. Yeah. And you have access to everything. And you perform at night. So you're at work at night, people have just gotten out of a crowd. They're on a high, you're on a high. It's like, yeah. It's like you're just, there's so much temptation that's right there. So much possibility for to get in trouble. So how's, So how's it gone for you now? How are you feeling these days? I feel okay. I think I feel like a lot of responsibility sometimes. You know, so that's, it's not as much fun sometimes, I guess.


'cause you have a little, you feel like you have more responsibility, but, but then sometimes I gotta remember, Hey man, just take it easy. Just do your best. Be yourself. Try your best. And just try to be honest about, you know, whenever you can about what's going on. You know? So some of that's been pretty interesting. I think just the, the boom we're having in comedy has been really, that's been a real blessing because I think the news kind of shot itself in the dick over the past five years or something. Kind of like, nobody knows what's news or what's real anymore. So everything's such a joke anyway, that I think people are like, well, at least I know these are jokes. Yeah. And then what do you think about like, doing something on stage or doing something or this or whatever.


And then people comment on this as opposed to the old days where you just do a TV show and no one would comment. Right. Except for they would just come up to you at like a, you know, a diner and say, oh, I saw you on married with children or some shit. Yeah. But like, this is instant. Do you read the comments? Sometimes I'll look at some of them. Sometimes my, the producers will send me something to watch. Yeah. I, you know, it's good luck. It's like, do you want open a box that's, that's something can hurt your feelings? I don't know. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's kind of some of the dangerous part. Yeah. Now if it's something super funny, a lot of times they'll make sure that I see it, you know? Yeah. And sometimes if somebody makes funny. Really good. What do You think about what happened to Jack Black and his partner recently? He's, He's not His partner, you know? Well, no, because he said something. Is He homosexual?


The what? He's homosexual. No, don don't. No, no, no. What happened was, I think they said something about Donald Trump. Oh, I didn't even see that. Oh, with Tristan d or whatever the guy's name is. I don Snake d or Whatever. No, the, his partner said something Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. He said, I wish I wouldn't have missed him. Yeah. I think that's fucking kind of classless, I think. Yeah. I wouldn't say that about A pr a president. No. No. Did you? But isn't it wild that like you can ad lib something like that and then it's a wrap for a while. Yeah. It's crazy. Right? And yes, it was terrible. You know, that he said that. And that's, you don't, you don't say that. And you don't even joke about that. But I mean, look, but also it's like, that's how he feels.


I just think it's a kind of a, and it had just ha like, yeah. It's just kind of, people don't want that. People are confused enough. So what do you think about Kamala these days? This is pretty, it's, are you's gonna be? No, but Kamala Kamala's, not even she. It's like, I know, but the whole thing's gonna be like a great, it's gonna be political theater, I think. Oh, it Is. I mean, it's gonna be like, I Mean, it's all it is now. Yes. I think politics is just Political theater. It's a shell or it's a, a shell company for the big business. It's a fucking, it's like a puppets. It's a puppet theater it seems like to me. Yeah. Well I think I don don't know if Kamala doesn't have it to win. I don't think that, don don't think anyone is gonna be Trump, to be honest.


I like, I think Bobby Kennedy, I feel like has a lot of great points to talk about and stuff. I think he's very fascinating. I think he, you know, you believe that he wants to get in there and do something different. Why is it so many people don't wanna run for president? Like the Rock, for instance. People have talked about the rock. Like, he's gorgeous. He's big, he's handsome. He's a huge, huge star. Like, you know, like I think Trump fans and then also the liberal, liberal audience would fucking go, oh my God, that's fucking the rock. That's Our guy. Yeah. Because, 'cause obviously like, I mean, would you ever run for anything like that? Like think about it for a second. Like not, not right now. Yeah. But I'm like, you know, you're 44, you said 44.


I'm 44. 44. So look about when you're 54. Yeah. You know what I mean? After you kind of like wanted to chill. Like, would you ever get into politics? Maybe I would run for a VP or something. If they let you So you'd be a vice president. Be cool If vice president, you get to stand in the back and be like this. Right. That'd be cool. Vice president, you just get to fucking chill, bro. Have you ever been to the White House? Sure. They want a thug. You just get to fucking, they're like, what does the vice president say? Does nothing. Just gets to say some crazy shit, bro. Yeah. And you know what I'm saying? He gets to say, Hey Chyna, we bout this shit, bro. Right. And then it just goes viral and then you're fucking having a blast, dude. Yeah. And you can party with chicks or whatever. Your wife can be fucking cool. Your kids can be on the front lawn fucking juggling or fucking smoking behind the statues or whatever.


I think it would be, that part would be pretty fun. And there's no pressure. Everybody knows the vice presidents of who gives a fucking anyway. It's like, but now let anybody be the vice president. Yeah. But now she's, she. 'cause Joe Biden, timbered. Yeah. Timbered, you know what I mean? Tapped Out. And that pissed me off. Joe should have fucking hung in there, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Until he fell really hard. You know what they should have done, here's what they should have done with him because he didn't wanna bail. You know what I mean? He didn't want to bail. No. They told him so long he was the president. He finally, when they said, no, no, you're not the president. He is like, I'm the president. He believed it. No. What they should have done is they should have told him that, that Mr. President, there's mold in the White House. We need to move you to a hotel.


Ooh. Move him to a hotel for three, four days. Then take all his pictures and all the different things that are in the White House and put 'em in another White House. And then move them back into that and say, this is your place. He won't know that it's not his place. And then just say you're the president. But he just like, plug in other TVs and shit. He's like, don't I have anything to do today? Like, no, you're good. Yeah. They're like, no, your dog, just bit somebody now eat some ice cream. But I felt, I felt bad because he was, you know, he was Being puppeted, it felt like. Yeah. But he was also, I, I've been around like my mom, for instance, my mom wasn't, well, you know, towards, towards, you know, the last good 10 years. She was, you know, Have some dementia. Yes. She had that whole thing. So I was, that was affecting me watching Joe or reminding me of my mom.


Same. And your grandparents or people's watching grandparents. It's not fucking funny. Oh. If you did That to, you know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, my father was, my father was 70 when I was born. So he was an old man. Oh shit. So I can totally relate to the sense of like, it felt like somebody's being taken advantage of a little bit. Yeah. That's what, and that really, I don't care what side of the things you're on, but that to me just felt, it must look cringe to people in the world if that's how we're willing to do with our senior citizens. Yeah. And then also, like, every time he walked off a plane wasn't cool. Like, it felt like he was gonna fall. Yeah. And it's, and it wasn't cool. And it's like, you know, I didn't want to see that. Right. You know what I mean? I didn't want to see, I didn't, I'm glad that didn't, nothing bad happen. That's a good point, huh? Yeah. All those little stages, they put him on the scariest thing to put the scariest thing for a senior citizen next to more than, more than one ottoman in a room is a little stage dude.


'cause there's nowhere really to go. Yeah. Except for Down or just, yeah, just stairs, You know? Yeah. One sta or two stairs. Yeah. So, yeah. So that shit was bunked, dude, what do you think? I it. And it looks like almost they tried to kill Trump. Someone did. It didn't work. And so then Biden, they're like, well, if that doesn't work, then Biden has to step down. Especially give, put somebody that can try to win. Mm. I dunno if that's true, but it looks a little bit like that. Yeah. What do you think happened, do you think? What do you think? I think there's, he was a, he was a sicko, that little kid. Oh, you think it was just the kid acted alone? Yeah. It was a sicko. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. I think it was just a sicko, you know, it's like a lot of these school shooters are, are they're, you know what I mean?


They're not all up there. Who's, I mean, who's going to take a, a, a gun and go shoot up a school? It's just disgusting. Oh. yeah. So it's like, you know, for someone to do that, it's just repulsing. Yeah. You know, and, and, and don don't know. I mean, no comment. It's just sad. You know, the kids are fucked up like that. Oh, it's heartbreaking. And then the kid is dead. Now don don't, you know, and you wonder like, did somebody get to this kid and inspire him to do that? The thing about having another shooter, 'cause some people think there's another shooter, but you would had to have had the, then somebody had to have hired the kid. You know, they have to know the kid's gonna do it, Or Yeah. And I don't think that happened. Right. I think he's just a wacko that knew Trump was, you know what I mean?


Gonna Be speaking. But then it's unbelievable that the Secret Service wasn't able to, like if people, Because they were checking their Instagram. Yeah. Probably. Absolutely. You know, they're just self-involved with their own bullshit. And they weren't, weren't weren't focused on the whole thing. Either way. You know? I like, you know, at night, you know, I was, I was fucking with you the other night when we were texting each other. I said, I gotta go. I'm going to sleep. I'm watching Fox News. You Know what I mean? I just, you know, as a con I started watching Fox News with my mom. She loved it. Really? Yeah. She loved it. She would just watch Bill O, look at Bill O'Reilly, and then she'd see the Fox News anchors. What the fuck is her horse teeth? She's got fucking horse teeth.


Polly, you know, with all the Fox news anchor girls. She'd always get angry. What the fuck is she looking at? You know what I mean? She's got, she looks like a horse face. She would say that shit was fucking hilarious. So I would watch, I would always watch, you know, the news with her. Oh, that's, we watch CNN, we'd watch Fox. Any other Shows y'all would watch together, game shows or anything? Tommy would bring over comedians. Sometimes. Tommy, the old talent guy, he'd bring over comedians. What do you think of him? You know, shit like that. I miss Tommy kind of. Yeah. Yeah. I What do you mean, kind of? I miss him. Yeah. I, he was, He was fun. He was a great guy. He was there When I got there. He was such a character.


You know how he kinda like, yeah. You know, Well he was funny 'cause he Said he stayed. You're doing it, man. You're doing It. Yeah. Him and his, him and his girl, Steph, they stayed at the Hyatt. And he says, he says, well, it seems like the comedy store's calling me. It's right down there. They want me, they want me to run the comedy store. Don't you understand? Well, that's how it is. That's how your mother wanted it. Polly. Listen to your mother. She's the queen. You know what I mean? It's Pretty cool. He was, what do you think of his relationship with your mom? What'd you think It was like? It was good. Yeah. It was good. I mean, he used to do shit with my mom that you're not supposed to do for someone that you're working, used to carry up the stairs.


Mm. I mean, she would literally call him up, help me up. I can't get up. You know, and it was, you know, she would be working the cover booth and then Steve re would have to come in, and that's when he stole the money. But that was another conversation that was supposed to be funny. Anyways. All Right. No, I think it's, yeah, it's like, well, yeah. 'cause I never knew exactly what happened. I just knew they, Yeah. So, so what happened was is my mom didn't trust a lot of people. Right. You know, and my mom loved Tommy, you know, because, you know, she, she just, you know, she took to certain people, you know, my mom took to certain people and she really liked him, and, and she trusted him. So when she couldn't get up the stairs, you know, 'cause she would try to get up the stairs, you know, she would call the store and she'd say, can you help me up the stairs?


And then he'd be like, Mitzi, I can't, you know what I mean, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm hearing the cover booth. There's people I need help up the fucking stairs, let's go. And then he, and then that's when, you know, Tommy would get rid of Zzi or someone, or someone to sit in Benji or whoever, and they'd sit in and then he, she would go, And I would be there. And I would like, you know, help. Help, yeah. Help bring her up the stairs. And then, you know, he would sit with her for a long time and watch the TV and sometimes I don even go back to work. Mm. So he did stuff that you weren't supposed to do as an employee, but that's what my mom was, that's what the store was. The store was always about, you know, helping people. And if you stole, you stole, that's on you, you know? Yeah. You know, so.


And was that ever proven that he did it? Or Just I don't, I don't know. I wasn't involved. Yeah. I wasn't either. Yeah. I just heard things. And you're like, well, what even happened? You know, don don't know. And you never got to really hear his side of it. I feel like either, you know, but, But yeah. So, but yeah. You know, You had, so recently Richard Simmons passed away. Yes. Yeah. Was there, were you guys ever, ever, 'cause And I know you were trying to do, you did a great video kind of auditioning to play him. Yes. And did you guys ever come to a, like, real conclusion? Did you ever get to actually talk with him about it? I never, I reached out to him.


I've known him since I was little. I sent him flowers on Valentine's Day. Mm. This is a short film. Oh. The short film. It's called a court. GEs Court, GE Gesture. Jester Jester. And I, I love him. And I. Love his story. And I and And I want to do his, his, his, his, you know, a biopic. So we did this Yeah. This short film. And it did, it did really well for me. You know, we were at Park City with it, and, you know, and, and people just loved it. Play something right there. Oh, by the, by halfway into this, I believe that it's him. Yeah.


And yes, guys, now we're gonna, It really seems like him, Pauline. That's great. Yeah. So, And he was from Louisiana Actually. Yes, he was. Him and his brother Lenny. Yeah. And so now, since he's passed, is there a, would you still try to do it? Like, I don don't know if that's against the grain or whatever, or is that just, can his state hire you to do it? Well, here's, here's the deal in, in reality, first of all, I'm just an actor. Okay.


I'm not a lawyer, you know, but from what I, what, from what I've learned from being in this process, that if you're a public figure, it's called an unauthorized biopic. So, for instance, they happen every day. So, I mean, the Pam and Tommy Hulu special, or Hulu Do, or Hulu series was unauthorized. Oh, wow. You know, they didn't ask. So people can just make it. That's, they do stuff all the time that way. So as long as you don't, don't do something mean. You know, as long as I do it nice. Like, this piece is Nice. Right. You're not defaming Him. Yeah. You're not defaming him, then I'll be fine. Wow. So, I'm in bed with a, a producer named Mark Waler, W-O-L-P-E-R, not Wahlberg.


And he's been in the game for about 50 years. Him and his family, they have a deal at Warner Brothers, and they have a great writer named Jordan Allen Dutton, who's writing the script. So I'm moving forward with it. And then, but my instinct is like, your instinct is get his estate to kind of be involved, you know, give them some money. But we'll see. You know, I'm kind of at, at the place where I just wanna make the movie And I just want to kind of do good by him and not defame him. Yeah. And that's kind of my, my come from, from the beginning. And, and it was never about making fun of anything else. You know, his Richard saved lives, like his, his, he saved lives and he helped people. And that's kind of where my come from is, and at the end of the day, yeah, I'm a comic, but I'm a fucking actor.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Dude. I started a lot of movies, and that's my main thing. And that's why I still sell tickets. Yeah. I don't sell tickets because of my Netflix special, or, you know, I'm sell tickets because of this. 'cause I've touched people with my films. And so this is a is is lines up. It's kinda like, God gave me a softball. I mean, this is like a really great opportunity for me, and I'm gonna do it, and it's gonna happen. And we're getting the financing together right now. That's kind of where we are in the process. Wow. But I got a great producer that I've been in bed with on this for about six months, and we've got a great writer, and we've got a great story. We've got a great pitch. And he's writing the script right now. Wow. So, yeah. So it's happening. Yeah. And, I. Think, you know, say if you had passed away and you knew before you passed away, you were like, I don't know if I want this guy to make this thing about me or to be in it.


And who knows if maybe also Richard Simmons was feeling embarrassed about himself. He, you know, sometimes it's like, I just want to go away. If he knew he was sick, there's just so many little, but then if you did pass away and then somebody made something, it was really honoring you, and you got to see it. I wonder how you would feel? I feel like I would probably feel like, man, that's pretty cool. Yeah. Well, that's how I feel. Yeah. You know, I feel that he would see it just like, he probably saw this and he, and Liked it. You know? He touched people's lives, like you said. Yeah, Absolutely. And at the end of the day, you know, publicly, he came out and he says, I'm, I, I don't, Yeah. What did he say? Bring it up. He Said, he says, I don't approve of Pauly. Shore playing me in a biopic. And then he says, he says, I want Tom Cruise to play me.


So obviously. So, I mean, you know, that's a funny joke, by the way. You Know what I mean? That's actually very, you know what I mean? But, but here's another thing, Theo, like, how do we know this was even him writing this shit? Oh, Totally. How do even know he was writing This shit? This could be some twink that he met at the airport, Or, or one of his handlers. You don't fucking know who Was probably a twink that he met at the airport. Let's be realistic. It's la What does it say? I just read that a man that don don't know is writing a script about Bible. I do not approve this movie. I'm in talks with the majors duty to create my own biopic. Meanwhile, he, you know, he passes. Right? So obviously he did. You gotta read the, you gotta read your own room of your life. Like, if you're passing away, you're Not, you're not writing that type of stuff.


No. You're fucking worried about trying to live. Yeah. Dude, you're fucking counting t-cell homie. You're not over here fucking milling around On your type rider. So that's a, that's another thing. I want to get to the bottom. I want to get to the bottom line because, you know, I love Richard And. I know Richard loves me. And I know Richard loves my mom. And I know that don don't have a fucking bad bone in my body. Yeah. And my come from is all about love. And, and, and, you know, and putting it out in a positive, positive way. And I don't know And I don't believe that. He's the one that, that wrote all this stuff that, that, you know, and if anything, I got him out, meaning, like, I got him to, to see, to just speak. Yeah. Good point. Because he'd been so, it's good point for so long.


Yeah. People hadn't heard from him in a long time. Bring up some of the videos where he helped women lose some weight. I mean, he was the first kind of Influencer. He was like a professional wrestler that never wrestled, but danced the fat off of the Midwest and other parts of America. And he made it fun. Yes. The Ellen stuff is great. Yeah. Yeah. There he is. Look, look, look at the party off the pounds right there. I remember my grandmother had party off the pounds. Dude, And, I would sit and watch her move to this Hilarious, Before she hated me, but still look at him, Buddy. Hi. Hey, come dance with me.


Come dance with me. Come on. Can you come dance too? Exhale. Oh, it's like ub. He's kind of, because He was, he was chubby too. Yeah. And you know, what would happen is he would, he would get involved with a relationship with like a, an an oversized woman. And then after the woman lost all the weight, then Richard would just like, give them the Irish goodbye. Really? And just like spatch and just like peace out, because Like, he only wanted them for their weight. Yeah. Just kind of wanted, wanted them, wanted them while they were chubby. And Then, and you're not talking about a sexual relationship. No, no, no, no. Yeah. Not at all. Just like, you know, helping someone. And now he, it's kinda like if you were chubby, And I helped you, and Pauly Shore helped you, and then all of a sudden I got you skinny, and I'm like, calling you and you're calling me, and I'm like, you know, I'm done with you.


Like, onto the next, like Superman onto the next Yeah. I needed somewhere else. Yeah, exactly. And he did do, he did do an Irish goodbye. That's now He loved man, though. Don don't know if he did. That's a good point. Did he ever, was he ever married? Let's look that up. No, he never, he never really, you know, he never really was either or. It's A great question. Yeah. Was he, and maybe he was just like a piece of moon rock or something, where he, he born Milton Tegel Simmons down there in New Orleans, Louisiana, on July the 12th. And he died July the 13th. Hmm. Did you ever see him when you were in Louisiana? I never did. No. I met, I think one of his great-granddaughters one time somewhere.


And she was trying to Come to one of your shows trying to gimme A BJ. Honestly, J But this was, and that's who knows what was going on, but he went to ULL down there, and then he went to Florida State University. But no children says, I don't think, huh? No. He had a whole bunch of dogs. Oh. yeah. That was like his big thing. But I remember as a kid growing up, like when Richard Simmons was coming on Letterman, or Howard Stern or Ellen, like, you would, you would wait, you know, like when Letterman was like, yo, come in next is Richard Simmons. You're like, oh, fuck. And he would come out and he would just kill, he would kill harder than a comedian. Yeah. Like on the sofa, He brought an energy with him. He was a real piece of energy that man. Yeah.


Now, if it's homosexuality, and would you ever, would you, you might, if you, would you be willing to do those type of scenes in it? If you had to, to honor him? If you were the other guy? Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. Oh, you're talking to me. Looks like I got a part. Huh? The weasel And the rap, bro. Rap. This is good. That's cross poll shit. So you're acting though, too. You're in some movies and stuff, right? No, I'm trying. What do you like about acting? You're Trying to not talk about yourself, but that's okay. That's sweet of you to change the subject. Paul, you, you, you do a good job making about other people. I'm gonna meet David Spade. And I wrote a movie, and we're trying to get financing for it. Huh. Cool.


So we wrote Have you, have you acted a lot. Yeah, some, a bit. I think I, I love acting acting's fucking hard. Yeah. Which I love. Well, I mean, dude, at the, in the nineties, in early 2000, you were, you were, some people say the biggest star in the world At the time. Did you feel like that? At the, in my twenties? Yeah. I felt like that because I was doing a lot. I was doing a lot. That's why I said to you at the Comedy Store, It was like six months ago. I said, you're like me back when I was, you know. But you're in your forties. I was in my twenties. I can't even Imagine. Yeah. It was crazy. I did albums. I did, you know, movies, HBO specials. What Helped you get your MTV break? Do you feel like your mom helped you? Do you feel like it was only, is that a weird que I don't mean to be rude.


No, no. That's not rude at all. I Don't know. No, no. MTV. Oh, I know that. But my mom didn't get me on MTVI got me on MTV. Yeah. Oh, a hundred percent. I mean, they saw me and they're like, fuck this kid's funny. And I got on MTV and it just, it took off. And then from there, Jeffrey Katzenberg found me, and he was running Disney at the time. Oh. And he fucking just wrote all these movies for me. And they all did well for me. Do you remember, like, would they come and see you at the store? You have to go to meetings? What was that like? Both. Both. I had my manager Michael Rottenberg from Three Arts. That's your man. That was your manager? Yeah. For eight years. Yeah. He was my manager the whole time. Michael's A cool dude. Really fucking cool. That's my homie. What's up, Michael? What's up, Michael? What's up? Michael Rottenberg. I call him Crisco. You do Crico. 'cause he's so greasy, bro.


Ha. He's so good. Rottenberg is cool, man. I like his, we have a similar sense of humor. Yeah. And he, I, yeah. So he, he, he ran my, ran my shit. Him and Adam Bennett from ca a a Yeah. Yeah. Ca Rat ran my stuff for those. It was like Willy Wonka. I'm sorry. I asked you if your mom helped you get it. No, don don't care. I Know. It just wasn't cool though. Okay. Well, you can cut that part out. Oh, You can leave it in. I just feel a little bad. I, I just don don't know why I said that. Well, it's Like a Lot. Well, I guess it's a hard business and people take whatever the, whoever can help you. Sometimes it's good. Yeah. Not that you didn't stand. Here's what I meant. It's not that you didn't stand on your own talent. That's what I mean. Yeah. I think what we need to do is take a, take a silence.


You know how like you silent, like if someone dies Yeah. You do a silence and then, you know. Yeah. And let's put these hats on too. It Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hats in the glasses. Yeah. Just for asking me if my mom got me in the show business. All right. Let's just take a time for a, okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. Let's do five seconds. Huh. Just Like, but you gotta breathe. Think of ayahuasca. I know. We do that sometimes up in the hills, you know? Here we go. Theo and myself are taking a little moment to get that energy out of the room that he put in there, thinking that my mom, Mitzi Shore, the owner of the biggest comedy club in the world got me my break in the entertainment business.


Wait, there's still some bad energy. Just anything Theo, you want to add? Or BLM, homie. Okay. We got it out. That was good. All right. No, but it was just, it was, they saw me do standup. They saw, do you know I would MTV mtv. All right. But was there a call that you got one ear, like, okay, this is getting fucking crazy. Well, after Encino Man came out and it was a big hit for me. And then we rolled into Son-in-Law. And it was just like, boom, boom. And they brought me around the world, you know? You know what I used to do? I used to do, when I used to, when we used to do shows, I used to never have people sitting.


It was always festival seating. So I always had like a band open for me. Like the spin doctors. They would open for me and All too. See a B full you. And then I would come out and do 45 minutes people standing. And in between my jokes, I would stage, dive. Yeah. Oh, and then just come back to the stage. Exactly. I would stage dive. I would stage dive, and then I would come back and then do more jokes. That's kind of how it was. But it was called festival seating. You remember as a kid, you'd go to those concerts? Oh. yeah. Where there's no seats. And then, Yeah. I love how they call it festival seating. There's nobody seats. There's no seat. Yeah. And then we would, and then I'd bring the band back out, and then I would sing songs.


Yeah. And I had like this one song that was a hit song on MTV called Lisa Lisa, the one I adore. Mm. Do you remember it? I don't. I'm atony oo. With the mop on top. My mailing's fully tweaked, but I'll never stop. Stop trying to, we the UX from coast to coast, the ones with the cones are the ones I dig the most seeing. Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, Stoney, body Major, Stony Body major. Yeah. That's how we Did it. Yeah. don don't remember it, man. But it Was, It sounds pretty good. It Was pretty cool. Cool. But did Anybody ever remake it? Mm. There it is. Turn that shit up. Crank that shit. Whoa. Look at it loud, bro. Fucking Lamb mess.


Turn it. Look at this Shit. Totally clean. Here we go. Look at this. But I'll never stop, stop trying to release the nub. Come on the coast. The ones with the cons. Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, Lisa. Oh, bro. It seems like, hold on it. Somebody just made this video so you could smash a lot of these shit, bro. Be honest, Dude.


No, it was, it was a song based off of my ex-girlfriend. Yeah. But you see the front nuts on that one lady, dude. Yeah. Odd. Huh? She was in the firehouse video Really? Of her Firehouse. I'd fucking burn a house down to fucking, I know she was, Dude. Yeah. If you put a ho Yeah. I'd hose things off for sure. She was, she was cute. She seemed like a great woman. That's what I meant. Yes. But, yeah. So, and Did you ever make love to this woman? I'm not sure. I think we, we hung, her name was Heather. Heather. Heather Parkhurst. Very, very cool. Cool, cool friend. Very cool friend. Okay. Sound like She was She was cool. She was, I believe all That dude. You know where we used to go? That was fucking insane.


Yeah. Tell me that. Holy Fuck, dude. Let's put our hats on real quick too. Yeah. Our hat goes back on. Fuck dude. It was, it was Don Barris was the host. Fuck. What was it called? I wonder. It Was called the mentally re evening at the, no, It was The Ce Sinking of the Cerebella. No, no. It was Ding show. No, not the Ding Dong Show. This is way before this was, fuck. I forgot the name of. It Wasn't like re Wednesdays or something, was it? No, it was, it was Mud Wrestling. Oh, it was Mud Wrestling. It was the Tropicana. Oh, in Vegas was No, the Tropicana here in Hollywood. It was right off of Hollywood Boulevard. I didn't know it, but he used to host this thing, and the girls would come out and there was, it would be Mud Wrestling.


Yeah. And, and Don Don hosted it. It was fucking hilarious. Dude. He had, Don is, Don has. Yeah. I went, wouldn't done, that's for sure. No, but it, it was, it was, it was a big deal. I Mean, I bless him. I wouldn't fuck him. 'cause he's a man. That's why. Yeah. But Mud Wrestling was a big deal back in the nineties. I mean, yeah. Yeah. That's how it was. Yeah. Do you think, you think Trump will be the next president? Hmm. I Don't wanna say anything. I mean, yeah. I don't wanna say anything about it. I like watching it and just kind of being a fan of the, the political Theater.


Theater. Yeah. It's a good point. Just watching it and not knowing, I mean, no one knows what the fuck's gonna happen, but I know there's gonna be some, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a real fight. It's kinda like UFC fight, but for, for, you know, 'cause it's basically, they're fighting for the most powerful job in the world, so they're gonna go after each other pretty fucking hard. Yeah. I mean, and they're completely different. I mean, she's like a prosecutor for like sex trafficking or something, isn't she? Yeah. I mean, is don don't know, isn't she like, I Don't know. I thought she was a undercover cop or something. What was her original job? She was a district attorney, previously District attorney. But didn't she, like, she pro Wasn't she a prosecutor? Yes. Like, so she would prosecute on behalf of, I think like the Bay Area.


Oh. Like CSI Don don't know. Huh? Yeah, don don't know. But, but either way, she's, she's, you know, she's not a fan of Trump. Right. So they're gonna Yeah. It's gonna be a good bow. And He's not a fan of hers, so it's gonna be fun to watch. Did you ever get to party with Trump back in the day? Anywhere? I did see him a lot. Yeah. Back in the day. Yeah. Absolute. And what kind of guy did he seem like? 'cause he saw me. He would fucking laugh. Yeah. Like, he'd be like, fuck Pauly Shore. He'd be like, you're still alive. What the fuck? How the fuck are you still around? He was cool. He was, the first time I used to see him was in Daytona Beach. And this was back in the nineties. And this was when we did spring break for MTV and all that Oh. yeah. And you had Rodney Dangerfield, Vince Neil was down there. John Levit. And Ron Rice was the owner of Hawaiian Tropics.


That's When the hard tits came out. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Remember when Hard ass Tits came Out? Yeah. And fao, remember Fabio? Yeah. He was around. That was around like down, people Look at my tits and they look like you, you get Yeah. Like, you went like that. It was like, Yeah. Yeah. Like, And he tossed fucking Sweet Oh. yeah. They're like, damn what they made Outta fucking Yeah. And they would, they would lean you. They would like lean over and he'd see these like bags. They'd be hanging out. Yeah. And they would look like, yeah. They, It was like, it almost like somebody was like, had made 'em outta like dish gloves or something. Like, they were like, right. Like, they, like if you put, if you pulled a shirt on 'em on, you could hear 'em. Like, It was like, Taylor bitches are plastic, bro.


Yeah. And this one girl I was dating this one girl, her boobs started moving, bro. Oh. yeah. Yeah. This one. He wound up on her back. Oh, wow. But it was cool though. 'cause when I was doing behind Doggy style, they're right there, bro. Easy access. Chinese. Chinese is cool. Chinese is good, is Cool. So, yeah. So that's, Some of that does the moon too, wherever the moon is. That's what's neat about some of those women. Wherever the moon is, that's where their tits will go. Mm mm Yep. And that's beautiful. A lot of you guys know, we started off with, our first advertiser ever was Gray Block Pizza. Get that hitter baby and the owner of Gray Block Pizza. My friend Thomas evolved his business up in Oregon to start Blue Cube Baths.


And he sent me one. And it's absolutely beautiful. A wonderful cold plunge. The best cold plunge in the market. If you value American Made and Pinnacle Cold Exposure. This is your cold plunge. Blue Cube Baths. What I love is you can, you can set that temperature, get it down to, I mean, it might just, you might be able to ice skate in there. I haven't put it that low, but you can set it to a place where you feel comfortable. I, I'll get in around 50 degrees for about 10 or 12 minutes, and that's what really sets me and activates me. I've done it before podcasts to really put me and just put me in my body and put me in the moment.


You know, the positive side effects of cold plunging are, are countless. You can follow Blue Cube's Instagram for a chance to win your own cold plunge this spring and summer. That's right. They're giving one away. They will announce the giveaway soon. So follow them at Blue Cube Baths. And we wish them the best of luck and thank them for supporting the podcast so early on. But yeah, I would see him at the, at the Daytona Beach, like the Hawaiian Tropic Party Stuff. And what do you seen, like, this is my number one thing about Donald Trump, right? I've met him a few times, but not ha had a chance to really engage with him. Right? Mm. So you get an idea of him, but you're always like, well, what does he like?


Like, you know, like you, if I never got to talk to you, I would have like, you know, some general thoughts, but I wouldn't really know, well, what is he like? Mm. Like, do you know what he's like, like, is he like a business guy? Is he just like a fun guy that plays tennis? Like I, I think I wish I knew more about how he is. Does that make any sense? Yeah. No, I never had those type of conversations where I'm like, Oh. yeah. I remember one time we talked about this, right? It was always like, kind like when I'd see Hugh Hefner, I would never really engage in a conversation with him. I'd always kinda wave Yeah. Shake his hand and, you know what I mean? So with Trump, It was like the same thing. Do you, do you miss those parties over there? Was that fun? It was fun because it was before the whole social media thing.


Yeah. But it's kind of like, even driving down Sunset Boulevard now is, it's fucking depressing. You know, the store's the only thing that's fucking popping. You know what I mean? Yeah. A lot of shit is Just fucking insane. Yeah. But you walked insane. You drive down Sunset on a Saturday night. There's nothing. It's just tumbleweed. People don't go out. It gets quiet. Huh? People don't go out anymore because people are scared. They don't want to be around the photos and the videos and, you know what I mean? People, so the parties are in the house. It's people stay in. Oh, it's, and also Covid as well. People shifted and stayed in that. Unlike if you go to Texas or Florida, where people don't give a fuck. Oh, the second I got to Tennessee. Yeah. People were spitting in each other's mouths and Yeah. And shit. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying? That kind of shit America's about, you know? Yeah. So Recycling.


But, but here in LA it's just like, it's, you know, it's, it has Gotten quieter, huh? Yeah. It's the call. The, the, the word is joy. There's not a lot of joy in, in like Hollywood anymore. There's no like, fun. Although Silver Lake, echo Park, Los, fearless hipster, those Pussies Are popping. Are are fun, dude. Yeah. Like that whole area. East Hollywood is fucking, it's fun. Yeah. I, Yeah, it is interesting that Hollywood, it's kind of quieter now. Mm. Yeah. And even when I went to, I Went to like, where is everybody? They're not going out. Or they moved. They moved. And even just in your life, have you seen it just, just changed so, so much. I think after Covid, you know, after Covid and, and all that, that whole, it just shifted into, you know, a different time.


Because When Rogan and them were at the store, that was crazy too. Remember that? I mean, you go on a Tuesday night, bro, and it was insane. Yeah. Here's a video that Just how bad Hollywood is. What is this? This is a guy saying how bad it is in Hollywood. It's not fun, it's not joyful. He's, He's talking about just the industry and what they're making right now. So I wonder if that's having effect. It's pretty bad here in Hollywood. And now we have some numbers to back it up. Film LA has just released a report on, on location and stage based production data. Let's take a look at what this means. Production in LA is down way, way, way down from just last year. Feature films are down 3%, 3.3% versus a five year average, as we know, things were bad already.


It is 23.8% down commercials are even worse. Over a five year average. 36.1% down television is down 45.8% crazy. And whatever other is, is down 20%. So like industrial film, short film, and just everything reality TV looks insane. The purple line, here's reality. There's COVD, there's the strike. There's where reality TV is in LA right now. So as you can see, just across the board, everything is down. All in all versus a five year average production shoot days in Los Angeles, California, the home of the film industry are down 33.4%. Wow. Yeah. So I got a little curious. And I went to the Bureau of Labor Statistics to get the numbers on unemployment rates in the motion picture and television industry.


Now they do lump the sound recording industries in with this. But as you can see, it's not good. That is a 16.1% unemployment rate in the motion picture and television industry. And that's from June. So that is not counting the massive layoffs that just occurred again at Warner Brothers Discovery. And it's definitely not counting all the way that About to come. That's Yeah. But so, I mean, so Just interesting And I'm not saying all this is like exact, but I'm just, I saw this the other day. And I was like, wow. Yeah. I wonder if there's just not as many people here as well. Well, it's also the business has shifted. Yeah. You know, the business has shifted to this. I mean, look how many millions of people watch you Yeah. Doing this. You know what I mean? So it's not, you know, everything. And look at the OnlyFans girls. I mean, you probably know a lot of women that, you know, back in the day, if you were a pretty girl and you had to come to la, your maximum Playboy penthouse hustler, FHM.


Right. And that was it. You had to get in one of those. Now no one needs those. And now you've got all these influencers doing and making money. So everything has shifted, you know? So I think since 2000 15, 16, 17, you know, the business has shifted. And then guys like Mark Wahlberg moved to Vegas. So they're trying to do a whole studio out there. So people make their own things. Yeah. Doing their own things. So people are are are saying like, Hey, you don't need to live in la. And especially, 'cause there's, there's, everyone's in a Zoom world now, you no one goes to fucking meetings anymore. I feel bad for people that own office buildings. Yeah. I mean, think about it. I mean, how big, how big of a, how big of a nut is that ca a building? You've been in there. Yeah. It's fucking massive.


It's huge In There. You know how much that, that, that is for rent. And the agent's probably like, I don't feel like going in. I'm gonna get sick, or I'm gonna stay home, or, and they, and they just let 'em look at that. Yeah. And then a lot, lot of new agencies kind of started up when social media started, because, or when I, when TikTok and, and, and people popped off on Instagram, they start, they joined like, groups like shots. Have you heard of them? Who owns shots? Or who started shots? S-H-O-T-S. But it's the Wild West. I mean, But that became like, the agency It was like a new, you know what I'm saying? Because CAN they weren't even on on board. You know, different agencies weren't even seeing this sort of thing, you know?


Yeah. So, I mean, there you go. The, the, you know, shots Podcast Network Shots Podcast Network is a company. Oh. Founded by John Shahidi. I didn't even know that. And Sam Shahidi, I know these guys. The company was originally founded as a software development company in 2009, in November, 2019, Spotify announced a suite of podcasts and included a partnership with Shots Podcast Network. But yes, groups like Shots became the representatives for, for a lot of talent. And so they weren't even working with the agents, you know, the original agencies anymore, the big agencies. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it's Changed. Well, I It's completely changed. Yeah. The other day, someone was like, do you wanna be in a movie?


And? I was like, is it gonna be 40 seconds long? Is it, and is it gonna be on TikTok? That's hilarious. That's hilarious. Yeah. Kids can't even watch a movie without taking a pill. Now some kids, they're like, mom, gimme two pills. I'm gonna watch a movie. Gimme half a talk. Yeah. I can't. That's the same with me. I gotta have a pill when I watch my movies. Too kidding. No, but it's true. Like, you know, you watch, you know, you're watching the, the, you're watching the news and then you're watching your Netflix, then you're on your Instagram. Yeah. And you're looking at your thing. It's fucked up. But it is the way it is. It's like, he's got us. Steve Job got us. He won, huh? Yeah, He got us. I mean, we're basically, we're this, and it is just the way it is. You know what I Mean? And the, the wildest part, Pauly, I think one thing is that pe some people for years have been like, you think we'll live forever.


You think it'll be a time where we'll live forever? And now I do. But it's not in the way We think it's gonna be in a digitized way. Mm mm It's like eventually from this episode alone. Mm. They'll be able to make a you and a me. Mm. That can exist in some virtual world where you could talk to us any time. This, This is good. We could be in Japan tomorrow. Oh. Yeah. This Is a Sona. Hey, RA Lost, Say Lost Teets. It's, you know, it's about the numbers. It's about the eyeballs. You know, you Joe, Tony, Shane Gillis, you know, all these guys. Like, you fucking tapped into it. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's, I mean, you don't need all that shit because at the end of the day, everyone's coming after you now.


I mean, they see the tickets you're selling. They see the numbers that this is, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's fucking crazy. Like, if you wanted to star in your own Theo Von series, like fucking everybody, what's the guy Everybody loves? You know what I mean? Randy or whatever. Yeah. The Randy Red Redwood. No, the fucking Rich Springfield in it. Who was in it? No. You know what I'm saying? What the fuck is Hey Romano. Everybody knows Raymond. No. Oh, tires. No. The guy. No, not no, no. The guy with the guy that started in the Christmas movies. Oh, I know you're talking about Qua. No, Ernest saves Christmas Oh. yeah. Yeah. Put up Ernest. Ernest saves Christmas. You're the next guy. Let me produce these movies. It'll be good. Never the main look at, there you go.


See, this is what you gotta do. Come on, Dude. This will be, dude, you're the modern day Fucking earnest bro. No, that guy was a BLM activist dude. Look at this guy. How great would this be? We could do fucking Theo Saves Christmas. Theo fucking goes to, you know, on Vacation. Theo saves $40 too. That'd a Good one. Chinese go to his, go to his IMDB. Yeah. Here we go. See, we can just take your head out. Take your head out and put your fuck his head out and put your, like, what is this? Ernest saves Christmas. Ernest goes to camp. Oh. So just change the name. Fucking Theo saves Christmas. Theo goes to jail. Ernest Goes to rehab. I could do a second dude. Ernest goes to detox.


Dude, I went do a series of these, bro. That's what I'm saying. Dude. Wet. Ernest goes to remedial reading. Dude, we can talk. Ernest Goes to court. Ernest goes to Africa. Theo goes to Africa. Theo goes to the Army. This is you, bro. What's this? If Ernest goes to Africa, Ernest goes to the AIDS clinic too, probably, I'm guessing in no offense to Africa. Those are rumors. And a lot of that's on Reddit. So what do you think? I mean, this is, we can just, can you guys, can you guys Photoshop Theo's head on top of his head? Well, That's the thing. Probably they're just gonna be able to, as long as they license you whatever they can put you in a movie, dude. But yeah, but we gotta do it for you. You're hot right now. This could be good I. don know. Scroll up to the top. Yeah. You don't wanna fucking do a David Spade movie.


Do that. Fucking Theo's scared of stupid. Theo's scared, Theo's scared and stupid. It's perfect. I mean, you could just do your face. Let put his face back up there. Put his dumb face. Dude. Can you do black face in the future? Let's be Honest. No, no, no, no, no, no. We don't wanna do that here. Put his face back Up. Not now. Dude. Look at this. Wait, here we go. At least we should be able to do Native American Face, right? Yeah. See this guy. Do this face right here. Do it. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Hold on. Yeah. I mean, that's a fucking hit dude. Don don't know. don don't think you anything. I like what You mean. You gotta do a series of movies. This is great. It's perfect timing. don. Don't know man.


Go Straight to YouTube here each week. But maybe don don't know. I mean, the thing about spa, I notice it's like, this is what I heard about movies. It's fun if you're with your friends, dude. And if you have to be somewhere stuck somewhere for a while and it's not your friend, or you wanna sit there every night and have dinner with, then it just seems like it's not as fun. You know? Yeah. That's why I could never be in that movie. 'cause Dave's in it really we're, we're not friends. Y'all aren't? No, fuck that guy. No, I'm just kidding. Oh, no, he's my friend. I met him, you know, I met him. I did a movie with George Burns. No Way From The Gods Must Be Crazy. No, it was called 18 again. George Burns. You remember George Burns? Yeah. Yeah. The Gods Must Be Crazy. Wasn't he in There? The old guy? Here. Go put up George Burns 18 again right there.


So this is George Burns. This was my first movie ever. George Burns was a comedian back in the day. He was like, Oh. Yeah, I know who he was. George Burns. You lived about 98 years old. Yeah, that guy. So I did this movie. See this guy in the left? His name's Charlie Slaughter. So I played Charlie Slaughter's best friend in 18. Again, Oh. Yeah. I didn't so know that. So that's why I met George Burns. And that's when I met David Spade, because David Spade was best friends with Charlie Slaughter. So I've known David Spade since I was 19. Wow. David's, I mean, how has he always had so much luck with the ladies? Be honest, man, I don't know. He's, he's sexy. Oh, I, oh, I, he's sexy. David's a close friend of mine. I think he's handsome, sexy. He's ex he's one of the funniest guys. Yes.


But how did he get so much? I mean, there's other, there's a lot of guys that are like, that's true. Not like him. He's special. But how does the guy, you know? Yeah, He's, he's, yeah, he's good. He's Like the David Copperfield of straight dudes, Man. Yeah, he's he, he's, he's a go. He's a gorgeous man. Yeah. He's a gorgeous man. Well, is that true? I don't Know. Look, there you go. See Ernest? Or put, you gotta put, Theo goes to school though. Yeah. These Guys are fired. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I say, look where they have one job that left Earnest on the thing. Yeah. I'm joking. I'm joking, man. Oh. Oh. But Theo goes to BLM rally too, dude. Fuck. Oh, they roll up.


Fucking, fucking hilarious. Huh? I say we do a series of fucking earnest moves and just change it to Theo and just do the same fucking script. No one's gonna know. The kids aren't gonna remember this fucking guy, Dude. Most people can't even see that far. How, how far can people see usually? What do you mean? I'm just saying like, how far can somebody see? What does, what does that mean? The Average sight distance for a person with normal vision is about three miles. Get fucked, dude. When standing on a flat surface with their eyes about five feet above the ground. That is bullshit. I thought It was like 70 feet or something. Why are you asking this question?


I'm not sure exactly. I guess, what were you, we were just talking about David Spade average re Oh, whatever, man. We'll move it along. When Bobby Lee came, what was it like when you saw him first? Because a lot of people, you know, are like, what is it? You know, He was just adorable. I mean, he was, you Remember him? Yeah. I, I discovered him. You know, I discovered him. I didn't know it. You didn't know that? I didn't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I found him. Where'd you see him at Panda Express? He was getting some Anja chicken. No, I saw him naked at a Korean spa. Oh. Yeah. No, for real. I saw him at, he's from San Diego. Yeah. In, it was a re it was tro Yeah.


A restaurant called Brockton Villa. And he was like a server there. And you saw And I was there with my mom. I think I was there with my mom or my brothers or something. And I said, yo, you gotta, you're fucking hilarious. Come to the Comedy store. So I got him a gig at the Comedy Store. He was taking tickets in La Jolla. Yeah. In La Jolla, the comedy store there. And you Just thought he was funny from the interactions. Yeah. Just 'cause he was adorable. And then he started taking tickets at the, at the La Jolla room. And then he started going up on open Mic night. And then I would see him down there. And every time I'd come down there and play, you know, I'd kind of put him up in front of me. And then eventually I took him on the road. And then he became a paid regular at the, at Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas when my mom was there to see me.


And he opened for me at the Riviera Hotel in the late nineties. And then, and that's when my mom made him a paid regular. She says, you're funny, you can work the store right then. Yeah. And then, wow. Yeah. So I discovered, yeah, I Discover, dude, that's awesome. He did all that for him. Yeah. And then he opened for me for eight years. Wow. He toured with me for eight years, opened for me on the bus and the whole thing. Kind of like Ari. Yeah. And, you know, Amir, they opened for you? He just opened for me. We did Merch. I got, I got videos of him. Fucking chicks. Yeah. Yeah. It's fucking great. I'm gonna release something on the next time. He is. Got something coming out. You know, Oh? yeah. Yeah. Oh, this was guest house. Wow. So you guys went through all that together. What was he like then? 'cause and was he, what ethnicity was he?


'cause people were like, what is, he's Korean. He's not Korean. I don't know. Bring up Korea. You think he's like me? You think he's from like Thailand or something? don don't know. He looks more like Osaka to me or whatever. Huh. But don Don't know. Yeah. So, you know, so I, ive written some scripts with him. I got a great script called Captured where I capture him and put him in a cage in my backyard. Oh. yeah. And, and we did this. He's done a lot of stuff with me. He's in guest house and like, They're feeding him pine nuts. He's an interesting guy, you know? Yeah. No, He's, He's one of a kind. Would he sleep all day back then? Or was he a more of a morning person? 'cause he's devolved into a nighttime.


He's, he's awake like five hours a day. Mm. You know, it's definitely very specific style of living. Yeah. He don don't know. He would, he would hide from me a lot. He'd always hide from me. One time he cried on the road with me. He cried because I wanted to, it was, we were in Detroit and that'll Do it. And, sorry, David. No, no. We were in Detroit and you know, the, the, the row manager gives everyone their, their hotel keys, you know? So Bobby goes to his key, And I just followed him in his room. And he, he's like, what are you doing? I'm like, I'm staying with you tonight. You know, I'm gonna stay with you in the room. And he wasn't into that. And I'm, I'm like, no, dude.


'cause I don't have anyone. I'm lonely. I want to be don. Don't want to go back to my room by myself. Oh. yeah. Yeah. And I. You know, he, and then he started crying and then when he cried, I just left. But yeah. Yeah. Oh. yeah. He's definitely, and the crazy thing about him crying, it, it's like one tear gets in his eye and it's Yeah. Yeah. It's full. He's he's doing great now too. It's full. Yeah. But I, again, I told him, I said, dude, it's gonna happen for you. He was always neurotic. Really? Yeah. Well, yeah. He was, you know, before his podcast, he was just trying to figure he wasn't, he barely was selling out comedy clubs. Wow. You know what I mean? I've always, he's one guy who could never change a word from his set.


And I would Still funny. Yeah. Every single time. Yeah. There's just actually when he walks up, it's already the, the setup is already there. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And not in a negative way. The setup is already there. Yeah. No, I love Bobby. Bobby is, I very, very close with him. I do see him at the Korean spa sometimes. Yeah. He gets really fucking freaked out when I go again. Really? Yeah. He showed his butt hole to some kids somewhere. don don't know where that was at. I'm trying to remember if I, don Dunno if there's a video of that, or is definitely a drawing of it. Yeah, but he's, he's a good dude. You know, Oh. yeah. He's doing, doing good Oh. yeah. Yeah. He's doing good. So yeah, he's, everyone's doing, you know, who else is doing good? Jesus Trejo. Yeah. He's doing good too.


He's always been so funny, Dude. Yeah. So he opened for me for eight years too. Dang. Eight years. Yeah. A lot of these guys. Eight years In Opener. Shafi opened for me. Rick Ingram opened for me. All these guys. Yeah. It's cool. I love bringing those guys out on the radio. Yeah. That's one cool thing about the store is just like, it's just, I don't know, once you get in there and you make your way through and you've been there for a while, and you know who's who and you kind of, you develop your own little relationship with the space and the people you love to see. And people come and go and the people that work there, and it's like, it is just such a universe, you know? We're lucky to be able to have a workplace Mm. That has a lot of joy and like different people at it.


And you, it's fun. Like imagine you get to go to work and, and it's actually, you can a fun, save what you want. Fun spot. There's no real hr. In fact, HR is like, HR is encouraging you to fucking save Crazy as shit. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I never thought about that, man. That's such a crazy blessing, dude. Do you think your mother felt very achieved with her? With the Comedy Club? Mm, Yeah. I mean, she's, you know, and, and that's, you know, the way, the way that it's still, the way that it's left right now is exactly how she left it, which is awesome. You know, she just put her stamp on it and she's, leave it alone. Don't fuck with it. And you know, and just like, you know, the rooms are set up the way there are and different than the Laugh actor, different than the improv, different vibes.


Those are great clubs. But you know, she, she kind of created the black and the red and all that stuff and, you know, and created that space. So, yeah. It's pretty tight. Yeah. It's, yeah. You wouldn't want it to change. Was there ever a chance that it was gonna be sold at some point? Don don't know. don don't think we'd ever sell it. You know what I mean? I think just kinda leave it. It's, you know, it's, it's gotta be a, what's it called? A Hollywood LA or a landmark or what's it called? Grandfather? What's it called? Oh? yeah. It's like a historical Landmark. Yeah. Historical landmark. Yeah. At some point, huh? Yeah, I think so. So, Yeah, that's a good point. I remember somebody, I dunno if I saw a drawing somewhere that a hotel had drawn around it, they were gonna build and leave it intact as is on the ground.


That's kind of cool. And build up and just, you know, It was like a 20 story hotel. Wow. And it would be right under exactly the same. Huh. Remember seeing a, somebody had put that together. I don Dunno if it was an art. I think it was an architect drawing. I don Dunno if it was actually considered at one point. But I thought I remembered seeing that somewhere. What, when you, when you look at your life and like maybe having a family, do you have any children? My dog. That's like Scott. Your brother has the same, huh? Yes. Is he have Children? Yes. Scott's got a dog, you know, he's got a dog. Yeah, I got a dog. I don't know. I mean, that's a whole other podcast. Okay. That's like a fucking, you know what I mean? No, we'll Do it.


Yeah. We talk about it all the time. A good point. Fucking That's a Good point. You know what I mean? That's a whole, there you go. That's my dog buster. Oh, that's cute. Yeah. When you look at guys like Brody Stevens, right. Who have had, who, what a shock was that? Does that, do you feel like things like that happen with suicide amongst comedians and stuff? It happens. I mean, Jack Knight, remember Jack Knight? Who is that? Bring Up Jack Knight. Who is he? So funny. Great energy. You remember Jack Knight? Huh? Remember seeing him? Yeah. Think I think two Years ago. He took his life, Huh?


I mean, one of the funniest young men. Heartbreaking. Yeah. Sometimes it's, it's hard to get your mind to just fucking relax. You know what I mean? And I think it's important. It sounds kind of corny, but I think it's really important that everyone focuses on what they have as opposed to what they don't have. Yeah. And, I think that is like the key, you know, like you gotta focus on your blessings, you know, as opposed to, you know. Yeah. 'cause the other way of trap, because there's no end to, you can like Yeah. Focus on what you don't have and trying. It's a, I mean, I fall, I fall into it all the time, you know, but it's just a, it's such a trap or wanting more and then not even enjoying The saddest thing, I think is sometimes when I look back on certain moments in my life, And, I'm like, man, I wish I had enjoyed that a little more.


Just by being present or just by sitting there quietly. Or by letting It in. Yeah. Yeah. Letting it in. Yeah. And so what are you doing with all your money? I've been saving some money. Some, I mean, fuck. Everyone sees the arenas. Like you fucking Thompson Arenas, Dude. Segura fucking bird. Oh, Those guys have been making some money, dude. I Mean, what do you, I mean, Jesus Christ. Dude, I wouldn't know what to do with that. I mean, it's crazy. Oh dude, you gotta put it away, bro. Oh, I see. You can. I mean, you don't spend on yourself just like me. Yeah, right. You got a Jeep or Yeah, I got a Jeep Cherokee. Yeah. Like, I don't, like, I've never been that guy either. I felt embarrassed inviting People over even having a nice watch Or to my apartment when I was a kid.


Mm. Because I was ashamed of it. Mm. And I feel embarrassed sometimes. I have a house in Nashville. It's not a, it's a nice home. I'm not, and it's, it's not like an estate or anything, but I feel ashamed even sometimes showing that. It's like, I just don don't know. Yeah. I'm trying to rent out my house now too. Oh. Yeah. It's a beautiful home. Yeah. I'm trying to rent out the house too with All that. What's that? Like terracotta? Yeah. Terracotta tile. God, no. Just because it's like you said, like, I'm just one guy with my dog, you know? And then I have a condo in Vegas. You know, I, I I kind of, yeah, you live there a lot. Yeah. I sto I stalk you at the resorts world. So my, I see your poster there all the time. So I, I, I, you know, it's right there.


So I have like a one bedroom condo, And I, got all my shit there. And it feels more comfortable than my house in LA Yeah. Because, you know, I'm just one guy. You know, the older you get the realize the less you need. Yeah. I don't want to be that guy that's that by himself with his dog in this big house. Oh. You know what I mean? So I just don't like, I don't like living in a big house, you know? It's not who I am, You know? Yeah. The thing, some things that are kind of, this is kind of fucking emo and sad and is definitely gonna be accused of light homosexuality. But Yeah. Like, sometimes I'll lay in bed at night and like, just the, the, the space in my bed, it feels fucking lonesome, you know? But then sometimes if a girl wanted to stay over, I'd be like, I don't know if I like having somebody stay over.


Right. So it's like I just, yeah. Yeah. Everything. Well, I'll sleep in the other room, right? Yeah. Yeah. No. If a girl stays at night, I'm like, I'm gonna go peace out in the other room. Okay. And then, but, but when you sleep alone at night, what do you do? What do you, how do you sleep? Okay, here's what I do. So first I wash my face, brush my teeth, put in my retainers, put on a breathe right strip on my nose. Right? Okay. I want all the other, Is that from all the coke? don? Don't Know what it's from. It could be just from having a big nose. It could be from cocaine. It could be a mix of things. It could be from Satan, who knows what happened. So You put the stuff on here? Yeah. Put the thing on and then I'll lay down, put a pillow between my legs, get another pillow that I hold onto, set the air conditioner at 69.


'cause don don't wanna be too crazy. And then, and Then you start 69 in your pillow And I'll pee. I will pee right before I go to sleep. And hope don don't have to pee all night. That's my goal is to not have to pee All night. And then what about sleep medication? Be honest. Yep. You take, I'll take a couple. Melatonin Chewy's. Yeah. And then I'll take a, there's a pill from my doctor. It's a, A Xanax? No, no, it's something Ambien. No, it's so light. It's like fucking, it is just basically like, it's like a little queer nugget. I mean, this thing wouldn't, it would barely do Nothing. And then why is it that you think you need to take the melatonin, melatonin and this pill from the doctor?


Wait, stop. Wait three seconds to answer. Think about it. Why do you have to take that in order to, to sleep? Is it a psychological thing? Do you really feel like it really mellows you out? Or do you think that it mellow you Out? I think it mellows me out. Really? And I gotta shut it down. Especially after a show, right? Oh. yeah. Fuck. And right now I am, I think I'm 64 days off of masturbation and 60 days off of porn. 64 days off pornography and se and 57 days off of masturbation. So then you were doing it a lot? Not a lot, but I had done it for countless years. Yeah. Yeah. But back when you were young, even in your forties, you're jerking off all the time. Really?


Yeah. Don't you like to save your cu I mean, yeah, I like to store up for winter or whatever, I guess. I don't know. But it's like I don. Yeah, because if you're Gonna come with a chick, you want a lot to come out. I Don. I don't want her to get crazy. You know, don don't want her to being like, God, we gotta, you know, these, you are ruining the curtains or Whatever. When you have sex with a girl, do you put a condom on or she put it on or she tells you to put it on? Look, if people wanna use a condom, we let 'em use 'em. You know, Who's we what? The I? don Dunno. We are, your Honor, I don Dunno who we are. Okay. Talk to my attorney. Right. And then sometimes you put it in and then they're like, yo, you're having sex with girls without condoms. You're like, oh, what are you talking about? That's fucking right. I don't know what you're talking about. I don know what you're talking about either, bro.


That's crazy dude. That's why this is going a different way. Okay. How long were your parents separated? Do you remember? Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. We're not gonna my fucking parents all of a sudden. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, you Stay on this. We're talking about your fucking, your pillow. Dude, do you remember the first time you ever had sex? Or Wait, wait, Wait, wait. Let's go back to your sleep situation. Okay, we're going back three seconds. I'm laying there. I got all my stuff. Oh. And, and then I'll put stuff in my hair to try and keep my hair healthy. So just like type of copper Foam. There's like a foam you can get online. What About Propa? I take Finasteride pill. I Take Propa. Oh? yeah. You're taking the store bought one? I take the freelance one or whatever. What's the freelance one? It's the one that you can get out the guy's van or whatever down there. Oh wow.


Finasteride. Oh, I should get some of it. Is it a pill? It's the same thing you're taking, it's just the odd generic version. Well, you're rich. Why didn't you get the real Propecia? Yeah, but I'm fucking used to just the all, just the off market. Generic pills. Yeah, generic. What about the generic Cialis? Oh dude, I took the stuff from India for a while. We make my legs sweat. So did generic Cialis or It was just like an Indian Did you take the Cialis or the Viagra? It was just that fucking ramp maker from India. Baby. That thing will fucking good lord son. Really? Oh, you could fucking knit a scarf with that thing. But that thing fucking, yeah. What's It called? That thing? A whistle for a cab baby. That thing. It went, it was a website.


It went under, it was off this gambling site or whatever, but I, I used to get 'em, it would take forever to get the pills. They'd come in this package and they had like, Do you ever get massages? Yeah. Who's your masseuse? You don't have to tell me the guy's name or the girl's name. It's a man. So, Yeah, he comes over to the house with the table. No, no, no. I go to his place. It's off Westwood Boulevard. Why Don't you have him come to your house with the table? I got a guy, dude. Strong as fuck. No, I got a guy. He is great. Dude. Don don't need some guy to come over and touch me, dude. You know I'm saying wait, Touching you at your house is different than touching out of fucking his his facility. Who gives a fuck if You think I'm fucking Protestant or something? Dude, I'm good, bro. Chinese? Yeah. I'd rather, at least then I can leave.


Otherwise I have to tell the guy to, yeah. don don't want some guy touching me at my fucking house, dude. Really? No. Huh? No, dude. Even if He's a professional masseuse. And he just came from David Geffen's house. Dude. A professional masseuse is just some guy that printed something off the internet. Dude. No. I got a guy who's really strong. Really strong. Okay. But how about this? And he comes to my house and he has a table. And he's coming tonight. 'cause I'm flying to Raleigh tomorrow. So I want to get a little deep tissue before, But you tell me this, you say you go look online. We have Nobody don don't look online. Okay. It's don. Don't look online for masseuses. No way. No. I just get it from a referral.


You ask a homie that's like, Hey, do you even give a Oh? yeah. This girl, she's really strong. Da da da. Yeah. And you ask someone, you just get it that way. You're right. I got a strong guy coming to the house. Okay. Okay. You win. Dude. Look, I look, I like going to see this guy. I will say this. My guy. Where's your House? Where do you live? I live in Nashville, but in, no, out Here. Westwood. So You have a place out in Westwood? I Have an apartment in Westwood. Yeah. Huh. Okay, I'll send in your house for me. I'll buy your ma I'll buy a masseuses for you. Okay. I'll buy the masseuses for you and then go do it. And then tell me if you fucking like it. Okay. And he is strong as fuck. Is he? Very strong? I Want very strong. I want somebody who just, Yeah, no, he'll get in there. He's fucking good dude. Okay. Yeah.


I'll do that. Yeah. For my present. For you Really? Because at the Really? Yes. 'cause at the end of the day, you're up there on stage, you're traveling, you're making people laugh. You gotta take care of your shoulders. What about the spa? You go to the Russian bathhouse or, But I do start getting steam room now. I do do that. Yeah. So the Korean spa, I do start getting steam room now. And it's good. I want you Yesterday. Yeah. You have to. I didn't realize I needed to take care of myself. Dude. I do all the time. I go five days a week. Fuck. I didn't know that. So dude, I, I fucking, it killed me dude. My hair got d all kind of stuff. 'cause I wasn't taking care of myself. I just didn't know. Yes. And in Vegas there's a place called Imperial Spa. Oh, I've heard of that. Yeah. And it's good.


It's a, it's Korean spa. But also there's all those spas in the coal plunge and all that shit. Yeah. You gotta do that. I got a coal plunge at home. My friend makes a good coal plunge and he gave me one as a gift. And he was my first sponsor ever on my podcast. He used to own a pizza place here. Oh wow. My friend Thomas, and he used to run a place called Gray Block Pizza. And then he moved to Bend Oregon and started making Cold plunges. Cold plunges. Yeah. Out there with his buddies. Beautiful. Yeah. 'cause it's all about sweating. What about the workout? What do you do with that? I get a trainer. Yeah. Like get two days a week and then I'll go myself probably one or two days a week. I'll do a little bit of yoga too. Stretch lab. Do you go to get stretched? No, I do my own yoga. That's good.


Chiropractor. No, but I need to go this morning I was looking at myself. I was like, Jesus, I got A good chiropractor out here too. Really, really Good. Yeah. I was looking at my body in the mirror. I was like, Jesus, what is that? You crooked. You know? It just seemed like It was like fucking, like It was like, Yeah, you gotta about something. That shit. My whole, my whole body book just wasn't Sure. And dude, you know what? I'm like 10 years older than you. Yeah. So it's like, you know, this is the age where you gotta start really doing it. Stretching. Yeah. That's the more most important thing. And sweating. Yeah. Yeah. Do it all. Yeah. I'm starting to learn a little bit more of that. Now you can only get kind of so famous, right? Like fame is different now. It feels like everybody's pretty popular. Kind of. It's like everybody is. Yeah. Because there's so much See stuff to see quickly.


It used to be you had to go see a movie and then those people would be famous. But now in the time it would take you to watch a movie, you can look at 200 different people and all of 'em have a level of achievement to you. Do you feel like you got fame at like the best time? Mm. Yeah. I mean, I was, it was, I think it was the last great, yeah. Decade of it. I mean, if you look at the sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties, that was all kind of similar. And then once reality, reality shows hit, you know, the real world. I think that was like the first reality show, which was in like in the mid nineties. Yeah. I think that's when things got fucked up. Yeah. But yeah, no, it was, you know, it was Pretty, yeah. That's so crazy.


You Know, like, did you ever get to party with like Michael Jackson? No, I met him once. You did? Yeah, I met him once, but it wasn't like we hung out. It was just like a hi type thing. But I mean, back in the MTV days, I met a lot of, you know. But Do you remember the sound of his voice or anything, or? No. Hi. Hi. What's going on? Hi Pauly. I like your music video show. It's very Cute. Really? Yeah. Thanks. He was fucking amazing. Yeah. Oh, I mean, God. Yeah. He was like, had you meeting him? You know, you look at guys like Bruno Mars, super talented. Right? But not Michael Jackson. Yeah. Or Prince. You know, these guys were like, you know, another level. Yeah. And They had a level of mystery and It was like, yeah.


But Yeah, there was just so much don Don't know. But also MTV was was was the biggest thing. Thing in the world. Biggest thing in the world. Yeah. It was the biggest thing in the world. And that was kinda like, it Was the only thing between The kids watched. Yeah. Yeah. The, oh, you're watching MTV come over. Let's watch mtv. Yeah, Let's watch Mtv. Crazy. Remember TRL Oh. yeah. Total Request Live. Yeah. And who was the host on it? Carson. Daley. Yeah. Carson Daley, dude. Yeah. And he would, he'd toss to like Britney Spears or Korn Limp Bizkit. You know Wyclef? Yeah. This was like one of the last great eras here. Wow. Britney Spears. Did you ever get to party with her? Not really, no.


Not really. She's in her own thing. She did steal my table recently in Las. Vegas. Oh, she showed up at a club. She, oh no. I was having dinner at Catch in Vegas over at the Aria. And. I went to the bathroom and then she fucking, I guess she hit some security guy and then he went, she went in and then I come back to my fucking table and she's sitting in my table by herself. No, she's with her boyfriend. Or husband or you know, look at this right here. She keeps getting different husbands or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. So look, she touches this guy and the security hits her in the face. Wow. Yeah.


Like smoke face Amy, one more time. And then she runs into the catch. And. I didn't care. You know what I mean? It's not like I'm get out of my table. But She ran into Catch 'cause she was probably embarrassed. Yeah. And she went in there. And I was like, all right, just gimme my fanny pack. You can have the table. I don't care. And did she say anything or No? She said Sorry. It's all good. It wasn't a big deal. Was she? How did she seem? Okay. She seemed buzzed. Yeah. You know, but she's from where you're from. Oh Dude. You can get buzzed down there, right? Oh, just looking at your cousin. Yeah. Get you hard or not hard buzzed, I meant, Yeah, no, I know. Down Louisiana.


There's no comedy clubs in Louisiana. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Do you remember there used to be the Baton Rouge Funny Bone. Did you ever go to it? Yes, bro. That place had a strip club across the street. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We used to do comedy down there back in the day. I played a lot of clubs back there back in the Nineties. New Orleans didn't even have a club. The what? New Orleans doesn't have a comedy club. This is where it was. Oh, across the street. Oh wow. Right there. That was it. Wow. The Funny Bone Baby. Baton Rouge Funny Bone and Rest in peace. Is that the Strip club? The penthouse. That's Hilarious. Yeah, that was it. Oh my God. Jesus Bennington Nav baby. That's where I got my start.


Right over there. Yeah. And then, yeah, dude, what happened to me? I went to the store. I was on the porch one time, right. Getting a beer. I was just coming out here and Tommy comes out and he is like, well, well haven't seen you in a while. Right. And bro, I'd never been there. I think he had me confused with Somebody. Oh, that's fucking hilarious. He's like, why don't you come in tomorrow? I'll give you a spot. Right. Like, alright, fuck. What year was this? Shit? I don't even know. 2017 maybe? Mm. No. No. That's insane. No, 2007 that. Yeah. Yeah. Year. Sorry dude. What's the fuck?


17. My calendar's broken. Pauly. Shore. Yeah. Man, I'm glad we got to sit down finally. Me Too. I want to ha, I would love to talk again about, we'll talk about the relationship stuff one day. Yeah. 'cause I think we're similar. Yeah. There's like a lot. It's tough. You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, and there's also something nice about being alone, you know, and having that space. Yeah. And that grows over time too. Mm. Yeah. You know, and, and you always, you know, you always get people asking the same thing, which is what you ask me, do you want kids? And there's like a long pause and like with the right situation, I think I would, yeah. And I'd be a good dad. I know I'd be a good dad. And everyone says that to me.


Yeah. You know? 'cause I love my, and not to compare my dog to a kid, but I treat my dog great. And I, love being with 'em. And. I feel like it's my kid. Yeah. You know? So. Yeah. And then also another thing is like, my parents are deceased. And I don't have that. So it's like, you know, do. Right. So you start a new life, you know? 'cause I'm an orphan, you know? You know. Yeah. And, and And, I wanna, you know, start a new life and look at my next 20, 30 years, And I. Think it would be cool to have a kid, you know? Yeah. But again, like it's gotta be the, you know, It's gotta make 'em laugh. Dude, that would be cool. Yeah. Make your kid laugh all the time. Or what if they don't even laugh at your jokes and you're like, damn, my kids hilarious. That'd even funnier. That would be fucking funnier.


Gosh. But Yeah, it would be really nice, man. It would be really, really nice. It's tough though, 'cause I think as a comedian, part of you is still a kid in, in some ways, you know? I think it's a part of that that we don't let go of. And it's so for some of us, or for me for sure, it's, Is your parents still with us? It's Tough to evolve. Yeah. My mother's still alive. And your dad And my dad is dead, but he'd be alive if he could. And then you have brothers and sisters. Yeah. I got three brothers and sisters. They've all had children. Wow. Or two of them have Had kids. Okay. So how's that? So there's been kids. It's fun being uncle's. Great. So then, yeah, I saw you on your Instagram when you weren't home with them. Yeah, yeah. We had a blast. Do you, do you have nieces and nephews? Yes, I do. Oh good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Peter has some children. Yep. Oh, that's cool.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So yeah, we'll see. It's cool. We'll see. But anyways, it's Possible. Pauly. Shore. Sure man. Appreciate. Thank you so much, dude. I really appreciate It. Yeah. Can I plug my stuff real quick? Yeah, Let's do it. And we'll plug it at the beginning for you too. What is it? It's my podcast. It's called The PMS. Podcast Show. Love to have you on it. It's over at Jam in the Van Oh. yeah. Over there. Awesome. Awesome. And then I have my one man show called Stick. With. The Dancing. Which is in the Richard Simmons biopic. Of course, we're gonna be doing that as well. So That video is so impressive if you haven't gotten a chance to see it. We played a little bit of it here, but Court gesture. Yeah. God, it's amazing, dude. Thank you. Yeah. And best of that's cool, man. Congratulations dude, on staying creative and just on your propensity to be hopeful and positive for other people.


That's really, it's a nice gift to have, you know? Yeah. And then also, just so you know, I didn't say this, but we sleep the same, I do the same thing. Pillow between my legs, 69 degrees, shit in my hair, stuff on my eyes, you know? Yeah. Semen in my, you know, right here. That's good. You forgot that. Chinese. Chinese later deuce The breeze. And. I. Feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of my, I can feel it.


So.