
I got a few tour Dates to tell you about. Wallingford Connecticut, Portland Maine, Bangor Maine, Moncton, Canada, Las, Vegas, Nevada will be back for the U-S-C-L-S-U football weekend. Oklahoma City, Northern Little Rock, Springfield, Missouri, Kansas City, Missouri, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, LA Cross, Wisconsin, green Bay, Wisconsin, Moline, Illinois. You can get tickets for those at Theo Von dot com slash TOU. Thank you so much for your support. Thanks for tuning in. Today's episodes are regarding the conflict in Israel and Palestine.


I've heard a lot about this issue. And I wanted to deepen my own understanding. I recognize that this is a sensitive topic, but the only way to truly learn is to seek knowledge. I decided to have guests from both sides of the aisle, if you will, to help me learn by sharing their views. I did this in separate episodes because I'm not a debate moderator. And I chose guests who I thought would share their views sincerely, And, I. Think both of them did. I'm very thankful to have the opportunity to learn, which is something that they don't even have in some countries. Today's guest is a comedian who was born in Egypt and now lives here in America. He's also a political commentator, writer and a former medical surgeon.


He's been called the John Stewart of the Arab world and has been pretty vocal about the Israel Palestine conflict for years. You may have seen his viral appearance on Pi Morgan. We're gonna talk about that and a lot more. I'm very grateful for his time. Today's guest is Bassen, Seth. I And. I.


Baim. ef. Yes. That's how you say it. Baim? No, Baim. Baim. Baim. Oh. yeah. It's softer. Baim. Oh, Baim. Baim. Yeah. Your student special at the Wiltern? Yes. On October 4th. Yes. Okay. Yes. And what kind of like, so your audience, is it predominantly 'cause you're Egyptian? Yes. And is your audience mostly like Egyptian folks, or does all Middle Eastern people come out and support a Middle Eastern comedian? Mostly brown people. 60% Arabs, sometimes 50%. And then maybe 20% like Indian Pakistanis. And then the rest are white. Yeah. So I get like between 20 to 30% white people. And, I.


But it's different from each state, from each show. So it's, it's, it's been quite the right to be honest. Yeah. You've been only, you, you've been doing comedy 'cause you were a surgeon, a heart surgeon. Yeah. You're a heart surgeon. Yeah. That's crazy, bro. Hey, why would you stop doing that? Why would you No, why do it? Because medicine is terrible. It's a thankless job. Is it? Yes. I I spent 19 years of my life in medicine, 19 years of my life. And I, I saved my, my, my show. I mean, you do that because that's what's expected of you in the Middle East. In the Middle East, you're expected to be one of three things. A doctor, an engineer, or a disappointment. So I didn't wanna disappoint my parents, so I did my, I I went into medicine.


And, I. Went there for 19 years. I didn't have any kind of aspirations. It was like, what do you wanna do? I'm just gonna do the regular stuff. I didn't, I I wasn't the guy who's cracking jokes in class or anything. Really? No, Nothing. A regular guy. Just a regular boring guy. Really. Just a boring guy. Very boring. And then, so how do you realize you're able to be a comedian then? 'cause that's kind of, I didn't, you didn't think at all when you were a kid? I, I didn't, I didn't. Revolution happened in Egypt. 2011. And I just happened to be like a regular odd fan for, for John Stewart. And I. So I watched John Stewart for years. And I had this dream of maybe I'll be a writer on a similar show in Egypt.


So when the revolution happened, And I saw the kind of crazy stuff that they've been showing on television. So it's like the, the craziest conspiracy theories ever. And that was a revolution in Egypt. Yes. So, so the state social media was running all kind of crazy stuff. So I started doing YouTube videos, making fun of it. Yeah. Blew up. And in that, in two weeks, I had millions of views on my YouTube channel that I just opened. I didn't even have an, a YouTube channel before that. And then suddenly every single platform, every single television station won me on the show. Wow. And now as a, now do a show, so I did a show out of nothing.


And I hired people who was not in the business, people who are like amateurs like me. And it became the biggest show in, in the Middle East. And I had 40 million people watching each episode. Oh. And so how does that end? So did you just Oh, I was get kicked out. I had my show canceled a couple of times. I had even the signal, the satellite signal jammed a couple of times. I had lawsuits, I had shows shut down. People threatened around me. I was threatened. And then I, by both three regimes I had, I went through three different regimes. Oh, wow. Military, Islamist military. And then they, they, they both hated me. And that point, it's you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When you, when when you, when you make fun of people and everybody hates It was like, okay, I think you're doing the right thing.


And I couldn't do the show anymore. So I escaped. I left Egypt 2014. I came here into a very dark era. I didn't know, you know, you remember like, I was everything. And then I came here and I'm nothing, nobody. And it was humbling because I thought, Hey, I have a good story. I'm a doctor. I did comedy. I should come here and Hollywood should open its door. Nothing. Nobody cares about you like, yeah. You are great in Egypt. Now we don't know what to do with you here. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. I think it's gotta be a big transfer. I think that's scary. That would have to be one of the scariest things, I think, for a comic is going to another Yeah. Country. Because the entire template of everything is different. Like the, the pentameter of what's funny, like Yes.


Things that people know and don't know, reference all of that. And then you're in a whole new space and Hollywood does not care really. You show, show Up, they, they don't care. It Doesn't matter. And you have to understand, I was even a comedian who changed. I just been there for three years. I just left medicine, did a show out of nothing. Became successful. So I, I only had two, three years under my belt coming to America. Oh. yeah. You're not as an, as a comedian in Arabic. Yeah. So I come here, so I I, I started doing standup comedy. And I sucked so bad. Oh. Because it's my second language. And also I did, it's not just the language, it's the rhythm. Yeah. The music. Each language has its pauses, its rhythm, its cadence.


And, I. I, I would write stuff that would be intelligent, but I wouldn't deliver it. Right. So I went into the years of darkness and humiliation. And, and that was here in the us That's when you first started standup? Yes. Wow. What was your first set at here? I, I did, I did something in Oh, the improv, like open mic and And I was terrible. And I did a few open my mics and then I, I, but, but here's the thing, here's the trick. What helped me is that I, I was someone with a good story. So I didn't go into comedy. The whole, the, the first all all like right away, I will not speak series.


I'm a guy. I came from the revolution Egypt. So I won't go to talk to universities. And so like a talk A talk, that's better. And then with that talk, I would put jokes. And then I was like, oh, I have a five minutes. Let me try it. And then I suck. It's like, no, that's not the five minutes. Now I have, now I have two minutes. Yeah, Yeah. Two minutes. So I would go back and forth, back and forth back. And, I went, went for years. And when Covid hit, I still went on the road because I needed to have any time I can get. So I would go And I would play for five people. Wow. Six people. And it was funny that people knew me from Egypt, from my, my own country. Arabs and Egyptians would know me. It's like, and they was so mu see my names like, oh, we have to come and see Bassy mif now in their mind is this guy with this huge show.


And they come and I'm a struggling comedian. And I would see it on their faces. Oh. They would say, oh, too bad. Bassy Mu is a husband. Maybe he'll be driving an Uber in three months. Yeah. Maybe this is how he'd make his money. So it's, it was very humiliating for me. And then two years ago, something happened, started to fill in spaces. And I places have kind of a few sold out shows and it went well. And last year I was actually talking about shooting my special. Already I was having interest. And then October 7th happened, and then I blew up because of p Morgan. Then more people came to me. But here's the thing, when I was complaining about not not having enough people coming to me, I wasn't ready yet.


Oh. yeah. After October 7th. Now everybody knew who I am. Yeah. So they came to my show. And you Were a little more prepared. If I was, if that, if the p Morgan thing happened, if the, the two years earlier two years, I wouldn't be good enough and people would come and get disappointed. Yeah. So that I, it, I I think I took my time. And I. Think I'm grateful for that. Yeah. It's funny you said about like your time and how it, like you think you have, I remember when I first thought I had like five minutes, I'd be like, I'm guys, I'm doing, I got five minutes. You know, calm down. But then you realize if you have five minutes, you really only have like two minutes, you know? Yes. It's like when it really, when you cook the fat down and, and kind of figure things out. Hmm. Yeah. That Pi Morgan thing was huge for you.


Yes. That was huge. Came out of nothing. Yeah. It came out of nowhere. A comedian friend of mine, Amir Kay Yeah. Connected us. And he works with me a lot on the road. And this was absolutely it. This was just so funny and insightful and ridiculous. Yes. Did you know it would have that big of a impact? No. It has 22 million views. Yes. Yeah. That's, I went into that And I was warned by everyone that I know that not to go on the show. Yeah. Because at the time with October 7th, there was a certain story and a certain perception, and no one was allowed to talk outside of the perception. It was all one sided.


And my wife is half Palestinian and her family in, many of them are in Gaza. Oh. And, and they were bombed and, and she lost many of her family members all through the years. But it became so natural that Gaza gets, gets bombed that it's, it's, it's crazy that this is a part of their life. So we don't even talk about it. Right. It's like, yeah, we don't, we don't, I don't even hear anyone about anybody of her family until bomb. Right. That goes on. And that's not just like the last eight months. I'm talking about like years. So when that happened, And I saw, there's, this is one sided. And our, my side of the story is not being allowed to talk, but nobody's is willing to listen because everybody was hysterical.


So when he went there, And I said like, how's everybody, how's your family? It was like, well, I know I tried to kill my wife, but she's using my kids as human shields, so I use the same stuff Yeah. That they're using. Because it, the, the way that they were justifying the continuous attack was ridiculous. One of them was by Ben Shapiro and even DeSantis. He said, well, you know, the Israel warns Palestinians before bombing them. It's like, oh my God. How cute. Yeah. How, wow. Wow, wow. So, so like, if, so if Putin warns Ukrainians, it's okay for Putin to bomb Ukraine because as long as you warn them, that's fine. And, I, And I, And I find It was like, they And I, And I thought like, I think Israel became so effective of warning them that they actually be like, warn them ahead of their funeral.


They actually been sending flowers to the funeral. It's like, we're very sorry for your upcoming loss. We are gonna be there in 10. I mean, it's like, It's like, are you guys gaslighting us? And and then, and then And I was hearing, oh, there's so many babies we kill, but we cannot help it. What do you mean? If you are the most funded, most advanced, most trained, most supported military in the Middle East, and you can't help killing babies, maybe you can stick to your day job. Yeah. Maybe genocide is not the hobby for you. It's just this the, so it kind of like drew it, it was for me. It, the, the, the justification just drove me crazy.


So I took every single element that they were taking And I just regurgitated back to them. Right. And I said, so what should Israel do? It's like exactly what they kill more people. Why not kill more? Kill more? Because the whole idea, if you talk about ceasefire of be stopping the killing, you have all kind of of arguments not to. So, alright, let's do whatever you want, guys. Yeah. And then show them how ridiculous. Because this is what comedy does. Comedy Like that is the job of comedy. Comedy doesn't counteract. It's like, all right, let, let's see, let's see your idea and let's multiply by a hundred. Yeah. And see how that feels. Because it's, it is funny how the most crazy question that they asked me, remember that, Theo, what's the proportion response? What's the proportion?


How many dead bodies can we get away with? Yeah. What's an evil, what, what makes things fair? What, What, what, what's, what's a good number to kill? Yeah. It's like, I find it very interesting how the media suddenly is interested in calculus. It's Like, if one Haas rocket equals 10 Israeli strikes, how many funerals can we plan for next week? What is this? What is this? Are Are there people in Gaza that are consuming your content, that are able, that, do you think it's bringing some relief? 'cause it, I can only imagine If they have some internet. Right. Because you understand Gaza is basically, it's sealed off. Okay. Even before October 7th for forever.


I, I love it how he was just like, ah, we left Gaza. We don't, we are not occupying Gaza anymore. Yes. But you're making an embargo of sea and water and land and No, you cannot get to give five calories inside without going through the checkpoint. So it is, it is fine. It was like, we are not, we're not occupying you, but we are locking you from the outside. Yeah. So when they get internet, right. Sometimes they do And, I get a lot of people supporting. And And I, And I. And someone sent me a video, it made me cry in the middle after I like a bombing. They were like sitting kids and they were playing my, my video, somebody downloaded and they blamed my video on like an old television in the rubble. Mm. And that, that made me cry.


Oh. So yeah. Just so me, my listeners now, 'cause a lot of us, we are curious about Israel and Palestine. You hear about it all the time. Right. But some of us, we don't even know like, like what's going on there? Yeah. You know, because also a lot of the news you get, you're like, is this news even accurate? You know, like what filters is the news going through? So yeah. What do you feel like is happening in between Israel and Palestine? What do you think is happening in Gaza? Is that the question? Oh? yeah. It is a, it's a very complicated question. Here is the question of the century. What's happening there? Well, I don't wanna talk about October 7th, not just now, because I don't, because things didn't start on October 7th. Yes.


There is a country called Palestine that's been there. And in this piece of land, many people have went in and out, had kingdoms, have empires, have states. And they were like any, any other place in the world. Right? Yeah. So very recently, And I will take, as recently as like 150 years, there was a promise by the Jewish people in Europe to have a national state or a, a home in Palestine. Which was very weird because if those, most of those Jews were in Europe and they were persecuted by people in Europe, even before Hitler, there was rims all over.


And there was like a, there were What? All over po Po rims, like, kind of like mini Holocaust where they would like go persecute them and they would like displace them. The, the many, most Jews in Europe didn't have a good life in Europe, especially in Eastern Europe. Especially in Ukraine and Russia. And didn't know that. And yeah, they have pilgrims. It's called pilgrims all over. They have been pilgrims, pilgrims, Pilgrim. P-O-G-R-O-M-S. Yeah. Pilgrim right here. An organized massacre of a particular ethnic group. Yes. In particular that of Jewish people in Russia or Eastern Europe, which you just said. So They have been treated quite nasty in Europe for so many reasons. Many, many of them can actually track it back to the whole sin of Jews killing Jesus.


And since then, the Catholic church in Europe and many Christians job have really dealt with Jewish people in a horrible way. Yeah. Well, and you should have killed somebody else, I think, because they're gonna hold that against you. Some people, some people are Yes. You should have killed whoever else was there. Yes, exactly. Or not Jesus. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know. I don't even know who did or where it was. Was it like a mur one of those like No, no murder mystery dinners or something like that? No, because like he, it was the new religion and then there was the whole idea about like Jewish pushing the Roman ruler to, to crucify Jews. But that's, that doesn't matter because you shouldn't kill anybody before the, the sins of their parents. I know. Yeah. But anyways, for, But they picked the wrong guy.


Yeah. I mean, they pick pick the son of God. Yeah. Now I also, but if you're gonna aim, you wanna, you gonna aim him, you gotta aim high. Can you imagine if like they're going with Jesus and then somebody's like, Hey, he's been made Guys, he's a made man, he's a made man. He, he is the made man. Let's kill the other. Let's get this other guy. So for years and years, it's not going well for them. And then after First War one, there was a promise by the British government to the Jews to establish a home in Palestine. Why did they pick Palestine? Exactly? Why? Was there other options that they could have chose? Yes. There was Argentina, Madagascar and Uganda.


Ooh. As a matter of fact, the British government gave the Jewish people about 8,000 acres in Uganda in order to start a room. But it was difficult for the, the Jewish Council at the time, or the Zionist council at the time, to bring people to go to Uganda or to Arg It was like, no, the only way that we can do it is to send them to Palestine because it's the holy land. It's the Promised land. So, So did they choose Palestine or the British people or, 'cause this was after World War I, It was like Britain and America. Yeah. In 1917, there's something called the Belfor Declaration, which is the, he was one of the British government who said, we can give you the state of Palestine as your homeland.


Okay. But before Up Nick, before, before 1917, it was, there were many, yeah. Belfor declaration. The Belfor declaration was the public statement issued by the British government in 1917 during the First World War announcing its support of the establishment of a national home for the Jewish people in Palestine, then an Ottoman region with a small minority of Jewish population. See, I, I like, I like your fact checking everything and it's coming. Great. Well, I just, this is good. 'cause I, I'm, I, I always wonder some little things, And I know little things, but don don't know enough. But before 1917, there was other trials with other options between, between the, for the countries. I told you. And you know, what's the kicker? That's funny. Many, all the Orthodox Jewish rabbis objected for Palestine to be the homeland, because in their Jewish faith, we cannot have a land for Israel until the Messiah, the real Messiah.


Because they don't believe in Jesus. They, their Messiah would come. Mm. So they were a huge opposition for having a land of Israel In Palestine? In Palestine. Because it was a, yeah, because it was a Because it was not reli. It, it was not the time yet. It should, we should wait until dub miciah the to come. And then that will create the land of Israel. Oh, I see. So wherever the Messiah sewed up, that would be the land of Israel. But The secular Zionist at the time, they said like, okay, how about like, we, we build the land and that will force him to come. Yeah. So kind of like build it and they will come. How about that? So you understand like, Yeah, like have like field of dreams kind of. So be, because here's the thing, because many of the people who talk about like Israelis being like a biblical promise, even they were not having a consensus of what, where should we, we have, so whoever tells you, oh, it's consensus, it's divine.


No, they even had problems deciding. So anyways, and at that time, there, in especially 1930s after war, Hitler came to power. There were like droves and droves and droves of Jewish Germans and Jewish Polish people, and Jewish Russian. They were like having, they went onto refugee boats and they came to Palestine. And you know why? Because they were not granted visas by the United States. They were not granted visas by other European countries. So Wow. So a lot of Jewish, like German Jews, Polish Jews, they weren't granted visas by the West, by the West, but they were by Palestine. And, and Palestinians didn't have anything because it was a mandate by the British. They were occupying that land, but they were Palestinian people.


So this became the myth of a land with no people to the people with no land. And if you actually, if you actually find that, you will actually find that thing. This was one of them myth, a land with no people to the people with no land. So they will tell people, Hey, there was no people living there. So it is ours, it is just a desert. But it was never a desert. There were like more than 1.2 million Palestinians living in that area, piece of land before The Balfour declaration be, be Before the platform declaration. Then the Jewish people coming in. And then those, many of those Jewish, European residents started to form militias and armed gangs.


The, like, the Haganah, the gon the Stein. And Now were these Jewish people that had just been like rescued from World War, from the Nazi Germany. From Nazi Germany, yes. Okay. 1930s, all the way to Second World War. So they started to move to Palestine. Yes. Which is now Palestine and Israel, what was it called at that point? It was all called Palestine. Palestine. Palestine. Even after Israel was given the land, It was after giving the promise, the promise, because if you read it, it was giving a promise to make the land in the land of Palestine. I see. So even, even many of those Israelis had Palestinian passports. So the land was called Palestine, and there were Palestinian people living there. 1.2 million. At least fast forward.


I'm, I'm, I'm not gonna go into so many details. Now. Fast forward 19 48, 19 47, 48, there was like a, there was like many wars happening, many wars happening, many, many attacks between the Palestinian and the Jews. Because the Palestinians said like, you're coming from Europe and you're taking our land. It's like, no, this is our biblical land now. Now it's, it's ours. And those Jews were like, supported pretty much by the British and the American, you think there's like, oh, we don't, we don't want them back. So take all the weapons and stay there. So, and then they, there were a declaration, a un declaration, a partitions called a partition, 1947. And they gave the Jews who were less than 30% more than half of the land.


Okay. And they gave the Jew, the Palestinians, who were much more like 45, 40 9%. And who did, who was helping dictate that? Who was helping not dictate it, but who was helping, like facilitate it? Well, After first, second World War, after 1945, the, the British and the Americans were like kind of the word superpower, right? So they were, he at the time, I think They were running the chess board. I, I think it was Truman. It was Truman in power who basically pushed for, and there's like a video, black and white video for he Henry Truman describing like, we were trying to please everybody. But it was difficult because we were putting them people into other people land. And it's there in black and white. Right? So, so that, I'm, why I'm telling, giving this, because the, yeah.


The, these ideas see form President Henry Truman talks about generic power in the Middle East. It is just like, if you watch them, especially the one in the ma in front of the map. Yeah. The one in front of the map, The, the two on the front of the map, you know, Lloyd Anderson was one of 'em. Yeah. We had several other people in the country, even among the Jews, the Zionists particularly, who were against anything that was to be done if they couldn't have the whole of Palestine and everything handed to 'em on a silver plate. So they wouldn't have to do anything. It couldn't be done. We had to take it in small doses. You can't move five or 6 million people out of a country and fill it up with five or 6 million more and expect both sets of 'em to be pleased.


We had all sorts of, so, So you see, I, I'm, and I'm, I'm, I'm really talking about this because if you wanna talk about October 7th, you need talk about the basis. Yeah. 'cause they will always get like a point of time. The basis of this, this was a land of Palestinian people, people from Europe came in and they, they started to import other Jews from the other p parts of Arab countries. And they said, this is our land now for whatever biblical reason, whatever be, because this is, doesn't make any sense. This is like me coming into your podcast studio. So like, Hey, my fortune cookie told me that this is mine now, and I'm allowed to kill you. Yeah. I don't care about what your Bible or Torah or Quran tells you. If you have a, a holy scripture, good for you.


Yeah. But that doesn't dictate political decision that can affect the lives of other people in the region. So this is exactly what happened. Mm. And what drives me crazy is that we hear the whole idea about like, the chosen people who, or the chosen people or the chosen people. Okay, fine. You think you're chosen people, good for you. Everybody think they're chosen Christian, think they're chosen Muslim, think they're chosen. But what drives him crazy is the Christian Zionist, the pro-Israel, Christian Zionist, who say that they are chosen that, that the c that the Jews are chosen And. I'm sorry to say, isn't Jesus your guy? Are you in an open relationship? He Was. Yeah. He was. Are you in an open relationship? Like how come you believe in a, in a, in a religion, in an a god, in a doctorate, but you believe that other people from another religion are chosen over you?


Don't you feel unchosen? Right? I mean, this is like a, like a religious polygamy, right? Like, are you, are you cheating on Jesus? Is this some sort of a religious form? It doesn't make any sense. And I don't, and I'm sick, tired of this whole idea about chosen people. What does it mean to be chosen? Do you have a bottle service? Yeah. Do you have like a VIP lounge access? Are you like in a waterfront condos and we are like, back in that purgatory in our city. Like it share it. It's a great advertising. Right? I know it's really great advertising. If you just say you're the chosen people, how did that term come about? I wonder. It, it, it was, it, it was in their bible, in their, in their Torah. But it's fine because everybody think they're chosen. Everybody wants to think they're Chosen. That is the driving force of faith, right? That I'm the only one on heaven and everybody's gonna go to hell.


Yeah. But I don't understand if they're saying thing that they're chosen, why the Christian Zionists believe that. So what is a Zionist? A Zionist. Okay. There's a Zionist. They would want you to believe that the Zionist simply believe that having a national statehood for Jewish people. But that's more than that. Zionist is a, a, A Are Zionists Jewish or are they No, not necessarily. Because you can be Zionist and, and still Christian. Okay. Or, or Zionists or an atheist. Because many of those, of the pros, I was, that's why I don't say Jews. I don't say, but I say pro Zionist or poor Israel. Okay. Because that, because many of the people in Congress are Christians and they just like believe in the, in, in Zionism and Zionism here, as we believe it, from a, from an Arab perspective, it is a colonial settling idea of ideology that is based on cleansing the whole group of people outta their land.


And you coming into, if you wanna have like a national state, that's fine, but you understand they are building it on the state of other people. You're coming in and you're doing it. And just to give you a very, very small snippet of the magnitude of what happened, 1948, 15th of May, the day that Israel declared independence. On that day, overnight, 750,000 Palestinians, three quarter of a million were displaced. Overnight. Overnight displaced from their village, displaced from their homes, displaced of their cities. They were killing, raping, they were burning all kind of thing. And you have documentaries where Israeli soldiers, they talk braggingly talk about like the atrocities that they did and the rape and the women that they raped, and all of that happened.


And was that, Yeah. So this is a perfect example. Okay? You see, this is 1946 Palestine. This is all Palestine with a little of like Jewish spots here and there. And this is the un partition. Suddenly the un gave all of that white space to, to, to, to Israel. So the Palestinians are like, wait a minute, that's that, that doesn't work. But how were they, how were they, how were they lobbying? Like the un is the un the group that was doing? No, No, but but you have to understand like un has no power. Okay, got it. Who Has the power? America and in England, you, you understand that Un now or security America. America runs the world. Right? So America is the superpower, especially after second World War.


They're the strongest country. They're s Strongest they've Ever been. They, they're just like B bomb, like to drop two nuclear weapons, four bombs, Oh. yeah. So they, They had women playing baseball at That time. And, and you have even Henry Truman's like, we tried, but like, we're trying to do it, but it's difficult. But it's hard. So this is, you see, you see how it went from here to here in less than 50 years, how now the Palestinian state, quote unquote state started to get very small, have become just like islands and islands and islands. And they, so you had 1.2 million. Now you have, you see this little green thing. You have more than 5 million Palestinians living there crushed into these listening across cramps, GA Gaza, which is the little strip on the side.


It has 2.2 million people. And those 2.2 million people were not born on Gaza. More than three quarter of them came from outside. But they were pushing them, pushing and pushing. So we understand this is, this is the state now. So, so what the basis of all of this is occupation. I see. That's why when they tell you does Israel has the right to defend itself. And people say the un occupying force has no right to defend itself as against the people that they occupy. This is, wait, say that again to me, Baan. So if, if you are an occupying force, you have no right to defend yourself because you cannot, it's like, does the Nazi Germany has a right to defend itself against the French resistance. You can't, you went into their country, right? With might and with force and with military, you occupy them, you get them.


And this is why And I wanna tell you, well, how come they, if you did October 7th, you should expect that well before October 7th. It's been going on and on on every single day, A Palestinian wake up in the morning and an Israeli soldier or Israeli settle can go into their house, burn their house, take their house, kill them, take them as hostages, put them in prison, say that they're terrorists and they don't, before it would a lot of people talk about the Israeli hostages. You understand? But before October 7th, there are 5,000 Palestinian hostages in prisons. One of every five Palestinian has been put in jail. You understand? So put that in perspective, America has 330 million people.


Yeah. So, so imagine Some people are missing Now, how many people are missing? 300? So imagine, if, imagine, imagine out of those, about 65 million Americans is in jail. Wow. Right? Now, this is the reality of Palestinians. So at a certain point, if I'm talking to people who are listening to us, now, you have a farm, you have a land, you have, you have your, your, your, your cows, your hurdle, your family. Imagine for 8 75 years, your house has no privacy. Your your, your family has no sanctity. Yeah. You can't go to sleep knowing that you're gonna wake up and your house will be yours in the morning. You go in, people take them being pushed out.


They take their land at a certain point you have to break. Yeah. You have to snap. So You're saying that what happened on October 7th is just a buildup of a long series of things. That's just a Pinpoint. And it's, and it's not new. I know a lot of people say, like, I'll give an example, 2014. Exactly. 10 years ago in Gaza, 2,200 Palestinians were killed. Dead. 500 children killed. Oh, there was no October 7th. You understand there was no October 7th. Right. But they go in because it And I gave this example to Chris Cuomo once, it's like Israel is like Palestine, Gaza, and, and West Bank is like a small fishbowl, and you have the power to go into this fishbowl, and you just like, like kick the, the shit out of those fish anytime you want.


Mm. At a certain point, one fish will be crazy enough suicide enough to jump from the fishbowl and, and bite your, with your pinky. That's October 7th. Yeah. So you go and, oh, I'm gonna destroy. It's already destroyed. Yeah. You're creating piranhas. You, You under, you understand that in, in just eight months, Israel have bombed Gaza more than America has bombed Pakistan, Iraq for eight years. Wow. In eight month, you, you, you, you don't do that. You don't do that. And of course they tell you, oh, it's collateral damage, which crazy. Right? It, it's, oh, those people that died collateral damage. We really wanted to take that tce. But the school got in the way. I mean, the, the geography is very hostile. Every time we kill Hamas, like, just like schools and, and babies come out of nowhere, it, it's like, it's like a, I shouldn't be laughing at this.


I know. I mean, it's dark. Because sometimes I feel that Israel has some sort of a program called No Civilian Left Behind. You know, it's like, it doesn't matter if you are a little kid playing soccer or a Hamas terrorist, you get a piece of the action. It's like, it's you, you underst Yeah. It's like favored nations kind. Yeah. Because I, as an Arab, I have no power. I have, I'm not powerful as the United States. I'm not powerful as Israel. So all I have to do is just like laugh at this. Right. Because that doesn't, that that doesn't work. So back to 1948, they displaced 75, like 750,000 people, and they continued to occupy the land every single day. So You said that in 1948, what was that movement called? And that was just like in one day it kind of happened. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, that is the establishment of the state of Israel.


1948, 15th of May, 1948. Okay. And so when the Israel established itself, and were they, or is Israel able to establish itself by itself? Or did they have to have like, support from Britain and America, or Well, well, It, it, Israel didn't establish itself over one day. Right. I mean, they've been doing there, but like having, like pushing people into it from other countries and, and, and actually they had a lot of support from England and from from America. And, and And, I find it very interesting how that Israelis make, ed made Americans think that terrorism is something that has been invented by Arabs or Muslim. Because if you talk to anybody, terrorism, oh, Arabs Muslim.


You know that the first terrorist attack ever in the Middle East was carried out by Israel. 1946 in July. Israel bombed King David hotel killing 91 British soldiers. 91. That is the fir that is the, and it was led by a stern gang, which is its Shair who's be be later became the prime minister of Israel. So they have been killing people. They have been terrorizing people all through. And then they call Palestinian terror. And when that, so when that one day comes the establishment of Israel as a country, is it like a certain that at that day is there just like a mass where everybody has to move out of this space and this is ours and this is Yours? Yeah. They basically move them into, if you go get back the map, they move them into the West Bank and in and, and Gaza.


Okay. And then in that map that we've been, yeah. And you see the third one? Yeah. Yeah. So now all of the pa Palestinians are into this 1967. We go to war with Israel, PA, Egypt goes to war, get its ass kicked because we had now served messing up big time. And In 1967, Egypt went to war. Yeah. With, with, and then Israel could, with Who? With Palestine. With Israel. With Israel. Israel. With Israel. Israel. And then now, and then after that, Israel could actually completely control the West Bank and in Gaza. I see. So now this is under, so what you could see in all of these green Mark is an occupation. And let me say it again. It's an occupation. Got it. It's a military force that is occupying people. And it is an occupation because of a land that has been disintegrated from this to this.


So was so you're saying that the, it wasn't the, the occupation, it was by force. It was never by like agreement. Yeah. How can you agree to Just, is there a lease? Like what does the lease say? The what? The Lease. The lease. There's no lease when you occupy. What did the lease say in France? It's every Jewish got, When Nancy came in, when Nancy came in and took over your land, you have nothing to say. You have, you have people coming in with the Most Jewish people I know are landlords, you know. So it's like, I I don, I can't imagine they would do this without a lease. Well, if you have an army next to you, why would you need a lease? Oh, I See. You're saying because till today, till today, like you have, go into the internet and find just like Israeli settlers, terrorizing Palestinian farmers, just random thing.


You have like a hundred videos happens every single day. So, and this is why I'm talking, because everybody is focused on this little strip on the Gaza strip. Yeah. But people don't know what is happening in those green scattered. This is happening every single day. Every single day. People, by the way, the, the, the hostages are not 5,000 people any anymore. After October 7th, it's now 12,000 people. 12,000 Palestinians in prisons. Wow. In prisons. So when, when you talk about hostage and, and And, I just want to get people back. October seven, when Hama did this, and I'm not defending Haas, I'm not into any kind of support of any group, but they said, we will release the hostage if you release our hostages, because you have been going into our houses and taking people half of the pe the 5,000 people that I told you.


But half of them are women and children. Wow. Half of them. So, and, and then they, they, and I'll just give you an example because I know what will pe people tell you? Oh. But these are terrorists. I'll give you an example of a terrorist zuko. She's a Palestinian mother. Wait, sorry, we have to say it slower. Zuko. She, she's a Palestinian mother. Her, her, her husband was killed. And then she wrote on Facebook, may God unite us in heaven. The Israeli soul authority considered that as an incitement for terrorism. And they took her and they put her in detention for eight months. Wow. That's the kind of people that they will take you for terrorism. Right. And, and I'm not saying that there is violence, but put yourself in their place.


Your house is being taken, your farms are being burned, your cattle is, is being killed. Your your kids are being taken in front of you. Your, your woman, your husband, your wife may be even raped and taken away and sexually molested. Yeah. How long can you keep going? Because, because, but we want peace. This is not a peace. This is subjugation. So you're saying that over time, it's like a slow devouring of pa of the Palestinian people is kind of what's happened? Yeah. Yeah. It is devouring. It's the, as you said, they devour in the land. They devour their lives. They have, they are dehumanization. And when you, when you fight back, you're called a terrorist. Now, let's go back to October 7th, because this is very important. Okay.


October 7th, Hamas, which is a militant group that is living in Gaza, that has won the election in 26 to to 2006. But they were never allowed to take power because Israel started bombing them. Okay. So Hamas was actually an elected group. Yeah. Okay. Yes. And that when they ran for election, what were they? Were they like, they They were, no, they, they were running as a group. I mean, Hamas was, Hamas is a, they don't like the, the Palestinian authority that was already there. They didn't like 'em. They didn't Like it. Okay. So they, and, and Israel, Netanyahu was so happy with that. And they started to give money to Hamas in order to bolster them and make them stronger. And he said in the Likud party, in the his, in his party, he said, the only way to prevent a Palestinian state is to make the Palestinian factions fighting the whole time.


He said that. I see. So he created a monster. So he, he saw that, so you're saying that Netanyahu's, who is the president of Israel Yeah. Or the Prime Minister. Prime minister, yeah. He saw that. Okay. There's this alternative group, Hamas. Yes. Who that who is causing conflict with the people who are in charge in Palestine. Yes. Yes. And so I'm gonna fund Hamas. Yes. And, and was, I wouldn't say that they were moderate. They would say like, we want to eradicate Israel, whatever. And then they, they kind of revised their charter, but they weren't f fun, like, fun, like fans of each other. But, and did Israel definitely fund them? They, they, you have, you have Netanyahu on tape actually confessing, facilitating their, their support many times.


And you can, you can look it up if you want. Like, it's like, what, what I'm trying, what I'm trying to say is they, they won the election two or two, 2006. And they, Israel didn't like it. And then they started bombing. And then Israel, Who won Hamas, Hama Haas won by 51%. Okay. In Gaza. But then they were like in fighting and it didn't work. And then they, Israel kind of like created even a bigger embargo. And then the, for the past like 20 years, they've just like been go every time. Haas like retaliates Israel retaliates. And they retaliate. And they retaliate. But who has the power? Who has the military mic? It's Israel. At the end of the day, it's militant Oh. yeah. Israel is a superpower. Yeah. So you cannot just like, cry.


Oh, we, we are gonna perish because of a militant group. If we're giving you that money, we, that doesn't work this way. But here's what I want to talk about, which is the most important thing about October 7th, which I find there is like a big failure of the American media. When October 7th happened, everybody was talking about raping women, decapitating children, putting women in oven. Even Anthony Blinken, the state Secretary of State, he went into Congress and he described this scene about the Hamas militants going into a house raping the woman, blinding the, the father, cutting the limp of a child. Mm. Cutting a, a finger of another shell, and then cutting the chest, the, the breast of a woman and playing football with it and raping it.


And I said, wait a minute, how is this happening during war? Where are the Israeli Apache fighters? Where are, where are the response? Because, you know, I understand how big is Israel? Israel is like as small, actually as small as New Jersey. And in that area of New Jersey, there is like, there is a a a a, a A. Yeah. You see, you see it. It's almost there. Wow. It's the same. Yeah. Almost there. Yes. A little bit. And you understand, you understand Israel has, has, has, has airfields and military camps in every five seconds. It's like Starbucks in New. York. Yeah. The response should be less than five minutes. Yeah. It took them eight hours. Yeah. I need a venti missile Now that, that, that testimony that I just gave you by Anthony Blinken came out to be wrong.


Who's Anthony Blinken? Anthony Blinken is the Secretary of State. For Israel? No, for America. For America. Okay. Yeah. So he went and give that graphic detail in order to bring money, to get money to send, to, to be sent to Israel. These testimonies came out to be untrue, false, fabricated. Because they were promoted by rescue groups in Israel. They're called Zika and had Zola, United, Zika. ZAKA. Zika is a group that has been known to be lying. They fabricated babies in oven, babies in laundry lines. Yeah. They keep putting the babies everywhere, no matter what side yard. It's like, oh, the babies are here. And, and, and yeah. That's the website. If you, if you look, if you look at, if you, if you, if you search for them, you will find that their lies has been debunked many times by the Israeli media themselves.


Hmm. Israeli media ha artists, cha, channel 12. They said that these people have lied to us, and they have collected so much money because of the graphic details. And you understand these are lies that has been repeated by Biden, Anthony Blinken, the State Department in order to justify the absolute maximum killing of Israel to, so this was made on a lie. So It's propaganda. Yeah, it's Propaganda. Because, you know, I'm not gonna tell you they killed a million people. They raped women. They decapitated babies that have a much more stronger effect. Because what a baby could do to you, Baby could do nothing. Climb up your leg a little, You decapitate him.


You must be a monster. So now these are monster death cult worshipers that we can kill. Right. And we can bomb everybody. You see That? So it's a perspective. You're like framing it. And so you're saying, but who's doing that? The Israeli media? Yeah. Yeah. The Israeli media. The Israeli. Because all of the and numbers, the American media have propagated these stories, and they have never taken back or refuted a single story. Oh, American media is Not good. And, you know, and what would be, what made, made me like go crazy. The Israeli made them like, guys, this didn't happen. So this is like the strongest bro code I've ever seen in my life. It's like, you know, you know, you're lying for your bro and your bros like, dude, that didn't happen. That didn't happen. So America is lying hard for Israel.


While Israel itself, the Israeli sala guys, that didn't happen. Yeah. All of these lies didn't happen. The New York times article screams without words was debunked to be lies. There was so many people. Lies, lies, lies. No decapitated. Babies were found. Only one baby was killed. Her name is Mila Cohan. She's 10 months old. And she was died during an exchange. Mm. No decapitated babies, no rape women. Shel Sandberg and New York times have spread all of these lies. And they were debunked many, many times. And still the, the American media are lining running with the lies. But America, a lot of American media is, If you say that, that would be antisemitic. So I'm not gonna go there. Right. Oh, is that antisemitic? I'm, I'm, I'm, they're telling me everything that I say now is antisemitic. Oh, I didn't know that.


But, but I'm saying that, that even the Jewish people in Israel telling you these are lies. Well, my friends, my Jewish friends who, they say that, they say that the media is mostly run by Jewish folks. I don't think that that's It is. They told me that They it is, it is. All of the corporates, all the CEOs are. But that's, that's the different, but I don't wanna go into their, their intention. I'm just giving you a case that it Didn't, but didn't have say that though. Well, according to a bill that was passed by the Congress two months ago, there's now an anti-Semitic bill that anything, any criticism to Israel will be counted as anti-Semitic, any criticism to Jewish people who might have a dual, a dual loyalty to Israel and, and, and America, if you attack them, that will be called anti-Semitic.


If you talk about APAC controlling the elections and giving money, that's anti-Semitic. And it's like, wait a minute, that's against the first amendment of the United States. Because I can, I have, I have, I have grown up seeing people shitting on everything. On the American present, on the American on religion, on Jesus Christ. Oh. yeah. Gay whites, blacks, Jesus whites, Muslims, Jesus. But when you Santa, But suddenly what you talk about Israel, which is a foreign country that we give aid, you can't speak, you can't talk about you. You are labeled antisemitic. Why? Yeah. I, I gotta, yeah. Some of it's like, well, we had Roseanne bar on, she's Jewish. She said something, she made a joke, and our episode got taken down.


But it, she made, and it was obviously like a joke. You know, like, so I, some of it's just confusing because here's the thing I don't understand, like, just say, if you can't say, if we're not allowed to say something, at least tell us what it is. No, we are not, they always keep you in this kind of fear of saying something wrong. And they have all of the, your antisemitic ransoms, like guys, like you have to stop this antisemitic because, well, It becomes this boy that cried wolf kind of thing where it's like you accuse everybody of, of antisi. It's like, dude, I have so many Jewish friends. You think I'd be an, I'm not, I don't like Netanyahu. don don't like some of the choices that I feel like that that country makes. But I don't, I I, I don don't have anything against my Jewish friends though.


That's why I'm very careful when I talk, I never say Jewish people. I say pro Zionist, Zionist Israel, pro-ISIS, Israel. I never talk, I say Jewish people a few minutes ago. No, no, no. It's no, no. I don't say about, because I know that a lot of Jewish people don't like what Israel is doing. I know a lot of Jewish people Oh yeah. Don't like how they control the Congress. I don't like how a lot of Jewish people that don't like how apac, which is a foreign lobby, and yet is allowed to, to operate under American local law, that they can openly brag about buying Congress seats. If you go into apac, a Twitter account or ex account, they would brag about like how 98% of our candidates do Not accept all cookies if you go over there.


Yeah, yeah. Like go to their, not, not, not network apac. Just, yeah, apac. It's IPAC, AI. A-I-P-A-A. ai. ai ai, yes. And apac. No, no, no. Not Tracker. Yeah. apac. Yeah. That's one. Yes. And what is apac? American Israel Public Affairs Committee. Yeah. Public affairs. Yeah. Public affairs. So go down. Go down and, and see what they talk about. The elections. When they talk about the elections, they always talk about like they, they end it with, yeah. Another great being. pro-Israel is good policy and good politics. They end that with every a hundred percent of AAC endorsed Democrats won their primary rate 100 f if how is like a foreign country, like a foreign, like a a in a lobby that's works for a foreign country brags about buying elections like that.


That's it is, you see, being pro Israel is good policy. And they, and every single tweet is like that. They are basically looking to you in the eyes and say like, we're buying your elections and you can't do anything about it. So I can accept that from NRA because the NRA is a domestic group. Right? At least it's, yeah, it is. It present. The, the, the, the interest of American home o like a gun owners. Oh, this is, this is a very, oh, I saw this guy recently Massi who said like, each, each one in Capitol Hill has a, an APAC handler. It's like, I need to talk to my guy. Everybody but me has an APAC person. What's that mean? An APAC person? It's like your babysitter, your APAC babysitter who is always talking to you for apac.


Yeah. Just kinda like having an agent or whatever. Yeah. But like a Handle it. Go ahead. Go continue. And, I. Don't understand why every American politician have to go there and bend the knees, come to Dc you go have lunch with them and they've got your cell number and you have conversations with them. Well, I think part of this, I'll Talk to my APAC person and it's clearly what we call them. My APAC guy. I'll talk to my APAC guy and see if I can get 'em to you know, dial those ads back. Group of Americans who lobby on behalf of Israel. They're for anything. But I think also it's like you have to look at as like, like is like we live in a country that is a capitalism, right?


Absolutely. And they are like, Israel just does, they're the best business people, you know, they're like, it's almost like Monopoly. And they won. Okay. You know, that's what I feel like sometimes like yeah, They, they, they won and good for them. They're, they're very good. But like, how does an American feels? But you can't hold it against 'em. 'cause they are good at this. Like, at, you can't hold it against 'em 'cause they won. Right? So, so, so you cannot hold it against Israel, but you hold it against Russia if they try, or China if they try. So why do we accept it from Israel? From not, but not from Russia. Except what? For accept them controlling the elections. You understand? So you have an apac, which is a, a, a lobby basic lobbying for another country.


They, they, they, this is, this is in the news and you can look it up. They paid a hundred million dollars in order to buy seats for congress people and senates. And because of the people they were able to put there, they were able to approve $26 billion to Israel. So understand, as an American, your politicians are being bought for a hundred million dollars and because of that, your country will send 26 billion to a different country. Yeah. 26 billion that could have been spent in my own country, in my own community. This is the biggest, the best return of investment ever. You pay a hundred million And I take back 26 billion from you.


That's crazy. Yeah. And, and, and this is why when I talk about what's happening, you say, I'm not even, you see like Oh. yeah. You, you, you, you've missed that. The, the what You just had APAC targets progressive with a hundred million dollars in its coffers. Yeah. So, so basically anybody who talks against you in Congress, you pay basically, you pay them out and then you take more money. How don't we as Americans deserve the 26 billion? Oh, I Agree. Hundred. Our communities. Oh, I think it, it's like this is, This is, We Give them money. Yeah. But they control us. Yeah. This is like, Oh, it's fucking, they're good business dude. This, This, this is like, this is like a sugar daddy who's being slapped around like a bitch from his, from his sugar baby.


This is like, I, but there's like basically picking up a kaho in the strip mall, in the strip in Las Vegas. And then suddenly she's in charge of your, your, of your, of your life. Yeah. This is like having a dominatrix. And so like, it's like, I'm, I'm gonna kick your bulls and ain't gonna like it And you're gonna Pay me $26 billion for it. It's like, no, that doesn't work. Because I come, I come from the Middle East and I'm used to the teachership. I am used for us having no voice. I'm used to a asserting class of people controlling the country. But even then we knew that these people are not in control because they had to answer for China or Russia or America or France. Right? Yeah. Because we're dictatorship. This is how dictatorship works. A, a, a a, a democracy live a loving country like America or Britain go control a certain country and it's easier for them to deal with a dictator.


So we knew that they were not calling the choice it was called from Washington. I'm fine with that because I'm a third world. We're from, from the Middle East. We have to follow the masters of this planet. Now I came to America, And, I became an American And. I thought I was like Joining. I'm joining the winning team. Yeah. I'll have a say in my country. And then suddenly my country, the most powerful country in the world, the superpower in the world has its policies being dictated from Tel Aviv. How does it work? You see? And, and, and it's fine. It's And, I, And, I ask Americans, guys are, are you used to, this is this kind of humiliation. You are supposed to be like the, the from a country for the people by the people. And then suddenly your elections in being dictated by a different country.


How does it work? But to me, the thing is just like making it, is it true or not? It's like, just tell me what's happening. I just told you. Right. So, so whatever. I I just told you that like a foreign lobby from a foreign country is controlling your politics right in front of you. And then you have, and you, and by the way, I understand how lobby works because, but remember when, when Democrats was giving shit to Republicans bureau, they're having so much money from NRA, right? Oh, you, you're taking money from the gun lobby. How dare you. And then the, the Republicans were make, were attacked there. You're taking money from tech. Israel is the only country that gives both sides and nobody questions.


So basically it's not caring about the education will not get you elected. Caring about healthcare will not get you elected. Caring about the wellbeing of your American constituents will not get you elected. It is caring about what's good for Israel. So yes, guys, our neighborhood is shit. We have no sewage, no education. But God bless Israel. It doesn't, you, you are basically having a lot of people elected for your Congress. Yeah. To look for a different country, look out for a different country. I, to me it's very, it does seem very bizarre. Yeah. I think a lot of that stuff, like when it hits my heart over the past, like especially eight months, you know, it's been, it makes me feel like there has to be a way better way to, for, to figure things out.


You know? It's, it's all about like fear mongering. They will tell you. But Israel is alone. It is surrounded by enemies that want to wipe us. Is that true or not? Is Israel surrounded by Enemies or not? Bring them, bring bring the, the map of the Middle East. 'cause one of the reasons I'm sure America and Israel have a like, work together is because they need each other. Right. Okay. So Egypt is surrounded by Egypt. Egypt is the biggest military force in the Middle East. That's my country. Okay. And they have having like a f like a 45 years lasting peace treaty. There has never been a single missile or bullet shot from Israel, from Palestine, from Egypt to Israel, all over that. So Jordan, Egypt and Israel have a good, Good, yeah. Jordan is the other country piece.


UAE piece. Do you have the the, the really the, the big threat for Israel is the little militant group in the Gaza strip, which is Hamas and Hezbollah, which is south of Lebanon. Oh. yeah. And if you have all of that military Hezbollah that Yeah. It's up there. Like you see the gray area like in Lebanon? Yeah. Oh, is that where you lives at? So, so basically you have like two militant groups who doesn't like you. Right. Supported by Iran, which is far away from you. And you have all of these Arab countries around you, basically friends with you. Yeah. So all of the, they want to kill us all. We are gonna perish. Oh fuck you. All of this. You see Saudi Arabia, they have like almost normalized relationship UAE one of the Countries. So you don't believe that. You believe that they have a, it's pretty stable Over there.


It's a way, it's a way to push in war and make you, because if you're not threatened, how can you sell the war? Yeah. And it's, and if you, and if you talk about October 7th, see what they, they want to be, you believe that before October 7th, there were peace actually before October 7th, two weeks before October 7th, Israel bombed Gaza three times before October 7th. Israel already killed 75 children in the West Bank in the same year. All of these numbers were happening, all of these ongoing, there was no peace before October 7th. And you go in and you go with these lies that has never been refuted by the American media, although it was found to be lies and lies and lies. And you do that because you wanna tell people, we're dealing with terrorists. All of the Arab countries hate us, and we have to kill us because, and then they will bring in the Holocaust.


I'm, I'm very sorry for the Holocaust guys, but we had nothing to do with your Holocaust. Yeah. We were, we were just like minding our fucking business. I Was dead. I was dead or whatever. I wasn't dead. I wasn't alive. Yeah. That we were in the Middle East. We were just there. And the Holocaust happened to you in Europe. It had didn't happen to you because of us. And then you import people from a different continent because you didn't want them, you didn't give them visa, you didn't take them a refugees. And then you, oh, American Britain, you mean? Yeah. And then, and then you put them on our land, and then you take our land and then you tell everybody, oh, there was no one there. So has America showed up. Britain showed up and tried to help, like facilitate like communications to make things better. There, There were many tries for peace treaties. But Obama said it best in his book.


He said, the problem with Israel and Palestine is that one of them is very strong and one side is very weak. Yeah. And there's nothing that compels me to give you land. So they will tell you, oh, we, we gave, we give five chances to the Palestinians. And they said, no, that is not true. When you, when I have the whole land and suddenly you're gonna give me 49%, that is not a deal. That's like, if you don't like it, we're gonna take it from you. If you give me like a shitty deal and you don't, I don't accept it because that is my land. You just go and say like, oh, they didn't accept it. Right. So, but have there been deals offered one way or the other? Like piece like Yeah, Yeah. Like there's something called the Oslo Accords. Okay. It's happened 1995. The Oslo accords, The, the Oslo Accords. And you have Netanyahu bragging on tape saying that I have personally sabotaged the Oslo accords.


So it means nothing. Okay. The Oslo Accord appear of interim agreements between Israel and Palestine. Liberation Organization. PLO signed in Washington DC in 1993, signed in Egypt in 1995. They marked the start of the Oslo process, a peace process aimed at achieving a peace treaty based on relu resolutions of the United Nations Security Council. Among the notable outcomes wards with the creation of the Palestinian National Authority, which was tasked with the responsibility of conducting limited Palestinian governance over parts of the West Bank and Gaza Strip. So this was helping Palestine created government. Yes. But, but then it was, it was all, all over the way. It's now cleaned the Oslo Peace accords were wrecked by Netanyahu.


And that was written by Ishly, who's an Israeli author. Right. Because there's, there's people in Israel that don't agree with Netanyahu. Right? Yes, I know, but honestly, I'm sick and tired of saying, oh, Netanyahu is bad. But the rest of Israel, no, 98% of Israeli communities said that we're not doing enough in gas. Only 2% say says it's too much. 70% of Israeli said that when we should not send humanitarian aid to us. A lot of people And I, I don't blame. I, I mean I blame them, but like, when you tell your people that those are like evils and, and they're like, Oh, Vampires, and they're like killers. Of course you're gonna hate them. Of course. You don't want them to live. Yeah. But you, you cannot expect to treat people like animals. And when they behave like animals retaliate like animals, you go on and complain.


Yeah. Right. How do you, is there a way? 'cause man, it's just, there's so much, there's so much damage done there. Yeah. How, how do you find, how is there some sort of a solution? Like what direction do you see the The, the, the solution is the, is is fixing the occupation. There is an occupation. That Is the thing. And why does an America and Britain step in and say, look, we helped create this in the beginning. We want to be here to help fac like establish safety for these people. Now, okay, America, what is America made of Government. What is the government is made of elected officials. These people are elected through what? Through elections. Who's controlling the elections and paying for certain people to be there?


apac. Ah, but do we know, but don't, doesn't every country have lobbyists that try to like, influence our Elections? Not, not a foreign lobby like this. Yeah, there's lobbies everywhere. But when you have a foreign lobby that works for, its for an external country that is not normal to You. But is that considered just like a, you know how we have like little base or little, what are the places called? If you're in London, you Oh, the embassy. Like we have embassies in different places. Yes. Don't, is that, isn't that just like them having like a human embassy or something? Like a No, no. You know what I'm talking about kind of making Sense. I, I, I understand. But like, that doesn't work with lobbies, with, with parliaments. And that, like, this is, again, this is like, imagine a lobby that is openly funded by China and that lobby going there and buying seats for your, for, for people who are pro China, It seemed like unfair.


It's un it's, it's, it, it, it, it, it, it should not be accepted in a democratic country. Why Do we allow that to happen? It would seem like, well, but, but then you know what, that's where it comes down to capitalism. Because it is the same shit that we allow where just like where the, the, that drug company came in and hired former people from the FDA to come and work for their drug company. Oh, that's wrong. That's illegal. Right. And, and also, and also the government. I mean, capitalism wants you to believe that there's nothing you can do. It's only the free market. Even the free market has some sort of a government control. If a company goes out and become a monopoly, you have antitrust laws and you and the com and that government can curb that company.


Yeah. But the problem is the government that should curb the influence of a foreign lobby is being paid by the same foreign lobby. So why, who would come up and put like a questioning for Israel lobby? The people they just paid. Get into Congress. I paid you. Yeah, I own your ass. You are not gonna go into Congress and then ask why are we follow? So Israel's a gangster. So exactly this, this, this is what really make me disenfranchised. I came, you know, I became an American citizen in 2019. Yeah. And I was so pa right in time for the 2020 elections. I was so happy. I'm gonna be elected. It took me now four years. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna vote in the coming elections. Go. What's the, what's the point? It's like, what about America, man, what America? It's like, so now I'm, why would I even care to vote for anybody while both of them are competing to be Israel's favorite bitch.


Yeah. It's basically like this. It's like, oh, I'm the best one for Israel. How about being the best one for America? How about doing what's good for America? Is it good for America to pay $26 billion? If, if I'm seeing this, how, how do I feel as an American? Well, I think it's, well, for one, I think a lot of people don't know what to think. A lot of people aren't super clear on maybe what's going on. You know, because They're not allowed to, because they are being, all they need to know is like to see the headlines of the news. And the headlines of news is always something bad about Palestinians or something bad about Nothing is bad. You are, they, they don't spend enough time because they want their ESPNs and they need to their Netflix. They don't wanna involve.


And that's why a lot of Americans are still believing in the raping and the decapitated babies because you can't stay tuned into the news for long. So for them, they do the shock. Right, the lies. And then when people say, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. That didn't happen. It's like, ah, it's too late now. Because people are kind of, they're tuned out. Yeah. I think a lot of people do not even believe the news at all anymore, though. I think the news has re super lost a ton of credibility over the years. So what happens? You create a kind of apathy so people don't care. And, and business go as usual. The, the, the, the Congress getting bought, people getting bribed, $26 billion getting sent to Israel. Con people continue. We are having bombing. And then every now and then, why is this happening?


Because you checked out a long time ago. Yeah. And then you ask, what can we do nothing. Because they made you check out a long time ago. So we have all of these people looking at what the government's doing, looking at what the word is doing. It's like, that ain't right, but there's nothing I can do about it. And this is exactly how you run the world in my country, in the Middle East. I do that because you cannot speak up because you're gonna be put in jail. But here you can speak up, can you can speak up, but nothing will happen. Nothing but That. Here, I think sometimes you get afraid to even ask questions about stuff. And it's like, yeah, well this doesn't even make any sense. Like, just at least let things make sense to me for me not be able to ask questions and shit is just fucking Yeah.


That's the thing. That's really, really weird. Weird. Yeah. Be because it's all about like the attacking. So if you to go and you repeat what I just told you, It was like, oh, ii he's a liar. He's an anti-Semite. He hate Jews. Okay, what did he lie about? They will never give you a details. What did he lie about? I'll give you an example. When I, on the second Peter Morgan interview, I went on to him, And I gave him a story. I told him that Israel used to give contraceptive pills to the Ethiopian Jews. Ethiopian Jewish women who were immigrated from Ethiopia. From Ethiopia, from Ethiopia. And for more than 15 years, Israel would give them contraceptive shots without them knowing. So they would sterilize them. They'll not allow them to breed because they're black.


Is that true? Yeah. Dude, I, you know what I noticed, dude, I was in Atlanta at the Coca-Cola factory or whatever. Yeah. And you can, you can taste all the sodas from around the world. Look, Is Israel Ethiopian woman in Israel giving contraceptive without consent? Huh? Yeah. So Israel's li So when I, when I, when I Thu was in the government and he came out and he personally apologized. Right? So this is, this is, this is cut and dry. You cannot, and you know what happened? The, the Israelis on the ex, oh, he's a liar. That never happens. A guy that it's here. So this, I'm just preparing you that every time you're gonna tell them something, they'll tell you, oh, it's a lie.


It's a lie. Nobody said that. Nobody said that. Well, a lot of that's just, I mean, yeah, people will position themselves constantly, you know, it's like people are, especially if people are up to no good, nobody wants to get caught. Yes. A lot of times. Yeah. It's like you saying something and somebody, you are a racist. It's like, what, what, what did I just said that was racist? Oh no, you're racist. You're making me uncomfortable. You see that, that the way that they attack you. Yeah. It's like, okay, attack what I said. Yeah. If I'm what? I said racist dude, I do it at home. Yeah. Behind closed doors. I'm like, but, but this, you're antisemitic, you're racist. You're a homopho. The way that they use, like, the same way as, yeah.


Or Islamophobe. I don't like this word. Islamophobe Don don't know if anybody cares about that shit anymore though. It's like Nobody, nobody Cares. Well, people have thrown around some of those terms so many times. It's like the boy that cried wolf. Kind of in a way, way Exactly. It's like, you can't, I can't you can't make it feel like I can't ask something or talk about something. Yeah. It just, sometimes it just, sometimes some some of that stuff is strange. And it's hard. I mean, some of this stuff is even hard to talk about. 'cause it's like, I worry that even just by having like some of this conversation, it's like you just, it's kind of scary. 'cause don don't know what I could get in trouble for. But, but This is scary, man, because like, I, I'm, I'm, I'm new to this country, so like, I'm kind of like following your lead guys. And I'm saying like, wait, isn't this country made, created on the cornerstone of freedom of expression?


Why is there some things that we are not allowed to speak about or afraid? This is, this is the promise of the west. Come here and speak and say whatever you want, no matter how offensive it is, it doesn't matter because it's words. But then suddenly you come here and you find all of these red lights. Yeah. And, I, And I was made fun of like when I came, oh, you came from the Middle East. You have all of these red lines. You cannot speak about that. You can, we can speak about Jesus, we can speak about the American president. You can't speak. And now I come here And I. See the red line? You have one red line Really? And you have one red line. Everybody here, not you. Then that red line you everybody can see. You guys cannot be able to, to talk about, which is, is Israel. Whether this, this is your red line, your red line is not even in your country.


Yeah. That's crazy. Which is crazy. That's a crazy statement. It's a crazy Dude. I'll tell you what I heard, dude. I heard that Jesus, Jesus did like a lot of impersonations and stuff, But did he impersonate his, his dad just His friend and stuff? Yeah, but I, I heard that somewhere. don don't know why I read that, but he would do like impersonations I guess, or whatever. But he would be like the, the arc, the, the, the Archangel Michael It was like, so ar side It was like, Hey, Jesus, hey G. But, but he, He's so an archangel walks into a cloud. Ah, no. But, but, But I, I, and okay, And, I'll tell you something about like, things that people find offensive. For example, we were, were basically profiled as, as Muslims that we hate The Slims we call 'em.


Yeah. Yeah. Slims, I made that up a couple years ago. It's like a slim, I don't wanna say it's a racial, but if it is wells, it's like the slims to cigarettes. It's kind of like, whenever we say Muslims, like We Say, I think it's, I really like it. Yeah. Some people might not like it, and that's okay. And I. Yeah. But I, I I I, one thing that kind of like drives me crazy sometimes, like, oh, we like Israel, but we don't like Muslims. Like, why? And then Paul is like, do you Christian values, have you heard about that duo Christian values? Guys, what do you talk about Judeo Christian values? You understand that people in j in Israel hate Christians. You understand that You go right Now, that's not true.


You think You go right now in the video and you write, Israel is spitting on Christians in Bela or spitting on Israel or Christians in, in, in Israel. You see spitting, hitting attacks on Israel, surging in Israel occupied Islam, ultra Jewish spitting on Christians. But This could be specific stuff. No, no. This, this is part, okay. So You know what I'm saying? This might not be an everyday thing because I have a lot of friends that are Jewish and they'll Bad. And there is like, so many videos. It's Just like the videos keep scrolling. As we say, that's not that everyday, you see how many videos right now we're talking the videos. Keep scrolling. So not, not, not that everything, but we happen to have a hundred videos to say that that's true.


It says there's only 2000 videos. Okay? And you have actually one of their, one of their ministers, g Bing Gavi, who is the basic national security, as he said, it is actually part of our, it's part of our religion. There's not, there's no hate about that. And many of the rabbis will say that Jesus, right now, Jesus is a son of a whore. The virgin marries a whore. She made up the whole thing about the son of God in order to cover for her adultery. And Jesus, and Jesus right now is in, is being burned with feces and semen for eternity. This is what they say. So basically, I don't know if you follow this trend. I've never heard that. Yeah. I you can find out, and This is a trend on TikTok.


No, not a trend. This, these videos are already there. So basically when C Christians go there, the do, the, the, all the Orthodox Jews will go Haua, They go haua, they, they spit on that, spit on that thing. Yeah. Right? You, Wow. So What, and I'm And I again, and I'm not saying that this represent all Jews. Yeah. But what I'm saying is, if you are net pick about this stuff, because I grew up as a Muslim and all of those videos nitpicking of like, oh, look at this extreme Muslim who said that, oh, this must be all Muslim, all Muslim terrorists. And we have a lot of those videos on us and nobody's talking about it. So you understand like how this per is personal for me.


Yeah. And I'm fine talking about those horrible people in the Muslim community. But talk about everybody, right? Don't limit our speech. And, I, And, I. And by the way, And, I hate the word Islamophobe. Anybody is is allowed to talk about Islam or the Quran or whatever. I will never call you an Islamophobe, but I'm an equal opportunity offender. If you talk about my religion. Let's talk about everybody's religion. Oh. yeah. Yeah. If you're gonna talk about my politics, let's talk about everybody's politics. Yeah. I'm not here to attack Jewish people. I'm not here to attack Israel. I am just asking for my right as an American to be able to speak about everything without having fear of being canceled or having my, my career canceled. I, I, I, I had opportunities, my opportunities in Hollywood dried up completely after I I talked up.


Is that true? Yes. I, I, I Well, do you think it's tougher for Arabic and Islamic entertainers in Hollywood? Oh, It is tougher. But there's also people who are not Muslims, who are not Arabs who were, had canceled because of their opinions. There have been blacklists of people in tech companies that have been removed from their companies because of a post of Facebook. And this is happening in America. And of course, you remember what happened in these colleges where like American students were being beaten by American police for the sake of a foreign country. You understand? Like the American university movement, which one of the most amazing movement that they went out against Vietnam, they went out against South Africa, and now they went out against Israel and they're being hit and, and, and, and, and, and penalized in their own campuses for just speaking up.


Yeah. Yeah. I feel like they should be able to do that at campuses. But then what happens is investors or donators to the campuses who don't, who believe what they, what they believe they choose to take their money away. You know, I Think, and, and, and those donors are pro what They're promo. So if you Right, please, Jewish billionaires threaten Columbia universities to withdraw their money. I'm never gonna fucking work again. Dude. I, I, I came here having receipts. I know, but I'm gonna get in Trouble. Jewish billionaires call cut. Look, I, here it is, billionaires stop Columbia cash over anti ISR protest.


Columbia billionaires doors are mo giving admitted. So you see what Does it, But, but still, so your donors, your don the donors have more loyalty to a foreign country and telling you, if you speak ab against that foreign country, I'm not giving, giving you my money. But it makes sense though that you, you, that makes sense. Okay. If you think that, that you say you are a, like, I'm a New Orleans Saints fan. If somebody, if somebody puts up a Falcons flag, an Atlanta Falcons flag, and I'm a New Orleans Saints fan, and it's my bar or something, or I'm the one that helps take care of the place where they're putting the flag up, I'm gonna be upset. I'm gonna say, well, I'm not gonna help take care of this place anymore if you support this. But, but, but the Falcon and myself, these are two people in the league, in an American league.


But you are basically talking about a different, you, I'm not even talking about, I'm not even discre attacking your team. And, I Made a bad choice. I, I, I am saying, I'm saying that I don't want my college to take part from, I, I, I, you know, understand why they went, they said like, we need to divest from any investment with the Israeli army. Mm. Is that fair or not? That's fair. Like, I, I don't want my universities the one pay the universities that I pay tuition to, to be involved with the military or, and supporting the world or, or the Israel. That that's fair. And then you have bor. No, we need to be involved in other people's shit.


And he need not to speak about that. That doesn't make any sense. That doesn't make any sense to me, man. Well, why don't like Arab, like why don't different groups start to build their own strongholds of like university and like media so that everybody can have their own channels? Well, most Arabs work in vaping. don don't know that there's much money in there. A community, Hey, smoke signals. We just, we just said that like Jewish people are very good in business. We can't compete with that. We just have hookers and Yeah. And vapes. We can't compete with them. So, but like, you see, if that is the case, don't call it a democracy anymore. If the, if the whole idea about like who pays the more money, it's an oligarch.


Yeah, I agree. Don't call yourself democratic. Just say, Hey, it's a capitalist country. Whoever has more money. But that's dangerous because tomorrow China might have more common money here and control it. So it has to be a fair game for everybody. But it's not fair because now they say, TikTok, we need to ban TikTok because it's, it's, it's, it's, it's against Israel because it's pro-China. So it's, you're not even making the, the, the, the, the, the game fair. If, if, if Israel can buy its way through it, anybody should buy the way through it. Yeah. Oh, I see what you're saying. You're saying, well then if that's the case, then China should be able to do it too. And Saudi Arabia is able to do it. And, Iran is Able to do it. But I think Israel's an ally. I guess why, I guess like why is Israel an ally?


I don't know Why and how, which ally have you given $26 billion? Don don't know. Dude, You see, but this is the thing we are repeating that, oh, Israel is our greatest ally. Why? I don't know. But you have to have, well, here's why I believe this is what I've always been kind of like, I guess heard, is that you have to have an ally in the Middle East because there's so much oil and power and money over there. America doesn't have allies in the all about Saudi Arabia. The biggest oil production company though. Iraq. Egypt, these are e all of Kuwait, all of these are allies for the United, States I. don know Saudi Arabia is an ally. I don't know about That. Really. The is Saudi Arabia is the most beneficial for your economy. They really, but they, but they are the biggest buyer of weapons, Except what, two buildings in New.


York city. Dude, outside of that, you know what I'm Saying? Well, and so why didn't you go after them? Because I guess somebody owed somebody some money or something. No, It, it, it, that's not about nine 11 now, because it's a bigger issue. We don't, we go, we're gonna go really down the rabbit hole. Okay. But here's the thing. You have all of those people or allies, what has Israel done to you being an ally? It has ruined your reputation in front of everybody hates America because of Israel. Don don't know if that's true. You think so? Yes. Yeah. Everybody hates America because of Israel. I'm telling you. It's, and that's why all they, they hate, they hate America because what Israel is doing in Palestine and, and that how America is supporting Israel forever. And if you find America supporting the pe the killing of Myop, you can't help but people hate you.


Right. At a certain point, I don't think that Israel is a good ally for us. They're costing us a lot of money. They are harboring a lot of terrorists. The Jewish Defense League, there are three people from Jewish Defense League in 1994 who killed an American citizen and they escaped to, to Israel. And Israel is not delivering you. Is that a work of an ally? Israel hit the liberty SS liberty in 1967. It's an American vessel. Yeah. Is that an American? No. As there's a book called By Way of Deception, by Victor Ostrosky, who was like an ex mosad officer who said that Israel knew about the 1982 Lebanon bombing where 52 American were killed and Mossad held the information.


So because they want, they wanna do it in spite. Does that, is that the work of an ally is Israel. Israel has the big, the biggest, it harbors the biggest number of pedophiles in a, in Israel, more than 50 people, at least from 2014 by the Jewish watch communities. This is actually a, a Jewish group who have actually said that. So you have people who are molesting American children in America, and they're escaping to Israel u using the dual nationality thing. And Israel's not giving you back. Wow. Is that the work of, of an Ally? You somebody is a molester. You gotta send them back. It's On C-B-S-C-B-S news if you wanna look it. Oh, like CBS news? You can, you can, you can, you can talk. You Don't like Israel. I think.


I don't like Israel. No. Yeah, I do not like it. I think they are, the ways are evil. And there you see how Jewish American pedophiles hide from justice in Israel. That's CBS. I'm not making this up. A lot of 'em too would hide by the Yeah. Would hide By the So, so, so, so is This Winn Dixie in our, Is this a work of a, of an ally? Is a, is an ally giving you a hundred million dollars to bribe your politicians by your pol your elections, and then make you pay $26 billion? That's not a work of an ally. If someone takes $70 million of tax exempt money for their veterans, that's not a work of an ally. But How much, how much, how many issues did America create for itself just with its own practices of like doing this like, like these, doing those sorts of things to other countries and stuff?


I wonder, you know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. I wonder if there's a part of, if that's true. I don't know. I mean, Amer America has known to finance and carry out coups in, in, in all kinds of different countries. In Latin America. They're known to like, you know, overthrowing a government if they don't, like for example, it happened in Chile. It happened in in arg it happened so many places. It happened in Iraq. Iraq in 1954. There was like an a, an an a elected official that they thrown out because of oil agreements. Is America is known to manipulate the whole world. It is, it is. It is it. That's what, what superpowers Do, right? So if like The Romans did it, the Greeks came, I accept that. I accept that because we are the police of the planet.


Yes, it happened. It comes with a call. It's terrible. But couldn't that evolve, evolving then Israel could just become that? What do you Mean? Like, like if we were the leader at one time, couldn't Israel be the leader at one time? Why couldn't China be the leader at one time? Well, Well I, China I can accept because it's a, it's a superpower. But Israel is a client state. It's a small state. This is like, basically you living, you, you, you working in a, in a corporate and the CEO coming every day and shitting on your office, shitting on your office. It's like, but he's the CEO, he's the owner. But then he brings his little poodle and then he shits on your desk that, that's too much. That's Israel. Right? I can accept it because you are the superpower of the world. But don't bring your brad dog to do it on my desk.


That's too much. Yeah. Because the only way that I can do anything for that dog is that the owner is the ceo. Hmm. And I don't wanna be fired. So that's basically, Israel is the bulldog that's being, that harassing everybody around it in the region. And, and, and they're little. They hate us. Where are we gonna perish? Fuck it. You know, he's not gonna perish. You have nuclear weapons, you have like Yeah, they're fine. They're fine. There's definitely gets kinda one. They're Fine. And then, okay. And then how can, how is it sense of self-defense? Because I'm sure that you've seen in these videos, all of these IDF soldiers wearing women laundry, taking like the women's, the, the, the, the kids' toys destroying empty hospitals, destroying empty schools, just for the fun of it. That doesn't look like an army that is defending itself.


Yeah. Well, to me it's felt like the feeling of it is that like, usually when you hear, I mean, I've said this before, usually when you hear like free a place, that's the place that needs help. You know, it's like you don't hear like free Michigan or free America. Yeah. Or free China, you know, or sometimes you hear free China. Yeah. But, but you, if you hear free pa, if free Palestine, if you hear that, then that's usually, if, if something becomes that big of a fervor, that that's the Yeah. Campaign slogan. That place usually needs some sort of help. Yeah. How does some place that's stronger, like Israel that has so much, how, how do they help? How do we get to Why, why, why would they help?


They just want the land. But they're the, but they Reme, remember the map that we saw, how the dis this has been ongoing from 1940s, But they obviously have enough of the land. No, They want the whole land. They want all over the West Bank. They want all of Gaza. And they have said many times on television, the, the, the only way this would happen if people in Gaza go into Egypt and people in the West bank are driven into Georgia. Is this a legitimate, did you draw this map? I did check it's from the internet. But, but, but they have been telling you openly, we gonna dis display those too Closely. But at a certain point they have to recognize, hey, we haven't, this is No, They don't care. They, they haven't. Why would they? Well, let's see. That's the part to me that's not cool. But, and show me, show me in this map anywhere where Israel has scaled back what they have done, they have moved forward to disintegrate the land more, push the people more abuse the people more.


And because they have the power and be because they have American behind them, they are not compelled to do anything different. Well, they feel like they're in the right. Yes, they feel in the right. Because why don't we, it's, it, it's given the, the Bible gave it to me because God gave it to me. So if I'm the, if I believe I'm the chosen people, I can do whatever I want. Oh. yeah, And, I have to tell you. Like a lot of people ask me, Baim, do you, are you religious? I said, like, if these are God chosen people, I have doubts. I'm gonna lose my job for two more years for laughing at all. But do you think though that why doesn't America help Palestine? Why don't we, why? Because they, they help. I I just told you why. W what is America?


America is a government. This government is middle of officials. These officials are elected. These need money for the elections. Who pays for election campaign? Who's the biggest? But even still, you could still help someone because they need help. No, no. They don't care. Who's the biggest receive recipient of donors from Israel? $9 million over the years. Joe Biden. Joe Biden. Yeah. Yeah. So why would he help? Why would I help Palestine while I'm getting my money from you? I mean, he can, he can give me all kind of like, fancy political talk, but it's really about being reelected. So the idea, you are thinking as a human being, what is the right thing to do? And you are right, but the right thing to do is not the right thing in politics.


The right thing in politics is to survive and have as much money as possible to stay in power as long as possible. No morals, no right and wrong. Nothing. Just power. Well, one thing it didn't help by, by having the term free Palestine, that's gonna attract all The, But if you label something free, something right next to Israel, dude, no wonder they keep coming. They should have said a very expensive Palestine. It's a very expensive Palestine, but it is exp it is costing us a lot of money. They should have said under contract Palestine, Under contract work in progress Palestine. Now, is that a joke? Am I gonna go to jail? Jail? I don't know. Why Would you go into, you shouldn't I don understand that. But why do I feel like I'm right?


Exactly. Why do you feel that, Theo? You are, you are an outspoken person. You speak about and you go on stage and you, you, you have no boundaries. When people in America start to have boundaries about a certain issue, we need to ask questions. Why? Oh, I get it. Why? And be, and also it's, it's, it's just like, it's crazy. And it's just like, it's, it's, maybe it's my disappointment because I bet everything on, on this country, I really, really love living here, being here. And the only thing that I was promised, which is freedom, it seems not to work. And I'm someone who's been canceled a few times for my own country. So I come here, it's like, Hey, America, freedom. It's like, oh, freedom of everything.


Except that one thing. Come on, come on, dude. It, what kind of freedom is that? Maybe I should have like don don't know. One, two telaviv. Well, I think it, it behooves everybody. If you can joke about everything, I think that that makes things Exactly. A lot more chill. Yeah. How do, how do you handle, like, not, not not agreeing with Israel, but still supporting like your Jewish friends and stuff that are in the I I don't think that's a, any, that's a, a difficult choice because the Jewish people, they're, here's the thing. They want you to make you think that all Jewish people are with Israel. That is not true. A lot of Jewish people do not agree with that. So they Oh Yeah. I have a lot of Jewish friends that are on you. You, you have Kind of both sides of this. This thing, You have a lot of, you have a Jewish block that every single week that goes out in, in, in Europe and in America.


And remember when we were talking about those university sit encampments, many of them, there was like a Jewish block that was part, and many of them were even arrested with their Arab and, and American brothers. But they don't wanna talk to you about that. There is, you can find many pictures for orthodox Jews burning the Israeli flag. Orthodox Jews in New, York Ojs. Yeah. Yeah. ojs, they do not represent us. But they don't want you to see that. They want, you want you to see one thing. You want, how do you get, here's this, all of those Jewish people, they don't like. What is, you can't Show that dude. We're going in. Why not jail? But wait, wait, wait, wait. Can how many pictures of, of burned the American flag have you seen Don?


Don't look at those either. If you have a picture now of burning the American flag or the Iranian flag, Oh, you can't even go to jail for it anymore. No. You, you, you. But like is is Israeli flag. Why? Why? I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not inviting people to hate on Israel. I'm not inviting people to hate on Jewish people. Yeah. Agreed. I just wanna say you need to have the freedom to speak your mind, even if it doesn't please certain people, because this is democracy. Democracy is noisy and you will listen to things that you don't like, but you should not feel afraid of speaking up your mind. Yeah. Yeah. I think the part where I even started to think about it was it just started to seem like, you know, obviously what happened in on October 7th was horrible.


And but then it just started to seem like such a overstatement of Yeah, it's just, And then they just won't exist. And so don don't know there's something inside of me. Even if don don't know anything about it, that's something inside of me that just says that just feels messed up. I I I like the fact that they say like, oh, we're doing this for Palestinians. We we need the, we will get rid of Haas for them and the Palestinians will be grateful. And, I now do, and then I see the destructions. I see that, yeah, there's a lot of Palestinians who don't like Haas. But you want to, you wanna convince me that you wanna destroy that place and then you would think those people that would be left would be okay with you.


Do you think the Palestinian people knew that Hamas was gonna do this October 7th? I don't think they knew. Yeah. And I. And of course it's devastating for them and, but it did. And And I wish the October 7th never happened. But again, we come back, It was like, how long can you take it? How long can you take the abuse, the land theft, the killing? At a certain point you're gonna be desperate and you're gonna be desperate against an a, a ver much more stronger enemy. Yeah. But isn't like, but when America revolted for tea, they revolted against a much stronger enemy. And I find it very interesting how everything in the American culture, you watch Star Wars, you side with the rebels, you watch the Hunger Games, you side with the rebels, you go to Israel, you side with the oppressors.


You don't side with the rebels. You don't side with the people with no weapons. You side don't side with the people with the machine guns or the knives. You side the people with the military arsenal. Yeah. Because they were deemed terrorists, less humans dehumanizing. See how they talk about Palestinians? They're death cults, they're terrorists. And what are Palestinians like? Like Normal people. Normal people. But they're, they're living in a horrible condition. I married one of them, you know. Oh gosh. So I can report that she has no fangs or nails other than the nails that she does in the nails alone. So she's like a normal human being. And we have normal kids and they don't turn into werewolves at night. They're normal people. They're normal people who have been in this land. And they were taken away from them.


And this was a problem that was imported from a different continent done by other perpetrators. They were rejected by other white people. And they were just like, put on us. And it is terrible. And it should not happen. So do Palestinians also have issues with Britain and the US then? Probably. Of course. Yeah. But like, I don't think they have any time to have issues with anybody. They have time to survive. They're living in tents right now in Gaza. And the people who live in West Bank are in, in, in under threat to be killed or kicked out at any mo moment. And it, I I, I just, I just want people to look at them as humans. Everybody who went together, everybody who went to West Bank saw what happened to those people.


And they will speak up. They're being shut down. Are you able to look at Israel as humans too? Yes, but I asked them, I I look at everybody as humans and And, I. I will not do the same mistake that they have been doing to us, dehumanizing us, calling us terrorists, but they are acting like terrorists. Why don't we give part of our country to Palestine? Why don't you give part of your country to Jewish people? Oh. yeah. Why don't we give part of our country to, to a one of the groups at least that would help. Do you think? Yeah. I-I-I-I-I-I think maybe, but it's not, it's it was Or put 'em or an island. What about that? What about, what if you did a merger, you did Palace Island.


That's a good one. Yes. Do you think that's possible? Would, would, now, would Palestine accept something like that where it's like, let's pa let's give this place To, I I I'm not Palestinian so I cannot speak on their behalf, but I think Palestinians want to stay in their land. And, I think many of those. This is, this is what drives me crazy, because it doesn't make any sense. Any Jewish person all around the world, if you're like a Polish Jewish, like a, an American Jewish, just because you're Jewish, you can get the Israeli passport right now. Right now. And once you get the passport, you can come from Brooklyn, land into Israel, take a piece of land that was owned by a Palestinian right on the spot or a, or, or a home that is owned by a Palestinian saying that this is your promised land.


Like What do you mean? You can walk into the house? Yeah, You can just walk in the house and you can have videos of people taking their stuff and barging into a Palestinian home in the West Bank. It happens all the time. It doesn't make any sense. A Brooklyn Jew, just because he was born Jew can just like go to Israel, take the passport and take a piece of land that is belonged to someone else even now as we speak. Does that make any sense? Most people wouldn't do that. Many people do that. Many people do that on, on every single given day. You have planes with thousands of Jewish people from all over the world, coming from Eastern Europe, coming from Africa, coming from Latin America, coming in America and settling in the land, settling in, in a and Arab land Does, do the Palestinian people do they have a police department?


They have like, they have something called the Palestinian Authority, which is an, an oxymoron. And and they, they have, they're called the Palestinian Authority. But show me an authority that has absolutely no say about the foreign people coming in and taking land from your people. Yeah, it's, it's dude, My friend got a job at the airport and he was a little guy, right? And they gave him a Billy club and it weighed him down that he was so little. He's like, he probably weighed 60 pounds or whatever. And, I guess. I, I think he's more effective, more than the Palestinian authority. He has more power than the, The club dude. When you'd see him run. It was so he almost had to run sideways. 'cause the way the club would like shuffle and like block his legs. Oh, I wish it was, was That funny?


What's a solution? We, you, we had There has to, you have to have some, The solution is though, and the occupation and the solution is that Israel should stop killing Palestinians taking their land. It's as simple as that details. What land, how much? Well, that's not my thing to say because I'm a comedian, not a politician, not a Palestinian. There are Palestinian politicians that can talk on their behalf. But I can tell you whatever is happening now is wrong. And I'm not, it's not my problem or my issue to come up with a solution because I didn't cause that crisis. It's someone else caused it. And it's not for me to fix it for them. But what I can say, what's happening is wrong. Are any, are any American or British leaders and some of this stuff, I don't know a ton.


You know, I'm trying my best to learn is some American or British leaders trying to help negotiate that. Have we tried over the years to help? Yeah. But it's, it's always been skewed towards Israel. What is Israel? Is that true though? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And Because both sides have rejected peace agreements, right? Yes. But one of them rejected it because basically you're giving them a very shitty deal and the other side rejected it because they want more. And now they're telling you, it's like, Hey, you know what? Forget about the second state, but forget about two state solution. Even they Israeli say that it's all ours now. Forget it. What about like ladder and bloom or something? Who is nego Who is doing the or remark or something? The who's the age?


Who's, who's negotiating at all? don Don't know. There's no negotiation now. Like Israel hasn't gone to the negotiation table for the past 20 years. Like, Is is Gaza on Zillow? No, I think if there's Zillow's I'm just joking, dude. Is that offensive? Oh My God. No, no, no, no. And I. I learned to learn to, to laugh about everything. It's like, I think Zillow's like just on Zillow, it's, Here's the thing. If it's not on Zillow, don don't think you can take it. However, it's not in Zillow. It's not. Oh, wow. But I think one thing about a lot of my Jewish friends I noticed is they do a good job of working together. You know, Jewish people are great business people.


And I, I don't wanna kind of be the guy who say, Hey, I have black friends, but like, I honestly like my agents, my managers, and they, they all come from companies that are overwhelmingly Jewish people. And, I have no problem with dealing with it. My, my, my, my, my utmost friend and, and, and the guy that I look up to is John Stewart. And I. He's the reason why I'm known to America. When I came on this show, he came to my show. I love him to death. He's my big brother and he's Jewish. don don't And I. That's why I don't fall into this like, Jewish, Jewish, Jewish now they're just like bad people that happen to be Jewish. And there's a bad people that happen to be Muslims. They have bad people that happen to be Christians and there are bad people that happen to be atheists.


I don't look through the zen lens of, of religion, but I can see people who would use religion in order to advance their policy the same way that ISIS and Kada used Islam in order to promote themselves as the only speaker of Islam. We as Muslim rejected it. And the way that Israel is speaking on behalf of all Jewish people, Jewish people, a lot of Jewish people are rejecting that because it's not antisemitism to attack Israel. It's not antisemitism to create criticize Zionism. It's just like freedom of expression. And that is why I don't, but they wanna reduce you. You're a Jew hater dude. Relax. I'm Not. Yeah. I don't like when people say, say that sort of thing. Yeah. It's always to shut down the conversation. To scare you, to intimidate you, to make people have like a negative reaction to you without even you speaking.


Dude, if I was a Jew, if I didn't, if I hated Jewish people, I would know. You would know. You would know. You know what I'm saying? Like, I feel like I'd be the first to know You'd go to New York and not eat bagels. You'll know. Yeah. Yeah. I, I feel like I would've a anything you a boy called bagels in New. York. Yeah. I don't do that, dude. Have you had debates with friends, like on this topic? A lot. Yeah. Many, Many times. Many times. And some of them, listen, some of them are set in their ways. Like anything like I I I, that's true for Americans, for Egyptians, I have debates about their Egyptian revolution with Egyptian friends who would never listen to my point of view. So yes, people, it's a very emotionally charged topic. So you'll have people coming in very emotional and they will not want to hear.


Yeah. Have you heard a good solution idea from a friend? No. A solution is in the occupation and, and treat everybody living on that end with e equally as, don't treat them as subhumans. That's, But at this point, say they ended the occupation. Right? Yeah. Those, the people. Nobody's, the kids are never gonna forget that. It's never gonna, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You have created a catastrophe. You have created something that will last for decades. Many of those people do not like America right now. They don't like Jewish people. Like now they don't like, Oh, you just realize, But Well, yeah, because it's American young men and women, and they're probably at some point gonna have to go and put their blood in a, in a field somewhere.


Yes. And I. I, I, as an American, I don't want America being involved in that in wars in the Middle East. don don't want America to be funding wars in the Middle East. I don't want our taxpayers money going to fund killing babies. This, I, I, I, I, some babies are assholes. I'll Say that. Some of them, some of them I Give you that not a lot of meat. Every now and then you're like, whoa, Dude. But, but, but like, you, you don't, you don't want your Money, but I'm joking too. Babies. Yeah. But but you don't want, you don't want your money to be part of that Destruction. Well, our country's fucking falling apart. Everybody is addicted or dealing with addiction, or families are dealing with loss from addiction. You kill people's spirits with the fucking bullshit.


Yeah. Plan for the vaccine. You know, like, Don't, don't make it worse and go and pay more money for destruction. Right. If it's already been fucked, like, deal with these fuckery, don't make it worse. Yeah. And don't go and, and, and fuck yourself even more. I wish you guys could settle it on the field. Or is there any sports that the, that Israel and Palestine play against each other? Circumcision. Oh, really? That's the only thing it's coming. And who's winning? Yeah. I, I I don know, like, I think we get, because there're more Muslims. I think we cutting more dicks than they Yeah, there you go. The year, huh?


This year, like on the nasdaq? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And let's see, when you see like the pain in, in the, like physical destruction and the human destruction that's happening over there, and just like the videos of people being like maimed and, and brutalized on both sides over there as a surgeon, that must make you feel some type of way too, huh? Yeah. And there's a lot of surgeons and doctors who've been to Gaza, and they come back with horrible stories. Really? Because Yeah, they're all over there. They, they tell you because all, every single hospital in Gaza is bombed. 36 hospital. All of them destroyed. You have like, maternal wards and, and incubators being killed. They have basically a, a con a place that has no basic needs and you're bombing the shit outta them every day.


And you, you, you say, oh, we, we, we couldn't get Hamas. It's like, it's like Israel. I think the IDF would be the worst in playing jingga. Yeah. You know, it's like, okay, this, this is a terrorist. Ah, the whole region went down. Well, you do think that if it's the army, is that acute that they would be able to be more articulate? You mean like killing people less discriminate, discriminating, Just like getting exactly who, whoever Hamas is. Yeah. They, They, they can, they can, but they don't care because, because we have seen them on video killing babies. We have seen, we cannot Just tell me it's by mistake. When you have babies with sniper bullets in their head.


Yeah. Right. Twice you can say, that's my mistake. You can say, oh, we trying our best. And then you blow up a, a a, an empty hospital or an empty school just for spite. Yeah. You can't say, oh, we are not doing that by mistake. And, and you keep, and, and you, you cannot have a war when 80% of the people are displaced. A hundred percent of the people are dis a hundred percent of the places destroyed. And, and, and 50% of the infrastructure is like, completely wiped out. Just, just, it's 8%. If it, it's just he can't, he can't. This is not war. This is, this is annihilation. And do you think it's gonna stop or no? Ah, it's been going on for eight months. And I don't know how much they're gonna continue.


And they, I think there was just, what's the latest? No, Nothing. Just, they just bombed the, there's a video of a, of a, of a, a refugee hospital, All Palestinians to leave Gaza's largest city. The latest Israel orders, all Palestinians leave. Yeah. Also, there's a video. Where Do they go if they're ordered to leave? They just in the rural areas are around there. They wanna push them into Sinai. But Sinai, they can't be. They closed and they can Sinai's closed. They, they, the borders with Sinai also, you can see there's a video of a refugee hospital, Israel, a refugee school in Gaza that the moment that they were playing football and Israel just drum a bomb and they were playing football. Well, Let me read this. Israel launched the war in Gaza after Hamas, October 7th attack in which militants stormed into Israel, killed some 1200 people, mostly civilians, and abducted about 250.


Since then, Israeli ground, offensives and Bombardments have killed more than 38,000, 58,000 People in Gaza. 13, according to territory's health ministry, it does not distinguish between combatants and civilians in its count. Wow. But yeah, that's the video. They were playing football. This is like a refugee camp. And then the moment, what Is a refugee camp? A Refugee school. They're like inside guys. They're all See, Oh, That's, that's a, that's every single day. Every single day. That's every single day in schools and in hospitals. Every single day.


That just happened two days ago. Yeah. Man. Yeah. I don't know. I just remember when I was a kid, my mom would say sometimes like, don don't know why we're sending Israel all this money. You know? But she never liked Netanyahu. Yeah. But whether Yahoo or money liked, she Looks like a bad guy. We send money to Israel even before net. The question is either, there's just like a lot of questions, and we need to be able to ask these questions without having fear of being canceled or destroyed, or having our career taken Away away from us. Well, we fucking threw that out the window this episode. I don't think You did anything wrong there. Don't think you did. Well, Man, Even listening though, sometimes No. Even listening now you're afraid of listening.


What happened to our American freedoms? It disintegrated to being afraid Of listening. Oh, as a human being, I'm okay. Okay. I think just my lot more, I get worried about being able to still do my job. You did nothing wrong, Theo. You get, you got a guy who spoke his mind, which is what Americans are. I agree. You, you just gave me, you gave me a, a platform to speak our mind. And you're bringing someone else who will say the opposite of what I'm gonna say. It's gonna be up to people to decide How do you like, support your Jewish friends, like just in the US and stuff or whatever, who disagree with the kind of, some of the situation there is that kind of tough Sometimes it Is tough for them. I, I have a lot of Jewish friends who are in disagreement with their parents, who are pretty much Zionist, and they are, they don't agree with that.


And a Zionist, what is it again? Just gimme one form. Okay. A according to Jewish people or Zionist people, it is just simply the, the having a national state of Israel. In, in the middle. In the middle. So that's big. But it's, for us, it's more than that. For us, it's more than this. It's not just the, this is what they tell you, just the dis establishment. But for us, they have done that by displacing people, colonizing their land and taking away their homes, taking away their land. For, for us, Zionism is not good. Okay. For who? For Arabs and Muslims, because they took out, they took a land from Palestinians under the pretense of this thing. And that they tell you it's decolonization. If it were moved out of the territory there, do you think that another group would move right into it?


No. Don don't. There's like, there's seven or 8 million Jews in Israel. That's a lot of people to move Out. Right. But I'm just saying, say, if that was vacated, would, would the Syria, would Syrian or Egyptians or somebody else cruise right in there? Because there are Already Palestinians there. And How many Palestinians live in Israel? They, Okay. There are, there are 3.5 million who live in the West Bank. 2.3 million live in, in Gaza. So a total of eight inside Israel in the, the territory, there are 2 million of Palestinians live in Israel, and there are 7 million Palestinians who live outside refugees. And where is one of the largest spaces of, of Palestinians outside of Jordan?


Jordan. Jordan. What about in America? No. Maybe they're Like half, maybe Michigan. I, don know Michigan. There's a lot of Muslims, but many of them are Lebanese. Many of them are Iraqis. Some of them are Palestinians. I think they are about like 400,000 in, in, in America. A total of 7 million outside of, of, of Palestine. 7 million. Some of them are refugees, some of them are citizens of other countries. Now, How much longer do you think Palestinians? I See 175. Yeah. Oh, 175,000 Palestinian Americans In, in America? Yeah. Wow. That's like 0.05. They're very Small. Some of 'em are on Wilshire. Every couple of every other Saturday. Yes. You talking about Yeah. Yeah.


Three of them. Some of them have the best restaurants here. Well, yeah. Yeah. I I, I'm, I'm super glad we got to talk about it. Sorry if some stuff I was kind of like trying to like, you know, I just, I think some stuff, I don't know what if it's like, I don't know what to say, I guess. And sometimes I just to listen 'cause don don't know how to, like some conversations. I just, you, you, you, you just don't know what to say or do Know. Yeah. And. I understand because for Americans, Americans have so much to worry about. They have to worry about their own daily life and their own, like paying their bills. And then it's like, why do we have to care about this remote place in the Middle East that we will never see? And now why is Yeah, It's a great question. This is like an everyday, this is an everyday, this is an everyday, why do we have And I, And I feel for them.


But the reason why Americans should care about that, because that is affecting our government, our democracy, our way of life. Because if you are an American, you think this is remotely remote from you. No, it doesn't because it affect the way that you speak about politics. You hear many times you say, don don't know if I'm going to go to jail. Well, if you talk about something that's happening that foreign shouldn't be worried about, going to jail should be worried about talking, talking about the government giving that much money for destruction. Yeah. So it affects you, whether you liked it or not, it affects you. Yeah. I think one of the bigger problems that we have is that we facilitate so much war and weaponry in the world to try and leverage things, but then maybe that needs to happen for us to have the safety we have.


And maybe we're, you know, it's just, it's hard to know all that stuff, how one thing affects the other, you know? But, but, But you see, I, I find that this is actually the end result of every conversation. Oh, we don't know. Maybe this is what will happen just in order. But that's like a way to stay complacent. Yeah, that's a point. Because what is happening is not right. All of this money, all of these billions of dollars coming out from our pockets, that is not right. And I'm talking about money, politics, and freedom. These are the three things that are the cornerstone of American life. That's a good point. Our politics, our freedom and our money. If we don't know where our money is going and why and why is our, our, our politics is being taken over by a foreign lobby, that that is wrong.


Yeah. And you need to start from there. Yeah. It just breaks my heart. I mean, I just, you see what happened is over there and it's heartbreaking. And it's like, well, how do, yeah. I just wanted to learn a little bit more about it. And I wanted to get some perspective from somebody that was at least able to speak about it and who is willing to speak up about it. You know? And you've, you've spoke vibrantly about it. And, and And I understand how difficult, it's because maybe some of your listeners, your audience don't really care about that stuff. So And I, maybe for them this is too heavy. But for the people who are interested, what you did is to bring a problem that affects us whether we like it or not. And I'm happy that you're bringing a rabbi to speak on a totally opposite level.


And I'm happy that when people have more questions, you bring more people to speak to you. I'm happy to come back again and talk to the people. And, because at the end of the day, you listen not just for entertainment, but for education. Yeah. And there's so many things in that world that I don't know. So I listen to shows that will tell me. So I just want, I'm not here to attack anybody. I'm not here to say bad things about anybody. I'm here to just invite people to be more curious and to understand how things work and to form their own opinion and not just give up to, oh, this is the way it is. We can't change anything. Because if you said that nothing will change. And then you'll come up tomorrow and you'll complain about why things are not changing.


It just needs to Starts from asking questions. Yeah. Asking questions. Open your mind. And, I will be more than happy to come back again and talk about, I'm sure that you can have so many questions, so many rebuttals. Like ask him this, ask him that. And I'm happy to come. And if he would get, get me on the show again. Yeah. And I'm happy to speak. You see how we talked? It was nothing. There's nothing threatening of what we did today. Yeah. There's nothing antisemitic. There's nothing Islamophobic. We didn't, we, I did. We didn't go and attack people from different faiths. We just talk about politics. And, I might be wrong, but prove me wrong. Oh. yeah. Ba, thank you so much, man. Thank you so much. I really appreciate you. Yeah. In Shaah, what do people say in Shaah is like if God wills, if God wills.


If God wills in Shaah. In Shaah. Shaah or Shaah? In Shaah. In Shaah. I was you say in Shaah. In Shaah. Yeah. That's it. Amazing. In Shaah, yes, you can, people can find you Besim, Yusuf, xyz or Besim at Instagram. I'm starting my Montreal, I'm coming 20th of July. Then I'm going a whole American tour in Florida, Chicago, Minneapolis. That's good. San Francisco, Chicago, Minneapolis, I said that. Yeah. Tampa, Orlando, Toronto. So I'll see you guys. Marvelous. Yeah. If you haven't seen this guy, watch this.


Also his interview with Pi, PI Morgan, it's, it's insightful and interesting and, and funny. Thank you. You know, and it's okay to say that, you know, we have to laugh in times of pain. That's why God put it into us. Thank you. And yeah, just thank you so, so much for your time, brother. Thank you for having me. Thank you for the space. Thank you for accommodating me. I appreciate you. Love all of your listeners guys. Love you all. Now I'm Just on the And I feel. I'm like these leaves, I must be cornerstone. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of bones.


Take.