
There's a new class of blockbuster drugs. Drugs like ozempic, they're changing bodies, and all of a sudden just the weight starts falling off. Fortunes. They Just got too expensive. They're just bank breakers And industries. There was a Lot of excitement. There was a lot of skepticism. The impact of these drugs from business to health is just beginning From the Journal. Trillion dollar Shot. Find it in the journal feed wherever you get your podcasts.


I got a few tour Dates to tell you about. Wallingford. Connecticut Portland Maine Bangor Maine Monton. Canada Las Vegas Nevada will be back for the U. SCLS. U football weekend. Oklahoma City Northern Little Rock Springfield Missouri Kansas City Missouri Sioux Falls South Dakota LA Cross Wisconsin green. Bay, Wisconsin Moline Illinois. You can get tickets for those at Theo Von dot com slash TO. Uur Thank you so much for your support. Today's guest is a drummer for one of America's greatest rock and roll bands ever called Motley Crewe.


you know it. And he also loves Japanese shrubbery. We're gonna learn some things about this little cat. He spent years behind the drum kit and he still gets it done. you know, And, I'm happy to get to today's guest is Mr. Tommy Lee. I sit And I.


I have a fucking dude. I got a ear, like one of my ears. I can't hear. I think there's something like I. Don't know what happened to it. It's just been getting, I'm at the age kind of, I feel like where if something starts like breaking, you're like, am I gonna go get it fixed or am I just gonna, Dude, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I, I get it. I get it. I'm like my, well, I have a reason for my shit. Yeah. you know, breaking down slowly, but yeah, You just, But I'm like, you know, fuck it. Do I fix it or do I just leave it? Yeah. I just say what a lot. Yeah, yeah. you know, It kind of fits in with your vibe too. You're like, I can't, yeah. Should timely be able to hear at this point?


Probably not, because He still deserve all of his senses. That's what a lot of people would vote, probably. you know? Dude, that's hilarious. Oh. But yeah, my shit's just like, I. Don't know what's going, but then I'm like, yeah, do I go get this shit fixed? Or am I just like, this is the part of my life where one of my ears is gone, you know? Or one of my, I just can't hear anymore, you know, outta one ear. What, What happened Did, you? I don't Know. Did something blow up? Or just like, lots of loud music or? No, I think just, I don't know. Could have just been listening to some chick's. Bullshit. I don't even know what happened. Newby. you know, or just, yeah, I don't know. It just me, And, I just haven't gone, had time. It's all good, man. It just is what it is, dude. That's cool. Yeah, I think it's been, it made some of my dreams kind of weird.


I keep having this. Do you ever have any like, recurring dreams? No. It's the fucking weirdest thing. I don't really dream a lot. Yeah. My wife dreams all the time. Every mor every morning she's like, oh my God. I had the craziest dream. And I. She's, she's like, you don't dream. I'm like, I, you lived one. I just, You know what I'm saying? I'm living it. Maybe if you get to live a dream, it's like God's like, Hey, we're not doing, you can't play both sides of the net, you know? That's Awesome. It could be. It could be because Dreams. Yeah. I think your, yeah. I don't know. That's kind of interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, you got to live such a dream, man. Do you ever, like, do you ever look at your life in your, and you think like, did I do it well enough?


Did I service the opportunity enough? Like, is there ever like, some thoughts like that kind of, Well, you're getting all Heavy. Is that weird? I don't Know. I think mostly I walk around with a shit load of gratitude. I'm j I'm, I'm constantly pinching myself. Like, fuck, I still get to do this. I still get to rock the fuck out. Go do this. Go do the, like, I. I get to live, man. So I've just been really grateful lately. 'cause could not be here. Yeah. You know? Oh, and yeah, you guys definitely.


Yeah. And Fuck, I wanna spaceship, man, I, I wanna hang around long enough because I'm still pissed. Dude. At the year 2000, we were supposed to have fucking, yeah. Where, where's my, where's my fucking my machine. I want to fucking just go, dude, go into Theos. I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. You think? Yeah. You'd think at this point we'd be able to email people to each other or something, or like, you know, email People. Yeah. Or think like send it. Yeah. Yeah. Just send it like a DoorDash shows up and you're like, oh, you're two houses off, and you just forward them.


That'd be crazy, bro. That'd be pretty great, actually. That would be, but sometimes I wonder, like if they had that travel where you could like, like warp or whatever, you know, like you could just go in a machine and then it sent, you know, you, you, you, next thing you know, you're in Cedar Rapids or something. It's like I wonder. Like, would you get, like, would some people show up in their fucking arms? Or like, it's like, you know, there's like a glitch or whatever. Something Failed in the transmission. Is that what you're saying? Like, you have a show like that night in Des Moines and they, they, they're like, fuck no arms. Yeah. You're fuck dude, send me back. Try this again. Yeah. And yeah, that would be the crazy part because sometimes you would just have to go do, like, if it's during Christmas and the holidays are so busy and they're like, oh, you got the wrong arms, and they like, mix you up or whatever.


You show up with like, some big fucking BLM arms or whatever. You're like, oh shit, dude. Dude. you know? I don't know what, I don't even know what I'm talking about. Tommy Lee Thanks for coming in, man. Thanks For having me, dude. This is fucking Cool. Yeah, it's really cool, man. Crazy dude. Just because like, I mean, obviously, like so many people tell you all the time, just gr you know, Dr. Feel good. Just so much of just like, I mean my brother would beat me, beat me to you guys' music. That's crazy. Yeah. I was the drum dude. I was a snare for my brother and it was awesome though. But it was loving, you know, it'd be like, you know, oh, Rob. But it was just, yeah, it was just so crazy. Like, we used to get all the rocker magazines and like, they'd always have like, you know, like, the pictures in there look so cool.


And the stories would be so kind of vague, but somebody would be kind of bleeding or something, you know? Remember those magazines, dude? Yeah. Yeah. Like ke ke Yeah. They're gone. They're gone. Kegar, or no? What was one of 'em? Ken Kagan? No. Is that it? Oh, Kang. Kang. Yeah. Kang was the European version. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Somebody got Kang in our neighborhood somehow and we would Kang. And then what are some other ones that we got? That shit was so great though. Circus Circus. Yeah. Circus Circus. Circus Circus was another one. Circus. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, it was so great when those came in. Ang. You guys are touring still?


Yeah, we're, we're kind of finishing up for the remainder of the summer. We're just doing some festivals here and there until, I think September we finish up. But we're still finishing up that last stadium tour. But the summer is now just some festivals kind of assorted here and there. Yeah. Which are kind of fun, man. Like Yeah. It's, it's different to, I don't explain it. These, they're kind of like, you probably are familiar with this kind of like, one-off stuff. 'cause you, you're doing comedy, you like fly in and do a show, come back, you know, where on a tour you get on a bus and you, you know, come fucking home for a year and a half.


Yeah. So these weekend ones are fun. We just did one this, this the last weekend and literally left from Van Nuys, went to Minot, played the show, and was back 24 hours later. And it was just like, this is kind of cool too. Yeah. It's weird to kind of start up and stop like that. Yeah. But it is cool because you're in and out. Yeah. It's weird. It's like, there's times when it's like, I'll be out on the road and I'll be like, God, I wanna be home. But then, but then I'll be home And. I'm like, I wanna be out on the road. And then sometimes it gets to a point where it's like, I don't even know if I want to be home anymore, Dude. I get, that's the exact, the grass is always greener.


If you're out on the road, you're like, fuck man, I'd kill to sleep in my own bed. And then when you're at home, you're like, fuck, I want get back out. Yeah. You're like, my own bed is my wife you's never happy. like, I gotta get outta here. Fuck. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah. It's, it's definitely, you find it Hard to re to, to relax. Do you like to just keep, keep it moving? Yeah. I wanna keep going. Yeah. I, I get that vibe from you. like, I Wanna keep going because I think you start to do some things, you know, like, oh, well, what else could I do? you know, And, I don't think you know that until you do some so till some little opportunities come. You're like, oh, wow, this is possible. And you're like, well, what else could I do? What else am I capable of? Am I using my skills to the best? you know?


Right. Trying to be better man. Yeah. Trying to be better. Always. I get it. What, what Keeps you, how do you like, relax these days? Like, what kind of calms you out? Dude, about like seven or eight years ago, I got into fucking Bonsai, man. And that's like, that's been like, like a lifesaver. you know? It started out as just a fascination from all the times going to Japan. I'd always go to the Japanese gardens. It'd be like, fuck, this is, this is the most peaceful, beautiful shit I've ever seen in my life.


How do I gimme some? Yeah. How do I, how do I gimme A couple grams of that? Right. Dude, it's kinda like nature by the gram. It's, it's, yeah. And I just started fucking watching YouTube videos on, on the art of it and, and the practice of it and how to do it. And, I. I just, I just went down a rabbit hole. And I found it to be the most relaxing, fulfilling, you know, get me close to nature shit. To like, just even me out. 'cause I'm, I'm like you too. I'm pretty fucking hyper. I don't really like to sit still much. But that was like, I found my, I found my thing, man.


Oh, Wow. This is it. Yeah. I thought they were way smaller than that. That's you Disney? Yeah. In the white shirt. Yeah. Oh my God. Dude, I thought that was a lesbian. No offense, dude. I know a lesbian. But yeah, I thought like, holy, sorry bro. I was like, looking for you, dude. Oh, that's awesome. And this one came with real, This is in this, this is in Nashville right outside of Nashville. That's at Bjorn's nursery. Oh, wow. He's, he's now moved on to Japan. But yeah, that's kind of a, that's, that's on the large size Bonsai.


Yeah. There's, there's much, I mean, there's little, little guys and damn. Medium, large All. So what is it, it feel, because it almost looks like right there, like, it's almost like a god, like you're a God over this little tr it's like, that's what it looks like right there. 'cause I never realized how it looks like a whole big tree is compact, huh? Yeah, that's basically what it is. I mean, people go up into the mountains and they'll dig out, you know, 20, 30, 40, 50-year-old trees and bring them back, cut 'em down, cut 'em all back, and put 'em in a small pot and just kind of start over. And that's years and years of work, really.


Yeah. The, so it takes a lot of work to get a bonsai to really grow y Yeah. To look looking like that a lot of years. Wow. Yeah. So it is kind of, yeah, you're right. It's, it's a project and you're, it's, it's, you're calling it Godlike, but like, it's, you know, you're putting in a ton of love and your time and everything into this tree that you're, you know, it's like a person almost. Oh yeah. I bet it. So there, there's a lot, there's a lot more gratification from just it being a tree. Yeah. For me, like I, I just love all that man. Really. I got like, I, think I'm at around 43 trees now.


Like it's, I'm fucking obsessed. Damn. Yes. You're an addict. Really? Yeah, I'm an addict. Yeah. Yeah. And you keep 'em inside? Or where do you keep 'em at? I bring them inside and enjoy 'em, like when the sun goes down. Damn, Bro. But, but, but most trees people, that's the first thing people, the mistake they make, you know, I don't know. If you're driving around, you see the guy by the side of the road in a van selling those little bons eyes. You ever see that, that shit driving to the beach or something? Oh, yeah. If you're heading towards Malibu or something on PCH. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, people, the first thing people do is go like, oh yeah, I gotta get one. I want a Bonsai. And they put it inside and they fucking, they kill all the trees.


They, that's the dude. Yeah. These are like, dude, these are junipers and pines and shit like that. They don't grow indoors. Oh. So, but these pe these guys don't tell people that. I mean, there's very few that will grow inside, you know, some of the FCUs and, but that very few, most, most bonsai trees, specimens grew up go outside. So it says right here, the practice of bonsai development incorporates a number of techniques, either unique to Banza or are used in other forms of cultivation. Like, so you trim the leaves, like Yeah. What all the things you do to 'em. Yeah. You, well, I mean, you're constantly pruning, trimming, f fertilizing wiring.


Like, you take the, you know, different gauge wire and you, you, you're telling the branches where to go, you know, styling the tree all out with, oh God, it's, you know, your, you, you are sort of dictating how this thing's gonna, you know, huh? Your vision of how the tree will, you know, look it's best. And is there a certain time when you go do it, Tommy, or is it just kind of like, you're like, you know, I'm feeling this would be something to do today. Like, how much of a responsibility is it as an owner? I, it's daily, man. It's like, it's like, it's like, it's just part of the program.


And, I. I'll wake up and like rip some coffees and cigarettes and then I go out and talk to the trees and chill out for a while. Kinda get the, get the day started. Right, man. Oh, for sure. You're a grower and a show, dude. That's what's crazy, bro. I can't even believe that. Wow. That's fascinating. You'd lo You'd love it, man. I bet I would know if you like tripping out and just creating shit. But Yeah, if you like out, if you like trees and you like creating, I love being creative. And the cr the wild thing is once life gets busy, it's hard to be as creative. It's hard to like do as much.


It's hard to be as creative. I feel like Did, you ever feel like that with, with touring and stuff? It's like, 'cause I can only imagine for you guys, I mean, it seemed like it was kind of, once you like launched it was just like a brush fire, huh? With With your band. Yeah. Yeah. Like, fuck man. Since kind of nonstop. Yeah. Since, you know, I mean, you're, it's all, you're always, always fucking doing something. If you're not touring, you're in the studio making the music. If you're not making the music, you are taking a break to start a new record.


Or the, like, You know what I mean. You're always doing shit. So Was there choices that, I Don't know what the fuck I'm getting at, but it's All right. I don't even know what the fuck I'm talking about. It's okay, man. What's one of the hardest parts about being about success as a group? Did you find kind of, because success as an individual, kind of like, you have partners and you have teammates, and you have people that support you. Sure. But like, as a group, it's like there's, it's almost like you divided by four. So, or like, or, you know, by however many people are in your band. So it's like, fuck, it just seems like it'd be so hard to navigate, to keep everything going, to maintain the success That Yeah.


That's, you're, you're 100% right, man. Like, anytime there's more people other than yourself involved balancing, you know, four, three other guys and making that work is really rare, man. Really, really rare. And it's not easy. And somehow we've managed to fucking keep it together. Like, there's, there's only a handful of bands that Totally. That are, that are still doing it. Oh yeah. you know, shit, all of our, our peers just fell off here, fell off there and like, that's what I was saying.


I'm like just really grateful because it, the kind of shit doesn't really happen all the time. I don't really know how to explain it. I'm just, Were you kind of the glue in it? Do you feel like, were you kind of the peacekeeper? Like what, what was your kind of role? Do you feel like, or were you more like part of the problem or you know, or, you know what I'm saying? Like, because you could be one or the other and some days it's day to day, it's like some days I know it's like, okay, today I am part of the solution and today I am part of the problem. Yeah, dude, I'm absolutely both. Yeah, absolutely both. But you gotta have that right. I guess. I don't know. Some people are good at just being part of the solution. I feel like. Yeah, that's true. That's probably the better way. Yeah. But I just don't know if I Yeah, And I think, but that's Kind of boring though.


Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. But I just, yeah. I can't imagine that you guys survived that much. 'cause so many bands just disappeared. So many of them people, singers died. Like, yeah. Even like Stone Temple Pot, like Scott Wand, you know, like when I was growing up, like that was a crazy dude. Yes. That sound was just something else. Dude. The best. Yeah. I loved STP Did. you ever get to Did? you guys ever tour with them or? No? We never toured with them, but we were on a couple of festivals with them. Yeah. you know, that's, that's what kind of where everyone meets up you when you're on festivals. Yeah. And it's like the Pumpkins, Motley Crue. STP fucking Van Halen. Like, You know what I mean. That's where you, that's where everybody links up and you're all, That's Fun.


The festivals are fun, man. Yeah. Festivals. Because otherwise you're just kind of by yourself, you know? I mean, you're with your ba at least with the, you know, you're with your like coworkers and your band mates. But Yeah. It's kind of a, yeah. People think that there's like all, everybody always hangs out together and it just doesn't get to happen like that a lot. No, pretty much only festivals. you know, when you're, you're out touring with another band. It's just you guys. Yeah. Or Christmas parties. You ever, have you ever throw any sick Christmas parties or Did? you ever have a party? Some people have like, this is the year, this is the time of year. I threw a fucking party every year and it rocks. Oh, whoa. I mean, I've thrown some parties, but nothing like every year.


Like, you know that, like that this is the one, do you do that? No. No. Rages. Oh. I mean, I've thrown, I mean, a lot of, no, a lot of times I would've end. I'm getting drugs and then doing them by myself at home. That's the best. Yeah. Yeah. It was like the scariest and the best though. And it was like, I would, I would like rip some cocaine and I'd be like, alright man, I'm gonna get my shit together. Things are gonna be different. And then I would just walk in the other room and they'll like, I, gotta go check on that cocaine, And I. Like, go back J just one more before I go to sleep. Yes. And yeah, That's the craziest dude. Oh dude. The hardest thing to do is hide your cocaine in the other room, dude.


Yeah. God, And, I would try to hide my cocaine from myself. Dude. I remember there would be times I would even blindfold myself. Right. And like get outta Yeah. Walk around my apartment like this. Right. With the cocaine in my hand and then kind of throw it somewhere. Right. Or like, and sometimes I would even, I would get dizzy and then just throw it like that while I was spinning. So you don't Know where it went. Yeah. And then, dude, seven minutes later, dude, where the fuck, oh, I would've moved everything from one side of the other. Like f just fucking, ugh. Oh, you in an apartment? So you'd have to move everything so quietly, dude. And when you're high on cocaine, the sound, any sound is the loudest, is so loud. Oh dude. Oh my God.


Because I think you don't want to not hear maybe some cocaine in the distance. You're like, holy shit was that some cocaine? you know? But then it's like, I get my skin starts getting warm and it feels like my heart is like, I. Don't know if we're gonna keep beating or not. And you're like, all right, hold on. Let's, let's, let's calm down a little bit, you know, or let's write a will Did. you ever write a will or anything like that? No. No. That's pretty heavy, dude. Yeah. Yeah. I was, even when I was dying, I guess I was kind of a chatty Cathy or whatever. But yeah, I was fucking write a will did. I've written probably, yeah, 16, 17 wheels over the years. Oh my God.


That's wild. Oh, sad. Did you. 'cause I would feel, feel bad Did, you, you know, if somebody found me or whatever, I'd want 'em, you know? Oh, you have it all Kind of panned out. Like, hey, sorry, you know, my bad. I would start with usually or something like that. like I dunno. Like, because you wanted to ease him into it, you know? Oh my God, dude. Did you. Like if when you, Because we had the same sober date at one time, you may not even remember it. Yeah. Yeah. We, I remember I went to a meeting one time, this probably about four years ago, and it was at a house meeting in Beverly Hills. Yeah. And, yeah, nice guy. It would let us people use his home even if he wasn't there.


And, and we had the same, I wanna say it was like October 17th or something, but I could be totally wrong. And then I lost that at some point. Yeah. And I did too. Okay. All alright. you know what, dude, here's the problem. Tell me what it's, Here's the problem, and maybe this is true for you, right? When I get to a fucking year, I'm so excited that I fucking did something for a year that I wanna celebrate. Yeah. And so I only make it a year every fucking time because I'm so pumped.


I'm like, fuck yeah. And then I party and then I'm like one. Yeah. Fuck. Every time, dude. And you Have long arms, so I bet raising your hand in the meeting sucks the most. Dude, if you have like short arms, like people are like, I didn't even see him. Yeah. But you fucking throw That fucking giraffe Up there and people like God. Oh dude. And it is kind of, it is kind of messed up though. 'cause there is that level of excitement at hitting one year that makes you just want to fucking Yes. Rearrange somebody's fucking asshole, you know? Yes. Yeah. You want to fucking celebrate because you actually, you did something. Fucking dude did something really good. Yeah. you know, you just fucking, I don't know.


You're proud. Yeah. You wanna celebrate. Fuck. What, do you remember the first line of cocaine you ever did? Or no. A what You remember the first time you ever did cocaine or? No, The fir the very first time I did Fuck no. Wow. I don't, I remember the first time I did acid, but I don't remember the first time I did cocaine. Yeah. I can't imagine not remembering it. But that's, that's awesome that you don't, and it, you probably should if, yeah. I think people sometimes probably look at you and be like, that dude. No way. That dude remembers the first time he did cocaine, You know? Yeah.


Is that a good thing or a bad thing? Do you remember? Yeah, I remember, dude, I was in Tucson and this dude used to bike to work all the time. Right? He was in his forties and that was a dead giveaway that he did a lot of cocaine. My buddy Dennis, he was a busboy like me, which was also a dead giveaway that this dude was obviously using his money and extracurriculars dude For Cu and he would get all coked out bike to work in the desert. And I'm like, this dude's a fucking animal, you know? And he had severe sunburn all the time. Whoa. And yeah. And he took me to a party and it wasn't a party, it was just two guys doing cocaine upstairs somewhere at a apartment complex.


And And I walked in and this dude comes up from doing some cocaine and he only had one eye. I remember And, I was like, I thought, like, in my head. I was like, oh fuck, I wonder if he like hid it so hard. It just like sucked his eye back into his head. Like, that's where part of my brain was. And I was kind of scared. And I was like, like young and they were all older. But then, yeah, we started doing some cocaine and the guy had a bunch of free oranges there because he, I guess he had some oranges nearby or something. Oh. And yeah, I remember eating oranges and doing some blow and then Yeah. Catching the Combo. Yeah. So obviously pretty sad.


And you'd think God would be like, Hey, this is such a lame experience, you're not gonna want to do this again. But then it just like I don't know. There was times, yeah, I don't wanna romanticize it too much. 'cause I don't want somebody going out there and just getting rid of their family right now. But it's like, yeah, There's some kid out there right now gathering oranges. Yeah, I gotta do this. Things that are gonna change. But yeah, then it just, like, sometimes it was fun. I mean, if you were involved in like sex or hooking up with it just added excitement. It had like a dangerous element. you know, that kind of shit was fun.


There's some famous comedy duos out there that really get it done. I'm talking about Spade and Farley Key and Peele Sigfried and Roy's all of them. But what about the perfect duo when it comes to building your business? That's you and Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business, from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the, did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. you know, we had a, a moment in our business where we'd been selling T-shirts out of a basement near Akron. And things had to change. And, and, and That was great, but we just had to just take another step. And Shopify helped. It was a breakthrough for us. And we got to the next level with our store. And now I now we're able to complete orders of things that people want in a timely manner. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash theo. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash t now to grow your business. No matter what stage you're in. Shopify dot com slash theo, all lowercase


Did. you ever find subscriptions that you forgot about or that you paid twice for and didn't realize it? I had, I got caught up with an outfit of every month they send you an umbrella. It was umbrella something, it, you know, hella umbrellas or something. I got, next thing I got so many umbrellas, you know, just, God, I just, I'll never get wet. But I just didn't need that many. Thankfully, Rocket Money helped me cancel the subscription who otherwise it would've been so time consuming, that's for sure. How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I definitely did. Thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. Rocket. Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. You don't need them umbrellas. Cancel your un unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash theo. That's right. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions. Just go to Rocket Money dot com slash THEO Rocket Money dot com slash theo.


Yeah. What about lsd? Man, I'm trying to, what was the first time you ever did it? The first time I ever did it, I was fucking 13. Damn. I know, I, I know. Sorry, but that's crazy. Yeah. And I Who had it? This, this girl that from my school. She had it. And fuck, what a fucking trip, man. That shit was wild. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And you know, you immediately, you do all the shit that you heard you're not supposed to do. Like, dude, whatever you do, don't look in the mirror.


Right. Where's the mirror? Yeah. And ah, you know, like doing all the, all the dumb shit. But Yeah. Watching your skin fucking kind of breathe a little bit. That shit was always pretty cool. Yeah, Dude, I remember fucking this, it's a long story, but towards the end of the end of the night, I had like a, you remember, you know, that classic Farrah Faucet poster with The big, the Red big nipples ripping through her bathing suit? Yeah. It was a, it's a classic Farrah Faucet poster. Yeah. That's the one dude. God boy. Yeah. That was on the, on my wall. Mm.


By the side of my bed. And I. Just, I just remember looking over at, at that and just, just, just, I couldn't figure out like those, how, how are those nipples that fucking hard? They're like, yeah, they're like sausages, And, I would just, I just stared at 'em. I don't know why. Yeah. Those are obsessed. Those fucking NASA hats. Yeah. Look, I mean, those bitches are fucking, those things are taking the Hey, the turkey's done, brother. you know, full On. Damn. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That, But that's crazy. Like, was there a point where you started, 'cause you st once you become like, as famous as you guys have ha have become in your lives.


You get to meet all the hottest chicks, dude. Yeah. You kind of do. And was that weird, like, if you get to meet the hottest chicks, you're like, holy shit, these are the hottest chicks. Yeah. you Know, it's, it's weird Because it's, it's definitely, I, I can easily tell you what it's like not getting to meet those chicks. Right. like, I can meet some chicks, right. I'll meet like, but if you are like, dang, that's the hottest chick, you know, and then you're just there talking to 'em, you know, that had to be crazy. Or were you good with chicks even early on in your life? Not really. Not really.


It was kind of a kind of like, like, like more like loaner. Like, I'm just like, you know, go, I, I couldn't wait to get outta school and go home and play my drums in the garage. Oh, okay. Even if it was by yourself. I, Yeah. like I, I wasn't like really chasing skirt, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Until later. Do What about your first kiss? Do you even remember it or No? I do, dude. Yeah. And the, I don't know what it is about this, but it was the most romantic, most, at least in my eyes.


Yeah. you know, fuck, I don't even know. It was, it was this little girl down the street we used to play all the time. We friends. I think I was probably five. Oh damn, you're gonna say 15. No. I was like, God, I'm a fucking late Bloomer dude. Yeah, dude. Five. Whoa. Loaner boy. Yeah, like five. And, and we were playing, we were playing like hide and seek or something in the front yard. And we ran ar I was looking for her and she was around behind these bushes and there are these bushes. They had this, like, they had a bunch of these little red berries on there.


And, I. Don't know what the fuck came over me. I was like, I picked a berry. And I And I put it. I said, let's kiss And I. Put the berry in between our lips. Yeah. And I. Don't know what that was supposed to signify or what that meant, but, you know, I don't know. I grabbed a berry And I just thought it would be the coolest thing ever to Yeah. Put a berry between our lips And she did It. And we did it. And I'll never forget that shit for the rest of my life. Kind of romantic really. It, It's just, it's it's weird. Yeah. Definitely weird dude. In my eyes, it was like, I was like, I had grown up.


I was like, whoa. I just did it. Yeah. I did the thing Onto the next thing. Yeah. like I don't know what the berries was supposed To. I think it's also, well it's kind of a bait thing. It could be like the apple from like the Bible or something, you know? Who knows? Yeah. You don't know what little fables getting in your head. It could have been like from that thing where they got the two animals eating the spaghetti or something. you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Or it could have been like, it could, you know, for all I know, maybe there was some danger in there. Like, this is poisonous. Oh Yeah. A little bit of Romeo and Juliet. We, But we're gonna pull this off. Like Yeah. you know, we we're above the poison.


I, I don't know. Like, let's Take a risk here together. Yes. you know? I like that you in here's a five milligram berry, let's Go. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Maybe, You know, they like, maybe That's where my, my, my mind was. 'cause there had kind Of a romantic, you think growing up a little bit. Full on. Yeah. Full on, dude. Just a sucker. A sucker for a woman that showed you attention kind of thing. Well just like, just a sucker for like, surprise for, you know, fuck just Romance. The chase, the, oh yeah. you know? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Dude, fuck.


Oh yeah, dude, I remember seeing a girl one time for the first time. I mean, I'd seen my sisters, but they were kind of whatever, you know. But I remember, I remember just like, we were on a, I was on like, what was a vacation or something, but somebody had driven us somewhere. And I. Remember you were With, you were with your sisters? No, I, I, well, I'd seen my sisters or whatever, but it never, you know, I'd never had any, like, you know, I'd never looked at them, obviously, like as girls I guess. Really? Oh yeah. But they're more like your, your Bros. Yeah. They're just like my brothers with like tits that I'll never see, you know? Which is Fine, Dude. Which is fine. 'cause that's how God wants it, you know? I mean, if God wanted you to see your sister tits, he'd have made him your cousin. That's what my uncle used to say all the time.


But he was a fucking weirdo. And he is, he's gonna be, I mean, I dunno if he's doing fine or whatever, whatever. But I remember, dude, I went to Dallas or Houston or somewhere, I don't know, it might have just been across town, but I went by this river. And I was just getting something from this, picking up rocks or just doing some things that kids do or something, trying to step on a temple. And I looked over and there was like a girl there and her family might have been like 20 feet away. I don't know. But in my mind it was just me and her. It was like, yeah, And I was like, what? Whoa. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, she, yeah, I went into some negative place, but it was just magical man. It was the first time I'd just seen like a girl. And then when I got a little older, or My baby Did, you kiss this girl or No?


No, I just looked At her. It was just, you just like, oh my God. Wow. What is it? Yeah, what Is that? Yeah, It felt like I felt like a net, like a, like someone who was explore, like, like Christopher Columbus, And, I just landed on a new land. It was like I just never, I was like, oh, this is so different. Looking at her. Yeah, What is this? Where am I? And then I, my babysitter gave me a ride to summer camp one time. This was like when I was probably 10 or 11. And she reached over and put the seatbelt on me. And it was like the first time I'd had like a wo like a woman kind of like, I think Caringly do something for me. It felt like, and she turned on Bon Jovi. Oh wow. And I was like, I just wanted her to play Bon Jovi a million times.


And, I, K And, I And I kept taking my seatbelt off and she would put it back on And. I was like, this is fucking living. My seatbelt came off again. Yeah, Dude. Oh, every time just put Your hand near my dick. Yeah, I was just saying Again, please bump up against it. I love it. Dude. That was pretty, so yeah, some of that stuff like yeah. All that young, I loved all of that energy, man. That shit was crazy. Yeah. Dude, I'm trying to think of like what other skills Did you have before you started playing tunes and stuff. Wait, Wait. I wanna know about your first kiss. Okay. My first kiss, dude, somebody, they had this girl in her neighborhood had kind of a bit of a chipped tooth, kind of.


She looked kinda like Lloyd Christmas, remember from that movie? I don't know. Like, there he is right there. Lloyd Christmas. Oh, okay. She had a little bit of that. Right. No way, dude. Like, he's got a real pitch. He, he, she A full Split. No, she's got kind of a sandwich. No, zoom in. More on that grill piece there. Daddy. See how it's kind of got that sandwich we going the notch Out. Yeah. Got it. She had a little bit more of a pitching wedge. It was a little bit more there than, than Jim Carrey has here. But some kids locked us like in a room and made us kiss, kiss each other. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Some kids locked you two in a room And said you guys better fucking kiss each other or you're not coming out.


Oh, wow. And I. Think one of 'em, one of 'em called us. Everyone's like, whoa. What? At least all want do. Well, all right, let us figure it out a little. Yeah. But it was just fucking, you know, just whoa. Just older mean kids during the summer just bored, you know? Oh no. So this is a bad experience. Oh, it Was kind of bad. Yeah. I didn't even think about that. It was kind of bad. Yeah. Oh fuck. And then I think after that, I think, oh dude, I never thought about it. Yeah. After that I was always so nervous around, I was like super nervous around him. Oh wow. But you know, you figure it out and that's part of your deal, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You figure it out and that's part of your deal. Yeah. Was it hard for you to like be in love since your life was going that fast?


Like, what was that like? Difficult. 'cause like, like I just always, always say like, long distance. Love is just, it's extremely fucking difficult to keep a relationship when you're constantly fucking going con it's, yeah. It's, it's nearly impossible. Like, you know. Yeah. you know, to and to be successful at it for a few years here and a few years there, pretty rare Did you have any of your marriage, because you've been married a few times. Yeah. Yeah. Did, you have any that you felt like you had to go back and make an amends to or something like that?


Are you still on good speaking terms with your ex-wives and stuff? Or is it Yeah. Well I'm cool with all of 'em. We're cool. you know, it's all good. Did any of it happen so fast? You're like, gee, I don't even know what happened because I can only imagine this, that your life, like a lot of it just felt like it went so, because it just, you know, things get going fast. Like my life sometimes gets a little fast. I'm like, I don't even know what's going on anymore. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shit flies, man. When you spending most of your time just hanging on, you're like, dude, fuck, slow down. What, what is happening here? Yeah. Yeah.


Was it, what were your parents like? Were they pretty proud of you and stuff? Or what was that kind of relationship like with them? Was it weird becoming famous and stuff and then like They, you know what, they were super, super supportive, I guess. you know, I'm, I'm really lucky both of them were extremely fucking supportive. Well, I, you know, I, go ahead. No, I think, yeah. 'cause I think sometimes it's like, I dunno, sometimes there's a weird thing about fame where it's like, or popularity where it's like you almost feel like you don't belong to you or anyone anymore. A little bit.


Ah. Like, does that make any sense to you? Like there's so much you out there that you just belong to everybody. Yeah. I don't know what I'm Talking about. Yeah. No, I, I, I, Shoot. Fuck man. We should have never talked, you know? Neither one of us knows what we're saying. Damn. Dude. Those guys are on some other shit, bro. They'll, they'll rewind and catch up later. Yeah. Yeah. Don't be the mustard catch Up, bro. That's the fucking dumbest joke. That's awesome. I love that one. Don't be the mustard. Catch up, dude. My favorite joke I ever heard is, what's the last thing you want to hear when you're given a blow job to Willie Nelson?


Oh. Oh, I'm not Willie Nelson. Oh, dude. Oh dude. That'd Be the fucking worst. What the Fuck? That'd be the worst to be given a blowjob to Willie fucking Nelson, bro. Dude. And he's like, I'm not Willie Nelson. Who the fuck Are you, dude? Oh my God. My God. Jesus. Dude. Dude, what did I, oh, I read somewhere that used to do baller when you were young. Did you. Is that true? Yeah. Dude, Do you remember it Taps tap dancing and ballet. I do remember it.


And I mean, the shit was cool. you know, like Tap dancing is still pretty fucking cool. I think Tap dancing was fucking rad because you're essentially making fucking beats. Yeah. You're basically drumming with your feet. You know, you, it's rhythmic. And it was right up my alley. I loved it. And then my sister was taking ballet, And I And I went one time. And I was like, and there's, it's fucking loaded with fucking just beautiful girls. And immediately I'm like, oh, I wanna do this. Yeah. So I dove right into both tap dancing and ballet.


And then that day happened when, you know, it was like time for the big recital and your picture's in the paper, the local paper. And I'm, you know, in fucking tights dancing with this beautiful girl, But nobody Saw that. And the next day at school, man, it was just like, dude, you are a, what are you? A like, what the fuck? And I quit. I quit dancing the fucking next day. I was, I was just like, I couldn't handle the peer pressure. Yeah. But I'm like, wait a second, these all my friends at school are calling me, you know, but I Got a check. Fucking fucking gay. But I'm like, you, you all are fucking spanking each other in the locker room and whipping each other with towels.


like I don't know. I don't know where you're getting the gay shit from because I'm here with these girls. This is what's happening over here. Fuck you guys. I can't believe I quit. See, that's why, That's why I let them fucking, I let them Dictate it. Yeah. Oh yeah. So many kids do. But I couldn't handle the peer pressure, man. Dude, if you've done ballet with a dip in though, they would've fucking came around. I bet that would've been if you'd have put a fucking big third baseman's chew in your mouth, dude, they'd have been like, yeah, this motherfucker's fucking dude. That's what I should have done. It's so true. Yeah. It was like, so much was dictated by what the neighborhood kids felt, man.


Yeah. And the easiest thing for somebody to do is to call you a bitch, call you a, call you a pussy, just something to like, kind of shut you down. Yes. It's kind of crazy. That's how so much of art like, gets kind of really stymied. But I think in your condition, it seems like that, like the rhythm found a way outta your fucking body. It was like, oh, it's gotta come outta here. Yeah. you know? Absolutely, man. It's Like gonna, yeah, it's gonna come outta my hands or my wiener eventually too, because you Yeah. That, that thing even had a pay-per-view. But dude, I love this bro. When I was a kid, You know what I used to watch, dude, I won't even lie about it. Oh man. Shirley Temple movies, dude. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, Bro. I'll tell you the craziest story, dude. I went in, it was like one of the first auditions I ever got when I got to la They're like, alright, you need to sing a song for us, dude, And I.


No way. I swear To God, bro. And I think I'd just been on something. Or I've been watching some fucking S temple, dude. And Dude, I gotta see this. Oh No, there's, you're Like, no, no. And I sang his fucking some song from something she did. And these people looked at me like, God, this is just, something's uncomfortable here. Even them even, they were like liberal probably. And they were all closeted or re re closeted or whatever it had been like, you know, they were probably, You know, Whatever section It Was an, it was an audition, right? Yeah. And they're just like, we need you to sing now. Oh dude, And I just sang I damn Shirley Temple song, dude. Oh, no.


Fucking Way. Yeah. What the the hell were you auditioning for? Fucking fuck dude. If they're wanting you to scream and fuck them, bro. That's what y'all get, bro. Y'all don't wanna fuck with some real shit. Y'all ain't getting any more of it, dog, dude. So that's that dude. But yeah, so you went in there. You think also to meet the ladies, huh? Oh, hands down. Yeah, hands down. I went into and watched my sister and in her class there was, I was just like, oh, what am I doing? Yeah. Why am I not here? Yeah. I want to be doing this. Yeah, Dude. Oh, that's the best man. Yeah. What about your first time having Sex? Did? you ever remembered it or no?


First Yes. Oh yeah. Was it exciting or scary? Do you think? It was, it was both. Yeah. It was all, it was everything. you know, like, all kinds of crazy shit going. Was it a surprise or was it planned Going down for the first time? I guess it was, I guess it was kind of planned. Yeah, it was with my next door neighbor. Yeah. Damn, dude, you didn't even, Brenda, you couldn't walk down the street without somebody trying to fuck ya, huh? Oh my God. God, dude. I, I, I, Brenda, Brenda. Wow.


Yeah. I can say the first name right? Totally. Dude. And dude. And it was my, and my, we're talking about my sister earlier. My sister's best friend, like best friend. I, I, I bring Brenda into my dad built a, a like a, a room inside, Like a bomb shelter or something of, of The garage. Like a, a soundproof room where I could play drums Really? And not like bum him out. Yeah, totally. So I had this like, little, like, box inside the garage, little soundproof room.


And it was like my fucking fort, you know? Yeah. And I was like I man. I, I really like this chick. I, I, I want to like I, want to fucking bang this girl. And I And I. So I brought her into my, like, my like spot. Yeah. And turned the lights out Out completely. Was it completely dark? Yeah. Wow. Completely dark. I don't know why. Gosh, man. But It's Adventurous. Yeah. And we're fucking going at it, you know, it's, there's all that weird shit that's happening and you're like, whoa, this feels crazy, blah, blah, blah. Whoa, what's happening? What's going on? What's happening? She's, you know, all the wi the feelings are going and my fucking sister walks in.


No. And I'm be, I'm fucking her best friend. And she just goes, ah, and she, she and she runs and tells my mom no. And my parents. And Did they come in the room then? Everybody, everybody's in trouble. We get put on restriction. We're not allowed to see each other like I. It was a great and terrible experience because Romeo and Juliette almost. 'cause then you had to, you couldn't see each other anymore. Yeah. And we, and we, we could see each other from our bedrooms. No. And we'd just, I'd just be like, Hey, I'm a dreamer. Yeah. Dude, that song comes, I swear out of a fucking movie.


Oh, sweet. It really literally just came into my, just seeing the kids just waving, Dude. Gosh. Yeah. Kind of. It was both. It was all of it. Yeah. Do you remember your f Yeah, dude, I got caught into some bullshit in town and Oh, dude, the crazy, the first time I tried to get a bj, right? So there was this girl who was doing BJ's, right? Whoa. And she was like the funniest girl in town. Like, she always made me laugh and stuff like that. And, and she, And I liked each other. Oh, cool. And then, but she had like, seen somebody else with something and then she had do, started doing BJ's, And I was like, but then, and then she liked me.


And I was like, oh my God, dude, what if I'm the guy who like gets a BJ amongst our people, whoever was like, I just don't even know if I could handle that. Like, people being like, hell, it was the BJ or whatever. Oh, you're getting fucking BJs. you know, you little pussy. Just shit like that. you know what I'm saying? This fucking, yeah. Yeah. Like, you just can never win with humans. Right. And so people Suck. Oh, it's unbelievable. And so I remember like we, it was some girl's birthday party and we had planned to go meet behind a tree. Right? And so she went over there and the tree she picked, it was a pretty narrow tree, right? And so she was gonna, I was gonna receive the BJ right behind the tree, right?


Oh. So we go back there, we're kind of talking and it's fucking so uncon, like all my fucking blood is literally like, it's kind of hiding from my penis because my blood and my blood's like, when do we go send us in? you know? I'm just like, stay up here, we gotta talk. We're good. you know, Dude. And I'm like scoping things out and there's like a dog like fucking in the distance, just, you know, just under a lamplight or whatever. And there's some kid you can hear playing games and it's a birthday. And then she just starts BJ and me, dude. And I'm like, and I'm so nervous, bro. 'cause I always would get super nervous around women when I was young. Yeah. And then the girl's mom comes out.


Oh no. And the tree wasn't that wide. And, I could just, ima, I could see what the mom was seeing. She was seeing like me kind of standing like this And I and the girl like low. But then like, could, you know, the tree was kind of blocking, like the actual act. Oh boy. And. I. Just remember putting my fucking hands up like this. And just looking at the mom. Like I didn't have anything to do. Like trying to be like, I don't have anything to do. What does this mean? I dunno, I'm not doing anything. Yeah. Because I do like, she, these are the only two hands she can see. So I was like, you know, so like, but it was that third hand brother, that party hand boy. Yeah. Yeah.


Oh my God. God. And man. Now, Did, you had, you had sex? No. Before. This is your first. Yeah. First sexual, first sexual real encounter. Dude, I touched a girl's tits in the movies one time watching that movie. Pumpkin Head. Remember that scary movie? No, it was called Punk Head. It was real scary. Oh boy. And I touched the girl's breast and it, she had very hard breasts. She always kind of built like a fella. Really? But pretty cute. And pumpkin head dude, some kid in pumpkin head got a hand job part of it. Ejaculated onto my fucking arm. This kid Chad, when I was a kid. Forgot about that. No way. Yeah. And he died in a car accident years later.


Ugh. What the hell. He was driving, dude. He was changing a CD out of his CD player. He put a CD into his mouth to put the other one in. Yep. And he fucking hit something and it just like, no fucking way. I forgot all about that, man. It was crazy. Whoa. But yeah, but then I ended up having sex behind a bowling alley in our town, like a couple or years after that. Like three or four years later. What hap Okay, what happened? Me and this girl, just like she had been having sex and stuff, And. I was like, wanted to have sex or whatever. And so we just tried to find a place we could meet up that was like near where we lived. And we went back behind this bowl alley called Tiffany Lanes.


And it's closed for renovations right now, but it, yeah. How do you know that kaka that was there not long ago. Oh shit. And my buddies Mary said they return to the scene of the crime, dude. He said they're remodeling it. Yeah. What the fuck? Yeah, there you go. Right. Tiffany Lanes. Look at the Google reviews. Go to Google reviews on there. Tiffany Lanes. There you go, dude. In Louisiana. Yeah. Pretty awesome dude. Whoa, dude. Oh, this one said, hate to see. Read that one on there. Never been here, but apparently Theo Von lost his virginity behind this building, so it gets a five star for me. Yeah. So just kind of crazy. Oh, I'm here. 'cause the Theo Von, who lost something precious at this bowling alley so long ago.


Oh my God, dude. But that's kind of crazy. So yeah, I'm excited that they are redoing it. I'll go back. you know what I'm, but yes, kids are throwing rocks at us and stuff too, dude. It was crazy. Wow. And so, yeah, it was hard to keep an erection with like rocks coming, like rocks, you know, hitting off a sheet metal and stuff like that. But I was just so young that nothing could stop you, you know? Yeah. And then I remember, yeah, I went into some girl's bedroom in my neighborhood, And I. She seemed like an adult because she smoked cigarettes. And, I. She seemed like she was 40, you know, she was one year older. But just 'cause she smoked and she smelled like cigarettes. I was like, Oh, older woman.


Yeah. Yeah. And oh Shit. And that was, and then, yeah. But right when we started hook up, I was so nervous I couldn't get an erection. And then her mom thankfully came and busted in on us. Oh, geez. Oh, And. I was, and she say it. Oh. I was like, this has gotta stop. I just yelled. I said what the mom was gonna say. I thought maybe if I said what she was gonna say, like it would adjust the night end, whatever, you know? I was like, this is gotta stop. like, I was like, I, like this guy. you know what I'm saying? like, I. Think that's where I was at, you know? Oh my God.


This episode is sponsored by BLUECHEW. If you wanna be as hard as the summer day is long, baby, then get your a BLUECHEW in your mouth and start nibbling. Daddy, get that Lifting your baby. I'll fricking I'll gen I'll, I'll crack open a gender reveal pinata with this thing. Baby BLUECHEW is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, ALIS, and La Vira for a fraction of the cost and an a chewable form. That's right. The best part. The chewable tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. I like 'em. I take 'em. And it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. You're sitting in there. Just, how am I gonna tell 'em? How am I gonna say Weaner down, baby? That's right. BLUECHEW wants to help you have better sex. Discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BLUECHEW free when you use our promo code, Theo, at checkout. just pay $5 shipping. That's BLUECHEW dot com. Promo code Theo. To receive your first month free visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details. And I Importa safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


Dude, Did, you, I heard somewhere, and you can deny this, but it doesn't matter either, but Did, you used to, you, you would go on Dates with women, you would get paid to go on Dates with women. Yes. Was that a real thing that happened in your life? Yes. Yes. And Did, you have to have like a overseer for that. Like a pimp or something for it. There was this, there was this lady that was in our apartment complex. She was like a madam. Oh damn, dude. Yeah, she was, she was running, you know, her, her thing. And yeah. Get paid to go out with these older women and just, just sit there and have dinner with them.


Or if they wanted to fuck, do that too. Do that for about a year or so. About a year or two. Was there good money in it? Yeah. It's kind of crazy. And that was in la I Was a hooker. Yeah. Kind of, I guess. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Dude. A male escort. I don't know. Hooker's better. What's the fuck's the dip? Yeah. Hooker. Sounds like you don't have insurance, but you're still gonna do it. you know what I'm saying? Male escort sounds like you're at least applying for some sort of like, government aid with it. I feel like the one may referred to as a male escort gigolo, it says before to male escort, you applying female customers rent.


Boy Hustler. Do you remember any of the Dates or not? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Was it embarrassing or were you prideful about it? Kind of. Well, and you know, if the, if the lady was, you know, if the lady was like an older lady where you're like, whoa, I hope this is just dinner. you know? Yeah. You, you're stoked, Right? You're like, ah, you start coughing a little, or Yeah, just, I'm just gonna have dinner and drinks and just entertain her. Yeah. Say A wien is broken or something, and That's it. you know? Yeah. You'd get stoked when that would happen, But sometimes they wanted more.


Yeah. And sometimes they wanted more. And you're like, oh man, that's, that part's not fun. 'cause I don't know, like, fucking, when you're not into it, its horrible. Is is a weird, is a weird thing. Yeah. It's like, kind of like when you have to dance at a wedding, but you know they're gonna get divorced or whatever. Little dude, You're like, Ugh, alright, I'll go out there. One song. Okay, Fine. Yeah. Yeah. That's tough. Oh My God, dude. Fuck, man. Sometimes Did, you get some hot chicks though. Yeah, sometimes. Yeah, sure.


Yeah. That's cool. Yeah, dude, one time there was a casting director, And I invited her to see a comedy show, right? Yeah. And so, 'cause I was like, oh, she's gonna maybe she'll, but she was also really cool. We kind of hit it off. So we're kinda like friends and, but there wasn't a co the place I invited to, I had the night wrong. And so she came anyway. And then, so we're just, she's like, we walk upstairs to where the show's gonna be. It was over on Las Cigar, LA Brea, room five. This place is called. And we, and it's the, there's not there. And I'm like, what? She came And. I'm like, I was like, well, let me at least get you dinner, you know? And so we sit downstairs, we're eating, she gives me like half of a weed cookie. I'd never had a weed cookie before, so I ate it.


Oh, shit. And like 20 minutes later, dude, I didn't know, I, I didn't know if this was my wife. I didn't know who this person was. Oh. I was like, am I fucking married? And we're out to dinner right now, and it's our anniversary. I couldn't figure out what was going on. Wow. And Fuck You, And I tried to kiss her. What's that? I tried to kiss her, you know, like, I'm having a beautiful time with you tonight or something. She's like, what in the fuck is going on? Oh my God. Like, fuck, dude, not your wife. Whoa. Ugh. That was horrible, bro. And then I laid in my bed for two days. I missed my birthday. Oh, God. I was so high. Dude. Jesus.


Ugh. That was bad. Oh my God, Dude. When y'all started traveling and getting drugs and stuff, was it hard to have sex on drugs, though? like, I don't see how you could do drugs and screw, you know? Yeah. I was like, with like, with what you said earlier, I'd end up just going back to my room, my hotel room, mostly by myself. Really? As soon as you start fucking doing cocaine, I'm like, I, don't, I'd, I'd rather just party with me tonight. Yeah. You know, I don't have to listen to any bullshit. I don't have to lie. Oh, yeah. I just, I just, just me and you are gonna get, we're gonna go really fast in this room and, and hang out.


Yeah. You do that a lot. The second, yeah. I would just, I'd rather just be by myself. Yeah. And, what that Is. Yeah. I, I don't know. I would get real self-conscious if I was doing coke around other people too. I think it wasn't fun that much for me. Oh, I would, because And I knew I just wanted to do more Coke. I didn't really wanna hear about whatever was happening with your life that much. Y Yeah. And we, I call, we call it lying powder. Yeah. Because it was, let's get together and fucking sit around and lie at each other to each other for a couple hours. Why not?


you know, like, you know, you're sitting there and you're making, and you're doing blow with a bunch of people, and all of a sudden you're making all these plants. Yeah. Tomorrow, man, we're gonna fucking, we're gonna go on the fucking lake. We're gonna fucking walk Wakeboard And fuck whatever. And it never happens. Never. You just, you know. Yeah. So I don't want to get together and just lie Yeah. To each other. I'd rather just go back to my room and, and, and fuck those chicks, you know? Another time. Yeah. Another time in the future. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Oh, cocaine. Well, it'll make you give your email a address to a dolphin, dude. It just fucking, you'll fucking tell him.


You'll be like, yeah, let's keep it. Let's holler at each other. We're gonna fucking, and he's like, right dude, you bring your voice. I'll bring my voice. Email me. And you're like, what is, even in the morning, you're like, who the fuck is this? Oh my God. Stay away from me. God. Dude, that would be scary. How bad was it, like when addiction hit you guys' band and stuff? Was that pretty crazy? Yeah, dude, when it, when When you hear stories about it, you know, you see, like, you know, in the documentaries and stuff, you see d you know, and, and you read about different stories of people going through it. And I know you've gone through it. Yeah. But like, how, how was that one of the things that had the biggest effect on a band?


Yeah. Like when, when, when you're, you know, you know, looking around and you're seeing the guys in your band. Everybody's this close from not, not waking up again. you know, you know that kind of shit. And, you know, and you've, you've reached a level of like, doing crazy shit. Like when you're shooting fucking Jack Daniels in your arm because you ran outta heroin, when you could just drink the fucking Jack and be like, oh, and just fucking drink. We're outta heroin.


But I, maybe if we shoot it, it'll be fucking better. It's just alcohol. Like, when you're doing dumb shit like that, we're like, I think it's to, someone's gonna die here soon. Like we should all, and we did it as a band. We were like, you know, we'd take handfuls of fucking halons, they were called and, and then we'd fucking and go that and go out for the night. But those are all, these are all fucking like, downers and sleeping pills. So like, who does that? You're we're doing such dumb, dangerous shit that everybody was like, alright, that's it. We're all gonna do this together. And we just, it was like 89.


We all went to fucking rehab Together. Different rehabs. But, but yeah. Where'd you go? Which one? I went to this place called Cottonwood. Oh, in Tucson. Oh, in Tucson. Yeah. Dude. Yeah. Dude. Tucson is fucking retarded, dude. Yeah. Just shout out Tucson, dude. I still live in Tucson. Yeah, Tucson. Tucson Out in the middle of nowhere, Dude. Crazy. That's where I did my first Coke with those guys. With The Oranges dude. Yes. Yeah, bro. Yeah. Tucson is the first place I saw a school bus. Somebody had cut the top off of it and was fucking driving it. Dude, That's Tucson bare Down dude in the fucking desert dude.


Yeah. Oh yeah, bro. That's people. Oh, you'll do some coke and just eat somebody's ass through a dream catcher out there. Dude. Intense out there. Dude. A lot of zodiac killers and missing people out there, dude. It is. Oh, you're praying to see the next streetlight out there? 'cause sometimes it's like far distance between the streetlights out there. Yes. Was that scary the first time you went? Or what was that like? Oh, yeah. You like, I gotta be here. Yeah. No, I, no, I wanted, you know, I'm sure it's very different to someone who doesn't want to be there. We were all, everybody wanted to. You're Like, the only way we can do it's to actually go somewhere. Yeah, yeah. To actually go somewhere. And if we all do it together, our chances of fucking survival are gonna be a lot better.


Yeah. you know, like, you know, sometimes you just need a fucking a bro, you know, to be doing it with you. Oh yeah. Just to fucking You know what I mean. So all of us did it together and we were like, oh fuck, we can pull this. We can do anything. Yeah. you know, it's, It's cool. And was it fancy? Was it a fancier one? Kind of? No, no. It just, just a regular kind of rehab. It's one kind of cool thing about rehab. You can go to 'em and it's just kind of like a mix of all types of people Fucking wild. Right. Oh, they're totally wild. I went to just a, You're hearing other people's stories going like, you know, maybe I'm not that bad. Yeah. And You're, you're talking yourself into fucking, like, bailing rehab.


Fuck, These people are fucked up. Let me outta here. You're like, I could be mayor in a month. These people are fucked. Fuck. We haven't even got the family day yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is nuts. Yeah. Having a bro in it is the biggest thing, man. I got one, a couple buddies in Nashville in here too. It's like having some boys in and it's like, just so you can check in with each other. You keep rocking for each other and being sober is nice, you know? It's nice, but it's hard. Yeah. It, but man, it is, it is really nice man. And everything just is so much fucking easier and so much, I don't know, just less drama dude.


Yeah. Less drama. Yeah. And you can just wake up and be like, okay, I can do this today. Yeah. you know, you're not having to sleep in hide, pray for Gatorade or whatever. Pray for Gatorade. God, dude, that was all, that kind of shit was the worst. Oh My God. Was there ever a show where you guys just couldn't even go on 'cause you were too fucked up, or no? No. Never. That's Unbelievable to Me that, yeah. That is pretty wild. 'cause we'd get pretty fucked up Yeah. Before the show, but not, not fucked up enough to where you couldn't, you know, to where you couldn't fucking bring it. you know? Because if you, I don't know.


Well, y'all's songs, that's one thing I was thinking about was you guys', music was high energy, so it was like, some, some, some groups they can, there's different, you know? Yes. You guys were, fuck. I mean, every one, it almost starts out with the riff, even some of the ballads. So you're like, yeah, God, you had to be able to show up for it. Yeah. You can't. And yeah, especially like drumming, dude, that shit's so fucking physical. If you are feeling or if you're fucked up and drums are just, doesn't work, really. It just doesn't work. You got, you're the fucking, you're the fucking heartbeat of the machine. Yeah. And if you are fucked up, this whole program's fucked up.


Yeah. you know, that's so, you, you have to keep it together enough. I mean, there's times where you have, you know, had a little too much, and you, and you're thinking, oh man, I'm fucking smoking right now. I'm crushing the shit. And you fucking watch a videotape back and you're like, what, what the fuck was that? Dude? Okay, now, you know, you can't do that. Yeah. Because that's fucked up. Yeah. But you're thinking, you're just murdering. Yeah. Wow. That's happened a few times. And then you go, okay, doesn't work. Yeah, that doesn't work. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause in The Dirt, there's a lot of stuff where you guys are just partying so hard.


I mean, obviously they do that for cameras, you know, or for films, and they make it look cool. Yeah. But Did, you feel cool about The Dirt, Dude, I, I was so pumped because it's so raw and so fucking real. And I can't believe they smashed everything into an hour and a half. That's a lot. Yeah. They should have made it 10 episodes. I Felt that's a, it could have been a fucking miniseries. Like, you know, like, but just to, to get that amount of stuff in there is just beyond. And it was fucking awesome. I, I loved it, man. Yeah. It's, it's really, Well, M mc k crushed it as you too.


He played you, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. He did a great job. He did, dude. He was so fucking, he was so, I, He had enough credit for that, really. When I think back on that, yeah. I mean, he Did a great Job. He did a unbelievable job. like, I never seen somebody take so much. I, I, I've, I've known him, I've known him for a while, and he, I get, he calls me up and day, he goes, bro, I got the fucking part. I'm like, what are you talking about? He goes, dude, I'm fucking playing you. I go, what? He goes, yeah, dude. He goes, I got the fucking script. I'm coming over and we're gonna go through this bitch line by line.


And, I want to know how shit really happened because I, I, I gotta pull this off. And, I want it to fucking, I wanna fucking, I wanna make you proud. I wanna fucking murder this shit. Oh, that's cool. He, he goes, and, and it's just, it's just such a trip because we're kind of the same build. Yeah. The same kind of fucking lanky, goofy fucking, you know? And, and he, he, he came over, dude, and he, we spent hours, hours, days going over everything. 'cause he wanted to fucking rip it. Like, he goes like, I, I gotta fucking nail this. And He did. Yeah. He fucking killed it. Yeah, he killed it.


Yeah. I, I remember there being kind of moments I'd be like, damn, that's MGK. And, and he's fucking killing it. That's Yeah. Only every now and then, would you kind of think that it was him? Yeah. Yeah. I think And, I guess films and stuff like that, they just, they, they, yeah. That's hard to do. To put everything in 90 minutes. Is it hard for you to even remember some of what went on? You know, what y Yes. And that, that that movie was about the book and the The Dirt book. They said it was pretty true to form a lot of it. I think. Yes. It's, it's, it's identical. But, but to answer your question, I didn't, you know, thank God the other guys remembered shit because, you know, and it, and vice versa.


We all like, kind of reminded each other of things because shit's fuzzy for me about this or that time, or, you know, depending on what people were going through at the time, people remember or don't quite remember. Yeah. So it was really that process of writing the book individually. Everybody kind of did their interviews and you know, later you find out, oh fuck. That's right. you know, that, that's a Cool feeling. Yeah. That's cool. It's like I, It's almost almost having a time capsule. Kind of y Yeah. Yeah. And it's neat to have somebody else there to help you remember too. Yes. Yeah. That's really the cool, a cool gift of it. Yeah. Because it's so hard to sometimes just, yeah.


Yeah. There's so much that's, that has happened. It would be almost impossible, especially for us fucking retards to like, remember all of it. Yeah. Oh, you know, come on. Unbelievable. Yeah. And a lot of it, life a touring life is you just kind of get ready enough to walk on a stage the next, you know? Yeah. It's Not a ton to it really. It's like you go somewhere, you get, maybe you go out to eat if you're there for two days. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. Or you go see one thing if you're in the town the next day, like if you're in Cleveland, you go to like the Rock Hall of Fame or you go do something. But otherwise, it's just like, you're just getting yourself acclimated. Just whatever you have to do to get yourself ready to get on stage. Yeah. And then you're out. Yeah.


Yeah. That's so weird. Dude. I, I tell people all the time, I go, I've been around the world a fucking hundred times and I've seen nothing That's crazy. Literally Like a meteor. Really? Every, it hasn't landed. Yeah. Every Fucking arena, stadium, bus, hotel room, like, that's pretty much it, you know? Yeah. Frankfort what? Rotterdam What? You don't, yeah. You're like I arena with a building with a lot of seats in it, and a lot of people and repeat that a bunch of places. And you're like, I really haven't seen much When you started to get free time.


You think about it like, oh yeah. Oh dude. Yeah. I've seen nothing, honestly. Oh. Sometimes one of my dreams is to get married and have a wife and get a camper and just kind of go around and see even places where I've been, you know, here's the thing. There's no way you can't sound like the dumbest fucking person to your wife. 'cause you like, but you were here, you're like, yeah, I was what? You were Here already? Yeah. No, but that's cool. like I, I'll do that. Like on the tour bus on a day off. Oh yeah. I refuse to fucking go to a hotel. I'm like, we're taking the bus and we're going to a lake. Yeah. And we're fucking spending the get the fucking barbecues out. Like, we're gonna have something different.


We're going to, we're going break the repetition here. Yeah. And, and go see something And live, be human y. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's funny, you kind of give your, yeah. Once you become busy enough, you become the business, you know? Yeah. And a part of being you, you almost get so little time to be yourself. Does that make any sense? Man? Wow. You just nailed it. Yeah, man. You just fucking nailed it. Sometimes I even miss myself, which is fucking really weird. That's, that's a good thing, man. I mean, well, It's good to be success. No, it's good to have the opportunities and, you know, it's a blessing for sure. It's cool that you're connected enough to realize that you miss yourself.


Yeah. Even miss yourself. You're like, fuck man. Which is cr Yeah. Just, it's all interesting. The, the most interesting thing is just to be able to have the experience of what it's like to have some popularity or to be in certain spaces. It's just, just to even be a fly, because you're a fly on the wall, but you're you and you're like, oh, this is just interesting to be here. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Was it hard? 'cause I know you got a couple of children. You have two? I got two boys. Yeah. Two boys. And. I. Was it hard to decide to start a family when your life was like, so when you have such a light, like was it hard? Like, No, I always wanted one man. I've always been that kind of like, you know, fucking sucker for romance, having a family, you know, like that whole kind of, kind of milking cookies thing.


Yeah. I've always, always liked, you know? So yeah. It was something that I definitely wanted, you know, Did you just kind of become a certain age. You're like, I kind of have to do it now. Did the clock ever start to kind of tick for you a little Did you ever feel like, I don't know. I think it maybe, I think it was just, you know, right place, right time, right. you know, a lot of things have to be right for that to happen, but just, just happy it happened, man. 'cause Yeah, that's a good point too. We got, I got some fucking amazing boys who are just a, a, a dream.


Then What, what's something neat about each one of your kids that you really admire? Something neat about them Or something that you admire about each one of them? Oh, Man. They have some incredible re resilience. you know, they, they're brought up and, you know, it's, you know, a lot of not normal situations for them. And they're just, they've done really fucking well with just navigating, you know, like, so they're, they're, they're great. How are they different than each other? I think I met one of them. They're, Dylan is the youngest on, on the right.


I've called him Little Buddha since like, since he's born. Ah, that's cool. He's just like the reverse of his brother, who's more like me. Brandon. Yeah. It hell yeah. Yeah. He, The the, the dude flipping the camera off that guy. Yeah. Dude. I'll be sponsoring him in a couple years. He's more hyper and kind of crazy like, like me. So they're completely opposite, which is great. 'cause I got like, I got one of each. Yeah. You got a yin and yang going. Yeah. Dude. That's cool. Yeah. Is it really cool being a dad? Like, what was something about it that really surprised you, you think over time since you've had the experience? I don't think there's a better feeling in the world.


As a matter of fact, I know there isn't of having, having your, your, your kids musically. Okay. Just imagine, you know, a a musician like myself and all of a sudden I'm in the studio working on a song with my son and the that's going down. And my other son who loves music as well, everybody's just like, everybody's in the mix. And I'm like, I'm gonna start fucking crying right now. 'cause this is the coolest shit fucking ever. Oh, That's cool. Ever.


Like, dude, I can't You know what I mean. Like, yeah. I can Feel it. you know, when your, your kids grow up there, just comp, some are nothing like their parents and others are, and, but to have them both just like really gravitate towards music and, and acting Brandon's been doing is just, there's nothing better. You know what I mean. I bet. Especially if that's 'cause that's like almost all the things you love right there in one space music and your two sons y Yes. So to have that mixed together, that would be super cool. It, it's, it's insane, man. And then, you know, and we're sitting there and Yeah, it's incredible.


If you are like me, you were taught never to talk about sex, politics, religion, and money. But on my podcast, 50 Fires, we're taking money off that list of taboo subjects. I'm Carl Richards, creator of a New York Times column about money. And every week my guests And I unpack what money means to them from well-known guests like Pete Holmes and Chip Gaines to teachers, philosophers, athletes and authors. If you enjoy, when Theo goes deep on This, Past Weekend and talks about the things that really matter in life, you are going to love 50 Fires. Listen to 50 Fires and follow wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, yeah. I mean, you were, I mean, you sang on some songs, but you weren't lead, you weren't the lead singer. Huh? What Vince is the lead singer. You guys band. Yeah. Vince, Vince sings. We But some songs you sang on. Yeah, I sing. I mean, I typ typically sing. I play guitar, piano, drums kind of do produce, you know, How much pressure do you realize over time how much extra pressure is on a lead singer? A lot. It's not easy, man. It's not easy. Yeah. 'cause they have to do almost extra work a lot of times it feels like too, like Tt taking care of the shit, you know? And if you're doing it every night, you gotta, you know, it's like, it's like it's a muscle, you know?


Yeah. It's, you gotta take care of it. Yeah. What else in that, I'm trying to think of the Zocdoc. Oh, what about the part in The Dirt where Ozzy snorts that piss? Is that true? Or they just made that up Full on? True. Fuck. Yeah. I know. People ask that all the time. They're like, dude, really? I'm like, Absolutly, you can't make that shit up. Yeah. To rip a line of fucking piss. There's my buddy Tony Caval that played him. Dude, Dude, he was so high. Yeah. Oh, Ozzy was The, all of us right here. We had just come, we had just been on a overnight bus ride and Ozzy rode with us. So we're all, and we're doing rails the whole way. No one slept. Everyone just drink. So we're at, at the hotel, and no one wanted to go to their room.


Everyone wanted to still keep partying. So we go, let's go to the fucking pool. We go to the pool. And at that, at that time, that was just kind of a thing. Everybody was into like, out rockstar and out grossing somebody out, like out partying. Yeah. you know, like, now, dude, so Ozzy starts, he's Ozzy's wasted. He sees there's a little trail of amps going all the way to this kid's popsicle that he left on the ground, right? Yeah. And Ozzy looks down and fucking just snorts the whole, the line of ants going to the, to the Popsicle. Yeah.


And, and, and Nicky's like, okay, well fuck that. So Nikki pulls the dick out at the pool. This everybody's, this is a hotel. The four, this is like the four, four seasons, I think in Dallas. Some fucked up and just people, kids, everything. Yeah. Nick goes, I fucked up. Watch this. Nikki goes to pee on the ground and Nick's gonna lick up his own piss to like out. Oh yeah. You got a recycling. And, And before Nikki could do it, Ozzy fucking beats him to it and licks up his piss. And, and we're like, all right, Ozzy, you win. You win, dude. Nap time. Yeah. Yeah. And then, dude, that's awesome. And, what they don't show in the movie, there is I, the Ozzy's tour manager goes, dude, Ozzy's fucking on one.


You're responsible for him. Here's his hotel room. Key. Fuck, I'm done. I, I can't deal with this anymore. I'm like, I got got him. Cool. I'll take him to his room. So anyway, after we get kicked out of the pool area for all that bullshit, they don't really go into it. In the movie, I get all, I'm like, come on, Austin, we got, we get kicked out. We got take you up to your room. He goes, oh, all right. Mike And, I put him, we get in the elevator, we're going up, and he, and there's people in the fucking elevator. And he pulls his pants down and he just starts fucking, Like, he's gonna shit. He's Fucking shitting. I'm like, Ozzy, dude, no fuck.


Don't shit. Yeah. Don't, not dude. No. And he's like, ah, we get to the, to the floor. I'm like, come on. I'm just trying to get him to his fucking room. Yeah. And close the door And like, let him, he just needs to go to bed. Yeah. So I, I take his room, key, fucking open it up, open, like, push the door open. I'm like, okay buddy, see you later. And he's like, he goes, come here. I'm like, I'm gonna go. He's like, no, you come here. I go in and he st he now he's gonna finish. He just starts shitting in the middle of the room. Oh, wow. It bends down, picks it up and starts painting the walls with his shit.


I'm like, oh. I'm like, I gotta go, dude. And I fucking bailed. And I. Don't know what happened after that. But they don't show that part in the movie. Just like he had to. Shit. Oh dude. Yeah. But if you gotta shit, dude, you gotta find other ways to, you know, Like, bro, just wait till you get to the toilet. Yeah. That's the best way. Yeah. But he wanted to like everybody. He was just on this like, I gotta Out. Yeah. Fucking whatever. I'm an animal. I'm Gonna paint with my shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Everybody's fucking, I'm an animal. Yeah. Everybody's fucking Pablo shit. Casso all of a sudden. That's wicked. Dude. Dude, I gotta piss. You do. Yeah. Go piss real quick.


It's tough, man. It's kinda weird. 'cause sometimes you don't really pick who you love. I feel like, like you can have an idea of like, oh, I'm gonna be in love with this, or this girl looks this way, or, and that's how I'm attracted. But then sometimes it's like, you'll just kind of just be in love with something and you'll be like, oh, this is, I'm in love over here. you know? Yeah. Does that make any sense? You think The first thing that comes to mind is like, best friend shit? Like, you know, I, I think that, I think that has to happen before the, before the love. I don't, I For, Yeah. For me it's like I. Don't know. Well, I think especially you learn that as you grow, as we get older sometimes some of that stuff we learn as we grow too.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause yeah, I'd make choices before, sometimes in my life you'd be like, oh, this and this. Or, but you have to have a best friend that you're like, all right, every now and then you're like, all right, I'll fuck my best friend. you know? you know. But if it's just a best friend, then after a while you're like, oh, fuck Dude. Yeah. Yeah. I just gotta fucking I. Gotta get rid of this best friend so I can fuck a little, you know? I think so. It's like, you gotta kind of find that middle ground, you know? I think, you know, because you've been married a few times in your life. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. And, what have you, like, and now you're married now to a comedian. Yep. Brittany Furland. That's your wife? Yes. Yeah. And she's always charming. She made this necklace for me too.


Speaking of charms. Yeah. And this is ma little Marlborough little. It's cool, man. This feels good. Yeah. Yeah. She's fucking rad. She's funny. Yeah. She's, dude, like, I got my face hurts, you know? We were just, and that's the best friendship I'm talking about. Like, yeah. We've laughed all the fucking time. 'cause we're both silly. Yeah. And we don't take everything so fucking seriously. And like, I don't know. We just have fucking fun, you know? And it's, that's a beautiful thing Is what's the longest relationship that you've been in?


Right now? It's, I think it might be me and Brittany, because I we're just, we're just clocking in it over seven years. Jesus. Really? Together. Yeah. And the longest time I was ever married was for seven years. So I went, we're we're past that now, which is wild, man. I'm like, okay, this is definitely, It's a real thing. The Third time's a charm here comes out. Silly line. And how many times have you been married? Fuck. Well, technically four, or sorry, technically three, but four times. The first one got an noll. So that doesn't count. And. what does a noll mean? What people just disagree or the ref says no or whatever.


It, it, I guess it kind of like the ref says, no, you, we just weren't married long enough. Oh. It was like, literally, I think maybe a couple weeks after getting married, it was like, this ain't working. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they should have a thing where a month later your friends get to send a ballot kind of, and it's like, Yeah. Something like that. Yo. Oh, so your friends can annul it too. Like now she, she ain't cool man. Or you gotta go. There should be something. She just took my best friend. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there should be, because you know, your friends go, they, a lot of 'em go. They're go. Yeah. They disappear. Yeah. They just disappear Once they get married. Yeah. Well, you know, they, And if you get married to somebody they don't like Yeah.


And that, yeah. Wow. you know how that works. Have you ever been Married? No, I never been married. I want to get married though. Do you? I think my career started kind of blooming late in life, kind of, or like later, you know? And so it's been like I no time for the, that right Now. Yeah. Yeah. It's just been hard. And it's tough to even tell girls. It's like, you know, right now, you know, like, or if there's something that starts to build and then I'm out of town and then I come back in town, I'm like, now where were we? And then, and then you meet, you know, and then you start to feel bad that people are like holding out hopes. And you're the one who's kind of like, you don't wanna keep somebody's hopes up. Fucking, it was like, fuck, I got too much. I Know. Then you just feel like you're, well, you just feel like you're, I I don't wanna keep, like, you'll, you'll get a kind of a little bit TN Theo.


You're like, yeah, this is going good. But then you're like, you're outta town. It's like, oh, well I know I'm gonna be outta town pretty much a lot for the next year. So I just have to tell you right now that this is just how things are. And if we don't both work pretty hard at this, then it's, it's gonna be tough. Yeah. Dude. The, it's gonna be tough. The reality And love. I think there's love, like, it's kind of a hands-on fucking thing, you know? Yeah. It's work. I mean, you have to nurture and It's a bon's eye. It's like a Yeah. It's, it's funny, our, our therapist says that all the time. Like, all that work that you put on in, on those trees, it's in that same kind of work.


Goes into your partner. Yeah. 'cause it's, well it's funny, even when you and Brittany came in today, it seems like, and I've seen you guys at the comedy clubs and stuff together. It really does seem like you guys enjoy being around each other, you know? Yeah. Well it seems funny. You guys are like fucking Yeah. Like kind of goofy and she has a lot of energy and it's kind, it's kind of nice probably then too to like, 'cause you've had so much energy in your life where it's like, you don't have to always be the voltage, you know? Well, Perceived dude. It's nice. Yeah. And that go crazy, baby. You go crazy. You're like, this is the part of me that's just, it's bur it's not, it's still there. Yeah. But it's just, fuck, it's had a lot of damage so you Can entertain me.


Sure. Yeah. I had to outsource some of 'em. No, Like, I found a part of me that I really like in someone else. And that's really cool. you know? That's pretty, that's that's more of a neat way to say it. Yeah, it is cool, man. It is beautiful. That's Awesome, dude. I think I, I think I finally got it right, dude. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Actually, I know I got it right. Yeah. Cool. It's, it's good. That's cool, man. Feels nice to, to say that. Did. you ever get to meet Michael Landon before, or No? No. Little house on the Prairie guy? Yeah. No, he was A, he got all the ladies, bro. I heard. Yeah. He has a sick ass.


Or did have a sick ass housed in Malibu, like back in the cut. Yeah. Malibu like the, I don't know what you call that area. Some gated. What about Michael Jackson Did? you ever get to meet him? I did. Really? One time, dude. Wow. At the MTV awards? I, I was presenting, Was it 2007? No. Was it seven or was it earlier than that? You've been to a bunch of them. Yeah. I, man, the, the date's fuzzy, but dude Oh good. Yeah. I met him once. Man, And I was so bugged out. Like The date's fuzzy. That should be the Tommy Lee. The title of your autobiography.


What? The date's fuzzy. The Dates fuzzy because it kind of pertains to just a timeline and dating and everything, you know? Yeah. And, But anyway, what am I fucking scripting your life? I'm not writing that shit. And The fact that I'm geographically challenged, I still don't know where the fuck, you know, like I, like I was trying to tell somebody, like, where were you this weekend? And I was like, I was in Minot. The, like, South, Dakota, North Dakota, fuck. I don't know, like, yeah. Yeah. like I just, you know, I, I'll break down in tears at the airport sometimes just because I'm like, I don't know where I'm at. 'cause you know, like if I travel alone especially Oh yeah.


'cause I'm used to having help fucking tour manager. Okay. We go here, we go, there we go. And man, dude, I can't tell you, there's several times where I'm been traveling alone, where I'll just stop and grown, man, just start crying. Yeah. I dunno where I'm at. Fuck. Fuck. Where's the smoking lounge? Well, it is true. I mean, part of part of having that much people around you and support and stuff, you turn into a little bit of a child that does an activity. Dude, that is it. Absolutely. Absolutely. You're like, get this fucking child to the stage. Have him do his activity. Do his activity, and then he's gonna ask, where's dinner dude?


Where do I sleep? I Just learned how to send a fucking FedEx package. God, a few years ago. I don't, I didn't know how to do it. I look, what do you do? Do you, does FedEx, where is FedEx? Do I take it there? Do they come get, like, how, how does this work? Yeah. Do they know you want to send something? Like how did this all fill in? Dude, that's great. And like, just because everybody does everything for you Yes. For so long and through all those like, kind of fuck. And some of it, that's the way that some of that gets set up. It's not you necessarily outsourcing your life. Yeah. It's that those things get put in place around you so you don't have to worry about that.


Yes. Or worry about anything. Because part of the business is you are the business and so you have to be the business. Yes. You don't have to be the mail room of the business. And that starts to fall on somebody else's shoulders. Yeah. It's not like you saying, oh, I'm not gonna send my own mail. Yeah, No. It's just, that's the way things work out. Yeah. And that, that bizarre And the whole time you don't learn anything. You're just like, I'm relearning things that I should have learned a long time ago. Oh, whoa dude. Oh, I'm a late bloomer dude. I'm like, I'm learning shit. I should have learned at five or six years old how to do proper handshakes. How, I mean, I rem dude, I was such a late learner on so many things.


I'm like, dear Fucking. Oh yeah. It was just fucking nightmare. Well, Have you and your wife taken a lot of trips? We have. She doesn't like to go on a lot of trips, so, but we have taken a lot. And actually, Is there a place you guys like to go? These, these La She, she's, she's terrified of fucking going anywhere. She, she fucking has like a dude I've scheduled or, or booked like just the most beautiful fucking spots. Like winter fucking cabins on the lake, like, you know, and had to cancel 'em because there's no hospital within a couple hours.


Yeah. you know, like, like that kind of shit. Or like remote Bora Bora or like just beautiful places we've gone to. But some had to cancel some, trying to get her to go anywhere is, is really difficult. But, you know, but we have, we have. Well, and it's nice also if you're having a good time just to be at home too. We're Building a house right now and been working on it for fuck, for three years. Oh, that's awesome. We've built a place that doesn't require vacations. Like I'm making my house so fucking rad that I don't really need to go anywhere.


Yeah. And for her too. She doesn't, she's gonna never have to go anywhere because you can be like, oh, this is fucking rad. Like this is sickest shit Ever. Yeah. Where's the front desk? I'm on vacation. Yeah. That's sick, bro. Yeah. So. Oh, that's a neat idea. So I, I, I, I hopefully I've fixed that problem for her, but 'cause she doesn't dig traveling at all. Wow. It's kind of nice though. Probably saves you some loot too. Yeah. you know? Yeah. Maybe. Do You guys keep animals at the house? Have, have you been an animal guy? Yeah, dude, I've been a dog guy for a long time. We got two, two wieners. How big is a wiener dog?


Like little a wiener about this little, the camera about this little about that thick. And if you had to compare it to your actual wiener, who wins? You think To an actual wiener? To your actual wiener? You're the guy with the wiener. The rest of us are just kind of milling around in the area. Right, right. you know what I'm saying? The rest of the rest of us are kind of fucking loitering. Dude, you're the fucking fire truck. you know, we're the guy running with the pail of water, you know, saying so. Oh damn. Now this shit is getting little look. Got little. That shit's beautiful. That's getting little crazy Dude. Little That's, that's teeny the weenie. And where was this at? Dude? Was this at a PF Chang's dude, where is this?


That's at my old house in Calabasas. Oh, that is pretty cute Actually. Yeah. We must have just got her. Oh yeah. You can tell she's a little, she's a Little bit bigger now. You, I think you saw her earlier. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. Some of this looks, She's teeny dude. Very illegal, but also cute. Yeah. So fucking cute. Yeah. Little dogs is nice. Did. you ever own a parrot? Any other animals? We've had a couple birds. Haven't had great luck with birds. Yeah. But dude, one time we went to, I went to Vietnam. Right. And so you go there, I was a student.


And then get dropped off. And the taxis, whenever you show up there, the first place they take you, you could say anything. I wanna go to this. I wanna go to a museum. I want to go to the, where was this? In Vietnam. Oh, Sh you've been there. Yeah. So you go and you said, the first thing I was a student and we were like, we want to go to this museum, whatever. This like, dude something. But no matter where you say they take you to hookers or whatever, you could say anywhere, when you go to McDonald's, they take you to fucking mc pussies. Right. We got it. Yeah. So we fucking get out of this museum. It's one story and it's a pet shop. It's not even, we're like, what the fuck is it? And everybody speaks Vietnamese, so you don't know what's going on. Walk inside couple birds, couple, I don't know if it's cats or whatever.


It was like, kind of vague. And then these ladies come outta the back and topless. Right. So we're like, oh, what the fuck? Look at pet shop. Topless pet shop. Yeah. Dude. Damn, dude. Yeah. That be Sean ate that lady's bra, you know? Jesus. So next thing you know, we're in the back and they're trying to jerk everybody off and just get seed out of everybody. And Jesus And I got super nervous 'cause they had us all in the same room. And I was like, I don't, what? I don't even, I, I don't even speak of the language. I'm like looking at, they have a picture menu. I'm like kind of looking at that and trying to negotiate rates or whatever. Like, no. Oh yeah, dude, I will get 30% off some fucking tits if I can. Right. So I'm like trying to see what the different options are.


Anyway, I get really freaked out because one of my buddies starts getting a blowjob. It's just, all right. It's just right there. And it's crazy. You can hear the animals. Oh dude. And it's just really crazy. And, and one of the parrots kept saying like, pervy shit, you know, like Harrison, you know, were like, come, come. Oh no. Come Papa. Oh my God. And so it was just like, what the fuck is it, man? But yeah, I've never really been a pet owner. I guess that's kind of, that's the closest thing I've really been a part of. Except I slept in the bed with a girl one time with a great Dane. Oh shit. Yeah. And she made it sleep right between us. And, I was like, this feels kind of gay dude. He was big dude and black Dude.


Yeah. They're fucking people size Dude. He was big. Like, he definitely played juco ball somewhere. Like, this thing is fucking huge. you know, They take like horse size shit. Giant. I'm not dealing with that dude. Giant. Yeah. No, dude. That ain't cool. What Was the first pet you ever had? First pet was a monkey. My dad brought a monkey from Thailand. Wow. Yeah. That's, that's the first pet We had. And was it in a box or how'd y'all keep it? It was outside in a ca like a, my dad, he built the cage. He fucking built everything.


He built a cage and that's where he lived, but, or that's where he'd sleep at night. But he basically was, had little diapers on and would just fucking rip it around the house all day. And he'd Party. Oh dude. Wow. Party. Maybe that's where you learned some of it, That Yeah. The fuck. Like, this thing can fucking rock. Yeah. That so fun. So fun, man. And how did it pass away? It had a heat lamp outside and we had a fucking, it got really, really cold and we had a power outage and the fucking heat lamp went off and he fucking, he in the morning when he was, he was dead.


Oh. I think he, we had, I think we had like, he, he froze to like I. Don't know. He, I don't know how he died, but we had like really shitty cold, super cold weather. I think it actually even maybe snowed. What town was it in? In Covina. Oh wow. Here. Yeah. Yeah. That's where I grew up. Wow. Damn. That's a bummer. Yeah. You think of dude, nine out of 99 out of a hundred times. You think a, a monkey would survive an night in Covina? Yeah. I mean, it's not like extreme here at all, you know? That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. My apartment is on the street. Where, who was the guy from Jane's Addiction? The guy who wears the kind of the makeup handsome guy.


Dave Navarro? Yeah. Where his mom got murdered on the same street. Oh Shit. It was kind of crazy. Oh, whoa. That's what you lived at? I lived just down the street from there. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh, cool. Dude, who else? One time I went to Perry Farrell's house for a one year old's birthday. Somebody fucking invited. Really? Yeah. And it was just there and I'm just walking around and then there he shows it was just, you know, sometimes nice houses to let people, friends have their birthday party, kids' birthday's there. I fucking relapsed at a one year old's birthday party dude. Oh my God. At a 1-year-old. What the fuck, dude? What Bro? Hey, look man, How does that even happen?


God is good, dude. I don't know how it happens, but we just keep it moving. And it was, it was what it was, man. Whoa. I didn't expect to, that's why I went, I was like, oh, I'm definitely, I'm gonna go to a place I can't get in. Yeah. Yeah. And then you have a couple wines or whatever, and then it's just, you're freaking, Oh Shit, it was just bad. Had A 1-year-old birthday party, dude. What Did? you ever get to meet Marilyn Manson? Oh yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah, That was my first concert. He's a fucking, he is a he's a fucking great guy. Yeah. Real hear, really interesting things about him. Kat von Di is close with him and she speaks a lot about him. Yeah.


you know, or she mentions him a lot, you know. Yeah. He's, he's a, he's a fucking, he's funny man. Was there? Oh, that's you and him? Oh yeah. Oh, That's cool. He has a good sense of humor. Oh yeah, dude. He's, he's fucking, he's definitely a, he's a fucking tweaker. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. He's actually BYO blinds, huh? Yeah. Yeah. He's fucking wild. Oh, he, he turned me on to some fucking man. This crazy. We, we drank a fucking shitload of this absent in Europe. That was his thing.


Absent and like, showed me like I don't know. It just, I, I'd seen this go shit called Green Fairy or whatever. It was green. But he had some other, some like other, I, I started hallucinating on the shit, if you drink enough of it, you start to slightly hallucinate and it was purple colored. And, And it's an alcohol as well. Yeah, it's, it's full on alcohol. Strong as fuck. Hmm. Yeah. And you drink the shit on fire. Like you light the sugar cubes and the sugar melts into the absent. Oh shit.


It's a whole like a ritual thing. Yeah, yeah. Ritualistic. I like that. Yeah. It's dark. I Could see him getting into some ritualistic shit. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Does absent really make you hallucinate? Absent? The Laur is a combination of spirits and herbs. Mainly fennel and anise and a type of warm wood called Artesia. Ab Sentium. Yeah, that's what it's named after. Van Gogh and Picasso were big fans of absent back in the day, along with other artists. Some believe that absent induced hallucinations partly inspired some of their greatest works. Wow. Right. Do you look at bands nowadays? 'cause you guys fucking rock. You guys were almost like the industrial era. It's back when you actually had to actually make the fucking sounds, you know?


Oh, like now it's like you don't have to make the sounds anymore. The sounds are all programmed or whatever. Yeah. You guys had to actually fucking go out there and make them, you know? Yeah. Make 'em record them. Yeah. Do you look at band, I mean, you look at N Singer like Rascal fight, you're like, what the fuck is even going on here? Not them specifically. Yeah. But do you ever look at Modern band? You're like, this is, Yeah. I hear, I mean, yeah, I hear it. I hear it all the time. you know, Are you disappointed in how music has evolved or is just, this is what it is and it's like you're fortunate the time you got to be in, do you ever get jealous of the time that people have, like, you know, not that you're still not making a lot of music and that Yeah. Yeah. But it's like, you guys are still the ones, let's go out there and fucking, you know.


Yeah. I, you know what? Dude, I guess the good thing is I'm such a fan of so many styles of music that I enjoy all of it. So whether you make it raw and live off the floor or make beats, you know, or play, you know, record in the box in the computer and edit And I, I've done it all different ways. So I really, I just like good music. I don't really care how it was made, so, yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't really, it doesn't bug me. you know, like I don't go like, ah, this shit today sucks. Yeah. Because there's some really great stuff and Yeah, there's some shitty stuff.


Yeah. But I do like so many different styles, I'm kind of all over the place. And probably not a good guy to ask that question to. Yeah. Because I don't know. Are there things that you miss about the rise of things? Like how, when things were starting, 'cause sometimes you don't realize when things are popping, like in the beginning. That that's, that's the moment. you know, You You know what I miss more than anything. Dude. I miss the fucking mystery man. I miss the, you know, like, like there's people that I just, I absolutely just think the fucking world of, and it's guys like, who are like I I call, I think they're chameleons. 'cause they're just, they're ev always changing Guys like Prince never did fucking interviews.


You always wonder like, what'd that guy do? The, the, the mystique. I miss that. Yeah. Now we're just like, we know everything about fucking everybody's lives, whether you want to or not. Yeah. And there's just no, like, there's no fucking mystery man. And that's a big part I think of, of any art is the, the mystery of it. you know, like, what are they fucking, what are that motherfucker eat in the morning? Or like, what, you know, just like what all the, all the question marks are gone. And, and you don't see that in new music.


There's no, you know, I, I'm not sitting here going like, fuck, I gotta, I gotta get down to tower records and wait fucking, you know? Yeah. Overnight for this record to drop. I that just, God. Oh, that was so true. It was like, well, even looking back on those magazines and stuff, like that's how we knew little pieces of shit. That's how you, it was like Sebastian Box's head was fucking bleeding. He had no idea why he didn't know where the picture was. And the fucking, they they did, they told you too. Blurt you had, but you're like, fuck dude. And it's a still picture. It's not a video. Oh, no. Documentary on the whole thing. Like, You're like, fuck dude, we gotta see him when he comes here. you know? Yeah. Or like, what is going on?


And then you start making shit up in your head, like, yes. And that's where The, that's where it creation came from, where creativity came from. Yes. You, you came up with how it may have happened, dude, In waiting outside to get like tickets to something, dude. Whether like it was to go see the crew, whether it was to go see Guns N Roses. Yep. Dio lock up the wolves. Like whether it was to go see fucking Yeah. Three 11. Like, you'd have to wait out all night. Right. And thankfully some kid would bring like his 11-year-old brother and people would get him fucked up for the first time in the parking lot. Yeah. He'd just be watching his Fucking Like, little fat kid fucking like, take off his shirt and fucking eat bugs and shit.


Oh my God. Dude. And that would get you from two to four. And then somebody would go to the donut place and then it would be six. And they, you hold the line open at nine. Yes. Hold the line, dude. And there was still only five people out there, and it'd been fine if you came at 9:00 AM but nah, motherfucker, we waited all night for tickets. That was something to be said. It was like a badge of honor. Yes. Yes. And you didn't know what happened. Like, even when I saw Manin and Twigger Ramirez, I think one of 'em, he cut the other guy's stomach or open with a bottle. The ambulances came, fucking took the guy out of there. What just happened, Dude? Yeah. I remember being in the bathroom. I was like 14 years old. Some guy goes, how old are these kids in here? And somebody goes, I don't know, they look like they're about 14.


And somebody's like, somebody's gonna touch them tonight. Somebody said that. And we'd never even heard that before. And like, what is going on? But they took, they took the, the, the whoever he cut what the box. And we had, we had no idea what Happened. That's Just your imagination. Like, where the fuck is he? you know? Yes. Dude, I that as I missed that. Yeah. I missed that man. I missed it as a possibility kind of. And, and, and the, and the other thing along with the, the mystery is I wish there was less because there's so much, dude, I'm a fucking musician. I'm in this business and if I can't keep up, how the fuck is just a fan who's not a musician or just like a fan of music?


Keep up if I can't. Yeah, dude. There's so much fucking music. Fucking dude. There is so much fucking music. It is insane. It would, your neck would snap off. And it's just like, how do and And I feel bad for like, for for, for young people. I'm like, how do they find music? Just like, fuck. Just, it is just, it's it's too much dude. There's not, there's, yeah. There's no place to, to, I mean, I guess that that must maybe, maybe it's the opposite. Maybe that's, there's the thrill of that hunt of trying to find something. That's a good point.


Point in the barrage that you're like, dude, I found this out there. Yeah. you know, maybe, maybe it's, maybe it's reverse. And I shouldn't feel bad for people. But that that's, I, there's too, there's too much dude. It's too much. Too much. Did. you, was there a band that you loved that fell off or that had a singer pass away? Was there anything, it was something in your time that, a group that you really missed? Oh fuck man. A few. A few. Fuck Nirvana. Oh yeah. Did, you guys know them or not? Didn't know them as Nirvana. Just knew the music. Just knew the music. Yeah. And later become friends with Dave Grl and stuff like that.


Oh yeah. I just read his book recently, but Yeah. And it's cool. And fucking well Sound Garden. Yeah. Fuck. There's been so many. They were a real big influence on me. Fuck Sound guard dude. Alison Chains dude, there's been so many great. Ah, fucking man. Dude, that was good dude. Ouch clown. Wow. Yeah, bro, when those things came on, when that shit happened, there was something about it being real. Yeah. And it was just like, there was this start part of you that started up fucking pur Dude. Yeah. Ac DC Bon Scott. There's another fucking great one. Like, dude, nobody sounds like that guy.


Uhuh. So Yes. HSBC back in black, I've seen. Yeah. Fuck yeah. God dude. Black bro. This dude in our neighborhood, this dude Eddie, he got a 5.0 fucking Mustang. Right. And. I. Remember he put two of the most busted chicks who were also the best looking girls in our neighborhood in it. Yeah. He made him sit on the back. Right. Like, like open. He'd sit on the back trunk, but with their legs inside. Right. And he would kind of just drive him around town like it was a parade, you know? No. Just because somebody finally had a car and somebody finally had two chicks in it. Right. I gotta show Every, everybody In our neighborhood were like, fuck you. Yeah, bro, we've all got a chance, dude. Right, bro.


And he bought 'em both daiquiris one time, these girls, oh God bless them. And he came over and he was just kind of fucking chilling in the street. And then he, he played back and black and he fucking floored it. And both of them fucking tumbled right out the back. Fucking back. Yeah. Dude, And, I think he left town. He was so ashamed. Just like the fucking amount of shame that people would have for shit. Oh. But God, that was fucking awesome, Dude. That is, that sounds awesome. Yeah. When the closest you could get to rock and roll is just some kid in the street was just throwing a fucking rock against a stop sign in here and that fucking ping, you know? Yes. Fucking God did the, the car, the the doors are rattling.


'cause the, the kids got fucking like, you know, three eighteens in the, In the trunk and just a rock for five skates or whatever. And that bitch is just, yeah. The ho caps are just fucking falling. The lights are breaking, Parts are falling off. It's a brand new car. He gets two blocks, he gets pulled over for fucking not having everything. Oh man. It was quite a time, man. It was the best time. Yeah, dude, you know what? That's that, that statement right there, that's one of the fucking coolest things ever. When people watch The Dirt, that's one of the big, the the biggest things I hear from, from people.


They're like, from the younger kids, they're like, man, is that what it was fucking like, like just all this shit's real. Right? I'm like, yes, they're, and I'm, and they're, and I'm like, they'll never know. They'll ne and that and that's what they say. They're like, we can't even, Ima like, we can't even imagine that. Like, you can't do any of that stuff anymore. you know, like, you guys just fucking, you know that, that part bo it's a nice thing to hear, but it also bones me out because that was at a time where anything fucking goes, dude.


Yeah. Anything goes, there's no Instagram or like people with cell phones taking pictures and like ratting you out or anything goes, dude. And the moment had so much value because it was the, it was all you had. Yes. You know, Fucking, you weren't gonna be able to relive it later. Like maybe you get a still image, but the fucking moment dude. Now the moment. Sometimes it's just like, even the moments like, I'm fucking give up. Yeah. you know, it's like I can't compete with the repetition of me that there is out there. That's what I feel like so many times. Yeah, dude. And even storytellers had more value because you had to tell the story. Dude, the best thing was I go somewhere, nothing would happen.


I'd go to school the next day and everything had happened. Yes. And I was like, fuck yeah dude. Dude the moment, bro. Yeah. It was so cool. Right, right. But I guess we just gotta keep making those moments. Yeah. We gotta do our best, you know, and you do it by having a new, taking on a new marriage. That's seven years. That's, congratulations man. That's amazing. Oh, Thanks buddy. And building a new house. Yes. And, and keep trimming our trees down to keep the shit what we want. That's important to us. Yes. Like our sons and our music and, and keeping alive all the fucking stories as much as we can, you know, by sitting and, and, and talking with people about 'em.


Yes. Thank you so much, Tommy. I appreciate it, man. It's nice to get to know you and thank you for fucking just Yeah. Making me fucking angry at everybody in my fucking neighborhood. Dude, I Theo in a fucking awesome way, dude. Dude. I would sing girls and then jerk off and I'd be like, I, feel like I just was on a date. you know? Like, it was just fucking awesome dude. We heard girls and we're like, we're Going to get Girls, dude. And we never got girls, bro. But we fucking sang that shit. Dude. Dude, I fucking love you, man. Good. It was fucking good, Dude. Yeah. Yeah. I thank fuck. Thank you for having me. And. I. I look forward to our friendship, man.


Thanks man. Yeah, I wanna come and see the trees, man. I, I, I, yeah, for sure dude. For sure. And, I'd love your wife. Makes me laugh so much. And her and Brittany Schmidt have a podcast. Bring it up right now. I just wanna see it real quick, so have to have them come on sometime. Oh, you having them come over here? Yeah, sometime. Yeah dude. And when we get that's need of fucking white bitches in here. Sorry, And. I'm talking about Brittany Schmid. I'm not talking about your wife. This is the worst podcast. Yeah. With Brittany Ferland and Brittany Schmidt. So Tommy Lee, thank you for everything dude. Yeah, bro, I hope you stay alive for absolutely ever.


Fuck you. Fuck you. Likewise. Now I'm just falling the And I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that I'll, this piece of, I.