
Sitting down Today to talk about dinosaurs, And fears with one of th greatest mixed martial artists of OUR time, of any time he won U f C belts in two different weight classes. And You can't even talk about th sport without mentioning him. I'm really honored to be in his presence. Today And. I mean That. Today's guest is Mr. Georges St. Pierre.


This is your country, man. Yes. Sir. And. So what? It's Yeah because it's French Canadian. So which one is th real one? Yes, or which, you know what I'm saying? Like, who's really th boss or whatever. Well, there's No. Really? I mean. Who's th boss? I don't know. If there's really a boss like If, you had to pick one. Do You get to pick one? Or every day? It's th same Yeah. You mean th boss. Talk about th th leader Yeah. Most people will tend to say Oh. It's th you know, th political leader. th th of Canada. Or th France. th prime minister. Or th th th President. But I'm, I'm I.


Think I mean You can call me conspire. Cons. Inspiration is thinking That. But I don't think he's th one That really control everything. I think he's th there's people behind That. Yeah. Maybe. it I mean. That's what I believe. I could be wrong. But that's what I think. That's what I think too. Yeah. I think th th President is th face. It's th face. It's th puppet. Yeah. But, but, but like, OUR Prime minister is th face, but I think there's people behind That. There's certain things That He He cannot do. Yeah. That. That's what I I believe. Did. you always believe That You think, or That You think that's grown over th years. Kind of. That's a good question. I think it grown over th years. Yeah same. Especially because there's a lot of, sometimes, sometimes there's a lot of conspiracy.


That turns out to be true. Yeah, And, And. There's so much stuff on, on internet nowadays. That You can try to search every, any, anything And. They will give You something to read about Yeah a certain subject, even if it's completely preposterous Yeah. So, it's hard to, to, to know what is real And what is not Yeah, but Maybe. That's th reason why, because of That. It makes me realize That Oh. what I'm seeing is Maybe not really what It is. Yeah, you know, know Yeah, Yeah Oh I think it's fascinating because Yeah say, if, like a lot of media was like, kind of all controlled, right?


th of course, they're gonna not want You to know some things. Yeah And. Eventually, people are gonna kind of figure those things out. People figure things out. I think it's, it's always about money. And power. you know, people, That has money. And power. what they want is they want more money and more power. I tend to believe That. Most of people are mostly in th middle And. And. Like, like you look at politics. You have th extreme right, extreme left And And. But most people are I. Think mostly in th middle, you know, That. They're not to one side or th other. And And, th th way it's portrayed is That. You have to pick one side, or th other side. And. You're like, shit, I. Don't know what to do.


you know what I mean? Because I'm, you know, I'm stuck in th middle Yeah I think stuck in th middle is probably th best spot. you know, And, I think most people are probably pretty logical. You would think, but th Maybe, sometimes I start to wonder. Do I give people too much credit? you know, like, are a lot of people just batshit crazy? you know, And, th I wonder sometimes am I just bat shit crazy. you know, Yeah, it's true. We have to look at OUR at ourself in th mirror sometimes, you know, you know, it's hard. Yeah. But I've wonder sometimes, like Yeah, I'm amazed. I guess That power, And money drive. So many people like I get It being like an influence, you know? But I think there's a part of me I. Guess I'm shocked. That It has That much control.


what do You think I mean? You've, you're kind of one Oh. One Georges. You've had such a I, mean You got to almost have kind of a perfect career in a lot of ways. you know, I I made a tons of mistake looking at it. And I Wish I could do better, because I'm very critics critic, C critic critics about myself. But Yeah can, I can, I'm happy of what I I have accomplished. Yeah And do You think was It power success driving You? Like, what do You what was kinda your driving force do You feel like? I'll be honest, with You I, 100% I. I never liked to fight I love th sport. I love th science of it. I like th camera imagery, That I have with my friend, you know, before Yeah, like a training camp, you know, it's like you're going to war.


I despise Fight Day. It's unbearable for me, can extremely uncomfortable And not knowing if I will be hurt, humiliated, or winning. th ultimate price is unbearable for me. It's, it's, it's very hard to deal with. But it's th price. That You have to pay If. you want to achieve freedom. Like, for me, I I first start doing it. Because I had had a, a certain natural talent. I would say, you know, if I would be born with an an cap, I wouldn't probably not be able to, to do what I did.


So, I was a gifted athlete. And I work. I also work really hard. But I also, I I consider myself extremely lucky. th Stars were all aligned because there's guys, That I've met through my journey. That were probably more talented. th I was, there's guys, That, I Met That probably worked harder. Th I th I did. But I think what made th difference is th fact. That I met th right people at th right time at th sometime life gave me certain opportunity. That I did not shy away.


I was always willing to get out of my comfort zone in order to improve, which is not th case from a lot of athlete And. Not only athlete like entrepreneur humans, Yeah humans for a human, for, for all of us. It's hard to get out of OUR comfort zone. But sometime it's necessary. It's a necessary evil in order to, to improve Yeah, you know, well, I think what, like what You said. Like, 'cause You can control how much You, how hard You work You can control. Those are a lot of control factors. Yes. But That is, that's a risk. When You get out there, And, You, get on a fight day. Yeah, some of it's outta your control. I, remember th Did it feel like That is That what It felt like? Kind of, it's, it's, it's always a question of risk.


And reward, you know, it's calculated risk. I. Remember th if I, go back more th like, almost 30 years ago, I couldn't really speak English very well. I learned at That school, but I grew up in a French environment. Yeah. So my English was really bad. It's hard. Yeah And, th first time I, I I. Remember, I was already a black belt in karate. And. I wanted to go to th Gracie Academy in New York, because that's where th best Juujitsu athlete were, were training at th time. So, I knew That. I needed to go there in order to train with th best to learn from th best. So, I'm about at That time, I'm about like 16, 17 years old.


And, I'm planning to go there with two of my friend. Two of professional That are professional athletes at th time. And, one of them, only one of them speak perfect English. So, so he's th he's a Yeah. And. It was not like, it is Today. There were, there were not like ways. So We had to go on MapQuest And, it, It was a pain in th in th butt to find your way. So, so I'm driving I, got a shitty Ford tempo with a hole in, in, in I. Remember where I I used to put th th brake pedal? So people used to make fun of me. It was like, th Flintstone, you know, I could get hole. So Yeah I could almost put my foot on th floor, you know? So, We We th plan was to go in New York to, to go, to go there.


And we share We, share th th hotel together. So, We save money, and we We We share th gas And everything. But th day before th ba th day before th trip, they, one of them called me And. He's th one, it's th one That speak English. He's like, Hey, Georges I cannot make It. I'm like, are You kidding me? And? I'm talking to th other one who's supposed to come with me. He's like, Oh, if He is not going, I'm not going either. I'm like, man, well, you know what I said? I said to my son, like, F It, I'm going By myself. And. That's it. So I went there. And I. Remember, man, I got my ass. Whoop. By a guy who weighs Maybe, 30 pounds lighter. th me, Wow, I, I got, I got tapped out.


Like in jitsu, when you're stuck in a armbar or choke, You have to tap Yeah. Otherwise, you're on break. Break or, or You get choked out. So, And I, remember at th time, I was like, man, I was, I was getting mold. I was a black belt. And, C, I was good, a good striker. But in grappling, I didn't have a lot of knowledge. And I knew I needed to learn it in order to become a, a mixed martial art fighter. But man, I got beat up so bad. And, I, And, I. Remember driving back. I was I was That close to, to, to give up. And, I. I told myself, I said, you know what? I need to go back out there. And learn And. Every time I was going back there. It was tough for me, because guys, a lot of them were trying to bully me.


A few of them were very nice to me, but it was a constant grind. And, I, remember th two guys, That were supposed to come with me. They asked me, Hey, how, how was it? I'm like, man, I got my ass kicked so bad, man. They never came back with me. They were like, they wanted to stay in their comfort zone. So that's th difference, you know, If, you want succeed. Sometimes it's a unnecessary ev evil. You're gonna go through pain. You're gonna might be humiliated. You're gonna, you're gonna fail. But th have to go through That man in order to improve, you know, And, that's, that's what I was ready to do, which is probably th case of other guys. So, That, th reason why I was successful, it's not because I think I was more gifted, or, you know, I I work harder. It's just because I was ready to do That sacrifice.


you know, Yeah, what do You think kind of made You in, in That space to take That sacrifice? 'cause I guess it's like Yeah. I mean it's, well, giving up is easy. Yeah, you know, it's I. Think saying something is better. Saying something's too hard. It's kind of easy. you know, I think, unless you're different I. Think some people look at That as a challenge. And. Some people look at it as an just a reality. Yeah, I. Think I. Think I. Think If. you want to be th best at something? I'm not talking being good. I'm m talking about You. Want to be th best at something? And in, in every field. I. Think You need to be a little bit obsess. I. I was never diagnosed.


I never saw a, a psychologist for it. But I, think I'm I. I, I'm obsessive compulsive. And. I. Think Did. you notice it when You were young. Like, what kind of things Did, you see, like You would do? Well, what one thing I would do. That is completely crazy. It, it's very stupid. But I, I used to do, like, when I, when I walk on th sidewalk, for example, I, remember in New York, going to train I, walk on th sidewalk And, there is line on th sidewalk. And, I noticed That I, step over one line with my right foot. But I have to step over with th left to make it an equal number. And it. Dr. Sometimes these things are so stupid, but it drive You nuts when I drill techniques in Juujitsu, I have to do this in, or wrestling, or any combat sport.


I have to do th same amount on each side. Even though in a fight, I will most likely do one side, my best side. But I have to do th other side. And, I. Think these things as crazy at, as, as it sound, are probably some of th th things That made me perform. Well, you know, right? 'cause You need things to be, even You need things to be calculated. Maybe or even th fact That, you're even calculating things is kind of, it sounds crazy, Yeah. It sounds obsessive, but It also is kind of magnificent in a way. Because to be great at something, you're gonna have to be someone who's calculating things, even when you're not even in your subconscious. It also, I think it, it's good for an athlete for performance, but You need to learn how to let go.


Yeah, You need to learn to punch, punch in And, punch out And. Sometimes it's hard. I. See, in th news, sometimes some fighters, they can't do It. you know, they, they, they go crazy, or they keep going. Yeah, like Tony Ferguson, he keeps going. Do You think it's a tough space? That. He's in. Like, 'cause it's weird. People love watching him fight. Yeah, right? Yeah, And. It feels like he loves, like, giving himself to th people. People He like, it, almost like He shows up just because he knows we're gonna love him so much. Yeah. But You start to think That, it's painful for him. I mean he is had a tough run recently. Yeah I, I I. Love to, to, to see him fight. It's, it's just unfortunate because th Tony Ferguson, That You see nowadays is, it's not th th Tony Ferguson.


That He was when He was in his prime And. It depends what he's trying to accomplish, right? you know, It, I, I prioritize my health. you know, first And And, that's my priority. But some guys, they, they have a kick of it. They, they, they don't care. They, they prioritize having I. Don't know some of them. They love to fight. You know, for them, it's, it's, it's a, it's an adrenal. And. They love it. I never liked It. I mean I did it. Because I wanted to have th th freedom. you know, th th life That. I have so I use That to propel myself, where I wanted to be in life. I. See? But some guys, they, they just love to fight. And, I, And. It's funny because when I was young, I was looking around And, I, I never felt I was at th right place.


I, I I. Remember, I, I seek th alp of sports psychologists And. A lot of them, they told me, you know, like, they were trying to brainwash me. They were like, ah, Georges, stop saying, you're afraid. You're not afraid, you're excited. I'm like, I'm like, bro, I'm excited. If I I don't know if I say a beautiful woman, or, you know, like, like, or, you know what I mean? I'm not, I'm not excited to go fight in th in a, in, in a cage. you know what I mean? So, I'm afraid th I realize That You should not be afraid. I I should not be afraid to admit That. I'm afraid. you know, there's No courage without fear. And, when I'm made peace with it. I knew It was a normal thing. And I learned how to control it. But it's, that's why there's some guys, I, think they fake It so hard.


And, they don't make peace with It. And. When th light is on, is on And, it's time to perform. They crumble. You. See, That very often in combat sport, guys, That are very good in th gym. But th when it's time to go, they, they don't perform as well. You're like, how? What's going on? you know? That's why, because they don't know how to deal with, they don't know how to domesticate their fear. They don't know how to th they don't know, know how to manage their fear. They don't know how to manage it. They don't know how to control their stress. I, remember I think it's Cato. th Mike Tyson coach, he says, fear is like fire. It can help You cook your food, but it can also burn You If. you don't know how to control it. you know, And, And, one of my psych psychologists used to, th sports psychologist, used to say to me, he's like, You, have butterflies.


You have to make them fly in formation. That. That's one thing used to tell me all th time can, like That was a good analogy. That's crazy, man. And, I'm sure for You, it, th same thing. I mean When You do a a, a show, I mean I. Don't know. Are You afraid to, to, to mess up And. And be being humiliated. I. Did It ever happen to You? That? Oh for sure. Like You You, you're You, You screwed up. You're like, shit, this thing doesn't work th way. I want And. I mean, I'm sure It happened. Like, it happened to me. I, I get hit. Or, you know what I mean? I lose a fight. Yeah. It wasn't my plan. And. My Strat, Yeah. I didn't. I ran out. Bullets. I ran out of like moves. I tried some jokes. It didn't work. Oh th beginning You almost go out there. 'cause You, You just want I.


Think, you know, it's gonna fucking hurt. you know, And, You just want to I think a lot of comics kind of hate themselves a little bit, to be honest. Oh, And. So they go out there. 'cause they know th feeling. That. th embar, th pain, th th embarrassment And pain. They're gonna feel. Finally, it'll match how they feel on th inside. Hmm. So, there's a little weirdness in That That. Like, some things are gonna feel a little, even in a way, And also, a lot of comedians hate themselves so much. That. th people could never hate them as much as they fucking hate themselves, huh? So, or they've talked so badly about themselves, like in their own head. you know, you need You. You mean You need to be willing to make fun of yourself.


If, you want to do, do That, right? Yeah, right? Yeah. I. Think That helps Yeah, because th it certainly at That point, it's like you're using all th tools. You already. You, make fun of others. But You make fun of You need to bere ready to make fun of yourself as well, right? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, And in your head. Like I, think a lot of comedians are like, you know, they have a lot of fear. They have a lot of inferiority, And. So when they're, when they're growing up, they probably talk badly to themselves in their head, huh? And. So th when they're able to joke about themselves, it's almost a way of releasing some of That. It's like they're making fun of themselves, but it's, in a way, That is making, bringing joy to people. Yeah. So it almost kind of like alleviate some of That, if That makes any sense. O over th year, th th That feeling of It goes away.


It goes away. For You, Yeah, Yeah, That was my gut. It goes away because You, it, Did, It didn't go away from me. Really? Yeah, It got worse, because every fight is bigger. th th but just th fight. So th fight itself. So th training And, all of That, you're training now. Training makes me ner You. No can, I'm nervous before training. 'cause when You train for a fight, You want to perform, right? When you're in between, fight off season. Now You want to have fun, Yeah. That's when training is fun. But when you're training for a fight, it's about performance. It's not That fun. It's not fun. Winning is fun. But, you know, like, like, like one of th things like, like, th fight day would be tough. I'm sorry. th fight day would be th toughest. It's terrible. I I. Well, to give You an example, fight day. It's every fight day is th worst day of my life.


You, You, You. Wake up after a shitty night of sleep. And And. When You wake up, you're like, because You You don't sleep well. Because You make So I make so much scenario in my mind. If, you do this. I can do this. And try to cover every possible scenario. That can happen. And, And, sometimes You, close your eyes. You, try to see You. Try to be positive. But sometime You, don't see yourself winning. Sometimes there's certain imagery That pops up in your head. That, You. See yourself losing Oh. But I develop a, a trick. I'm a firm believer of th power of, of thinking. you know, of th th power of th mindset. Visualization. Yes. So, when You have a, a negative imagery, That pops up in your head.


It's a sign of intelligence. you know, it's, it's normal. It will happen because you're smart. You can, You can You can for foresee certain bad outcome. So, You need to be prepared. So, so it forces You to You. Don't want to finish your visualization on a negative note, because it would leave a scar up, up here. So I always force myself, when I see myself getting dropped, By a punch. th I, I, don't let go. I just force myself. Okay? I'm gonna, I'm gonna scramble back up. And, get back in control of th fight. And. th I, I can go on with my life. Do whatever I need. I need to do. So I, think If. you only finish on th negative.


It could leave a scar. Wow. That's one of th thing That over th years. I I I tried to do And. It helped me a lot. It's powerful. It reminds me of th fight. th first Sarah Fight I. Think you know, Yes And. you know, you know, You didn't get th outcome. That You wanted, but You stayed alive. I mean You. you know, That was a Yeah. I I I got hit so many times. I, I, I was like, geez, I felt like We were getting hit at home. I. Remember, I And And mats really surprised me because going into That Fight was my first title. Defense Mats was known for his grappling prowess. you know, he was a, a, a very, one of th most decorated jujitsu. A at th time, hands on him. And And. I was more, more worried about his ground game.


th his standup. But he worked a lot on his standup game, and he cut me with a punch. That I never saw coming on behind. th here And, when he caught me, I, remember, I got emotional because I wanted to give it back to him right away. you know, like, I, this was not supposed to happen. th odds were, were favoring me, like, as something like 10 to one or something crazy. So, I wanted to give It back to him right away. And like an idiot. I fall into a slugfest. And. When you're a stunned, you're not accurate, 'cause you're dizzy. He was accurate, and he hits very hard. So, I got like a I. Don't And. I can't remember how many punches I I hit. I got hit with, and he stayed alive, though. Oh, I, I. But you know what I did?


So, because I I didn't know where I was. I was so dizzy. I tapped out. And I got I got a lot of critics, because Oh He iss a quit. He tapped out on Strike. And, everything. And. It affect me at th time. 'cause I was like, man, you know, like, Maybe, I'm not as good as I. Think And. A lot of people were like, Oh. He is Maybe. Not th not as good as, as people think And I needed to build myself mentally from That. And. It was very, very hard. 'cause I lost. th Confidence. And Confidence for fire is th most important thing. 'cause You can have all th skills in th world. But If, you don't have th Confidence. If I can make an analogy, it's a, it's like someone who has a lot of money in his bank account, but No way of accessing it.


Mm. So I needed to build myself back up. And It was, it was a tough time. I, remember I, it's funny, You see, It That Way. 'cause I saw It as Wow. I cannot believe how I think. It it for me. It goes back to what You were saying. That like, to, in visual, like If, you visualize yourself getting hit to th finish on a visualization of yourself. you know, returning back to form And, like still being in th bout. 'cause that's what It seemed like to me. I mean, you know, We got th victory on That one. But I, I, I, I, I tapped out on strike. And, I'm not ashamed to say it. A lot of guys, That will say, because there, there's this thing in OUR sport. That Oh, You tapped out on strike. You You quit. But man, it's a sport. We're not in a war. And, I rather save myself for another day.


All right? You always seem like That guy. You always seem like th You always a perfect strategist. Kinda, I'm never gonna give up until it's finished. But That fight was finished. I was gone. I, I, I. It was a matter of time. That. I was probably gonna fall unconscious. So I decided to tap And to save some of my brain cells. Yeah, And, come back another day. And, And, You did. And, I, Yeah, I, And, And I. Think there's No shame about It That when, when That happened at th time, I was ashamed a little bit. And. th I didn't wanna talk about it, but, you know, I'm glad I did. It Yeah. I'm glad I did. It. Yeah. Well, I, think It. It's easier probably to look in back in th pa And. See th long, you know, to see th whole, like all th work, you know, Yeah to see it as a whole, as like a whole piece there.


Yeah, what was th what was kind of one of th toughest times You felt like in your career was That. Probably it You. Think, because You had just gotten th title. It's your first title, defense. It It. That. That was, That was bad. Mentally. th first loss before That, I lost Matt Hughe, Matt Hughes. Yeah It was more of a learn learning experience. This was different because It really brought my Confidence down. And I. Remember at th time I, one of I had a sports psychologist? He He. He is awesome. I. Shout out to Brian Kane, And Brian or Ryan Bri. Brian Kain. Brian can, he, He was amazing. and he He and he is deceased. No, No, No, No, No, No No. He He still. He is still around.


Oh. Good, good, good. He works, he works with pro athlete. and he says to me, he says to me, because after That fight, I immediately, I, th only thing I was thinking about is to, to get back out there. And. Get my, get my, my revenge. you know? Right? Because I was not proud of my performance. I was like, man, I'm better th this, I'm better. th this guy I. Wanna, I, want to go back out there? And show. Th world And. you know, my ego wanted to show th world. That I am better. th this. But th th fight That I had were, was not against Sarah. My, my other fight. I needed to build, like, to win I have a few more wins before I had to, to return for a title shot. So I was not focusing on th right thing. I was focusing on Matt. Sir, instead of focusing on my next opponent, And.


That could have been very bad. Wow. So what my sports psychologist did to me, He, he said, he said, Georges, you're carrying a lot of brick And. you know what mean at th time? So he made me carry a brick, and he made me write th name of Sarah with Clay on it. and he made me carry That brick in my training bag. And, every day, I was going to train with a freaking brick. And. th Tristar You have to go up th stairs, And. It's a, it's not a pleasant walk to go to th gym. It's, it's kind of a training of itself, of itself. And, at one point, like after a week, I call him can, like Hey, can I get rid of That brick? He's like, No, You. Keep it You. Keep It. I'm like, man, this guy is completely insane. you know? Like, he's, he He was, you know, I thought That He was crazy.


He probably need a psychologist himself. So I kept carrying, carrying th brick And, right? th like, th week before my, my fight with, with I, think it was Josh Khe That. I was trying to get back to a title th shot. I was like, man, I can't deal with this shit anymore. can I throw through That breakout He iss? Like, okay, I'm coming. Wait. So I went to where th river is. I threw It. I, grab it. And I threw It in th water. And. you know, It sounds cuckoo to say, but it was something physical. That I, did That add a profound change on my mental, it It kind of freed me from That That th way That needs to prove to th world, That That I wanna beat them.


can you know? So I was able to focus on th immediate task ahead, right? Yeah, because sometimes That desire, I just, it's a blind desire. Almost like I need to prove Yeah And. It's not, it's powerful, but it's not effective because it's not calculated. Yeah, you know, And, it can be even more dangerous sometimes. th anything Yeah. So, so, so I was not, I was going in a dangerous path because I was not focusing on th on th on th Oh. What's th most important on th most important thing? That was my th th th fight. like I was focusing on th other fight be After. But Yeah I was about to, to to screw it up bad, you know, whenever You retired Hendrick, what was your Oh? No th Las fight was Bisping.


Bisping was my Las fight. That was awesome. And Drx is after I took a I, took a break after Hendricks Yeah.


First of all, I'd like to say thank You to Dan Morgan And. Everyone over at Morgan and Morgan We had an issue with Kai th Hitchhiker, and he filed a lawsuit against us, and he made quite a hullabaloo. But Morgan and Morgan stuck with it until finally OUR Case was dismissed. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. And. They have over 100 offices nationwide, and more th 800 lawyers with over $15 billion covering over 300,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get You full. And fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. If you've ever been injured, You can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for th people.com/ This. Past Weekend or dial pound law Pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR th people.com/ This. Past Weekend or dial pound law. Pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Yeah, whenever You took a break after Hendrick, You had talked about, like, th You, were going through a tough time or something. Yeah, what was That about? It was, was it stuff You couldn't talk about before? Yeah, it was, I had a lot of issue, had a lot of family issue. And problem. And, And. And. th thing is, when you're, I was a very active fighter. And, And. When You say active, what do You mean? Fighting often. Yeah. Fighting often. And. And. Also, You have to consider That. You. You do a lot of promotion tours. And, And stuff. It's exhausting. It takes It, takes a lot out of You. And also, th stress on, on always You. Always have someone That. That is threatening You. 'cause when you're th contender, You don't have as much stress because You have one target.


You want to be champion. Oh, Yeah You wanna go there? That's th benchmark. you know, that's th best isn't It Yes? It's hard to be, to become champion, but it's even harder to stay champion. There's not a lot of Guy That. Stay champion for a long time. No, it's very hard, because when you're champion, you're th target. When you're th contender, You, You have, You have, you know, one, one guy is Target. It's nobody really targets You. But If, you get to th title shot is You have only one guy. That targets You, right? You, when you're th champion, everyone targets You Yeah. So you're th target And. You don't have much time to prepare for your, your opponent. And, your opponent is been looking at You for years because he's climbing th rank, and he iss studying You.


He is trying to find a shake in your armor. And, every time they interview any of those guys, they all call your name because you're th guy Oh, of course. So that's why it, it is much different. It's so much more difficult to stay Champion th th becoming champion And And. When you're a champion, it's hard because your life change. You have more responsibility and more. There's a lot of more requests. And stuff. And th man, you know, it, it's, it And. That's what happened to me at th time. I I was, you know, I I was doing it for so long. And I had so much pressure for so long. And, I, remember at th time, I was I didn't want, I was shy to talk about it, because I was like, if I talk about it.


Before th fight, And I was fighting against, they had, they used to have big problem with performance enhancing drug in, in mixed martial art. Yeah Yeah. It was, it was a, a, a big, big problem. Oh, they got big problems with those at a damn seven 11. Dude, those people are shooting up everywhere now. I, I, I, I never wanted to I to accuse one individual. But I I wanted to change th system. And th U f C at th time didn't really add my back. They didn't really help me on That. And, I. It was, I was fighting against That behind closed Door And. It was because You were saying some of these guys could be using We, have to test stronger Oh. A hundred percent. That's why I did th test. When I, when I fought Hendricks, when I fought also B jn, We did th test, because I was, I wanted to implement this, right?


It's crazy because You play basketball. You play soccer, play football, but You don't play. Fighting can lose your, your brain cells out there. It's different. And, It makes some people like Yeah, but it doesn't make That my bullshit. It makes You such a, it's difference. It's a tons of difference, man. I, I've trained with guys. That are openly, like, they're saying to me, like, when they are on, on, on Cycle, it's not even th same person. No, Yeah, guys like It, It, It changes. You, not only stamina, strength, your rec recovery, but also your, your, your brain, your, your reaction time. Yeah You more creative there. There's things That You would do when you're on It. That, That. You would not Maybe do when you're not, you know, so, so Oh, you'll start fucking th air when you're on, you're on test 700 or whatever.


Dude, I saw a guy one time, just Yeah He, just, he had, so, you know, He just He turned into an animal. Yeah, a hundred percent, a hundred percent. So, so I in, in fighting. So that's a risk. th because you're at th top. Obviously, everybody's focused on You, And, If. you don't know if some of th if you're staying clean, And You, don't know if some of th dr some of th testing I is up to your, what? You believe is a fair code. Yeah th fuck That would be really scary. Well, th th th martial art I. Think th one of th thing in martial arts is th respect. And, And being, just being fair. And And. I mean, th th these are th tra traditional value of, of martial art. And, And, I I always try to carry That with me.


And I felt like I was in some way, you know, not betrayed, but I I felt a little bit let go. And I was just fed up. I was just, I just needed to take a time off. you know, I, I was, that's why I left for more th four years. you know, And can, I'm glad I did it, because Maybe, it should have done it. Maybe a, a fight. Be one, one fight before you know it would You can burn out, man. Yeah, Yeah. It's so much pr people don't, I don't think, realize th I can't even imagine th responsibilities. And th Yeah, especially while th sport is still building so much at That time. Like That was a huge building period for U. F C, And. So, like to have, so just to have like inter interview requests.


I want You to be here. And, You wanna do all th things You can do, you know? 'cause You feel like you're physically capable, but Yeah part of You starts to get burned down. It's like a I don't know. It's almost like when You light a candle And, there's nothing left in It Yeah. That's how I feel sometimes. I I. Remember You You just finish a fight. And immediately after. There's another guy calling You, calling You out. And being, that's crazy. My son, son, I, I'm, I'm sort of a obsessive compulsive guy. So as soon as another guy calling me out, I'm start to make scenario in my mind. I'm like, okay, this, I'm like, it drive You nuts. It drive You And, when you're th contender. You come. You're on your way up. You don't have That problem. Yeah. you know, Yeah, of course, when Maybe You get to th top five, you know, p But, but before That, nobody notice You.


Nobody care about You. You care about them, but they don't care about You. It's so funny. I never. So, when you're, you're on top now, you're th target. Everybody talks shit about You. They, they, they disrespect You, And, If. you want You want it or not? It touches You Yeah, you know, because You say, Oh You. Don't bother watching these thing, but you know, it. It touches You, And, And, You. See, sometime things get bad. You. See? th people That. They insult each other. And, And. People always ask me, sometimes Oh, do You think they went too far? I mean, this is th fight game, man. They You can die out there. Or You can have certain damage. That will make You die in th near future Oh Yeah wheelchair or whatever, anything, th art of war, man. They're gonna try everything to try to make You lose your mind.


and we saw many, many fights That guys lose their mind. And. That's one of th reasons why, like everybody knows Connor McGregor Yeah. He, his first title Fight against Jose Aldo. He knocked knock him out in like, something like seven second. He pissed off. Jose Aldo so much, Jose, Aldo lost his mind. He went out of his game plan. And tried to rush to him to give It to him. can Mcg Gregory is an incredible counter puncher. He just slipped. Boom. Yeah That was It. That was a I. Mean It was very smart from his part to I, right? Jose Aldo. It, it was, it was emotional. It was I.


Believe it was prepared. I believe He He, Jose do exactly where he wanted to be. Yeah He set it up. By, all th interview, all th things. He said, all th thing he done, right? He started th fight months before. In a way, Yeah. So, when you're in That, fight game, fight game. Another thing That, people don't talk about, you'd never want to show your your private life, right? Because people will talk, will use That against You. Talk about people. Me, I can put a shield. If, you can insult me. You can say whatever You want, I can. I'm very good at putting a shield, And. It's not gonna bother me, but it talk about someone I love. Someone I care about. Now it's gonna get me, you know, Yeah.


So, and we saw That another time with, with Connor. And. And Khabib. Norma goov. th th th th famous fight. Yeah Yeah That was crazy. Yes. So That. That's th reason why It It. It It went crazy after, because they were, they, they crossed th line. But it's th fight game. That's th fight game. I don't think it's right. But a lot of guys will do That to make You th rail. Of course, do You respect, guys, just as much That do That I mean? It's just, it's another facet to war in a way, right? It is th art of war, man. th th it's combat sport, man. It's, it's kill or be kill, man. They, they're gonna do it. Do You think it's evolved more since like in th past like 15 years? Have You noticed it evolved more over time? Like That, it's more of a strategy now.


Or do You think more people see it coming now? Like, what do You think th evolution of that's been of trash talking? It's a good question. I I. Think what changes is th fact That. Now, We have social media. And, we're in touch with th world. Oh. That's so true. I can be at home in Montreal. And insulting You, when you're in Tennessee in two second And, You will notice it in, in real time. Boom. Before That, That was not really th case. We didn't have That That That power. you know, Yeah. Now You can say something. th old world sees it. And Oh, Did. you heard what he said? Oh, blah, blah. So that's I. Think what made makes th difference. you know, it's different now. Yes. Do You feel like th testing has gotten better over time in th sport?


Well, now I think it got a little bit worse because, well, they th one company quit, right? Or they, one company got laid off. U S, A DA, right? And I interrupted You. I interrupted You, sorry, Georges No No No No. Please, please, it's true. what happened is they didn't have any testing first. th they I I think You U. SADA, That. So it got much better. But they test beef And stuff, don't they? Is it th same Group? They, they I can Yeah U. SADA I. Don't think It Oh, my God, bro, if th same person testing my pork chops is testing Mike Perry, th I think ve got ve got fucking figure something out.


I mean I. Think both of 'em are clean, but I'm just saying. But well, You saw what I when, when U us City A just, just arrived on th scene. A lot of th champion I, fall. I felt, you know, And, And, And, And. They made a, they lost a lot of money, but I give them props because they, they took th lead. They, they had to do it. They had to clear up. They had to make sure Yeah, And, I. and we did it And. That's one of th reason I came back. And I, And. I fought Bisping. 'cause they, if they would not have made drug tests, I would never have come back. Wow I was like, No way can. I'm like, this is I. Don't, I don't like That. But now I think it, because It was too, it just wasn't fair. It just wasn't Oh. It's not fair. It wasn't insane. It was like too much. th sanctioned, like, can never gonna say this guy, this guy. But when you're in, you're in th th industry. you know who's who?


you know who th what? It's a small world. Yeah. We, We all know And, And, Oh. It's like when you're in ninth grade, And, some kid shows up like That with pimples everywhere. You know what's going on. But you know what Ricky's been doing. you know what I'm saying? You just know Yeah. But sometime it's not even You cannot even notice It's physically. 'cause certainly drug, like, like for example, like E. PO will give You a crazy stamina, but might not really heard, really changes. You, physically That, there's stuff. That, That, You people talks. you know, who's who? And. And. I mean. It was just at th time, It was in, It was insane. And, I'm glad That, U f C did this. I didn't wanna bring U F C down. That was not my intent. When I did this, I wanted to elevate th sport And.


I'm glad they did it. I. Think it elevate th sport. Oh, Yeah, And. Now, Yeah, they're not with U, SADA anymore, but I think they hire another organization to, to do th tests. Yeah know Yeah, but I do believe That If, you wanna avoid corruption. It needs to be a separated entity. That, do th test. th th th organization itself. And is That what they have now. Right now it's says I am not sure. But if th organization has power in order, like in, in, in th testing, it's corrupted. Yeah. It cannot be corrupted. It It needs to be a, a different entity where th th organization does not have any power. Right? Right. Because they can't be able to control And.


Say, Hey. Let's make this okay, And, this is not okay. Of course, imagine You have a big fight coming up. And. th two th th two guys. That had lined. th car is like one of them. Test positive Oh. Well, they just screwed up th card. you know, And, they lose a lot of money. So they have a a, they, they have a interest in, in this Yeah, this says, drug Free Sport International will be in charge of th collection process. Under th new program, That begins in January when UFC's deal with USADA ends. This was Las year, former FB I Special agent, Georges Piro, best known for interrogating former Iraqi dictator, Sam Saddam Hussein will be in charge of th new program. Huh, that's interesting. You, identify people in entities in th space. That can make something. That is already working. Well, And You make them better. U f C, vice president Jeff Naski, said, You learn That.


Usada is not th only player in th space. And th a combination of other entities, And in individuals, can actually make your program stronger. And, better And, that's exactly what's happening right now with OUR program. It, it's unfortunate. I believe they want clean guys fighting in there. No doubt. I believe they want money. I think that's what they believe. I think That, their, their number one interest is th money, which is normal. They, they, they run a business. They're a business And after, after Yeah th security of th factor. But I, I, I, it's, it's not to, to bash them. And, I, And, I think it's every company want to make money. That's th goal, right? Like, that's th number one priority. And after, if We can make It fair, And clean, okay? But money I I think is always th number one I.


Think And, I That. Well, it's th point. That's business And. th you know what it business, that's it. And business. Sometimes business is inherently has some evil edges to It, or not evil, but it's like business gets kind of dirty sometimes. I'm not saying this, but I remember, like, I went, And saw ER's, Las fight. And, I. Remember waiting outside. th th people came, And took him in there to test him. But are, are those tests, are they able to keep those tests like legitimate? Are they like, well, th th th problem I I believe is, well, just to give You an example. When I was training to fight Michael Bisping, You had to fill th a whereabout to tell, to, to let them know, okay, I, I have training at this time, this time to this time at, at this place.


Okay, Oh, next week, I'm in, I'm in Florida. But let's say You really want to cheat, for example, okay, You, just tell them you're going to I don't know freaking Antarctica or somewhere where they're not gonna spend money to send a, an investigator to test You Oh Yeah, but You, go there, You, You, You, get your stuff And. Th you know how long it stays in your system. And th after You got th You surf on, on, on, on th on on, on It for, for weeks. you know what I mean? So, so Oh I. See, th You could use It to enhance You And. th be clean when it's time for Showtime. Or another thing That guys, do they have a, a sponsors, okay, so they prepare their, their their excuse. So let's say I'm sponsored By a certain food supplement company, okay?


And, I'm, I'm taking, for example, a certain substance. That is illegal. you know, That, my th th food supplement, That th protein company, That sponsor me is tainted By That certain substance. So I'm, I'm sponsored By them. So when I get cut, Oh, it's not my fault. It's th ah, company That sponsors me. So that's another way. So You, prepare your, your, your, you know, That, that's Did you, that's one of th way I would think. They, they would do know Yeah. No, I, Oh I. Think That makes sense. Did, you feel like most of th fights You fought people. Your opponent was clean. I I don't have th evidence. And And. It's, it's, it's wrong to accuse someone If.


you don't have th evidence. But you know, for a fact, That, there was a lot of guys, a lot, a lot of guys, That were using performance financing, drug And. It was, it was a big problem. Yeah And. th same thing in, in th Olympic, where You have money. You will al always have corruption. Yeah, it's impossible to, to, to catch everyone, because th th technology to cheat will always be one step ahead of th technology to catch th game. th athlete, you know, th athlete, you know, that's crazy. Sounds like a cat in a mouse. Yeah. Well, You were fortunate, man. You got in And. You kind of got out at th time where You wanted I. Mean You I, you'd achieved everything. You wanted. I mean, you're one of th rare people. That. It's like, it's almost like If. you look at your career And stuff, you're like, dang, man.


He made all th right moves. you know, I Lucky was strategic about it. I I was strategic, but I have th chance to have real friends. A lot of th people, I, I, may I hang out with That. I'm That, I'm from with That. Were friend with me in th beginning And. For me, it's very important because they don't tell me what I want to hear. They tell me th truth. what You need. And. Even when I wanted to come back, And fight Michael Bisping, they, a lot of my good friend That were like, Georges, you're 36 years old, man. Your best years are Maybe behind You. what, what are You trying to prove? And? My, my, my ar my argument was like, man, I, I don't want to live with regret. I just want to do one more.


Or, you know, depend on I. It's gonna go, you know, And. If I fail, I fail. And, I, And I. Leave And. If I, keep going. I, keep going. But at least give me one, one shot. And And. If I succeed, we'll, we'll see. After, you know what I mean? And I didn't want to live with regret, you know, Yeah, because let's say, let's say I would not have done it. I always I I would have grown up. Now, I'm, I'm 43, it's too late. you know, I passed my prime. I would, I would live with regrets, say Oh. I should have done It. And. Now, I would regret it. So I, I always believe That You never want to live with regrets. That's th worst thing. Is there, has there been moments since th where like, you're just on th couch or something. And, you've had a couple beers, And, you're like, I'm fucking getting back in there tomorrow. And, you're just like, you're just kind of fired up a after, after.


When I retired, I I I retired because I had, when I I won th title, but people don't know this, but I I was very healed. like I. I had a ulcer colitis 'cause I I was trying to, to gain weight colitis. Yes I, I was trying to gain weight because I was fighting And. th every swelling of th large intestine Yes, okay, I I was trying to put on weight. So I, it's Crohn's disease. You have Crohn's disease. No No, it's, it's ulcer, ulcer colitis. It's not Crohn Oh Crohn's is different ulcer colitis. But very often ulcer, ulcer colitis transformed into Crohn. And Crohn transformed into cancer Oh a lot of time, you know, You see That progression. So when That, like when I Wow, when I had those crazy cramp, it was during my training camp with Bisping And, I didn't know what it was 'cause it was blood.


When I was going to bathroom, And I told myself, I said, whatever it is, I'm gonna do th fight And, I'm gonna have, because No No. But to, to know what it is, You need to do what they call a colonoscopy. So they go with a camera And, right? They got go in there Yeah. But Hey, You need to, to take per Yeah, You need to take La And. All That like it, it E empty. You Yeah And I was trying to put on th weight Oh Yes. It was so, you know what I mean? I couldn't do it. I. It was a few weeks before And I said, you know what? Whatever It is, I'll do th fight And. I'll deal with it. After And And, after th fight, I went to do th test. And I I got diagnosed with ulcer colitis. And I was on heavy, heavy medication. Like for, for anti-inflammatory And, I relinquished That th title I could have kept th title for one year.


And like parade Yeah with th sponsorship And. But I didn't want to do That because of th for th respect, you know? So I I really qu it 'cause I didn't know what was going to happen. I, I I said, man, I I don't know what's gonna happen. you know? So I tried to get better And after a few, few week, it didn't really work. And I discovered fasting And. what happened is pretty incredible. I I met th doctor, Dr. Jason Fung And in Toronto. Jason Fung, f U, NG Yes. He's He. He's Japanese, huh? Yeah, nephro nephrologist. He is I. Think it's Chinese or th Canadian Chinese Yeah. Okay, that's him, exactly. He gave me a a fasting program.


He treat a patient, That has certain type of diabetes, and he gave me certain program of fasting. And. what happened after th next few weeks? I, all my symptoms disappeared. Wow, And, I I diminished th dose of my medication until I No longer need it. And. what type of fasting? Like what exactly were You doing? I did two types. I did what? We call time restricted eating. Where? You eat in a C. You eat all your calorie in a certain window, okay? Like a intermittent fasting kind of thing. Yeah, like You, eat your calorie And And, eight hour And You You fast on like You. Only drink water in th 16 hour. And I do also prolonged fasting. So what I do when I do prolonged fasting, I do four days only water No And.


When I train I, take salt in my, in my hand, I. Put a little bit And And. I lick a pervert. That's okay. Or perver per, but, but You take salt. Because You don't want to deplete your mineral when You And this over time, because ulcer colitis, you're supposed to be stuck with That for life. Wow, it's a condition You have for life. When You got it, You finish. you know, You got It. And, all my symptoms are gone now. I can drink, I can eat whatever I want. And. I'm I mean. I. I. Realize That, you know, We talk about conspiracy And stuff. Th reason why You don't hear about fasting is because nobody makes money with It Yeah. It's not No pills. It great Yeah, but It. It's really worth investigating. Of course, ask your doctor, but man, it changes my life.


And I. Just wish I would've known this before. Really? It really didn't. So you've used it in other facets too, to, you know, when You need a type, It, it, It works for everything. Like sometime You have an injury like, say, tendonitis, And, tendonitis. Often it's related to inflammation. you know, all inflammation, disease, when You fast, it take away th inflammation. And, And, And. If all th stuff That, I, That, I had re regarding inflammation like a toe one of my toes. I had a problem with one of my toes. It was hurting me for years. When I started doing my fasting, It kind of disappeared th way. Yeah Yeah Yeah know We. Don't think about That. We always think more and more, more like, and more medicine, more anything, more, more of this diet. I thought.


th same thing. Before I was like, Oh protein shake this because I was trying to gain weight, right? When I fought this thing, And And I realized, man, I was doing th everything wrong. And. And. It's not We. Always think about th punch in We. Don't think about th punch out like You. Were saying We. Don't think about th inverse of it. It's insane. And, And, I. Remember I I had th chance to go to Kenya, to Tanzania. th Kenya. Maasai I met th tribe of, of hunter getter. Oh, Yeah. Those brothers can jump, huh? Yeah. But, but these guys, man, sometimes they, they spend three, four days without eating. Wow And. It's normal. They're used to it. And, If, you see their old people compared to OUR old people, they're much more health, healthier.


Oh, Yeah, they, they look much more, much better. And. th reason why people, people will tell me, you know, Oh, Yeah, but they have a shorter life. Expect expectancy. th us Yes is because of th a lot of th child die before th age of adulthood. Oh, I. See? So th numbers are kind. They die when they're young. Yeah, Yeah. Child, child, child. How do You say in English? th starvation or neglect? No. No, No, No. They get, they got like disease, or th th hospital is too far away. You have to You have to drive like five hour, you know, well, That right there if something's wrong, Yeah. But if once they pass a certain point, If, you look at their, their old people. And, OUR, old people. They, they much, they look much better. Oh, OUR. Old people look like shit. A lot of 'em, to be honest. Chance Yeah. But a lot of them, you know, I've had a couple of grandparents, And, they were mid I thought.


But, but, but what makes us live That long? It's not because of OUR healthy lifestyle. It's because of OUR technology, or most of it, right? That's true, huh? That's what's saving us most of th time. what? It's not us doing anything. Yeah. When, when I was a kid, for example, I had, like, it's called in French Con. It's when you're a baby, you're You have a rise of temperature. So what your body does it shut, shut itself down. And it, it go in, into a coma like this. And It happened to me when I was young. My mom told me if I would not have technology, I was brought back, brought to th hospital, And, they put me on a artificial como And, everything on plugs. And And. If I would not have have That technology, I would've not been here with You Today.


So, I'm, I'm, I'm alive, Today because of OUR technology. Technology. But what do You have? But how You treat th life You have is up to You as well. If If, you We don't have technology, Maybe, if 50% of us would, would not be, there'd be fucking cooked, dude, I'd be out. Probably a lot of my family would be gone. Oh, Yeah, like infant mortality rates. That's You. Were talking about Infant Monte more because they have Anga tribe. In, in, in Africa. They have a much higher infant mortality rate. th th us Yeah. That's what lowered their, their life expectancy. you know, when You look at some of th fights, Did. you watch th boal fight th other night. Did. you watch th fights. I did Yeah man, do You think it was fair to make them fight at That hour in th morning over there? Or is That just fighting?


Well, it's fair, it's, it's, it's, it's fair or unfair for both of them equally. Good point. If it's equal, it's equal. you know, like, like I don't care. you know, If, you have to make them Cross. th desert before or swim or doing a triathlon. It equal And. They both do It. They have to do it. It's fair. It's not th best condition in terms of performance. But if both guys do It, it's a fair, it's fair. It was 6:00 AM there when they, when they started That main event. But man, I was, I was surprised. He, he, he performed very well. I, I'm friend with Leon Edwards. And man. Oh. He's so Leon He. He is such a nice guy. I, when I went to to England, a few, like a, like a year And a half ago. I. Remember I went, I went out with him.


And, Usain Boat. We had a great time. That That. Wow, man, crazy. He is such a, he is such, such a nice guy. Yeah I. I really like him. He is, he is, he is a great athlete, athlete, but he is got a great, great personality too. And, man, I'm sure he is gonna come back. And. th it'd be interesting to see I think it's, it, it really sets up for a nice surprise. Like You Did, tour I. Don't think a lot of people expected It Yeah. what were th odds on It? Nick Leon was minus 300 Yeah. So I think a lot of people didn't expect It. So I think it adds just Yeah, It adds to th sport, you know? But I was, It makes It exciting. I was very surprised. By Bilal, like, like it's transition th way. 'cause He doesn't fight like That all th time. Sometimes he, he He just is mostly a striker.


Or, or, you know what I mean? I for That fight. It was a great mix, man. He was on point. Like He was on for That fight. It was like really on point. Yeah. It was like Wow. It was Yeah. I thought it was super impressive. It was really cool to watch. It made me just kind of realized, even Yeah I didn't expect That much diversity from him. Is this what he said? Baal wants to be greater th GSP for his legacy. I. He definitely, definitely can. If he, you know, If, you keep working hard. And, you know, all records are made to be broken. you know, And, do You. Look back at th times when You like th era, or it's not really an era. I mean it wasn't long That long ago. But when You, look at th time when You were fighting, right?


Would You rather be fighting in this era? Do You li love th era You, were fighting in Do You. Ever think about it in spaces like That I. Think I was extremely lucky to fight in my era. It could have been better if I would've fought Today. I would've made Maybe more money because of th social media. And all That. But it could have been way worse. If I, look at, like, in th time of Hoz, Gracie, Dan Verne, Mark Coleman, Don Fry, Yeah. These guys were th real guys. Man. what th they, they were fighting two, three time a night. No rules, No weight class. Man. That was insane. Ken Shamrock for me.


I, I, I, I I respect these guys a lot because they, they paved th way for all of us. And. They, they didn't make money, man. It's sad they didn't make money, man. Is there a And? They were tough as hell. Oh. Is there a, like a union or something? That pays for stuff for th pioneers of it. No. There's not Wow. So I think it's a question of time. I mean Yeah. 'cause when You say That mean a question of time. Some, some guys, they, they try to to do it, it, it got closed. But th they're always fighting for power. They want to be in control. Certain Group want to be in control. And, others are th wants to take more power. th I mean We. All want, th same thing. We all want th same thing.


you know, at th end of th day, And And, I think it's like every sport, And, hockey, baseball. It, it's, it's a matter of time things were th same If. you look at other sport, they were th same guys were underpaid. th their condition were not good. They didn't have any assurance. Nothing like That And. you know, over time it got better. Yeah I think it's only a matter of time. th only difference is in, in mixed martial art. U f C as th mono th monopoly. It's a, it's a monopoly. th it's right. There's one show really. Well, they have PBR. Well, Yeah. But it's th most th most th PF L. Yeah. PF L is there. It's growing, which is very good. PF L is good because it's a competition to U f C. But U f C is th most prestigious organization for sure. And And, PF L start to gain a lot of momentum, but, which is good for fighters, because It gives them th ability to negotiate.


But when U have only one organization, That has th all th monopole, th all th control Oh. It's hard for fighters, you know? Understood.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? That's a good question. It's a real question It has in mind. It has, at certain periods in my life, watching porno And, everything And watching porno was making me, it was ruining my life. It was ruining my life, man. It made me feel just so much shame. That's what it did. Well, can, watching pornography has become commonplace Today And, oftentimes men will use porno to numb th pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety, And, depression. That's all I. Want to introduce You to my friend Steven Walt? Steve is th founder of Valor Recovery. He is a dear friend of mine. He is a dear friend of mine, And Valor Recovery is a program to help men overcome porn abuse. And sexual compulsivity. That's right. Their coaches are in long-term recovery And. They will be your partner, mentor And spiritual Guide to transcend problematic behaviors. There is zero commitment, If, you reach out to them. It's just th first step in trying to figure out If. you may need some help. If. you can get some help. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. th links will be on th YouTube. And can. There's No commit when You Commitment, when You reach out to them. But I Promise, You only something positive will come from You reaching out. And figuring out if, if what type of help, if any, could benefit You. Thank You.


A lot of You guys know We started off with OUR. First advertiser ever was Gray Block Pizza. Get That hitter, baby. And th owner of Gray Block Pizza. My friend Thomas evolved his business up in Oregon to start Blue Cube Baths, and he sent me one And. It's absolutely beautiful. A wonderful cold plunge. th best cold plunge in th market. If, you value American made And Pinnacle Cold Exposure. This is your cold plunge. Blue Cube Baths. what I love is You can You can set That temperature. Get it down to I. Mean. It might just, You might be able to ice skate in there. I haven't put it That low, but You can set it to a place where You can feel comfortable. I, I'll get in it around 50 degrees for about 10 or 12 minutes. And. That's what really sets me. And activates me. I've done it before podcasts to really put me in. Just put me in my body. And, put me in th moment. you know, th positive side effects of cold plunging, or, or countless You can follow Blue Cube's Instagram for a chance to win your own cold plunge this spring And summer. That's right. They're giving one away. They will announce the giveaway soon. So follow them at Blue Cube Baths. And We, wish them th best of luck, And. Thank them for supporting th podcast.


So early on, was there ever another fight that's so great. That, You, And. Bisping got to fight That. Must have been Bisping's a fun dude, huh? Yeah. He's crazy. He's crazy, dude. He's such a good villain. It's It insane. Yes. He is because He knows what he's do. It's like he's really kind of, He seems to be a guy that's enjoyed, enjoyed it along th way. Yeah. He's got a, he's got a mouth. That can decimate all, all his opponent, Yeah. That's a lot of fun, right? I was like, man, I'm not gonna get into a trash shock battle with this guy. He's an English man. We speak English perfectly. I'm like, my English suck. I'm like, what am I gonna do with this? I'm just not, also not good at, at, you know, like, insulting, but also knowing That.


That's not your strength. I think was one of your strengths. you know, Yeah, knowing where to, like I. Don't know. You always really had kind of a precision. It seemed like for th choices. You made Did. you You looked at It as a business. I've heard You talk about It before. you know, you looked at it really as a business. Yeah And, especially if it wasn't something That You even enjoyed on th fight nights. Were You able to pull any, like, real joy out of It over th time? Like, or was it all, when, when You finally got done, was It just like Oh? Thank, like It was a release when I got done. But, but, but I I had great moment. A great memory of It, like I, I, It. It was a lot of fun.


When You win, when You win a fight, man, You, look back at it. And, you're thinking, it's like, man, everything is worth it. you know? It was all worth it. But when You lose, man, Oh, God, it's, it's a crazy downfall. It's, that's what makes it so barely lost. So, so hard. It's th th risk. Bigger th risk bigger th reward, right? Were You a perfectionist. Do You think Dan kind of Yeah, Yeah, I, I, I I was crazy. I I was obsessed. Everything I did was always oriented to trying to make me th best fighter. Everything, everything I did. It was, it was th th best fighter, or th best person. Or th best, like, best fighter.


Best fighter, okay? Person. I, I. I. Just, you know, like I was not trying to make, make a be being a character. I was like some guy. They tried to be sort of some sort of a character. you know, Yeah, like some, some good guy tried to be bad guy. You see That very often, or some, you know, some bad guy sort of tried to be nice in front of th camera. But when th camera doesn't roll, they, they, they, they become some douche bag Yeah. You You. See That a lot. And And, when You meet celebrities. But, but I always try to be true to, to myself, And, focus on, on performance. You know, because at th end of th day, I never hate I, never had any personal beef with any of my opponent. Mm. He's not a human being. And, when I, when I look at across th octagon before a fight, I sort of feel like I.


Look to myself in th mirror. 'cause That guy, Maybe did th th similar sacrifice. That I did Wow. So if I disrespect him, it's sort in th in th same, in a way. It's like, I'm disrespecting myself. So, for me, it was just, I was just extremely lucky. Even th guy was talking a lot of trash And stuff. I was lucky to have sort of That moment to Shine, And And, you know, to, to, to That. People were aware, And, I make money with it. And, And, you know, for me, after when it's finished, it's finished. It's not personal. And, there's none of th guy. th guy, That, I thought That. If they would be in trouble, Today I would not hesitate one second to help them Yeah. Like, if I, if I, if they are at my reach, I would not hesitate one second to help any of them.


And. I. This I mean it Yeah. That's fascinating to look at your opponent. Think, what if they made th same sacrifices as I did? th what? what else can I even do? That's a dude. That's such an intense way to look at, at th other side of th per, at th other person across from You. Well, but it, it's not only like th they make th same sacrifice, but Maybe, they didn't have th th same opportunities. That opens to them. Yeah Maybe. They, they were not as lucky as I was. Yeah I. Think th stars need to be aligned. I think some life sometimes opens certain opportunities to You That, If. you wait too much. th door will close. And. It's gone forever. And, Yeah, I. Think it's something that's true. I mean You. Look at th Diaz brothers.


I mean If. you look, you know, Nick took a time off of fighting Yeah for years. Well, they made him quit, though. Didn't they make him Yeah? He got suspended for Marijuana, Oh, And he refused to pay. th fine. And couldn't fight for five years. Exactly. Yeah, that's one of th that's what a waste. He wasn't his prime. I think he could have Maybe be champion. Like, when I retire, I was telling people, I was like, man, if he doesn't, he should push, push on th gas right now. And, go, man. It. That's his time. He should He should do It. Was there a time when, is there been a, like a fighter or something since th You looking You? Like, man, it would've been fun to fight them. Or do You have like, moments like That there, there's a lot of guys. That, I. Wish W We would've fight, you know, And, And, And That would be big fight.


It would've made th story. But, but, you know, like It It takes three Titi to make a fight. It takes one fighter. th other fighter. It takes th th promoter as well. And, very often, th th th promoter didn't reach OUR demands. you know what I mean? And And. It. Everything needs to be aligned, right? For, for th th three th three entities, Yeah, you know, people always talk about You And, Khabib fighting. you know, did That interest You kind of, so it, it was th fight. That I would've come back for at th time, not now. Now time have passed. But, but after I retired, there was one fight. I would've, you know, I would've had to go. I would've been Khabib, And, And.


what was th most what challenge? what excited You about That? th most I mean, obviously, he was undefeated. So, th guy, but he's undefeated. He's got a perfect career. He is th th competitor. th competitor inside of me would I've done, would've take th th fight. you know, Yeah, you know, And, that's one of th fight. I would've, I would've done it. you know, like, like, but, but It needed to be at th right time. And And And. When It was time to do It, U F C didn't want to do It Yeah. So they wait a few years after, when We were both retired, And th train was, was passed. Yeah th moment was gone. And, when they asked, when Dana called me, I said, I thought It was weird.


I was like, are You like, is Khabib wanna fight? Want fight? He said, because he said, No in all interviews, He said, No, No, He is, He is, he's down. He's down. I'm like, okay, let me think about it. I'll get back to You. And. I thought it was weird. So, I called his manager, Ali Deis. And Ali said, Hey man, th timing is not good. It's bullshit. It's not true. And, after I, I, I've said, I've told th media what happened. And. th I went, I don't do 3, 3, 3 people calls When I And, I thought it was hilarious. But because He is right, you know, he is not gonna call a guy. And say, Hey, No. th other guy doesn't want No. That's not business. He's exactly, he's a promoter. He is gonna say, Hey. This guy said this, this, this about You will do.


You want to fight him, and he want to take You, want to use th emotions, of course, to, to make You tune in And. It's like, You, it's like playing your mom against your dad. It's like, Hey dad. Mom said, I can do this. And. th You go to Hey. Mom. Dad said, I can do this. Neither one of 'em said they could. But now you're outside playing. Exactly. It's all That game. It's all a freaking game. And, And. It's a lot a what of pressure. I. Think on Dana probably bet's a lot of pressure, because not only is he th promoter, but he's also You have to answer all th questions. you know, And, and he iss, and he is in a business. He's in control of a business. Yeah. It's not up to him. If someone signed a contract, That suck. He's not gonna say, Hey. You worth more money. You should have, you know what I mean? I Hey. Man. He's a businessman. He's gonna take It, And, take advantage of You.


So, it's, it's not, because what I'm saying is, it's not He of And. th He is a good guy. I, I've met, I've met him. And, when You, Yeah, You, Yeah, you've met him. Of course, met met, met him many times, but I met him while I was competing. So, I, when I was competing, And, Dana called me. I always I. Before I hang up, th phone. I was like, shit. Take a inhale. Try to think of what is th possible thing. That He is gonna ask me, because You need to be quick. When he call You, Yeah, You, don't want to say something. You, don't waste his time. Or You, just say, You, don't, You, don't answer. Or You You. You're like, you're always like, because this is a game. It's a chess game, man, with th fight game. Yeah, everything You say, everything You do is gonna have a, an outcome.


So you're like, okay, what He is gonna say, this is th You. Prepare. If you're ready, You, take th call. If you're not ready, You, let, okay, I'm gonna prepare myself. Lemme take a breather. That. That's how It is. Yeah. Lemme call Mike Brown. Lemme get a somebody to massage me during th during in th off rounds. But, but, but th th th thing, th thing with th is my relation has changed over, over th year, because now it's more friendly. Yeah He calls me. I'm not even gonna hesitate to say, Hey Dana, what's up? Like, whatever. I'm ready for any, any, anything. But when I was fighting, it's normal to have That reaction be like, because he, he's th boss. And, you know, whatever You is gonna ask You, whatever You say, right? It's gonna be th whole world gonna know. So it's, You cannot re retract what You said, right? So, when he calls You, when I was fighting, I was like, shit.


So, like, I, certain instance, I was like, man, I'm not thinking th call right now, or I'm gonna call him back. Think about what it could, like a little strategy. Yeah Yes. Yeah Yeah. Exactly. That's, it's almost like when your boss says, what are You up to this weekend, right? You. what? Now, if your boss, but your boss, they want You to work at four 30 on Saturday, right? And, You do not want to, but If, you tell 'em, That, you're Oh, nothing much. th you're halfway to working, right? Yeah. So, Yeah, it's interesting, when you're th owner, it's also hard to be I bet. At times. It's probably Maybe it not, I'm not putting words in his mouth or anything, but I bet it's tough for him to also be a person. Yeah, you know, And, I, Maybe. It's easier after th fact because running a business is totally different.


th being a human being, sometimes he He, he He takes a lot of eat sometime, and he does a lot of stuff That he needs to do. For th best of of th business of best of th year. U. F C, Ress, And. It's normal. That. He's running a business. And. It's worked out. Because look at th U. F C has created opportunity opportunities for so many guys. We I had a lot of clash with Dana. When I was You, did Oh I didn't, even a I didn't even know That No. No We. We did. We did add a lot of clash clashes when, when I was fighting, because I I attained a certain level of, of power, That, he couldn't control me as much. All th other, some of th guys, he could say, You, do this.


Oh, Yeah Yeah, sir, like me. It's like No. It's not gonna work. Yeah, because I, I, I was, I was making him a lot of profit, right? A lot of, a lot of money. So, when You, you know, there's a lot of things. That, Oh, Yeah, they ask me, And, I, And I said, hell No, I'm not doing. 'cause it's not for th best of my interest, right? So, when, th same thing. When You nega negotiate for a fight. My, my thing was like, if I'm negotiate for a big fight, why am I gonna do all th interviews? All th th promotion. If I don't touch a piece of th pie, right? you know what I mean? So gimme a piece of th pie. So it will encourage me to do more promotion, Yeah, because If, you don't touch any piece of piece of th pie, If, you don't have nothing. Why am I gonna do this? It's gonna, I'm just gonna waste my time while I'm supposed to train And rest.


I'm gonna do inter like, somewhat And, your time has become more valuable because you're th champion. You know, Yeah Yeah, there's I. Think there's a, it's interesting when You get to a certain level, how th negotiations kind of change. you know, it has to, it's really fascinating. You have to be to, to, to look at it. And in That way, And, were You able to get, like, pay-per-view points, And stuff. Back th in your fights. Yeah, Yeah can, I'm very lucky. I Oh. Congratulations, man. Yeah, thank You can. But th th thing is, there's a lot of guys in th business, That in this industry. That are not well managed. you know, they, they, they, they, they don't ask for what they worth. And And. They, they're kind of afraid. Or, or, you know, they don't take right decision. And And. It's not Dana's job to say, Hey I.


Think You should ask for a raise, or it's, it's normal No. It's, he is not gonna do That. He's th boss. He's, he is He. He's on th other side of th So th th fight game. You're fighting for a contract. This should be your manager's fight. You, have someone That. Look for th best of your interest, And. That's one, one. Fight And th fight. th other fight is in th Octa gun Yeah. So, well, it's fascinating. you know, I think That, a lot of That happens with art. When art or talent turns into business, there's this other element. That comes on. you know, And, sometimes You have to trust your instincts. And, sometimes they're right. And, sometimes they're wrong. But that's how You hone your instincts to be sharper too, is By using them. you know, And, And, Yeah, I bet. It's tricky probably for Dana, because I bet there's a lot of guys. That He super cares about And, And.


But He also has to run a business, you know? So I can't imagine. That's got be, it's got be tricky. you know, And, I. Think also You hear th nicest stuff. Like, you'll hear, like all th stuff He does from his employees or places. That, he tries to help out during Covid, He, Did tour. He, he didn't lay off nobody. It's amazing what Oh. He's, he I called him th other day asking him for some help with something. you know, you know, That. So, you know, he's a great guy. I, think he's also a great businessman. A hundred percent. That's s great, probably great person. He is great, great guy. And, And. Fighters like I mean, guys, That are, listen the to us. Now. They get when they're, they're in th middle of a competition. you know, like, like when they're, they're competing. They, they might be, they might not have That relationship with Dana, because they, Dana is on th other side, right?


So it's always like a fight relationship. But once they're gonna retire, they're gonna see a total different person. you know, like Yeah. Same thing with th brother. Like these guy, they all great guys, you know, And, And, And. Every time I meet them, you know, it's Hey. What's up Big Dana, th brother. All these guys. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We're, we're all friend here. E. Everything. We did. th th clashes. That. We had It was because We were fighting for th best of OUR interest. Yeah And, it's normal. It's just business. And I. Think If. you want to be successful. And, And, especially as an athlete in mixed martial arts, You need to build a team. Yeah. You can't do all That By yourself, because You don't. Well, Yeah You don't have all th th th th th th C th credential to do all th jobs.


You need to, to have lawyers. You need to find Oh Yeah a team of people. That. You can trust And people. That have competence. Because sometime people, they hire people who trust, but they turn out to be incompetent. It's bad because it's gonna make You buy. It's gonna make You do like a, how do You say, like, air, air, air bike. you know, they're not gonna, you're gonna be right. You, Yeah, you know, gonna go forward. You're gonna spend extra work, extra effort. Spin. Yeah, And, And, And, If. you have someone who's competent, but someone That You cannot trust Maybe. It's gonna, it's gonna, he is gonna, he is gonna screw, screw You. th right down th road. you know, it's tough, man. Run. It's starting to run a business work with people. It's, it's hard. But th You also, like I mean I.


One thing is like, people criticize Dana And. Th U f C. But No other promotion has been able to sustain itself. And establish itself. And, make it go That. you know, And flourish. So I think it's, it's fascinating. And, I think it is. Pro I. Think he'll be studied one day in th sense, By business. People of I mean I. Can't even imagine. 'cause You have so many guys. That are really putting their lives on th line. Yeah, And, th You. Ha. you know, I, I just can't imagine. It's got be a lot. you know what, what keeps You busy these days? Dude? Do You still get those dinosaur updates? Remember, You, were always Yeah I I love paleontology. Yeah. what is It about it? You Think That You love. I was thinking about this th other day. I, when I was young, I was always fascinated.


By, By, dinosaurs. And. Actually, when I took my, my time off after my fight with my Johnny Hendricks, I spent four years. Like I was always training, but I spent time I went on different sites. No way, Yeah, I, I, You, you know, I I. I'm very lucky, because a lot of th it turns out That, a lot of th big Palon intelligence That I've met. They're a fan of mixed martial art. Really? Yeah. So I was able to have special access on different, different, probably mostly of John Bones Jones, though You would think, you know, I'm just guessing. That's how No it was incredible. I, I, I travel across th world. I went on different sites. But I realize also something as much as I love paleontology.


I realized That I would never been a I would never be able to do this, because I thought, That, if I would not be a fighter, I would've Maybe be a paleontologist. And, No. That's not true. I would not never be able to be a, on a big site for hours. Like z like No. Meticulous. It. It ain't me. No, I can't I love to acquire th knowledge. Yeah. But I would not have th patience to, to go out there. I, I saw some incredible sites. I. I went. And, man. I went in a, in a, in a place, in an area in, in Argentina, in Patagonia. It was in th morning, th sun rises. And, I could see, I'm not kidding, You, like thousands of dinosaurs, eggs, shelt. th they were eggs. Shelt of tight dinosaurs.


th long neck dinosaurs. Oh Yeah. Man. It was insane. And You had to watch to not step on it. Like fossilize eggs, shells, some of them were broken. So That means, th th animal was about to, to, to get out. It was insane. like I I saw some of th craziest site. And That was a dig That. They were doing Yeah Yeah, like an actual site. Yeah. They were, they were digging, they were excavating like eggs. Shell I saw an like, I. I went on a place. And I. Think it was in, in De Dakota. It was, it was with a pro professor. P I. Think it was Professor Pearson. It was a, they, they don't know what it was, but they found th a sort of a graveyard of triceratops in, in South, Dakota I. Think it was South Dakota or Wyoming Yeah Try Tricops.


It was from th cta. Late Cretaceous And You could see That. th some of th leg bone of triceratops That were sliced because of Tyra And sore. Rex Oh Yeah. So they found T tyrannosaurus Rex teeth there. It was just insane. So, You were a promoter. Really? Yeah, when It goes back to th th to th Paleontological ages, dude. You, were a damn promoter, bro. You'd have put some of those things in th ring, bro. I. Think, Oh man. Maybe. One day we'll be able to I think they wanted th resurrect. th th mammoth. Now, I, think to put it back inside. Bring That bitch. Bad dude. Yeah. th they didn't they say they can recreate a willy mammoth? Did I read That somewhere? I think they're gonna use Asian elephant to And. Just do a wig or whatever.


Put a mammoth inside And Yeah, try to recreate It Yeah. Put it And. Put, put, put It in Siberia. Well, what weight class is That gonna be there? There's different species of mammoth. There's willy mammoth master. th th Colombian mammot. So, It depend, which, which pieces they wanna Yeah. I think it's th woolly mammo. They wanna bring back. Let me see, a biotech company, That hopes to resurrect extinct species said Wednesday. That It has reached an important milestone, th creations of a long sought kind of stem cell for th closest living relative of th woolly mammoth And. Now, th company says, scientists have for th first time created induced pluripotent stem cells for th mammoth's, closest living relative Asian elephants Oh.


Damn. It says, scientists can now use, try to use cloning techniques, And gene editing to manipulate, manipulate th cells in hopes of someday creating elephants with key traits of mammoths Wow. So, kind of like a, a bit of a remix kind of Yeah, such as their heavy coats, And, their layers of fat That enable them to survive in cold climates. Dude, that's what th zoo needs. 'cause honestly, dude, Yeah th zoo, some of th animals are fucking, not even in America, some of th animals, they're smoking Yeah. They don't even care. you know, they're not even, it's, it's sad when You You don't see them in their na, natural environment. Yeah, in a way, they do it, of course, because it's not accessible to everyone. For example, If. you want to see a lion You go to Africa.


It costs a lot of money. But to see, you know, you know, I I've been in before, And, I, like to see animals in their natural environment. you know, it's, do You think You could take any, take any of animals? Are there any animals, You, think You could take? Man, we're so weak, man. And, nature. It's crazy. Apparently they say, That, even a chimp would, would kill You. Yeah. That's what they say. can just pull your fucking balls off. Yeah pulls your ball. Break, break your fingers. And, And, And. Rip your face. you know, That, when they go on crime scenes where chimps turns, turns against th human, that's what happened. It's crazy, man. I would hate That, because You cannot reproduce. You cannot climb away. And, they take away your identity.


I went fucking savage. Rwanda I had th chance to do a gorilla. Trekking, And. You. See them like, I'm seeing You. So Uhuh this close. Yeah, Yeah, That close. So when You go there, it's like in Rwanda, Yeah in Rwanda, in Africa, And. It's in East Africa. And, You, You. Take a You, take a car. It's about two hours away from Kigali, which is I. Think th th capital. You. Go there. And. They give You a course. They tell You, don't eat, don't, don't course. If th gorilla, look at You, don't look th eyes If you. If it comes towards You, don't run away. Just get out of th way. And, put your knee on th floor in as soon as save, pause. Don't talk loud. Don't ever touch. th th female And. th You th th th kid And.


When I went there, it was amazing. I Oh, Yeah. Is this it? Nick Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God, bro. Yeah. That's okay. So, this guy, let me tell You about this one. And, why Did? you dress for a funeral too. No. But, but listen to, like, guys, guys, this is very interesting. So You, see what happened. Okay? So, during one instant, during my, my, my adventure there, I was with I, was with th I was with, with different people. That were older. th me, And, I don't know what happened At one point, th Gorilla, because what happened is You hang out with th th kids And. th th female And, you know, th young And, once, once every 20 or 15 minute, th th big silver back comes and he make a noise.


And, th th th guy That is with You. Every day, he sees th same th same family. So he's used to see th same guide, right? But th th tourists change. So, th th guide always answer back to Tell Hey, we're here. So he comes, And. Sometime he look around to see every, everything is okay. And th he goes back in th r S every 10 minute, approximately. But one, once He came, and he look at me, Did, you have your belt with You. Now, No, No, man, man, he look at me, And, when He look at me, I, look, I, look at him just very fast. and he start walking towards me like he was pissed. Man. I got out of th way. And I, put my knees down. And, I'm not a religious guy at all, but I became religious at That end.


So I was like, please, please, please, please, And. Th I opened my eyes. He's not in front of me. I, look behind I. See his back. He He put his backs against me. He explained to me, th th reason why th girl really turned his back to me is because he wanted to show me how much I'm not of a threat for him. Wow to show You, like he turned his back, and he look underneath his arm. So, when I look back, I was like, man, I saw his back. It was just a threat, a test, right? I was like, man, he would've Oh, even with all my years A training, he would've ripped me apart, man. Did, you feel like You stood any chance? Like You, even You. Think You could have got it to two rounds or No. Well, I I read a document. Apparently it's a report in I.


Think it's in Uganda. I read. There's a military guy That a gorilla grab, and he, he pull He, rip his head off like this, like it straight up from an horror movie, he grab him, and he, it's That strong. So there's nothing You can do, man. But what would You have done? You Think I I. Think I would've tried to play That. There's nothing You can do. If He wants to, to kill You, th th th guy don't play alive. th guy, th guy, th guy. That has two guy with him, with th AK 47 Oh. So they help No No. But You, you know, He, he told me it's not because of th gorilla. It's in case We We. See an elephant or a Cape Buffalo? Apparently there is, it's so dense. I don't understand That. Apparently, sometime We You could run, run right in Buffalo to a Cape Buffalo And.


They, they're extremely territorial. Was That scarier th being in th cage? Well, It, it happens so fast. It's very different because it It happens so fast. That I, You don't have time to prepare. So You, just go with th flow. So, I didn't even have time to be scared. That much. I was just, I was trying. I was like, man, please, please, please. th I look, shit is in th back. And. I. See his back. And. th I could see th muscle through th fur. th I was like, man, it's so massive. It's insane. Keith Peterson's just standing there. That would be crazy, man. It was That one of th most incredible adventure of my life. I recommend it to everyone. And th money That, You pay for That That adventure is given to th th gorilla And.


Now, th gorilla in, in Rwanda, in That part of th world are, are flourishing. Can Oh. That's beautiful. So it's, it's a beautiful thing. Yeah. It is awesome to take care of OUR planet. And to give back to It, you know, 'cause it's funny 'cause somebody probably saw a gorilla one day. And even thought about getting in shape for th first time. you know what I'm saying? You just don't know what We learned from animals. you know what, what keeps You busy these days? Man, what I'm in, I'm involved with I, have a home fitness equipment brand called Base Block Pro. It's Oh, really all kinds of apparel. That, You can use And train at home. Mostly is It, Canada or us as well. Kinesthetics, although we're all around th world, I need to get something for home. Yeah. It's like You can You, You can put some, some of them are, are outdoor friendly.


So You can put It in your backyard. Some I recommend. It's more for backyard to put outside And. Some are more for inside for home. And. Yeah, it's s great I. I don't live I never lift weight really much. And it. And. I'm a big fan of kinesthetics. you know, I, I, I used to, when I was younger to lift weight, but I realized, That, it's more efficient to train kinesthetics, especially when You And. Kinesthetics is what? Yeah gymnastics your own body weight. Yes. Exactly. Okay, so You, You have less risk of injuries. And, I think it's more efficient in, in base blocks. Yes, Oh, sweet man. Yeah, ve got, get something else from my home. I'm just getting a treadmill. So ve got have something else for when I can't go down to th gym.


I'll send You some. I'll, I'll tell my guy. I'll hook You. I'll hook You. That'd be awesome to have one name. Yeah. Tell me which one. You. like I. I. Recommend You. th Big Bar Pro. This one. You. Put If. you have a backyard. Put it in your backyard. It's, it's outdoor friendly. Oh, sweet And, If. you want, like for your legs? This one is very good. You You is for Sring. Oh. I. Don't care about th legs, homie. I mean I'm up top. Only dude No, I'll, I'll send You some stuff. I'll tell th tell th guy to send You some. So you'll be more th happy. Are there some vitals right now? That. You love to watch That. You kind of cheer on. Do You find yourself being a fan of MMA? Still? I mean Oh, Yeah, I mean, you know, it's obviously been such a huge part of your life. I. Don't know if it's something You just kind of close, or if it's something that's always in You. Kind of one thing. That has changed And. Now, there's so many fights. There's almost every weekend. So I I can watch it all.


I can't watch all th shows, but, but, but I I, I love to watch some of th guys, That, I. I can learn from I. Like to watch Tom Aspenal. Oh Yeah. He's fun. th th th th fight. th th fight of, of Las weekend. th Blade. Yeah Moham almo Ahed th Leon Edwards. I Watch It. I, like Ka uzman deia ovs ache. I like to, to watch th Best so I can learn from them. Is it weird to look at them And, be like, That was me. Like, 'cause I think even as a comedian, I'll watch comedy. Sometimes And, I'll be like, It doesn't seem like, like, you know, it's different person, but it doesn't even seem like that's my job. What, what does That ever happen to You? Do You ever have like, like this Clark Kent feeling when you're walking down th street? That, you're also Superman.


I mean No. I, I. Think what made me good is because I possess certain set of skills. That made me unique. But some of th guys, That are competing now. They have their own set of skills. Yeah, And, And, I. Think I can learn from them. you know, By watching them. I'm learning from them. And, you know, of course it may Maybe, they can learn from me. Or, or, so it's impossible to be completely a hundred percent. Well-rounded You always have certain things That You do better. th th th others And. That's why I like th sports so much. Some guys are better at, for example, at, at Grapplings, one guy is, is strength. Might be is Grand And pound one guy might be his submission skills.


One guy might be his, you know, like Ra, he's got an incredible left hook. Unbelievable. We all know he is got a left hook, but nobody, they all know th left hook is coming, but they don't know how to stop it. Yeah, it's crazy. And Left Hook is one of th most fundamental punch. That You learn in day one. And It works. It's one of th most basic weapon, but he does It so well. He hides it. He hides It so well. And th way He does It, even though it's so basic, nobody can stop It. Mm. It's crazy. That's in it. That's fascinating almost, isn't it? How something simple can be And so obvious in a way, can be so surprising.


You use different diversion, different distraction to, to get it on. It's, it's crazy. And. That's what I like about th sport. It's like a chess game. You know? Yeah Oh, it's fascinating too. I think, as you know, I've been a fan now, like a big fan for probably Maybe almost six or seven years now. And You. Get to know th fighters more a little bit too, on a personal, you know, like, because there's so much social media, You, get to know more about them. And kind of cheer from in different ways, And stuff. But there's all types of guys who are outspoken. There's guys who are kind of reserved. There's guys who are playing Cat And, mouse And. There's guys who are just about getting in th ring. Have You. Do You have You gotten into anything else? Competitive?


Is there something else? That You do. I I used to, when I was young, I used to play chess. Did, you really Yeah I growing up. I was more of and more of a nerd, you know, at school, And, I was I. I was victim of bullying at school. So that's why I f I start martial art. I started karate at a young age as a self-defense. Yeah, Yeah, th later on, it developed into a passion, passion transforming into a way I make a living. You should pull up on those guys right now. But, but, awesome dude. But I used to I. Remember, in order to, to miss school, I was, I was, I was enrolling into chess, chess tournaments because I was, I was representing my school. And. th Once You win th school, You go to re How do You say re like, th th regional th re regional Yeah.


And th once You I, go to regional You, go to Montreal, where it's th provincial And I Never I never made It past That. Oh, I I want th school. I won th regional. But when I went to Montreal, I, I never even won a a match in, in th th provincial, because these guy That, they, they, that's what they do. You know, that's their, you know me. I was just doing That for fun. And I was a kid back. th So it was fun. Yeah. Well, You found other ways to win, man. Oh, Yeah, th Olympics are going on. Oh. That's a Yeah. th th Olympic man. It's crazy. th this big, like, people, like, now they talk about, th th what happened in th th th controversy. th th with th woman And. Fighter You mean Yeah No.


They, they talk about th th th th ceremony. th opening ceremony. Oh Yeah. They thought it was anti-Catholic Yes, like I I I I I was in Miami. When That happened, And I saw on th news. I was, I was like, man, I'm gonna try to watch it. But now they took out, they took it out of YouTube. So You can't, I I. Don't think You can see it anymore. That's crazy. So, I, I kind, I tried to I tried to, to find a way, but I just saw some part of it. And, I speak French. I was like, God. I was like, Oh, Yeah. I mean, it's weird. I try to not be politic, but there are certain things, That, man. It's like, is there a dark That? Keep it at home. you know, like, don't have to, to show th will. you know, I don't care who You sleep with. what You do I mean? I. I. Like You as a person.


If, you know what I mean? Yeah, this seems a little crazy for th Olympics. I think Yeah Yeah. It changes. That. That. That's one thing That changed over th year. Like, We didn't have That before. you know, what is, this is kind of, it seems crazy. Like Maybe th world is so crazy. That, I don't even know th world anymore. That's what I start to wonder, too. Sometimes. Yeah, Yeah. But Yeah, this stuff seems like, what are We do? what sport is this? Yeah? It's, that's what I don't know. It's just what sport is it? But Yeah, I mean I probably, you know, I don't know. It's a different time. I mean I. Don't know what to make of it. I mean it, it's dark forces at play. It feels like sometimes I, I, I, I am not really, you're like going down th conspiracy rabbit hole, though. It's fun. And And. Also, th crazy part about th conspiracies is remember, during like pandemic, like they said all these things, Yeah, And, And.


They, half of 'em were true. Yeah. And It was like, well, fucking I. I I was very angry about what was going on in, in, in Canada. I didn't like th way It was. It was run during th pandemic. I was very pissed off. I I didn't like it. I I, I I think it was an attack on OUR freedom. We had curfew. And this, And this. I'm not afraid. Some people like Oh You shouldn't become a political. This this is not right. This, this, this is about I. Think it's about freedom. I I was, I was not happy about what th decision That were made. I think it was an attack on th freedom. And. And, I. Think everybody should have had th th decision of choosing th right to make th decision.


If do I want to be vaccinated or not And? But if you're not vaccinated, you're not allowed to do this. Do this. Like, man, unbelievable. You. Have your life. This, this was wrong. I, I, I. Don't agree with That decision. Yeah. It feels like It started to feel like privatized communism to me, in a way. It's like, you know, they, it's like th debate of th government, but really it's like private entities doing It, Yeah, And, I. Wish I'd Spokane up more I. Think there were times for me, you know, I just felt like kind of scared. Or I didn't feel brave, or I didn't know some things. They would've canceled You. But that's crazy. Yeah, they could have canceled You. Yeah. That's, that's th thing. That's th that's th thing about It. It's I mean. It depends. In Nashville, I don't know Nashville, Tennessee, right? Yeah, Yeah. They can't, I don't, they can't really can't see That much there. Yeah. But in Canada, That was like, Oh Yeah.


It's different. Like, people, people don't understand. But it was different. We had a curfew. We, it was crazy. Like, man, I couldn't get out of th country's I. I had business to do. you know, my business is international. I had to travel. So I had No choice. I I did it. But I think, It I think it I was not agree with th decision. Yeah And. It is my right to say so, right? And I. But if I would've said it at th time, Maybe, they would've have like, put down my Instagram, put down all my, my stuff. you know? That's, what's it? It's It Really? That feels like big tech is kind of th government now, you know? But man, it's just an honor to sit down with such a, a champion these days. And just get to have a chance to spend time with You.


Georges. And do You. you know, they have th thing in th Olympics right now. They have a boxer who, they, who has like, Oh Yeah. It's a female boxer. Yeah, right? Yeah And. But she, she was born a female. And is a female Yeah. Lemme say her name. Iman Klif. Yeah a Algeria from Algeria. Klif. And And. She's crushing It And. She hasn't won all of her fights. And. But there's, people like's spin know huge uproar online because I guess she had higher testosterone levels. And, And. She wasn't allowed to compete in th world Boxing Championships. Do You think at some point, 'cause this just appears to be something That kind of happens more where there's some gray area in between gender, right?


Yeah. Do You think they should just have a, a, a new division? Well, well, what, what? This I don't know enough information about That particular situation to give an opinion on it, because can I might Yeah You totally. But one thing I can tell You, when a, a man is born, when, when you're born as a man, And th You change your sex. And there, th after You, go compete as a woman. This I think is disgusting. Yeah, this, I'm not afraid to say it. And, stand up for for That, because I love women. And, I, And, I. Think I, I. They need to be protected, especially in combat sport. Yeah, this can not agree with this. Yeah, I agree.


I want everybody to have equal to be, to have th equal, right? But when You have a someone who's born as a man who changes sex as a woman, And th compete. It's not true. I think it should have his own his own category, right? That would be fair, because otherwise it's unfair. I agree. We're different. like I mean why, okay, can tell I, I can. I'm gonna change my sex. And, go compete in th U. F C, And Make a comeback in th woman division. what do You think can happen? you know, crazy I don't know. you know what I mean? It's, it's not fair. you know, Maybe, some of them will kick my ass, but I think I will do pretty well. you know, Yeah, You might, Yeah not fair. Ade might give You a run. There's a couple ladies out there. That would give You a run. Yeah. But I agree. They And they should solve It, I. Think it's not fair. Also, if people are dealing with this, their own sexual identity, And, they don't know create a new division.


So That, they can be there. And be th pioneers of a new division. you know, it's like th That way. It's like they're getting to be a part of something new. They're getting a fight against like-minded people. I don't know, but I agree with You. I agree. They, they should have th their own division. I I. Think if you're born in, in a different gender, because, man, it's really not fair. Yeah, if people have No idea, th difference. But man, it's, it's huge difference. I mean, it's, it's a huge difference. Oh God, it's, it's, we've seen in, in, in tennis, you know, like I. Think it, is it I? Think it's Serena Williams. She played tennis against Oh. Yeah. She got know, defeated. you know, And, th th it as It was done in boxing too, with a few times.


I with th th fe, she's a Dutch champion in kickboxing. She, she fought th man in boxing. And, you know, And, this, these, like in tennis is different because it's a game. Basketball, it's a game. But when it's combat sport, I think it, We should, it's unbelievable. We should protect, protect, protect. OUR females. th woman. th woman. Yeah And. th men should speak up for That. you know, Yeah th men should speak up for That. you know, That th problem. Sometimes when You speak up to That, You get point. By th finger And. th ah, this is unfair. But that's th media that's fucking, they're sick, Yeah. But here is, there's a fight in BJ J actually in, is it, th a Craig Jones invitational. He's doing his tournament th same weekend as a D C.


C And, th main event is gonna be him versus Gabby Garcia Oh. So now this, though, they're both agreeing That, they want to do it. A a, I'm sorry for my ignorance is Gabby g Garcia is, is a female. She, she's born, she's a female female. Like, she's, is not like she's Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. But Lots of help. Yeah, Yeah, And, of course, a lot of enhancement. Okay, Wow. But is he, is it like a, like a novelty fight, sort of, or, or, and more, more like a, He's competing against th a d C. C. So He is doing this to get all th eyeballs on it. He's doing it th same weekend. It's interesting, Yeah, because Greg Jones is one of th best grappler of th planet.


Yeah, for sure. I mean I wanted, so he's probably gonna I mean I. Don't know I I don't know enough about Gabby. So, Yeah, I, I I, I I heard about That event. That, it was like a million dollar event. And And in th same time as th Abu Dhabi event, but I, don't know all th all th detail on it. Wow. Oh, my god. Okay, That, that's her. That is her, my gosh, boy, I am She's bigger. th him, right? Right. ve got get to th gym, Oh. But Craig Jones is one of th best Yeah. One of th best, actually, it should be interesting. can, can, what about Justin in Juujitsu?


can women compete as well in there? If there's not striking? Well, they can compete women against women, but against men. It's still, well, look, th strength, th strength is different. And, And, there's a lot of factor to I mean. I'm not a, a specialist in That, but th th bone density, th th there's a lot of factors. I mean, th there's things I. First. I think women are better. th men, they can give birth And. There's We. Couldn't Oh We. We couldn't enter That. Like, women are better. th men, you know, Yeah, dude. th this is what I believe. But th Oh Yeah, there's one thing. That We We have better th what We have. Normally we're more physically stronger Yeah, and we have certain advantage And.


That's why there's different ies. There's, there's man And, a woman And. That's why, you know, And to make it fair. But It jujitsu is th same thing, of course, If, you take a, a woman for example, who's, who has a lot of experience made make her fight a man who does not have any experience. Th woman can kick his ass. His ass. Yeah, 100%. But If, you go to th elite level, It will be, it will be pretty unlikely. Yeah Yeah. It'd be interesting though. Yeah, now That kind of stuff. I think is a little bit more, you know, it's like we're both agreeing to do this thing, you know, rush, man, thanks so much, dude. Thank You, man. So cool. Thank You for having me, man.


I can I, can happy be You Yeah. It's really awesome. And just, just really cool to be in th presence of somebody that's achieved such greatness in their life. That got in, And, got out. And Yeah. Do You have any other big goals in your life right now? Do You feel like, well, I I, do You feel pretty content, or does That evolve? Does That does, does a person that's a perfectionist kind of, of, I'm kind of a perfectionist too. I. Think Yeah. Do You ever get content? Do You feel like I? Never. I'm never satisfied. Now I'm more of an entrepreneur now. And. And. That's my goal. I I can, I'm very lucky. I was able to transfer. That That, hunger. That I had And And, mixed martial art. I wanted to be th best. Be th champion.


know I, transfer it into, you know, into a business, you know, And or into my person. I wanted to be a better person. And, you know, I'm happy, you know, like, if things go well for me, I have enough to live for th rest of my life. And I. If I don't go crazy, And th You, you know what I mean? can try to be happy. I think th ultimate goal, right? For everyone is to be happy. Oh, for sure. And. There's different ways That You can use to attain That, That, That feeling, but is to be happy. You know, And, I'm right now, I'm very happy. I'm healthy. I'm happy. And. Are your parents pretty proud of You Yeah? They're very happy. My parent, And in th beginning, they didn't want me to fight. They And I, understand them I.


It's, it's not something That, You want No, That, You. It's not a life. That, You wish for someone You love. you know what? I like, No. Most kids You. Tell 'em not to fight, man. I'm can, I'm gonna tell You something. That happen to me all th time there. As parent That comes to me with their kids. And. They're like, Hey, Georges. This is th future world champion. And. I. can th I go, Oh, Hi, I. How old are You? He is like, I. He is 12 years old. Oh, Yeah, You, You trained martial arts. He like, Yes can. It's good. But remember something, stay at school, man. And, You need to be educated. That's your number one priority. And th problem That a lot of athlete And, And, And. Not only in, in MMA, in, in everything, you know, Canada, We have a lot of That example in hockey, but it could be basketball, football, a lot of athlete, they put their eggs all in th same basket.


Oh, Yeah. So they all want, they all dream to be a professional athlete, but something happened. They get hit By a car boom. Or they get an injury. Like they, they break their a C L or their knees or something happen. Now th career is, is gone. They're never gonna come back. th same And. what happen if, if That incident happen when you're like in your late twenties? There's nothing That You can fall back into If. you know what have at That Point, Yeah school at? There's nothing. So, it's an ance. I, quit I quit school when I was fighting Matt Hughes before my fight with Matt Hughes. So I was my parent, forced me to stay at school, to stay kid. And It was one of th best thing. They, they did, because You quit college.


th Oh I I wanted to quit everything. I, I, I, I. But I was studying in, in kinesiology, okay, And And. But I didn't like what I was doing at th time. I didn't know I was changing all th time. I one time, I tried to be a fireman. I I had many jobs One time, I was, I was working in nightclubs as a security And, I I I to pay my university fee. I was a garbage man for seven months. Really? Yeah I collect th garbage, man. That's what I did. And well meant, see, And And, I I. I did it. And And. But I I I was always forced. My parent always forced me to stay educated. And. When I, when I tell th kids, I say, man train, you know, but I wish, You th best.


But th HUDs of success are very low. Yeah. you know, And, even you're so talented. And You work really hard. That does not mean you're gonna make it 'cause That chance. OUR success are solo. Make sure You stay educated. And. If something goes wrong, And, You cannot achieve it. At least You have something to fall back into. Yeah, And, Maybe, you're gonna change your mind. you know what I mean? You're not th same person at 15. That. You will be at, at at 20, And at 25, things changes. Yeah I, I didn't know what I wanted to, what I wanted to become when I was young. And, I'm sure th same for You. Like Oh. Yeah, like I. I wanted to be a, a, a poli a, a cops. At one point, th I wanted to be a fireman. th I'm like, Oh.


I wanted to do a therapist. th a a a paleontologist. th I'm like, ah, I'm gonna be a fighter. you know what I mean? That's s great, but th Fighter was always in my mind since th beginning. But I, I I needed to have a backup plan. I didn't know what, what, what to do. I I, I I realized when I had my first title shot, That It was an opportunity of a lifetime. And. That's when I had a talk with my parent. I told my parent, I said, listen, I'm gonna quit th next session because I'm gonna train full time, because I have a title shot. If That doesn't work, I can always go back next season to school. But th title shot might never come present. th chance would for th title might not ever present itself can.


So, I'm gonna take a chance. And, I'm gonna go full out. And I went full out. I lost my first title shot, but I rebound immediately. And th I end up winning th title And. That's how everything started for, for, for me. In th in th U f C. Did they come to your fights, to your folks? I'm sorry. Did they come to your fights? They, they came to my fight, my, my parent when it was local, but when I, my mom came to my fight when I fought for th title in Sacramento when I won th title. But my dad doesn't like to fly. He's afraid of airplane. It's crazy. He's afraid of airplanes. You're afraid of nothing, which is kind of ironic. Well, No No, I'm afraid of a lot of things, but I'm willing to, to do it. That's th difference.


Willing to commit. Thank You so much. Georges Stier I. Appreciate your time. And Yeah, just helping us learn more about fighting and more about th mentality of, of being a champion. And And. th ups, And downs of it, you know, That, not everything's perfect, but, but That We keep moving forward. And challenging ourselves. I, appreciate it so much, man. Alright, man. Thank You, man. Thank You for th th parts I. Appreciate it. Cheers, brother. Now Can just on th feel, can like I, when I reach That I, I can Bones.