
I have some new tour Dates I wanna tell you about. We will be in Lafayette, Louisiana, Thanksgiving weekend on November 29 at the Cajun Dome baby down there in Poirier country. And we will also be in Belmont, Texas on November 30 at Doggett Ford Park Arena. Get your tickets early, starting Tuesday, August 13th at 10:00 AM Local time with presale code Rat King General on sale begins Wednesday, August 14th at 10:00 AM Local time. We will also be in Las, Vegas, Nevada at the L-S-U-U-S-C, opening weekend of football.


August 30th and 31st Bend, Oregon. Spokane, Washington. Portland, Oregon. Vancouver, BC In the Canada, Oklahoma, City, Oklahoma, north Little Rock. Springfield. Missouri. Kansas. City Missouri. Sioux Falls. South Dakota, LA Cross, Wisconsin green, Bay, Wisconsin, and Moline Illinois. You can get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TN. Theo, thank you so much for supporting live comedy and our show. Today's episode was filmed at the Venetian Soda and Cocktail Lounge in Burlington, Vermont, and we want to thank them for hosting us and allowing us in their beautiful space.


And our guest, he's a United States Senator from Vermont. He's an independent, though he is been friendly with the Democratic Party over the years. He's been a congressman, a Senator, a presidential candidate, and he's one of the biggest lightning rods in American politics. At the very end of the interview, we did experience some difficulties with our microphones, so we apologize for the change in sound there. We're grateful to welcome today's guest, Senator Bernie. Sanders Shine.


I sit and tell you And I. So do you, you travel the country doing these Things? Yeah, mostly. I traveled doing a standup comedy, but about six years ago I started doing podcasting just in my kitchen at home. And mostly was just talking about like, I've been in recovery for years. So mostly just talking about that kind of stuff. And like alcohol or, yeah, alcohol and drugs and intimacy disorders.


So a lot of that kind of stuff. And then, then we started having guests after about two years and went on Joe Rogan a few times and that helped boost the steam, you know? And yeah, it's been surprising since then. you know? Congratulations. Thanks. It's made me grow up some, which is a blessing and a curse, you know? But yeah, And I just went to the Grateful Dead the other day with my brother, so pretty cool. You ever see the Grateful Dead? No. You remember what was the first concert you ever went to? A name you probably wouldn't know. You ever hear of Pete Seeger? I've heard of Bob Seger.


Yeah. I think that this the, I was kind of into folk music war that Billy Strings. Have you ever heard of him? Yep. Yeah, He's awesome. He's one of my favorites. Pete Seger. That's him right there. That's God, that was fast. Yeah, Pete, he's an interesting guy. He, and there's another guy who died long time ago. I dunno if you know his name. Woody Guthrie. Is that name Woody Guthrie? I've heard of him, yeah. Yeah. And actually his granddaughter helped me out during my campaigns. He was, he wrote a lot during the Great Depression, so he went around the hobo camps, talked to poor people, you know. Oh, wow. And he wrote songs. Have you heard the song?


This Land is Your Landis? That's his song. Oh Wow. I didn't even just, I thought they just, I didn't even think somebody wrote that. No, He is. He was a great songwriter and a great singer. Hmm. Woody Guthrie. Woody Guthrie. I'm gonna have to tap into some of his stuff. Yeah, my brother And I went. You have a brother? You have a brother? I have an older brother, yeah. Yeah. You guys ever go, go to a concert together? Nope. I don't think we He is. He lives in Oxford, England. Yeah, it's fancy over there. It is. Well there, but there's, yeah. Have you ever been to England? Yeah. And they have this old university called Oxford University, which is one of the great universities in the world. Yeah. He got, I stayed in a house. God like it was 1400 to 1300.


Who the hell knows. I mean, really? Yeah, it goes way, way back. Oh yeah. The plum. Yeah. You gotta bring your own plum, I'm sure. Well, they've advanced a little bit, but Bernie Sanders, thank you so much for joining us today. Great to be With you, Theo. I really appreciate it. Whenever you started in politics, I'm sure that there was like a real idea of like a one person can really affect change. Right? Do you think that that's still possible today with like a lot of the lobbies and stuff that they have that goes on? Well, I think, you know, one of the points I think everybody knows is you have a government dominated by big money interest. Right? That's no great secret. So you have these billionaires now in their super pacs.


If you're a billionaire, you can contribute hundreds of millions of dollars to elect people to feed people. If you're a large corporation or you represent the pharmaceutical industry, you know how many, how many lobbyists there are in Washington DC representing the big drug companies. Take a wild and crazy guess. 2000. You got It. That's a pretty good guess about 1800. Wow. So there are a hundred members of the Senate and 435 members of the house. Got it. 535. And you got 1800 lobbyists. Well paid former leaders of the Democratic Party, leaders of the Republic money, they there to say, Hey, Congress, do everything you can to make sure we make as much money as possible.


And who gives a damn whether people can afford the prescription drugs they need. So that's power. So you have a whole other drug government almost going on. Yeah, absolutely. That's even bigger than our own government. Numbers Wise. I, well, not big, that's, well, we could define what we mean by bigger, but that's Fair. But if you look at Wall Street, the power of Wall Street, the drug companies, the insurance companies, the fossil fuel industry, you have enormous wealth, enormous power. And if your question is, is a government that tells them what to do or they tell what the government to do more, the latter. They tell the government what to do. Very powerful. Does it feel like that's changed over your time? like I in, in politics or has it always been that way?


I think it to some degree. you know, money talks, right? Yeah. No, great secret. That's always been the case. It's worse Now, And, I'll tell you why. As a result of this Citizens United Supreme Court decision, you familiar with that? The people brought action billionaires really brought action. They said, Hey, it's undemocratic. You're taking away my freedom of speech. Right? I got a First Amendment right, we're on TV now. First you could say whatever you wanna say. And I'm a billionaire. And. I wanna spend unlimited sums of money to defeat this candidate or support this candidate. And you have laws on the books that which restrict my freedom to buy the election. You understand what I'm saying? A hundred Percent. Okay. And Supreme Court said, well guys, you are right.


You're billionaires. You should be able to spend as much money as you want to buy elections. And that's what you have. So right now, this is literally the truth. You have super pacs where billionaires can put unlimited amounts of money, hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars to defeat people they don't like. Or to support people they do. Like that's power. And that is a corruption of what democracy is supposed to be. Look, you And, I can disagree on an issue, right? 10 people. We argue it out, we vote. I get the majority. You get the majority. Somebody wins, somebody loses. I don't think billionaires should be able to buy elections. And. I think most people think that. Most people are like, why are corporations or companies allowed to like give money to candidates and influence elections?


Right? Almost every person I know says that that should be right. No. Whose responsibility is it to make sure it doesn't happen? Is it ours or is it our, is it the politicians? Well, what happened is there were laws put in place, not as strong as I would like, which li did limit the power of big money. Yeah. Okay. And, what that Supreme Court decision said is what Congress that was unconstitutional denied big money. Their freedom of speech. If you're a billionaire, you have freedom of speech. That means you can run ads all over the day and and to, you know, beat Bernie Sanders beat anybody. And that's what happened. So what we have got to do now is once again pass legislation that will will do that.


Are there politicians that aren't viable, kind of, or aren't influenced by lobbyists? Of course there are. There are. Yes, There Are. Yeah. There's some very good people. But many people look, just throw around an example. You're running for election. Okay? Your opponent is spending millions of dollars. These TV ads are up there. All right. Do you think you're gonna spend a stand up to powerful special interest who say, you know, Theo, listen I like you, but you, you're gonna take that position on that issue. I gotta be running millions of dollars of ads against you. What do you think you're gonna do? If you wanna get elected? You could say, well go to hell. I'm gonna do it anyhow. And many do. Or you run the risk of, you know, seeing that kind of money come against you, Or you then have to find a lobbyist said it has an interest of yours and you have to try and fight back.


Right. Which Is a pretty pathetic thing. Right? Right. So to some degree, which I have right now, it's a funny kind of thing. It's, let's say you were running against me. It's not you against me. It's your moneyed interest versus my moneyed interest. That's what super pacs are. Yeah. Now corporations cannot directly contribute to your campaign, but they big money interest billionaires can contribute to a super pac. So you have all these, if what I would say to you, people watch the show here, look at the ads that are on television. They'll be underneath it, you'll see paid for by supporters of an American way of life or whatever the hell it is. Understand that in most cases, these are billionaires putting money into a candidate. So the super PAC is kind of the loophole.


Yep. Is how they do it. So it's not directly from them. Exactly. There are limits. Alright. You wanted to contribute to my campaign. They're pretty stringent limits. You can't contribute. I think it's, I dunno, it's 5,000 bucks through a super pac, you can contribute a hundred million dollars. Wow. That's a big issue. We don't talk about it enough. And then you can understand that if you are an ordinary person who's gonna listen to your interests, your needs, right. When billionaires are putting in this kind of Money. Right. If the best I can help you out with this 5,000 bucks, you might show up and shake my hand. But when something really, when the rickshaw hits the road or whatever, you're gonna be working for the big dogs for the cash. Got You. Got it.


That's, and that's the way the system works. And And how do we change that? Well first of all, this campaign finance reform is a big deal. Just this one issue. And, I'm glad you raised it. We gotta do Waveless citizens unit. We have to have restrictions. Okay. When I ran for president, the average contribution was $27. Okay. Roughly speaking. And we've got millions of people to contribute. So I think there has to be a real stringent limit on the amount of money that any individual can put into the political process. And, I also believe that we should move to what we call public funding of elections. You're a candidate, right? You wanna run for governor, you wanna run for Senator. If you show that you have a certain amount of support, you got x number of thousands of people willing to put $5 into your campaign, you can be able to get public funding.


And there's a limit at how much you can spend. These are not radical ideas. They exist in many countries around the world, actually. Yeah. It's pretty normal. Do you think that our election process is still democratic? Do you think it's still Yes and no. I mean, you know, you wanna run for office, can you? Yep. You can. You got a certain number of signatures. But if you're gonna win And, I have 10 times more money than you do, I will beat you 95% of the time. Wow. I mean, that's a fact, right? Right. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. You'll beat me. Maybe if you're really an exceptional candidate, I'm a real idiot. You'll beat me once in a while. But by and large the money people will win. So if you're asking me are we a democracy, in one sense, we are.


Alright. You can run for office, you can raise your issues. On the other hand, in terms of who has the real power money, people do And, I use the term oligarchy. And oligarchy is the society where small numbers of very wealthy people control the economic and political life of the country. I think we are moving rapidly in that direction. Yeah. I feel like it's, to me it feels like a almost privatized communism in a way. Right. That's a very good point. It's a very good, it's an interesting way of looking at it. Yeah. And I don't know exactly. Sometimes everything And what communism is, And what socialism is. But sometimes that's how it feels. Well, lemme give you an example. Let me pick, can I pick up on your point? Yeah, for sure. Okay.


I believe we are the only nation on earth, major nation, wealthy nation that does not guarantee healthcare to all people. Okay. Get in your car, go 50 miles where you are sitting right now in Burlington, Vermont. You have a terrible automobile accident. You're in the hospital for a month in Canada. Do you know what the bill is when you come out? Zero. Nothing. Okay. Do you know how much the Canadians spend per person on healthcare compared to us? One half as much? They spend half as much. You don't take out your wallet. If you get sick, you go to the doctor that you want. Okay. I believe in that type of system. They guarantee all healthcare to all of their people. It's publicly funded the way we fund police departments, fire departments and libraries.


Okay. You gotta pay taxes for it, but at the end of the day, it is less expensive for your healthcare. You following what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. 'cause you are a, you're a proponent for healthcare for all. Right. I absolutely. And yes, and you always have been. And but how the system seem, that system seems so rigged. 'cause you have, you have, like, one of the number one causes of bankruptcy in America is medical debt, right? Yes. Unbelievable. Like, people can't of, you know, people, they go in, they don't even know the cost. They sign an agreement that they're gonna be billed later, right? It's like, and then they get the bill and it's astronomical and they spend the rest of their life a literally a slave to the healthcare system or to the medical billing system or, or the insur, you know, dealing with their insurance and not to mention they're sick.


So the the added stress of that, it just feels like, yeah, the, like something so much better could be done. You know, that is so pathetic and so sick and so cruel. I mean, we did a hearing on this and roughly speaking, And I know the viewers will, will think, this is like hard to believe half of the people who are dealing with cancer now, cancer's a terrible disease, right? Your point a hundred percent. You're struggling for your life, right? Bad. Yeah. Bad. Maybe you make it, maybe you don't. You got radiation, chemotherapy, bad stuff, right? Half the people who get cancer treatment either end up in bankruptcy or utilizing all of the financial resources of the family.


They're depleted, they're broke. So imagine that you go into the hospital, Zocdoc, doctors, sorry, you got cancer. Terrible. You're worried to death, right? Your friends, your family are worried. And then on top of that, what are you worried about? Oh my god, what am I'm gonna have to sell my house. And. I have to go bankrupt in order to pay medical bills. That is insane. Yeah. And it adds, if you're trying to deal with cancer, then you gotta worry about financial stress. Think it's gonna make your condition any better. Oh, The worst you spend half your day, you can't, even in the insurance companies, it's all a rigmarole. It's constant stress. But how, how is it set up like that? Like what is the gimmick between insurers and the hospital? What's the That's the thing. I don't know what's going on. Or take it a step.


Let's take a step further. Okay. Lemme talk about the Canadian system. Alright. Okay. Simple system, you pay taxes and progressive, the more you make, the more you pay. But everyone pays taxes, alright? End result is you walk into the hospital, you sign your name, you have all the treatment you need, and it's good quality healthcare. You don't have to argue with insurance companies. You get the care that the doctors think you need. End of discussion. And in my view, that's the way it should be. We spend, it's not just that the insurance companies make huge profits. They do not just, they pay their CEOs exorbitant salaries, which they do. Everybody's gotta fill out a thousand different forms, right? Goes crazy. Filling out forms to see what you're entitled to, what you're not entitled to.


Deductibles, right? Yeah. The bureaucracy. It's ridiculous, right? Is that called bureaucracy? Yeah. Yeah, That's exactly what it's alright. So look, you may have health insurance, but buy, I just talked to a person the other day. We had a meeting, you know what their deductible was? $13,000. What does that mean? It means that the first $13,000 of illness, they gotta pay outta their own pocket. How many people can make 13,000? So if you get hit by a truck and you own up a million dollar bill, okay, yeah. The insurance companies will kick it. Yeah. Presumably. Alright. So the whole idea that healthcare in America, unlike every other major country, alright? Go to Europe, go to Canada, go to many Latin American countries, it is a bloody right, not a privilege.


And that's what I think it should be. So we have a system that works very well for the insurance companies and the drug companies. In some cases, you're gonna pay 10 times more for medication in America than they do in other countries. That's a whole other story we're trying to deal with right now. But it's a, it's a corrupt system benefiting the people who own it. Not the ordinary American. You go out on the street, go out on the street, say to people, do you think healthcare is a human right? All, all people in America shut out. Yeah, we do. That's what I'm fighting for. And then who are the lobbyists that are against that then? Like do you think Guys from the insurance companies and the drug Companies? Okay. And then what politicians work with those, like why don't we know what politicians are cheating us so that we don't have them in anymore?


Alright. You're a smart guy. You tell me. How often have you heard a discussion in this country about how broken the healthcare system is and comparing it to other countries? A lot. Alright, you've heard a lot about this. Well, I mean, I think I hear a lot about, I, I I look into it a lot. Alright, you Look into it. But how many people even know that we are the only major country on earth not to guarantee healthcare to all people. So when people will say, oh, Bernie, Sanders is a radical idea. He thinks everybody should have healthcare. Really? That exist in Canada, this in France and England, in Denmark and Sweden and every bloody country on earth, virtually rich country. So it's not a radical, even Mars, I heard they have healthcare there. Now I, I wouldn't be surprised.


Now some people would say that the argument against that would be that then there's less personal responsibility to take care of yourself. Right? But do you Really? But that's, but that would be in, in other countries anyway. Right? That would be anywhere. Suppose If, if God forbid you or I came down with a serious, am I gonna blame you for coming down with cancer? I mean, is that, is that a personal responsibility? That's a good point. Yeah. Probably not. That might just be kind of a, and look ghost of an argument, you know? And Here's, but to pick up on that point, what should one of the priorities of a good healthcare system be? It should be to try to keep people healthy. So we should encourage people to have good diet, to do exercise, to stay away from, you know, addictive stuff.


Right? We do a particularly good job on that. Not so much because where do the insurance companies make their money? Hey, if you're really sick, pretty Good. Yeah. We keep you healthy. Mm. Not so much. Are they one of the largest lobbyist groups? Yep. Wow. Very, very. They're huge. I mean, and we started this discussion. You talk about, you know, privatized, communism, whatever the expression you used is. I believe that, you know, Medicare is the health insurance program for the elderly. Medicaid is for lower income people. I think we should combine all these and guarantee healthcare to all people. But your point is that in the private sector, we are moving to a monopoly.


And it's true. People like UnitedHealth, unbelievable site, they UnitedHealth to the best of my knowledge, has under contract or hires 10% of the doctors in America. Wow. Got that one. Insurance company, one company, 10% of the doctors. And so how would you even start to undo something like that? Like what's a realistic path to reform, I guess? Okay, Here's thanks. Great question. And because I wrote the bill, I know the answer. Okay. Okay. Alright. Right now you have Medicare, which is a very popular program. It's lifesaving to many elderly people. That was developed in the 1960s by President Lyndon Johnson. Okay. Very popular program. You got Medicaid for the lower income people.


Also a popular program. What I would do is over a four year period, take Medicare, first thing you do is expand Medicare. 'cause Medicare does not now cover dental hearing or vision. A lot of people can't afford to go to a dentist. Got me? Yeah. Okay. You expanded. And then you say right now to be eligible for Medicare, you gotta be 65 years of age. Okay? First year lower to 55. So you're 57, congratulations. You don't have to worry about whether you have insurance on your job. You wanna hear something else crazy about the private insurance system. You work for a big corporation. Okay? They give you good health insurance. He works for McDonald's, virtually nothing.


All right? That's pretty crazy. Where you work determines the kind of healthcare you get. Anyhow, so we go from 65 down to 55, 55 next year down to 45, 45 to 35 fourth year. You cover everybody gradual absorption. So you have a Medicare system that covers all people. You no longer have to pay any more deductibles or co-payments. No more premiums. You get your healthcare because you're an American citizen. Will your taxes go up? They may. Will it be less than what you pay right now in private insurance? Yes, it will be. It's a good deal. Can we afford that as a country, you think? Sure. Yeah.


We are now spending over $4 trillion on healthcare. We spend double, here's another point to be made. We spend twice as much per person on healthcare as any other country. 'cause it's designed to make money for the insurance companies and the drug companies. Wait, so explain that to me. So we spend twice as much on healthcare. We are spending right now, you Know, as any other country. Yes. Per person. Yes. But we're not, but the money isn't going towards them getting, so we'd almost save the money just by you Got it. Alright. Here example. Is that true? Yes, it's true. Check it out. It is true. Chairman of the bloody committee. Yes, it's true. Alright. Bloody literally. People are completely, Yeah. Alright. If I buy a car, borrow for 80,000, you buy a car for 40,000.


What is the presumption? Should my car be a better car than yours? Yes. Okay. I'm, I'm spending twice as much. Alright. But I got a really much great better call than you have. Alright? We are spending per person. Per person, over $13,000. Alright? Spending 13,000 on you. 13,000 on me, 13,000 on a 5-year-old. 13,000 90-year-old. Alright? 13,000 per person. Over $4 trillion nationally. Canadians are spending about half of that per person. And they're taking care of everybody. Yes. And the British are spending less than that. Other countries a little bit Less. But does that affect us with the population number that we have? No. Doesn't matter. I mean per, because Per person.


Per person. Got it. Okay. I'm not talking about engrow. Right? Per, per person. How do you stop hospitals from, how do you stop hospitals from overcharging? That's part of The, it's a corrupt system. If they know that the government's gonna pick up the tab. Good. Very good question. And the answer is what they do. And I mean. It's not like we're inventing something. Other countries do it. What they say to hospitals is, look, you're not gonna be charging Theo when he is in the hospital. You're not gonna be charging him a nickel. But we know, roughly speaking in a year what you are gonna be. You need certain number of doctors and radiologists and nurses and all that stuff. Here is your budget. It's like a police department. Here's your budget in a year you need more. Maybe we come up with more. You get what we call a global budget.


It's like the Dodgers or something. But you got a global budget, right? You Got a budget and you take care of all the needs. It's not per person. You get it And. what you do there. We spend as a nation, one of the other insanities of this healthcare system, we spend hundreds of billions of dollars on billing. You know what I mean by that? Medical Billing. Yeah. Alright, so I'm the insurance companies. First of all, you gotta fill out forms. I hire people who are not doctors or nurses. Right? They're just built. Oh Yeah. Alright. You got bill collectors. You got, you go to a hospital, go down to the basement, you got a hundred. Well depending on the size of the hospital, dozens and dozens of people. They don't wanna see a patient. They're just filling out forms.


Yeah. Half the Philippines is, people just do a medical billing over the phone. you know. Well There are countries where you show your cart and that's the end of the discussion. But we waste hundreds of billions of dollars just on building people. And there's another issue I wanna discuss life expectancy. What do we know about life expectancy? We're getting pretty long in the tooth. Nope. We're getting, we're not living long. Nope. Compared to whom? Compared to probably Vietnam. Yeah, I'm sure maybe. Alright. But alright. We are the richest country on earth. Do we live longer lives than other people?


No, we don't. We Do not. In fact, we're pretty far down the list. Why is that? Well, I mean I think it could be that we're not taking as good care of ourselves. Okay. And I. Think it could be that. Yeah. That we don't have as good a healthcare. That's Right. Alright. I think that's two pretty, I think that's two outta three. Alright. Now here there are two facts. We country, Japan, other countries will live four or five years, six years longer than we do. That's a lot. You know what I mean. Yeah. So they'll live, I forgot what it Is. Like 8% or something. Yeah. Right. It's a lot. But here's another fact that is really unbelievable.


It's not just that we live shorter lives despite spending so much on healthcare. The gap between the 1% and the working class, it's 10 years. If you're rich, you'll live as long as people in other countries, you have a long life in the eighties or whatever it is. If you're working class, you're gonna live 10 years younger. How does that happen, do you think? Wow. Because just stress burnout. You Man. Alright. I'm gonna sign you up there. You're, you got it. Look, I think I like a lot of the things that you think about. Alright, Let's deal with the issue of stress. Okay? Yes, you're right. It is twofold. It seems to me number one is if you're rich, you go to any doctor you want, when you want it. Get paid for all the drugs you need, right?


Yeah. Alright. That's a real advantage. But above and beyond that working class people live under enormous stress. Right? And that takes a toll on you. Takes a toll on you physically and mentally. And that is, we have parts of this country where life expectancy is actually in decline. Got it. People are living shorter lives because Of the stress. Because Of the stress. And with that stress and the hopelessness, they turn to drugs, they turn to alcohol, they turn to suicide. Yeah. Alright. Bad stuff. Oh yeah. I think those are things that, yeah, they don't even take those factors into consideration when they're making all of these, you know, you call to get your medical bill, it's a nightmare.


It's like, it's, it's a fi. You almost want to, this is crazy. There's been times when I've been like, I would rather take my own life than sit here and make another fucking call. And I'm not even sick. you know, I'm just somebody trying to get to the bottom of The, alright, And. what? Why does that happen? What's, because It's loopholes. They want you, they don't want you to get paid. You got it. Not that hard. Look, you pay me money through insurance, right? So you're sick. I'm supposed to, you know, pay your bills. Right? If I drive you crazy, you're gonna say, screw it. Hell with it. I'll pay the goddamn thing myself. It's not worth it. Yeah. Good. I'm the insurance company's say. Right on, man.


That's exactly what I wanted.


Today we're here to celebrate the perfect summer grooming companion That will keep you looking cool even when it's sizzling outside. I'm excited to introduce you to the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra in the new colorway white hot from Manscaped. That's right. Step up your grooming game this summer with the lawnmower 5.0 ultra in white hot experience precision like never before. With the next gen. Dual skin safe blade heads and updated trimmer blade and an interchangeable foil blade for peak performance. That's right. Whether you're at the beach or by the pool, it's always trimming time. Trim it. Trim it. Join the over 10 million worldwide who trust Manscaped for all their grooming needs. And get the special edition lawnmower 5.0 ultra in white hot while supplies last. Head over to Manscaped dot com and grab yours. Now when you use my promo code, Theo, you'll get 20% off plus free international shipping at checkout. That's 20% off. Plus free international shipping with promo code Theo at checkout. Make the summer the smoothest one yet.


Let's name a couple comedy duos out there who have really gotten it done over the years. Lilo and Stitch right there. Amy and Tina Poer and Siegfried and Roy baby. you know what I'm talking about. Well, what's the perfect duo when it comes to growing your business? That's you and Shopify from the launch, your online shop stage to the first real life store stage all the way to the, did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. One thing I've loved about Shopify over the years is if you, if your business grows or small ones, you can adjust it as you need to. So it's right there with you every step of the way. Sign up for the $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash theo. THEO. All lowercase. That's right. Go to Shopify dot com slash THEO now to grow your business. No matter what stage you're in Shopify dot com slash theo.


So how then, how do we change that as a, as a system? How, what do we do? Like, 'cause it feels like we would, we're electing people that are, have this in our best interest. If it's the number one cause of bankruptcy is medical billing. How do our politicians not see that this is extremely important? That, and that things need to be different. Like what are they lobbying so powerful with? I know it's money, but it's like I just can't imagine that people wouldn't see the good, the value And. what is right? Well, you know, it, it's all that I can tell you is money talks to a larger, and it's not to suggest that, you know, members of Congress are evil or terrible per people that want people to suffer.


They don't. But you have a system which almost says, oh, you can't even think about guaranteeing healthcare to all people. Oh my god, what kind of you are, you are a far leftist. Yeah, well you're a communist man. What, what are you, you don't wanna take all the insurance companies hard working people that you know. So it almost, you're not even allowed to talk about those issues. And, and meanwhile, we're the only country that doesn't guarantee healthcare At all. Yeah, I mean, my one caveat, And I don't know exactly what caveat means, but I think my one, you know, left turn on it would be, yeah, how much responsibility then do people, are people gonna just have totally less responsibility and just be taking pills?


you know? I don't know. Maybe that's just a crazy thought. But if it's not happening in other countries, then maybe that's a good example. It's an issue wouldn't happen here. It's An issue. It is an issue in other countries, for example, alright, you're a lonely older person. Maybe you're living by yourself. Hmm. I'm feeling lonely. Maybe I'll go to the doctor Right. When I'm not really sick. Right? Oh yeah, for sure. When people abuse it. Yeah. So what I mean it happens and you try to discourage that whole system is perfect. Right? But the bottom line, as Americans, we have to answer a very simple question. Is healthcare a right of all people? Whether you're rich, poor, medium, whatever you are. I think the answer is yes. Well I think especially when you start to look at other places that we spend our money, it would be very hard not to say this.


We should certainly spend it there first. Good. It's just fucking unbelievable that we're this powerful of a country and we don't have a, an emo like, it's like we lost our emotional I That's a good point. And I'll tell you something else. Let me get off healthcare for a second. Okay. Well, before we get off, I want to, so I know that you guys have a bill 'cause I have a, a group that I've worked with, done volunteer stuff with called Power to the Patients. Right. Good. And it's, it's notating the prices of good. Like say you get an MRI like the hospital now has to let you know that the MR MRI is $700. So you can call the hospital down the street and see that there it's $550.


So you can make AdChoices. So you know upfront. That's good. So you're not getting a $10,000 bill later on. You got It. It's called the transparency bill. Transparency bill. And is it passed yet or no? No, it Has not. I'm working with it with a guy named Senator Braun from Indiana who was a Republican. Good guy. And look, it's exactly the issue. People walk into an emergency room, they walk into a hospital. Do you have any idea, you know, here Theo, this is what we're gonna do for you, blah, blah blah, blah. And you come out and you drop dead because you see a bill of, you know, tens of thousands of dollars. Right. That's a crazy part. Yeah. I mean people go in and surgery, they come out hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt. It's cr Yeah, it's, it's insane. Alright. And the point is, look, I should have the right to know you wanna hear you think it's crazy?


Lemme tell you how crazy. It's even crazier than you think it is. Okay. Okay. You have Blue Cross Insurance. I have another insurance company, same hospital. You go and get an MRI your insurance company will pay $500. My insurance company pays $700. So even in the same hospital for the same treat at the prices different. Not to mention different hospitals. Yeah, Well it's just wild that they, that they can do that. It's almost like I'm gonna go to the grocery store, I'm gonna get an Apple. Right. I'm gonna eat it. And then after I eat it, you're gonna tell me how much it costs. you know, you got that is ex and they're like, it's $400. You're like, is it from the Garden of Eden? you know, like, but it's Even worse.


It's, you're exactly right. But it's even worse because you had to go to the hospital. Right? Right. Yes. It wasn't AdChoices that you made. I know you had, you guys had launched an investigation even, 'cause this is kind of current about Ozempic. Right. And the cost of Ozempic in different countries. 'cause I was dating a girl, or not dating, but we met, you know, we met up a couple times at night or whatever and it's like she was leaving one morning to drive to Mexico to get Ozempic And. I'm like, what are you, you're just driving in the middle of the, you know, at 5:00 AM to go to what's going on. And she's like, well it's just way cheaper there. And I'm like, but is it as regulated? you know, I don't know. But I know that in some countries the prices on it are so different. Like in Canada it's 150 something dollars.


Got it. And in America it's 700 and something. Oh, close to a thousand. It's close to a thousand dollars for a diabetes medication. I know some people use it for, you know, kind of weight Weight loss. Yeah. Weight loss or look the way they want Spring break or whatever. But that's crazy. Why is it that, why isn't it just the same? Is it because they know they can charge us more because we have more money? That's half of it but only half of it. That's a great question. Thanks for asking it. Alright. That's what my committee deals with every day. We've had by the way, some, some success in the last few years and the Biden people have done a good job on this. Alright. Why is it that, I wanna make sure I'm right here. Well certainly in Canada it's about 150 bucks.


For Ozempic here it's 900 close to a thousand. Why is that what the Canadians do? And what countries around the world do what makes common sense? They purchase a lot of the drug. Right? Alright. So they sit down with the drug companies, they say, look, you know, we have wes of thousands of people are gonna use your drug. We're gonna sit down and we're gonna negotiate a price. Right. Right. Of course, certainly after a few months you'd be should be able to see the averages and make a good business choice. Yeah. Right. I mean if you are a bulk per, if you're a businessman and you're, you're buying something from me, you're buying, you know, thousands of items. I'm gonna have to give you a discount if I want your business. Right. Certainly. Right.


That's the way the business works. So that's what every country on earth does. They sit down with the drug companies. Some do it more stringently than others. Up until very, very recently there have been no requirements. Zero for the drug companies to negotiate anything. So they come in and they say they have the ball. What do you think we can get Harry sitting around their board of directors? Well actually I think you can get $10,000 a year. I, no, I think you can go high. They can get 20,000. Look, we get what the market will bear. The government has no power charge of anything you want. That's what they do. So you got, now it's not just Ozempic in which we pay in some cases 15 times more than European countries.


It's all kinds of drugs. So the answer is, the answer to your question is up until recently and the Biden administration has done a good job of this, there have been no capabilities of the government Medicare, anybody else to negotiate prices. They charge you anything they want and as much as they possibly can. What we did is part of a bill called the Inflation Reduction Act. Stupid title to the bill. But that's what it was. Finally have that the drug companies are gonna have to sit down with Medicare and negotiate prices. They're gonna be announcing some interesting results pretty soon. Mm. So for the first time, there is the beginning of negotiating prices and it will lower prices. Second of all, what we've done on my committee, a lot of people have asthma and they use inhalers.


I dunno if you know anybody using an asthma Inhaler. Yeah. Alright. 10 times more expensive in the United States. Well we kinda shamed some of the big companies. They lowered it down to some of them to $35. So making some progress on lowering the cost of prescription choice. But to answer your question, up until a couple of years ago, drug companies could charge any price they wanted for any reason. Hmm. And now, and that could be changing with the inflation act. Yeah. Inflation reduction Act, what it basically says, reduction act is the 10 top selling drugs. They're gonna have to come then and sit down and negotiate with Medicare price. That is by the way, what the Veterans Administration does. The VA in America does a good job.


Yeah. They don't pay outrageous prices. They negotiate. And that's what Medicare is beginning to Do. Yeah. If you can't breathe, I mean yeah, you're almost a fish if you can't breathe. you know, let's talk about some politic, oh wait. And so, and the price and the price transparency that's happening now. Like people have to show their prices or they don't? No, they don't. We still haven't passed that Bill. Okay. Do you think it's gonna happen? It's a popular bill. I think we have a good shot to get it done. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah man, it makes me just sick. 'cause somebody's already sick and you know, they're sick. Like if, if it were your family member what you would, you want them to just sit there and just be angry, they're on the phone every day, then they don't have any energy for their own family. It just, You're right. You're absolutely, you're absolutely right.


I just don't, I just can't imagine choosing, especially when you're already making a ton of money, you choosing to make a little more money, what do you need? But now you're raising even another Issue. What do you need before We've got corporate greed here, but that's another issue. Yeah, I know you hate it and we all hate it. I think America's at the point where they, the screw has been turned so fucking tight that I think, yeah. It starts to, it starts to create radicalization. It starts to create a lot of stuff. Let's talk about the PO the election coming up right now, or just the current candidacy I wanted in 2020, I believe that's when you ran, I wanted you and Donald Trump to be on the same ticket.


Right. That was a thought that I had because in my mind, I'm just a regular guy. I don't know a ton about politics. Right. I wanted, I felt both Y'all were outliers. Right. That's how it seemed to me. These guys are both outliers, they're both different, but seem to be doing their own thing. You've been outspoken against Trump, right? Do you think he's not, is he doing his own thing or is he Yes, He is like, look, I will give Trump credit. Okay. He does his own thing. Okay. He's a very different type of politician. And that's clear. But this is what I do think, Theo, while I respect somebody who has the guts to do their own thing and be a very much a non-traditional politician, which is what he is, here's the facts.


He lies all the time. And you know, I got four kids, And I got seven grandchildren. And we really have to ask ourselves whether the guy who is the leader of the country, whether that's the kind of example that we want. So I have a lot of friends in politics who differ with me. More conservative people. They're not liars. We disagree. So you And I disagree on something's fine. So what it's called America and democracy. Yeah. It used to be fine. That's Right. Alright. But Trump really is, I use the word pathological. He lies because every when you, you see him on Televis every, not everything, but a lot of lies. Okay. And I think that's, we can't have that. you know, and sec, you know, when he was in the private sector before he became involved in politics, he was sued, his companies was sued 4,000 times and And I just above and beyond his political views, which I disagree with.


But then you, those of you can discuss. I don't think you want somebody leading this country who is shady. So you're saying the ex, he doesn't set the best example of a le of Exactly. Look, you got kids. I don't Do you have any kids? I don't have any yet. Alright, Alright. Alright. Well, you know, hope you do And. I. Yeah. You want kids to be honest, right? Yeah. You don't want 'em to be bullies and picking on the weak. And, and he, so that from a character point of view, I, I I don't like him. But also, let me give you another example. I happen to believe, I don't know what your views are, that women have a right to control their own bodies. Alright? I don't want, as a man, somebody saying, oh Bernie, you know, you can't have a vasectomy. You can't do this. You can't, my business, not the governments. And, and Trump does not hold that view.


I happen to believe strongly that climate change is real. We got the, you know, just a week or two ago. Yeah. I saw your podcast with Bill, bill ov, Bill McKibbon. Of course I've known Bill, Bill McKibbon. Yeah. Yeah. And Bill is, Yeah, I wanted to, I wanna get to speak to him. He seems really interesting, smart guy. Is he? I've known him for Years. Yeah. Because I wanna learn more about, you know, you just always hear about climate change and so yeah. I wanna learn more about it. Good. And I. I, I hope you do. And And I. I'm sure Bill would be happy to go on the show with you. That'd be cool. you know, I, if you wanted, I can give him a call. Awesome. In, in all of the scientists degree, when you put carbon into the atmosphere, it creates a ceiling there, the earth warms up.


And then because of the earth warming up, you have extreme weather disturbances. Like the, you know, you come from Louisiana, do you? Oh yeah, We're Sinking. You've seen the terrible floods there. We've had 'em here in Vermont. Yeah. They're have in Savannah right now going on. Right. That's right. you know, floods that the likes of which we'd never seen, you're seen drought, you know, in Saudi Arabia, temperature rates 125 degrees, which people are dying by the hundreds. So Trump does not believe that climate change is real. And if he becomes president, that means not only will the United States, the whole world will give up. And I don't know what this planet is gonna look like in, you know, 10, 15 years. And do you say that because America is really the leader of the forefront of Yep.


Looking out for climate change? Yep. Oh, okay. We're the largest economy in the world right now. China is a bigger polluter than we are right now. Oh yeah. Dude, they all smoke too. A lot of Chinese people, you have that kid that smokes on that bicycle or whatever, he smoking like 11 cigarettes. Right. But if we were, if we say hey the hell with it that other countries are gonna, because you, it's a global Problem. Right. Then everybody's gonna be like, oh, Screw it. You got everybody backs off. And then I don't know what this planet you talk about floods, it's gonna get worse and worse. Heat waves, worse drought, worse migrations. There are millions, hundreds of millions of people, little farmers in poor countries, they can't farm anymore. Yeah. Okay. So I disagree with Trump on that. So those are some of the reasons why, you know, I'm Yeah.


Strongly against him. Those are important issues. you know, I certainly, yeah, And I don't think every, yeah. It's like everybody can have their own thoughts on different issues. And do you see why people like him? I do. you know, because he's very disarming. He gets up there, he says whatever the hell he wants. Yeah. He is not, Yeah, he doesn't seem like he's by the book. That was a thing. He is not by the book. That's a right. And so that's something the same as you. It's like he's speaking for, it feels like they're speaking for themselves. Right. Whether you agree with maybe what they believe, they believe what they're saying, I think, and that I think comes through, I think you're right Clearly to people. I think, You know, he's certainly unusual. Gets up there and he ran and he does his thing and he's not necessarily, I'm sure his advisors go crazy.


Kidding. But He's not, You know, not reading off, you know, he doesn't have 14 Oh Kid Rock is one of his advisors. you know, Hey look, I love Kid Rock, but you know, I don't know if every advice, you know, every advice of his is the best. But now some of it is, that's for sure. But some of it may not be. No, you're right. And, and you know, a lot of these politicians have 18 different consultants. You can't use that word. You can't say that, you know, and he is not, And that makes it miserable. He's not like that. Right. And, And people find that appealing. I get it. But you know, again, I don't think you could have a pathological liar or somebody who doesn't believe in women's, have the right women of Right. To control their bodies, you know, who doesn't believe in climate change. I think that's, that's bad. And by the way, I, I, I'm not quite so sure, but she believes in democracy as well.


Yeah. Well and look, yeah, those are, that, that's exactly, that's how you feel. And it's important. And you've always had your own feelings. And. I appreciate you always having them and sharing what they are. Did you feel like whenever the people tried to assassinate Did, you think it was deeper than that? Do you think it was just some Reddit jockey just on, first Of all, it was a horrible, I mean, I disagree with Trump, but everything but the idea of people assassinating Trump or anybody else is, It's crazy. It's crazy. It is horrible. And it's, I mean, I can't give you the words. It's just terrible. We cannot have that in American politics. My own guess. And I'm not an expert. I'm sure there are a lot of, you know, conspiratorial theories that are out there. you know, I think you have, you know, we've seen it before.


You've seen seemingly normal people walking into schools with guns doing horrible things. Right? Yeah. you know, And I think you had, for whatever reason, I, I don't want to even speculate why this young man did what he Did, but you just think it was a young man who just, that was it. That's what the evidence seems to suggest so Far. Right. But you didn't hear anything else. You guys don't hear anything else as Congress people, you don't hear anything deeper Than that. I don't Any great secrets that you don't know. Yeah. Do you think that Kamala Harris is the best person to run against Donald Trump right now? Well, she is the person. And that's, And that won't change probably, huh? No, She, she'll lead the Democratic candidate. And you know, I've known Kamala for a number of years. Not best friends, but I've known her.


She was in the Senate for a short period. She's very smart and she's determined, I mean, above and beyond her views on the issues. Issues which I, you know, support most of 'em. Not all. You gotta give credit to somebody, a black woman, to move up the ladder. That ain't easy stuff. There's a lot of resistance to that. And she's Good point. She's persistent, she's strong. And I, respect that. And, you know, I think she'll be a good candidate. I was interested that Trump apparently backed out of a debate with her on a, b, c And, I could, I wouldn't, you know, I have debated her as a matter of fact. She's Tough. She's tough. Was there a chance that you were gonna get that Noe or as an independent, can you get been plotted with the Democratic Party and put in No.


Was there even a call about it or anything? No, It, you know, I ran in 16, I ran against Hillary Clinton. And I ran in 20. Yeah, I remember And I felt like you, I felt like you didn't get treated fairly, to be honest with you. Well, I didn't. And that's what happens when you take on the establishments. Yeah. What happened is we won the first three primaries and then the establishment got very, very nervous. And they got, there were a whole lot of candidates in the Democratic primary, and they said, Hey, it'd be a good idea if you all dropped out. Let Joe Biden be the one candidate. People rallied around them. And do they call, is there a call that you get and it's like, you're, you're not gonna move forward? Is it just like, oh no news articles that, how does it, how does the establishment Well, what happens, happens Is won the popular vote in Iowa.


I won the New Hampshire primary, I won the Nevada Primary. And those were the first three. And then four pages of New York Times Democratic establishment. Very nervous. Bernice Stanis, who in the whole, we were doing very well in the polls. And you know, I think behind the scenes people thought, you know, there were like 15 different candidates and they were splitting up the vote. And that's how I was, I was not necessarily getting over 50%. I was getting more than other people. So I was on the way to victory and they said, Hmm, look, Bernie shouldn't be the candidate for a variety of reasons. We don't want 'em, the candidate drop out. And then on one day, a lot of people, one, two, there's a lot of people dropped out. It was Joe Biden and me and Joe had a lot of support and all these people came behind them. And that's what happened.


Let me also say, you know, having said that, Biden is a friend of mine. I think he has done a very good job over the last three and a half years. And I'm working very hard to see that Kamala is elected our next president.


The heat of summer is here. God, it's hot. My, my shadows do not even, I saw it having a lemonade yesterday and wearing ice pack on its neck. Like God. That's why you need Liquid IV. They have refreshing summer flavors like Popsicle firecracker, rainbow Sherbert, you know, it indulge in hydration with the electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients from the number one powdered hydration brand in America. Liquid. IV. That's true. It's simple. Just tear, pour and live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. you know, I like that Liquid IV. It makes the water just, it gives it a lot of just gumption makes you just feel like you could just hug somebody right after you have it. It's good. It's powered by live hydroscience and optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. Indulge in hydration this summer with Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code theo at Liquid IV dot com.


Did, you feel like, did it seem, it started to seem like people were losing faith in the media, right? And I feel like that that's had a huge effect on society. It's created a lot of opportunities for what are often labeled as conspiracy theories, but then often end up being truth just because or not of, but yeah. Often are end up being truths or having re realness to them because the news media isn't even, you know, it's like they all just go down these same similar paths and it's not, it doesn't even feel real anymore. I mean, the fact that you And, I are talking is wild. you know, it's like I fucking wouldn't talk to me. you know? But, but the, you know, but the fact, but look, The bad news is bad news and good news.


The good news is you got a program, but millions of people to India. Yeah. And part of that is that people do not necessarily believe C-B-S-N-B-C-A BBC or even Fox or anybody else. And so let me tell you what I think about that because I think you're, you're touching on an important issue. We talk about healthcare, we talk about media. You have about eight large media conglomerates, you know, Comcast and all these guys. They're Huge. Serious. Exactly. Yeah. They, they, they own, you know, people turn on their Clear channel. You Got it. You got it. They're huge. They own, they don't own one station, they own radio stations, they own TV stations. Oh, it was miserable.


They own movies, you know, producers. So these are owned by very large billionaires. you know, B bought big companies owned by billionaires and they, they will discuss issues from here to here. And I gave you an example about Medicare for all. We should be having a tremendous discussion why we're the only country not to guarantee healthcare. It doesn't take place on television. We should be talking about massive income and wealth inequality. There are three people in America, while more wealth at the bottom half of American society think that's appropriate. No sir. Okay. I think there should be a limit on how much a person can earn. Okay. To be honest with you, there may be, you know, some, you know, some millions, but I don't think it should be billions. Someone should have I agree With you.


I agree with you. Actually, And I think most Americans would, when's the last time you've seen that discussion on NBC? It ain't gonna take place. Right? We have, But that's what the people want though. Yes. That is exactly, that's why you're a success and why other people, you know, with very limited resources if you like, because you don't see that type of discussion. I just did a poll, my campaign did a poll just on these issues, you know, talking about issues that working class people want and need that are almost never discussed in politics or in the corporate media. And the answer is people are hurting. They want change. No one's talking about it. Yeah. Yeah. It's heartbreaking. It's like I dunno, the people don't even get thought of anymore.


It feels like a lot of times, and here's the toughest part, I think Bernie is, as a person who, you know, has felt like in their life, maybe their father died in a war, their grandfather died in a war and they've been tried to pay their taxes and be a, you know, considerate person in their town or their country. After a while, those good people start, it starts to erode a little because they don't feel like, and they lose their sense of purpose. Man, when you're, you lose the fabric of your society. A lot of people, that's how they, I they didn't even realize that. A lot of us don't even realize that's, we identify as an American. And when you realize, well, America, it's nothing but it's a, it's a shell LLC for fucking big corporations.


Then what am I, I'm just a, I'm just a idiot. you know? You almost feel ashamed of yourself, you know, or you can, you know, anyway, just, I don't know, a lot of that stuff just, I just don't see how people think that that's good. Or how you're gonna still be able to get people to buy in. You know? I think you said it better than I did. I mean, I agree with you. I think a lot of people are ashamed. They're given up, they're hurting. Yeah. And, And many of these people have fought and died of their families have fought and died in wars and they're good people. And maybe they're, you know, nurses and they're, you know, business people. Yeah. Anything crossing guard mailman. Right, Exactly. They believe in their community. Yeah. And meanwhile they're getting ripped off by people on top politically and economically.


Well, even the radio, like you're saying, it's like you used to have like a newspaper and you, you read and it meant something. Your community meant something. It used to be that your grandpa worked at the factory and they made the table that you have in your home. And so everything had a story to it. There's some connection and now it's like we're buying stuff from countries that they're making it, they don't care. We're using it. We don't care. There's no story. Nobody has any, like, there's no, there's no thread. you know, the thread just gets thin. Man, that's a very profound point you just made. And so how do we get it back? you know? It Ain't easy. Yeah. But I Think, but I think you hit the nail on the head. People, you know, you're in right now you're in Vermont, which is one of the smallest states in, in, in the country.


It's a very rural state. Beautiful. Burlington is the largest city with 40,000. And. I used to be mayor here, you know, but you go into small towns, everybody knew everybody. Often they were dairy farmers. We had a lot of dairy farmers. People worked really hard being a dairy farmer. Oh Yeah. I used to work at Cold Stone creamers for a while, so not the same, but I get it. Right. But I mean, milking cows, you know, five o'clock in the morning on a cold winter day ain't easy work. But it was a, everybody knew each other. Nobody cheated each other. you know, there was a sense of, then you have town meetings once a year and people argue about the school budget, all that stuff. And we are losing that big time for a lot. Maybe next time we'll talk about that. But we're losing, we're losing that as you indicated, for a lot of reasons.


And if we don't get it back, I, I worry about the future of this country. Yeah, we can, that that is kind of a bigger topic. I you, I've heard you talk about the 32 hour work week. Man, it's intriguing when anybody second I heard that. I'm like, I'm in, you know, It it, I tell you it got a lot of response. Yeah. I think there was a poll like I Dunno if it was a Newsweek, I don't know where it was that Yeah, the 32 hour work week. And one of the reasons behind it is why. Okay, Here's why. Alright, let me back it up a little bit. Okay. And here's, I'm gonna ask you a question. Are you ready for a tough question? Let's do it. Alright. Over the last 50 years, five zero years, massive changes in technology.


Right? 50 years ago they didn't have this stuff. Worker productivity has gone way up. Right. So you're a worker now playing with technology machinery, whether it's a computer, whether it's you know, factory technology, you're producing a lot more. Correct. In terms of real, oh You're producing more 'cause you have machines that can help you. Exactly. Got it. Okay. Okay. Right. Much more by The way. Right. Okay. So a machine can do the work of 30 men in a day. You got it. Got it. Whatever it may be. Okay. In term, despite all of that worker, increased worker productivity is the worker of today in real inflation accounted for dollars making more or less money than that worker was doing.


Or a worker similar type worker 50 years ago. What's the answer? I would Say less so. Less based on inflation and everything. The workers making less now than they were then. And real dollar. Yeah. We're called real dollars inflation account them for dollars. Real dollars. So covid, How insane is that if that worker is now producing so much more than he or she did for Oh, I see what you're saying. So now if a worker is operating a machine and that machine is doing your work with 20 workers, then why isn't there some benefit to the worker? You would think that that guy's making well, we'll just make it more money. Right? Hey you produc all lot more. Yeah. All widgets. So whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A hundred percent. Okay. Got it. Okay.


Make it must. Where will that money come? Well, who benefited from, oh the data Prime. Oh, that same period to Tom. It was a study that there was a 50 trillion of typical redistribution of wealth to your bottom 90% For the top 1%. So getting back to the 32 hour repeat, it's a simple idea. If you are worker producing a hell of a lot more, that was the case 50 years ago. You should benefit from an increased technology. And one of the breakout people, as you mentioned, a I'm gonna living under a lot of stress. Right. If you can lower that work week without loss of pay. Right. So you're saying that there needs to be some kickback to them because it's if everybody's earning more, if the company's earning more.


Yeah. Yeah. Some of the agree. It's just scary man. I don't know. Yeah, it's just scary. I want to get into, oh wait, but what about, would you have to raise the pay of people then? Oh, I guess you would because they're, Yeah. you know what, if you reduce, what you're doing here is reducing the work week, which is, you know, from 40 to 32. Which wide way has stopped, been changed since like good 44. Yeah. And that's when people had to do crops and everything. Yeah, yeah. People were just, yeah, people Were Knitting by lightning bug. So we, we are life wealthier nation now, but I want that wealth to be distributed a little with that. Yeah.


Why way. Yeah. Cool. We're almost done. Yep. We got just one more issue I want to ask. It'll be quick last question. If you were to look at, if there's somebody out there today who's like a guy who you were, who wanted to see change, who you know, started protesting on campuses and, and, and got involved and became a mayor and and wants to get into politics and really thinks that they can make a difference, what path do they need to try for themselves now with so much lobbying and stuff going on? Like what would you tell them? Alright, first of all, what you're involved in is some politics would change and being an elected official is one way. Bring up a chance. The thought anyway, you know, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.


Was never elected anything, right? He had a profound impact on this country. Never raped anything. And you're seeing young people who are concerned about p climate change on campuses a little bit more. So go where your passions, you know, your passion may be different than what's your issue? I don't this. So work on that issue. Greet people, educate, organize, greet people. And if you then decide, hey, you may a lower up for the state legislature, remember theovon, I wanna get my, you know, hands dirty in politics. Look, but first of all, don't do it just 'cause I want to get elected. That's bad. Right? Do it because you believe in inside and getting elected will help you do it.


Fine. If not, you can do it in other ways. Yeah. Bernie, Sanders, thank you so much for your time, man. Thank you very much. Let me just say this, congratulations on your programs And. what programs like this do? I'm on TV a lot, you know, I get seven seconds, so make a point. Can't make it seven seconds. So we argue you can have a serious discussion about serious issues, is really grateful. I thank you for the opportunity and thank you for what to do. Thank you. I've always been a proponent. And thank you for just being an outspoken person who believes in things and moves forward with those beliefs. And I.


For 50 years now, hip hop has been a reflection of Culture and society. That includes stories of struggle and pain, Social injustice, Racial inequality, The marginalization of Communities. Today we confront a healthcare system that Has been rigged against all of us. Hospitals force patients to sign contracts for Services without ever showing us actual prices, Stifling competition, Overcharging without accountability. And if we can't pay These same contracts, Allow them to take everything we own. Creating so much fear That millions and millions of Americans refuse to enter our hospital, put In our health, in our lives at stake. This is an American humanitarian crisis.


We love our nurses and we need our doctors, but the hospitals and insurers Rigging a system to make profits off of people that's in struggle is unforgivable. We demand Prices And transparency in healthcare. How To the patients.