
Hi, and welcome to ikea. How can I help? Oh, my schedule is crazy. I just want some me time. Maybe it's time to embrace the joy of staying in with comfortable beds, pillow and decor, mood lighting, and so much more. You can turn your bedroom into the place to be. Oh, sounds like a dream. We've got you. Visit us in store or at a kiaa.com/sleep to create your dream bedroom.


Today I have some tour Dates to tell you about. I'll be in Las, Vegas, Nevada over Labor Day weekend. If you're gonna be there, then I will too. I'll be in Bend. Oregon, Spokane, Washington. Portland Oregon Vancouver in the Canada. Oklahoma City, north Little Rock. Springfield Missouri. Kansas City. Missouri Sioux. Falls LA, Cross green, Bay, Moline, Lafayette Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas. All tickets through Theo Von dot com slash TN, OUR.


And Thank you so much for your support. I can't thank you enough. you know, my ninth grade civics teacher, Barbara Olinger, would be tickled to know that one of her students is getting to sit down with a president today. So I just wanna speak her name. She taught me to care about our country, and I still do. Today's guest is the 45th President of the United States of America, and he's currently running for president on the Republican ticket. He's been an entrepreneur, a businessman, a television personality.


We sat down at his club in Bedminster, New Jersey, and we want to thank the crew there for helping us make the production happen. He's one of the most famous people on earth, and I'm grateful for this chance to learn more about the man behind the headlines. Today's guest is Donald Trump Shine. I sit and tell you song, But your thing is going really great.


My son's a big fan of you as Baron. Really? Baron is? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, nice. He just graduated high school, right? That's right. He just did. He, he knows you very well. He said dad. He's big. Wow. He a big one. That's cool. That's, Well, that's, that's where it is nowadays, right? Yeah. Well, it's interesting, you know? Yeah. I can't believe that we're able to get platforms and we, I started in my kitchen and then yet it's evolved out of there. That's Fantastic. I mean, it's pretty unbelievable. What does Baron play? Are You, do you wanna start? You go ahead. Yeah, we're good. Are we rolling? Yeah, sure. We're good. Everyone. Yeah, it's, yeah. Does Baron play sports or anything? He Does. He plays golf and different sports. Soccer. Loves soccer. Very good at soccer.


He's a good athlete. Baron. Yeah. Is he gonna go to, has he already picked a college or No? He Has, and he's getting set to go in the fall. Good college. A very good one. and he was always a very good student. He's smart, smart guy. Which one of, yeah. Like, which one of your kids like, yeah. What's something you admire about each one of your sons? Well, Don is a hunter. He is a great, great hunter and knows everything about that world and guns and all. He was the first one that said, dad, boy, you got lucky, because I didn't realize that 130 yards is actually very close in that parlance.


And he said, you got lucky. He knew immediately when he saw that, he said, it's incredible. 'cause that's considered a pretty close distance From how far the shooter was. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And the guy wasn't a bad shooter, supposedly, you know, he was a very disturbed guy, but he wasn't a bad shooter. And Eric, likewise, he loves the business. He loves real estate. Also very much of a hunter and understands a lot of things about that. They were sort of, as young guys, they were with there grandfather, and he would take them hunting in Czechoslovakia and somehow they developed very well and Czechoslovakia Damn. Yeah. Can you imagine? Long Time. It's a lot of letters.


Even that's A long time. Yeah. That's the name. You don't hear too much anymore. But it was, I'd need a scope just to get through the spelling of that word. That's a lot Of people. A lot of people. Yeah. But, so he'd go, they'd spend time in Europe and they'd do that. That's where he learned a lot about both of them. Really Good. With your dad, they would go, No grandfather actually, the, the, they had a grandfather who was a wonderful outdoorsman and athlete, and during the summer, he'd take them out into the woods and they'd go hunting and lots of things. And they loved it. They got to love it. And that's Don and that's Eric. Yeah. They're funny. Oh, yeah. They have a good sense of humor too. Like whenever I see them at UFC, it's like, yeah, right.


Yeah. I just, like, the first time I was nervous, I think. And then after that, when I was seeing 'em, it's like, it's fun to kind of cut up with em a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're, they're good. They're good guys. And they, they really, they get along great with the rest of the family. We all get along great. We have a good family and, but I love you. I see we, you talk about a great guy. How about Dana White? Yeah. Good job. He does, right? Yeah. And yeah, I wanna thank Dana too for helping get us set up together. Yeah. Yeah. He makes it happen. I like Danny. He's, he's, he doesn't waste words. He doesn't waste time. He likes to, I think, be efficient. And he likes, he has a, seems like a strong sense of integrity for himself.


Yeah. Nobody like him. Actually. It's, you know, there's an expression that everybody is replaceable, not Dana. Yeah. Nobody could do what he does. And he's made that sport into a big monster sport. Yeah. And it's interesting. And we go there and we enjoy it. Go with him. Sometimes we do walk-ons with Dana and Place sort of likes it. Oh yeah. I've been there. Yeah. But Dana, yeah, there's a Video bus I was in behind you in one, one video. I'm sure the dogs here will pull it up. But yeah, those are some of my favorite. Those are some of my favorite things ever. It became, UFC became my favorite sport during the pandemic. Right. Because Dana was brave enough to stay open, you know? He was, he Was it, he was the whole ball game. He was the only sport.


and he, he'd open up in arenas with nothing other than very good fighters. Yeah. And they would be fighting. He had some of the best fights during the pandemic. Yeah. But he was, It was exceptional. There it is. Right there. See, look. Oh yeah, there you are. And I'm right behind you there. Oh, with that hat. I'm the white guy in the hat. That's great. That's right. The white guy in the hat is right. That's great. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of us there, but I was one of them for sure. That's right. Yeah. See, that's me right there. Good Sport, isn't it? Huh? Yeah, I'm a Dustin Poer fan, so, oh, he's Great. He was, boy, I say he's a warrior. That last fight he had, whether you like it or not, he is a warrior. Yeah. Yeah. It felt like he didn't get the, he didn't get the victory, but it didn't feel like he lost No, He didn't lose that fight. He, he really, the man he was fighting was tough.


He was tough and didn't expect that same fight. But he oftentimes will. He, he makes people suffer. There's no question about No. He's all, he's all, he's a pro. He's a professional. He's all heart. He's from Louisiana. That's where Im From. It was, as that fight went along, he just got stronger and stronger and he was getting pounded and he was gonna be choked out about four different times and he just wouldn't let it happen. No, you say hello to him. He is good. Yeah. I'll make sure to, He's a really great fighter there. He is. And he cooks Thanksgiving dinner every year. Oh Wow. Yeah. Maybe I'll have to go sometime. Huh? He's, oh yeah. I mean, he'd be, He must do good food. He does, yeah. He does some good stuff over there. Yeah. What was the fir, do you remember? Like the first fight that you ever went to, whether it was, it was you FC or boxing or anything?


Yeah, I do. It was Joe Frazier, Muhammad Ali in Madison Square Garden many, many years ago. And I think that was the first fight I went to. I like I, always liked the boxing. How old were you, remember? Oh Boy. I don't know. You can deduct it from what I am now, but it was a long time ago. But they were two undefeated fighters. They were both undefeated. Muhammad became a friend of mine. So did Joe or Jol and Joe. He was, they were two great fighters that, that fight was incredible. I think they had like many heart attacks that night. Literally heart attacks in Madison Square Garden. The place, I think it was Madison Square Garden.


And the fight was so unbelievable. Two undefeated heavyweight champions of the world. There was no UFC and there was no competition, really. It was it. Yeah. And so you had the two guys, remember that Mohammed wasn't allowed to fight because of lots of different things. And he was a terrific guy. Both terrific guys, very different. And they finally made it happen. They finally made that battle happen And they made it happen. So he had two undefeated heavyweight champions fighting. And Who took you to the fight? You remember? I went with my father and my brother Robert. And it was just, I don't know, I must have been very young. It was a long time ago, but wow. You would never forget it. That was one of those moments. Oh yeah. But no, literally there were like many heart attacks in the arena.


If people having too much fun or What do you think was Drugs just attack heart attacks because it was such a crazy event. Oh yeah. It was. So the people were just, I know a friend of mine, the father, he went, he had a bad heart attack. Literally. They took 'em out. They were taking people out. That's an Early K. It Was. And I don't hear that anymore. I mean, there were other exciting sporting, but I don't think there's ever been, I don't know, I, I guess there has, but you would think Joe Frazier, Muhammad Ali, their first fight. But it was a very exciting time. Well, Yeah. And just people being, I, I guess, yeah, sometimes our systems aren't ready to handle the amount of excitement that's going on, you know, like I think like, yeah, maybe people just couldn't even handle so much joy.


You think, like, you think it was that people were just so excited They had heart attacks. I mean, they just had, I guess they do it maybe Super Bowls or something. Oh, people have heart attacks eating a thick soup, you know, so it's like, I'm not surprised that something so awesome like that would make your heart be like, yeah, I'm out. Yeah. But I never hear of it, you know, anymore. I'm sure it happens. Just that one. But we had an exciting event the other night with Elon, Elon Musk, and me. Oh, I listened. We had a pretty big audience for that one. I can tell You was, yeah. I listened for probably about like 20 minutes. I thought it was cool. It was, I, I think the tough part was just like the, just like, it would've been neat if you guys could have been in the same spot, you know?


But I still thought it was Exceptional. Yeah, I heard, I heard the audio was great. And actually they put out a clear tape of it 'cause they had clear tape. Oh, nice. They had so many millions and millions of people watching, like record numbers of people. And I'm trying to figure out, we're on a cell phone or I was, and you know, that's a lot of people coming into a cell phone one way or the other. Yeah. But I heard some people had a problem with the audio. I don't know. I don't do that thing, you know, that was done and, and we had a great conversation. It was for two hours and 15 minutes. They just put out a clear tape of it. A perfect tape of it. But yeah, I'll have to go back and listen to it. I sounded, I think I sounded, somebody said your voice was distorted or something and, and you know, I guess it happens.


Look, it was such a big thing, such a big audience. But I would've, I would've loved to have seen the clear tape originally. They put it out right after the show. So now it's a clear tape where a perfect tape done there. Yeah. But when it goes through different phone systems and everything else, you think if we were together, that doesn't happen then. 'cause I think his voice was more clear than That. Yeah. Maybe. 'cause he was the one who, who was like initiating the call. I'm not sure. Yeah. I'm not sure about how, how all that works. But yeah, I know that in post, a lot of times they can tighten things up and make it better, you know? Yeah. I, yeah. It's amazing how Elon, like the cost to have really have your own voice in the world Yeah. Is $44 billion, basically.


Yeah. Well, If you wanna have your voice, like, you know what I'm saying? He has his own, like, he has his own channel And he does what he wants to do. Yeah. and he iss a fantastic guy. and he is a brilliant person. And the country should be very proud of him, actually. I have truth, which is been very successful. True social you mean? True social. Yeah. And that's been very successful in getting my voice out. Well, I needed a voice. 'cause you know, I was on Twitter and I was on Instagram, I was on all of it, and I was on Facebook. And when you added it up, I had, I, I was told by Zuckerberg and others, it was like record setting type of numbers.


And then one day I didn't have anything because they canceled. I mean, they canceled. There's Such a collusion there, right? Yeah. It, it was, it was a pretty bad thing. And so I had nothing. So after about a month, you know, I have a lot of things to say. And after about a month, I said, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna just go out and put out an old public relations statement. You, you remember that? And although you're a little young, just here, but in the old days, you'd put out a statement and I did. And it was just gobbled up. It was really gobbled up and I opened truth. And truth has become terrific actually for me. Good Platform. I really want, just as a platform. I mean, it's more important than anything else. And, well, At least you have your voice, then you could say what you wanna Say. Well, gave me my voice back. Yeah.


Yeah. I had hundreds of millions of people. Even now, I haven't been too active on X, but I have I guess 90 some odd million people on it. And, but I was much higher than that when I was actually, it's Almost all the people. I don't even how many people there are. Yeah. It's, I mean, it's been, but I, I love the job he's done and he is brought a certain voice back into, into play. Yeah. The previous people were terrible. Terrible. Yeah. Every time you do a thing, you'd be red flagged. They'd put up a red flag. Oh, every statement you made, you'd be red flagged. Yeah. They just, it's almost like, yeah. It's like when you have a babysitter and they don't wanna have any fun or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Right. That's kind of the vibe I got when you Yeah.


I see. Yeah. 'cause I see you at the, at the fights. I see you sometimes you'll sit right by Dana. And sometimes I'll sit Yeah. Like m I'll go with like David Spade sometimes as a close friend of mine. Oh good. And yeah, I'll see you coming with Kid Rock and Yeah. And you don't drink at the fights, you know, by The way, kid, no Kid Rock is, he's terrific. He came to the convention. He knocked him, he knocked everybody out. He was Fanta. He's a great guy. He's just a great guy. He's, he's popular. Very popular. Oh, he's so, he's definitely, he's a real dirt serpent too, dude. He's a freaking legend, you know. No, he's, he's a legend. He's he is a legend. Yeah. I guess in a true sense. Oh, a hundred percent. People love him. Dude, look at him. I went to his show not long ago somewhere.


And people, I think some guy had a heart attack there too. But it was like, it was funnel cake related, I think, type of vibes. He draws big crowds, actually. It's amazing. I saw one, he was out someplace recently had 80,000 people. He's, he's big stuff, but he's really forget about that. I call him Bob. you know his name Bob, right? It's Bob Kid Rock. But it's Bob. But he's a really good guy and cool. Yeah. I've been over his house Bunch. He's a cool cat, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. I, I mean, I, I live in Nashville, right When I got in, in in town, he, yeah. He hit me up one night and was like, Hey man, I'm having a, a birthday party this weekend. You should come. And I didn't even know him, you know? Right. And it was nice of him.


And since then, we've done a lot of fun stuff together. That's been, his brother's missing a leg too, Which is crazy. Yeah. His brother, He looks like the lamp. Have you ever seen that movie, the Lamp, like from like Christmas story or whatever? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. But he's fantastic. The family, the father I knew very well. He just passed away and it was tough one. Well, You knew his dad For the brother. I did. and he was, he was fantastic. Yeah. I got to know him through knowing Bob. and he, I tell you what, it's just a fantastic family. The whole family. Yeah. No, I love Bob. He and I joke around together a lot. We've spent a lot of time together. Look at his brother right there. That's right. That dude hits Gers too. And you know what? He plays golf and he plays, well. He, he hit a perfect drive with me. He, I said, do you play? We're on the 17th hole.


I said, do you play? He goes, yes. I said, oh really? Do you want to hit a shot? and he said, okay. and he got up. Well, it was very hard for him to put the, I mean, it was really a tough situation. 'cause he has to get the ball in the ground and the tee and everything else. Nobody did it for him. and he did it. I mean, he goes to the ground and he did it gets up, he swung. And I'm a good golfer. He had a perfect shot out to the right with a little hook. Nobody knows what that means in your audience, probably, but that's like a perfect shot. And I said, that is perfect. He said, I'll do it again. I said, don't do it again. 'cause you'll never be able to hit a shot that good.


And it was really amazing. He's a, he's great. Oh yeah. And, and, and Bob really, He'll do it again too. He is a repeat love the family defender. Yeah. They're Great. They really have an amazing family. They love. Oh, Bob's great. I, I've been to parties at his house. you know, one thing that's really nice about him is I'll go do something with him, and then like a few days later, he'll send a nice note or he'll send like a photo, like a frame photo and just say, Hey man, I had a nice time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I noticed at the events, you don't drink and you don't drink or smoke. Right. I don't drink or smoke. No. You never have. No, I never have. I've, I had a great brother who taught me a lesson, don't drink, don't drink. and he said, don't smoke. He smoked and he drank. and he was great guy. He was a handsome, very handsome guy.


Is he older? He was older. Older. Quite a bit older. Yeah. And he would, he had a problem with alcohol and smoke a lot. But, you know, I tell people, no drugs, no drinking, no cigarettes. Yeah. I tell that to my kids all the time. I'd say no drugs, no drinking. No smoking. And It was tough. He, he Had, well, he'd always tell me, he'd say never. So he was, you know, really old enough that you would look up to somebody and I'd look up to him anyway. But Did, you admire him? Yeah. I, I admired a lot. So much about him. He, he had so much going. He had the look. He had, what was his name? Unbelievable personality. Like a, an incredible personality.


What was his name? Donald. His Name was Fred. Fred Trump. and he had a problem with alcohol. He got addicted to it because it's, and you know, they say alcohol is tougher than drugs to get off of. I've, I don't know if you've ever heard that. I was surpris Yeah. I'm in recovery actually. I've been in, I've been in recovery, so like most of the last 10 years From alcohol, From drugs and alcohol. Drugs. So, which, which is worse For me. Drugs is the problem. But if I have a drink, then I, it's tougher for me to prevent myself from getting it, It sets off a chain. Yeah. But is, which is harder to quit. I've heard alcohol is harder to quit than drugs. If that makes sense. I don't know. Oh yeah. I mean, I can only imagine.


'cause it's probably more readily available, More readily. Well, and it's social and you're sitting and everyone's drinking and all, every, yeah. Rarely you go to a dinner and everybody's eating like, you know, Xanaxes or something, you know, for appetizers, usually people are having like a mint, you know, a mint juul up or something. A little fancier. Negroni, I just learned about. Right. But yeah. So You have a problem with that then? Yeah. Oh Wow. I've had, and it's been in my family, my family. It's like, yeah's, can You, it's, can you stay away from it? Yeah. I've done a good job. I mean, I go, so How long have you been off? I go to recovery meetings. I've been off most recently two, a little over two years. Do you ever go back on Yeah, I've had stents where I go back on and, and, And you don't control it.


It's tough. It gets, it goes downhill pretty quick. No kidding. So You, you, you think it's gonna be easy. You Think you're controlling it. Oh, And then you're damn. Yeah. You're doing stuff. Go-kart. And racing with hookers and stuff gets bad just Not to do it. Right. Right. So then in the end, you're like, I have to not do it. Did, you see, like with your brother Did, you, could you see it or any like, could you Oh yeah, man, That's a moment. I was amazed because he, he had so much going. He had everything going. I think he probably, it happened in college at a fraternity maybe, or I don't know. It's somewhere along the line. It happened. And all of a sudden, you know, this is not unique. This is a very common story, unfortunately. But, and then the family would see it and start to notice it.


And it didn't get better. It didn't get better. I was amazed, you know, he lived for so long in bad conditions, you know, and in terms of, I was amazed that his body could hold out. It held out and it had bad moments and, but his body was unbelievably strong that it could, that it could withstand this. Yeah. It's a body, body. Just so resilient. Yeah. Do you remember the last time that you saw him or spent with him? I do. And I'm sorry to ask about it. Is it all Right? Yeah, I know it's, well, you know, the reason it's good talking about it is it might help other people. If it helps one other person, it's worth the conversation. Frank. We Talk about that stuff a lot on our, on our podcast.


Yeah. Yeah. A lot of our audience struggles or has struggled with alcoholism, addiction, intimacy disorders, all types of stuff. you know, so it's like a, nor it's pretty kind of normal conversation. But, you Know, the interesting thing is, and I tell people, so I never had a cigarette and I've never had a glass of alcohol. And my brother was incredible. He would tell me, 'cause he knew he had a problem. And he'd say, don't ever drink, don't ever smoke. He'd always add smoking because he did smoke a lot, which is, you know, not very healthy. But he'd say, don't ever drink. Don't ever drink. He'd tell me every time I said, don't ever drink. 'cause he knew he had this Yeah.


Addiction. And I never had a glass of alcohol. Never ever did I have a glass of alcohol because of him. And I would say that if I did drink, I could, you know, conceivably be the type of person happen personality that would have, yeah. Like you, that would have a problem. But I never had, and and the only thing I say to people is, if too late for the people that you're talking about. But if you don't drink, you don't miss it. I mean, I, I, I don't even think about alcohol or Right. It's not a part of your world. I don't think about cigarettes. Yeah. I don't think about any of that. If you, if you don't take drugs or if you don't have alcohol, it's real easy not to drink it. Yeah. It's when I had a friend who went to the Wharton School of Finance with me.


He was a very smart guy. Where Is it? Wharton School. That's in Philadelphia. That's at, at Penn. Oh yeah. Rocky. Right. And it's a great, great school. Great business school. And it's part of the University of Pennsylvania, the business school at university. Oh, it's nice down there. Yeah. My friend's brother went there or something. Well, he ate Near There once he, then he was smart because it's a great school. And, but this, this person that I met, he hated the taste of scotch. Hated it. Hated it. Couldn't stand it. But he insisted on having it because he wanted, he felt it was important to be able to drink. I said, no, just don't drink. He said, you know, to be successful in business, you have to sort of interact and you have to drink.


And I said, don't do it. Anyway, he became an unbelievable alcoholic. Uncontrollable alcoholic. Oh, I thought You were like, one Of the, and he best. Yeah. and he died. He was a, you know, he, but he hated the taste of scotch And he Still did it. And then he couldn't live without it. Wow. Literally. Well, I think I noticed a lot of, like, in the recovery rooms and stuff, it's a lot of people that have, they're missing something inside of them. And so they could be, they take on like, you know, they want to try and fill it up with something else. Yeah. Yeah. Do you remember the last time that you spent with your brother? I do. And he'd have periods where he'd get sick, very sick, and we thought we'd lose him, or we lost him, then he'd get better.


And that happened five or six times. I mean, well, you thought you lost him and then he got better. And it was amazing. I mean, he was, you know, certainly very strong in that sense. And I, I just tell people, it's, it's so tragic. Don't drink. Just don't drink. Yeah. And you're not gonna have a problem. Like even you, if you didn't drink, you would never happen. You probably maybe wouldn't be successful like you are, you know, it's part of your, your story. Right. It's Helped me a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause I don't know what would happen. Probably. I think it's just too risky. It is risky. What's something that you miss about him? Or like that they Yeah. Like what's something that you miss about him, Fred? Well, he was wise in a sense. I mean, think of it. He's got this problem.


And it was very important for him to convey to me not to have this problem. And I couldn't have been successful if I had that problem. Yeah. If I had that problem. And, and I think maybe I'm a personality type where I could have had the problem if I drank. But if you don't drink, you're never gonna have it. I mean, I don't miss when I see somebody light up a cigarette and just they're in heaven. I don't miss that at all. It's weird. It's so na. It's very Native American too, isn't it? Crazy bizarre. And, you know, I think it's sometimes our older brothers, they kind of like, they take the speed bumps for us, like as younger brothers, so that we don't have to, you know what I'm saying? Does that You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I, I think like my brother went through a lot of stuff so that I didn't have to go through it.


And then I get to see him and learn. Is he okay now? Yeah. He's doing great now. Yeah, he's doing great now. But it's just, it's like, yeah. That's one of the blessings I think of having an older brother is Like, well, you can learn through history too, whether, even if it's not a brother Yeah. It's by watching other people. I mean, you can see if you have a friend who's an alcoholic or even just by reading about people, you can learn. Oh Yeah. It doesn't necessarily have to be a brother. But in this case, it was very personal. It was a brother. And I learned not to drink. And I learned not to smoke cigarettes. Now, I don't know that I would've smoked cigarettes. I probably would've drank. I think, you know, there's no reason not to drink. But I had a reason because he told me, you know, just that was it. Don't do it. Yeah. Yeah. That was kind of a blessing then, huh?


Yeah. And where Did you, did they Did you guys ever do anything fun together? Like, one nice memory that you have with him? He had a great talent for flying. He was a pilot. Oh, sweet. and he loved it. and he Did you ever fly with him? I did. I flow with him. He, he was a great pilot and a very talented other pilots would come to his house to study with him, watch Him fly. And, and he was really talented at that. But ultimately he had to give that because of the alcohol. He had to give that up, which was a hard thing for him to do. But he had to give that up. Oh.


Election day is coming up on November 5th, and there's this really cool website. Send the vote.com that makes it easy to register to vote. It's nonpartisan, which means they don't care who you're voting for, they just wanna make sure you can vote. Head over to send the vote.com. They'll help you sign up, register, and even check. If you are good to go, I'll drop a link in the podcast description. Let's all get out there and cast our votes this November. Again, that is send the vote.com. S-E-N-D-T-H-E-V-O-T e.com.


AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So, buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power. So how do you compete with cost spiraling out of control? Well, it's time to upgrade to the next generation on the cloud. Oracle cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you want to do more and spend less, like Uber and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at Oracle dot com slash Theo. That's Oracle dot com slash Theo. O-R-A-C-L e.com/ Theo.


Yeah, it's crazy. That's the wildest thing to watch is people losing everything, you know? Yeah. No, they lose everything. And many, many people. And you have, in those days, it wasn't drugs. It wasn't like, don't drink, don't take drugs. I don't think drugs, I don't even know were, they're even a factor. They happened pretty long time ago, but I think in those days, I don't think were drugs a factor. You go back 25 years ago, Not like it is now. Well, certainly not like now. And Yeah. And that, that actually takes me into something else I wanted to talk about. Like alcohol, alcoholism and addiction is something that's really ramped up, even like you're saying, like in the past 20, 30 years in our country, right? Yeah. And during the opioid epidemic, they estimate that like almost 600,000 people died.


Yeah. And, and that doesn't even include the broken hearts and the deaths of families and circles of trust. All, you know, just people that lost a brother doesn't even include the actual, the, the siblings. Right. you know, and so the ripple effect of that is huge. And, and, and there's that, there's that Sackler family that pretty much got away with it. you know, they had a, a financial slap on the wrist. But we're one of the only countries that allows drug advertisements and pharmaceutical companies to advertise on television. Like, what do you think is, are things that you can do to help curtail that when you get in office? So, well, we did a great job. We had, Does that make sense or not that Question?


Yes, it does make sense. And we had committees, blue ribbon committees in certain cases, but committees that would meet, the big problem we have is, you know, fentanyl's probably the biggest opioid is bad. Opioid is bad too. Yeah. I, I think that's bad. 'cause everyone thinks, you know, in many cases they think they're going to do away with pain. And literally the time is so short. If you take it for like two weeks, you're almost addicted to it. It's incredible. When you think, Oh, the whole, yeah, all of that is horrible. But why do we allow that? The time, How Did you get, how Did you get addicted. How, how Did No, I would just do cocaine. That was really, yeah. So not just, yeah, That's, it's downing that's down and dirty, right?


Yeah. And this is, yeah, this, I mean, it was, yeah, I But you don't Anymore. No, I Don't do it anymore, man. And I'm not doing it. Is It too much, too much to handle? Some of this stuff started to get a real rattle in it too. I don't know where it, we were even getting it from in this country, but yeah, it started to make me feel like I was a mechanic or something. So The thing you go back to then is alcohol for the most part, Right? Yeah, but, well, I, what I want probably is cocaine, but I know that if I have a drink, then it'll give me, it'll like be like, okay, well I had a drink, then I can do this. Is cocaine a stronger Oh yeah. Up. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Cocaine will make You. And so you see you're way up with cocaine more than anything else you can think of. Cocaine will turn you into a damn owl homie You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It'll, you'll be, you'll be out on your own porch, you know?


Yeah. You'll, you'll be your own street lamp. You're fricking And is that a good feeling while, no, it's horrible. It's a miserable feeling. But you do it anyway. Just like the guy you were saying with the scotch. Like you Did you didn't, you knew it was bad, but you still, So it's not even good during what would be normally the good time, in other words. Oh, wow. So why would you do it? I wouldn't, that's why I don't Yeah. That's, that's terrible. But it's crazy because that's what alcoholism is. I think it's that it trumps the why. Yeah. It like, it doesn't, and it just, you don't, and you just go to, it's like, so that's why it's, they say that it's cunning, baffling and powerful. That's what they say about alcoholism. And it is, it's, it's, Which is a bigger problem in our country.


Would you say Opioids Bigger than alcohol? Oh, for sure. I think it's, that's one of the biggest problems. Like, and Compare that to fentanyl. Oh yeah. Well, that's the problem is people are making fake opioids because they can't afford real winds or they're just getting 'em off the street and then they put fentanyl in them. Yeah. Fentanyl's like laced into everything now. It's horrible. It's horrible. Yeah. They found some in a baby rattle somewhere, I think. I don't even know where that was. But one of the things I was wanted to ask you about was like, so there's like the big pharma lobbyists. Like there's 1800 big pharma lobbyists in Washington DC Right. There's only 535 total representatives or senators total.


So just the fact that there's this whole other almost drug government Yeah. That's there kind of pushing the, you know, pushing agendas and influencing things. Like how do we stop that? Man? It just seems like it's obviously killing people. Like people are dying. you know, it's like, what do we have to do that our own government won't help us? Well, you have to stop listening to lobbyists. you know, I was not a big person for lobbyists. And if they have even, even a little access to like a president or a Senator or a congressman or woman, They're snakes. They get A lot of money. Yeah. And in some cases they just take the money. They don't do anything. But you have a lot of lobbyists in Washington pushing and certainly a lot for the, for all of the things that we're talking about.


But they're winning, including alcohol. The lobbyists are winning. It feels like. Yeah. They're winning. They're making a lot of money. Absolutely. Can can you stop that? Can a, can a president stop that? Like how do we stop that? Well, One way you could stop it is to say, if you're gonna go into government, you can never be a lobbyist. In many cases, they have rules and regulations where you can't do it for four years, three years, five years, whatever. You mean be a lobbyist after you were a, an elected official. Yeah. I, I mean, you Could say, is that what you're saying? You could say that you, if you're an elected official or if you work in government, you can never be a lobbyist. You have people that work in government and they give out contracts to the military and then they leave and they work for the, for the people that they're giving out contracts to.


Right. That's exactly what happened with the Sackler family, with the drug companies. They hired people that were on the FDA to work for them so they could loophole the laws. Yeah. It's, you know, but it can, we outlaw lobbyists or we can't do that. Well, There's a whole constitutional thing there. I mean, can you make somebody never, ever go into the business if you're, if you work for government, and especially if you're giving out contracts, in other words, you're a powerful person within some industry. The navy, the army, any, you know, anything, it could be military procurement, et cetera. There's a whole thing, like the whole question as to you give out a contract and then all of a sudden you're working for the person you gave out the contract to, or the company that you gave out the contract to.


Right. It's like you're playing both sides in the net. Well, It's, and it's obviously a problem and it's a big problem. And we were doing things about it, but then we had to get down to other business. We had to solve some, we had a lot of problems with this country, A lot of problems. It's pretty clear that the establishment doesn't like you, I would say. What do you think? Well, I think the people like me. Oh yeah. The, the people were leading now in all the polls were leading. And Rasmussen just came out a little while. Rasmus a very highly, highly regarded poll. We're leaving by like leading by five points. Rasmus pole. I haven't seen that. And, and others also. And we're doing well. But I think the people liked me a lot. you know, we won and then we did. Oh, no Doubt. So we won in 2016 and then we did much better in 2020.


Much better. Got millions and millions more votes. And why Does the establishment keep trying to sink you? Like, what is it that they are so afraid of? Well, in some cases, the things we're talking about right now, they wanna sell product that I'm not interested in. They wanna have certain boats and certain chips and certain planes and certain everything bought Pharma is another one that's, you know, interesting. Or do they push back against you, you think? Yeah, I think they do. Well. Yeah. I think, I think it's pretty obvious that they do. In one way that's a positive thing politically. Because when you can show that they push back, the voters seem to like it.


But we have a lot of, a lot of popularity. We have a lot of, a lot of people that wanna see me come back and win because we had a great time. We had the greatest economy in history when I was president. We had, oh Yeah, my cousin got a boat Job numbers. Yeah. We had the best job numbers during African American, Hispanic American, if you look Asian American job numbers, women, men, everybody. We did a, we did a lot of good things. We cut, we cut taxes more than anybody else, including Ronald Reagan. We cut regulations, which created jobs. We had a great period of time. And I think the people wanted back based on what I'm seeing, the people wanted back. One thing that you did recently, we had BERNIE.


SANDERS on. Right. And interesting. And I know That's very interesting. Certainly you guys don't agree on a lot of things, but I think you both acknowledge how horribly rigged the healthcare system is against the American people. Because hospitals and insurance companies get away with hiding their prices from all of us. And literally they can charge whatever they want. you know, it's like you sign up and say, yes, I'll pay you trust the hospital. But then you get home and the bill is, it's whatever, you know, which pretty much feels like some form of extortion to me. That's what it seems like to me. It's a form. Yeah. But you had an executive order where you created a federal rule forcing hospitals and insurers to publish all their prices.


Yep. Right. So that people would be able to know, okay, if an MRI costs $600 here and it's $5,000 there, then I can go here and save myself money. Right? But that hasn't even been enforced. Like hospitals, Biden, Biden got away with it. Hospitals and insurance companies, they're not in, they're still not showing their prices. They hated it. Of course they did. And because it would, would've made it very competitive and Biden let it go. He didn't, he never enforced it. And to get that approved was a big deal. And that would've brought down the price of, of, You know, oh, so many things. Not only, you know, just care, right. Care, physical care, mental care that would've brought, brought down the, the cost of care by 50, 60%.


And Biden and Kamala didn't press it. It was a big thing to get it, but I'll be pressing it. And because I'll be pressing it be. Yeah. And because I'll be pressing it. There are some people that are vehemently against it for financial reasons, you know, for money reasons. But I'll be, Those people can go to hell, dude. That's insane. Yeah, no, they, they, you know, bad people. Especially because one of the leading causes of bankruptcy in America is medical debt. I mean, it's, wow. That's crazy. It's pretty crazy. And I don't even think I made that up either. No, It's, when you think of it, at first when you said it, I said, wow. And then I'm thinking about it. I'm saying it's really not a Wow. It's, I understand that. Yeah.


Tremendous lobby, tremendous powerful lobby. Well, yeah. 'cause it, I mean, think about what else is gonna put you in medical, like in, in that much of a debt. It's like I. Think that's, I believe that that's accurate. Who's behind, who's behind the healthcare insurance, that whole thing. Like who's behind it all? It feels like Chuck Schumer is this kind of like deviant mastermind back there somewhere. Well, he's one of the people that is hurt and he's one of the people that keeps the prices high. And he's, you know, gets a lot of contributions from the people on the other side. Yeah. And him and plenty of other people. A lot of people. It's a very powerful lobby. But wouldn't they want people, You know, the most powerful lobby, the lawyer lobby.


That's, that's the, and That feeds into that also. you know, it all feeds into it. Wait, Hold on. Just so I understand Donald, sorry. So that, that lobby is a very powerful one. Yeah. But why do those people want people to suffer though? Just so they can make money? Yeah, Absolute. That's Crazy. It really has to do with money. That's crazy. How much money do they need? You Probably set up by saying, give, this is terrible. Give. And then they eventually say, well, But can we just as a country say, Hey, how much, okay, you need $3 million. We'll give you that fuck off. Yeah. We wanna be healthy. Yeah. Like, can't we make a deal with those people? They're very tough to deal with. And they've been taken care of by drug companies and others for years. you know, you have politicians that have been for years being taken care of by people that make a lot of money and they want to keep making a lot of money.


And it is, I mean, in that case, it's not a power thing. It's a money thing. Yeah. A lot of money. What are some of the other lobbies that are out there that we don't even know about? Well, the most powerful lobby is the lawyer lobby. I would say the teacher's lobby is important or powerful sometimes really to the detriment of everybody. But the most powerful lobby is probably the lawyers who would think that. Right. But they have, they, they, that's why if you wanted to get rid of court cases and cut down litigation costs, which in this country is outta control, loser pay, it's crazy. What you do is you go loser pay. So in other words, the loser of a lawsuit has to pay for the other side, has to pay back all the money the other side spent.


You think that would solve it? Yeah, it would get rid of 75, 80% of, of the litigation. We are very litigious country. It's under, everything's under, it's all bureaucratic. It's all, it's all dirty paperwork. It's a bunch of rigmarole. Well, If that would happen, you'd get rid of a lot of it. But the lawyers are opposed to it. It will, I it probably will not happen no matter what. Because obviously the lawyers wanna Sue everybody. Can you do what would have to happen? The Supreme Court would've to vote on something to make it happen? I, I don't know. I think that it maybe would have to go before the Supreme Court, but the most powerful lobby is that lobby. And if you wanted to get rid of litigation, if you went and, you know, Europe has it, a lot of places have it in different countries where loser pays.


If you sue somebody and you lose, you have to, you have to pay the costs of the other side. Yeah, that makes sense. I think And, what happens is people don't sue. It's a tremendous difference. But this country, the lawyers are very much opposed to it in this country. It's too bad. Yeah, man. It's just pretty heartbreaking. I feel like there was a rumor that you almost had RFK Jr as a potential vice president. No. Okay. Just a rumor. Yeah. No. And did I like him? I've always liked him, but yeah, I like him too. Yeah. He's Bobby and I friends. He's a friend of mine. I've known him for years. He's a good man. Yeah. He's in there pitching. It's tough. It's a two party system and he's a third party.


you know, it's a tough thing. He can't get registered now in New York. I see New York and the Democrats have really opposed him vehemently. I haven't, but the Democrats have really opposed him. So You think he should be allowed to run everywhere? Well, the laws don't allow that. Okay. And the laws don't allow unless you have 15 or 20%, whatever it is. They don't allow you to debate. You don't have to debate. So you can't get on the stage. You can't. And the debates are very important. I mean, I had a debate with Joe Biden. Oh yeah, I Saw that. And that was a very meaningful, that was a very consequential debate to put it mildly. Well, yeah. They, they, they, they took the hand outta the puppet after that. Well, they wanted to debate. They gave me everything that I didn't want.


CNN. And then they gave me Dana Bash and Jake Tapper. Now remember this? They were very straight during that debate. I, I gave very, I gained a certain respect because Jake Tapper, who I call fake tapper, but I don't Do that. I saw 'em at Whole Foods whole time. I don't do that so much anymore. You did. But I thought they were very even-handed, if you wanna know the truth, during the debate, it was, I, I didn't feel like they like the moderat. I didn't feel like they pushed a lot of Stuff. No. Now they had certain pressure on them to be evenhanded. I think it's hard to not do that. But they were very even-handed. And it was a great debate, but a very important debate. Well, After that, it seemed like suddenly everybody had been like, oh, Biden's fine in America for like 18 months.


Like, my dad was really old when I was born. My dad was 70 when I was born. Right, right, right. So I don't like seeing senior citizens get, take advantage of. Right, right. I felt like that happened a lot when I was a kid. And so I think for me, it reflected on me. Like, it made me really angry because I was like, I know this guy's not, well, it's not fair to pretend that he's Well, yeah. It's not fair to him because he doesn't know you're pretending. you know, and it just seemed like the cruelest thing you could do. And then we're all kind of supposed to believe this thing that we know is not real. Our media is just saying this is real. And we're like, we're all just being gaslit as humans about something that's like moral. Like this is a human man. This is somebody's grandfather.


And then they just disappear. He just disappears. And suddenly it's like it was a coup. Kamala is the Yeah. Is the one that went in. What do you think happened in the back rooms there? 'cause that almost was overnight that happened. I know what happened. And you're not supposed to do that. It's not supposed to be probably Constitutional. She got no votes. He got 14 million votes. All of a sudden they're telling him to get out or they, they threatened him, But who were they when they say that? And he's an angry person? Well, I would say Schumer, Pelosi and numerous other people. The heads of the Democrat party. Yeah. And They did, they threatened him violently, I think.


and he didn't wanna get out. Remember he said, only God will get me out. Right. Only God will get Me somebody dressed up. Like God chased him outta there. Yeah. And. what happened is they, they went to him and they said, this was after the debate. Now, if he didn't have the debate, he would still be running. Running. Yeah. So they set him up. They knew they were gonna pull up that, That, I don't know. I mean, he had his debate. Maybe he wanted to, I heard he didn't. I heard, they offered me things that I would never accept and I accepted them. They said CNN, they said, Jake top tapper Dana Bash. They, they said all things that I could not take. And I accepted all of them. And you know, look, it was a good debate for me.


It wasn't a good debate for him. I think you'd still be running right now. You wouldn't have her, she was one of the most disrespected people in the whole country. She was, she was a failed vice president. She was the most, she was considered the worst vice president in the history of our country. She had no chance. you know, if you go back six weeks, they were saying how bad she was and they wanted to choose from 11 different people. Do you feel I thought that's what they were gonna have. Oh, you thought that's what they Well, that would've seemed more democratic. I think they, They were, they were, they wanted to be politically correct and they chose her. I, I feel like it would've seemed more, but I, dude, I got so angry when they sidetracked Bernie a few years ago, or, yeah, that wasn't fair.


It just Happened to Bernie twice. Yeah. You Got, you think about it. Yeah. Oh, it was crazy. Yeah. 2016, you know, 22. He just got, you know, it just wasn't cool. Like, whatever you think, it's just like, we have to be able to believe that. Well, do you like Bernie? Is he, are you friends with him or something? No, I'd met him the other day. I, I like Was that the first time? It was the first time. Were You impressed by him? I, yeah. One thing, he's, he's still sharp, right? Oh yeah. He is still sharp. He doesn't suffer from what Biden did. No, No, no, no, no. Mental dullness. Yeah. Right. I mean, mentally gone. Biden Is just, Biden is like Mentally Gone. He's, you know, he's somebody who put a merry go round in his head. I heard. But that's, you know, but they didn't plug it in. They didn't tell him. Yeah, that's probably right.


But no, one thing I like I liked about Burning Wolf. One of the things is, is the healthcare. I just feel like we spend so much money in different places. Yeah. And people are sick. And the opioid epi, I just feel like, and the lower cost of drugs, those are things that I and Did burn because I got insulin down and they took credit for it. But I got it down to $35 and I said, I hope I win because somebody's gonna take credit. It took, it takes a period of time before it kicks in statutorily. And I got it down to $35, which is a very low price. And they took credit for it, which is, you know, now I'm taking credit because I'm talking to you, you know? Well, yeah, if you did it, then you should be able to take credit For it. Well, she just, I, I just watched her performance today.


So she went out and Who? Kamala. Yeah. She lied about everything. She said this Trump tax, that Trump tax, that Trump tax. He's gonna tax this, he's gonna tax all these different things. And I'm not gonna tax them. She made it up.


Did you know that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry? And China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms. And with the additives that they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of the American Family Farms and your family's food security Moink. The business's simple moss meat comes from animals raised outdoors where a pig is free to be a pig. Hey, buddy. Their farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford. So keep American Family Farms farming by joining the Moink movement today at Moink box.com/ Theo. Sign up today and get free hot rolls in your first order. Spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Theo. Moink oink. Get Moink Moink box.com/ Theo.


you know what it is, brother and sisters baby, it's time for those Weaner uppers. Daddy, you feel me? BLUECHEW dot com. They're helping. BLUECHEW is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Ali and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost in chewable form. Sign up at BLUECHEW dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription. Within days BLUECHEW won't see entire country rock hard. They told me that that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BLUECHEW free when you use promo code Theo at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's BLUECHEW dot com promo code THEO to receive your first month free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


Look, people in politics, many of them, not all of them are really liars, but she's really a liar. She made up a series of lots of different taxes that Trump's gonna charge you on clothing, he's gonna charge you on this or that. And actually she's the one, your taxes are gonna go up by four times. And if the Trump tax cuts, 'cause they got the largest tax cuts ever, but they expire in a number of months, pretty soon she has to be able to do something about it. And she's unwilling. I I and incapable, I'll tell you what, if she's pre, she's the worst vice president ever. He's the worst president ever. A deadly combination.


And we have a country where the borders are bad, where the world is blowing up. You look at Israel, you look at Ukraine, you look at all the different things that are happening. Oh, We're, yeah, she Is. And she is no clue. And You know what I I say about her. Why don't you do it? you know, she complains about everything. She's been there for three and a half years. Why don't you do it? All you have to do is say, why don't you do it? Why didn't you fix it? You could fix it right now. Don't you know, do whatever you're doing. Yeah. And she won't talk to you and she won't talk to anybody. She won't be interviewed. She's Welcome to come on. I would love to get to talk to her. I know. She, I'm sure she'd be very exciting. I actually, you could make her exciting probably. You'd think. Yeah, I think so. Somebody said she's a good roller skater. That's what I heard. Which crazy.


That's about it. I mean, look, we're gonna wrap it up soon. Okay. Is that what you saying? Okay, done. Sorry. Speaking of, speaking of Kamala and speaking of the border, we had two border patrol agents that came on in the past two years. Right? Right. 'cause we wanted to learn about it from people that are there on the ground. And one of the things that we found out was a lot of times they keep arresting the same people because the, the, the people that are coming in illegally aren't being prosecuted. That's one of the biggest problems. They were saying, what can we do differently to make things safe at the border? It's the fact that a family can't, a father can't, you know, can't sleep at night because he doesn't know who's going through his yard or going through it.


It's just not fair. It's not what you sign up for when you're an American. What, what, what are you gonna do differently? So the borders, well, I did it. I did it. We had the best border. Oh, The wall. They should have kept it. I agree. We had The wall built. We had more gonna come beyond, long beyond what I promised. I built hundreds of miles of wall and it worked. Walls worked, you know, walls and wheels. I say it all the time and wheels. Two things. They never get obsolete. Well, they also wheels and walls. Well, they also supplied infrastructure like people don't understand. The wall also was a place where border patrol agents could go to get water, to get food to rest. Absolutely. It it provided like a shelter out there as well. It worked. They were in the middle of nowhere. They said it worked. The two, the two that I've spoken Who said it worked? Wall worked. And I was gonna do 200 miles of wall.


We had it built and we to spec, you know, to the specs, specifications of the border patrol. We were put it up and it would take three weeks to put it up. That's an additional 200 miles to fill up certain areas that you know. Yeah. When you, when you make the wall, then all of a sudden they start coming in through other areas. We had it wired and they wouldn't do it. They wouldn't put it up. And I realized they wanted open borders. Kamala wants open borders. She's gonna have open borders. We'll have 50, 60 million people because of them sick. We have over 20 million people in my opinion right now, that came into our country. Many come from prisons, jails, mental institutions, many terrorists.


Do you know that other countries now their crime raiders way down because they're sending all their criminal stuff. It's a party. They're sending all of their criminal su And who would take this? Why is this a good thing? It's a horrible, she should be ashamed. And you know, she was the border czar too. He put her in charge. She was the worst border czar in the history of the world. She's A roller skater. That's what somebody told me the other day. She's Terrible. But what are you gonna do? What's gonna happen with the border when you're back? We're Gonna seal the border. And I had it very well sealed. We had the, we had the most successful border in the history of our country. We're gonna seal the border, we're gonna finish up certain areas of the wall because they didn't do it. And we're gonna have an unbelievable border and we're gonna spend a lot of time getting the criminals out.


Look, we have murderers in our country now. Oh, I don't think people should be allowed to be in our country. If they're criminals, Well then you're gonna be very unhappy to know that we have a lot of people, hundreds of thousands of murderers. We have, we have people, drug dealers talking about drugs. It's, it's not even believable that they'll do it. So what they've done is they've allowed murderers, people in prisons, people in jails, people in mental institutions, in sanso and terrorists to pour into our country by the hundreds of thousands. And they are in our country right now. And the country that brought 'em out said, have you ever come back? We're giving you the death penalty or we're gonna kill you In Brooklyn alone. There's a huge, there's a huge building that is housing just Haitian people.


Yeah. They're just housing this wandering around Brooklyn all the time. My friends are telling Me, well, they have some, they have some rough people too. Really rough people. So you're, so when you, so if you are get reelected the border, you're gonna continue that project. Well, I, I had It done. We're gonna make sure it's safe. We had it, we had the safest border and the best border in the history of our country. And now it's a disaster. Biden, Somebody invited Biden to the border and they said he went to a Border's books dude. And I was like, that's, well, they Invited her and she went to a place that's, doesn't have a problem. you know, she's a disaster. She's, she's the worst vice president. It's the worst administration in the history of our country. She's a part of it. And she won't do an interview. She would never do an interview like this. She won't do an interview.


Love her. Yeah. I wanna learn more about her. Well, I think you should ask her to come on. Tell Baron I said thanks, man. Good. Yeah, He's a big fan. I hope to get to meet him someday. He seems like a neat kid. Yeah, He is. He's great. Is he? Yeah. And yeah, thank you for your time. I can't believe that I got to be able to sit down with you. I'm grateful to, to Dana White as well for setting this up. And yeah. And yeah, I, I just appreciate you giving me your time today. Today. Donald Trump. Thank, thank You so much. Good luck with your situation. Yes sir. You're gonna do it. You beat it right? You beat it. Good luck with it. Thank you brother. Thank you very much. Now just on For 50 years now, hip hop has been a reflection of Culture and society.


That includes stories of struggle and pain, Social injustice, Racial inequality, the Marginalization of communities. Today we confront a healthcare system that Has been rigged against all of Us. Hospitals force patients to sign contracts for services Without ever showing us actual prices, Stifling competition, Overcharging without accountability. And if we can't pay These same contracts, Allow them to take everything we own. Creating so much fear That millions and millions of Americans refuse to enter our hospital, Put in our health and our lives at stake. This is an American humanitarian crisis. We love our nurses and we need our doctors.


But hospitals and insurers Rigging a them to make profits, offer people that's in struggle is unforgivable. We Demand prices And Transparency in healthcare. How to the patients.