
I have some new tour dates to tell you about. These are new. I'm gonna let you know Colorado Springs in the Colorado, October 23rd, Casper, Wyoming, October 24th. Billings, Montana, October 25, and Missoula, Montana on October 26th. Looking forward to getting into that beautiful part of America. Also, we have shows this weekend. Las Vegas, August 30th and 31st. Then Bend, Oregon, Spokane, Portland, Vancouver, Oklahoma, City, Northern, Little, Rock, Springfield, Kansas, City, Sioux, Falls, LA, Cross.


See LA, Cross, green, Bay, Moline, Lafayette, and Beaumont, Texas. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TN, OUR. And thank you so much for supporting live comedy. And make sure you go through that link. Otherwise, you'll end up on a secondary site. And, and those aren't the prices that we are charging. Gang. Hope everybody's well today. I was touching my legs earlier. I never touch. I, I ne you know, I realize as I get older, I never touch my legs. I just, you know, I'll touch the top of 'em a little, but rarely do I just, I put my hands just along my entire leg on each one, and it just, I enjoyed it.


I, I enjoyed it. So good to be here and hope you're having a good day. I, what's going on? We just did a run of shows up through Connecticut and Maine and then out to Moncton, which is in New Brunswick, which nobody, most people didn't know existed, to be honest with you. Nothing against them. People just, nobody, nobody knew. And, and then we went out there to Halifax and just beautiful, beautiful in the summertime, that whole stretch.


And, you know, and I, and people like lob, they like lob style there. I noticed that people like Lobster. And at first, you know, you get, like, it's interesting 'cause as you go along that coast up there, it gets, you know, how people communicate about Lobster gets, it changes. I noticed that for sure. Like you're, if you're in Providence, Rhode Island, a guy will run up with a gun and be like, Hey, you want some fucking Lobster? you know? But as you get fur If, you, If you, you know, it's, it gets less aggressive and just more like into the word as you get up towards Maine, you know, they're like, Lobster, you want some Lobster?


And then bang to Bangor, Maine, like, you want some LOBs LOBs. They just keep saying like, everybody, like, I don't care. If, you say it or not, but everybody you talk to wants to talk about love. And then you get further out to New Brunwick and Halifax and they're just like, I want some love? You want? Yeah, you want some lo And it just, I, I, I, I'm amazed how just, I just, I guess I'm amazed how much people love Lobster and that it just, that it, people get, it's involved in every, you know, conversation as you go up that stretch of the country and of the nation and of the world.


And we'll put some of it up on a map so you can see where I'm talking about. But everybody, it just like, you want some Lobster there, no matter who you're talking to. They're like, yeah, we're going to have some LOBs there. you know, T Tiffany's having a baby, and so somebody's cutting up a Lobster over there. So just fascinating to witness that. And just, we were really on the up on that Lobster trail up there, but beautiful to see in the God, it's just like nature is just showing her cooter up.


There it is. That whole area is just like, God dang, mother Nature got some new tits, you feel me? It's just like that, that kind of vibe up there. So that was beautiful. We got to do that. What else went to a farmer's market yesterday? I dunno if you've been to one of those recently. There's, we get there, there's a guy like selling a mitten, you know, he had one mitten or whatever, and he's, he's trying to, he was saying like, well, If, you have, once the one hand is warm, then you put it on the other hand, I'm like, I, I just, if I'm doing mittens, dude, I'm doing both mittens.


you know, I'm not trying to be like a creep or whatever, but I just, I want to, I want to do both mittens. I don't want, you know, I don't wanna be some guy who's just swapping, putting a fuck, you know, changing his mitten onto a different hand each day or each 40 minutes or whatever. So that was like a concept. A guy had this guy, like one mitten Andy or whatever his name was, he had like a little booth and that, they just have the weirdest shit, you know, they had a guy selling secondhand tomatoes. And I'm like, dude, I, you know, I don't want, I just want Toma. I just, I want the toma, I want my own tomatoes, you know, I want tomatoes that have no mileage on them.


When I get that bitch, I don't want a bunch of old fingerprints on it or like, you know, I don't want the to tomato. I wanna, I don't wanna look at the tomato. And it, it, it remembers its old family or whatever. I just want the tomato for the first time, you know? And I feel like at farmer's markets, that's the stuff you get, you know, you get like a lot of, like, you just get like a lot of crazy stuff at farmer's markets. you know, you'll get, they had a dude with like a bunch of lamb eggs or whatever. Like he, he, he had like 11 lamb eggs. And I'm like, how do you even egg a lamb? How do you even get a egg out of a lamb?


You'll see some dude who had like, the freshest milk or whatever, it's like fresh. His milk is so, so fucking fresh, you know? and he, there's like, like the most nats dude is like, just has milk, just pouring down his fucking chest. And, and it's just like thick milk and, and If, you put your ear up to the little jug of milk, jar of milk or whatever, you can hear the cow wisp, you know, it's that fresh. You can hear like the cow just being like, this is my milk or whatever. Just real super fresh stuff over there.


They had, everything's like farm to table and like, they had farm to table tables. They had actual tables. And I was like, damn, that's, that is, that's, that is, that's farm to table, you know. And then there's like little tents where like, there's like bitches selling whispers and shit. And you're like, what? And yeah, for like $3 something, some bitch will whisper to you. So that was crazy. They had everything there. They had like, they had like paleolithic eye drops or some dude in it with a baby Bjorn with like a dachshund in it or something. And he's just giving him just fresh milk boy.


and he just, just bottle feeding a fucking dachshund some dude. And yeah, and they have like real farmers and stuff. And then they have just like, like lesbians that get up early or something that are saying that they're farmers or whatever it was. I don't know. It was just, it was a farmer's market, man, you've been there. They got carrots, they got fucking, you know, you can get your, you can get your name carved in a carrot or something. you know, Scotty was here something, 1997 or something, you know, just shit like that. They'll do that kind of shit like carrot carvings, you know, there's people, they'll fucking, there's some girl with big lips and she'll just suck ear wax right outta your skull for fucking nine bucks.


That kind of stuff, man. So that was, that, that was, yeah, that was, I guess kind of some of what's been happening. A lot of touring. Thank you to everybody that's come out recently. I'm a little tired today. I'm going to to like a wellness retreat for a few days. So I'm looking forward to that. What else? Well there's more. We'll talk about it man. We'll talk about it in just a second. I want us to get into the episode. So yeah, I feel a little all over the place, but that's okay.


you know, that's sometimes how we feel and yeah, I just, I wanted to, yeah, to just spend time today, baby. Praise God. Let's get into it. Gang baby. This is There. Is a Light. Whenever you faith stories un told come and we light shining for you, guiding your way, helping you where We can be.


Free gang baby, that is There Is, a Light by the Stone Keepers featuring David Manuel and If. you like that music or that style of music, then you like it and that's okay. What's going on? Been a, yeah, I've been a quite a time. I went to professional bull riding the other night and I've been involved in some pretty, you know, some naughty stuff, baby. you know what I'm saying?


I've done some things with some ladies that you definitely, you know, you'd cover the kids' eyes type of behavior, but I never seen any of the, the, the, I don't want to call it romance or whatever that's going on, but they just, 'cause they get these young fellas, a lot of 'em, and they put 'em on these animals' backs. And I don't know if the, if the bulls are male or female, that's the part that, you know, 'cause I'd ride a, you know, I've been on some thick things baby, but, you know, and that's hell, that's, you know, If, you don't If, you can't afford heat, baby.


That's what you gotta do, baby. you know, A thick girl baby, that's just that wiener, mitten baby. If it's winter, you know that it is what it is, baby. That's love. That's the dang lord's fricking love baby. But what was I saying? Oh yeah, but I don't, so yeah, I don't know if there's any, I guess there's no eroticism in it, but I'm sure for some of the fans there is. But watching that was fascinating. My buddy Matt West, he's been on this podcast before, him and Jess Lockwood came on and he invited me over there to PBR to watch the watch the games go on.


And it was fascinating, man. It's great If, you get to go do that or rodeo, you know, I talk about that a lot. I love those events and I'm surprised that there's not more gay men watching Rodeo. I think, you know, especially for the times when it's a male rider on a male animal, because you can't see that kind of, you know, you gotta pay a lot of money to watch some illegal shit, you know, some illegal streams probably to see some of the stuff that's, you can almost witness or imagine when you see some of these fellows, you know, just, I mean, just riding these animals, God, and it's, yeah, it's like I.


Don't know some of it. Some of it's a lot. But yeah. What else? Dude, we went to interview Donald Trump and that was crazy, bro. I'm like, we go up there and now there's like a lot of secret service getting into, it was at Bedminster Golf course, so there's a lot of secret service getting in there. So you gotta stop here and this guy kind of touches your pockets or whatever. And this guy, you know, somebody's reading your ribs or whatever, they gotta mystic out there reading your ribs. They gotta, you know, people patting you down, people patting you up, one dude's patting you up.


Oh, like, God, this guy's, you know, obviously doesn't have a wife. And so yeah, you stop, there's a couple locations you gotta stop and get frisked and pad it and Wand and Wizard it and yeah, they just ask you craziest questions, you know, like they'll be like, what's your middle name? you know? And then they'll be like, oh, does your mother fuck a lot? And you're like, what? All right. you know, they, but they're trying to, you know, see where you're at and see if you know anybody from Rush or whatever. And I had like 40 minutes from when I got there to when it was time to do the interview. So only had a limited amount of time. And I had to, you know, I had my clothes with me, I had my suit coat and I had two shirts.


I had one pair of boots, one pair of regular shoes and bathroom kit hairspray, just a, you know, you know, looked, the, looked the best that you could. And I was super nervous to get in the room. And I'm just kind of making sure, you know, the producers, Zach and Nick are there, my tour manager, Bizel is there, my right hand man. And so we were, you know, just getting everything like organized and making sure it all looks, you know, just like we normally do, making sure everything is legitimate. And, and then they had, and they had like the flags in the background.


I'm like, holy shit bro, we are, you know, we are, this is like the damn pledge of allegiance came to life, bro. It was, you know, it just felt super real at that moment. And there's like a, there was a secret service guy in kind of over, just like in one corner of the room, I believe it was. It was just a guy and I, and he was kind of by the, near the restroom and so I was like kind of afraid to go piss or whatever. 'cause I didn't want, you know, I don't know if they li if they're like listening to you piss or whatever, I don't know what their, everything that they do or whatever, you know, if he's like, thinks I'm like, you know, using pee pee or piss or whatever to do like morse code into the water or something, or you know, I, I don't know all their training or whatever.


So I'm like super scared in there. And I was, I, I, yeah, I ended up just peeing into, they had a, a cup, like a red solo cup that I brought in there with me. I peed in it and then just poured it into the toilet dude, like along the side of the toilet wall. So it would be real quiet, you know, I just, I was kind of, I think I was getting super paranoid. And then, so anyway, it starts to get, like we talk with his advisors, people start to kind of come in just to make sure everything's cool. And this room has all been like searched or whatever and you know, drug dog bomb dog sword, I think they had a sword dog come in, two dogs just came in and we were like, who the fuck are these dogs, dude, you know?


And one of 'em ate a thing of peanut butter crackers at my buddy had. But so anyway, so we're sitting there and like, you know, I'm going through like my questions and my thoughts and you know, and yeah, I was just nervous, like, you know, yeah, I was just kind of mostly, I was just nervous. I think, you know, I'd met Donald Trump before a few times at UFC and I'd met his sons enough so that, you know, right when I saw him I could say, Hey, you know, I met you with Dana White. And yeah, so he comes in and I kind of walked over after he came in 'cause he was like not in the little place where we were shooting yet.


And just like, you know, said hey, and just let him know I was thankful for his time. And, and then we sat down and, sorry if this is getting boring. I'm just trying to think. We sat down and yeah. And then, yeah, we just went through the interview, you know, and I thought one thing that was nice, I thought it was nice that he said that his son had, had, had been the plug to have me come in, you know, I know Dana White had, had obviously helped a ton and made it happen, but that he'd asked his son, is this a guy's podcast that I should do?


So I thought that was kind of neat just to know that he like, you know, checks in with his son Baron or whatever about, about different stuff, you know. So that was, that was, yeah, it was cool. It just went so fast. I only had a kind of a limited amount of time and it went so fast. And the next thing you know, we had to wrap it up and I was like, I, I, I couldn't, I, I wanted to ask like one more good question, but I didn't know what to ask. And I know that, sorry, I'm saying a lot guys. I think I'm nervous even reciting this for some reason. I think I just feel, yeah, I just feel like a lot.


I think I just feel like a lot of energy or something. I'm not sure. I feel kind of activated. I guess that's where I'm at today. So, oh, so I had one more question and I wanted to ask him. Michael Jackson used to live in one of the buildings that he owned, so I wanted to ask him about that because you know, we've been trying to learn about Michael Jackson. So yeah, that was it. And then it went pretty quick and then he had to go do something. There was some, you know, the next thing that he had to go do. And then some of the workers came up that worked at the golf course and we walked around and took some photos.


I got to meet Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared, which was pretty cool. And it's rich there, dude. They got a nice, they got a pool where all the umbrellas are nice, you know what I'm talking about? The umbrellas are nicer than, it's the kind of umbrella where they take it away when the rain comes. You ever been to somebody's place like that? Like when it rains they put the umbrellas away 'cause they don't want 'em to get messed up. And if like, well that's its job. So they had nice umbrellas. They were like probably 200 thread counter 700 and yeah.


And the umbrellas I think had a special pattern on 'em or something. This was what somebody was telling me, one of the security guys was telling me there's a special pattern on the umbrellas where birds will not defecate on that, on that umbrella if they're passing by because it's like a optical illusion or something. So I thought that that was pretty cool, man, when you got enough money or enough nice stuff or you're, you know, the birds aren't even shitting on you. You're like, damn, that's nice. you know? And that's crazy to know that just 'cause if you're poor, the bird shit on you. So that was like, that kind of blew my mind. I was like, damn, I wanna make enough money one day where the bird, where, where, you know, I'm free of these, you know, these chains of bird shit or whatever that bind us.


What else was interesting about it? I'm not trying to brag about it. I just think that some people would think that it's interesting, you know, I wanted to talk with him. I wanted to learn more about hi just his family a little bit, if I could. Yeah, I wanted to ask that Michael Jackson question, and I forgot, I wanted to ask if I thought that if he, if he thought that he had a better chance of running against Biden or Kamala and yeah. And then I just wanted to talk to him, you know, I wanted to, you know, I know he had a brother that passed away from alcoholism and I wanted to just to, to talk about that, just to learn about it a little bit and, and see what that was like, you know?


'cause I know that a lot of times we talk about that stuff on here and if people, if there's a way to talk about it with people. So, but yeah, I was super nervous. It even makes me nervous. I think even thinking about it, I, I wore like a suit coat or something and that made me, you know, that just makes you fucking nervous. You, you know, you just feel like a damn stuffed animal when you put those things on. You feel like just a little teddy bear or something, you know, you feel like you're just supposed to do, you know, like you're just supposed to get angry at your secretary or something and, and then cheat on your spouse or whatever, you know, just, you know, you just feel like you just can't handle it kind of shit.


Like those jackets kind of make me feel like that too. But I wanted to be respectful, you know, it's definitely, it's a respectful environment and I'd never gotten to talk to a president. I mean, you know, I'd gotten to say, you know, see one kind of in passing and, but it was just fascinating. So that was, yeah, that was fascinating, man. And then, oh, this was one thing that was really cool. So afterwards, there's a restaurant at the, at the golf club in Bedminster, you know, it's really, I mean it's, it's beautiful, but the grass all looks like it actually went to super cuts, you know, not like a just somebody did it with a mower.


It's like, you know, like somebody, you know, it's like the, the, the, the lawn looks like it waited in a chair for its appointment with a barber. It's just nice. And oh, and there's secret service. This is the craziest part. So there's people playing golf and then there's just secret little setups of secret service people with can, I dunno if they're cannons or whatever, you know, hand cannons or something, you know, artillery just placed in different spots. So yeah, I think you just gotta be careful where you hit, where you hit your ball hole over there. But, so there's a restaurant. So we go up there and I'm sitting and I'm eating dinner before I have to leave.


I'm getting some dinner with one of his staff members and we're sitting at a table. It's just me and him. The guy I've been communicating with, his name is Alex, nice guy, really creative guy. And then Trump comes up for dinner at some point. I didn't know this. And they play the song Proud to be an American when he comes up, right? Which is kind of, it's crazy, you know, it's a vibe. And, and, but they play it. And so the song, so everybody's standing up and kind of clapping and, and you think the song's over, right? It's a kind of a long song. And then it's like, you think it's like O over and then it's like, and I'm proud it does it one more time.


You're like, alright, let's go for this ride again. And then he sits there, he keeps at his table, he keeps the iPad with the ox chord or whatever. And so throughout the meal, he's just playing songs, you know, he played, oh, what did he play? He played some poison, I think Uns skinny bop at one point, I think, I'm trying to remember. He played, oh, during soup they played Trick Daddy, which I thought was, that was awesome. you know, I've never had soup to Trick Daddy. And then Baby Kazam a Thug and then, oh, at Dessert I that during dessert they played Smooth Criminal, which I thought was the best thing ever, bro.


So anyway, the whole thing was, it was just interesting, you know, it was like, and it all happened so fast and then I left immediately to the airport. So it just all happened so fast.


If you're like me, you're constantly thinking of ways to keep things safe around you. Especially in today's world, you know, it's risky out there. About a year and a half ago, my, my truck got broken into and, and I thought, well the next thing really is my home, my home's right, right there. It's right in front of my truck. So, so I started finding ways to keep things safe because that's what I needed. And my research led me to SimipliSafe. That's what I'm using now for over a year and a half. SimpliSafe is who I've trusted to protect my home. And the level of security and customer care has been incredible. I sleep better every night knowing that SimpliSafe 24 7 monitoring agents are standing by to protect me. And if someone tries to break in and to send emergency help when I need it most. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. when you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Theo. That's S-I-M-P-I-S-A-F e.com slash TN. HEO. There's no safe like SimipliSafe.


Today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. Yep. We all know what's going on. We all know that people are suffering from depression and people are having tough moments and sometimes they don't get through them. That's the truth. I've had friends that, that have chosen alternative routes instead of getting help. And it's heartbreaking if something's bothering you or you're just, there's a moment you're not understanding in yourself or you're feeling different, it's normal. What's not normal is not getting help. BetterHelp, that's who you can call. I'll let you know that BetterHelp, if you're thinking of starting therapy, that's who you should try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. That's right. Never skip therapy with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TN today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash Theo. and we thank BetterHelp for supporting this podcast.


Yeah, and that's what went on, man. you know, that was the interview and what else? Oh, something that great. That was, that happened recently. We got to go over Toto Vermont and go swimming. They had like a beautiful, it's like a beautiful town if you've never been there, it's really great. Even in the summer, I think it's a skiing place, but apparently the skiing, I think is like, it's like east coast skiing, whatever that means. I'm not sure what it means, but, but during the summer it's nice. They have all these like, places you can swim and cliffs and we went fishing up on this like kind of small mountaintop or this like really high hill.


Yeah. And that was pretty magical. I'd never gotten to be in that area. So that was pretty stunning to be up there and, and just be even close to where people start talking about La Lobster. Yeah. It's like, however you can say, whoever says logs the deepest is like the best person in town or whatever. It gets to be the mayor. Once you get into Maine and up there out in a, you know that Eastern Canada, it's like Lobster Lobster. Every now and then there'd be like a Mexican guy and he'd be like, Lobster and he'd be like, Hey, Lobster Dirt. He'd be like, ha ha this guy, he's doing it differently, you know?


'cause there's all, there's the old fashioned white guy who's like, Lobster and then you'd have the Mexican guy that's like, eh, Lobster, you know? And then you'd have a brother in there and be like, lost dog. Lost dog. Lost dog. Where these ho at? Lost a lost. So anyway, that's what's going on over here. You ever had a Lobster? Riley, Mau. You ever had any Lobster? I have Nice brother. And where Did you have it, is that a traditional food in your aquarium or whatever? It is not.


Okay. Okay. And where'd you have it at Buddy Bear? I had it up in Boston. Ooh. Yeah, that's where they're, fuck, they'll punch the fucking Lobster to death. They, they, they, they, they fucking fist cook it. They'll be like, get it, get it. Get ow they hit it 45 times in a row, you know, that's where some girl up there will give a lob. A fricking BJ wearing a, a Kevin Eulo jersey or something, you know, or a Dustin Padro jersey and she's up there, BJ in a lob. Was it good up there, buddy?


It was Nice, man. What's been keeping you busy, Riley now? You know, just, just working. Oh yeah. Yeah. And you're feeling good. How's your health and your body and everything Really good. Really good. And how do you know if you're healthy? What signs do you get from your body? You know, just, if I feel good, then I feel good. Alrighty. Anything new in the Dayton world? Kinda, Yeah. What you got your little squirrel buddy? What happened?


Well, back in March I had a little, little incident with a, with the girl. You had an incident And was, you mean like, was cops involved or it was, No, it was more, I met her at a bar and then went home with her that night. Whoa. Whoa bro. And where was the Lord brother? That's what I want to know. He, he was up there. Wow. Okay. Bet man. Alright, we'll come back. I want, I wanna talk to you about it in just a minute, man. I wanna take a couple of calls. I wanna look through a little bit of news here.


What happened? I see, oh, Trump brought out RFK Jr in Arizona. you know, we got to have BERNIE SANDERS and Donald Trump. Come on. you know, I, I loved BERNIE SANDERS. I, I felt like he got really just screwed over by his party. I thought that that was really messed up. I'd always hoped that they would've had a Trump and Sanders ticket. I thought that that would've been interesting. you know, I know people don't like politics and, and, and stuff, and I'm not, I'm not, I I don't really care who people support, you know, I think it's good to vote for sure. I sometimes wonder what our vote means anymore.


But, but that's out of our control right now. You just do the best you can and you go vote. That's what I feel like, or for me, you know, I'm not telling anybody to do, you do whatever you want. But I thought this was interesting though. Oh, because I always thought it would be interesting If you had like, whoever didn't win the presidency should be the vice president. That way you still, you have to have like a, not an enemy, but somebody who has different views in your same thing. So that you guys have to like, negotiate and figure out the best thing for everyone.


you know, that's something that I always kind of wished that that's the way that things were. you know, so like if a Republican won, then the Democratic nominee was the vice president and if the Democratic won, then the Republican nominee was the vice president. I always thought that that would be interesting. 'cause then it creates constant constantly where it would seem like you're having to work together to get a solution on different topics and stuff. But I'm novice and things like that. I don't know. But yeah, getting to meet with Bernie was amazing as well. I'll talk more about that next week.


What else was I thinking? Oh, but Trump bought out RFK Jr. you know, and I love Bobby Kennedy. you know, he and I have been friends for years. He is, people can think whatever. He's an awesome guy. you know, he is just a good guy. He is a, he's, I I feel like he's just dedicated. He cares. He is smart. And I think he wants wellness for people. And so that's why I think it was pretty fascinating that, that Trump offered him a spot. If, if he gets the election and the Democrats kind of shot themselves in the, in the wiener or the trans wiener or whatever. People have to have, and I'm not claiming anybody has anything, but because they should have, you know, they didn't really make it, they made it so hard on Bobby to get on the ballots that he didn't really have AdChoices except to kind of join a side with ho with the hopes and the promise.


It seems like that he will get to be in charge of, or spearhead the things that he cares about most, which are people's health. And getting like, big pharma out of, out of our bodies, you know, and out of our influence and everything, I guess. I don't know. I'm rambling. I'm gonna get off politics now because people have different thoughts about it. But anyway, I just thought that, that, that, that was interesting. It's funny 'cause it seems like Trump is just being different, you know, even when you saw, like, when he brought out Bobby Kennedy, like it was just more, it's felt more thoughtful than he had like, spoken in the past.


You know? I, I don't know, just seemed kind of interesting. But that, but I thought that that was, that that's super, that that Bobby has a chance to get a job, or not a job, but a because he doesn't need a job, but, but that he has a chance to get, like, to do what he really cares about. I thought that that was pretty super. So, and then people, you know, you know, people say, oh, well Trump, you know, people often refer to Trump as like a shady businessman. But it's funny because politics now, it's not like who's the best person or anything anymore, really.


Politics, the whole thing is a shady business. It's a dirty fucking business that's compromised at every corner. It's not about who's the best. It's, it's, it's about the, it's so you need a dog in there. I think that's one thing I'm realizing you need a dog in there. 'cause yeah, politics is just a dirty business, so yeah, you don't, you don't, you don't hire a peacekeeper to do a thug's job. I know that. So anyway, what else happened? There's a US pilot that says here, who took magic mushrooms and tried to cut the engines while they were in, in midair, I guess.


Oh, this is pretty interesting. An Alaskan Airlines pilot who attempted to shut off the engines of a passenger plane, mid-flight after ingesting magic mushrooms said his actions were unfathomable. And some of his first public remarks after he was indicted on 83 counts of reckless endangerment. Wow. Unless he was listening to that song. I just won't wanna fly by Sugar Ray. If he played that while he did it. That's kind of a vibe. I don't know. I've never been a pilot on drugs. What else? The Taliban says he wants people to visit Afghanistan. I'm good.


No, you know, I'm good. And yeah, that's what we got, man. We're gonna get to some calls here in just a second and then we'll check back in with Riley Andm and see what's going on, baby. And seeing if that little bust Guppy has some, if he's been churning that Buttar baby, you know what I'm saying? If he's been buttering that Lobster, we'll be right back, man.


When I put my Tommy Johns on, I feel good, feel comfortable. I feel it almost feels just almost athletically emotional in a way I feel calm and capable. That's what Tommy John does for me. Tommy John fabrics can keep you two to three times cooler and then dry four to five times faster than regular cotton. That's right. That's what Tommy John can do for you. Tommy John is different from other men's underwear that I've worn because it feels a little, I guess a little more kind of designer, more like it cares that it's comfortable. No questions with Tommy. John. God, it's comfortable and it's warm and cool. It's, it's kind of whatever you need it to be. And they have different layers. You can kind of put it together yourself, man. Make your body mean something to you, God. And when you show up in that bed, if it's just you or if it's somebody else, God, you look good. Shop Tommy John right now for huge summer savings. Get 25% off your first order at Tommy John dot com slash Theo. Save 25% at Tommy John dot com slash Theo. See the site for details.


you know, when I started podcasting online, the furthest thing from my mind was having a shop. you know, we have a shop online where we sell different shirts and merchandise from, from that relates to the podcast. And in the beginning we sold one shirt and we sold it out of a basement near Akron, Ohio. And there was some alcohol issues or whatever, and then we, we had to change speed. And now years later, we've evolved into a full blown store. And I can give a lot of that. Thanks to Shopify Shopify from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage all the way to the, did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Roth's, and Brooklinen. Because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Theo. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash THEO now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in. Shopify dot com slash Theo.


All right, let's take a couple calls here. And as always, the Hotline is 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. Yeah. And sorry, I'm all over the place today guys. I'm, it's it. Last week was just, it was crazy, man. you know, it was crazy. And yeah, everything's good. I'm just looking forward to having a break. So here we go. Hi, Theo, I'm calling from Nashville slash Franklin, Tennessee Nashville, Tennessee baby, beautiful area, small city, big town.


Can't cheat on your wife. Not that kind of place. Somebody will know. Onward. I have a little like story slash issue I wanted to get your thoughts on. I have a friend who has been dating this guy for three months and she already doesn't have like a whole lot of security, not a whole lot of money. And now she's just revealed to me that this guy is, he is homeless. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on that. Yeah, well guys are homeless.


you know, there's guys, sometimes you see 'em and they don't, they don't have a home around them, you know, and that's the guys we're talking about. And yeah, I think, look, first of all, if she's dating a homeless guy and she's probably, they're, I'm guessing they're probably making love. If they've been dating for three months, then you know, a vagina is just a little home bro. you know what I'm saying? It's a just a studio apartment for you, Wayne or baby. And so it's a start, you know, so it may not have the square footage that he's looking for, but I think it's a start.


And so I'm just glad to see that. I mean, nothing will make that dude want to get a home more probably. You know? I mean, definitely I, dude, I touch a nice tit, I wanna make sure, you know, I wanna buy a damn Jeep Cherokee or something. I, you know, you want to get, you wanna get something, you know, it makes you want to, you know, keep trying. So praise God to that. And I'm glad that she's out there servicing those boys. you know, I see some homeless guys, a lot of times I give 'em a dollar, but I'd love to give 'em, you know, half a can of or something, you know, that they could, you know, that they, you know, that they'd really enjoy or something.


They should have a dang can. So you could just, you know, you know, crack open a can and give it to, you know, big Samuel or whoever, you know, whoever's over who's over there just, you know, just nibbling on his own sweater and hoping God sees him, you know? Praise God, baby. Let's take another call here. Hey, for you, first time caller to this podcast or any podcast, Thank you for the call brother. And as always, the Hotline is 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3 onward. I wanted to call in and say, I thought you did a really good job with the BERNIE SANDERS interview.


I thought your questions were well prepared and smart. I thought that you raised sort of good counterpoints to some of Bernie's ideas that I feel like, you know, people might want to hear addressed overall. Just a really strong interview. Thanks for doing it. Thank you, man. Yeah, I appreciate it, dude. I was so excited. I mean, I was, yeah, I, I, yeah, I'll talk about that, that a little more next week about what the exact experience was like. But yeah, I, I was just, yeah, it was crazy, you know? 'cause here's a figure that I thought was really neat and, you know, I admire some of his policies and I, you know, and some people can say, well, these guys are all shills for this.


And, and I don't know about all that. you know, I know that politics is very dirty and I know that even these men will say that democracy is, it's money based, so it's bought and paid for. I mean, you know, but I, yeah, I liked, I, well, I, some stuff that I learned from talking with Bernie, I was able to ask Trump about, you know, so it really helped me. But I like I. I just like his vitol. It just, you know, I like seeing a, you know, my dad was really old when I was a kid, so that's my reference for, I mean, Bernie, you know, Bernie's the age, how old is BERNIE?


SANDERS Riley? He is 82. He's 82. Yeah. So when I was 12, my father was 82. So I see 'em, you know, just like, you know, I think there's, I, I don't know, I I, there's something about, I I, I don't know, I can't explain it exactly, but, so to see those men still, you know, going and doing things and having determination and for things that they believe in, you know, and then, and then I choose to believe that they believe in them. And yeah, I don't know. I, I, there's something about it that that's a, that that's awesome to me.


So, yeah. Thank you, bro. It was definitely it. What was that like? It was so sad. He just, I'll talk about it next week. I'll talk about it next week, man. Next Tuesday's episode. I'll talk about it a little bit. But yeah, I just, I can't even believe it, you know? I got to see these folks and, and have 'em come on and, and yeah. And you know, the simple fact about the healthcare, it's just, it's, it's sick. It, there's a huge, it's a huge scam. And everybody, we're all just living in this scam and our politicians aren't protecting us. It's, it's unbelievable. So that shit gets me activated, bro. you know, when people are sick and you take advantage, just, I just, but thank you, bro.


Not trying to get into policy or, you know, I don't know about policy. What else? Let's do one, here we go. Hey, the, this is Richard Aton from Mississippi. Hey Richard from Mississippi. Brother. Welcome brother. A long time fan. First time caller and I, I just had a thought yesterday. I was, you know, I was on the lake, I was surfing, having a good old time, and we're, we're driving by and I see this woman on this pontoon boat, and I, I'm telling you, she may be weighed a buck 50, but those breaths probably took up 125 pounds of it, son, God.


And, and I looked at her and I didn't even get aroused per se. I just thought, I was like, man, you need to get on my credit score. you know, you ever seen a, a woman that's so beautiful a rack's so nice, whether it be a man, a woman, or hell, if you're into a maybe a damn animal that just, you know, makes you wanna feel like you gotta better yourself and, and seek opportunities in life like some that makes you know that you wanna go for that promotion. Amen, man. Yeah. Thank you for calling, especially from out on the water. And yeah, I was just say, I was just, we're just talking about this. We're just talking about, you know, something that just keeps you in the game. you know, Riley, what were we, what were we just saying about, I was just, you know what I'm talking about correlating something with this guy's call.


What? I'm not sure. Alright. Shit, I can't remember. But yeah, dude, sometimes you see a one, sometimes you see like that some girl had that dang mount chest Moore. She'll just have a, she'll have damn four presidents and two tits, you know, and you're like, God, you know, for those about to rock, we salute you. It's just, that's a thing, boy, she'll have those fucking peanut butter falcons on her baby. God baby, she'll have those fucking land bears. you know what I'm talking about? Those just, just huddled up in Herber Nation, baby them things just staying warm for winter, boy, she'll have them fucking milk Lobster, God, baby.


And you just wanna fucking baptize a mule in the, in the milk of those things, brother. You just wanna fucking Walsh a little. Just wash a little man's ass with that, with the beautiful splash that comes out of those bad dogs. God. All right. Sorry, I'm falling apart here, but everybody's okay, let's take another call here. Hey Theo, this is John from Kansas City. Hey John, thank you for calling. And I got a question for you. So my dad is currently, you know, doing that, that, that powder, and he's been doing it for a while now.


And I, he'll get these episodes where he is just angry and I don't know what to do about it. So I've always, I just want to try to figure out how to help him get back to normal, get back to being the dad that I remember. 'cause it's scary. But anyways, I just wanted to see your thoughts about it. See If you could maybe, you know, gimme some insights on what I should do. Gang, man, thanks for calling, dude. Yeah, I'm sorry that your dad's going through that. you know, I don't know if he's an addict or if it's just something that he's doing for fun, but obviously it, it is affecting you, I think.


Yeah, I mean, maybe just try to sit and talk with him and say, Hey dad, I feel like, you know, don't accuse him, but say, Hey, you know what, maybe I feel like this is something that's going on. you know? Do you feel like that's something you want to be doing? Or do you feel like it's a problem? you know, I, I don't know. You know, the only things, the only way that I had have had success is through 12 step recovery. That's the only way I've had success. And, you know, I've had some relapses, but that's the main way that I've found sobriety in my life.


And, you know, they have Na, narcotics Anonymous for drug use, and there's probably even a ca for cocaine use. There is. So, I don't know, maybe you could offer to go to a meeting with him. Maybe you could go to a meeting and ask some people there if they had any suggestions. But yeah, just let him, let him know that you care, you know, and then, you know, you could even ask him if he doesn't wanna talk about it, you could ask him, Hey, is it okay to ask you about it again, you know, in a few weeks or something.


Is it okay if I check back in with you about this? Because even then you're opening a little bit if he, if he's willing to say yes, you're opening a little bit of a door, you know? 'cause people have to be willing to get help for themselves. I think, and I'm not preaching, this is just some of my own experience and things that I've seen, we have to be willing to get help for ourselves. But sometimes I'll notice, like if, like, if like I, I have a friend that's used that trick on me before, and it's a trick really, but it's not really, you know, you know, he'd ask me about something if I was having a problem with something.


He's, he's like, do you wanna talk about it? I'd be like, I, don't wanna, you know, I don't wanna talk about, but then he'd be like, Hey, is it okay if I talk to you about it again? If I ask you about it again sometime, can I check back in with you about it again in a few weeks? I wanna make sure you're okay. And by saying, and I would agree to that, and by agreeing to that, I'm, it's, it's slowly making me a little bit willing to hear something different, right? 'cause that's all you're, that's all you, you're that an addict needs is willingness. They, they just have to get a little willing and then willingness will grow, right? So sometimes that's a way you that, that you can maybe, you know, I'm not trying to trick your dad, but it's also a way where you can create a way, Hey, I'm gonna check back in about this.


And then when you do check back out in with an addict, it reminds them, oh, this person cares. And, and connection is the, is the, is really the, is one of the biggest remedies for addiction, is connection. So anyway, I'm not sure if some of that makes sense, but you want to get a little bit of willingness outta somebody. So sometimes If you get a no, it's like, Hey, can I check back in with you about it? But I'm sorry you're going through that man, and I'm happy that you care about your dad. And, and I bet he's not happy about it, you know, and he probably doesn't know where to start.


But yeah, it's, you know, people have to wanna help themselves. But sometimes we can, we can help plant a little bit of seed of willingness by creating some patience and a chance for a little bit of mild accountability in the sense like, Hey, can I check back in with you? So anyway, man, I love you brother, and hang in there and holler, man. I, I'm gonna, I'm coming to Kansas, City and If, you wanna bring your dad out to a show? I'm happy to get you guys some tickets. We don't have to say anything about this, but that'd be my treat, man. Let's see if we can get one more call.


Hey Theo, this is Alex from Little Wisconsin. Hey Alex. From up there in Wisconsin brother and glad you're here with us today, brother Onward. I called, here was some good news today. Today at the date of this call, at this exact time, my mother is 100% cancer free. She said, she texted me, she said she rang the hell outta that bell. So That's, I thought I should just, Let's go baby. I gang dog.


Congratulations man. Wow. I can hear the relief in your voice, man. I'm gonna play it again. I want to hear it again Today. At the date of this call, at this exact time, my mother is 100% cancer free. She said, she texted me, she said she rang the hell outta that bell. So Let's go. That's, I thought I should just bless your day. Some good news just as I was. And yeah man, I just want to say I listen to your podcast every day at work. Get me through it, ma'am. I appreciates what you do.


Me and my girlfriend are gonna see you at green Bay come in green Bay. Oh yeah. And yeah, she surprised me with tickets, which I was very grateful for. She's amazing. Oh, well, praise God, baby gang, gang, Gang, gang. Wow, dude. That's awesome, man. Wow. Sound like you got really two really great women in your life, man. It sounds like you choose Well, man, that's so cool, man. Yeah. This, I can't even imagine, God. Yeah, the peace y'all must be able to feel for a little bit, you know, we don't know sometimes the stresses that are going on in the back of our man, it's like, Yeah, one day a friend called me and he, he said, man, I'm finally getting in a recovery, you know, or in a rehab.


And man, I just suddenly just started kind of breaking down. I didn't realize that that a part of me, it was almost like having a browser window that was open on your computer, you know, but that you're not on the page had just been running, you know, or just, you know, worrying, you know, the same things that we all have, you know, just part of me had been in, you know, invested there and to get, to have some peace there, you know, just to feel a little bit of like hope, you know, a little bit of hope for relief and a little bit of relief. So that's beautiful baby gang son. Let's go boy.


B nine, homie. If I'm playing bingo, they call him B nine. I think benign means that mean the tumor's. Okay, ri Yes. You sure? Or you just, you think, you think, I think, Alright, all good brother. I think it is. And no judgment, man. It's, who knows? Alex's mom baby. She's off that chio baby. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. That's cool, man.


Thank you for sharing that, bro. Yeah, when you share that, it just puts something in me, you know, makes my eyes get up, makes my eyes create a little bit of weather in them, you know? And that's all right, daddy. And that's all right. I got these transformer shades on today. Hair's doing good. Let me see what's up. Hair's doing good. I'm fucking thug Amish today. Dog You. know what I'm saying? Where the butter at? Babies gang, dog. Let's raise a barn, homie. I'm about to raise a barn in my pants, dog. you know what I'm saying? 'cause we seeing BB big teets out on the water and cancer free on the land.


Baby M let's get into it, man. So what's going on? You had some romance or te take me on a, so you said you met a girl and where'd you meet her, you said? I met her at a bar. Oh, okay. And Did, you just meet her point blank or you at arranged to see her? No, I just met her there. Mm. And Did, you make eye contact or what was, was she wearing anything? Was she eating anything? Yeah, she was wearing a dress and eating wings. Ooh, Damn boy. And you said, damn baby, I know what'll go with them. Wings, baby. This little banana pep, huh?


And so what happened then? Did, you approach her Did, you bring her some of those little wet napkins. What happened? Yeah, there was an open chair next to her. So I, I sat right next to her. Wow. Wow. And Did, you have a wing Did? you I did. Okay. Okay. So now you guys have something in common. You both are enjoying a wing, and then I guess what occurred from there? 'cause it sounds like things escalated. Yeah, we just kept talking for, for about an hour. And then she wanted to Hold on a second. If, you had to use four words to describe this woman.


'cause we want to get a visual picture. Four words, right? Let's See. And all of 'em don't have to be the most positive. They can just be general words. Some of 'em obviously should be positive. 'cause she's a, she seems like a special, or seems she seems like a neat girl. Yeah, blonde. Okay. Cute female. And That's all right. That's good. That's good. Three's good, man. You have one more in here? What do you think?


Nope. All right. All right. Put that one down actually. Okay, man. So, blonde, female. What was the third one? All right, what else happened? Man, so Jesus. Yeah, so I, I was talking to her for about an hour. She wanted to get in my car and leave. No. Now did she say it or you said it? She said it. And. what did she say? She, she said something like, Hey Did, you drive? And I said, yeah, good answer.


And she was like, cool. You wanna, you wanna leave? And where'd y'all go? Back to my house. No. And now Riley at this point, you've nev, you still in, in your ejaculatory promissory note with the Lord is still intact, right? Correct. Okay. So your, you've never ejaculated. You have a woman now at your house, right? When you bring her inside, what do you do? Are you playing any music or anything? No. No. It was, it was all quiet. No, You're a fucking, you're one of those silent guys, bro.


Put a song on, dude. But that's okay. That's okay, man. And so what happens? And you, you guys come in the house, where do you sit down at? Well, we didn't, we didn't sit down yet. You didn't sit down yet, so you walk in. Yep. And. what happens? You guys Just started kissing? No. And was she, how was she taller than you? A little, A little bit. So Did, you have to go up on the feet, up on the toes a little to kiss her A little. That's okay, man. That's fine. That's a lot of, that's gravity. People, you know, in space, everybody's the same height.


That's what something that's, you know, so who even knows what's happening? But, okay, so you got, you guys are smooching in the living room and we, the roommates, They were both gone. Wow. And, And so then after that we just went upstairs to my bedroom. No. Wow. And now were you starting to get nervous or how were you feeling? Man, it's gotta be crazy for you, right? Yeah, no, I was, I was pretty nervous. And were you wearing, what were you wearing? Shorts or pants?


Pants. Fuck Yeah. A a, a move dude. Okay. So you get upstairs every you, and then what happens? You go in your room? Yeah, go in my room. Perfect. And then what happened? And you Did, you guys lay down or you listening to any music or it's still silent? Still silent. Oh My god, bro. What? Why is it so silent? Dude? Are y'all fucking sneaking up on someone? Is it, hi. Are you guys playing? Hiding goes secret. Why is it so quiet? I, I don't know. I just didn't think of putting any music on. Do you have any pets or was there anything moving around in the distance or anything? Nope. Hmm.


Okay. What happened? Ri take us there buddy. Yeah, and then we, we just started, you know, doing a lot of things. No. You guys laid down on the bed or, or just standing up? Laid down On the bed. Okay. So you laid down on the bed. Were you closer to the wall or on the outside? I was on the outside. Wow. That's kind of a, yeah, I think sometimes you, you're supposed to be closer to the wall so that the woman doesn't feel like you're trying to like, like capture her somewhere. I read that somewhere, but, okay, so And, what now? Were you guys nude or whatever? Kind of, so she had everything off.


What? And I still had my pants on. I'm My god, is she from fricking New? Jersey or something? I don't know where she's from. And you sold your pants on? Yeah. No shirt, huh? Yeah. Wow. Like a fucking seventies actor dude. Okay. And then what starts to happen? We just kept kissing and then, I don't know, I just started doing things to her. Oh my god. Little buddy. Were you touching her body and everything? Yeah. Okay. And that was your first time ever touching a woman's body like that? Yeah.


Wow. You're going hell buddy. I'm joking man. That's a joke dude. And did she touch your body as well? Yeah. No. So what happened Did, you end up, I mean like how did it end dude, you know what I'm saying? Like Did, you end up, you know creaming that little nugget or what happened? I did. No. What Rim. Wow, It's still coming outta your nose. Sounds stuffed up actually. Wow, brother can can't believe it. Dude, you've been ying That little fricking pants pencil, huh?


God baby. You've been bing that little choy, huh? Yeah. Wow, Dude. You've been burping that little yellow muppet homie. Gang dog. Good god boy. And, what was it like Did? you let her know it was the first time? Yeah, she knew. She knew. How did she know? I think she has watched the podcast before. Oh wow. Aw man. Damn. So you really got compromised then? Yeah. Do you feel a little bit taken advantage of?


No Respect. Wow buddy. Damn boy. That 11th toe baby, that'll get you dude. That 11th toe baby. That Asian wiener baby. Praise God. Wow, that wow. Wow. And did was like, what part of her body was she Did? you have sex or no? Yes. You what? Oh my God bro. I thought you said you were waiting till you were married. Things change Not in the eyes of the Lord at home brother.


Wow. You had fricking SEX dude with a woman. Yep. Way to go man. F bro. That's crazy dude. And how many times Did you guys engage or what Did you do after Did you hug after? No, we both fell asleep. Oh God. That's romantic dude. And then what happened? Did y'all engaged in the morning again? No, that was it with her. And has she ever come back around? Nope. No.


My god brother, I can't believe she snuck in and stole that fricking batch baby stole that first picture of Kool-Aid outta mom's Christmas closet. Dude can, can't believe that. And Did you try to engage with her again, Not with her. But you've been talking to other women. Yes. And you've engaged in, you haven't engaged in sex with other women? Yeah. What bro? I feel like I don't even know you anymore. Sorry man. That's kind of guilt tripping you dude. I don't mean to be like that bro.


It's just crazy dude. I just can't believe that you've been out there just nutting all over and everything or just meeting people or whatever. Gosh. Fuck yeah. 'cause I noticed you look a little different man. You got more like I know you had some necklaces and stuff on. Do you, is it like, do you feel different? Yeah. What do you feel like I? Don't know. I just feel more alive. Hmm. Do you feel now when you're talking to a woman, like they know that you are about that You know what I'm saying? You bout that fucking that hot pocket homie. you know what I'm saying?


That you're about that fucking low smile, you know? Yeah, You do. Yeah. So you feel more of a sense of bravado. Yeah. Dang baby. Praise God. Wow. And Did, you have to pray about it or talk with your pastor about it. 'cause I know you were intent on waiting for marriage, man. No. Yeah. No, I haven't talked to them about it. Have you even emailed your pastor or whatever? Nope. You what bro? You said you were waiting for marriage and now you're out here just nutting around, you know, the town or whatever, large town and you know, now you're out here getting people to pet that baby and you didn't even email the church.


Yeah. No. Damn boy. And you've been squirreling around that young gravy homie. And dude, you, if you'd never ejaculated you, the, the clarity, the post nut clarity must have been insane, huh? Yeah, a little bit. I mean you must have just been like, what the fuck dude, I'm, I'm a little Asian guy. you know, like, it must've just like, you must've been just mind blown brother. Wow man. Congratulations man. Thank you. Congratulations dude, I don't see a lot of that. Come over here and shake my hand real quick. I just wanna shake the hand of a man that's come recently this year.


Congratulations man. Thank you. Good to see you brother. Good to see. Alright. Go back. Wow, dude. Oh, and was there anything afterwards or you just like Did, you sit in silence after, do you bow or whatever? Like what do you No, no. Did you tell your parents? Nope. Who was the first person you told? My Who did I tell? I don't remember.


Wow. Man, that's crazy brother. People are beating cancer. People are beating off Asians. People are, the world is blossoming. Our lives are blossoming. Yeah, I guess they are. I don't know. Did, you wear a condom brother. you know what I'm talking about? Or the Lord is your condom. I Did. You wore a condom? And what type of condom? Did. you get a special kind. I just got like one of those, I don't know. Regular Trojan ones.


Okay. Just the regular? Yeah, the, I think it's, I dunno if it's pleaded or whatever. I can't remember what some of them are. That's crazy, man. Did, you feel Did you feel like it was romantic at all With the first one? No. Okay. But there was a, the the second one was romantic? Yeah, that happened to be last week. Wow. And where'd you meet that girl at? I've been friends with her for, for a while. And finally you guys just took it to another level? Yeah. And is it, you guys still talking to each other?


Yeah. Okay, so there's something there. Yeah, we're still, we're still seeing each other. Damn. Yeah, dude, I can hear your nose is even stopped up with all of that. I think when there's so much in your system. Yeah. I can't believe you didn't just lose weight in your legs, bro. 'cause If you never ejaculated. That's just, God is with us here. Oh gosh. I feel like it's the day after Christmas now, man. Are you relieved that the journey's over? Somewhat? Yeah. Do you miss it? A little? A little bit, Yeah.


Yeah. There's something, it's always like, people always say it's about the journey, not the destination. And I think thinking about sex sometimes is, is exactly when you think back on after you've had sex for the first time. Sometimes it's, some of that's like that. It's like the not knowing the curiosity, the, the uncertainty, all of that is, that's really, that's where the story is. you know, the other part's, the ending and I'm not, that's sounding like I was preaching there. I was like reading out of a damn Reader's Digest or something, man. Well I'm happy for you man.


They welcome to, you know, being like a biological male or whatever they call it. And I can't believe you didn't play any music, bro. You, you bro, if you're the first bro If, you're putting on some sex or something, dude, you gotta play something romantic bro. Play some ZZ top, play some usher. Well, I didn't know about the music, but after I found out what she does as a job, I figured she would've, Does she have a specialized job? Yeah, she's a stripper. Oh, so you, so she's a dancer or evening dancer, they call 'em somewhere? Yeah. Or yeah, or sometimes they call 'em like, you know, pole babies or whatever, whatever it's called.


Candy cane pussy or whatever. I don't know what they even call it. Okay. Wow. And do you think she just came down, slurped you out because she knew about it and wanted to just get that gumption out of you? I Think so. God Damn dude. Was she Vietnamese or something? No, definitely white. Wow. And did she keep the, I'm not sure what it's called, sebum or whatever or like did she keep the the frosting? I don't even call it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Wow. The uncheckable, the Titanic has sunk. They fricking came in and fricking they fricking somebody came in and just permed that little baby corn on Riley m Yeah. And I noticed you just came in with more swagger. I see you got some jewelry on. What is all that? Yeah, just, just a couple new things I've got. Yeah, Just a couple new things I've got baby. Just a couple little, couple little ornaments on this Lobster. I love you guys man.


Thank you for supporting me and thank you for su supporting yourself. Thank you for yeah, just letting us be a part of each other's worlds, you know? I don't know what exactly we're supposed to be doing, but I feel like we're supposed to do something big. I don't, I just don't know what it is yet sometimes, but, but yeah, just hang in there, you know? And give yourself some grace, man. If you're being hard on yourself, if something's, but give yourself some grace. you know, that's something recently that I've just like, man, it's like look man, give yourself some grace Theo.


You know, you're trying, you're, you're, you know, give yourself some grace so I'm not preaching at you, I'm just kind of sharing I guess sometimes I'm just sharing things that I need to hear, but yeah, I can't believe we got to go interview some of the people we did last week and, and that was exciting and yeah, I'm just excited football's back and there's exciting things to think about and be a part of. And make sure to just be good to yourself baby. 'cause you deserve it, baby gang, gang. Riley m man. Oh, we thought that nut would never get out of you, brother.


Do you have any final words after all of that? No, That checks out brother. We'll go out the way that we came in here man with There. Is a Light right here, baby There Is a Light by Stone Keepers featuring David Manuel. Whenever Get down Out in faithless your stories told Come and we Did you make like a sound or whatever when it happened.


Finally. No, Nothing. I mean just breathing out. But Savage, where we can be free From the, The Deepest Calling you Is the Rising the I'm Secure.


Gang, gang, baby. You guys be good to yourselves, baby. You deserve it and love y'all. Praise baby.