
I have some new tour Dates to tell you about. These are new. I'm gonna let you know Colorado Springs in the Colorado, October 23rd, Casper, Wyoming, October 24th. Billings, Montana, October 25, and Missoula, Montana on October 26th. Looking forward to getting into that beautiful part of America. Also, we have shows this weekend. Las Vegas, August 30th and 31st. Then Bend. Oregon, Spokane, Portland Vancouver. Oklahoma City. Northern Little, Rock Springfield, Kansas City, Sioux, Falls, LA, Cross.


See LA, Cross, green, Bay, Moline, Lafayette, and Beaumont, Texas. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TN, OUR. And thank you so much for supporting live comedy. And make sure you go through that link. Otherwise, you'll end up on a secondary site. And, and those aren't the prices that we are charging. Gang. Today's guest is a singer songwriter out of Ireland. And, and Ireland is one of the most beautiful and complex and simple places all at the same time. A wonderful time that I had there recently.


I'm really grateful to spend time with him. I've been a fan for years and we've been in touch for years and glad to make this happen. He has had hits like Paradise and Kiss me amongst many others. I got to see him play last night here in Nashville, Tennessee. Today's guest is my friend. Dermot. Kennedy.


Kiss me the way. Oh man. Sorry. No, it's okay. I didn't mean, I meant, I meant that for me. Oh, yeah. I, I'm gonna say, yeah. Yeah. I like that you did it, Dude. Yeah. Listen, I think after like the first song last night, I was, I leaned over your, I was like, God, dude, I, I might be gay, dude. I was like, this is really awesome, man. Thank you. It felt, it felt so serious, like I was saying to you afterwards. It felt like a very serious show. When I play headline show, we've got moments that are down and somber and the moments that are fun and up. But when I do a show like that, like the Bluebird last night, it's quite, you know, it stays serious. And I haven't done that in a long time.


Yeah. And I think crowds sometimes want both, so I would worry while I'm doing it if people are kinda like, this is a lot of seriousness, you Know? Like it feels serious. Yeah. Yeah. Which it should be. I take it seriously, but it's just like I think sometimes you need relief, but I think then as well, I like having funny moments in between songs, talking to people. 'cause I don't take life very seriously, but I take the songs very seriously. Ah, yeah. Yeah, man. When you like got into the songs, you were at Bluebird Cafe last night for our listeners, and that's a small venue in Nashville and it's probably, I mean, it may seat 60. Yeah. If even, yeah. Yeah. And I mean, we were sitting, I was in the second row and I was five feet from Gabe Simon who was playing Yes.


With you accompanying you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like, I could have done a couple notes. I could have. You could have. You should have. Yeah. I could have chimed, literally, I could have chimed in. Yeah. It would've been nice. So it would've been a very welcome thing, I think. But Yeah, it was captivating, man. It was so incredible. I was like, yeah. It felt so intense in there at moments, you know, you could see everybody going through like, I mean, I was going through like, the history of like, relationships and like I felt bad. Like after one song, I was like, I gotta text this one gal. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. you know? Yeah. Well, we spend so little, you know, I think we kinda, in daily life, we go through the motions and I think, I would like to think moments like that maybe put you in a spot where you think about life and just assess things a little bit.


you know? I like, that's what it does for me. I, I don't know who I'd be without it. You know what I mean. I think sometimes in terms of the therapy and catharsis I get from it. I think I take it for granted 100%. I don't know who I'd be without that outlet. You know what I mean, and I find it difficult sometimes. It's tricky. Like last night started the show. I loved it. End of the show. I was feeling good in the middle of the show. I kind of went within myself for some reason. But yeah, I, I think I'd be a much worse person if I had all that emotion kind of bottled up, you know? Are the Irish notorious for like, struggling to show emotion or something? Or? I think there's definitely issues in terms of like men in particular.


I think in terms of not opening up to people. I think it's something that's improving constantly. But, but definitely. And I think, I mean, it's no surprise that Ireland has a rich history in the arts. 'cause that's how it comes out. You know what I mean. Yeah. Authors, actors, musicians, everything. Yeah, man, it was, it was crazy, dude. It was like I went through it all. Yeah. you know, I was sitting there, I was like, I, even I got home and I texted an ex-girlfriend. I was like, I, think I owe you a call. you know, That's a nice thing. Right? No, It was good. And, and yeah, I'm glad I Did, you know? Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of ballads there. I know. Yeah. I was thinking where you, And it's because it's, you don't have the, all the instrumental, like, I've listened to your albums. It's like you have the whole, and some of those are upbeat songs and it's different.


Yeah. But when you're playing them just right there for everybody. Totally. But even like how you frame something is so important. like, I even laughed when you were singing Kiss Me There a minute ago. Because that to me is one of the best songs I've made lyrically in terms of how it's put together. But I would, I I, if it was, if I could do it again, it would just be me and a guitar. It'd be like, last night, You know what I mean. Right? Yeah. And I think, you know, I think you frame things in a certain way for certain goals and stuff, but when I play that song by itself, I'm like, oh, it should be this way. I think it, it, it takes courage to take everything away from a song. And I, it's only recently I've kind of got that back. 'cause like I said, last night, when I would play shows like that, when I was younger, I felt so confident.


You know what I mean, because I loved that no one knew who I was. And I loved that I had something to bring to the table and people might be excited. And, and I felt like I said last night, I felt borderline kind of arrogant about it. But now when I'm doing it la I get quite nervous for last night. But if it's a like 10,000 people, I don't get nervous at all. But things like last night, I do get a bit nervous. Yeah. Yeah. Just now when you said like, it used to be nice to be a surprise. Yeah, dude, that was the best. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing I miss the most about. you know, I'm grateful for having like, people come out and people get to know you and stuff, but it was awesome when only you knew you of course, in a way. And you got to be this like, you were like, we're always your secret.


'cause you're you. Right. Of course. You, and you build up this, especially as a comedian, you build up this sort of rapport with how to interact with the world. And this surprise people are like, what? How did, what is this guy talk like that always seemed interesting to me. And then people get to know how your instrument works or it's just the, the surprise isn't there anymore and it's different. Totally. I mean, that moment, I'm sure you feel this, like, that moment where you feel like you've arrived and people know who you are and, and, and yeah. It no longer do you surprise people and so you kind of feel like you have to change or deviate from what you're doing and, and to try and keep that feeling, it's tough. I find it difficult. I know like I know for myself, like I, remember seeing a thing, an interview with Drake years ago and he was just saying that moment where people are sharing your music and kind of say, you gotta listen to this, you'll never get that back again.


No matter how successful you get. Because that's the most exciting part. I dunno. I think like for what you do, for what I do, for anyone involved in the arts, I think the work is the only thing that's exciting. It's the only thing. And of course you play big shows and you have ambition and you try and grow your career and all those things are lovely. But at the root of it, if you're not, like I always say you could be miserable playing in stadiums. Do You know what I mean? Or you could be completely content playing shows like last night. So I think it's very important to keep that. Yeah. I noticed when I have some new stuff and I'm, that is the most exciting time when I'm ready, when I'm like, wait till I get to this new part of the show. Of course. And it's gonna be fun for me and it's gonna be fun for them, you know?


Oh yeah. And I'm sure you could play to like 40,000 people and, and it can go either way. It can be completely euphoric or it can kind of feel hollow. Yeah. Either way. But it it like nothing, the work is the only thing. I think That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. And especially these days, there's so much like surrounding things that you have to do to kind of manage yourself, you know, like social media and just, I mean, specifically I guess social media probably. It's such a big world of it all. Do You get involved with that side of things? Yeah. Do you run your own stuff and all that? Yeah. No, I split it with my producers and stuff. Yeah. you know, but you know, I'm particular kind of about what we put out and like try to be sensitive or try to think, okay, this feels like me Sometimes they're like, no, this is good.


And I don't have an idea. Of course. You know? Yeah. Yeah. And so trusting other people sometimes that's with your own voice, you know? Totally. I think I find it hard sometimes. I spend way too much time worrying about how I'm perceived You know what I mean. Oh yeah. And, and I think things like social media only make that more kind of inflamed and then yeah. You just get closer to forgetting what you're actually truly about. So I try and stay away. Yeah. But It's healthy sometimes. Well, before this conversation gets any yay dude. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and no offense if it does dude. I think Irish people, No offense to me. Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Yeah. No. And it's probably me, dude. you know? I mean, look, who knows what'll happen with us.


But I think, yeah, dude, the Irish are, I couldn't believe what the Irish were. I always had an idea, you know. That wasn't your first time there though, recently wasn't. It wasn't, but it was my first time really with my eyes open, I think. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I saw you in a field with a lot of cows. Where was that? Yeah, I was down in Court County. Brilliant. Oh, you'll milk anything down there. People. Yeah. Yeah. And there's no women. This is the thing about how people are always like, oh, the girls are coming. They're gonna be here and you'll be, you'll go to the next place. you know they're coming, the losses are coming. It's a false promise Constantly. They Never come. Who made all the men? Who, how did they, what did they fall out of? Yeah, they're the ones that stuck around, I guess. I guess. I mean, here I am. They said, these are some women we met.


It was like, unbelievable dude. Actually, these are some drunken mixed fellows that we met out there. Dude, these are the blackest guys I saw in Ireland. Right here. Did, you just, were you invited to this field? No, we got there and we wanted to like just drive out into the distance. So yeah. And so we stopped at a farm and a man took us and showed us all about the dairy and, and gave us fresh milk or whatever. And Did, You drank the milk straight from the cow. We drank it straight outta it Did you really, I mean, it fell. And I don't know how old the cow was. It felt a little illegal, I'll be honest with you. I mean the, the first sip, yeah, it's normal. But If, you, you know, I had a couple sips and I'm like, You got into it. It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. He definitely peek around for the police after a bit, you know?


Yeah. But it was, yeah, it was just unbelievable. We just wanted to see the countryside. We wanted to feel something that felt normal. A farmer took us into his home and sat at his table. No way. Yeah. I'm glad you got around the country. I think a lot of people go to Dublin for two or three days and they just experienced that. But Ireland's a beautiful place and you can, you can see so much of it in like a couple hours. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's a small country, so Yeah. And you have to see it. 'cause If, you ask somebody something, you can't understand what they're saying. And so you just, you have to just believe that they're gonna be okay when you meet a lot of Irish people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They love you too. Did, you like you had good shows. Yeah. I mean I felt a lot of love and support. Yes. And it was awesome. you know, I think, and it's just such a unique culture.


Like they just, they have a good time. They know how to have a good time. Yeah. It's, they're not as overly concerned with a lot of other bullshit, like as we are in the States, you know? Definitely Not. Like if I go on tour in Australia, I feel a similar thing. People just don't take it too seriously. Yeah. It's nice you've been down there. Yeah. Oh yeah. Australia's so great, man. Yeah. A similar thing. People just, there's no bullshit. Yeah. You feel good energy from people. But I have a, a comedian friend, Mark Hayes and he's Irish. And so he's always queuing me in on just like the shame of the Irish and the Yeah. you know, the dark, you know, I guess there's a lot of shame over there. I guess there is, but also there's, I dunno, If, you heard this phrase earlier there about notions, this idea that when you start doing well at anything, you get notions.


Like, you kind of start feeling yourself a bit. And you have to be very careful of that. I think humility. Like you see Irish people who just won medals at the Olympics. They just kind of, in the interviews, they're just like, nah, no, no, I, I, I stink. They're, they're so mean to themselves. Yeah. It's terrible. But yeah, happy medium would be good. I think sometimes you kinda are constantly downplaying what you do. And I think it would be nice if people celebrated themselves a bit more, but notions is a real thing. Yeah. I know. Like people have said about me, you get to a certain point and some people just don't like you for no reason. Yeah. I could maybe see that they, because there's this more unity of us as a group. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I remember there was a thing years ago, I think it was Damien Rice told this story. There were like in a restaurant and there was Le Lobsters in a And Who was Damien Rice?


He's A brilliant musician from Ireland. Okay. He had a song called Cannonball and an album called, oh yeah. Oh, it's like a classic. and he, but he was talking about lobsters in a tank. I think it was him. I don't mean to attribute this quote to him if it's not him, but he was, apparently it was like a lobster trying to get out and, and another he was kind of like, oh, careful, it's gonna get out. And someone's like, no, they're Irish lobsters. So the other ones are like, drag it back down. Oh yeah. Apparently The shellfish here. I don't Know. Yeah. I love it. You feel massive support too, don't get me wrong. Like, oh, it was great. It's the best place in the world for doing anything. 'cause people just were so quick to celebrate our own and I love that. Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. What's that article right there? It was about an Olympian Irish rowers. Brilliant response to winning an Olympic gold medal goes viral.


It's all right. Yeah. I can't complain. In a BBC interview, following the win the pair were asked Paul o' Donovan Fenton, McCarthy, gold medal winning athletes. How does it sound? How does that sound? It's all right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't complain about it really. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't go around introducing myself. Yeah. That type of thing. Right. You wouldn't talk about it. Yeah. You did it. and he, but I love that too. 'cause we do take care of business, but don't talk about it too Much. Yeah. There's a bit more humility. Definitely. Yeah. Man, there was so much, like, there was something you said last night that I really resonated with. It was about like wishing you could slow down time or grab onto a moment a little bit more and just how like impossible it is. Yeah. And like what a fight it is.


Yeah. I'm crap at it. What about you I can like I when things are good? I dunno. I feel like I am, sometimes I feel as if I am waiting for something bad to happen. You know what I mean. Oh yeah. Like, you're almost like just sort of waiting for bad news or bad phone call or something. I dunno. Instead of just enjoying the fact that it's good right now. I feel very bad at that. And again, music puts me in a better place. But yeah, I, I feel that way. I find it very difficult to settle into a good feeling. Yeah. I think it's hard. I mean, the moment it's hard to have the moment. You used to, I've talked about this before, but you used to, with the mo, the moment used to be like a real thing because we couldn't record it all the time.


Right? Yeah. We couldn't capture it. So the moment it was like, it had so much value, the only way you were gonna learn about what had happened was through someone else, through a storyteller. So true. It promoted so much more storytelling. Yeah. It's like cameras have taken all that away from us and not all the time and not all of it, but it's definitely, it's like squashed a lot of that, you Know? Definitely. Yeah. I mean the moment If, you got to see a girl, like at school you couldn't go home and look at pictures of her. You had to imagine, oh, So you would wait till tomorrow What she was doing. And mostly in your mind, you imagine, oh, she's thinking of me, she's drawing pictures of me in the walls and everything. And then you got to school the next day and she still didn't care about you.


Yeah. Yeah. you know, or like you would see that they're online and they're not texting you. Yeah. That type of thing. Yeah. It's squashed. Yeah. Yeah. So I think like there's like stuff like that I miss. 'cause your imagination became so much more of a, it did. Its natural work. Absolutely. I think about it. Yeah. like I, that, that's my livelihood comes from my imagination. You know what I mean. That's all I have. And so yeah, you gotta be careful. I, I think what you put in is very important. Like if I read I can feel it sort of I can feel ideas start to generate. If I walk around just all day and stay just literally looking at the most boring stuff, I can feel ideas start to come. But I gotta be careful and not let it get squashed all the time. Like, what do you mean?


Like by like, get squashed By what? As in like, if I look at my phone too much, it's just sludge in my brain. Yes. Do You know what I mean? Oh yeah. And it's just bad thoughts and, and stupid stuff. And so like no good songs gonna come outta that. But also I spend so much time traveling by myself and all that kind of thing. So it, it's a, yeah, to stay creative. I find it difficult. I don't know, like I know, like we were in your car last week and you were kinda, say you taught us something and you were like, oh, I need to write that down. And it's that constantly, right? You're constantly trying to grab that thing and that moment of inspiration or something that can translate to party your show. Yeah. You notice, especially like a phrase or a thing, you're like, oh, I've never said that, or I never thought about that. After a while I notice it's like, if it makes me laugh then it might make somebody else laugh.


So I have to like, you know, 'cause at this point you have to think maybe you and your audience have some like symbiosis or whatever. We're Similar people. Yeah, yeah. Or similar. Definitely. And so, yeah, if they told you a song, if they told you a, you know, this thing you just heard or you know, you're like, oh this will probably, this will probably play. Do you base songs? Like, do you kind of start with like a nugget of a line? Definitely, yeah. I find it hard when someone's kinda like, what you wanna write about? It's like I don't know yet. like I have, I'll have a lyric in a song last night. So the first song I played is called an Evening I'll Not Forget. And I know there's a lot of lyrics in that from the best days of my life and from the worst days of my life. And they just mix together. So I struggle sometimes when someone's like, what's this song about? Or what you wanna write about?


It's everything. you know, like there'll be one lyric about like hanging out with my friends and one lyric about someone passing away and difficult things all mixed in together. But it all kind of, I think sometimes when I, and this is overly serious, but I think like the one lasting message through my music hopefully is like a hopeful thing. You know what I mean. So if a song seems down, it's never all the way down. There's always a hopeful moment. And if it's up, it just, I'm trying to lift people up a little bit. I would, I would like, if I could have a goal from people coming to my show is just, they feel a bit better about where they're at and how their life is. And not in a corny way, but just that they kind of think about things and realize that life is good a little bit. I would love that. Even a down moment in Ireland is pretty good.


Probably, I think. Yeah. Yeah. like I said, The Irish like, oh yeah, we'll take it. you know? Oh definitely. Yeah. People are good. We kind of, yeah, like I even, I dunno, I just, when I get too far from MoMA kind of miss that feeling. I dunno, there's so many people that are happy go lucky good people. I'm sure you saw tons of them, but just, yeah. So I, that's what I mean is between songs, I don't feel serious. Like we're all on inner monitors on stage and in between songs. When we're on tour, it's relentless. Like people shouting at each other and we're all just communicating on stage. It's just people like taking the piss outta me while I'm doing something. I'll like, yeah. So I'm trying to sing through all of that. Like everybody on stage will be slagging me in some way in my ears while I'm trying to say something really sincere.


And then I'll laugh and the whole crowd will kind of cheer. 'cause I look happy. Yeah. But it's really, 'cause someone's like, slagging me about something. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I, you know what? That's, I, there's, nobody likes to laugh more, I think than the Irish maybe. Really? Yeah. Like, maybe that's something that I realized. I, I was just so Yeah. People just love to fucking laugh there. It's very sarcastic. Yes. In a way that they love to rip on each other. Yeah. And it's okay. They don't take things as personally. No. you know? Yeah. In a way that sometimes I'll say something sarcastic over here and it doesn't necessarily land and people think I'm quite serious about it. So you have to be careful. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Some of the songs last night, it, it was like, yeah. A lot of 'em felt like kind of relationship based or trying to like capture a moment from a relationship or relive a relationship.


Or where does some of that energy come from? Does it just, do you feel like that that's like, been something that's been very important in your life? I mean, it's important in a lot of people's lives. Of course. Yeah. I think like I think even the relationships, you know, sometimes, like, Were you on The Bachelor or something? No, I was meant to sing on what was I meant to sing on. I was meant to sing on the Bachelorette years ago. Really? And it fell through, thank God. Yeah. I, but I was, yeah. 'cause after some of the songs I'm like, Jesus, how many got how many? No. Yeah. You think like this, Eh, a this guy's been, yeah. Like this guy's been on a lot of Dates. No, that couldn't be further from the truth. But I think sometimes I'll sing a song and it'll be from the perspective of anybody, you know, like a family member.


I, sometimes I'll just embody someone else in my life. I think it's an interesting thought, right? To think that my community say my close friends and my family at home, we all have the same feelings and emotions. It's just icing about it. Do You know what I mean? And so sometimes I feel like a mouthpiece for them. Oh yeah. you know? And that puts me in a good place because I'm not thinking about my own life all the time. So that's where all the Dates come from. I've been on very few. Yeah. It's, oh, you just, were you not, were you not a big dater growing up? Really not. Oh man. I was like, I said, well there Women There, there no people went to school with me. Okay. There, I mean, yeah. It was supply and demand. Yeah. I always, A lot of that is not your issue. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I say this, a lot of people went to school with me who have like, if they watch this would hear me speak for the first time.


Wow. Haters really. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would you hate like, the public speaking of it or something? Public And not even public speaking, but just, I just felt so awkward in school. you know, like we used to, oh yeah. We used to like go to, you know, the way you'd have your locker at school and you would get your books for the first half of the day and then get your books for the second and like, drop them off. I would walk around with every book for the whole day in my bag so I didn't have to go to the lockers for that potential interaction. I hated it, man. Yeah. Not good God. And is that a kind of a general Irish thing you think? I Don't think so. I, I dunno what it was in me, but I just felt quiet. I didn't even, nowadays I kind of feel that way. I think it's lovely. Like, I'll talk to you and I know we can talk about things and get into it, but just general socializing, I'd suck at it.


Oh yeah. And I, I, you know, you get to an age where you don't apologize for it and you don't care anymore. But when I was a kid, yeah. I hated it. Well, yeah, I got so nervous around girls. I just remember, well on the school bus I would get so ir like I would get like erections all the time, I guess 'cause of like the motor going. Of course. And they would play like music that we weren't allowed to listen to at home. It was like, kind of not sexy music, but just raid pop music or whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I would just have to like, I just would turn my whole body just like facing just, and like, Ugh. Just a constant state of arousal in school. You mean? That was just on the bus, dude, when I got to school, I think there was so much v kind of like violence and stuff at our school that it was hard to stay erect or on a lot of violence, you know?


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It A difficult thing. I can, yeah. If there's broken glass or somebody getting beaten, I can't get an erection, you know? Nor Should you. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, maybe I'm old fashioned or whatever, but it's like, yeah. I just, yeah. So, but yeah, around girls, yeah. I was always afraid. Never could ask a girl to, to a dance or anything. This one girl, man, I loved her. I think I did. Anyway, I don't know. I looked at her really hard every day and I, yeah. Finally, I just, I needed to express to her. I felt, and I saved up as much saliva in my mouth as I could one day. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And I just spit it right into her hair. Oh, Lovely. Yeah. Like a, like an animal. Just like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Every primal Thing. Yeah. It was all, it was all I knew.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You lost control. Yeah. I, I guess I lost control. I remember, dear God. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I dunno. I couldn't like it, those situations didn't even come up for me. I, I would just hide. I, I remember, I remember there was a girl that used to kind of fancy me, I guess. And it got to the point where I like stopped putting gel in my hair and stuff. 'cause I was like, I need to look scruffier for school. So no one pays attention. Wow. Weird. Right? Like, I gotta tone this down. Yeah. Too good, man. Yeah. Yeah. I can't be like This back into the moor. Yeah. Just, yeah, just hide in the corner constantly. What is a moor? Anyway, Moor is like a British thing, I guess. Oh, I thought it was a swamp. Is it? In my mind, I would think of a Misty Moore. Yeah. It's like a swamp.


Okay. In the middle of nowhere. It makes me think of Jack the Ripper. Oh Yeah. You Know? And was that you guys' guy Jack the Ripper? No, No, no, no, no. He, we don't claim Jack. Who's your most famous serial killer over it There? Well, Besides alcoholism, I'm gonna say If. you, If you look at, there's a great podcast called West Cork. And you could think it's fiction, but it's a true story now. It's not a serial killer, it's one standalone murder. There's very few things like that. But, but it's an amazing story. And it's about this lady that was killed in Cork, in West Cork out by the ocean. Horrific thing, years and years ago. But they still haven't found the person that did it. Oh. And you know how Ireland is, like, there's a lot of talk in the town about who did it.


Oh yeah. And even up until recently, the fellow that they thought did it was like selling pizzas in the market and stuff. And everyone will go just to see 'em and all that kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no, I, I mean I'm, I, I know I'm wrong, but I don't think there's many serial killers. I know here you've got classics, but Yeah. Yeah. I guess, yeah, people, it's definitely, we kill, there's a lot more we kill over here. Yeah. Who's Your favorite? My favorite serial killer? That's a great question, man. you know, there was the BTK serial killer. Who's that? He was out of Wichita, m Wichita, Kansas. And yeah, he was like an electrician.


He ran, he ran like his community church and he was just killing people. They're all like weirdly handsome as well, aren't they? Not him. Not him. Well, we've had some of the handsome was Ted Bundy, I believe was the handsome guy. you know, Dahmer was a famous one. That show was pretty great. But yeah, I guess, I don't know. I should think about that a little bit more. Who my favorite one is. Yeah. No, no. There's, there's very few things like that in Ireland. It's like a small country. Well, and you also, yeah, you would rather If, you kill somebody, they're not gonna be able to drink anymore. Yeah, true. So true. He Loves it. It's like, Hey, we gotta keep this guy alive.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. We gotta keep the pub in service, you know, Local commerce. Yeah, yeah.


You know, I love going to concerts and different debauchery where you can buy tickets online. Whether it be a sporting event or a a swimming thing, or a eating contest, whatever it is. Gametime can help Gametime, it's a ticketing app and they have a new feature called Gametime Picks that makes getting tickets for concerts and events even easier. That's right. Gametime picks. Filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste your time searching through thousands of tickets. Gametime offers all in pricing. Toggling. This feature shows the total upfront with no surprise fees at checkout as well. You can get seat views, get a panoramic view from your seat in the app before you buy. Take the guesswork out of buying concert tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. create an account and use code WEEKEND for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. create an account and redeem code weekend. W-E-E-K-E-N-D for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute deals, lowest price guaranteed.


you know, there's some things in life that are okay to be a total crap shoot. Like trying a new type of milk. Sometimes you see this say, oh, Debbie's milk or Randy's milk, and you try it. you know, sometimes it's rolling the dice on a new workout class and seeing If you like it or mixing it up with a new takeout spot. Maybe Chinese, maybe Korean. But finding the right doctor shouldn't be a total crapshoot. And with ZocDoc it's not because you've got more options than you know. ZocDoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than a hundred thousand healthcare providers across every specialty from mental health thank you to dental health, eye care to skincare, and much more. Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score some same day appointments. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to Zocdoc dot com slash Theo to find an instantly book a top rated doctor today, that's Z-O-C-D-O c.com/ Theo Zocdoc dot com slash Theo. Make it easier on yourself to get a doctor's appointment.


Yeah. So was there like, so where does some of that influence then come from? Like a lot of the, 'cause it's a lot of like, you know, there's some love stories there kind of Definitely. But like tons of hip hop. I'm listening to hip hop 99% of the time. I would say, oh you are? Yeah. like I even I remember my friend had 50 cents first album and that was just huge for me. Oh so good. And it's funny because I listen to it all the time and I never try and let it influence my music too much. 'cause I'd just be pretending to be a rapper and that would be ridiculous. But it does influence the way I write. Like I'll write verses in a hip hop type way and no one really knows or acknowledges it. But to me, I can feel the flow. If there's no beat or end, then there may be no drums or whatever. But it's just, to me that's written in a hip hop way. Like if I could, yeah, I would love to get certain features and stuff. That would be my favorite.


Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. I feel like that could easily happen, especially now. 'cause there's so many, there's a lot more featuring now it feels like. Yeah, Definitely. It's important. J Cole to me is like number one. I, I, that would be like an incredible thing to me. I would love that so much. Did you, you're here working in Nashville right now? Yeah. On music. Yes. Yeah. Have you met up with other artists while you've been here? A little bit. Yeah. It's funny, you know, because like you said, Gabe, Simon and Joshua were with me at the show last night in the Bluebird. But also the idea is you kind of, you kind of have your friends with you playing songs and it's like, you go back and forth. I'll do a song. You do a song, they do a song. But like I, I don't have friends like that Do You know what I mean. I kind of feel quite solitary when I go to these places.


Yeah. Like sometimes, you know, there's sometimes people have tons of features and have tons of friends on songs and stuff. I, I feel quite content in this way, but like a bit of a loner in the music biz. I feel like I kind of go about my business in a, in a, in a lon way, which is fine. I'm okay with that. And I love people. I think they're incredible. I think the other artists in my genre and that are doing well, I, I absolutely love them. But I, I oftentimes, if I'm doing a thing like last night, I'm just like, I'll do it by myself. It'll be fine. Oh yeah, definitely. Is it just, and it's not really AdChoices that you don't wanna work with other people. It's just kind of like, this has been going fine, this is how I'm doing. Yeah. Do you feel like you don't wanna bother other people ever? Yes, definitely. And I also, I don't want to be kind of, I don't wanna seem as though I'm reaching out some to somebody for their clout or whatever.


Yeah. you know, I don't wanna seem sweaty about, I don't seem like that nice one. Yeah. I appreciate it. To be honest with you. I don't think just, you know, I, I don't know you super well, but we've gotten hung out a few times. I don't think that you could seem like that. Okay. Yeah. I know that doesn't help anything, but No, no, no. But you know, when you cannot, he's Still not working with Jake Cole. But still. But I think you easily could. I mean, we went out the other night and Zach Brown saw you and he was like, I, you know, immediately he brought you onto his show. Yeah. Thank you for that. He said that immediately. He didn't think at all. It was cool. No, he just asked. He was like, so excited to see you. Yeah. We, we randomly ran in and we were at the Red Clay strays and yeah, there you are right now. That's crazy, dude. I saw that video. It gave me chills, dude. It was nuts.


We had, it was funny. I lingered for so long 'cause we, he said, we rehearsed it beforehand and he was like, I'll sing the outro verse, you know, he said, you sing the first half of the outro verse. I sing the second half. I was like, perfect. So I sang my bit, then went and hid away with the bongo player for a while, and then the outro verse came along and I, I walked back out to the walkway and I was like, all right, sweet, here we go. And then he started singing the outro verse and I was like, oh no. Now I'm just standing here. So into like being an awkward person. I was like, I'm just standing here in front of 70,000 people. Yeah. With nothing to do. I should have even gone ages ago. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He was lovely though. God, that's so cool looking dude. It's nice. It's the best thing. I don't get nervous for that, which is weird.


Yeah. Oh man, that, yeah. Karaoke makes me so I, I could not even imagine having to sing in front of people. Yeah. So when Did, you start to learn that you had singing talent, I mean, I, I know that some of this will be like elementary stuff to you, but for some audience that doesn't know you, you know, so like of course. Yeah. When Did you start to learn that 'cause how do you go from being like this sort of like, I, like, like not recluse, but sort of this like Quiet kid Shadow lurking. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Of course. Good guy. Yeah. Yeah. My, yeah. I don't wanna make it sound like a villain. No. But sort of this, this guy who's this patient person, how do you go from that to like being able to like express yourself?


Because dude, yeah. When you start, it's like there's a lot of levels to what you do. Like sometimes I feel like there's like some Mac Miller, sometimes I feel like there's like this Doctor Seuss of like Irish funerals going on. There's so many. And then sometimes it's just like this, you almost feel like you're at a opera or something. Right, right, right. you know? Yeah. So it's really Impressive. Nice, man. Thank you. Yeah, I try and do a few different things, but I, I remember my sister played piano and she still does, when we were kids and classic thing, I would just sing in the back of the car. And I remember my mom, I was just loud, you know, I'm still loud. And I, so yeah, I just started figuring out, I played soccer quite seriously when I was a kid, seriously, in my head. And, and so music was like a secondary thing, so I never worried about playing to people.


'cause I was ju I was thinking about playing football. So I, I would always, it, it came quite easy to me to play to people. I, because I didn't see it as being that important the first few times, you know? And, and so yeah, it just gradually became a thing. I started realizing I wanted to write music. I'd go into town and like do open mics and stuff. Oh, you would? Yeah. Like Dublin's so supportive. That's what I mean. It's like I know, I was talking about notions and all that kinda stuff, but it's just like, it's a nice place. I was 15, 16 playing in these pubs and people that do anything to help you, you know? I don't know what it's like states, But it's just Oh yeah, yeah. No, that Iris will do anything. Yeah. And they just, if they see some potential in you, they're just gonna say, I know this person, I know that person. Be careful with this and da da da. And lots of advice and all that kind of thing. So yeah, just gradually, I mean like, I'm 32 now, so like, I've been doing this since I was 19.


I guess You know what I mean. So it's a long road. And I know we were talking about the red place to raise and how they've put time in. And I think If, you get to a certain level, there's very few people who haven't had that journey. Do You know what I mean? I know you had Luke Combs on here. I know everybody's got their journey in music, but like, there's so much time you spend knowing you're good and being frustrated that you don't have a career. You know what I mean. Mm. So I think you just have to be patient. It's so like, it's so silly to me. It's so kind of arbitrary in a way because it's like, it's this thing where you're like you said, like you're lurking in the shadows, knowing you're good and, but no one's paying attention. And then outta nowhere people decide you're just really good. And it's like, I knew that before. Yeah. But it just takes time. Yeah, it is. That is such a fine line.


There's a Like, what's it like for you You know what I mean, like when you knew you had this potential, but Yeah, I thought that I was funny. I think I was sitting on a porch one day at school or in college and this kid's like, you should do standup comedy, man. And I was like, fuck you dude. You're an idiot. Right. And the guy was an idiot. So I was Right. Yeah. Yeah. But, but yeah, I eventually, I started doing comedy, you know, but was it that classic thing? But yeah, other times you start to do good. Yeah. And then you're like, why, why? What? you know, you see other people like I'm doing, but I think a lot of it's just time and it's like, yeah, like weathering that storm and then weathering that storm of like, other people's careers have been going.


They have to have their successes. And so that's just the way that time works. Do you feel, do you find that hard sometimes when you see people like having massive moments? Yeah. I, I De I know you are too, so it's probably made easier by that of course. But I definitely did ear earlier on, you know, and then, yeah, now it's like, you know, we're able, able to sell out a club and able to sell out some spots. So once you can kind of do that, you start to feel a little bit more like in control. Like at least Okay. At least I'm doing my job. Yeah. I think that's part of it too. It's like, hell, it's hard to admit to somebody that you're a comedian. Like, you know, 'cause everybody's funny and everybody has good stories, especially being from Louisiana. So like, they don't even have any comedy clubs in Louisiana because people are so funny just talking to 'em.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like, I'm not gonna go pay $7 and go in that, you know, booze When my friend is funnier than I, yeah. Fucking yeah. Well fucking Randy out here. Yeah. Did, you spend a lot of time sort of doing sets and clubs with just Oh yeah. Tough ones. Yeah. For years, man. Yeah. I would drive and do all the sets. Yeah. I think there was a part of me that wanted to be good at it, of course. And then I think after a while, I think the art chooses you because I didn't end up getting married. I didn't have a child. So tho those things didn't kind of like start to take up my time. So I was still available for it, you know? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I think there's, there's a moment kind of where some of the art chooses you.


I keep thinking about you spitting on that girl's head. Oh, terrible times. God, if she only knew and I tried to, I think, draw a heart when I spit or something. I tried to, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I tried to save it. I tried to do something, you know, I remember just doing like that a little or something. I, I don't know. I wanted to be kind of artistic. I don't fucking know, but it was, that was the only way I could express myself. So I know what you mean about the saliva. I find it even when I'm doing this, you know? So I don't know, man. Yeah. What were we talking about? But it's been good. I I've loved being here, honestly. Have you? It's a good place making music. Yeah. It's a good place.


Definitely. I think. Yeah. And I think If you don't, you, you have to kind of like put yourself out there. Some here and If you like to do kind of your own thing. I mean, your music does feel very important to you, like you said, right? Like the stuff you're, you know, you're not trying to go for like a, it doesn't seem like some pop thing or trying to like read a bunch of other people's songs that they've written. No. It seems like you're trying to make your, your voice. Yeah. If it was like someone else that, you know, there'd be no point. Right. There's people I'm a fan of and there's people I'm inspired by, but you gotta take a mix of all that and make your own thing. Yeah. Otherwise it's boring Because that's a big part of the culture here is like all the big songwriter groups. Yeah. And then they service the musicians, you know?


Totally. And you gotta be careful 'cause you find you, I like, I've written songs where I'm like, oh no, that's too like this person. There's, there's no place in the world for that. I think it's funny sometimes you'll have people kind of, see, I remember we were talking about Lewis Capaldi the other day. I remember for, for a long time I was kind of pushing to do just piano and vocal and I, it never really worked out. And then he had his massive song. I was getting kind of used to being someone who loved. And then I remember someone in my team that I worked with was kinda like, oh, I was thinking like maybe piano and vocal. And I was like, this is so obvious. Like, he did that already. So like I this, it's so senseless that I would go and do that unless it felt right. But this idea of just like copying something else that did well is weird.


Yeah. And will never get the right results, I think. Yeah. I think you see a lot of that with music. You see like someone breaks out of the pack. Yeah. And then there's a lot of other people that start to sound just like them. Oh, Totally. You see it now. Like say no can and Zach Bryan like having these huge moments. I'm inspired by it, but I have to make sure I do my own thing and don't sort of, what's the word? Try and replicate it, I guess. Yeah. Because you'll just end up on your ass. Yeah. I think. Yeah. Because then you're just like, oh, he sounds like this person. Totally. And the reason it works for them is 'cause it's they are them. They did. Yeah. And they're uniquely them and people are drawn to that. Definitely. I think even like the, the attitude that's contained within your music. Like, you see Zach, Bryan, like the recordings and everything, they're quite, what's the word?


Like, they're so rough and ready, but people are drawn to that. Everything's so perfect nowadays. So people just like that. If he's literally just pressing record and that take is that take, I think it's incredible. Again, I heard Luke Combs kinda say they'll go in and do five songs in an evening. I think that's beautiful. I, I've been in situations now where things can get quite fragmented and you're kind of like, okay, we'll do piano, then do vocal. It's all quite polished and put together. So I want to get back to that side of things. Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. That feels like a challenge. I think it's a challenge in any art. you know, how do I stay me? Yeah. And then how do I stay me as I change? And then am I, is it okay to still be me?


This changed me at the risk of that my, the people who are paying attention to me won't, will understand. Totally. And I like I, get to hide behind the music. Like in your line of work, I think you are your brand, right? So like, changing Hass gotta be a whole different thing. Do You know what I mean? Like I can change my music. All I like and I'll still be me underneath it. But like I I find for comedians or people that do what you do, it's tough because, because your name is the whole thing. Right. you know, like, like If you change as a person. People will kind of, could criticize, could enjoy it, whatever. Yeah. Or like, but to not even evolve I think. Right? Yeah. like I think that's kind of the thing that I'm thinking of is like, like a guy told me one time, he's a manager, he is worked at a fancy management company in Los Angeles and he said, you know, your audience will grow up with you so you have to grow up as well.


Or it can get kind of stale, you know? Yeah. And I thought that was just interesting. you know, it just like, yeah, that's kind of true. Like if I, you know, be afraid to change or don't grow up or you know, then they're going to grow up past me. Of course. You know, different Yeah. Of stuff. I get that with music too. you know, like, oh yeah. You try and like, you try and sort of think about what age you were when people first started listening to your music and then change with that 50 cents. A good example. You always, he stopped making music sometimes 'cause he was just like, it's not relevant to those people anymore. It's interesting. Hmm. Yeah. I'm trying to think. Yeah, there's some, like, there's a little bit of Zach Brian when I hear there's a little bit of James Blake, but there's, it's you, it definitely felt like this guy at the shipyard who's just gonna fucking show you what's going on.


Yeah. I hope So. you know, I Hope so. My voice was blown Up last night and his girl, she better pay attention. Yeah. Yeah. It's all like that. Yeah. It's stories. And if he goes out on the boat with you to fish or crab or whatever, he's gonna be a little loud sometimes, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're, I got told, I even talked too loud. A speech therapist recently was like, you need to relax really constantly. Yeah. Yeah. They said like, 'cause I have trouble with my voice sometimes. Even last night my voice kind of went about halfway through and I, I don't know how to not go full beans constantly. Yeah. you know? You must get so many dude. Every girl I know, my brother's wife, my ex-girlfriend, they, every woman is looking for you.


So I don't know. If you, I'm sure you have How many ring cameras do you have Here? We got the cameras on those at home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, it's just people can connect to real feelings. Yeah. The feeling. Jay, fuck you. I saw you, you were nodding along. Oh, I was, I had one song that had rhythm in it last night. Right. Moments. Oh no. There a couple moments. You hit some moments. Yeah. I mean, well, I, yeah, when it's not like the whole band and it's just you, that's a lot of pressure. I mean, you had the, you had the boys with Aire, The poet Joshua. Yeah, he was great Dude. He was at my show in Halifax, I'll tell you that. Was he at the show? Yeah. Because he said he bumped into you on the flight. I didn't know he was at the show. Brilliant. Yeah, he came to the show in Halifax in the morning. I'm on the plane. Brilliant. He said, Hey, I was at your show last night. I was like, oh, you're heading to the us?


and he is like, yeah, I'm gonna play with Dermot Kennedy. I said, oh, I'm actually going to his show. No way. And so I'll see you there tomorrow. Yeah. He's a nice guy. He was so much more confident than me. He, He was funny. Yeah. He's 22 as well. So it's just like, I Dunno. I, I, I think, I think that's a difficult gig when it's just spoken. you know, the music you can hide behind it and stuff, but when it's just spoken word that's not easy. Yeah. But it added this element of like, because last night, so just for the listeners, so there was Dermot, there was Gabe Simon accompanying him on guitar and mandolin and some different instruments. Yeah. And, and there was Joshua de Shooter and he's a poet and he was like kind of reading lines at certain points.


Yeah. And he had sort of tailored his poetry to fit around the songs and stuff. It was just cool. I dunno, like, yeah. It was cool. I know when I was that age, I kind of was dying to do things like that. So I was excited to work with him. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was super cool. How'd you find him? Instagram? Oh yeah. I saw him doing a, he had a really cool poem. I couldn't even point it out now. But he had a really cool poem about two people who every night in a cemetery they come up outta the graves and one guy was really rich and one guy was really poor. And, and just, it's this beautiful poem about like, not forgetting what's important in life. So I thought it was cool. I think there's a lot of, I think there's a lot of bullshit poetry on Instagram and I think he's not that, so that's why. Yeah. Yeah. I liked even just having a younger person, it like added this element of like nervous energy and approach, definitely approach to the world, which was like such a dichotomy to kind of some of your music.


you know, some of it's like, you know, it's more like, I don't think a young person could even write something, you know? Mm. you know, I think you have to have some experience, you know? I Definitely think about that now. Even like, having any degree of success. I feel better equipped now. you know, I, I used to be annoyed that I wasn't getting gigs and stuff, but I guess I'm glad it happened the way it did. 'cause now I, I, I, even as a person, just in society, I try not to, you know, you, you learn how to not take shit from people and you learn who you are in the world a little bit. I'd be scared if I was 22 doing this. Do You know what I mean? Oh, yeah. Having like a lot of success at that Age. Just anything, any kind of traction. Yeah. And someone was like, I feel like I'm easily led or gullible even at this age.


So I dunno what I'd be like if I was younger. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It seems kind of risque out there. I wanna think more about Ireland, dude. Do they have, oh, somebody said the Irish started Halloween. Is that true Sauna? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Because what is it, it sort of translates like the, the night of the Lost Souls or something like that. I'm not sure, but yeah. Irish people. Yeah. Ireland's very pagan and sort of a lot of things like that. There's a lot, the dead are very important. The dead are very important. You know the mean like Coco like Yes. In those movies. Like, It's like, that's the Mexican dad, right? Yeah. It, it feels like there's similarities in that sense. There's like the Celtic Sound Festival. Yeah. Wow. My, actually I was talking about it last night.


The gig, the island my auntie lives on Halloween's really important. And it's all the lost Souls. Such D what is it called? Inish More. Inish More. I thought Her name's Deirdre. I thought you were about to say her name. I was like, you know my auntie Deirdre, she, yeah. But they have these traditions, you know, where there's very few people live on the island. It's like I, I'd be bullshitting maybe a few hundred people kind of thing. And there's this tradition where someone, someone you know, will knock on your door and, and they're kind of allowed walk around your house in silence and open drawers and close drawers and, and then leave. And then later on everyone's in the pub and you don't know who is in your house. So is this kind of, there's all these creepy traditions.


Yeah. But Ireland started Halloween. Yeah. Oh, that's guessing. Yeah. Halloween was invented in Ireland. The roots of Halloween can be traced back 2000 years to the Celtic Salmon Sa Salmon Fest. Yeah. I think those things are important in Ireland, like ghosts and all that kind of thing. Do you believe in ghosts? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. You right dude. Yeah. From Louisiana. We got fucking ghosts over there. Oh, true. Yeah. Everybody's, yeah. Everybody's eaten trout or something. you know, even you'll hear a ghost eating something. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like a lot of, we have fat ghosts down there. Yeah. There's around like you be at the hospital and be like, yeah, there's a ghost in the other. In the other ward. Yeah. He's fucking, yeah, he broke his legs. New Orleans is Louisiana, right? Yeah. Ghosts are like, that's a ghost town, right?


It's a Ghost thing. Yeah. There's ghost. You Can do tours. Can do tours about, Yeah. Yeah. And the crazy thing, you'll be on a ghost tour, somebody will get murdered 'cause it's so dangerous there that then another ghost will show up. You're like, oh damn, that's Reginald. you Know? Yeah. Yeah. I knew him. Yeah, they just, he just got here. He's fresh. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, there's a lot of like that, that sort of energy there. There's tons of ghost tours and stuff like that. We had a dude in our town who got busted by the cops being, for being a ghost dude. We had, so this family owned, they bought like a ramada and it was like a small What's that? It's a small motel. Oh, okay. And used to be nice. And now it's still nice, but it's not like, it's not like swanky.


And they were trying to make it on the get on the, on the ghost tour. So when people came to America to go learn about ghosts and everything, it would show up on like the ghost. Like, oh you gotta stop here. Right. So they wanted to make it haunted. Okay. So they did like some like, like low key haunty shit, like the wiring and stuff and like Yep. It was getting a little bit of a buzz. But then they're like, oh, we're not getting enough people that love ghosts. you know? And so they would have, somebody would dress up upstairs and they had hotel room doors that were across the hallway from each other. Yep. So they would open a door on each side and when you go walked up the stairs, the person would just walk across. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you'd see something like just what was that?


you know? And Yeah. And so it was getting some heat and people were like, holy shit, there's ghosts. And people were outside fucking hanging out and drinking Dr. Pepper and fucking, sometimes even people, 'cause there people would get real excited and, and then they busted the guy, the guy forgot to take off his ghost sheet or whatever. He was driving home. It was like, oh no, the owner's son. And they fucking, oh, Perfect. Boss him, dude, idiot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have you had any like encounters properly with ghosts? Oh Yeah. A friend of mine died and like I was laying in his living room the day after and I felt him, he was right outside. Wow. No Way. And I just, it felt as if he was right there. I mean it just, I don't know. I never felt like he was standing around me before since.


But it just felt real. And I just started like crying. It was like, just like super intense, you know? Wow. Yeah. I've Never had, I believe in all that stuff so strongly, but never anything like that. Yeah. Ireland, you guys have like the Giants? Causeway. Causeway. Yeah. And it's supposedly made by Giants. Yeah. But Did, you Go there. Did we go to Giants Causeway? We didn't, no. I haven't been there. But Is that good? Is that helpful? Just haven't Been there. I dunno. But it, but it's like, but the story is that there was a giant from there and a giant from Scotland and they weren't getting along. Is that right? I feel like you know more about it than I do. I think so. Oh, Finn McCool. That was one of the Giants. And there was another giant legend has it that an Irish giant named Finn McCool.


Oh yeah. Created and everybody's gonna think this is extremely Gee exciting. Yeah. An Irish giant Finn McCool. Yeah. To cross the Irish Sea and fight his rival, the Scottish giant Ben and Donner. Yeah. So they like, and so it just looks like these, like those, these big square stones heading out into the water from each side. Yeah. Beautiful thing. So there's one of them in Scotland as well? That's a good question. Hopefully there is. If not, you Made it up. Yeah. Fuck it. Yeah. Is Colin giant causeway? We'll say that there is. Let's keep the lore alive. But yeah, there's a lot of stuff like that in Ireland. Like a lot of like, well there's leper johns, there's mystery, you know, Ancient things.


Yeah, a lot of that. There's A lot of like Lore. Definitely. Absolutely. Possibility. There's a lot of myths and stuff. It's kind of, it's romantic in a way. Yeah. I think like I loved Lord of the Rings, the Hobbit and all that stuff. Purely because I think being Irish you kind of grow up loving those things. Yeah, definitely. I would hate to be without that. I think, to be honest, like I in my songs, like I had a song last night 'cause the call the Killer was a coward. And it's just made up story. I love it. It's just about a king and a person that kind of like finds his way through this castle and kills him. And to me I was just like, fuck it. Why not make a song like that? Yeah. What is the songwriting experience been like in Nashville? Has it been inspired by like any like country vibes?


Or is like, is it just, this is a place that you feel is good to write and be? I think it's a good place. I, you know, like I think you can't downplay how talented people are. Sometimes if I'm writing somewhere else, I can get stuck and kind of come away with like half a verse or half a course or something. Whereas here you come away with full songs 'cause people just do not stop. It's like Gabe who was there last night, he just, he's relentless. You know what I mean. He can kind of just, he never runs out of ideas. So people here are just so talented. Plus it's just a better place to write. Yeah. I dunno, I, I like being here. It feels like it's not the be all and end all the music business. Even though it's here and it's based here and there's so many people here that are working on music, it doesn't feel like people are writing to try and be successful.


It feels like people are trying to just make music and see what happens. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. There's a nice sense of like just being alive here. Definitely. You know, and you just take time and people are nice and you'd be playing a song and someone will kind of invite their friend over and play guitar where he is in la. That'd be kinda like, what's in it for me? Why would I do that? Yeah. You know what I mean. Whereas here it's just supportive. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's really true, man. I mean, we went out and saw some great music and then you met up with Zach Brown and you're playing with Yeah, I think it's definitely people, it's more of a sharing culture here for sure. And it do, yeah. It feels like it's a, it's its own place outside of just the possibility of making music. Totally. I think sometimes when I write, I question how important it is.


Do You know what I mean? That's why like, I've had moments in the past where I struggle with getting music over the line. 'cause I'm just like, who cares? And I completely forget about the fact that people listen to it. You know what I mean. I kind of, I have dismissed that and I don't mean who cares, like it's always important to me. But also I, in the past I've kind of been like, oh, I don't know. You get so caught up in it, you're just like, does it really matter? Really? Like, and, and, and I dunno. Yeah. So it's nice to be back at a place where music is the most important thing. It's lovely. I think when you kind of go chasing a career, it can be a tricky thing and it can get in the way of doing the right stuff creatively. So I'm glad to be here. Oh yeah, definitely. That's a good point. Yeah. Well, do you feel like I mean you've had such a great career already? Do you feel like, yeah.


Does a, does a new like desire arise in you once you're already doing well? Kind of. Is it like a maintaining desire? Is it, No, I think it's a returning. I, for me it's returning to who I was before doing any of it. You know what I mean. Yeah. Like you being funny on the porch. 'cause it just makes you feel good. Yeah. You know what I mean. Me playing music at home just 'cause it's the thing I love. I have yet to play a show where I come away being like, oh wow, that was perfect. I'm so happy. Now. Do You know what I mean? Like when I'm on the tour bus after a gig, like I keep an even keel constantly. I don't come off stage wired or I don't come off stage really sad. I just kinda like, yeah, it was good.


And if it was good, I'm happy with it. And if it was bad, it's okay. 'cause I'll do it again tomorrow. But yeah, it like getting back. I said that last night, like, I wanna be able to play music. like I don't care. Do You know what I mean? I just, there's no thought about like, whether it's good or bad. I'm just doing it 'cause it feels and it's fun, right? Yeah. Yeah. like I blow my voice out. 'cause I'm just trying so fucking hard all the time. Do You know what I mean? I need to get to a place where I don't feel very confident doing it. You know what I mean. Not at all. Doing what? Just performing for people like I. I, I self-analyze constantly to the point that it's detrimental. But then like I think a lot of musicians do that, right? Like, you're hard on yourself. You're hard and Yeah, you're hard yourself. You want to do your best.


Totally. Yeah. I can, That's part, that's something I got out of your stuff too. It's like I felt like, I felt like, am I, am I I want to give everything that I'm capable of while I'm here. Yes. Yeah, of course. Yeah. It's only last night, like you talked about. While I exist, even while I exist, I wanna get everything that is possible out of me. Definitely. you know, like having played sport for such a long time when I was a kid, that felt like such a powerful feeling. And I think sometimes I'm trying to get that feeling from music. And so yeah, I just, I think like If, you play well in a match or a game or whatever the reason you feel like you leave nothing out there.


And I take that into music, I think. And I, I think it's easy. It's important to not be competitive as a musician, but, but sometimes I, I I can take the gigs in a competitive way, you know? And just make sure you have nothing left. I think that kind of feels important. What, what happened with sports, with football? I just wasn't good enough. Really? Yeah. Damn. I was all right. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't. But like I always, I'm always conscious of if I was on here being like, oh yeah, I had to decide between soccer and music. There'd be someone in Dublin and be like, ARS asshole. Not true. Yeah. You know what I mean. I was all right, but I wasn't doing that. Yeah, yeah. No way. And that's like the biggest sport over there. Oh wait, have you seen that road bowling? Yes.


Yeah. I don't know what it is. I like really? Well I know what it is, but I follow them on TikTok. Do you really? Have you seen the stone lifting? No, I haven't. But I know this is people and these are adults. Most of them it looks like. Yeah. And they get up shot Here In Shannon Vale. Shot it off. I'm lovely. Shot it off. I'm lovely. From Tim Young. Not a bad effort at all. And they throw a ball going, no. And this is a real thing that happens. This isn't like a prank. They throw a ball down a street and try to get it as far as they can and they want to get to a certain finish line in the least amount of tries.


Oh, so it's kind of like golf, just with your hand. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. On The road. And it's an iron ball. It's a steel ball. You Should look up the stone lifting. The stone lifting seems to be back in a major way. Really? Yeah. Play one more of those. I wanna see. We gotta, 'cause here's Huff Wayne Parks here going, there's nothing wrong here. Turn it up. Bub. 13,800 Euros side for cancer research. Charlie Weekend here in Ville. Here we go. He runs so far, Boys. A what? A big shot from park. It's the best thing that I've ever seen. How much did they get?


They say 13,800. Oh really? Oh, 13,800 aside. And Wayne Parks is on fire. Good man. Wayne Park. Wow. And Now, yeah, there's certain things are back there is like, there's people lifting stones that are like 300 kilos and stuff. It's probably on TikTok. I feel like it's a big thing again. Lifting stones. Yeah. Like, and they're awkward. you know, it's like random. It's not like those big round ones. It's like a proper ar like awkward stone in the field. There we go. Let's see it. Yes. Yes. Holy, let's go. Holy. Come on. Holy John. That's it. Come on John. Holy fucking John. Got it John. Let's go. Come on. Holy fuck. John. And those are his coaches, John. Yeah. Yeah. When I'm not on board, this is, Yes.


Holy. Let's go So strong. Oh, unbelievable. Unbelievable. Now how high do you have to get it up? I guess you have to get it above your waistline. It looks like I. Feel like it needs to be on your chest. Yeah. Play one more of those. That's unbelievable. That is a huge Strong people. Yeah, That was a huge stone. Play that top one. Just play the top one. Oh, and this is a more rounded stone. Yeah. Wow. This guy wants to make an omelet and there's his brother who can't lift him talking shit all other day probably. Oh yeah. There you go. This is crazy.


This is, yeah. There's something so Irish about all this. I think. I don't know what it is. Good. Brett. I feel like I seen him before. Told you he's a strong one. Yeah. What's that guy's name? Yeah, mate. With the awkward ones. Just Tom Saltman official. Oh Wow. Where's that? England Free Strongest Brothers. His T-shirt that Oh, they're both strong then. It does seem one side. My bad. Boy he's doing all the work. Yeah. But yeah, I'll say that one of them is doing a lot of the work. Lots. Yeah. That road balling play. One more of those. I just couldn't see If. you can find a pa. I'm trying to think. P There we go.


Played that one in Gary Daily Day. Always a off-duty police officer. Yeah. I never really knew this. Well I knew it was a thing, but I didn't know people gathered. I mean, you throw it into a crowd of people. That's the greatest part. And some of them move and sometimes they don't move. Yeah. Yeah. Look at that one. 3.2 million views. Wow. 50 grand. Wow. It's a massive amount of money. What is that? 50 pounds? Yeah. 50,000 Euro. Find the one with pa somebody right there. Who Is this lady that's just constantly, That's Michelle Smith. Oh, PA Flood right there. See what she says about him. Go up Road Bulls in Ireland. So just to let you know, Oh you know, you've been throwing keep track of Follow this.


Yeah. Approximately 20 past three on Road Bulls in Ireland on Facebook. So who's gonna win? And it's a qualifier to take part in the king and queen of the Roads Festival 2024 happening in September. That's path flood. Call Rafferty. Call Rafferty. Huge big thrower from county arm and Path flood needs no introduction here. So tune in in about 20 minutes. You should have gone to this one half An hour. I tried Did. you really? Yeah. They were out of, they were out of Cork. They were. They were. Hey guys, Michelle here From Road Bulls in Ireland. Far away are they were in Europe somewhere. There was one that actually made a little message to me. There you go. Shortest bowl in History. Shortest bowl in history. Let's see it. That's puff load right there.


That's him. That's him. Yeah. Oh shit. Oh. Oh. Bollock Paul. How does best work? Gosh, my flood. Huh? Just joking. Paul. That guy will throw one of those through my house. Oh, imagine that though. Lad, you're just In your shins. Oh yeah. That's Michelle Smith official. How much is that? 50,000 pound for the winner. 50,000 Euro. Yeah. So I dunno, $55,000 probably. Wow. In and around. And Look up the rules for road bowling real quick. I just want to read it so I can, $60,573.


Wow. To throw a damn ball down a road. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know where that money comes from. Yeah. Now that's a great question, brother. That's an IOU road. Bowling is an Irish sport in which competitors attempt to take the fewest throws to propel a metal ball along a predetermined course of country roads. The sport originated in Ireland is mainly played in counties. Arma Arma. Yeah. And Cork Road Bowling in Ireland is governed by the voluntary Irish Road Bowling Association. Arma won the all Ireland this year in the football. Oh, they did? Mm. The bullet or bowl is a solid iron cannon ball. Seven inches circumference. And it weighs 28 ounces.


There are two or more players or teams in a match. The one with the fewest shots to the finish line wins if two players or teams approach the finish line with equal shots, the winners decided by which throw goes farther path the finish line. Wow. You should have played this. God, I'd love. You could play this. Well, I, you gotta If you. I I guess you really have to have the shoulders for it, you know? Are you lefty or righty Righty. Yeah, I'm pretty much righty Normy. I'll do it. But you know, remember when, when I was younger I used to like I try to like eat with my left hand for like, I'd be like, I'm gonna change things up. I'm gonna be different. And I would do it for like two bites and like, fuck that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Are you so like fork in your left hand? Yeah. So you would now eat with a fork in your right hand?


No, now I go fork in my left hand. Yeah. You had knife in the right hand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But every now and then I'd try to change it up. Yeah. Yeah. I Remember at home If you were lefty. This probably happened there too. If, you were writing with your left hand, they would slap you and put the pen in your right hand. I remember my dad, my dad's lefty too and he, they would make him right with his right hand when he was younger. Yeah. Why? They don't like it over there. No. Yeah. I mean it's not to stay on Google the whole time, but I bet it's like an old Irish thing. There was some weirdness about being lefty. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. They just don't want you to be different. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You get like slapped on the back of the hand. It says right here. It was all due, it was believed to an unloving refrigerator mother. Even as late as the 1900, some schools in Ireland were still forcing South Pwd children to write with their right hands.


Nowadays we know that nine out of 10 people are right-handed. And that left-handedness is likely to be genetic. What's a refrigerator mother? Yeah. Is that like a lech key kid in Ireland? The term refrigerator mother was coined by Austrian physicist Leo Canner in the 1940s to describe a mother who's cold uncaring style. So traumatized her child that they were treated into autism. Wow. So they thought maybe if he was lefthand he was autistic. Mm. We had a fellow with Down syndrome in our town and his mom just thought he was Irish his whole life. Can't remember saying that before. Yeah. And it was just crazy, man. He was, yeah. and he might've been actually, he would dress him up in all these Boston Celtics shit all the time. No way. Oh, it's crazy. Yeah. Leprechaun things.


Yeah. Just different. Yeah, different just joyful outfits. That poet yesterday, the guy we were doing the show with, I had green shoes on and he called me a leprechaun within five minutes. I had never met him before and yeah. Called me a leprechaun. It's terrible. Yeah, He was kind of outgoing like that. Yeah, He was. Yeah, he kind of, he had a couple of pops. Oh, do people get married young in Ireland? What's that like? Not so much. I dunno. What's it like here? I feel like it used to be, but not anymore. Yeah. Yeah. like I would say thirties, early thirties maybe. Nowadays. I know my parents got married when they were like 23, so I was just gradually grown up. Yeah. I guess I just wonder like how the cultures are are super different.


Mm. Oh yeah. In a lot of ways. I'd imagine. I mean, that guy, Joshua, the poll last night, he couldn't drink. He was 20 years old. I mean in, in Ireland that is not the case. People can drink that early, eh? Well, 18. But you know. Well they let him in the pubs as well. Some. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Especially down the country. Like after the road bowling. Yeah. Everyone's getting in, I'd imagine. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Yeah. Cork was something else I couldn't even believe when we got there. I was like, this is so wild. You played the marquee two. That's great. Yeah. In the tent there. I Played there one time. Yeah. When I was younger. It's Brilliant. It was. It was totally different. The acoustics were a little bit different in there. Do you have to change your set on in a cultural way? Probably not. Right? Oh, I to, I learned stuff about like Belfast when I first got there. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And like the NRA, The IRA. Yeah. And the IRA. Yeah. Yes. And we learned about the IRA and like Yeah. Like, ooh, we learned about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we learned, fuck, England was the big thing we learned. You Were saying you could just lean on that whenever you wanted to Do Oh, things got bad. Yeah. You just yell it out. Yes. People would go, some got pulled out a sword. I'm like, who has a sword? And I think he worked there. Yeah. I'm like, well that seems, It's just security. Yeah. That seems a bit outta sorts, but yeah. Yeah.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? That's a good question. It's a real question. It has in mind. It has at certain periods in my life, watching porno and everything and watching porno was making me, it was ruining my life. It was ruining my life, man. It made me feel just so much shame. That's what it did. Well, I'm watching pornography has become commonplace today. And oftentimes men will use porno to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety, and depression. That's all I want to introduce you to my friend Steven Walt. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery. He is a dear friend of mine. He is a dear friend of mine and Valor Recovery is a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. That's right. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and they will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend problematic behaviors. There is zero commitment, If, you reach out to them. It's just the first step in trying to figure out If. you may need some help If. you can get some help. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. The links will be on the YouTube. And again, there's no commit when you commitment, when you reach out to them. But I promise you only something positive will come from you reaching out and figuring out if, if what type of help, if any, could benefit you. Thank you.


What are some musicians that you really admire? I know that's kind of like, No, no, no. Hoey was a big one for me. you know? Oh yeah, Yeah. He's playing here. Coming up at the Pilgrimage festival. He Is. Oh, I saw that. Yeah. I was sad 'cause I'll be gone. But he, yeah, he just, he's Irish, Irish, Irish. and he, he, oh wow. Yeah. I think sometimes people don't know that. I think I remember someone thought I was talking to someone recently, they thought he was from here. But he, it's just cool. He kind of blew up way before me and it's just a nice to see, it's kind of a cool role model to have. He just carries himself very well, I think. you know? Will you keep in touch or hit him up? If? you have any thoughts Or something? Yeah, definitely. Not even thoughts, but just to talk. I think artists don't talk to each other enough. Yeah.


like I find it hard to talk to other artists sometimes. 'cause I feel like it's very, we're all quite selfish and we're all so locked into our own existence that it's tricky Sometimes I find it much easier to connect with people who are involved in sports. I think that's easier sometimes. But he's, I dunno, it's just cool for me to see him. He's got this huge career where he is got so many followers and supporters of his music. But it's al always just about the music. You know what I mean. It's just, he's inherently him. And I think that's a pretty cool thing. And it's good for me to kind of like just see that, see that and follow it. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. I'm trying to think of some other Irish musicians. You two are obviously probably the biggest ever, but, Oh yeah. Huh. Of course, Dude, one time I went to like the MTV movie awards or something.


Yeah, it might have been Music Awards. It, I think it was Music Awards actually. So I got dropped off there. I'm walking up and all these people start cheering. Right. And I got like a pass, like through the artist past whatever. And I'm walking up, all these people were cheering and I just like, in my head, I was like, these people are cheering for me. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, what? And then I looked next to me and it was Bono. Bono. Yeah. Were you talking to him? I said Nice glasses. That's what I said. Because I didn't know who he was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. At the time I was just kind of like, I was 19 and I was like, I didn't have a clue. He's the best. you know, sometimes when you're talking to somebody that's so famous and has been for such a long time, you kind of feel like you're not getting in.


There's no nothing beneath the surface. Oh yeah. With him it's the complete opposite really. You can tell like If, you were talking to him, he's just full undivided attention and Oh, it's so cool. Give feedback and we'll pay attention to you and stuff. It's great. Oh, I've met some of these guys. Nile Orrin. Yep. Neat Guy. Yeah. Who else? Oh, the Cranberries? Yep. Van Morrison. Oh, thin Lees are their best. Have you listened to Tin Lizzie Uhuh? Oh man, I gotta get in it. You like Rock and roll, you like the right place phrases? Yeah. Oh man, thin Lizzie is, that's up your razza. I'll have to get into that thin, Lizzie. Oh, the best. He passed away a long time ago, but he, the music's incredible. Wow. The boys are back in town.


you know that song. Boys Are Back. Where were they? What'd you mean? Like Why were they where? Where were they? Oh, does he ever say that? I actually do know. Yeah, they're hanging down at Dino's is the lyric. Dino Dino's is here too, but there's a Dino's Lake restaurant in Dublin. Oh yeah, yeah. That's where they were. And that's where they were hanging at and where, where'd they come back in town from? Yeah. I dunno. But I think about that all the time. And I always think about them going on tour back then it must have just been like, see you soon. Yeah. Imagine in the seventies and no one knows where you are. No one knows how it's going. Oh, you're not on social media. It must be insane. And you just come back and kind of, hopefully it went well. Yeah. And I, I don't even If you knew how well it went. Really. No, never. You just get feedback every night.


And then lot of drugs and drinking though. So God, that must've been fucking fun. Eh? Crazy Did. you ever struggle with any of the gear or whatever they call it over there? Nah Man, I find it like I Dunno. I, again, like not to harp on about it, but I think sport was crucial for me. It was just kind of, I, I, I always like I tour. When I tour, I'll often do kind of, I feel like it's not sustainable nowadays in music. It was different back then. Do You know what I, I don't know how heavily they toured and stuff, but nowadays touring is so key. Like you'll just, I dunno, personally, I wouldn't be able to sustain it at all. No. I think even drinking, I gotta be careful. Yeah. I just think it'd just be impossible. Like to be hung and then to the response, what is getting to the next place? It just seems like It's not worth it yet.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how people do it. No, I know. Yeah. Sometimes like I dunno. I dunno how some artists do it, but I wouldn't be able. Yeah. Even last night, like I'm tired today from just playing an acoustic set in a cafe last night. I'm very pedestrian. Yeah, Definitely. What about the love life, man? How does that look for you? What About It's solid and always has been. Not always has been, but Oh really? Time. You've always been good with the ladies then? No, no, No, no, no, no. It's Because that's kind of, I've always been good with one lady. Yeah. Oh, you have? Not in a corny way. That's the corniest thing I've ever said. But do people know that, that You Have my girlfriend experience? That's my Oh yeah. Kind of. I don't talk about it much, but I think if people wanted to know, they would know. Yeah. Oh, so you had a lady then for a Long time. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I don't see, like, I'm happy to talk about it, but I don't see it as like I relevant part of my career.


Do You know what I mean? I don't see it as something to promote. She definitely doesn't. So it's just our existence outside of my career. Does it feel, does that inspire some of your music with some of the, like the emo stuff or no? What do you mean? The emo stuff? Like some of the loving type stuff. Definitely All of it. Okay. All of it. That's where it all comes from. And, and yeah. Yeah. I never talk about it, but it's all good. What about you? I don't know, dude. I think, yeah, I gotta get a wife's, I, I would like to get a wife. I will say that I gotta get some of my affairs in order.


I gotta get some of my affairs in order. This Feels like a follow on from the serial killer chat. This feels like. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Dude. I've had like I. Yeah. I mean, I date, you know, it's just hard. You're in town, you're gone and then you're supposed to be like day, you know? Yeah, of course it dis you're like, come back three weeks later. But I think that's one of the reasons why I stayed in comedy because I was like, oh, well I was, had so much trouble, like staying in relationships and being committed in relationships. I was like, this always gives me an excuse to leave, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it was like, I gotta go, you know? And then you come back and they might've found someone else. Of course you'd hope they found somebody else. Oh really? A lot of times. Yeah. So you can detach from it and just Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah.


You're like, oh gosh, good luck with Stanley or whatever. Yeah. I'm glad you found him. Yeah. So things like that. I think, I'm trying to think of, yeah, I've just been, I just had like I don't know, it's just always hard for me to like trust somebody. Mm. I think that was just like the hardest thing. Right. I'd just had no idea of how to do it. Yeah. It was like a foreign practice Trusting somebody. Yeah. Really. It still is anybody, only romantically friends, anything? No. It even goes over into work and everything a lot of times, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think I have to really?


Yeah. I don't know. Does it like, take time? Yeah. I think it takes time. Sometimes you can tell with people kind of easy. Mm. But it's been, it's just been a tough thing for me over the years. Sure. And I don't even know why sometimes It's crazy line of work to be in too, right? Yeah. For that situation. Yeah. And then you're leaving her all the time or something. It's like so many of my friends have been divorced that are in comedy and stuff like that. I think it's just a tough go of it. Yeah, Of course. Do you own any animals? Dermot? I have a Dog called Tom. That's it. I miss him dearly. He's a puppy. Does he? Right? Does he Right yet? Tom? The writing dog. Yeah. He, he is the best.


It's the best thing in the world. I always took the piss outta the emotional support thing, but I believe in it now. You know what I mean? Like emotional support dogs flying with him and stuff. Oh, you, you take him on planes and all? I haven't yet, but I will. Oh, you're Looking forward to It. Yeah. You think like, no can, he was in Dublin with his big German shepherd and I was like, if he can do that, I gotta be able to get my little puppy on the plane. Wow. He took a German shepherd with him. Yeah. Now it's a nice dog. It is like well behaved. I think it sleeps under his legs while he is on the flight. Oh my God. Yeah. It's badass. That's beautiful. Yeah. It's the best thing. I dunno. Here's a Dublin zoo. Unless help a breastfeeding. Mothers to encourage female orangutan bond with her newborn. So this is happening over by you guys? Oh yeah. Brilliant. Well, not brilliant.


What app did this monkey or this woman off of? Because this seems like, and if those are iris breasts, brother, they're full cream. I'll tell you that. They have I, dude, I saw some breasts over there. You Did? Oh my God. You're, it's like, just like, I'm coming home. Tell the world I'm coming home. Beautiful. This is beautiful. It just feels like the root of time started in them. Right, Right, right. Lovely. I mean, God, they just like the fucking, just beau. Just like the eyes of the moon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just those fucking front hammers baby.


You'd see some goddamn, I mean you'd see, they literally looked like they were sculpted out of like, you know, just a fine fucking thick yogurt. This is Wild. You thought you said there's no women. Oh. But when you saw 'em, you saw And there was one they would break. Yeah. Or they'd see. Yeah. You'd see a fucking shadow coming over you. And it'd be a big tit. A woman would've leaned out of a window to look for something. You know, you had your eyes peeled constantly To make sure a man was still at the pub, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the pubs. Yeah, I, I mean, I went into a pub, no furniture, A bunch of guys holding each other up. Fucking just yelling and drinking. Yeah. No furniture. You would go into a pet store.


No pets. Seven people drinking in there. Just drinking, talking about animals. Yeah. What everything there is just people having a beer. Man. It's funny though, you know, like Did, you ever see the way Italians like live to be really, really old? 'cause they all just hang out constantly. I like to think Irish people are kinda like that too. Oh yeah. We just need each other. There's all these like small communities and stuff, they need somewhere to gather. Definitely. Yeah. Music's part of that. And I grew up in New Orleans and there people were drunk. Vomiting. You didn't see it in Ireland, man. Puking. Yeah. I didn't see a lot of it. Oh, there's plenty of puking. Oh, there is? Oh yeah. Oh. And they do it all at once or something. I would say it's just like, you maybe missed it. There's plenty of it though.


Yeah. Yeah. It's the worst feeling in the world. It's Crazy That I would say that nearly keeps me away from drinking too much. Is the puking. I fucking hate it. Well, The first part of puking, I don't like, you start to get this little sweat outta the, like the middle of your neck or tongue. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Or the saliva. It's like the saliva all over again. Yeah. It's like your saliva starts to be like, Hey, guess what? Fuck. Fuck you. Yeah. You're In trouble. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're in trouble. Yeah. That's pretty hellish. So I like how you take moments to think, Oh Dude, you just scan your mind. I don't have AdChoices. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I wish I could Just call upon it.


Yeah. Man. My brain retired years ago, man. Years ago. Yeah. And some of the names in our like I feel like people are trying to be, have the most Irish name. Mm. You'll meet like somebody A-O-I-F-E. Ife. Ife. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And that doesn't really spell that Niev. We, we were talking to someone yesterday called Niev. It's N-I-A-M-H. Yeah. And that's not anything. So it's like you have to have real names if you're even gonna, You should guess some. These are very run of the mill. All right. You got some spicier names. You have To Bri very hard to spell Irish names, but without the answers. All right.


Count, count. Count. He count me. Call Eva. All right. Nope. Ban. That's nice. But it's Sivan. Chevon. Okay. Yeah. I didn't know they had black people there. Alright. RR Rar. That's nice. Yeah. Rory. Oh, r Rory. Rory. That would be like Rory. DH what? RA. Like it's like silent. Okay. They spelled it so you know at home. R-U-A-I-D-H-R-I. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So they don't spell it like Rory. The next one. T-A-D-G-H. Tadda or Tig?


Tig. Tig. Tig. Tig. Okay. And the next one, N-I-A-M-H. Noah. Now Neve. Neve. Okay. Neve. Just NEEV. Neve. And then the next one, another one that's not real. S-A-O-I-R-S-E. Siri. Sears Shot. Sears shot Sears. She, yeah. Oh. Oh. This is unbelievable. And then I'll do this last one. 'cause I've seen this one before. These are good. Now we're, we're Giving some good ones. Okay, here we go too. G-R-A-I-N-N-E. Yeah. Granny Grande. Gran. Yeah. That's the closest you've been. Oh, that's beautiful actually. Yeah. And this one right here is not anything, but I'll read it.


B-L-A-T-H-N-A-I-D. Blo. Blo blo blo Blo blo. Yeah. You're doing all right. Alright. Right. Here's one right here. C-A-O-C-A. C-A-O-I-L-F-H-I-O-N-N. Okay. Kevin. I, that one is even weird for me. I would say. I would say Qualen. Qualen. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's just Quail fan. Everybody you meet over there, you're like, I'm Qualin Madonna, Garge. you know? Yeah. Yeah. But I see that here too. Oh, that's true. You know what I mean. Everyone. I was in the boot barn last weekend and there was a guy called Lachlan.


I was, yeah. Yeah. and he was like, I'm Irish, you know, he just claims it but doesn't Know. You're like, no shit. Yeah. What about the new album? So are you working on a new album? What is it like for you right now? Yes, I am. I have written, I would say 25 to 30 songs and Wow. Yeah. But it goes crazy. It's kind of like, you can do as many as you want. You can do hundreds and like I know. Do you remember that song that Rihanna had? I want you to stay. Not really sure how I feel about it. That song. No, I was with the fellow that featured on that song, that and Huge Success. And then his second album, he wrote 250 songs.


So it's just like, at what point do you kind of call it You know what I mean? And then I've heard Billie Eilish two interviews where she says, if the album is 12 songs, I've written 12 songs and that's it. So I'd like, I'd rather be like that. It's crazy to me the idea of throwing songs out, you know? I don't know why I would do that. So I got a bunch now and I feel good about them. I, I, I never know. That's what I'm saying is like, I analyze myself too much. And I think sometimes I lose perspective and I could have the best song in the world, but I can't see it, you know? And do you, is there certain people you go to to get really clear perspective? No. No, I don't play music to anyone. Anybody. Yeah. Because if it's good feedback I'll be like, yeah, I know. And if it's bad, then I'll be aggressive. Wow. So do you, what about a management or an agent or anything?


Yeah, some of that. But then that's hard too, right? Because you kinda question like, what are people's criteria? you know? To me, I only care that it's good, but then they might be like, oh, this song could be successful. And it's like, oh, what does that mean? Right. you know, it could stink, but it could like, it could send me down the wrong path musically, but it could make money on the radio. I don't know. So you gotta do the right thing. And do you, will you choose a certain number out of those? Yeah, I like 10. I, I know like I, I've seen like Morgan Wallins album with like 37 songs and stuff. I dunno if I'm able for that kind of thing. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, different people have different stuff. Definitely.


Hmm. Yeah. I wonder like, yeah. Would I be scared? God, it's just gotta be so scary putting an album out. Mm. Yeah. It's gonna define your life for two or three years, you know? It's almost like throwing a stick of dynamite into a room or something. Definitely. And then what If, you don't hear anything. It may not go off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely. Yeah. You never know. I think like, yeah, that definitely scares me sometimes. And, and it might not happen. you know what's almost even worse? Is that middle of the road kind of just like, some people like it boring. Yeah. For me what's funny is like, I've never had a song go crazy, do You know what I mean? Like I've never had a song like I play big venues in most places, but like I can walk around all day and no one knows who I am.


So I think I kind of exist in a sweet spot to some degree. Mm. You know what I mean. Yeah. I think for me it's like a careful what I wish for scenario sometimes. 'cause my life is still very normal, but then I get to go on stage and do very abnormal things, you know? Yes. Like if I had to stay in my hotel room all day 'cause I can't, that would make me sad. Definitely. Yeah. You're almost like Clark Kent kind of, you know? Or Claire. Yeah, Ian, yeah. Lan kinship. Yeah. I just, Just because you have some anonymity still. Definitely. There was one time you do have a chip on your shoulders. Sometimes though. I do like I. I was playing for a football team in New York and we were at training one night and one guy was like, are you playing shows or whatever?


And I was like, yeah, I'm playing a show at the Garden. and he was like, oh cool. Are you like part of a bigger bill? Are you supporting somebody? And I, I'm constantly just like, no, it's my show. Like, people will be there hopefully. So I think people are constantly surprised how big the shows are. 'cause my, I I don't feel like a very famous person, which is lovely, honestly. Yeah. That's The way you don't Yeah. I I think you keep like a, you seem like a pretty regular demeanor. Nicer Man, I think. Which I think is probably one of the best compliments you can get. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But then to go and have that many people show up for something. Yeah. That's pretty fricking Unbelievable. It's not, it's the only, I think like if I, I, I feel lucky in the sense that before I did all this, if I had a checklist of what I wanted, I feel quite lucky.


I feel like I've ticked most boxes, which is nice. you know, my life hasn't changed. I get to play to lots of people. I get to decide what music I put out. That feels good to me. Yeah. Yeah. How long do you think till your album will come out? Or do you have a plan on it? Or does it matter? I don't, I'm trying not to care. It matters, but I don't know how it works. Feel pressure people. Yeah, definitely. Oh you do? Yeah. Like, will people stick around You know what I mean? like I think in music you kinda have to stay relevant and stay present and release music all the time. you know, I think it's, I think you have to kind of do stuff constantly and, and constantly bring stuff out. But you gotta be careful too.


'cause if people just get bored, You know what I mean. I would love to, I'd love to bring out an album definitely in less than a year. But I'm not in a hurry to do it either. I would rather have a good one. You know what I mean. I don't Oh yeah. I don't think it needs to be just constantly doing it And the tour off of it. Yeah. Like we've been doing touring very slow. We'll do like chunks. Yeah. Taking three years now to do the tour. Oh man. But it's fine. Yeah. People don't care As long as you show up, people don't care. Yeah. It's like, and it's been good and, and I couldn't handle doing like a seven month tour or something. Yeah. I've seen, like, who did I see? I saw a Matt McCusker tour and it was just every weekend, like couple shows, I was just, that must be so sweet to do shows and go home. Yeah. But music, you can't do that 'cause you got like abandoned crew on the road and you're paying everyone every day.


So you just, you'd be bankrupt immediately. Yeah, that's true. You gotta do it all. Yeah, definitely. When you have such a squad, how much do you have a big band supporting you when you go out? There's, what is it? There's like six of us on stage. All Irish playing. No, two of us Irish. And then everyone else is from Australia, Switzerland, and the uk. Ooh. Yeah. Pretty diverse. Yes, indeed. But it's important. Like you, you, you kind of, even though it's a solo project, I think it has to feel like I hate when a songwriter, it looks like it's them and their employees. I think that's crap. Yeah. I think it makes for a bad musical connection. I think you wanna feel like a band. Mm. Yeah. What makes it that happen?


I think, I mean, bottom line, the way you treat people, you know, and you give people creative freedom. You let them play the way they want to play. I think If, you stifle it and, and sort of restrict people too much. It, it stops being fun. Do You know what I mean? I think people come to see my show, to see that musical interaction. It's not just me playing You know what I mean. I think it's weird sometimes when you, you see a solo artist and their band is just kind of in the background and not really part of the show. That's weird to me. Mm. Yeah. What, where'd you meet your gal at? Like what, 25 years ago?


Probably at home. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. At home. What was she going door to door? No, she wasn't. But we were, we were Is that your sister? Is it? Sorry. No, we grew up in the same area. Okay. And yeah, it's a very, like, it's a very sort of high school sweethearts thing. Oh, That's, so there is some romance right there then. Definitely. There's Something romantic about that. And is that, yeah, I guess Ireland makes me just think everything seems like fairytale over there a bit. Yeah. Sometimes too much. Certain movies and stuff, you know? Yeah. What was the, was the, oh, I wonder if you're talking about gangs in New York? That one's kind of cool though. There was like this movie recently, the Irish Wish or PS I Love You.


Those types of things. Oh, very terrible. Yeah. Good. Fucked. Yeah. If your wife, yeah. If. you found your wife in a wishing well or something. You're outta your fucking mind, dude. Could Happen. You could do it. Look, that's true man. You need to go back. Oh yeah. Oh, I, I wanna go back so bad. I wanna do a couple more spots there. Yeah. And maybe do one more. I think I owe a little bit better of a show to maybe Belfast. It was good, but I think I want to, you know, you just wanna do it better. Yeah. I like the way you say I tried my best at the end of your shows. I think that's good. Yeah. Thanks man. I think I usually, I, I definitely, 99% of the time I feel that way that I tried my best Now. The outcome sometimes, But yeah.


But then that sentiment stands above everything. Right? Like even if it, it doesn't go the way you want it to. Yeah. Try my best, You know? Yeah. People appreciate it too. Yeah. I think people appreciate it. I think so. That's probably a good point. What, what will you do when you get back to Ireland? Like what's something you look forward to doing? I will, I like to write music every day and to to be like in the studio every single day. I know it's a very privileged thing to say, but it's a very taxing thing. I get tired of it. So like I'll go just I, where I live is in the middle of nowhere, so I'll just be in the forest every day with the dog. A dog. No, I would like to get a dog as soon as I quit touring. Yeah. In like seven months. I'm gonna try to get some kind of dog. It's the best thing I've done.


Yeah. Oh man. Yeah, it's just like a companion. It, it kind of, it's a nice injection of real life as well, and amongst all the weirdness. It's just nice. Like, and it's this thing that would die If. you didn't look after it. So it's kind of, it's a powerful feeling. You guys got a, is it a Staffie over there? Which you got? No. Teeny little scruffy terrier. Oh yeah. And it's a, he's a rescue. Oh yeah. Yeah. Everything is in Ireland, huh? Everything. I'm a rescue. Yeah. Yeah. If he's a male, is he? He is male, yeah. Oh Yeah. God. He's still got his cahones. Well, he won't be using 'em. There's no girls that had That's true. There's nothing. Yeah. I'll have to bring him to America. Yeah. Dermot. Kennedy. Thanks so much, man. Thank You very much. Thank you for Helping me. Yeah, I appreciate it. Thank you for all the awesome music, man.


Thanks for like, yeah, just kind of sharing like whatever you can to the best of your ability. Yes sir. That's kind of how I feel when I listen to your stuff and yeah, had a great time. Thanks for inviting me last night and yeah, thanks for the ticket, dude. That was awesome. Not At all. Thanks for going. Thanks you, man. Yeah. Cheers on you, brother. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of my, I found I can feel it.