
If you're at home and you are hungry or experiencing hunger, you don't have to go out hunting for something. Not anymore, thanks to Door Dash. Right now, DoorDash is offering $0 delivery fees on eligible orders with Dash Pass. Whether it's food from your favorite restaurants, groceries from across town or anything in between. Dash Pass is the most affordable way to get everything you need delivered right to your door. Dash Pass pays for itself in two orders on average. Plus dash pass gives you a special access. Special to exclusive promotions and menu items. All for only 9 99 a month. Get more from delivery for less with dash pass $0 delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible DoorDash orders. Sign up for Dash pass today and get your first 30 days free. If you're a new member subject to change terms apply.


We have some new, new tour Dates to announce. Bloomington, Indiana on November 13th. The The Indiana University Auditorium. Columbus, Ohio, November 14th at the Shotten Stein Center. Champaign Illinois up there on November 15th at the State Farm Center and Grand Rapids, Michigan on November 16th at the van and Dell Arena. Get your tickets early, starting Thursday, September 5th at 10 AM Local time with presale code Rat. King. General on sale Starts Friday, September 6th at 10.


AM Local time. We also have shows in Bend. Oregon, Spokane, Portland, Oregon Vancouver in the Canada, Oklahoma, City, north Little, Rock, Springfield and Kansas. City. Missouri Sioux. Falls South, Dakota LA, Cross green, Bay, Moline, Colorado Springs, Casper Billings, Missoula, Lafayette, and Beaumont, Texas. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TN, OUR. Make sure to buy through that link so you aren't visiting a secondary site.


And thank you so much for all of your love and support. Looking forward to seeing you there. We've got new Merch. Check out the new return of the rat tie dye tees in green and purple We. also have the Be Good to Yourself. Collection gang, gang hoodies, and much more, baby. I'm upstairs at Theo Von store.com. Today's guest is a musician, artist, producer, actor. He's done it all. He has a new album coming out called F1 Trillion. Actually, it's out now. You can go enjoy it. It's him and some of my favorite artists.


I saw him perform at the Grand Ole Opry last night and it was magnificent. I'm so thankful for the energy that he's given to the world to bring us together. Really, today's guest is Mr. Post Malone And A little wine.


Little wine is good. It's good for the heart. Doctors say pregnant ladies can drink it. Can they really? That's what they say. Yeah. But If, you seen the babies. They're pretty fucking awesome whenever they come out. That's a good Point, dude. I'll just say this dude, they Shred hard. They're like, I've been fucking drinking since before I was born. Yeah, A lot of 'em have real pale skin in their gingers, which are good citizens of the society. And they wear North Carolina jersey, so they fucking go hard, bro. Depends on what wine it is. Yeah. If. you drink like a nice Bordeaux as opposed to like a Franzia, which I love. Fucking franzia. Little bag of wine. Yeah. Putting the saddle bag put in. Well, Franzi was always like that wine that every now and then your parents would have a party or something and then you would like go into the kitchen late to get a little snack or a little like square of cheese.


Sure. If someone or cracker somebody had left and you'd go in there and some lady would come just just stumbling outta the Christmas tree and she'd be like, Hey, here. And gave it to you. Fed g Franzi. Well, She'd want No, she'd want, she'd have Fran, she'd have it like tucked under her arm or so at that point sometimes they would have the, they'd have it out of the box or naked as they call It. Well, you have to, you have to have it outta the box, I believe. Oh, you do? Yes sir. It's like a water skin, you know. Crazy. Like, it makes me feel like a frontiersman whenever they have those. Like fucking What, what shape are those? Like a kidney shaped deal. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Water, Kidney. Oh yeah, yeah. Whatever. Brick. Yeah, it is. It has a very ca at that point it gets a like a camelback vibe.


It's like a fucking bagpipe. Yeah. It gets a, I'm not surprised if some of those bagpipe players aren't just, well, you can actually hear a bagpipe. It's Right, but a pipe is the blow out and the franzi is on the way in. But You think you might bring two bagpipes. One is franzia. Oh yeah. Yeah. You could get put it in a camel package. Genius. It makes so much sense. Yeah. I had a bag of wine in my bed under my pillow. All of, for all of school. I don't know if I should say this now. What School was it at? School. Okay. It was was at school and my parents never found it. No way. Yep. 'cause it, it was kinda like a, I told 'em I bought like a waterbed pillow And you could just lean over and Just, it's like sucking on Romulus or mother Ros teat.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Like sucking on mother Ros teet, man. Nothing like it. There's nothing like it. That's them there. There's nothing I can do. Good. Is everybody in there? Okay. Yes. Okay, cool. Thank you so much. You got like a big lightsaber That hit that, that thing that like, it's like you hit it and like somebody's whoop bracelet goes off in the distance or whatever. You know what I'm talking about. It's like you that vapor, you hit it and somebody's whoop it is like I'm fat or whatever. It's like that. What's a whoop bracelet? A whoop bracelet is like bring it up A whoop bracelet. It's like a bracelet that tells you you're sleeping well, it like monitors your heartbeat and then there's like a little plug or something maybe, I think allegedly you can put into your side or something that'll monitor your sugar and it'll send the information to it.


Yes sir. So it can tell if you're dreaming or If you like If you, if you're, you know, you've never met your father, it can tell you everything. Dude, Don't they have them on Apple watches? I think they have to find your dad app on the Apple App. Oh yeah. Well, yeah. Then they just, somebody didn't trademark it then. Because a lot of people are doing it because sometimes it'll say on the whoop bracelet it'll say, whoop, there he is. And it'll play that song, you know, for your Dad. Yeah. Like If, you get close enough to him. Yeah, exactly. It gets louder is when the closer you Get like, woo. There he is. And that's showing my age post. Good to see you. Hey, Thanks for having me. Yeah, man. Congratulations dude. I saw you at the Grand Ole Opry last night. Thank You sir. Thank you for coming. Wow. Thank you.


Was that your first time there? Yes sir. That was my first time. And I remember I, I laid down after I got home last night and I was like, was Theo Vaughn there? 'cause I'm 85% sure. I said hi. But I didn't know if I was just dreaming, but lo and behold you were there. Yeah. And you said, Hey man, thank you for coming. It was nice. Well, I imagine it was such a tough place to be. I mean there was so many stars in the building. Mm. And that was your first time performing there? Yes sir. Wow. Terrifying. Terrifying. Yeah. 'cause it's like going to like the Mount Everest of performance. Yes sir. It's of live venues. Yes Sir. Yeah. It's terrifying. It's, Yeah. And you brought out John Michael Montgomery, Lainey Wilson. Brad Paisley came out and played three or four songs with you.


You brought out Warren Treaty. Yep. You brought out Warren Treaty. And who else Came? Those dudes are Handsome. Oh, Vince Gill. Vince Gill. So cool. It's so cool, man. I, I'm just like, I'm, I'm absolutely floored. I can't even, I'm, I begin, The crowd was so amped, Man. I, you know, I, I never know what to expect. But it was, someone said that there were two tickets sold for like 22 grand a piece. What? Which is awesome. That's insane. Oh, somebody, Someone is so disappointed. Well, no. They got to see Laney and Vince and Somebody else is buying their wife a set of supreme tits or hip replacements.


You could've got two. Yeah. Two tickets. 44 grand. Think of the boobs you could have Got. Pull that up. What kind of breast can you get at 44 grand? And I have a blocker on this computer because I used to have a pornography issue, but it's, so I dunno if we, if we can pull that up. See what they allow. How much breast can you get for 40 4K? 40 4K. Just like that. Yeah, exactly. Okay. There's need to be subtraction. 44. 44 large. I see. I'm 40 4K. Oh chess 44 large bro. That was good. That was really good. Okay. What's 40 4K size breast? Yeah, let's see that.


And just tell me, tell me to look away if it gets too crazy. This is science. I'm five six and 245 pounds. I've always had a severe back and neck problems because of them in quotations. And they're talking about them. It buddy. Okay. Ever since. And look, I don't want to use pronouns, but we're talking about us. Them tit titties. Yeah, exactly. That's mine. Yeah. Ever since I was in high school. Those are K's. Oh Wow. Those are double K. What's The biggest size? Ever since I was in high school, I've been medicated. I don't think you need to be me. Okay. That's an excuse to use drugs. That's my, my AC cup. Grab me nuts.


I can need something. Whoa. Oh My God, bro. That ain't the San Andrea's fault dog. That Is amazing. Wow. What if someone fell in there? Oh, the best, the funnest thing to do be there would be order one of those. Like, you know, you go to a restaurant and they put the little shots of different tequilas. Sure. And you just put 'em right in. You do a whole Flight. Yeah. Yeah. You do a whole flight, which you guys can't see. Wow. Wow. These are, She's killing it. Oh, She's killing some. And They're natural. You can tell. Oh, those are, yeah. You, you couldn't do that. I mean, one of 'em looked like it washed up on the edge of the ocean.


This is, oh no, hold on. I like this asymmetric look. I think that's the dress. No, I think obviously all women are beautiful and this, but this is a lot of breasts. What we're saying here, what we're saying. You Sound like an analyst. What we're seeing here is a lot of breasts. This is amazing. Now this is something else now that is a lot of breasts for someone. It's like, God, How would you, you couldn't even see your kid. If. You're feeding. You're like, is he done? Good hugs? Oh yeah. Best hugs. Oh, that's a, that's a wholesome response. Yeah. She gives great hugs. I can't believe I've never Googled this before.


Yeah, I didn't know that either. That's 40 4K, double K. 40 4K. That's the breast size you get. Okay. So I think we put in 44,000. Wait, you get that for 40 4K? No, that's L, m and N. She's in the Ns. Okay. Okay. So I think we put in 40 4K as the money and it took the computer took it as a breast size 40 4K. Sure. I didn't know they went to K's. Me neither. And this, she's in the ends. Yeah. L, m and N. Yeah, that's, I mean, she's got more K's than Joe Musgrove during a good game, brother. She's, that's a lot. Anyway. Nice. It's Been five minutes. Yeah, we went from the Aubrey to boobs.


But it is nice to look at something and also it's not pornography, you know? Yes Sir. No, it's science. It's strictly science. It was respectful. It's just like my feet pick stuff. Like just science. Have you ever had an, you, you didn't even have an account on there. What? On Feet Find or one of those? No, but I was highly rated. Oh really? I was like, I came into like a 4, 4 8 People put you on there. Yeah. Oh Four eight. Wow. You have good feet. That's what I hear from Go. I go. Yeah. Boy. Well I don't know about this one. Don't wiki Feet Men. What does it say on Wiki? Feet? Men. Yeah, Let's go to W Actually it Is the top one. And I'm not gonna say that I know this, but let's go to Wiki Feet Men. Okay. Yeah. I mean that. That's the only trusted source.


Yeah. Go ahead. Type, type Type me up. Yeah. That guy was@manfoot.org. Look, Look at this. Look at my rating. Lemme see it. I got a Four nine. I'm like four nine right now. Is that what they says? Dude, I'm coming in at Four, nine or 80 pics of the actual hoofs though. Yeah, they're in these. Okay. Check these out. Look at all the data. Find a good, this is data. Okay. Ooh, there's a hoof. Oh, so you really are a barefoot little soldier. I love it. Yeah. It's the best people call it Earthing. I just call it Post one. Gives you his dirty sock and draws you a tattoo. Oh yeah. Oh, okay. PV And then you got Looch in the background.


I love how he's making sure this is okay. Yeah, this is kosher. This is good. Your bodyguards in the background. Like nobody, Why am I smelling it? Yeah. Lo it What goes on at these Shows. That's the kind of behavior you gotta, that you gotta offer off to people. Absolutely. When you do your live shows, do you have a big ensemble? Like what goes on? What goes into your live shows? 'cause everybody kind of has different stuff, you know. Yes sir. Yeah. you know, now we, we started doing like a band a couple years ago as opposed to just me. But now we have, now we brought Cheese Out, play Steel. Oh, Chandler. Yep. From Ernest Band. Yeah. Yeah. Earn is so sweet and so is Cheese.


But Earn, you know, he's played with RN forever. Yeah. and he was just like, go go. you know? And yeah. Breakfast With him the other day. They were so excited. Sweet Thing. Yeah. Both of 'em were so excited that he was gonna play with you. I was just like blown away. Like, 'cause cheese is, he's 21 years old. You know what I mean And he iss beautiful to, I mean, he's A stud. Absolutely. I mean, and also if all the men died or something, he would immediately Be, he'd be, he'd become number one. Look at that one right there. He'd be referred to as a woman. Look At that smile. Oh God. I mean it's like, God, if I didn't love these women so much, What a handsome boy. I would just run over there and meet that guy. But I love women.


So, but yeah. No, that's amazing dude. Chandler Walters. Chandler Walters. Yeah. Jeez. Old Cheese. He's gonna be going out with you. and he, iss got a great energy man. He's just The sweetest guy. and he iss A songwriter too. I think he just had his first number one recently. That's cheese. Yeah. Yes, he did. I think he was with a me That Was with a me. Why'd I do Mario? Oh, He was with you? Yeah. And Morgan. Oh, with, I had some help. Yeah. No, I didn't even know that. Yeah. 'cause at breakfast the other day, he said, or Ernest said, yeah, he just got his first number one. And I was like, and I don't know if we went into what it was. Dude, that's awesome. Well, yeah. 'cause he wrote and played some steel on it and he's just a killer. He's, he's like the best dude ever and I couldn't wish better things on him.


Yeah. you know, he's just an absolute stud. So, And Did, you lose a member. How does it even work that you bring another member in? Yes, sir. Yeah, so we had a band and they were more rocking You. know what I mean? We had a awesome strengths act. We had awesome members all around. But we, we had said that, you know, we want like, you know, fiddle playing and like guys on the B three and all that stuff. And that was, it was tough. And you know, it's awesome now. Like we are still gonna jam with that band whenever we do. like I wanna do a whole nother Nirvana deal. Like do another Nirvana live stream and shit and do a bunch of cool shit.


You mean like Play Nirvana? Yeah. Like the one we did in COV where we did all the Nirvana covers. Oh. It was so much fun. I didn't see it. So I want to bring it's p people said it was good. I can't speak. I, I think, you know, you watch shit back and you're like, oh, I could have done way better. But people said it was good, you know, Dave said it was great, Courtney and Chris and Wow. It was awesome. It was a lot of fun. If you're drunk or if you're just hanging out one of these nights, anyone out there, you know, give it a watch. If. you haven't seen it. Yeah. Wow. That's incredible. Yeah. So I guess If you with, if Yeah. You want to get more country, a country tuned artists. Yes sir. Yeah. The steel, you know, steel and like, there's a different way Mandolin.


Do you have any of that in it? So Lily, she plays the fiddle. She kind of does like these plucky things, which is kind of mandolin esque, but no, Mando. I, I love the Mando. Yeah. Like watch, like band coming here and doing like band days we're the, all the session guys come in and just kill it. We got Craig playing the bass. He played bass on the whole album. He came out on tour. He's coming out on tour. Nice. So that'll be awesome. That's so great, bro. Yeah. Last night was amazing, man. I, I almost felt bad. You had to almost, 'cause there's so many stars in the building and you have to kind of Oh, Craig Young. Craig Young. Yes, sir. Oh, That's beautiful. Bass player of the year. Bass player of The year. Bass player of the year. He was nominated for an a CM last year for Bass Player of the Year. That's amazing. Killer. There's so many great musicians here in Nashville.


You don't even realize it. you know, you're walking down the street and you're just like, it's insane. Somebody's incredible. Damn. Anywhere you go, there is so much talent here. Yeah. In every crack and crevice. And it's insane. I can't like walking down. Yeah. The street just, oh Dude. And you'll fall, you'll hurt, you'll fall over, you'll sprain your ankle or something and somebody will pull out a violin and write a song about you dying right there. And you're like, It's never happened to me. Oh. But I'm just saying that it's so musical here. Yeah. Yeah. Anything happens. You kiss your girlfriend on the cheeks, some guy pops up and he is like, that's a song Love. That's a song. Well that's, you don't hurt me. That's the deal. It's like you fucking, you just go to losers.


Yeah. And someone will say, that's why I want to hire not a writer. And I think this is a way we could really, let's hear About This. Just get an old guy. Hire an old guy. You don't gotta pay him as a songwriter. He's just knows all the one liners and like, He records what's going on. Everything he says No, you just ask him a question and he'll say something and you're like, oh, that's a song. Oh, I see. You know what I mean. Yeah. Someone wise like a Gandalf figure. Yeah. Like that wouldn't sip piss. Like old guys always say something crazy. That's A song dude that wouldn't sit piss. Is that a thing I've heard? I mean, old people always say something, you know, like, that dog wouldn't sip piss. Like, what is that?


What what? Yeah. But that's a song. That's why we just go get a little hammered at losers and just talk. Yeah. And that's how songs come about. you know, someone will say something so dumb, but the melody was sick and you're like, oh, let's run with that. Like, just change that word. Change from sit piss to shit. Piss. Yeah. And then all of a sudden it's a hit You know what I mean. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, it Did. Oh, I know how hits work, brother. That's amazing, man. Yeah. And Lainey Wilson. Yeah. I think that was the strange thing. It was like all these artists got up there and it was so fast. It was like John Michael Montgomery, Lainey Wilson, Brad Paisley, Vince Gill.


And then you played, I had some help by myself. And then, oh, your last song you played Sunflower. Sunflower by yourself too. Yeah. But yeah, dude, it was great. There was all types of people in the audience. It was special. It Was so, I, I like, it's electrifying. It's so crazy standing in that circle. Like it's just, I'm so honored. like I don't, I'm blown away. I can't even believe it that they let me in. I can't believe they let me in the building. Yeah. You know what I mean and Definitely dude. I mean, yeah, because you got a unique look, you know? I mean, oh yeah, yeah. You look like a, look like a Christmas ornament that Jelly Roll would have. you know, kind of like, you know, did I tell you I didn't tell you?


And That's, I say that in a most loving way. Oh Absolutely. I love it. I love it. I was driving to the stadium and some dude was like, Jelly Roll. I had the window open. I was like, what have you met Jelly? Oh yeah. Yeah. He's the best in the fucking World, man. Oh, he's the sweetest. He's the best. and he has so many feelings in him. Dude, my favorite is when Jelly Roll wins an award, he gets up there and he is like I wanna say to everybody right now, there's somebody out there who's got no arms and no legs living under a bridge. And I want to tell you, in two short months you can be winning a CA And then fucking and everybody's just bawling, crying.


He'd be a great wwe. Oh he just, oh he would? Oh he just did WWE? No he did not. Yes he did pull it Up. Oh my God. The Jelly Roll On him brother. He put the double e Claire on somebody. That was his finishing move. I think the double e Claire Or I think it was like the dirty, The double E Glar. He put something on somebody, he put the fucking crispy bear claw on somebody I think. Yeah. Find Out. And he's got Randy Horton. Just pull up a video If you can of Jelly Roll in the WWE E Oh My God. Wrestling Defeat Dirty do in the judgment day. Oh, he'll put 'em in the dirty aquarium. Randy Orton as a kid I never got. But now I'm older and I'm like, he's so cool man.


Oh, he's just a DH adhd. Yeah. If it made a living, he's, there's jelly right there. What? Oh yeah. Look at the crowd going crazy. Boy. Damn good. I, that would, that's a good push Jelly. Put it on him boy. He'll put him in that crispy wheelchair. Jelly pull. Ooh. He's got a nice mullet too. That guy. Oh, Jelly. Roll Orton. Alright. Move it forward Some. Yeah, I like that Because it gets good dude. Does he get in the ring? Yeah. Oh, that's the Narcan yam. I think Jelly Roll fucking, oh, I thought he hit the guy.


There was no part where he hit. Well He hit him with the, he hit. That's the double E Clear. Go To the Out. Oh, that's Jelly and MGK right there. Look At that. He's got the steel chair. Yeah. No shit. There he is. It's a lot of standing around waiting once you look at this. Oh, there's a Miz too? No. Oh. Oh, jelly hit him with the never floss fricking. That Was a, that's a fantasy of my getting with the dirty Pan. By Really? By a Jelly. Roll. Yep. That's a fantasy. Be hit by a chair by Jelly Roll. Yes sir. Look at this. This is where he puts him right here. No way. He put him in the fucking crispy glue. Yo.


He put 'em in that glucose blender homie. He fucking crisp that baby boy. You have a, you got a lot of finisher names. Oh, I'm just saying, what's Your finisher called? He hit, he put him in that fucking carb walrus baby. He probably put it on in. Dude Jelly don't play dude. He Not playing. Where's Jelly from? Dude, Ben. Oh Shit. Oh Yo. That's fire. Antioch. Antioch baby. Yep. He hit him with that fucking Antioch injection right there. That Antioch insulin baby. Anti Annihilator. Yeah. That's fire. That's awesome. What's your finisher? My finisher probably be the, I would hold somebody out and cry directly into the garage, to be honest.


That's Pretty good. It would be very Good Primordial. I think it would be very like maybe an, there would be ancient poets that would enjoy it. Everybody else would be like, boo, what's going on? This sucks. Or I just cry in their till they drowned. That Would be crazy. That's fire. That's hard. Thats hard. It's very tough. What about you man? What do you think? I don't know. Well, yours is fucking awesome. I don't mind. I dunno if it was awesome, bro. Well I had, I've always had a concept for a wrestler that doesn't touch anybody. He's just telepathic. So I think my move would be like, grab somebody by the neck from across the ring. Yeah. Then slam them back And then a string pulls them up.


Exactly. Exactly. See, but there's no wrestler that does that, I don't think. Not yet. I think that exactly. Well they put me in the game. In the WWE game. Yes sir. No way. Do you have A code to get you? I haven't played myself. I think I'm like five bucks. I don't know how much I am. I'm worth about Five bucks. No, dude, I heard that. Look At this stunt dude. Bur and Ernie's $11 dude. So that seems a little Wait. You could be bur and Ernie Shania Twain is $7. So Wait, where you get it? I'm just saying Shania Twain would be a killer. Killer. That's true. Yeah. Might Stomp stomp if she gets to use that as her finishing move.


No, they, Oh, that's you right there. Can we see it again? Yeah. Did they put me up in the deal? Look at that. Look at him. He's handsome. Oh he is Very handsome dude. Yeah, they, it was fun. They made me buff. My overall 69. That's your overall. Yes sir. All my stats are maxed out, but my overall still says 69. Fair, fair, fair. Yeah. It's pretty cool. I love that. Were you a ladies man when you were young or not? Absolutely. Not really. No. Absolutely not. Do you remember like the first time you felt like a girl was like interested in you or not? No. Yeah, I was. I already had like a million bucks by That time. Oh you did? Oh.


And I was like, oh no shit. This is how this works. Did. you really feel that? Nah. Yeah man. I remember like I got stood up at homecoming, like I all my crushes. Like, you know, it never, it never worked out for me. Really? Really. But that, I think that worked out for me in the long run. Right. you know, because you could be a kid trying to get some cooch, but I was in my room playing the Gauch, Like, I'll show, yeah, I'll get you one of these Days, I'll show you. And then the money came and it was awesome. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. you know, that is funny. But that's how this works. It is kind of funny. Something that is how it works. It's like, yeah, If, you don't feel some ambiance from women or If you don't feel like seen maybe in the world or something.


Sure. Then you, you're like, well I, I have to make myself be seen more. you know? Sure. Yeah. And so you create more And that comes, I guess like, it's kind of a weird way of like, oh, I wanna express myself more so I become more introverted learning how to do that You know what I mean. Like, So tell me a little bit more about, I'm hearing you, but tell me more. So Like, I wanted to make music, right? But the only way to make music is like to do it. And so I just sat in my room with Audacity and played the guitar and wrote songs and the, it's like I want people to hear my music. But the way I do that is learn as much as I can by myself in my Room. And then present, Not talk. Exactly.


You know what I mean. It's, it's an interesting thing, like taking the time to learn a skill or become an outlier I guess. Well I probably got 10,000 hours behind it, but you know, it's an interesting thing. Yeah. I think that's something that part of people don't, maybe I, I dunno if they don't realize it, but Yeah, there's a lot that goes into being good at something. Yes sir. You know, or you could just be naturally talented. Right. Which fuck those dudes. Yeah. you know? Oh dude, if I saw six of those dudes, dude, I'd fucking beat Their, beat 'em all. I'd beat all six of them. That's What I'd do. What if they're naturally talented at fighting? Oh God. I can be a long day.


Even Worse. Even worse. Yeah. I call the cops dude and the cops would never come. But still I would've called them. you know what I'm saying? But I'll never say, Hey, I'm gonna call the cops. 'cause that would end up on TikTok. Right? Theovon calls cops on six naturally gifted fighters. So I would just be like, Hey, hold on, let me check in with a friend of mine. I, I think they're not feeling well today. So I would like pretend Loki, I'd be like, help cops Scott. Scott, I, I'm ready to kill. Because you can text 9 1 1 can you? A hundred percent. Can you send him pics? I hate going back to this. I hate doing that. I hate going back to it. But it's just where the gut, this just where my mind goes, you know? Oh Dude, you can text him. Dude, I, you can text 9 1 1. I was the anything, I was at the Dustin Poirier Max Holloway fight and I remember texting 9 1 1, I'd never done it before.


I was like, something's gonna get Beat Up. Oh. I said, dear God, two men are beating the shit out of each other in Atlanta. That's a waste of resources the Far. And they wrote back, I'm not even joking, what's good. No They did not. I swear to, no they did not. It's that what's good. That's not a TL police. Yeah. No they did not. Yeah. And it also, and they had a music, they put a musical gif with it and it was Andre 3000 singing something. Sorry Ms. Jackson I think. And I'm like, dear god dude, That's not true. That's a lie. The text isn't, They did not say what's good. They did okay. That Mark Was good. Slime.


Okay. So they didn't say, I don't remember what they said, but they did accept the text and, but yeah, you can text 9 1 1. Alright. It's important. I know what I'm doing tonight. Yeah. It's important to know, man. I didn't know that. It's, you just text 9 1 1. Yeah. Or that's it. Yeah. You could text 'em like, hey I need some help or something. And then I guess they probably, hopefully would have the location. I don't know if that, if that helps or not. Well, I guess it makes sense, right? Because if you're like in a situation where it's almost like a blink twice If, you need help type deal, you'd be like, oh, I'm gonna, because you remember there was a story about a lady saying like she was getting abused in in her home and she was like, he was like order a pizza or whatever and she like texted 9 1 1 or called like, or called it and was like disguised the call for distress as like ordering a pizza or something.


You know, like I need, Hey I need a medium pepperoni, I need four strong pepperonis four. Yeah, I've made that call before. Put a gun and a bayonet on each one please. Of the pepperoni. If those pies have gone through bootcamp, that would be great as well. These pies Carry Glocks. I'd like to know this is Glock and spiels pizza. Is this true? Is this, did I make this up or no? Yeah, see that's the story. Let's see it. Let's see it. Benny boy first Glance quickly turned out, turned out to be a call for help, luckily for an Ohio woman. Her 9 1 1 dispatcher was listening very carefully. McKayla Marshall has the story.


Oregon again. 9 1 1. I would like to order a pizza at You called 9 1 1 to order a pizza. Yeah. Apartment. This is the wrong number to call for a pizza. N no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no you're not. I'm getting you now in his 14 years Of service. Wow. This is A call or Yeah. What on dispatch? What a stud for picking it up. I'm surprised he stayed on that long. Right? I'd like to order a pizza. Well, you know, probably get banged on, right? Yeah. you know he's, he's a stud. Yep. I need a large pizza. Two large pizza. Tele medical. You need medical? No what? Pepperoni. It's So good. It is like fucking so slick.


Yeah, it's killer. But it makes sense to text 9 1 1. It does make sense now that I think about it And it's good for people to know, man. I, I think a lot of people probably don't know that. And so yeah, I think this is a neat, this is a neat way for people to know You. Dude. It's God's word. Good job. I dunno about that. Fuck dude. Yeah, We're helping people a little today.


This episode is sponsored by Prize. Picks. That's right. Do you love firing on sports? Well Prize Picks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed you can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-M-M-A-N-F-L college football and many more. Instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. That's what I love about Prize Picks. Each player has like a set projection and you either choose more or less than that. Set projection one Caleb Williams passing yard gets you one win on Prize Picks every week in September. That's right. Only one yard gets you an automatic win every football weekend in September. Four weeks of free Ws. So it don't miss this deal on Prize Picks because it's gone when September ends. If, you're smart with sports and you know what players are gonna perform on what nights then Prize Picks is the app for you. First time users download the Prize Picks app. Use code Theo and Prize Picks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50. Prize Picks


Today's podcast is sponsored by Boot Barn, America's largest western retailer supporting the cowboy and country lifestyles. I wore my boot Barn boots in today's episode. Boot Barn opened their first store in 1978 and today they have over 400 stores nationwide located throughout 48 states. And they open a new store a week across the United States. Today I had on those Cody James Black 1978 Bad Boys Son. Them Beautiful hoof covers baby exotic leather crafted by 90 boot artisans with premium exotic skin renowned for its durability and unique texture. Indeed If, you want those Cody James Black 1978 Boots I was sporting? They're only available at Boot Barn. Visit boot Barn dot com and use Code Theo for 15% off one item through September 30th. That's boot Barn dot com code Theo.


Hey fellas, if you're like me and some women as well, if you're like me and you want your grooming to be a one and done deal If, you want to deha or organize your head hair and body hair, well doing it all with the same tremor. Nah, those days are over. Thankfully Manscaped has come up with the ultimate package to keep your hairs trimmed from 12 to six, maybe top to bottom. Introducing the beard and balls bundle, featuring the lawnmower 5.0 and the beard hedger. Get 20% off and free shipping with the code Theo at Manscaped dot com. That's 20% off and free shipping with the code Theo at Manscaped dot com. For the premium grooming experience, you should trust Manscaped and say goodbye to endless passes with your shaver or razor. This tremor gets it done right the first time. Get 20% off and free shipping with the code Theo at manscape.com. That's 20% off and free shipping with the code TH eo at Manscaped dot com. No more juggling multiple tools or dealing with subpar results. Just efficient, effective grooming wherever you need.


So you're going out on tour with a new album, right? Wow. And do you feel like you, are you going to all the same markets? I think so, yeah. I go where they tell me. Right. International as well. Probably afterwards. Yes sir. Yeah. Yeah. Tour is is a lot of fun. It's just, you know, I got my 2-year-old now and it's hard being away from home for months. But I love playing music and seeing people sing these songs. It's so cool man. You never know if that's like their one thing of the year, you know? And that's why like I've only missed a handful of shows and that kind of drives me nuts when artists miss shows, you know? And I know there's reasons oftentimes, but it's like this could be their one thing of the year and I just want to go and kick ass for people who they're willing to spend their hard earned fucking money to come and see this piece of shit.


Yeah. So I'm like, I wanna bust my ass for everyone so I'm so I'm pumped man. I'm ready to go. And who's gonna be on the tour with you? Do you know? Will it change? What is that like? That's a great question. Openers right now. We're figuring it out. You're figuring it out. That's, that's the way it goes. It's Is it, what's the process? Just finding who's right, you know, and I'm terrible. I'm much, I'm a procrastinator. So like I wait till the last minute to do things, which was the definition of procrastinator. I didn't need to say that last part. Some people didn't know. Some people are like, damn, he's a procrastinator. What? That's, it's procrastinator. What does that mean? He's been to space that's, Well I didn't know you could do that.


Some people think like, what do you mean? No, he's a pro, he Dates men. Like what does it mean? you Know, what is this So mean? Yeah, I think some people dunno, dude, he eats mud. I think. Yeah, no, I'm glad you sounded it out. Yeah, I had to. Absolutely. Yeah. But every school project, it was the night before, Dude. Insane. Yeah. Yeah. So this is, it's like a school project kind of for me and I, and there's so many great options and that's why I just want, you know, I, that's my excuse. There's so many great options is I just wanna make it right, you know? Yeah. And will you, yeah. Will you change 'em up? Do you think you can alternate some of 'em off? Yeah, that's what we were kind of thinking of is having like, that's a great idea. Either like local act start, which I love. I love doing that. And then, you know, either like take it in like quadrants or quarters, you know, and have, you know, different artists who are available come out and open up.


And I think that's fun. you know? And that kind of en encourages people if they want to, if they love that person to come to a show, even if they don't like me. And maybe then they will You know what I mean. Yeah. It's just like, you know, I just want people to have a great time, you know, and just come out and have fun. So. Yeah. It feels like that, man. I felt like that last night, like a lot of your energy is very like, gratuitous. You're like just thanking people for coming and you know, you feel a lot of like indebted almost in a way. Absolutely. I, there is so many, It's no ju it's not like I don't know that it's a negative. Not at all. Yes sir. But you can feel like, oh this guy, he really, it it, he feels that we're here.


Yes sir. And that we've come to see him. Yeah. That's like for me it's, I know there's so many much more talented people. Like fuck those naturally talented people that are just so awesome at everything. you know Justin Bieber? I'm talking about Jesus. Yeah. I'll name 'em right now. Justin Bieber. John Mayer. Sure. Rick Flair. Okay. Okay. Little Debbie. Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Yep. That cake bitch. Or people color her on Reddit and I didn't say it. And who else? Probably, oh, Count of three.


Jesus Christ. Oh damn dude. Close. Same. We Adam. Fuck Paddington Bear Goes great. And we'll, okay, so Paddington's out. I love all of you by the way. I'm just fucking around. I'm just Fucking, Adam is a fictional character. Jesus isn't, we'll put him in there. So Jesus is out. Beebs Is very much real though. Yeah. Beebs is real dude. And Rick Blair. I love both of the, both of you so much. But Yeah. you know, it's like people could be anywhere in the world and it is true. Oh yeah. And it is true. And they spent their time hanging with me and that means the fucking world to me. Yeah. You know what I mean. Yeah. Oh, that's what feels the toughest. Sometimes when you have a show that's kind of, you feel like, oh Maybe, it didn't, and sometimes it's the acoustics or sometimes it's the way that the venues shake.


It's like you don't even know. That's the toughest thing sometimes. Yeah. you know, like the, like you're playing in a hockey rink and you're like, well this is not even built for this. Right. We're trying to make it this. We're all doing our best. And maybe you, you just feel like, what if they don't know that? you know? Or like I don't know. And that rehearsals too, I didn't realize how steep it was. It's so steep Going up. Like where at? Like at the Opry. Oh. It's just like there's people all the way up here and at rehearsals I didn't even see that. Oh, okay. 'cause that like wasn't lit. My God. But Maybe, it was lit and I just wasn't paying attention. Yeah. Maybe you were lit. But I came in and I Yeah, absolutely. Well absolutely that's a given. But I walked out and I was like, oh shit, there's a lot of folks here.


This is crazy. I think it's seats 5,000 people. It's, It's so cool. It's so cool, man. It was magical man. We sat next to, there was a Japanese family and I'm paraphrasing 'cause they may or may not have been Japanese, but they were near Japan or semi near. Okay. And they were in, they were enjoying. It was unbelievable. Cool. I was, wow. I'm at the Grand Ole Opry. Yep. And I'm with a Japanese family enjoying Post. Malone. It was awesome, dude. It's pretty cool. You can't write it. It felt Good. Yeah. Yeah. What's your kiddo like? I? I, I dunno if I, she's a stud. Oh, it's a baby. It's a girl. Oh, sweet. She's a stud. She was there last night. She's, she was. You saw her.


She's about six four. Oh dang. Just massive. She might have dunked on you. That's her thing. She loves dunking on you. Really? That's A big deal. She's like, she's probably two feet tall. Oh yeah. She's so cool man. Like it changes everything. It's so bitching to have it. Were You there when she was born? I pulled her out of the coochie. No you didn't. Yeah I did. They let me bring my catana In. Oh my. What kind of shoes? Did you wear Close toed. Obviously. I did close to Know if was anybody Close toed shoes. I Think that's what God won. Yeah. You have to. Yeah. Well it's like science class. 'cause you're figuring this shit out. I was like, whenever you had a earl in Meyer Flask or whatever, you're like I, don't fucking know.


Like what the hell's going on. Yeah. Closed-toed shoes. First of all, anybody No flammable clothing and hair tied back. you know Anybody that wears open toed shoes to their childbirth is obviously, first of all a Jimmy Buffet fan. Well, fuck yeah. Well that's the one exception I think Jimmy Buffett could wear thongs. Okay. To His, the child's birth. I think. Well, what are you supposed to wear? I don't know what you're supposed to wear. It makes sense to wear like a suit. Right? Oh, it makes sense to dress up. Yeah. Like Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Living on umbilical fluid. I like fucking Yeah. Living On, stepped on a pop top. That was crazy.


It makes sense. Also, it'd be cool to prank the shit outta your kid doesn't know anything. Yeah. And just wear full camo. Oh Yeah. Balaclava, everything. Just full real tree of your fucking Multicam. Anything and she can't see you. Oh. and he just pull out, she thinks he's floating. Yeah. And everyone does too. And then years later there's a game show. It's a big reveal. Exactly. Or yeah, you wear camo your whole life. Yeah. Oh yes. And then it's like, who is my father? Whoop. There. There You. He is my dad. Or she picks Willie from Duck Dynasty and you're like, cool. Damn. Yeah. Cool. Well fuck. I wish Willie from, no, I don't. I love my dad so much, but if I had two dads it would be Willie and my dad And Willie Robertson is so funny.


Dude. What a stud man, bro. He's one of the funniest guys to Be out. Yeah. S yeah. Uncle S was the gangster Boy. Uncle S was, dude, I love that savage. Dude. I love that man. I forgot about that show. A lot of people had that Show was huge. Huge. So crazy. Good for them Dude. People were doing duck calls, people were, yeah. What's it like? I don't have any children yet. I don't wanna have some children I think, but I just gotta get a wife and stuff and I just been working so much. Was it hard to make the choice to have a child? No, I've been horny for a long time. Yeah, yeah. No, yeah. Bad. I, I've, I've always wanted to be a dad and for a long time I always told myself like when I was like younger and going through shit like, you know, coming up when I was like, you know, 20, 21, 22 and all that, I was like, oh, I need a kid.


But that was to like, it's a, for a selfish reason, it was to feel something that I felt like I was missing. But at one point I was like, I want to create a fucking awesome life and create life. And whenever I realized that it wasn't for a selfish reason, then I was like, let's fucking do it. And then I made a baby with my jizz and it's fucking awesome. It's cool. Is it? It's so cool. Like, oh, I was saying, I pulled her right out. Right out. No way. You didn't by the head. I did. I got gloved up scrub. And they let you do it. There's not somebody there.


Is there a lifeguard or something? Well, I don't know. My doctor was such a baller. He was, I don't know if it's, it's gotta be, I think Did you meet him on the app or whatever. Yeah. Well she was what app? I dunno, I'm just joking. The app. It Sounds like my doctor was such a baller. I'm like, I met Did. you guys need a foot locker on Wiki feet actually. So she had a 4.98 and I was like, this is good enough. Oh my Bad then. Okay. But you couldn't see it 'cause of the shoe rule, the closed toed you had, you can't wear open toed shoes. But she was like, sorry, I'm joking too much. At One time she looked at me and she goes scrub up. And I'm like, what? And fucking I did. And then I grabbed her head and I like pulled Her out.


And how, and so I'm trying to equate the, like how hard did it feel like you had to pull tough or it was easy? You, You gotta pull hard, scary hard because, well, babies are really floppy, you know? Floppy and malleable. Yeah. Like pure gold. One of the most malleable medals. You can make gold on anything I've heard. Is that true? I Don't know. I heard that on a Joe Rogan podcast. Chemy. Is that what he said? No, I remember you and him talking about that actually. It's so crazy. That hit my head. What Did I say? I don't remember what happened. I just remember. Yeah, you guys were joking around about it. Makes sense. Yeah, it was perfect. Well I did make gold outta anything. If. you call Jizz anything? Am I right? It's good point. And If. you call your daughter gold, which You do. Exactly.


That's what I call him. That's her name. That's awesome. Yeah. And she was like scrub up, pulled her out, pulled the hog. 'cause you're scared, you don't wanna break them. And Especially like, that's the thing. And where do you pull? Do you pull from under the arms? Do you? Right On the head at first and then no. Then Under the arms. Like one of those crazy car car chiropractors. You seen those guys? Oh My god. You seen that one? Dude. It's like a fucking Mortal Kombat fatality. I'm like, no way. You pay to get fatality by this fucking dude and fucking Encino fucking Have you seen Brother Neck Magic? No, I don't think I'd like to. Yeah, Brother, can you pull up some brother neck magic I Up some brother neck magic If. you can real quick.


There you go. Let's see that. It might be it. Crazy chiropractic. It just, this sounds like, this sounds like a fucking mix tape from a crazy chiropractic neck pain And check. This is fire dude. How there isn't Slide down Slide on this side. When, when does he pull her spine out? Like with his, her skull attached here. This lady's never gonna able to read again. Dude, The fuck, she's dead. I saw that. Do the one where they put the wake boarding rope up to the neck or whatever.


That's the crazy one dude. And I think they do that down in Orlando during the wake boarding championships or whatever. Yeah. Deep. Why strap adjustment, bro. You've been involved in this. If your kid ends up doing this, that's gonna be full circle, bro. Yeah, get to the big pull at the end where they pull. Look at that. Yeah, where the lady tells all her secrets right after. Oh, sorry. Lay your head back down. You just have like cowboy chiropractors just rope you and fucking, and then you're like, all right, you're good. Go. Go home. Chin strapp On. Yeah, I mean, look at this. This is insane. Okay, obviously. So You didn't use this. Use the hands, huh?


Used my bare hands with gloves, nitro gloves. I think they were five. Five millimeters doing okay. Yep. Okay, so we'll do our 32nd hold. you know about gloves. We'll let you relax. I got 32nd hold and then we'll do our tug. Okay. Yeah, there you go. Get up to there. Yeah, that mustard plates. Oh my God. Oh, there you do. Fuck dude. It's a lot. It's more pops. Why? Why? So when you get around, what do you guys do then? Who gets is your, and is the mom awake during this? Yes Sir. Okay. She is. She's full awake. Did She's not on her phone or anything. Is she? Dude, she's on Clash of Clans. I can like get this shit out Her.


Sorry man. I've thing. Your daughter's gonna watch it. She like that guy was an asshole.


I need to know, have you ever found any subscriptions that you were still paying for and you didn't realize it? I had, I got involved with the online chili thing and they would send you chili every month. And I moved outta that place and forgot. And they was still just sending chili to that, to the old address. Thankfully, I located that old subscription and was able to shut it down. Rocket Money is how I did it. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings with Rocket Money. I can see all my subscriptions in one place. And if I see something I don't want Rocket, Money can help me cancel it with a few taps that Easy. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use like unwanted chili. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash TN. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Theo. Rocket Money dot com slash Theo.


Today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. If you've had trouble in your life, maybe you're having trouble associating with your family, you're having trouble associating with yourself, If you, if you're having trouble meeting someone or if you're having trouble, things have changed. They were good. Now they're rough. BetterHelp can help. That's true. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no additional cost. And I recommend that. A lot of times I would've a therapist on BetterHelp or or, or just in therapy. I found locally and, and I'd be afraid to switch therapists. I was just afraid. I didn't wanna let them down. It's not about letting them down. It's about building you up. Never skip a therapy day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TN today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash Theo. and we thank BetterHelp for supporting and sponsoring this podcast.


Yeah, man, I, I know I've been to a chiropractor and I always tell 'em, don't touch me. Right. When I get there. That's the first thing you say. You do not have consent to touch me. Yeah. That's the thing. And then it's kinda like the WWE guy. Yeah. The telekinetic. Oh yeah. That'll be your thing. You don't have consent. Well, I'll show you. Well, You don't have to touch 'em. Yeah, you can just fucking like that's kind of a thing. Yeah. I'm surprised no one's done it yet. It'll happen soon, man. Well, it's like Reiki, what do they call that stuff? Reiki. Yeah. That energy healing. Yeah, like and If, you go to Maui. People offer that. Everybody does it. Haven't tried it. Have you tried it? People are like, I'll do reiki. I'll sell you dope. There's like, there's a, there's Like just the dude by the beach. He's like, I'll sell you a bracelet weed and do some reiki on you right now.


Yeah. You're like, he's like for 40 bucks. Fuck dude. It's a package. 40 large. Yeah, 40 large homie. You're like, I mean for 44,000. I mean, think of all the Reiki you Kid. Yeah. It'd be a lot of Reiki. Dude. You're single with Morgan already went. It's, it's to the moon. Dude, when you sang that last night, I had some That Yes sir. It's a lot of words. People loved it. How long did it take to shoot the video? Where Did you guys shoot that at? We shot that in a day Near Stage Coach. So we were doing stage coach the, the day after, I think. And Morgan had some time and we had time and we just got together.


And I think the last time that flag was used was like at Joe Biden's inauguration or something. No way. That's what they were saying. The flag was huge. Yeah. I've never seen anything like it. It Was dope. Some of those shots, you can see the flag in the, it's really cool. Very cool. Morgan's so funny. Dude, He's amazing. Who wrote the song? Did? you guys write it together or Did you guys? Yeah, we wrote it together. We cut another song too. I think I did it. I think I remember doing a verse. It's one of those long nights, but it was a, that song's awesome too. And Is it out yet or no? No sir. Okay. I don't know if he's gonna do anything with it, but the song I, I remember it being awesome also. I was having a lot of fun. Yeah. But yeah, we were just all together and Cheese was there and we, and it was just killer.


I love writing songs. Yeah. With my buddies. And that's like, you go and you look at the writers on each of these songs on the record is because it's not like there's a lot of motherfuckers on every song and because like, I've never been here. I don't know, like before to Nashville You mean before months ago? Yes, sir. Yeah, before like six, seven months ago. Like I'd never worked here and I didn't know it was like a nine to five kind of deal. But we would go to the studio at like 7:00 PM and stay till like four in the morning and we would all just hang out and have some beers and smoke and laugh. And that's, I think like, like I said earlier, you know, that's just how songs get made.


You're like, oh, that's a song. Let's build around it. And then someone comes in with the next line and you're like, oh, that's fucking killing. And you just keep going and it snowballs into a, a song. you know, I knew during the Pandemic, I remember telling people like, Hey Morgan is the next Elvis Presley. Mm. Like, do you guys realize like he had a trainer and one of his trainers is now also works security with him. Yes sir. And so we would go train with the guy and he and I would go out on, I think it was like 17th or 18th street in Nashville and be doing like reps out there and like walking up hills with the, the weights and stuff. And it was like n Now he could never do that. Oh yeah. But then we'd be out there just doing our reps and stuff like that.


It was me, him sometimes er and Yeah. You didn't Bring Earn out a whole bunch, huh? I mean, earn came out sparingly, but he came out Brother love You. Yeah. RN came out sparingly, but he came out and Yeah. And I was like, I dude. I was like, I was, I remember telling my friends like, he's the next Elvis Presley. Do you think he's the be that he'll be go down as like the greatest country artist of all time? I have a little bias. I love Hank Sr. He, Hank Sr for me will always be my favorite. Hank and Johnny. And he's definitely the most massive, it's just unprecedented.


Yeah. You know what I mean. Like, and I, he has such a great heart, you know, he gets into a little trouble. He's got such a great heart man. And I love that dude to death. And I don't think that he won't be, you know, the biggest artist of all time. Maybe You know what I mean. Like it's, it's The Biggest Artist, The tr trajectory. It's fucking insane. It really is insane. Yeah. I mean every one of, so many of the songs were the, the craziest thinking about Morgan. I'll be around Morgan and I'll just start singing one of his songs. Yeah. 'cause it's stuck in my head. It sucks. And then you feel like a weirdo, but then you're like, oh, I can't sing that song. And you'll sing another One. What you gotta do is change the lyrics.


Yeah. And then tell him you wrote it and then he'll he might use it and then, Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. And then you get songwriting credits. You know what I mean. Look at that shit man. Morgan Wallen matches Adele and Elvis with another week at number one. And. what does that mean when they say they match? This is an article here in Forbes. Morgan Wallen leads the billboard 200 charts this week with his blockbuster release One thing at a time as the country star earns another turn at number one. His set joins an exclusive club and helps a singer match an impressive feat that's only been managed by a handful of the biggest names in music. It's Insane. It's insane. No, it's bigger. It's bigger than fucking life. Like in Australia. Even in Australia and uk, everything. It's insane.


Yeah. I think he has his trial for it. That's throwing that thing off the building or whatever. What's that? What thing? Yeah, we don't have to go into it. I, I hear there's a sign now. Oh, that says about the chair that you can't throw A chair. Yeah. It's like, don't, don't even try. You're not Morgan or something. That's what I heard. Really? Yeah, that's what I heard. That the sign that says, don't throw anything off this building. You're not Morgan verbatim is what I heard. I haven't seen it. I haven't been into Eric's bar, but I'm trying to think of what I would throw off a building. Dude, you know. Oh dude, You know what I would throw off a building. I would throw a replica of the building off the building so that that's fire. Because if somebody's like, Hey, I just got hit by that building. And then the officer would be like, what are you talking about?


They'd be like, yeah, I just got hit by a really small building of that building. And the officer would be like, you're going to jail. You're on drugs To the other officer? Yeah. Yeah. Course. Oh no. like I say there's a random stranger walking down the street and I throw like a, a replica of like a, I mean like a state capitol. I'm up there at the top 200 stories up. I throw that bitch off. Okay. And it's a replica of the building that I'm in. Okay. It hits somebody like, oh shit, dude, drop my fucking five gods. you know? Okay. And then they tell the police, Hey, somebody just threw that building at me. Now there's a couple things that you can't get in trouble for throwing off of a building. What if it's a brick building?


Bricks. Yeah. Because you'd be like, oh it's, oh, it's going down, it's falling. Like, or it's just age, you know? And also bird shit. You can throw as much bird shit off of a building as you want. Because who's to prove? Who's gonna prove it that you did it? Who's prove that you did it? Oh, you saying I'm a bird? Oh, you saying I'm throwing bird shit on people down there. Prove that go. What about the birds? Exactly. Yeah. What's another thing you could throw off the roof of building And not get in trouble? Oh, a little meteor. Yeah. A little meteor rock. A piece of Gibb meteor. Yeah, a little aortic. He's just throwing pieces of a meteor off the roof.


Whatever man. Free Morgan dude, nobody got hit. Maybe free Morgan man. Yeah. That's all I'm saying. Dude. Dude. Did, you ever get to meet like Elvis Presley or anything like that? What? Yep. Did. you really? No, I was born in 1995. Oh, and when was Elvis? That's a good question. Yeah. When have you been to Graceland? It's Ama, I jumped in the pool. What I, the why you go how they let me Uhuh, was it after hours or something? It Was for I think a New Year's thing and he died. 77. You're way off the Yvonne. My bad Dude. My bad. Fuck.


What's crazy. Yeah. But like we did that deal. I played devil in disguise and they let me jump in the pool. Wow. It was amazing. It, I I love Elvis Presley. Yeah. It was so cool. It's snow. Never. Yeah. His Christmas stuff, man. Dude, the craziest thing about Graceland, I didn't know he's buried there. I didn't know that either. So We're going on the tour and like this is all lamp and stuff. This is where Elvis used, used to hug his wife and kiss his mama. You had a cool tour guy. And This guy, he's a pervert and he said kiss his mouth off 40 times in the row. He'd be like, and I like, he, he what Kiss is mama?


Like what, What was his name? Like Huh? What was his Name? I think his name. It was like, kind of like this, it was like a redneck sort of Native American. I think his name was like feathered or something. and he wasd be like, and he, he's like, I like what? He and people and there's some old women that are like, and I'm like, and he like, he, he. And I'm like, why's that guy's lips all wet? What's up with this dude? Right. And there's no manager there. You're just stuck with whoever the tour guide is. Dude, you know, he Wasn't even a guy. He was just a guy. He just came. Oh, feathered.


But then we get out the back and like If, you guys wanna go smoke? You can go out there. So there's people out there and I'm vaping and his grave is right. I'm like, wait, he's buried here. I did not know that. Yeah, It blew my mind. I Did not know that. Yeah, it's a beautiful, beautiful place. And it's like crazy. Like you, they say I didn't get to go up in the room, it was late. But they say nothing's been touched in the room in his bedroom and like his slippers are still there and everything like that. Crazy. The museum part of it, like where you can go in and see like the books he was reading and everything like that. Like the JFK assassination book that he was reading.


Like that's the last book he was reading like crazy. Yeah. It's pretty cool. So he was kind of a conspiracy guy. Yeah. You think Maybe, maybe that's the conspiracy itself. Maybe there is no conspiracy like To kiss. He did like to kiss His mom mother like I. We understand There's like a tour group of fi four people. Like what's up with this dude? Fucking, and He like that kid did Mom. I like feathered. He sounds cool. Yeah. Ooh, feathered. What was your mom like? Dude? Is your mom a cool lady? Because you have a stepmom, right? Yes Sir. And do you have a real mom too?


Yes sir. Yeah. Yep. Because some people I, I don't know if some people were adopted. I dunno. If, you had a real mom, you Know. Yes sir. Yeah. My mom's name's Nicole. Oh, that's a nice name. It's A lovely name. It's my mom's name. Stepmom's name is Jody. Oh, that's a nice name too. Thank you. It's my stepmom's Name. My mom's name is Gina. That's A beautiful name. you know a name I like? Hmm? Emmi Lou. Hmm? I think that's a pretty name. No. Yeah. You don't like it? No, I did If. You Liked it? At first I was like, but then I was like, yeah em Lou. I like it. What name do you like for your daughter? Feather bed. I Kind like Moira. Why was a beautiful name? That's a, A magic The gathering name.


Is it really? You play Magic the Gathering? No, no, no. We play, what do we play? Sometimes Gin rummy or whatever. But we never done anything. We've never gotten crazy with that. One time my uncle was on wheated or whatever and we played it. That was about as magic the gathering as we got. So it's more just gin. Yeah. Yeah. Just no, not as much Rummy. Yeah. A lot of Gin. Yeah. My ex-girlfriend Megan and me and her family used to play some sort of rummy. You Like the name Megan? I do like the name Megan actually. It's a little aggressive. Yeah. But I think sometimes women might need aggression, you know? Sure. So I think, yeah. I like Maira. Megan? I Like Moira. You like M stuff?


Emmy. Lu's good though. I like, that's M essentially Emmy Lu seems sound like she's gonna be the rogue agent of those three. Yeah. She sounds like a hard ass. Em, Lou is gonna Be getting, I thought about that last night. I also like the name Lou Ellen. Sounds like an elf name. Like an elf. Like a from Lord the Rings. Oh, okay. Right. Yeah. You could imagine like Aragon going to meet with Lou Ellen. Lou Ellen. And well that's a like no country for old men. Maybe it a love's Truck stop. I think I can imagine, you know, when Aragon goes to the Loves Agon at the Mapco is fucking, he's gotta pick up some fucking sick shades.


and he just goes to the, He's gotta get a T-shirt. The Battle of Twin Towers. It just says fucking fucking, He's got a T-shirt that says Get your motor running On it. Yeah. He's got Big Peter belt. Fucking like fucking, he goes, fucks up some orcs. Dude. Killer. I love that. You talking about moms. I don't know how that happened. I was just curious. I didn't know if like Yeah, I was just, I guess I was just wondering where do you get your influence to be like I Think When I was a kid I was wondering my mom to see me, you know? Right. And so it made me like wanna, I think even at the time, if I wasn't like I, remember my mom sometimes, like if we, if we were had misbehaved, we'd have to go downstairs and perform for my mom so we could get outta punishment.


Right. And I think a lot of kids have had to do that, I think. Or or it's not, it wasn't like a set thing. Right. But it was like, we try to be like, all right, we gotta, we gotta do something for mom. Mom's smart, she's hardworking. Let, don't waste her time. Let's make 120 second play. you know what I'm saying? It's like Shark Tank Kinda. Yeah. Yes. It's Shakespeare meets Reservoir Dogs. Okay. We're gonna go in there and my two little sisters like, what's happening? And I'm like, shut Up. Memorize your lines and get the fuck in there dude. And put the bra on dude. And they're like, we're children. And I'm like, it Doesn't, who's putting the bra? Huh? Who's putting the bra on? It Doesn't matter, dude. The, the rules are the rules. And so we would go in there and we would try to make the play and I would try to be the director and one of the actors.


And it was just a nightmare, whatever. But sometimes my mom would have so much fun out of it that she would be like, okay, I'll let you watch TV for half an hour. Or you wouldn't get in trouble. Yeah. Like already. Right. It would be, it would already. She Would be accused. Yeah. Or sometimes she would say, you guys are the fucking, she's like, this is why I don't go see shows in this area and you guys need to go to bed. you know? But that was fair 'cause we were already in trouble. What was your biggest hit, you think We did this sort of like, it was kind of like boy meets world, kind of like a Paw Patrol mashup. Right. Okay. And it was, some people would say it's nothing, whatever. We thought so much of it.


We thought so much of it. And one of the animals got fleas. We had a small dalmatian that got fleas played by my sister and she dies immediately right in the first 40 seconds. Okay. And then the last 120 seconds is, there's a mourning and a small wedding. Okay. It's small. Like a small family and friends type thing. Yeah. It was not like nothing big. Right. It to go from death to fucking Yeah. Life. Right. Well essentially, you know, like the creation of life, you know? Yes. And so stuff like that. Yeah. So I think there was some things my mom appreciated about it. But yeah, I was just wondering like what was your, like Did you, like where do you get your idea that you wanted to be seen in the world? you know, and maybe that, maybe that never happened to you. Maybe you were just having fun and you're like, I'm having fun.


Well, Whenever she let me out of, we had a little like two by two kind of room and had all these locks on it. So whenever she said to me a piece of cheese with a post-it note that said, come on out, I want to hang out. I was like so pumped. So you can't believe, you can believe how pumped I was. Oh, I can Imagine dude. Oh and that fucking craft Single, it's a raw, a raw craft single with the post-it on the front says come out. And I was so pumped. No. you know, I don't know. She's always loved me so much. All my parents have and I'm so, you know, lucky to have such supportive parents and you know, it's awesome too.


They got me into music like my mom and my grandma. My grandma would be flipping out, you know, seeing me play the fucking Opry. And my dad, he's, he was a wedding DJ and he loved metal and hip hop and all that. And it's just everything together gave me the appreciation of just music in general. Like, you know, I, I'm a believer that like, you know, it doesn't, everything doesn't need to be super pigeonholed. There's fucking beauty and love and every piece of music. Oh yeah. And that's why you listen to fucking everything. And that's the best part about it, you know, it's just, you know, oh, I feel like fucking this today.


I feel like this today. you know? And it's the best, you know, I think that's the best thing about being your own DJ is you get to like, you know, I wanna play this. I wanna play this and I'm gonna play this. you know? That's what I feel like you are in a lot of ways. In some ways. And I don't mean that in any, in any weird way. Not at all. But I feel like you're, you're not America's de dj, but you're like, that's Cool, that's cool. Say that You're America's DJ in a weird Way. Yeah. I mean you're born in 4th of July. That's true. That's True. How, I mean, what else are we asking for College? What the hell's going on? I'm American. But it's like I think people find so much joy through you. you know? Does that feel like a lot of pressure? 'cause everybody loves you, you know, Not necessarily true. That's true.


You're right. Maybe that's a weird question, man. I'm sorry to say it. That's, that's kind of weird. What's That? No, not at all that dude. But people, I don't know. I think people relate to you for some reason. And I don't even know if it's always because of music. Yeah. It's just, dude, I think people relate to somebody trying to be themselves. Yes sir. And find themselves through a medium. Yes sir. Whether it be music or art or dance or affection. Yeah. I dunno. And it's not, I guess some of it is judgment. I don't mean it that way. I think it's more No, me trying to explore you.


'cause I think that Yes sir. It's an interesting thing, you Know? Well, no, it's just like I'm, I think people appreciate and can relate to being yourself. And that's like, that's what everyone wants to do. It's hard for us. It is hard. It's terrible now. you know, it's like hards so many societal pressures. I don't know. And then with the, with the pickup of social media and how it just moves at a hundred miles a minute. We talked about this a little bit earlier, but it's just a hundred miles a minute and you can't, like, you don't have time to even If you.


This is who you are. You're going to, I feel the pressure to go with the next thing. You know what I mean. It's like I. That's why I feel bad, like for some of these kids that are just, you know, super immersed in social media and because it's a crazy fucking place. Yeah. And I'm having this like, debate with myself. It's like, oh, like when do I let my daughter have a account and shit? And even less like a, like a, a smartphone You know what I mean. I'm happy with her running around with one of those like, what are they called? Like ladybug phones or whatever that has like your mom's number, your dad's number, all This shit. Yeah. I think it's a T-Mobile sidekick or whatever.


The alias too or whatever where it went like this. Or dude, what if your daughter had like one of those CB radios, like you actually gave her one in her crib or whatever. Or you know, or whatever crib she has at two and a half years old if she's still in there. And that's fine. And I say, Hey, keep Mendel seven. But what if she had in there, she's just sitting in her crib and she's like, break her break. Well we take certification very seriously. So once she could pass a cert class, then, then we can get her the Cb Hey, This is, I don't want her fucking wild rogue on the airwaves. Right. You're right. We don't need that. Hey, this is full diaper to gray squirrel. This is you. You remember that song? It Was full diaper to Gray Squirrel.


Come back, gray Squirrel, come pick me up. Whatcha doing? You remember that song? How great Would that be About? It was about like teddy bear and it was about this kid and his dad like had passed or something and he got ahold of his CB radio and was just like, Hey, I want to be a truck driver one day. I love everything. Like, and then they all come and like take him for a ride in their truck and stuff like that. It's a really sweet thing. But it was a song. Yes sir. I would be tempted to call the police or report him at least because I know for a fact he's not certified. Yeah. So It's a very sweet song.


Yeah. But I, I don't wanna do that. But I have to. You understand, Hey, rules or rules Or rules. Dude, you gotta, oh dude, you're so fucked. And you're gonna be getting a big Fine. This is the most I've laughed in a long time. Dude. Rules are rules. Dude. Dude, what do you think? If, you met an alien, right? What do you, what song would you play for them? Right? This is a big question. So say aliens come. Okay, we send you to meet them. And they're like, yeah, send me, huh me dude, it's out of you. The rock and a probably a diversity hire. Okay. Because some people don't consider the rock diverse anymore.


So it's Yeah. Yeah. It's outta you. It's A little bit of a, show me what you got. Right? So And, what song do you play for the aliens, right? Because you're, it's gotta be a banger because if the first one isn't a banger, it's gonna be a rap Dude. Shit. When them pigs try to spit at you, drop it like it's All, bro. That's fire. No, that's fire. I think it'd probably be Fireball. Pit Bull. Ooh. Get him like ready go Mr. Thrill five. No problem. Yeah. Get him ready to fucking go. Like, hey, all right, let's go. How does That song go? Fireball?


Did he Oh yeah, I've heard that bro. I was at, bro, I was at a dinner. I was at a dinner a couple months ago and fi pit bull plays, right? And we're standing there in the audience and I think it's me and like, you can't Play pit bull at dinner. Well That's the rule. I think that's, that's what I thought. And pit bull's on and we're like, how do we know this is a real pit bull like this? There could be 30 pit bulls playing around America right Now. He went to perform. Yeah, there was a, it was pit bull. Pit bull they said was playing. But then we looked at the guy and we're like, this could be any Uber driver. That's true. You never get closeup shots of pit bull. That's the thing. and he iss always got big glasses. Yes, he was. It was like, dude, there could be seven pit bulls playing right now. We have No idea. It's just like birds aren't real.


Maybe fucking pit bull ain't real. Pit bull ain't real Maybe. it is this. See bro, First of all, this is any pull up, that picture right there in the middle, right above right there. This is any Uber driver. Well, I don't see that but Right. And that's me saying it. You don't have to say it and that's fine dude. But yeah. Oh no, I don't see these kind of, is that pimple on the right? Who knows? Look at that. That's Knows if it's pit Bull. Is that a mugshot? Wait, go back to this one. Is that a mugshot? That's a mugshot. 'cause if that's a mugshot, that's the hardest mugshot of all time. That's not pit bull. That's Jeff Bezos. Of course. But see, right there, it could have been anybody.


It could be Pit Bull, it could be Ana. How about Jeff Bezos getting down. Look at the heart glasses. Where is he here? What festival is this? Bro? He's delivering packages. You feel me? You dig? That's all I'm saying. That guy dude. My friend told me that he can bust big loads. Dude. Is that I made that up. Is that, I Made that up. My buddy told me he's bust fat nuts My buddy. He told me he don't need, he got big busts. That's just a random, you're on the Elvis tour and Featherbed comes and Did. you Hear about Jeff Bezos, He's busting fat nuts. Hey, they call him Jeff bust Zos.


I've been kissing your mother. This is, and this is where I was used to kiss his mom Overnight delivery. Can't decide what's going on. T decide, talking about who knows, what Does this show about Jesus Christ. Christ you were saying. I'm so sorry. You saying No, I saying it could No, Could be Your Saying your child outta your wife's Vagina. Exactly. Let's get back. So anyways, you got a stepmom. I like this Jeff Bezos. So I'll say, Well, I'll say this. The guy's incredible. He is obviously incredible business man. Well, like this Version. Oh yeah. Like whatever he is up to. He's an amazing, I can't even believe Amazon is gonna like, it's gonna probably be very dystopian.


It's gonna be scary. I think What does dystopian mean? Like, Kind of like Orwellian. Okay, so like foreign, mystical, spacey. Exactly. Okay. I think that that's verbatim the definition. Okay. Okay. But I just think like, it's like very thought police. There you go. Okay, here we go. Dystopian relating to or denoting an imagined state of society where there is great suffering or injustice. The dystopian future of a society, bereft of reason. And then the noun is a person who imagines or foresees a state or society where there's great suffering or injustice. So it's like I think with all the drones.


Like you Now I, we were just in San Francisco and our driver got cut off by a self-driving car. No. And you can't even cuss him Out. And how do you go home to your wife after that? Yeah, exactly. It's just like you seen the Tim Robinson show. He's so funny, isn't he? He's So funny. But there's the one where he goes to a magic show with his wife and he, the magician brings him up on stage and just like makes fun of his suit or whatever. And they go home and his wife's like laying there. He embarrassed you and she like, they get divorced. All the shit because the, the magician on stage made fun of his suit and just like made jokes. But yeah.


Cut off by a self-driving car. A hundred percent. And it gets to this point to where it's like all humanity is lost. And now even with social media, it's like, it's very thought police and we police each other. Yeah. Yeah. Turned Into the police voluntarily. Voluntarily is what we do. Wow. and he, and then now everything is heard and seen and everything. So it's just like, I can tell you how many times I've been on my phone and thought about something and then the next time I Google something it comes up.


I didn't even say it out loud, it just, there like I was thinking like, oh, maybe how sick would it be to like jack off on a jet ski in my head. Totally. And I get on Google and like buy the jets. It's like wiki feet and then get this jet ski You know what I mean. It's like fucking crazy. And like, how does that even work? Does it just know you so well that it knows what you're gonna think at this moment? It's just going crazy. And it's the biggest company in the world. Amazon. Yeah. My mama delivers for them. Has she experienced any of that stuff? I mean, she said no, she's nothing. Yeah, she hadn't met anyone. Well, it's just Like the Roombas and shit. Yeah. You know what I mean.


They scan your whole house. Yeah. And it is convenient, but convenient is not always the best way. Sorry to cut you off. Sorry. No, dude, I'm cutting you off. And it's like, I'm sorry to cut you off, but it It's okay sir. It's okay. Thank you Fucker. I'll go. I'll go. But it's like, yeah, it's, yeah. I don't know. I don't know what we turn into more and more as things get, you know, BERNIE SANDERS was just on and he was talking about, and I loved it too. I gotta say that. Yes sir. I loved, I was a Bernie fan, sir. I'll say it. you know, he seems Awesome. Yeah. I, and I don't know all, I don't know every one of his policies. Right. But I was a fan of him. He seems like a great guy to crack a beer with or just Hang out with him. Right. and he comes in and he is like, and he iss got his bag with him and every zipper on the bag is open.


And so immediately I was like, that's me. That's my guy. Yeah. Every guy work it so hard. Keep going. Every zipper's open. There's Visine in one and like a couple masks in the other. He pulls a manila folder out. He looks through it. He is like, he puts that down. Looks at the cookies we got for him. Not interested. I, I think he wanted ginger snaps. We didn't Get any. It's a, it's an old time retreat. I Agree. We thought current treats and are bad. Yes sir. and he goes, I'm ready. And so we start talking man. And, and it was just great. you know, he wanted healthcare for everybody and the things he wants, it's like normal stuff. It's like you just want people to feel safe and normal.


But yeah, I just loved his authenticity. I don't know where this was going. Jesus, I'm gonna, It is okay. The Yvonne on. You're fine to me. Thanks man. I can't believe this is a show. Isn't that wild? Yeah, dude. I can't believe. Isn't that wild? Dude, we tape above my garage. There are people with lots in different cities or whatever. We tape above my garage. Dude, I believe you said top 10 in the whole world. So I can say even you need to just start saying more wild shit. You get jumped to number one. Yeah. Just say the mo say the most wild thing you can into that camera right now.


I'll go to ga. Dude, trust me. And just for you sitting in it, you'll go to jail too. Fuck Yeah. And I'll say deal. That's bad. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't like to kiss his mother Goodbye. I'll tell you that. We've gotten wild enough dude. So the country tour, will the, will there be anything, anything different than your last tours? No, it'll just be tour new music. Tour New music. Yes sir. Lots of fire. I've been, I went and saw George Strait and Chris Stapleton in Utah. It that was awesome. Utah's so great, man. It's Amazing. My brother lives right outside of Mount Zion Park. It's ama Well he's got a awesome spot there. Yeah, we're, we're like 30 minutes outside of Salt Lake.


Yeah. And it's lovely. It's, the whole state is just stunning. It's killer. And there's a sense of freedom. There's a sense of like, I want to do what I want to do. That's Exactly why I went there. I lived in LA for like five years and I was like, I can't do it. like I can't do it anymore. It's beautiful. But the people there, and that's not even LA people, it's, you know, like people who move there and it's just always, I felt like this oppressive energy, it's always like, there's always something to do. There's always something someone wants from you. And I went and did a show and I met beautiful people in LA Oh yeah.


And I've also met a lot of fucking dickheads. Oh yeah. But I did a show in Utah and I was like, this place fucking rocks. And so a week later we got the house and That was it. And It was the best, best decision I've made. you know, I, yeah. My, some of my best shows that I've had recently were through Idaho and Utah. Idaho probably gets down, bro. Those Yeah. Cool. Dude. I didn't know they like GUNS over there, Dude. Oh, you didn't know. I didn't know. There's nothing else to do. I was like, who likes guns? Seven people just shot him. Yeah. Fucking Single action cult fucking single action Army.


Yeah. Yeah, dude. It was all like Cool. Noted. Yeah man. Yeah. So that was pretty cool. So be funny. Yeah. Say so funny, funny man. Fucking, Oh, you tighten up quick, bro. Your postures Fucking, Yeah. And so that was pretty amazing, man. It's going there and it's such beautiful country out there. And I think a lot more people are like, what are we doing in these cities? What am I chasing? Yeah man, I want to be alive. I want to feel like something important. Did you feel like as you got more famous that part of you like changed or disappeared or, 'cause when Did you start to get popular at, or pop, let's just say popular. 'cause fame is a weird word.


Yeah. You know what things happened to you? Did, you notice anything? Did some of it feel bad? Yeah, man. I mean, I'd Migos had a song called I'd Rather Be Rich than Famous. Makes a lot of sense. It's just, especially whenever it's, you're coming like the whole music world so young, it's super easy to just be a fuck up kid. You know what I mean and not know what the fuck is going on. And it was hard. And that's ev Since then I've moved to Utah. I got rid of my social media. I keep way more to myself.


I don't really go out anymore. I just like, and you know, for a long time I was very sad. And I find myself now getting back into what is fun to me, And what I love doing. Been a lot of riding a lot of time in the fucking woods. I just got a really awesome piece of property where I can just sit and fish and beat to myself. And I, I wondered for the longest time why I was so sad. And it was just because I wasn't able to do what I like to do in my current circumstance. And I think it's important for anyone who's doing anything to be able to get out and take some time for yourself.


And for the longest time I didn't do that. you know, it was just head down and go, go, go. But now taking this time to really just do what I like to do is I'm, and I have a daughter, I guess she's cool. She's fine. So that helped. Yeah. Did you really mean that what you're saying? Yeah, Absolutely, man. And I think it's important for everyone. Yes sir. I struggle like I just keep feeling like I need to do more to prove like I don't know what I'm trying to prove things to sometimes. Yes sir. It's like there's this constant, like, I've had it since I think I was a kid, you know? Yes sir. Like, I'm not enough and I just, I dunno if it's, I'm not enough, that's not the feeling.


The feeling is like, I need to keep, I need, what else can I do? What's the next, I just, I have like I have to do more, but it's like, what am I trying to appease? Am I trying? That's the thing I struggle with sometimes, you know? Sure. And I think in the end, later on, I, I've realized, I think as an adult, it's just this endless feeling of like, oh, I'm not enough. I have to have constantly proved myself Yes sir. To you. Like, and, and, and, and if I prove myself to you yesterday, that's not enough. That's not enough. I have to prove myself again to you today. Yes, sir. And I think it's just this, I don't know how that magnet started that keeps pulling that energy outta me. you know? Well you, I think people have the n natural inclination to wanna be great, you know, and it's like, even with music with me, I can only speak on my behalf.


I can't speak on your world at all. But whenever I make a record, I'm already writing new songs. Like, I'm like, I've already done these songs. I want to see what I can do next. I wanna see what I can make next You know what I mean. It's always like, you want to create and we get caught up in this kind of deal where it's just like, it's just like I said it. Everything is so fucking fast. Yeah. Now it's, And like you said, I prove myself to you yesterday. Why do I gotta prove myself to you today? And it's nothing is certain and we just want to be great. I think humans in inherently want to be great and be accepted.


And let me ask you this, what do you like to do? What do you like to do when you're not working? You know, honestly, I like to go fishing, man. Yeah. I like to talk to my brother. I like to think about my friends. I like to pray for my friends and people. Maybe you go be a minister, like a volunteer minister. I was thinking about signing up for the fire department. Okay, hold on. I agree. You're still getting people out of fire, but a little different than volunteer ministry. Okay. But pulling people outta Hades and pulling people out of a fucking, somebody fucking somebody set off a space heater in a, in a Well no, in a, in a Hampton Inn is a little bit different.


Okay. But I feel you, you understand what I'm saying? No, I do. A hundred percent brother. Praise God, baby. Yeah. One day. I think I would like to end up in that, or in some form of like, is there anything from my life that I can share that will help somebody not feel some of the tough parts that I felt? And Yes sir. Yeah. That's it. Your Heart is bigger than your hat, dude. And I, you I can tell that from the first moment I met you. I think we met at Losers the first time. Oh yeah. and we were just hanging out, out back with this. Yep. And, and Earn is the glue of this city. Oh my God. Can we go ahead and say that he Knows everybody. It's amazing. He knows everybody and he, he's just a sweetheart's.


So funny. Yeah. He's killer. and he's so talented. Yes, sir. And I hope he feels how much people love him. Yes sir. Because they do. Absolutely. And I love that motherfucker too. More than life, brother. Yeah. He's, I love you, dude. He's so, I have never, he's the funniest person I've met. He's A whip dude. He's a whip. It's insane. He's just, he's so fast. He's fast. I can't even believe it. Like, it's kind of like hanging with John Mayer. Like, whenever you meet John Mayer, it's like everything you say, he has a one liner in response. And it's the coolest thing you've ever heard anyone say ER's very much like that. I've, I like, he's just, he's going, going, going, Oh, John's magnificent dude. So I went, I met John Merritt probably 17 years ago, right?


Yes sir. And then seven years later I saw him at the Comedy store and my, when I met him, I was working as a tour manager for an artist named Josh Kelly, who also came out of Georgia. But anyway, he and I met John one night and seven years later I was at the comedy store and I saw John and I said, Hey man, I met you. and he goes, I met you at an apartment in New York City seven years ago. and he, he fucking knew. It's insane. No, It's insane. And I was like, oh, you're a wizard. Yeah, he is. He is a wizard. It's Fucking, it was crazy, man. And so when we, yeah, we went and saw him recently at the Grateful Eggen Co.


And it was, how was that show dude? It was so special, man. It was so special. My brother's a huge Grateful Dead fan. And I love my brother so much. I can I, I can't, I don't even have the words for how much I love my brother. Yes Sir. And, and in between the shows, his assistant came out and said, Hey, John wants to say hey to you guys. So we're walking back and my brother's a huge grateful led fan. Like, he's like bought like Jerry's like replica DNA off of Reddit and shit. He's, he had some tough moments, but he's a great guy. And so we're, and my brother's like looking at all the dressing rooms, like, shit you don't do, like, you know, you're walking back, you don't fucking, you know, my brother's like looking at like the, you know, he's looking at like the coffee tray and just what's going on.


you know, he sees Bob Weirs dressing, we introduced himself to his security guard, you know, it's sweet. you know, it's cool. Yeah. That's Amazing. Yeah, it was awesome. And then we got to go in and talked to John and I literally just sat there while they talked about Grateful Dead. Yeah. And that moment right there, that's was the highlight of my life. Yeah. And I can tell you love your brother dude. Yeah. Like so much just basic, you sit there because to be a hundred percent candid with you, I could not name one Grateful Dead song. Yeah. And for you to sit there and them talk about the Grateful Dead. Oh, I love it. That's amazing man. It meant so much to me. 'cause I just knew, and they're both, and my brother is very articulate and extremely smart, especially when it comes to like child development and stuff.


And so, and I knew that in a weird way his intellect and John's would be cool. And it was just nice. But it was nice of John and welcome us. Anyway, it was a great show. I'm kind of bragging there, but, but that was like a cool moment, you know? And the other day I was texting my brother and he iss like, yeah. He's like, Hey, you know John, I, I like, it was cool that John just let us have a regular conversation with him. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, it was really Cool, man. He's a stud man. Much like Earn, that's a, I get the same kind of deal. Oh, you do? Yeah. That's cool. I get, I get the same kind of deal. I think so. Yeah. He's just smart man. Earn is so good. Yeah. I mean he, yeah, it's crazy. I I, he makes me laugh. I'm like, how do I laugh? I gotta talk to him. Yeah.


He's he's, he's a killer. Yeah. He's a killer. And you know, Did he work on a new, is he on one of your new songs? He He, yeah, we did a song together. He wrote a bunch on the record. Yeah. And he's just like, dude, he's on top of it. I can't even believe it. I'm honored to work with that young man and he's just a great heart. It was him and Chuck through them. I met everyone here and it's a, it's a great spot right here, man. I, I just can't believe it. Yeah. What's the time in Nashville been like? So it's been what, five or six months you've been here? Yes sir. Yeah. Five or six months or maybe a little more. I think about Did. you buy a house here? No sir. I want one. It's just so damn expensive.


It's pricey, huh? It is. It is. For fancy house. Whatever, you know. If, you get a new spot. I'll move in with you. I'll move in in the garage. Yeah. Come on in. I'm pretty low Maintenance. I need some help. Yeah, exactly. No, please. I can't swing the Nashville deal, but I'm looking, I'm looking for spots. I'd like a spot out here because every time we come out here, we stay at the hotel or Airbnb and the folks at the hotel are so sweet and they take such great care of me, but I just need a little more room. So we started Airbnbing a little bit 'cause we have the baby out and all that stuff. And then I was like, I, well we'll get a spot.


So we started looking and like stuff that I'm looking at, I'm like, Jesus Christ. It's Pricey. It is wild. Yeah, it is wild. We looked at the same house. I remember talking. We did. Yeah. You looked at it too, huh? I looked at it on the internet. Oh, you looked, you didn't go visit. I didn't go. I didn't go. I went in person. I went three times. Yeah. I didn't go. It's so, I, it's so hard for me to get something that's fancy. You Deserve it. Thanks man. All you need to do is start doing like those, you, you do the youth pastor stuff, but you do it like this big stadium deal. Like the guy, what's the guy's name? Who's like Carl Linz, Who's, I don't want to be in an airplane with a bunch of demons.


So I bought me a private jet. you know who I'm talking about? Damn. Bring that guy up, Dude. Yeah. That dude's awesome. And our producer dude's outta, he's outta dev control Christian. And so, but no judgment here. Let's bring this fellow up. Benny, I'm not a devout believer in Kenneth Copeland. I'll say that. Okay. and he knows who we're talking about. Dude. Kenneth Copeland. That's what it is. I don't want to be, God gave me an airplane ask Asking you about why you don't wanna fly commercial. Why have you said that you won't fly commercial? You said that it's like getting into a tube with a bunch of, Doesn't he look evil? Why do you think that he's got like the classic villain? Facebook? Just a second. Chuck Schumer Not the people. The main reason is because of the need.


If, if I flew commercial, I'd have to stop 65% of what I'm doing. That's really the main, Isn't it true that you wanna fly commercial so that you can fly in luxury? How much money Did you pay for Tyler Perry's Gulfstream Jet for example. Well, for example, that's really none of your business. But isn't True, isn't it? The business of your donors. Listen, Good question. I pay Big Slap back right there. William, the business. You kind of caught me off guard here. Well, fuck, that's A chance to, to catch your breath and, and have a conversation. We don't wanna, we don't wanna catch you off guard. I love, Really? Yes, he Shed.


Hey, you listen to me. My, my wife thinks inside edition is Oh yeah. Yes. I Think might be rolling too. Again, getting back to the comment, Steve m Molly, You said that you don't like to fly first for the Lord. 'cause you don't wanna get into a Tube With a bunch of demons. Do you really believe that human beings are demons? No, I do not. And don't you ever say I did. It hurts. It hurts. We wrestle. Not with flesh and blood, but principalities and powers. Keith, Can you explain what you meant by that, that, by that term, then? Just, just to, Oh, isnt my God, it's wild. And. what state is he from?


He's not from Utah. If he's from Utah. Louisiana. We're F Oh, he is from Newark, Texas. Oh fuck Texas. Isn't that fair? And that's who you grew Up? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He grew up in Texas, I guess. I mean, I guess he's fine. I guess now he's from Lubbock. No shit. That's crazy. That's wild. Hey neighbor. That's wild. Did you. Yeah. What were some of your, what were some of the music you grew up listening to in Texas? Man. Fuck. Or what was some music that kind of first influenced you? Like for me, I had a lot. I mean, John Michael Montgomery to see you play with him the other night too. So cool bro. That we loved listening to him. We loved listening to Clint Black.


We love listening to Garth Brooks. We loved listening to Lil Wayne. We love listening to the Hot Boys. The Hot Boys. you know, man. Yeah, buddy. Those are some of the musicians of like, no doubt, like shit like that. you know, Juul Dude, everything. Yeah, everything that's like, like I. Remember my dad had this, the big ass iPod that was like a hundred or 360 gigs, you remember the big blocks. And I would steal it. I was like, Hey, can I use your I iPod tonight? And it was everything. It was like mega death. Fucking the, the blueprint. Fucking the, the Garth Brooks.


My mom's side. Ho Fucking Allison. Fucking Lane Staley The killer. Yeah. Yeah. So Fucking killer dude. Oh, like, what is that one? I, I think it's the same song, but my way. So I like that. Okay. Sorry. I think that could be also from The Muppets. Okay. My bad. But yeah, I think, yeah, It's almost unrecognizable. No, it's just everything man together. Like, and I grew up in a, like, young thug for me is my favorite lyricist and melody maker, like, of all fucking time.


like I. Remember when he, like, the first song I heard was the, it was him and Peewee Longway. It's a song called Loaded. And I was like, what the fuck? These melodies, like insane. Like, he goes to such crazy fucking places that Free Young Thug by the way it goes. He goes to such crazy fucking places where you, the natural mind, like my melody mind doesn't go, he like I would go down one place and he would go like two octaves up. And I was like, what The Fuck dude, this is mine. And so fun to listen to. Like, so fucking cool. And like a lot of it, like growing up was in my early teens and everything was thug and like Rocky and George Strait, fucking Hank Sr.


Allen. Mega Death. Metallica Fucking Anthrax. Yeah. Just fucking everything Dude. Oh yeah, you're a kid. And even A little dubstep. Yeah, I, I don't listen to dubstep now, but I did like a little flux pavilion, just a pepper. Wow, bro. But dude, there's so much fucking cool shit going on at any, and that's the problem too, like I, remember like SoundCloud just first started and I was maybe one of the first artists to really like blow up strictly on SoundCloud.


Really? I don't even know that SoundCloud, I think it was like 2013 SoundCloud was going and I think 20. I can't, dude, I can't remember anything. I have such a Dory brain, but yeah. And it's so hard now I feel like for new artists to, because of the volume of music that's getting put out, which is a fucking amazing thing. Oh, 2007 I was way off. But that's when it started. It was really popping. Right. Things just start. Yes. That means they, they opened their doors. Yes sir. Probably took five years to Keep going. Yeah. Type in, type in. When did SoundCloud really start popping?


2017. Like in 2017. Look at that. That Chance The Rapper. Post Malone Odd Future. Oh, you're on that list. Yeah. See I'm on the list outta three. There you go. Isn't that cool? Yeah. Super cool man. But yeah, it's hard now, like to get discovered, especially, well it might be, it's either easier or real hard. 'cause you can do something that really just tricks the algorithm and saying like, people get like viral, you know, super viral moments. Yeah. But songs don't have to be viral to be awesome. and we miss out. I feel like on so many like artists that never, you know, so many talented people that never, that Never took the, That never get the algorithm going for them.


But they're fucking killer. And that's like the hard part is the volume of stuff. And I like, I'm a big advocate, like the first recording software I got, I think making music should be as cheap as it possibly can. And you can get your ideas out. like I use a free recording software. I had a $200 guitar, I had a hundred dollars mic and I would sit in my room and fucking make these songs. I love that concept. But it's hard now because you, it's it, like I said, it's so fast and songs are viral for a couple days and then like you, you don't hear much after that.


You know what I mean and that's like Right. Or a train comes through and takes It. But that's what people, people are like, let's make something that goes viral. I just like I want people to fucking express themselves the way that it is. And If, you work super fucking hard and you go like, I'm the luckiest dude in the world. I went viral like that white iversson went viral and that was because of Fat Man Key and he's fucking amazing. Amazing. But you also feel like you were sharing yourself honestly. Yes sir. Absolutely. And that's like, and I think there's so many artists out there that I want to do something in the future where like Audacity, that free recording program. Oh yeah, Dude. The most amazing thing of all.


It's free. It's free. That's the only editor I know how to use. Dude. It's amazing. If Harsh gets Bon in the middle of that, I'll be up on Audacity. Fucking figure out. It's amazing. And it's free. And it has been free. Thank you Audacity. I didn't even, dude, fuck yeah. A thank you Audacity. Isn't that fucking sick? It really was cool. Yeah. I didn't even think about that. I never even thought to thank them because yeah, I'd be up in the middle of the night a podcast episode. Something be wrong. Yeah. Like we gotta fix it. Boom, I'll use Audacity. you know? Yeah. Yeah. I think, you know, I think Express, trying to be real to yourself. What makes you fucking feel what makes you hurt, or what makes you want, what makes you angry or what makes you s you know, what makes you uncertain?


you know, like If, you can find a feeling and, and, and attach your art to it. I think that, that I just, I don't believe that we can't see authenticity. Yes, sir. When we see it. Yes, sir. I don't believe that. I know there's hooks and you can get hooked, you know, you can get hooked on the hooks, you know? But I feel like authenticity you can never lose by just trying, you know, You're not making it just to make it, you're making it 'cause you love it. Right. Well, Bernie, that's one thing BERNIE SANDERS said, I, I said, well, what would you say to a young politician who wants to be, you know, someone young who wants to affect culture the same way you did in the seventies when you decided to become a politician? He said, me. No, not you.


Oh, that's what that explains to Elvis Question you're talking about, you're talking about Ghost Malone, dude, but no, no, no. He said, I said, Bernie, what If you had to say to something to a young person who was the same as you in 1970 or 1968 who wanted to affect change, right? Yes, sir. Who really wanted to have a, you know, who believed that I'm a human, that can have an effect on the world. Right. He said, do it because of what your purpose is, not because you want to get elected. Like you don't have to get elected anymore to serve your purpose. Yes, sir. Right. You can serve your purpose because of social media and because of the internet these days.


Just be as much as If. you got elected If, you were Elected. Yes, sir. So, and I, I, that was pretty interesting to me. It was like, yeah, find the new road. you know, like, just like, even with SoundCloud, it's like find like, yeah, If, you couldn't get a deal if there wasn't a deal. Somebody handing you a deal that's like, find the new road, Find the SoundCloud, go independent. And it's such a cool thing to see like independent artists and fucking them doing all the shit by themselves. Like Yeah. Printing the records, putting it up on DSPs, you know, all this stuff. It's so cool. That's, that's why like I think I, I was saying too, I want to give like down the road whenever, you know, there's more time and I'm not so selfish and self-focused.


Well, and I got my family too, so I'm working hard for that. No, but it's okay. I feel you, man. It's like, yeah, you get going in your own dream and your own dream takes off. And then it's like, how quick do you feel like I need to start to turn around and figure out help And when Yeah. And when can you help others? And that's like, the most important thing for me is either you do it with music, help people, you know, through hard times, or help 'em get through a tough week or whatever. But I wanna make it bigger and help, you know, artists really get a fucking spot and showcase talent. Yeah. Because there's so much that doesn't get, you know, like, it's cool. I'm excited, you know, and I'm about 30 years old.


I'm 20, I'm 29, but tomorrow, or not tomorrow, but next year I'll be 30. And I'm like, I don't have it in me anymore. you know, I'm figuring it out. I'm, I'm like, I'm like, my back hurts. you know? Whenever your knees click, whenever you stand up, you get the old, oh, That's the scariest dude. Yeah. Man, dude, I went to an audition one time and they're like, alright, do the part. And I started reading it. I like pointed and you could hear it was a quiet room and you could Your elbow go, oh, Did, you hear that? You Could hear my elbow click so much. It was like somebody loaded a shotgun and you saw like this chiropractor, there was one key girl in the room. She'd like immediately got her phone out. It was like, you could just tell that was Not that bad, bro. It was bad. Everybody came. Even I, you could see in my eyes, one of my eyes was like, I'm going home.


We'll just let the other one work. you know, I, I cocked in earlier than he Did. you could see fucking vital. You could just see things change. you know? It, It is wild. But it is wild. Yeah. But it is also wild. And it also, you want to get to a place in your life when it comes to like giving back where you know, what you wanna give back to. Like, that's the craziest thing. It's like, I've been in discussions with like about a year and a half with an attorney about starting a foundation and like, well, what do you want to your foundation to be? You can't just make a foundation. Yes, sir. And it's blind. You like the government. You have to make it very specific. And so there's all these certain things and so you have to figure that out. And you don't wanna just be blind. You want to do something you care about. 'cause otherwise then you're supporting something you don't even really care about.


Yes sir. And your passion's not gonna be in it. Can I ten one? Yeah. All right, let me ten one. You gotta pee. Yes sir. You can peel out the balcony If You want. That's not true. Yeah, it is. Dude. Dude, I'm putting this Elmer foot hat on, dude. Brandless. Well That's bad. Hold on. I look like a referee at a fricking, that's horrible too. That's not horrible. I'm doing, why are you too hard on yourself? Dude, I'm so hard on myself, man. Why? What? I don't know why I think, man, this is a great question. Lemme think about it real quick and lemme seriously think about it. Why am I so hard on myself?


I think there's a constant feeling of like, I think, you know, I think it comes from when I was a kid. I have to be enough for you to see me. So how do I make myself enough or okay, where you'll see me, you know? Well, I see you and you're a stud and I love you. You're a killer. Thanks. And there's so many people out there that think the same. The hat did suck though. Yeah. Alright. You're amazing dude, Bob. Thanks dude. Yeah. No, not at all. Yeah, I don't know why. It is just so crazy that it doesn't get built into me, man. Thank you dude. That's sweet. You to say. No, Dude, come on. No, it's just sweet of you to say man.


Yeah, it's like, I hate that. I hate that. I'm always having to like, you know, after a while it gets, you know, it's like I, do I look okay? Do I seem okay? Do I like I? Just wanna fuck it. I'm just tired of the fight, you know? And the fight is just against me. That's, it's like the same thing you're saying. It's like, so I'm not getting in, I'm not getting into self pity mode here. I'm just looking at it, you know? Yes sir. I want people to know that because some, you know, sometimes we can get into self pity. I gotta be careful there. Yes sir. you know, I don't wanna get into self pity, but it's like, yeah, why is that? you know? But even thinking about it like this is kind of helpful, you know? So thanks man. No, thank you Theo.


And dude, the shit that you do and how many lives you brighten every day, just by being your fucking self and doing this show. And it helps so many people. It's fucking bitching to put it mildly. Yeah, it's bitching. Dude. You're such a bitching dude. Right on. You're such a bitch. Bitching. But Steve's almost a little f Okay. No. Yeah, well It's, that's okay. I, you know, High fm, high fm high Film. Yeah, it's high film. Thanks dude. You guys, bro. Thank you man. Yeah, I wish I could think, you know, I think it was just so hard when I was a kid, it was so hard to feel highly of myself, you know?


It was like I just like I. Don't know. I felt like I just wasn't worth a lot, you know? Theovon. No shade, bro. Quit it, brother. Sorry. No Cap. Quit it. Y son of a bitch. Thanks bro. I'm not trying to be weird. No, you're not being, he's like, I'm not for with you. You don't feel like I do. Well, you're cute. Take the hat off. Hold on dude. Look, I kissed your brother. This is where theovon used to kiss his mama. No, I don't know. I, yeah, it just, I don't know, sometimes that old shit fucking comes up, you know? No, absolutely. And that's, And I wanna respect it 'cause that's the old kid's feelings. But also, yeah, I wanna let that kid know the same things you say that like, you know, I'm a deserving person and that I'm a good person and that it's okay.


you know? You are dude. Like Yeah. That's why I asked earlier, like, I get the idea. Well, I can. No, I, you know, we've met times before, but today I feel like take some time to do Fucking Theo shit. Shit. D dude, take that. You deserve it. More than, more than you know, I think. And that's like a really fucking cool thing. You are such a good person. And I Thanks bro. I'm just honored to know you and you fucking kick ass dude. You too man. You Kick ass dude. Thanks for talking to me about that stuff. I know it's not always easy to talk about and I'm, I didn't mean to push push it on you.


No, I didn't. I don't feel like you did, man. you know, it's something a lot of like, like the listeners of this show think about a lot. you know, it's like we talk about that stuff a lot, you know, it's like, yeah. How we feel our relationship to ourselves, that kind of shit. you know? Important. It's important. It is important. And it gets overlooked. Yeah. It gets, I mean, I can't believe it's not a class in school. Like, Hey, how do you feel about yourself? Like, fuck dude, I'd have wrote 70 essays on that shit. Yeah. It's easy. Oh, that's a f. Yeah. Fucking right. Yeah, right. This is, you don't know motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. There's not a world of a little bit more a world of emotional intelligence. Yes, sir. Like when we grow up.


Yes sir. Because it would help people so much. Absolutely. But thanks bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And yeah, like I feel. Yeah, most of the time I feel great, you know, and dude, the past few years have just been so good. It's like going through like so much therapy and I've done ayahuasca treatments and I've done, I've been in 12 step recovery, like Yes sir. 95% of the last 10 years. And so, you know, all of that whole universe has been great. And you're fucking killing it, dude. You, you like, Yeah. Look dude, you're here today. I Made it. You got me, dude, Look, you, You got me and Bernie. Yeah, Dude, I, yeah.


Could I ask for two more sweethearts? Well, I Didn't bring that. If I had a Valentine's when I was a kid, I would've picked a woman. But instead I got you and Bernie and I'll take it bro. Well, double Valentine's very progressive. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Polyamorous Valentine. Hey I, man, bro. Good Band name. Fucking good. Band name. It doesn't even, yeah. Polyamorous Valentine's. Yeah. That's cool Dude. Do you ever, have you seen all the Halloween costumes of you? Have you ever seen 'em? Yes sir. You do. The Cool, a cool story about Halloween. I don't know if I've told this before, but Yeah, tell it man. We were in on Bourbon Street in the Big Easy Oh yeah. New Orleans, man.


I'm from Covington Louisiana so close And I love it there, by the way. It's like the dopest place. But we went on, Oh, it's a great place to go. Missing. Oh, It's the best. We went on Halloween and people thought I was a costume and didn't get stopped once. Wow. They were like sick costume dude. I'm like Ds man, it didn't get stopped once these I know. I love this like, dude, it's so cool to see. I don't know why babies dress up as me so much. I don't know why my ba my, my music is so big to the three and under demographic. Is that true? It Is. Look at all these babies.


Hey, pull up Post Malone babies. Oh my God. And that one has a cigarette. Bring up Post Malone babies dude. Costume. I'm trying dude. Well see. Look baby. Oh baby costume. Hey Theo. Hold on. Zoom in on. It's coming around. It's coming. Fuck is this? Hold on, bring this up. Dude. This kid looks like somebody Gypsy Rose would date or what's that lady's name? Gypsy. It's Gypsy Rose Is her name. Gypsy Rose. Who's that? Yeah, That looks like somebody. Gypsy Rose is probably gonna leave prison for Gypsy Rose Blanchard. Beautiful lady. What'd she do from Louisiana?


Well, who knows what she did? Okay. But she is okay with meeting men outside of prison. Pull back, go to the damn. Go to the babies. Oh my God. Who the fuck? Pull that back up, dude. Come on. The baby would look normal, bro. This baby, I'm not convincing. Convinced those aren't prosthetic feet Though, bro. No joke. I'm not gonna even a joke. And this is no shade. This looks like Travis TRTs son. Bring up Tristan trt. Oh God. I got it. He's gonna kill me for this dude. Love Tristan. Love you love. And your sister and your father. Bring up Tristan Trt. Okay. I don't see it, But hold on. No, put it together for me right now. You don't see it, bro.


You are an artist and you don't see it. I mean, kissing your mother, you don't see it white boy. It is what it is. No, that's the worst picture. Get him. Come on. I'm so what do you want Him in a picture? And put it there. There's 200,000. What Did you Of Tristan Trt. Beautiful young man. Travis Trt son. Talented musician. We need long hair. Just do your best real quick and put it together. I'm trying to, we'll put it together then and we'll come back to it. Dude, What is that one right there? Wait, go back to that real quick sir. Yeah, click on that. Go down. What is that third image?


What does that, what does that say? Why do you draw on your eye? The concept gives me nightmares. Congratulations. Congratulations. What does that mean? I don't know. It looks very Vincent Van. That's Actually on her face. That's like her eye right there. No, it is not. Wait's. Photoshop. What happened? That's Her eyelash and that's her Eyebrow's. Photoshop. Yo, it's it's a drawing. Oh my God. It's makeup. That's cool. That's cool. Interesting placement. Dude, I couldn't even figure that out. That's dark magic. I thought it was a, yeah, I thought it was. That's cool Dude. That's, yeah, that's why I'm driving into the city. That's you stepping out. Who's on the other eye's?


Dark. Magic. Huh? Who's on the other eye? Probably Dennis Rodman. Cool. Hold on. The other, hold on. The other Post. Malone. Oh, it comes out of the beard. Yeah, it's your beard. All right, I get it. I understand that. What are the different Malones I've seen? I've seen Coast Malone. Have you ever seen that one? No Sir. Is it like a shore? It's like, yeah. Mal C, C Coast Malone. Let's not avoid the THEO. VON baby Halloween costumes. That's good. That's apocalyptic. Almost. Coast Malone is good. If. you hit the one, the mountains right there on the fourth one. That's very, I don't see why not. Look, I agree dude.


It's very similar. Well you just gotta get enough land and you could carve it yourself. Oh, Dermo Kennedy's coming on dude. He'd love to do it. Dude. He's an Irish lot. Yeah, we had Coast Malone. Who else do we have? We had Ghost Malone's. Classic Ghost Mal. Ghost Mal Malone is classic. Classic. Yep. Oh, coast Malone. This one's good Test. Malone is good. Roast. I like I. Like the fourth one. Yeah. Pull out the fourth One right there. Yeah. That's my favorite. That is enjoying the Roast Malone. It's Cursed Fucking, that's just a white guy at a Chevron.


Okay. Pull up more. Bring up. What else do we have? Roast Malone. Bring up Roast Malone. Roast Malone's. Good. Roast Malone is good. Roast Malone. It's good. Imagine selling. It's like the Jesus on a cracker or whatever or Whatever. Yeah. That'd go for some money that most. That's terrifying. Yeah. You don't wanna cut into your Christmas ham and fucking Most Malone is good. What's That? It's just a picture of Jelly. Roll. Sorry. And that's an old joke. And if I go to hell for that, that's on me. And that's a, that's it's a cheap joke.


Jelly Roll. And I will say that what a Low blow you cock Up. That is a low blow. But I'll say that it's a low blow to a high guy. And I, I, I believe that I can apologize to him. He's the best Dude. That's the most that, those are the most malones I've ever seen. That's The most Malone. That's The most Malones. Is there something, when you think about your career, you've had a storied career. Sure. you know, and thank you for it, man. you know, thank you for ta just taking us like, you know, you feel like a concierge that takes us through different universes and I appreciate that man. 'cause it's, that's The kind thing to say. Yeah. Well It's important 'cause a lot of artists, they, it's like their wheelhouse is, it's not limited, but it's like, yes.


It's, it's not as multifaceted, you know? Yes sir. And I appreciate that. 'cause people are multifaceted. Absolutely. you know, there's a lot to people and, and, and yeah. It's just good to see that. It's good to see you share like vibrant sides, thoughtful sides, introspective sides, like angry sides, vibey sides. It's just cool to see each share the different sides man. you know, I think that's the new wave of what a lot of people wanna see about, of, of, of artists. Yes sir. Because it's not that you love the music as much anymore. For me anyway. Maybe. Sure. And I'm speaking for myself. Sure. You like the artist, you know?


Sure. And I think that that says a lot for me, it's the perfect marriage of those two. you know, like I can't tell you how many times like I've seen someone. I'm like that dude. Well this is a bad example. Christophe Waltz. Right? One of the greatest actors of all time, in my opinion. Christopher Wal Christophe Waltz. Sorry, Bring him up. He's German. Yeah. Pull him up. You'll know him. If. you see him? I believe In him. I just say Crust Thief. Crust Thief. V Crazy paper airplane throw. I like the Google searches. Hey, People don't need to finish school to work Here. Christophe Walt. Oh, Christophe Waltz.


Yeah. Beautiful guy. You know, you know him. He was in Django. He was in Inglorious Bastards. Yeah. Beautiful guy. But even if he wasn't one of the best actors of all time, he seems so fucking cool. He seems like a great dude. He's got a great smile and a nice German accent kind of up here. And I like, he's just so trill. I haven't said trill and I don't throw that term around loosely. No one said it in a decade. It's Good. Okay. You seems super trill as Boss Zomm. Oh. Breaking up a bottle of trills, like breaking into a fine wine, you know? Yeah. Hold on. Post this. Opened up a Trail, opened the 2010 tri, Somebody called Bieber.


Dude, we're having a night Being who you are and being kind to people and just doing your best to be kind to people is the kind of vibe I get from him and the vibe I get from you. You could be shit, but you're gonna win because you are a kind, kind person. So that's Thanks, Man. I guess that's what I'm saying. I don't know how Christophe Waltz got brought in, but I love you Christophe Waltz. Amen. And I Love you Theo. I need this. What's that? I Love you, theovon. Oh, thanks bro. I appreciate it. I love you too, man. I thought I was gonna get the Me too on that one. I love, I love gig. I've enjoyed, I've enjoyed listening to your music over the years.


I've enjoyed seeing you being like, you know, I feel like when I see you sometimes you're reflection of the better parts of myself and others. And so I see you and I, it reminds me in a smile about where I'm at. And I think that's a nice thing. And it, and there's a lot of people that do that. But you, you are one of the people in the limelight that do that. And yeah, I I, I've loved listening to the songs I've heard in your new album so far, the ones with Morgan, Luke Combs, Laney, Blake Shelton. Yes, sir. And I think there's only four I've listening to so far, but I'm looking forward to listening to, to More than it's out now.


Fuck yeah. Yeah. There's a bonus track out now. Is there? That's what I heard. Yep. And if there isn't, we'll take that out. But Post Malone, thank you so much, man. Thank you. Thanks for spending time with me. And, and thank you for spending time with humanity. I think it's important that we have people like you in the world. Well, Thank you for having me on and I'm so honored to be here and everyone has been so kind to me. And you're the shit. And thank You. Thanks so much, bro. I love you, bro. Thank You, theovon. I love you too. And I love you too. And just keep being yourself, keep being awesome. And don't be a dick. I love you. Have A great night. Be good to yourselves, baby gang.


When I reach that I can.