
Did you know that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry? And China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms, and with the additives that they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of the American Family Farms and your family's food security. mok. The business is simple. Mos meat comes from animals raised outdoors, where a pig is free to be a pig. Hey, buddy. Their farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford. So keep American Family Farms farming by joining the mok movement today at Moink Box dot com slash Theo. Sign up today and get free hot rolls in your first order, spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Theo. Mok oink. Get moked Moink Box dot com slash Theo.


All right, I've got new tour Dates to let you know about. Oklahoma. City north Little Rock Springfield Missouri Kansas City Missouri Sioux Falls South Dakota LA Cross Wisconsin green Bay, Moline Illinois, Colorado Springs, Colorado, Casper, Wyoming. I'm excited to get up there. Billings, Montana. Missoula, Montana, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio, Champaign, Illinois, grand Rapids, Michigan, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas. All tickets available through Theo Von dot com slash TN OUR.


Make sure to go through there. So you are getting directly priced tickets. Make sure you're not at a secondhand site. And Thank you so much for your support. We're excited to come visit. Today's guest is a filmmaker, writer, speaker, comic book aficionado. you know him from his films Clerks Mallrats Jay and Silent Bob, Dogma Tusk, and the list goes on. He has a new film out now called The four 30 movie, loosely based on his childhood in New Jersey. I'm thankful to spend time today with Mr.


Kevin. Smith. I I'll be really weird. Yeah. Look at me. I'm in fucking monochrome. Is that what that, that that print is? Oh, Black and white. Oh, monochrome is black and white. Okay, sweet.


Yeah. I didn't know that. I mean, I heard, I've heard of it before. Fuck yeah. You Bev, but yeah, You're a smart guy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm not a Don. Yeah. I'm a, yeah. I mean, I'm, yeah, Don't fucking don't sweat you. You knew monochrome. It's just one of those things you didn't need. And then it happened, and then you're like, why didn't I? But you did. Yeah. I've seen you speak. You're no dummy. Yeah. It was always in there somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You probably used it. You probably busted it once or twice in your life. Oh, I've definitely, I mean, I've been involved in some, like, it's not ra it's, it's like the most racial of screens if it's monochrome. Right. It's black and white, kind of. It's the, it's the apartheid of print.


Yeah. I scream it when I come. I'm like, come monochrome, because clerks was in black and white. Yeah. So everything ties back to clerks. Ah, only clerks. The only way I can come now is thinking of clerks. Well, I love the Mallrats shoes, man. Those are, so that's, I mean, that, that's really Cool. Thank you. Did we start? Yeah, we'll start. Who made those? Are we started? Yeah, we can. Is that okay? Yeah. That's totally cool. I, I, modern podcasting. I've not gotten the hang of, like, we started back in like 2007. We were doing podcast. Podcast, yeah. And there was always like, welcome to podcast. I'm Kevin Smith of Scott Moser. So there was an official beginning, but lately any podcast I've been on, you're just bullshitting. And then all of a sudden you're five minutes into a conversation.


I'm like, oh, I bet you we started and shit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sometimes it's like I. Think sometimes some places things are a little more formal. I don't know. Sometimes I, I feel like If, you start, if I say start, then it doesn't go as, I don't know. I mean, you're a director. What is that like? If you say? Is it? Well, It depends who you ask. I know. I like to think of a director, but you go on the internet, they'll tell you a lot. Fucking different. He was a director maybe once in his fucking first movie. Every day online. Somebody tells me I'm terrible at my job for the last like, 30 years that I've been doing the job. you know what, that's Yeah. What were you, maybe you don't, you're like, I've never gotten a bad fucking review. Do you dig into your comments? Yeah.


No, we don't. I I don't dig into too much, man. I was actually talking Joe Rogan. I spoke with him recently and he was saying, don't read the good shit. Don't read the bad shit, Bro. Are we gonna start dropping names this early in the podcast? Sorry. I mean, you just whip that out. You like a cock? Yeah. Like fucking Who are you Louis? CK. I wasn't ready for that. All of a sudden we're talking Joe Rogan and shit. What? Why are we here? like I thought you were a Nashville person or Tennessee? Yeah, I live in Nashville. Yeah. But we, we have, we, we kept our studio here. And so sometimes we tape here. So you live in, do you live in Nashville? I live in Tennessee, yeah. Full-time. Where In Tennessee? I live just like right outside of the city.


I live kind of by like Lipscomb High school. So You live near Nashville? Yeah. Yeah. I fuck with Tennessee a lot. They like us there quite a bit. like I was just in Kingsport. 'cause we did the Smoky Mountain fan fest. And then like a month before that I was in Knoxville. Like, anytime I'd go out and do shows, that's generally a place that I've always wound up. I was in, can I tell you a fucking story real quick? So I was in, recently, I was in Kentucky. I went and did a show in Lexington. Lexington is awesome. Beautiful. Right? So I, I'm, I, you know, when I'm, I, I'm vegan. I hate saying that because everyone's like, fuck, you know, I'm eating twice as much meat. And I'm like, all right, that's on you. Yeah. People don't, yeah, people, they Get tight. But I want vegan 'cause I almost, It's like being stomach gay or whatever.


Fuck They, they, I want, I I, I had a heart attack six and a half years ago, so I wound up going vegan and it helped used to be happy. Now I'm fucking vegan. So it's just part of, you know, it's just what I do, but I, I don't try to push it on people and shit like that. Like when I started smoking weed back in the day, I was definitely like proselytizing for that. Like, oh my God, you should try this. Veganism. I don't proselytize for it because people get really triggered by the word. Now if somebody's like, Hey man, how'd you lose that fucking way? Or you know, some people been like, you fucking ozempic bitch. I'm like, no. Fuck. I, I, I went vegan after my heart attack. That's how the weight went away. Not because like, you know, I, I necessarily tried, although I do now fucking walk over 10,000 steps a day.


But, you know, I, I was like, I, I don't want to die, so let me try this. Yeah. And I thought I'd do it for a few months and then go back and then I never went back. Being vegan, you mean? Yeah. Yeah. Can you still have houseplant if you're a vegan? Or is that like a weird Absolute number one? I, I, I'm sure I am on some left level unethical vegan. Who should think about that? like I. I do love animals, so I'm sure that's some part of why it's easy for me to be vegan, but I was not one of those like I, I'm doing it because it's the right thing to do. I did it to save my fucking life. Yeah. And it worked out and shit. So even if I like, you know, it was like, fuck a house plant I'd, I'd still go vegan.


Yeah. Where were you going with that house plant thing though? Oh, I just didn't know. If. you were like a plant If. you only eat 'cause vegan means you can only eat plants. What is the idea that, well, I'm plant-based. Okay. So is the idea that if I, I can't have a plant base 'cause I'm like, well this is my friend, but I'm gonna eat 'em. Well it would just seem like they would catch on like People, it would be like having a fish tank and eating, being a person that Eats fish. Yeah. And being a pescatarian, pescatarian, shit like that. Yeah. I guess I was like, at some point they, they're gonna catch on. you know what I'm saying? They're gonna be like, this guy's playing both sides of the net And the plants are gonna start leaning more out and shit. Get defensive. That's where the Venus Fly Trap came from. A plant that was like I must defend myself against a vegan. That was One of the first craziest movies that I ever heard when I was a kid.


Little Shop Horrors. Yeah. Little Shop of Horrors. Yeah. It was like a weird movie Musical. About like a Venus fly track Kinda. Yeah. Yeah. The Audrey Two. And it had a plant that could fight People. Plant came them outta space though. Oh, that's right. You didn't lose a lot of sleepover Did you. No, I didn't. I wasn't. Oh, I don't think it scared me. It was just interesting. It was like a little bit before my time, like Right. Like we didn't, I, I don't know if I've ever seen it. I Saw this shit on, just remember off Broadway because I grew up like on East Coast, so Oh, You saw the musical? Yeah, Like on stage and shit before it became this musical, which is awesome as well. Oh, before it became a movie? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. So it was a big musical. First It was Dang Off Broadway Hit You Look and that It was a big ass puppet like on stage.


Yeah. There's a picture of it right there, I Guess. Yeah. Kind. Well, yeah, kind of. There's on stage the the ones to the, to the right. And that one picture that looks like the stage show. Oh, I forgot like again, modern podcast you guys like have a screen and you spend an inordinate amount of time looking at images and videos and shit. That was something that never occurred to us in 2007. Yeah. You just had to use your imagination. Well We just talked to each other. Yeah. And there was also no real video component. Like that was the attraction of doing the podcast is like I can just fucking do it. Dressed like, however I'm, it was like voicing animation or something. Yeah. But y'all have gotten it down to fucking science. like I, you know, when I went to Thom KO's place fucking well Joe of course.


And Bert, all y'all have free drinks. Yeah. like I was just out there and they're like, you want water? And that's kind of standard. And I was like, oh yeah, I'll, or like, or would you like Celsius? I was like, what do you mean? And there's a fucking Celsius cooler out there. Yeah. That is stock. It's more stock than a seven 11. Who's fucking dick? Are you sucking to get that much Celsius? Man? Oh Dude, And. What am I doing wrong? Theo. Yeah. I don't, I don't dunno. like I don't have big vegan. It can be Okay. You just don't swallow the meat. Okay. you know what I'm saying? You put it in your mouth, you just don't swallow. I Why on earth can I get this fucking podcast thing down to a science? I'm doing it. But you Were one of the premier, I mean, you, you were one of the early guys in it.


Do you know what the, here's where I thought, and I've said this on other podcasts, so we'll do other things and shit. Vaughn Word. That's awesome. like I thought I was so smart. 'cause I was like, oh, we'll do all these podcasts and we give 'em out for free. And then when I'm in their town doing a live show, that's when they'll buy a ticket. 'cause they've gotten all this free. And that was how I was like, and that's how we'll make money on podcasting. So that was your strategy from the beginning. You're saying? That Was my generation. I mean I, it wasn't even my strategy. Right. It was just like I. We really, it just started. 'cause I was like, this is fucking fun. And we're, me and Boser were sitting around like goofing off and having a microphone on. Fun conversations appealed to me. We always take snapshots of people and whatnot. There are pictures to memorialize a moment.


Capture a moment. But nobody ever really records a conversation and shit. A normal conversation if you're on tv. Sure. So that's why I loved the podcast and the idea of doing that shit. And then one day we had a lot of people listening to the podcast and they were like, my, my business manager's, like, you got a bill for a thing called the Server. And it was like really high. And I was like, what the fuck is this? And it turns out podcasting's free for everybody but the fucking podcaster, particularly if people watch the podcast and shit. So we were ser ho hosting on our own server. Ah. So we had to figure out like, all right, what the fuck? How do we pay for this? And I was like, well, we could do it live. We could start doing live shows. But even before that, like I remember like we were, it was, it was so primitive and we were reverse engineering going like, what, what did they do in the early days of tv?


Like on 21, that game show they had geral, like as a sponsor, advertising we should get an advertiser. Like we've been watching TV our whole lives. But when we, we were doing the podcast, like it was, it was less going like perhaps someone will pay us to say things about their product like they did in the fifties. So Just the hard way of learning it really was, It got harder because the sponsor we reached out to, the first sponsor we had was Fleshlight. Like, because they had written me a letter after Zach and Mary Mega Porno. 'cause we had a whole Fleshlight scene and they were like, Hey man, If, you ever wanna do a fleshlight? Like fucking let us know. And that, and I've still, one day I will do the Kevin Smith's mouth, like fuck him in the mouth.


My own fleshlight. Yeah. That, you know, a fan. Well then people leaving angry comments can actually take it. you know what I'm saying? That's what I'm Saying. A fan and an enemy. Somebody who hates your shit fan. And a hater could both enjoy that. Like, fuck Kevin Smith or Fuck Kevin Smith. So they had written this really lovely letter and filed it away like, oh that's cute. And then Fleshlight You Mean Fleshlight. And then when we needed to pay the server bill and shit, I said to Scott Mojo, I was like, man, what if we reach out to Fleshlight? Like they, maybe they'll sponsor our, our few shows if we like. And so they were way into it. Like this was, this was so early in the game, we're talking like 2007 maybe on the cusp of 2008.


Wow. And so in so Much so that Rogan called me like in 2010 going like, should I fucking use Fleshlight? Yeah. And I was like, for your dick. and he goes, no, for the show. And I was like, oh, number one, use it for your dick. It's amazing. I said, number two, definitely use it for the show. And so they started advertising on Joe's show and then they start selling way more flashlights. 'cause they'd been with us for like two years and anybody who listened to us, it's like, we're fucking it already. Yeah. you know, it's its own market's. Got a glass ceiling So to speak. But once he went to Joe, they shattered the glass ceiling. Joe Rogan shattered the glass ceiling for Fleshlight. There was your fucking headline. That's what you don't get credit for. So that's true.


So we had to figure that shit out. And then like I remember trying to take it out on a live show like I used to do Q and As, just be by myself evening with Kevin Smith and shit like that. Yeah. Kind of close to comedy, but more, I guess now they call it crowd work, where it's like, look, I need you to say something before I can be funny. And so I'd let the audience ask questions, then I'd go off and stuff like that. Yeah. 'cause I've seen you guys do live podcasts and over the years, I mean obviously I've seen you do a lot of stuff, but just for the listeners, you don't know a server. It's like where you kind of host your podcast so that it can go out into the world. So we were just on the server that our files were on. And the email, what is that used for the office? It was our, the vq.com server. So we hosted a website right.


vsq.com. So because of that, we already had a server up and running. So that's where we started hosting 'em. We didn't like now you'd feed 'em into Apple Podcasts. That shit necessarily didn't exist. Oh, That's true. That not even have been there, I'm telling you. So people had to get it. Like, it was almost like a am or like a CB radio. Like there were probably people listening on CB radios. We Were, we were fucking distributing podcasts via Carry Pigeon at that point. Like we would roll up little things to their legs and set 'em off. And people in other cities would be like, I get it. I get it. It was weird it going into a comedy club and go on like, we wanna do a podcast here. Like, 'cause you know, I toured so much by myself that when I, I asked my agent at one point, I was like, Hey man, me and Moj want to go out and do podcast in front of people.


So can you hook it up like in, in any of the gigs I normally do, but all those places, like didn't want to pay me what they normally pay me. They're like, what are you doing? And I'm like, well, I'm sitting next to my friend and we're talking to each other and they're like, and you're not gonna take questions? I was like, no, I not, I maybe, I guess, but that's not really part of the show. They're like, I, I, I don't know. That sounds risky. And so we had to fucking do the show for like 70, 30 splits, like at very small clubs. 'cause they were like, what do you mean a podcast? Yeah. Like that kinda shit. So after the first tour, like, and then we put the shows out, people were like, oh shit, it's fun. And doing it with a live audience was this weird experience.


'cause we'd always done it in a room like this with nobody but each other, entertaining each other and then suddenly do it in front of people. you know, it's a world of difference. Yeah. I mean podcast in Room with the World p the podcast. It, that was the n word of like, like whatever, you know, video, audio communication or whatever for a while. Like you wouldn't even say it. Or if somebody said he were like, this guy's a outlier or this guy's a, you know, a pervert or whatever. Or you know, I Think this guy's a petto. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, oh, Petto Cast. Is that what you fucking said? I remember when we did t Yeah. We're here to catch. Yeah. Have you seen all these videos? Every video now online is just like, this guy's here to meet a 14-year-old.


You see those videos all the time? No. Is that right? Yeah. Sorry. I mean There's a TV show all about That. Yeah. But they now it's like every o everybody's a Vigi. People are doing it their own, on Their own. Vigilante. It's so rogue. There's an industry this who's The guy that does it? What's his Name? Chris Hansen. Which To be fair, you know, he, he's good at it, but Oh, he was The, I guess anybody could the, the Stanley Petto busting Chris Hansen. That's what it says is Chiron and every TV appearance. Now it's Kevin and now it's just, I mean it's people, I mean there's thousands of them that go up all the time. It just like constantly Ty Rowan came to meet a 13-year-old girl. It's always at like a Walmart or something. But yeah, it's a big business now, right?


Not, I shouldn't say it's not a big, but catching these people, baiting them online yourself, people just to create a, you know, and then get views and stuff like that Is a thing. It's A dark world. But I interrupted you. But yeah. That's so wild. I didn't even think in TN, Theo Tusk, our main character was a podcaster and there were a bunch of, yeah, Hailey, Joel, who is it? Hailey. And, and Justin Long was the guy who got turned into a walrus. But like that, when we put the movie out there, there were some reviews that were like, he has a job I've never heard of before and shit like that. Wow. Like fuck it was a, now it feels like, well I mean like only murders in the buildings is predicated on podcasting.


Yeah. Like pod podcasting has become absolutely massive. But yeah, I'd never figured out how to make money. Money from it. Certainly odd enough to have a fucking Celsius fridge. Yeah. What is that all about? How does that happen? Dude, they mailed it one day and the guy who's they? They, I want details Theo, I guess you can't just fucking gloss over this like that. That's the most impressive thing I've seen in a month. Lord Celsius. I guess sent it, you know, is that, who was, What is he like, you know what? That's bad of me. I'm assuming it's a guy. Could be a lady, but I assume you would've called her lady Celsius if That's Yeah. Her, her Majesty. Yeah. I don't know. Pretty Celsius. I can't imagine Empress. The Emperor Celsius. Yes, the Empress Celsius. That's what it's, I Know. Fuck, fuck. All was fooling around. How Did you get that free shit. They tell me right now.


They, yeah, we had a sponsorship with 'em and then they sent that at some point. And it's kind of like some of the guys have str, you know, some of the guys can't move, turn their necks have had so much of it. It's fucking, My kid introduced me to it. 'cause she's like, it's vegan, you can drink it. I was like, right on. And then kids are drinking it. Yeah, I can, well she's 25 I guess. I don't know if she counts as a kid anymore. But one day she came over and we were recording a podcast. We got podcast that's dropping on iHeart. It's called Beardless Dickless Me, I Get a free plug. But we were about to record and I cracked a Celsius. And she was like, how many of those you've had today? And I was like, this is the 10th. What? And she goes, what are you fucking nuts? It's an energy drink. And I was like, she said it was vegan. She's like, those two things are not mutual exclusive. She said, you're a fucking heart attack victim.


She's like you. And then she went online like the way you guys are, like somebody's in another room fucking looking shit up. She immediately went online. She was like, oh my God, you can't have more than fucking two a day. What are you nuts? Yeah, They're very strong. They're tasty man. They're good. But they never felt that strong to me. like I never felt like hyped. But maybe you don't feel it. Maybe that's the thing about a drug, right? I've never been in the throes of drug abuse. Maybe I am. And I don't even fucking know it. I've, I mean I Could be enslaved to Celsius. I never met anybody that's had 10. My friend Brad used to work for a Red Bull and he worked You serious? You've never met anybody had 10. I've never met anybody that's, had he seen One run a wild crowd And you're like, I watch videos that are fucking the dark web and shit. And you've never met anyone that had tape? Not in One day.


Not even in one week. I don't know. I mean, I don't know. I have a couple friends that probably have, but they, I just, we haven't talked about it I guess. But the one thing that I was thinking about was my friend Brad used to work for Red Bull. Yeah. and he said at their Chris, there's a one 800 number. If people are like, have had too much Red Bull or whatever they call I can ask, they call I'd be Help. Help me. What do I do? Yeah.


You know the devices in our lives are so connected these days. Whether it's your watch is connected to your thermostat or, or your cell phone helps run the lights in your home. The world is getting smarter. Your e-commerce business should too. Whether you're looking for incredible efficiency or your business has outgrown your old shipping solutions, ShipStation helps you take the next step. They helped us deliver a better customer service experience with industry leading features that help you find the best carrier rates, print labels, and make customer service a breeze. ShipStation. That's what I'm recommending. Lead your e-commerce business into a smarter future with the shipping software that delivers Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code Theo to sign up for your 60 day free trial. That's right. That's ShipStation dot com code Theo.


It's so hot. If, you tested my tested anything inside of me right now. It would test positive for Liquid. IV. That's for sure. I've been taking them all weekend. And you can take them from the trail to the campsite. Hydration and energy are key to successful outdoor adventures. Liquid IVs. Hydration multiplier plus energy delivers a hundred milligrams of natural caffeine plus three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. So you can accomplish all the things you want and need to do. I like Liquid IV. I mix it in. I pour out a little bit of my water. Leave a little space in there so I can add it in. Put on the cap, shake it up, see that it's dissolved. And bam. Daddy's liquidated baby and hydrated baby Liquid. IV all in one formula provides mind and body energy plus hydration that leaves you feeling focused, alert, and ready to take on anything. Take on the great outdoors and battle dehydration with Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com. And use code Theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today. Using promo code Theo at Liquid IV dot com.


That happened to my wife with Yeah. Weed once we were on the bus and we were in St. Louis doing some shows at, in St. Louis. And I had a bus in those days 'cause I wouldn't fly 'cause I got thrown off an airplane for being too fat. Oh. And so I traveled by bus and everyone was like, you're like Madden, but I don't follow sports. I didn't know what that meant. Were you too fat? Did they pull a scale out or how did they even do it? They just guessed. They, I, the way I understand it years after the fact was 'cause somebody was like, Hey man, I work in the industry. I think this is what happened. 'cause they never flat out told me it was a packed fucking flight. I wasn't even supposed to be on that flight. I was supposed to go to next flight, but they had room. So I was like, oh, fuck it.


I'll get on this. When I walked down the jet, excuse me, like the one guy was like, where are you going? And I was like, they gave me a ticket, I'm getting on. and he is like, no, there's too many already. And I was like, well I, the lady just gave me this. and he is like, oh. So I walked onto the plane, sat down, I sat between like two women in like the bulkhead of like If. you first walk in and you go to the left. That's, we were on the, on the right side of the plane. And you know, I'm sitting there and shit and fucking buckled my seatbelt and whatnot. And the armrests were there and I was definitely fucking weight heavier than I I'm now how Much do you think you were? Three. Three. I probably weighed my area code, which was 3, 2, 3.


What? Yeah, I was as high as three 30. 3 34 at one point. I think that's the biggest. I went, We look like a healthy 180 5. Right now. It's between, I, I live between 180 5 and 200 depending on if it's a bread week or not a bread week and whatnot. If I'm breading up, then like I could kind of tend to blow it up and stuff. Oh yeah. But that was again, that was the heart attack. That was like after the heart attack. I was so fucking terrified of dying and shit. And actually I wasn't at the heart attack. I was fucking cool about it. like I was always scared of dying and shit. Yeah. And then on the table, like the, the guy had told me Dr. Laden, my guy, my cardiologist who just fucking retired. and he told me before he retired, I was like, well now you're going, what do I fucking do?


Who's my new cardiologist? and he was like, Kevin, you don't need a cardiologist anymore. It was like the end of Wizard of Oz. It was like, you could have always taken care of your own heart, just put your feet together or whatever the fuck. But he was going like, you're, you're past it now he's going, now you just go to your regular internist and then if you've got a problem, then you go to a specialist. And I was like, well I don't even have that. And so he introduced me to a new guy. But in any event, going way back to me on the table that Dr. Dr Laden heim, he goes, you're having what they call widow maker heart attack. you know what that is? And like, it kind of self-explanatory, but I was like kind of, they had japped me up on fentanyl. So I was like, no, geez, what is it? I was very chatty. and he was like, it means in 80% of the cases where the patient has what you have, the patient always dies, but you're gonna be in the 20% because I'm good at my job.


and he disappeared into my crotch and made magic. That's how they get to your fucking heart is through your dick. Isn't that amazing? No way. They use a catheter. They they go through catheter? No, it, well, they go through your femoral art. They technically don't go through your dick, but it's right next to you. Is dick adjacent? Yeah. It's as close as possible. Like if somebody was fucking If, you were like, lick me where they fucking put that fuck, but lick me on my femoral. You're close enough to the dick where he might as well just fucking go over and give that one as well. So they went right through the femoral to the heart. And you know how they're always telling you like, oh boy, at a man's heart in his stomach, bullshit Right through the fucking dick. Wow. Science. Right? They're science. Yeah. So he told me that. And you know, I'd always been afraid of dying, but like, you know, nothing I could do at that moment. Like all the fucking damage had been done. Whatever I'd eaten fucking my genetics, whatever.


Fuck led me to that moment. So all the fucking like, why in the world wasn't gonna hell. So I just started facing the fact, like since I was looking up, I was like, this might be the last ceiling I see. Oh, for the rest of my life. And this may be the last room I'm in before And what'd you wear? I was wearing a hockey jersey. 'cause I was doing a special, I was doing a standup special that eventually came out. It was called, Oh, you, it happened on stage that you had a heart attack? Did not, not on stage. It was between two shows. Now when you're go on tape a show, you shoot two shows and they put the best of it together. We shot our first show, then I went backstage and we had an hour before the next show. And in that hour, that's when it all fucking happened. I was like sweating. I was like, can't fucking quite catch my breath and shit. So while I was laying on the table, I, I got comfortable with the notion of dying, like dying suddenly I was like, oh shit, this is like graduation.


like I left high school. Like if I could leave this world, if I left high school and high school was fun and I hated to see it end if I left that, you know, and the shit worked out. I can leave this. There's an ending. Of course there's an ending to everything. There was a song fucking turn, turn, turn. You got this? Yeah. Beatles. Yeah. Well I, no, I think it was The Birds, but regardless, the, the I somebody will look it up for you. Yeah. And so you, so so I was lying there and I was cool with the notion of like fucking dying. I'd come to the total peace with it where I was like, you know what man, like I have my time. Like, and this is it. And like you had a real good life. Better than fucking most use some cool shit and whatnot. There I was. Wow.


And I was like, so if this is the case, you look Handsome for a dying guy. Not bad, right? Well I was on stage previously, right? Oh, that's true. Right off stage. No makeup, but still, But still. So I was like, if this is it, this is it. you know, like you push back from the table, don't be the last guy at the party that's like, Hey man, you got any more beer? Like, fuck off. And, and you had your time. So I was cool with that. So I, I was okay with dying utterly at peace. I was like, if it ends, it ends. Then Did, you have to talk to anybody before. Sorry, go On. Just the doctor, just the guy who was in my fucking crotch and The nurse Did. you write a note to a kid or to your children or anything? No, 'cause it was, it all happened so fast. Like, my wife wasn't there. The kid wasn't there. They didn't find out until after the fucking fact and shit. So the only Thing bought stuff. So they had to get you on the table immediately. Soon as I got to the, they took me, picked me up from an ambulance from the Alex Theater in, in Glendale and took me, they're supposed to take me to a closer hospital as per the shoot schedule.


Like whenever you shoot a thing, there's like, this is where you gotta go if somebody gets hurt. That hospital was closer. But the, the first responders, the medics who picked me up, motherfuckers saved my life. I don't even know their names. I gotta figure, I You know what I gotta go out and find their names. Yeah. These two kids came in backstage, the Alex Theater and they were trying to put leads on me and shit. What's leads, you know, like the on your, on your chest so they can measure your heart rate or whatever the fuck. So I was wearing a hockey jersey and again, I was way heavier and shit. And they lift up my shirt. I'm like, whoa man, fucking you never do that to a fucking heavy dude. And shit was like, bro, what are you talking about? They're like, we gotta get these on you. I was like, well fucking, I'll hold it out. You reach under, but there's too many fucking people and shit. So they did that and once they took a reading like I do, remember the, the woman looking at the man like, you know, an unspoken look, you know, I'm, I'm supposedly I'm a director for a living and shit.


Yeah. So sometimes you gotta a frame of shit moment, somebody moment that clue or whatever. Something like that. Yeah. Where it's, you know, fucking just one of those. It wasn't that shifty where it's like, uhoh, what does that mean? But I did see a glance between him and then my man goes, you know what, we're gonna take you to the hospital. And I was like, oh please don't do that. This is embarrassing. He goes, no, just in case he's going look it, it'll help me. Like it'll look good for me and my job and stuff. and he is like, you never you ever been to the hospital before? I was like, nah. I visit people. He goes, oh, you're gonna love it. It's gonna be great. Like, you know, he Said, you're gonna love it. Huh? He was, he was selling it man, Maybe. It was for a big farm or something. Well he, thank God that dude made the call. He did. And her, the two of them, the two me. And they chose not to go to the hospital, supposed to take me to, they went to one that was a little further away because they knew that was the one where heart people went.


Wow. And thank God they took me to that one. And that guy who saved my life, Dr. Dr. Leidenheimer, Leidenheimer Laden, Heim Leidenheimer. He was, he like got pulled in at the last minute and shit. Like all of it like worked out. But I saw another doctor, Dr. Paula like months later, man, like after this all happened and after it happened, I went on Colbert and told the story. I told the story for like, I know you told years and shit like that, right? So I finally see Dr. Paula's, we're gonna go make Jay and Silent Bob reboots. This is like 2019. And she's a doctor. You see before you go make a movie or something like clears you, you know, especially for the director. 'cause you gotta in, you gotta, they gotta insure you for the whole run of the show, since I just had a massive heart attack, the insurance company was like, make sure this motherfucker could direct.


Like, we know we can't direct like we've read the reviews but like make sure he can direct on set. So when I came in to see her, she was like, oh my God, look at you. She's going, I heard about your story. I, I saw you talk about it on TV everywhere you talk about that heart attack. I was like, yeah, I know. And she's going and you keep talking about how like it was 80% chance of dying. I was like, yeah, she's going. I I'm gonna tell you right now, she's going, I'm gonna tell you a story I've wanted to tell you ever since I heard about your heart attack. She's going, you know, I used to be in cardio. And I was like, get outta here. She says Yeah. And there were four of us working Cedars on a heart patient, you know, open heart. We're having the surgery and all of a sudden right in the middle of it, massive widow maker strikes. And I was like, well if you're open heart surgery, have it in the hospital before doctors on.


She goes, not the patient. One of the doctors drops to the fucking floor. What has a massive heart attack. Wow. And I was like, well at least three other doctors in Cedar Sinai. She goes, that's the point of the story is we lost him. She said, we had all the talent in the world and all the tools to save a human being. But when it comes to the widow maker, it ain't up to the doctor. She's gone. I love Dr. Layton. I'm, but you give him a lot more credit than he probably deserves because he did his job. Right. But it ain't even up to him at the end of the day. Damn, he's not even any good. I mean he's good enough 'cause I'm here so I'll always believe in him. But she was like, that thing makes up its mind and does what it's want, what it wants. She's going. So she's going, I heard you say 80%. She's going, I just wanted to correct you. That's not true. I was like, I always thought that was I she goes bullshit.


It's 83%. Wow. 83 17. She's like 83%. The patient goes, she's going. So you're here for a reason. Keep telling that story. She's going because people don't know. She's like the way you talk about it and shit, that's how most people think about it. It's true for the last five, six years, man. Like this No bullshit von word. I love that. Yeah. Somebody made that For us. It's a fucking awesome. Very Sweet of them. I was walking on running recently. I got these two German shepherds walking 'em up, running Birdie and, and Lucky. And this tall dude stops me and he goes, Hey man, I you know, have my headphones in. and he goes, Hey. And I say, Hey, what's up? and he is like, I just wanted to tell you like you have saved at least six lives at my job that I know of.


And I was like, Ooh, wow. and he goes, I work at Kaiser, I've had at least six people come in with heart ailments that reference you. He's going sometimes they know exactly who you are. They'll say Kevin Smith. He's going a lot of times, I'll be honest, they say Kevin James, but they're talking about you. Yeah. Sometimes they go, he's the guy. You don't say nothing in movies. He's going, but all of them have heard you talk about it. And because they did, they were like, I should go in just in case. And he's going, these people would've died otherwise he's going. So keep doing what you're doing man. And so when I got out, you know, I went, I was in the nuthouse like a year and a half ago. And so when I got out there like I put up a video. Damn you fucked people magazine and shit. Fucked up.


Yeah, sorry. It happens. I mean everybody is, you'll Get there one day. Oh I've had I, yeah I could be there this afternoon, but I'm hearing you especially, Well not with that free fucking Celsius man. You're living on Easy Street Theo. There are those of us who have to fucking pay for Celsius. you know how much I pay for those 2 89 a can this motherfucker camp. I come in and he goes, take as many as you want. I was like, God, hello new best friend. I wanna work on your fucking show. Oh, I'll just greet people. Like there's a nice dude who gr greet to me in, in the fucking parking lot and goes, oh man, I'm a big fan. like I loved your movies when I was a kid and shit. I'll be that guy. That's especially if I get to walk home with like fucking oh, 12 packs Of you'll float home, dude, there's ain't looking For free money, dude. I ain't that kind of like fucking all of Pack carpet bagger. But just, just a, I just wanna we my On drip a little on tongue.


Yeah. Just drip a little on my tongue. They the Yeah, all of our cabinets are filled with it. They've sent too much actually. So what? Yeah. Don't fucking say shit like that. I'm, I'm telling you like fucking how I, I thought I knew, I thought I had the podcast and came down to a science and you're like, we have so much Celsius, we flush it down the toilet on a regular basis. I'm like, no. Yeah, I gonna start throwing cans of it into a school yard You. know what I'm saying? Fucking make it rock. Fuck Kevin Smith. I'm like, why you don't go here? Like, ah, watch the show. You'll understand. I'm just gonna write, get an EKG, just throw it into an elementary school. So what? It's probably good. I don't live here or work here bro. 'cause I'd be doing Yeah, I was amazed you tapped in day and be like, Hey Theo man, someone's in the parking lot, they really wanna be on the show.


I'm like, dude. Oh that's a shadow bro. You're good. It tastes good though. It tastes good. Oh no, it tastes really good. I'll have some too actually I don't, I don't, I Well don't fucking, you know, don't follow me into the hole dude. He'll Bring one. I got one here. If. you wanna take Desp spare? Lemme have something of it, but can I Get that again? What flavor Is that? Galaxy Vibe. Okay, get One more. Get this one. I want Cosmic and next I want to go Galaxy. We have, I'm tasting 'em all. You don't understand man, fuck this shit again. Oh you've had 'em all 2 39 cans. So sometimes I'm in the seven 11, I'm like I, wanna try Cosmic vibe. But 2 39 is expensive. So now I know I can just come here and fucking do a taste test, sample 'em all. What about mediocre vibe? What about, how much is that Fucking do? That's what I sell. Wait, lemme, I gotta go.


I'd never finished my Lexington story. Yeah. And it all started, I I veered off cost course 'cause I, Because you in vegan, but no, but the heart stuff, right? Yeah, But hold that thought. Let me finish the, because this makes me laugh. Okay, this 'cause this fucking happened. So, so I'm in Lexington and I Oh you rock fucking, hey Man, there you go. Dude, My man's hustling 'cause he heard me like gunning for the job. I was like, I'll fucking be one of those guys. He's like, oh fuck that. We got vans. See I'm halfway to there and shit. So there I am in Lexington and I got an app on my phone. If you're a vegan, which again, I'm not pushing on people, it's just I do it to save my life. I've, I I've, it is called Happy Cow. Wherever you are, you enter a thing, you know, like I'm where I am and they'll tell you places you can find vegan food or vegan Jason.


Oh that's great. It's helpful. Right? So I'm in Lexington, I fucking enter, you know, l Kentucky. The app laughs at me and shit. 'cause they don't believe in that shit there at all. So there ain't no fucking vegan food find except, you know, you can go Burger King and get an impossible whopper without cheese or my kid told me, oh, white Castle does impossible slide. So I was like, fuck, I'm gonna go to White Castle, man. I passed a White Castle. Yeah. I was like, so I go into the White Castle in Kentucky and I go up to the counter, I'm like, can, and I look up and there's impossible sliders. I said, can I get six impossible sliders? And the lady looks at me and then she looks up at the menu, she's like, I don't know. She goes, hold on. Then she goes into the like the freezer case for five minutes, then comes out with a frozen ass fucking box with like fucking looked like Ice Man.


Like fucking, they'd unearthed it from the fuck pri primordial man trapped in ice like From that Mel Gibson Movie. Yes. And she was like, this is gonna take a minute. And I was, we don't do these a lot. I was like, that's cool, I'll wait. So I'm sitting at the counter and all of a sudden I hear, no, no. And you know, but you know what that is what Somebody got their period at work. Exactly. And I'm like, I, good thing I carry tampons, ma'am. Here you go. Usually when you hear that, that's somebody going like, Hey, it's, it's you. I don't always assume that, but being that we're in a White Castle in Kentucky, I'm like, either there's a fight about to break out or I've just been made and that's fair.


I look like sound bob at all times and shit. So I turn around, not like egotistically like well of course it's me, but I'm pretty sure that that hay is directed in my direction. Yeah, no, no. And I turn around and he goes, just a White Castle. And I was like, yeah. and he goes, oh. and he comes over and he hugs me and he iss like blazed as fuck. He's like almost like a character outta one my flexed shit stoned is Traveler the Green. Absolutely lovely. And he goes, you don't remember this, but you took me to the movies once. And I'm like, oh, 20 years prior I was doing a show at the University of Kentucky or whatever and it was when Changing Lanes was coming out, Ben Affleck movie. So I was like, I'm here for two nights, you know, so tomorrow I got nothing to do.


I'm gonna go see Changing Lanes at this multiplex. Anybody who wants to come, I'll buy you a ticket and shit. I thought like fucking 10 people would show up 11 o'clock in the morning, 200 fucking people. So I wound up having to pay for a, a theater full of people and shit. And it ran an article or a story ran about an entertainment weekly where, you know, they were like, there's a huge bump for changing lanes in Kentucky. And that's 'cause Kevin Smith took people out. So that dude was there. That's awesome. That's a great story. And I was like, holy shit man, that's fucking nice seeing you. That's crazy. like I never run into people from that. and he goes, he goes, I love Affleck man. He's going, 'cause he's talking about changing Lane. This is a good thing you did for your boy. He go, I love aff. Like he's my Batman. I was like, yeah man, he's all of our Batmans and stuff.


and he goes, he's really going through it right now. Our boy isn't he now he's our boy. And I was like, yeah, yeah, I guess. I mean I've seen some articles and stuff and he goes, we should call him. And I was like, yeah, We don't that way. Yeah. Now, you know, as previously mentioned, like I lost my mind a year and a half ago. I went to a mental hospital for a while. Found out at the root of all my issues is I'm a very codependent people pleaser. Crazy. So I came home and told my wife that and she's like, marriage is codependence. I'm like, all right, but really any doctor will tell you not. Right. So I I I don't know how to like feel about myself.


I need you to tell me how I feel about me. I don't put on my own mask first. I'm gonna put your mask on. I gotta take care of everybody before I fucking take care of myself. Because I learned at a young age that I'm only useful if I show U Utility. If I'm like, I can be useful, I can do this. Fair. I can make you laugh. I can fucking take care of your bills. I can do this. That is how I know that I'm a worthwhile human being. Yeah. like I, there's no just natural value unless I'm producing something. Yes. Yeah. Unless I'm useful to somebody, what the fuck am I doing and stuff. Yeah. So, you know, as I'm sitting there and a guy's going, we should call him, you know, a normal human being would be like, well absolutely. That's outta the question. Yeah. But my people pleasing nature is like I.


I mean guess we should, shouldn't we like I, don't wanna let this guy down. This guy who I haven't seen in 20 years, don't know his name. and he just started going, no, no, in White Castle. So I was like, all right, best of all possible worlds, let me see if I can get this going. So I was like, all right, you know what I'm gonna call him. So I pull up my phone and I called Jason Muse instead. And so I called Jason and I'm like, Ben, hey man, it's Kevin. I'm in Kentucky at a White Castle and there's a dude here who I took to see changing Lanes 20 years ago. And then I go, Ben, hold on, Jason Muse is texting me and I pull the phone away and I texted Jason v Ben Affleck on speaker. And then I called, I go back to the phone and I go, Ben, Jason's fine.


He says, hi anyway, I'm gonna put you on speaker, say hi to my man here. So I put him on speaker and I was like, go ahead. And my man goes, Ben man, how you doing man? How you doing? and he goes, muse who has worked with Ben Affleck is friends with Ben Affleck, went to his fucking wedding and shit like that. Like knows Ben And. what he sounds like. This is Jason Muse's approximation of Ben Affleck on the phone. Yo yo yo, this is big Ben Affleck coming at you. Like he was a strip club dj. And so this guy goes Ben, man, like I've been reading like guy bought it. Like, he's like, Ben, I've been reading like I feel bad for you man, you gotta, these guys just hang in there man.


and he goes, and then Muse goes, well you know what they say Affleck was the bombing Phantoms yo. And there's a line from James Allen, Bob Strike back. And that guy went nuts. He was like, oh my God, he said that thing. And I was like, he always says that thing. And then so I was like, we gotta, we're gonna, we're gonna go. And then Jason goes, yeah, I gotta go too. Matt Damon's taking me to Target bye. And hung up. And that dude was so delighted, man, so delighted. and he goes, that's awesome. He is going, that was a good thing to do for your friend. He feels good now. We gave him support. And I was like, yeah, you're absolutely right. And then he is like, what about Muse? Can we call Jay now?


And I was like, I third. Mercifully the lady was like, six Impossibles. Yes, thank you. And out I went and stuff. Oh, That's a sweet story dude. That made that sense. Only happened 'cause I was vegan, bro. Oh, that's true. Huh? So that's my, there, there it is. Go vegan. No, don't, that's, That's your pitch for veganism. My pitch, If I had to pitch for it, it would be like, you know, this is the most people approach things from a position of vanity. Right. Like fucking, they don't really truly care about like their health. They just wanna look better. Oh, that's interesting. I feel that that's generally the case. So look, it was definitely the case with me. And if We look better, we will feel better. One imagines, right. But, but really it's not like my whole life prior to the heart attack, you know, I've been on a zillion diets and fucking Optifast did any everything but the surgery.


'cause I'm fucking scared of, you know, getting cut and shit like that. So The lap band surgery, you mean? Yeah, yeah. So like, you know, I, I've been that person that's like, man, what's the secret? How do you do it? And for years people have just been saying like, oh, you gotta eat less and you gotta exercise a lot more. I'm like, yeah, I know, but what's the real secret shit? I was never interested in being healthy. I just wanted to look normal like everybody else. Yeah. And now like I've lost weight, but I don't look normal like everybody else. If I took my fucking gear off and shit like I, I didn't, it's not like I had any surgery, like I got all this excess fucking skin that just hangs, Does that start to go away? That skin? No. Can You put like vitamin E oil on it Or something? I mean, maybe the stretch marks might go away, but like that hanging skin that just hangs bro.


Is there any way to absorb it back in or anything? I think so. With the aid of unstable molecules, if we were in a marvel fucking comic. But no, bro. No. The skin being an organ, what? It just fucking distends. And if you've distended it, that's it. So you could do this shit. But that's crazy though. Well this is when you go under the knife and they cut it off. And I, I've had a friend of mine, you know, I'm not a liberty to say, but a friend of mine went through that and a friend of mine was like, 'cause my friend lost a lot of fucking weight. I think he's talking about it. I don't, you know what I'm, I'm, yeah. You know what I respect. But, but he was like, I know you dude, and I know your threshold for pain. He's going, you never, ever wanna do this. He's going, in retrospect, I would never do it again. He is the most pain I've ever been in my entire life.


So, alright, well We won't put it on if he hasn't said it publicly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But right. But, but yes. So. Wow. That guy. Yeah, he's my boy. And That's amazing. He If you go to the picture on the right, you can see like the one all the way over that was just there. Sorry. Yeah, that one. Like there's the, the drapey skin, that creping effect they call. Oh, interesting. So he looks good. I, I killed look like that shit. That'd be amazing. Mine is just hanging like, mine's like, remember scene in the Shining when fucking Nicholson goes to the one room and the gorgeous lady gets out of the tub and they start making out and then all of a sudden he looks at her and she's like, ah.


And she just double like she got droopy fucking, that's what I look like where I take my girl. So that's what my wife gets to fuck. Damn. Hey. Lucky her dude. It's almost like fucking like, like one of those cats that doesn't have any hair on it. Kind of, you know? That's right. Right. I mean, some and some people like that sort of shit. Oh yeah. So that's my wife. I always Oh yeah. Sit and talk about my wife in regards to like, you know, people ask various people about like, how do you succeed when I'm doing q and As or whatever. And I was like, it's, you know, success. You can't guarantee that anyone's ever gonna be interested in your bullshit. I, I don't care who you are. Kevin Fey, that guy that makes all the Marvel movies and shit. Kevin Fey is his name. Kevin Fey. So probably the most successful producer in history.


The only Kevin who must be saved at all costs. 'cause those movies rock. Even when Deadpool Wolverine was about to open up, which is now making what a 1.3 billion guarantee you Kevin Foggy still clenched his asshole and was like, man, I hope they show up. 'cause nobody knows for sure. And they've actually experienced one or two movies where the people didn't show up and stuff. Yeah. So in a world where you can't guarantee that an audience is gonna show up, the only audience member you can go outta your way to please is audience member number one. That thing only exists because you wanna do it. Right. So If, you love it. That's how you have to proceed. It's like, I did this for me and I love it and this is my expression and stuff.


And man, I hope others go for it. But this is as good as it's ever gonna get. You can't count on people showing up and stuff. So in a world where like you can't count on an audience showing up, do the thing that nobody's seen before. Nobody's looking at tell your story. I always tell folks like, you know, when I'm out there, like, your voice is your currency, man. Like the, your voice is how you see the world, your perspective and how you spit it back to the world. It's very unique. Theo has a distinctive fucking voice. Every comedian has a very distinctive voice you hope most storytellers do and stuff. Public speakers generally why people gravitate them toward them over and over again.


It's like I, I like their perspective. I like what they say. Yeah. That is as we're sitting in a place where I could drink any fucking Celsius, I want proof positive that fucking your voice is your currency. Because Theo is spending his fucking currency. Right? His voice has built all this after that Celsius, I'm like, you must be the richest man. I know One cooler. But we had, it's a pretty, Don't undersell this, it's a night cooler. It's one cooler. It's a talk. It's Taller than me. It's agree Taller than you. It's like a New York City apartment. I mean it's definitely, It really is. Somebody would pay at least 1400 bucks for that. Yeah. Where do you go in Jersey? Because you're a fucking road king. You're out There. I've been out there for years, you know, in Jersey. Where do I go?


I've Seen for years, whenever I've been at a club. I've seen your name and shit like that. Oh, same name. Now I don't see your name at the clubs anymore, son. Same. We started doing You're, 'cause you're in a bigger fight at Venues, you know, we started getting into bigger venues. Oh heavens. Yeah. And that's been interesting. So Where's Jersey for you? Where, where do you do a show? At? Jersey. Jersey, let me think. Red Bank. Yeah, That's my fucking town, bro. That's the number one where I was born. Number two. Where? Jay and Silent Bob Secret Stash. The comic book store I've had for 27 fucking years. Is that is in that town. So you're talking about doing the K Bey. Yes. K Bey Theater and the Vogels right next door And shit like that. Yeah. That's where we went to next Time. No bullshit. Next time you do Count Bey, please let me know. I have a movie theater that's like fucking 20 minutes from there. 15 minutes from, But you grew up, you had something, you grew, you grew up going to Bar, it's A movie theater that I grew up going to with my friends.


And. what? The one my dad took me to when I was a kid and whatnot. The one where I, it's so cool. Oh, it's beautiful. And they were gonna kill it and close it after Covid. It's over a hundred years old. So me and my friends got in and saved, it's called Spot Castle Cinemas and whatnot. And we, we do shit all the time. We just did Vulgar hon. Which is like show Every View Universe movies with Clerks, Mallrats, chasing Amy Dogma, Jane s Bob Strike back clerks two, Jane sbo, reboot and Clerks three. So eight movies, 16 hours of movies. We started at like Saturday morning at nine. We finished Sunday at like five in the morning. Wow. 700 fucking people in four different theaters and shit like that. Nobody's That's awesome Dude. So it's fun for, for shit like that. So we've that we've had comedy there.


I've done shows there. We've somebody shot a standup special there. And what? Whatnot. So If, you are gonna be in fucking Red Bank. Oh my God. I'll bring you over and we'll do a like watch with Theo thing. You pick a favorite movie and shit. We'll show it and then you show up and then we just sit around. Bullshit Dude. I would probably pick Family Man. I like that movie. Have you seen it with Nicholas Cage? Yeah. It's a beautiful fucking movie. Oh, that's really, that's a, a Brett Ratner movie that a lot of people never talk about anymore. I I thought that was one of his, if I Remember correctly. Yeah. But I remember the movie. It's very, it's a wonderful Life. Yes. Capra esque. It's kinda like that vibe. Is That the shit you Fuck with? Yeah, I really, that's like that, that, that, that's probably my favorite movie. I think I like League of Their Own. I love, I love League of the Dunk. I fucking lived across the street from Penny Marshall for years and when I was like in my heyday of podcasts and whatnot, I, you know, we started doing it at the house all the time.


So she came over again, she like lived right across the street and Shit. Penny Marshall bring her up. I got to talk to her about League of Their Own. Just sit. 'cause Penny Marshall had this brilliant, like every once in a while directors hit strong in threes and have like bang, bang, bang. Penny Marshall had Big Awakenings and Le a League of Their Own. Wow. Back to back to back. She's a pretty fascinating lady. Just This was Laverne and Shirley. She she was Laverne Oh yeah. Of Laverne and Shirley. And then she became a director later and spent most of her, her career as a director after doing that show for, what, 10 seasons or whatever. Dude, we went and saw, we went to the town where, where Rockford. We went to Rockford Illinois and went to the museum there and went and saw like all the Rockford Peaches memorabilia and shit.


Are you serious? Yeah. It's pretty, pretty cool stuff. I love that movie. Do you cry when you watch that movie? Are you allowed to cry on League of their own? Yeah. Are you a, are you a fucking butch dude and shit? No, I'll fucking cry. I cry a lot. I get made fun of on the internet for crying. For not only just crying, but then I post pictures of myself crying. Oh. like I saw Black Panther too. And I came out and I took a picture in front of the poster and I was teary eyed. Two days fucking the internet was like, you c fuck. Like how dare They were very angry at me for That. Yeah. I cried. I mean I, if I saw it, yeah. I mean I'll cry all, I mean yeah, I've cried. But you Won't put it out There in truth. I've been crying. I mean, yeah, there's too many clips of me crying online. Is that right? Yeah. Juan, what, what makes you cry? Oh, Just like thinking about stuff or talking about stuff like, I don't know, like earlier we were talking about like people pleasing, like thinking about Do you got issues, got mh issues, mental health and stuff.


Oh Yeah. First of all, hold on, there's a couple questions I want to ask so I don't forget. One is, what are some of the signs if people are getting sick or something that you feel like you neglected so that people can heart attack Side or head side? Heart. Heart attack. Heart attack. Heart attack. Sweating profusely. Which I did quite a lot as a man who was over 300 pounds not being able to catch your breath. I referred to it as I couldn't quite ring the bell. Like, you know, you bang and fucking B that game at the fucking Ferris. Oh yeah, yeah. Felt like I'd be like bang hitting it hard and I'd be like, and then just come back down. So I couldn't hit the top. Couldn't quite catch my breath so to speak. I was looking for the numbness in the arm.


Yeah. 'cause I was raised watching fucking Sanford and son. So Elizabeth, this is the big one. Yeah. And that's what he always did. Clutch his arm and did this shit that never happened. Never felt that nausea. Also like I wound up throwing up and I didn't have anything in my stomach. So it was just bile. These very subtle things that like, you know, I hate bile dude. Totally. But you would, you could mistake that for like, I was nervous or fucking, maybe I had some bad milk because I was a big milk drinker in those days. So you Could, oh, there was nothing Watching a big fella drink milk, dude. Oh fucking can we just, you Would've been turned on bro. Seriously. I don't know how, which way you swing f You would've watched me drinking the milk on the, on the beard and stuff. You've been like, I'm going bare.


Oh, because you're a total otter type. And it could have Worked an otter in, in the gay community. Yeah. I think, is there ot? If I had to, yeah, like Scott Moser, people would always tell me, Hey man, he is. There you go son, come on. That looks like a good time. And I know a lot of people would look at that and be like, this guy's fucking nuts. But he's living his best fucking life. Have you ever been that happy Uhuh? No, I've been listening to lately that fucking song that was at the end of, of Guardians of the Galaxy three. And that's Florence and the machine and it's happiness. Keep going. Fuck. Bullet, Bullet in the back, bullet in the, let's just stop and appreciate that. The poetry of that line. Alright.


Happiness hit her like a bullet in the back. Mm. When was the last time you were ever hit by the happiness bullet in the back? That's a good question, man. I went to this recently. I went to this, I mean Happy too. Like, because you, I'm sure every day you wake up and you're like, I'm Theo fucking fine. Like holy shit. My mouth. I use my mouth on people and I'm rich now. Fucking. Yeah. And it's not for BJ and Well oral's oral, my Friend Oral. You're in the mouth service business painted any way you want. We're all whos, yeah, B chatty is just, I'm not talking drawn out blow Job. I'm satisfied with the job and stuff. I'm talking about like true fucking happiness that has nothing to do with who you are. Like my friend Scott Moser at one point he was just like, what do you wanna do If?


you could do anything in the world. And This was my cast co-host. Yeah. One of the smartest people I've ever known. He said, If, you could do anything you wanted. He's going, you almost died a few years ago. So If, you do anything you wanted, what would make you happy? and he goes, but it can't have anything to do with being Kevin Smith for a living. Mm. Or the movies or any of that. He's going, I'm just talking like normal ass shit. And that fucking, that rocked my world for a few days. I couldn't come up with an answer necessarily. The best answer I could come up with was I was like, what would make me happy? like I, if I had a conversation with my father and he's dead 20 years and not because I'm like, we could settle issues but that'd be fucking wonderful and shit. But I had to reach into fiction, into the impossible to find something.


And I would ask other people, ask my brother and my brother without Mr. And beat. He is like, oh, I'd go on a world cruise. And I was like, what's that? He is like, exactly what it sounds like you just cruise around the world for like a year. Yeah. On a boat. But he knew, and I've, I, other people I talked to were like, oh I do this. It's a good question. And there were normalized things that are within one's doing. And I think my fucking radar is busted. And I imagine yours is as well because the idea of what makes others happy or what makes a person happy is shattered. When you can wake up and whimsy about something and create it and just by dreaming about it and doing it or putting a podcast together, they're sitting around speaking your mind.


You've gotten paid and you've gotten a bunch of people going like, we fucking, like we support you. And shit like that. When that scale exists, it's, I, I found, and and I, the more I speak to other creatives, like after the fucking going to the mental hospital, now I feel freer to talk to others about it and shit. Where it's like I am not saying like life can't make you happy, but when you've had that ability and there's a certain happiness that goes along with financial success, creative success, personal success. When your highs are like, oh let's get Alan Rickman to be in Dogma, it is tough to find a normal high.


you know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. It's interesting man. I think is That, is that 1% fucking rarefied view thinking? No. I don't know if I Feel, does that make me instantly unrelatable? No, I just think it makes, it makes sense. Like If you, if you've had interesting things that would most people would seem like are, would make people happy or we all believe would make us happy, then it makes sense then that you might have a tougher time finding certain happiness. you know, I don't know what I would do. Prob like something that would really, really make me happy. I don't know. Isn't that crazy?


You could ask anybody listening to the show they would giving A hug to my brother, something like that. Or taking a walk with my brother somewhere. Is your brother your brother? You and your brother Tight? He's, yeah, we're close. So I think something like that. What else? Spending time with like a teacher or something that I grew up with. Yeah. Probably if I got to see my dad again or something like that. I mean that's, you know, my dad passed away too, so like, yeah. I think if, if there was something like that, I think it would make me like really happy. Maybe. Ha having a, isn't It crazy that we have to reach into the grave to be like, well that would make me really happy. Yeah. Like, but Also essentially the impossible, Basic being in love with somebody. Probably. Are you, are you? No, I'm not.


I have a, yeah, I, I have, I I have a tough like Dick. I wish. Huh? Tough dick and chicks are like, I ain't into that tough dick shit. You look like this. Yeah, that's what my dick does. Tough. My dick has a brass. Just one brass knuckle on it. No, I don't know. Yeah, probably having a fam like being able to be happy and have a family. Shit like that. Wouldn't one brass knuckle essentially be a cock ring? Yeah, probably would. But You know what I think. I like your cell better. 'cause cocking some people are like I, don't fuck with that. But If you like, how would you like one brass knuckle on your dick? A lot of people like, I'll take it as long as it's my choice. Yeah. I don't want your breast nickle out my dick.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Alo or Allbirds or Skims or what's the one like those little yogurts? Well, usually you think about a specific product, a cool brand and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the business behind the business making. Selling simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet and the not so secret. Secret with Shop Pay that boosts conversions up to 50%. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that All Birds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Theo. All lowercase, go to Shopify dot com slash TN HEO. That's S-H-O-P-I-F y.com/ Theo. All lowercase to upgrade your selling technology. Shopify dot com slash Theo.


you know, I've had experience with bad habits over the years. You know it and I'm okay. It's I'm alive thankfully. But one thing I want to do when I look at my future is I wanna have good habits in it. I wanna have a healthy future. Did you know that around 73% of American adults report having one or more unhealthy behavior? If you've got a bad habit that you can't seem to kick, you might wanna pay attention to what Fume has created for people like us Fume is a vaping. Alternative Fume is an award-winning flavored air device that's quickly becoming the leading alternative to vaping and smoking. It's a new movement which champions the creation and maintenance of healthy habits that you can implement into your daily routine. I've used fme and it is effective flavored air isn't like vaping if Vapor was compared to sticky soda fume cores or closer to herbal teas. Fum has lots of delicious flavors to choose from. Like crisp mint and orange vanilla. There's a cranberry one as well as a grapefruit one. Those are the ones I've been using. So start your journey with a good habit and Get a free gift with your Journey Pack, which includes a fume device, three core flavors of your choice and a cleaning kit. Go to try fume.com, that's T-R-Y-F-U m.com and use code Theo say chow to your bad habits today.


Yes. So you're obviously have been a big comic guy and in that whole zeitgeist and it's been a big part of what made you, it's been so awesome, right? It's honestly like I was into that shit like If, you watch Mallrats in 95, it's a big part of it and stuff. And the culture wasn't like the culture was like comic books. Those are for kids. I just got real fucking lucky in that, you know, about 15 years ago, the culture shifted into all the shit that I was already into and well versed in. Ah. So I got like a free fucking ride for about a good 15, 20 years on a geek train that like I never had to make a comic book movie. Right? I, I've directed some comic book shows like Super Girl Flash and stuff like that. But like really it's just, I was insanely well positioned because I was waving the flag for this shit when people were like, what do you mean?


Yeah. Yeah. That's lucky when we're, when what you lucky, you lucky in the culture meets. Yes. It's the same as, do you feel That is where you are right now? No. I see. Do you Feel you were an overnight success or it was like 10 years of a thing before fucking Oh yeah, it was for, it was a long time. You don't feel you're in the fucking zone right now. Like in terms of like the man has met the moment and vice versa. I don't know, I guess 'cause I don't know what my, what my end goals are. Sometimes I see it when I look at a guy like Joe Rogan to drop his name again and you can use it a few times too. Twice. Twice in one. But Because he got into UFC and that rose and I think it ro he helped, he also helped.


But to be fair, yeah. And but I'm saying I'm Joe Rogan, but I too, But that's what I'm saying. It's a similar thing. The Labor, right. The labor of love. Just like him. That's what I'm saying. Once Again though, It reminds me of that He found a way to monetize his passions where I think he's probably indispensable to the U ffc when he comments. Do they pay him? I'm pretty sure they have a, they must have a deal, like a overall Deal. So that's like, not only he may have put in the work and shit, but now he's financially Remembering. Well he was fighting, he was in on it early. He, he trained early adopter and he started talking. I remember going like, the kids at my school that you knew were gonna probably die young or whatever they say you had those, they were the ones watching that on the weekend and like, come watch it.


It's like, it's like, you know, Willie the fucking, you know, short Willie versus fucking Willie, the short Willie versus the violent homo or something. He'd be like, that's a, who are these guys? And it would be like, one guy would be like 400 pounds fighting a guy that was like 120 pounds and it would just be like a massacre, you know? But that's when the UFC there wasn't weight classes, all of that. And so look at, Look at him. What a puppet. It's like his news radio days. Yeah. I mean he's a handsome Guy. See I, my, I I believe me, I understand who Joe Rogan is today and, and I love that. But I but You knew him back then. Well, I mean, my first introduction to Joe Rogan was on news radio and I fucking love news radio. It's one of my favorite sitcoms ever produced.


So I've watched, and they only had about four seasons max or something. So you could, it's not like, you know, fucking friends where you could do 12 seasons, you could get through it, you can Go enjoy It in a day and then start it again and shit. So Joe was like, that's how I first knew him and, and knew about him and stuff. And then the podcasting thing, you know, I remember going on the show in the early days and every time I've ever been on and he is, you know, clearly there's a reason why the fucking man is at the top of the game. He's just interesting and interested. He's interested. He's the, he's definitely curious difference. Yeah, that's the wor some of it. But he's he's curious but he also like fucking hit you with shit where you're like, no. Yeah. Like he's just that guy at the party where he's you, you know, slowly the crowd gravitates around him.


Whether he's trying to magnetize men, whether he is putting on a show or not. 'cause he is just interesting. Got a lot of information. He's like a thoroughfare for information. He's like an airport for information and he retains information really well. and he is genuinely curious. He'll kind of say something and then he'll ask you about it and you're almost like, fuck, now I have to actually say something about this. He was the first one that did this shit though, where somebody you're talking and then all of a sudden he's like, look that up. And somebody, there was Somebody listens and helps a Reference person, like helping out. We didn't have that in them early days. Yeah, I, a lot of the like I feel like there's less comedy movies these days. Would you agree with that? No, I think there are less movies period These days. Okay.


Is it a lot of like, there's a lot of almost comic book type movies and universes that are the, those are the movies now. Yeah. Does that feel's, what money is feel weird to you because they're not weird to you? Like what are your thoughts on that? That it's like I don't know if one like, like has eliminated the other, but it's just kind of like, why is that? Why do we see these big, huge things? But it's, it feels tougher to, for somebody to create just like a good comedy these days. I think Good comedy went TV into streaming 'cause they needed to fill coffers quick, you know, to fill programming schedules quick.


So, or Like, did did, there's a lot, the Marvel Universes, all the comic book universes, did they kill off? No. Like this, the the guy A hundred percent no studios like to make money, right? They're in the business to make money. I don't think a comic book movie has made them go like, let's give up on the middle mid range. They're just like, look, more risk, more reward. And in, when I first started you had, there was television. There was movies. Now there are many more options and many more places to go. So instead of doing, you know, and, and you'll see it like an eight or six or eight episode show where you're like, could've been done in three just 'cause like a lot of people are like, all right, I'm gonna take my idea that was for a feature and stretch it out into a show.


So I think, you know, nevermind comedy, I'd be more curious. Hey, where'd the indie film go? Yeah, but I think the indie film moved, was taken over by Netflix. Once Netflix came in, number one they started buying cheap movies and number two they started making programming. That was kind of interesting. They went to other countries and they were like, who are your top filmmakers? Here's money. Go make TV shows and stuff. And that's where all the interesting ideas are going and finding a home. You're somebody who wants to tell an offbeat story and you're looking at this Sisyphean task of like, I gotta roll this fucking boulder up the hill.


Like every time I make a movie it's like, fuck, here we go, this is gonna be fucking tough. Or you walk into these cats and they're like, what's it about? How esoteric is it? Interesting. Go ahead. Can you make it six episode? Can you make it eight? That's preferable. And that's where all the interesting programming has slowly gravitated toward Now. So you're saying some of the indie movies have actually become television shows. I think Indie filmmakers or people that make things off the beaten path, stories that don't necessarily fall into the big budget equation have wound up going to streaming. Like, you know, that's fascinating. What was fucking Jason Bateman show? Ozark. Yeah, it's an indie film. This just happens to be a series that went on for a bunch episodes.


'cause they're like, Hey dude, we like it. Do it again. Instead of getting a sequel, you just get another season and Stuff. That's a good point. It's like, it was almost like se there's a secret gay guy at the lake. It was like people playing gay clue at the lake, remember? 'cause like that one guy ended up in Ozark. Yeah, I didn't watch the whole show And let's just using As example, it Started to get redundant. Like it started to get, but Now for some reason I really wanna pick play Gay Clue because that Exist. No, they should have that. Right, right. Like he did it in Yeah, it was, it was like, what do You use the candlestick for? They're like, find out. Yeah. Yeah. Samuel's been in the billiard room for a while in the, In the, in the conservatory. Not being very conservative. Wow. I've never used that to cue my pool stick before.


What's that thing called to chalk pool? I've never, I've never been chalked That way. Yeah. So, so you're, so that's interesting. You think, I think, I think that's part of it. Believe me, I'm not like, and that's exactly what happened and No, it's Cool Though. I think that's part of it. I think, you know, Netflix came in disrupted the business as we all know in a, in a, in a way that at first people were like, yeah. And now people are like, wait a second. In the aftermath nothing existed. The way that existed before television viewership is like down to almost nothing. So much so that major studios are writing off entire network divisions and stuff like that, devaluing television in order to Get a write off. So once Netflix came in and said, Hey, this is how we're doing it.


And then every other company was like, well shit, we gotta do what they're doing. And they started doing streaming and whatnot. It just really, it broke the model. It's kind of nuts. So right now, I think if you're a person that likes to tell off the beaten path stories or what we used to call back in the day, an indie filmmaker, now's the time to Shine. I think there's a moment that's going on right now where entertainment, like the way people are getting their entertainment of course has completely changed over the last 10 years. But theatrical consumption has been way off since Covid. And, and some people wonder if like, will people ever go back to movies the way they used to and blah blah blah. They're not gonna go unless you give them something they can't get any place else. Hmm.


So they'll go to the theaters to see Deadpool Wolverine. 'cause like I ain't gonna be able to watch this at home for like six months, so fuck it. But what If, you tell 'em a story going back to your voices, your currency they've never heard before. And the only place they could see it is in theater. And right now theaters are hurting. So they'll fucking take anybody. It doesn't matter. It used to be tough to get screens. Now, are you fucking kidding me? You can make a deal with a MCA private deal with your own independent movie where you're like, I, can I Get a hundred screens and we'll do a door split or whatever the fuck. It's possible because movie theaters, as a movie theater exhibitor, I know this for a fact, we would kill or die to have people come in. you know, back in the day I made this movie, the four 30 movie, and it's about how in the eighties this is, this is your new film.


This is the new film that's coming out September 13th in the eighties, we used to pay for one movie and then jump from theater to theater to theater to go see movies for free. I own that movie theater that I used to do that. and we get caught and you might get the risk of being banned from that theater for fucking life. If I caught you walking into another movie theater after you paid for only one movie theater in my movie theater, I'd be like, that's great. Just buy some popcorn. Would you? You could stay as long as you fucking want. Call your friends. Yeah. Have 'em come just to get fucking bodies through the goddamn door. So it's, it's, yeah, this is a bit of a different world at this point, but imagine you're an indie filmmaker who's wants to say the thing nobody has ever fucking said before in a film, per se.


We're just using film as an example. Fuck, now is your time. Like you could actually make a thing and have it be in a goddamn movie theater and then If, you do even the tiniest bit of business with your movie in a movie theater these days. That's a fucking story. Yeah. And that also has, it's been proven like through the algorithm, when Amazon did Air Ben Affleck's movie Air, they put it in theaters and they spent A-I-R-A-I-R about the Air Jordans, the history of the air sneaker. Oh yeah. They put it in theaters traditionally and spent money on advertising even though Amazon has Prime. And really, they probably thought it would go right there, but they were like, you know what, let's see what it would be like to release a movie.


Like, you know, Amazon other streamers broke the theatrical model and here they're going like, wouldn't it be novel like us with MCAST going? Like, wouldn't it be weird if somebody paid for an ad on our show? These cats are like, wouldn't it be novel if we put the movie out and paid for ads and people saw a trailer and then went to the the movies theater to see it. Would it make it more valuable when we then put it on Prime? Hmm. And it did. Naturally. They found the same thing out on Netflix. Movies that go the traditional route, the way that everybody expects. I've seen a commercial for that on TV that will be a, a primary choice on Netflix rather than a Netflix made for Netflix movie that may have the biggest fucking stars on the planet on it, in it. But you'll pass it by.


Yeah. It feels cr So there's something about just watching a movie that's just on Netflix or on a street. Isn't That crazy? Yeah. But there is, there is a value to putting something in a theater still. It gives it this kind of panache. Now, if you're an indie filmmaker and you're out there going like, nobody's ever fucking heard my story, they've never heard my voice, they've never fucking seen what I can do. And if you're sitting there right now going, I fucking hate Kevin Smith, he makes the same fucking movie every time. 30 years in the business, all he's done is make clerks of Jay and Silent Bob. Great, now's your fucking time. Now's your time to Shine. Don't sit there. Waste your time at home looking at me, hating on me. Use me as your fucking example in Stepping Stone. Like if that fucking talentless idiot could do it, then I could fucking do it too.


And now is the time for another indie film, indie filmmaking movement. Now it feels like with the frustration of real fucking filmmakers who I know people that make millions to fucking make movies sitting on her asses. 'cause ain't nobody fucking making movies. Yeah. Could you imagine if some, if the only way you got to do your show is if somebody told you, okay, now you could go, no, you enjoy the independence of like fucking This, Past Weekend is gonna happen when I want it to fucking happen. You're your own fucking boss. There are a lot of people that never figured out how to do that. They never came from indie films so they couldn't pivot back to indie film. They've just been spoiled by working for a studio. So now with the studios not making anything, they're like, what do I fucking do? I've always been able to pivot back to indie film.


And I feel like even though I've been able to do that, I've been in indie film for a while. Everyone knows every variation of story I could possibly tell. Every once in a while you'll whip a tusk on him. And they're like, well that's fucking weird. But generally speaking, like he does those James Allen, Bob movies and shit, now is the time for an indie filmmaker to come out and be like, here's a fucking story nobody's ever heard fuck a TikTok. I mean, I I, I love TikTok, don't get me wrong, but like people that spend their time like doing little videos and shit. If you're a filmmaker, make your fucking film and now is the time to take your fucking shot. Because there is an empty guff in the marketplace for that type of storytelling. Do all of it has gone mainstream streaming is now mainstream. So people who are telling these offbeat stories on streamers, they are essentially studios at this point.


When I started indie film, it was like us outside of Warner Brothers and fucking, you know, 20th century Fox and Paramount going like, well they'll never let us play. So just because they won't let us in, don't mean I can't do it on my own to streamers of that now. So if you're out there going like, well Netflix will never give me a fucking thing, great, go do your fucking thing. Right? Without them hang your own fucking shingle. It's time. Right? People are hungry for that. Do you think it's a good idea to sell direct to consumer? Right? Fuck yes. Like David Spade and I wrote a movie and so we're gonna try to get it made and it feels like it's kind of getting close, right? A hundred percent. And we're like, could we just put it on a website and sell it right there to people? A hundred percent. But also you travel out in the world, man. And so imagine you do a comedy tour, but instead your comedy tour is, Hey man, welcome tonight we're gonna watch a movie and afterwards we're gonna talk about it.


All right? So enjoy the show and then you get the fuck off for 90 minutes. Then you come out and it's all crowd work 'cause you're just answering fucking questions. That's it. You have the ability to do that. Why do you fucking need anybody else? Or you've got such an audience at such a long tail that you can go into an A MC, like a fucking Taylor Swift and be like, I guarantee you that on my podcast that has 200 fucking million downloads per whatever the fuck that I can make people come to a theater and show a thing. And even if AMC's like, no, we're interested. Then you go to Fathom events and be like, Hey man, I got a movie. I wanna put it in screens for like two fucking days and you'll make like 10 million bucks. And they'll write stories about fucking smart. You are. So you don't need anybody Theo.


You have the distribution fucking mechanism already in place. You're a loaded gun at all times. You just have to point your audience in the right direction. And, what you do is point them to the next show, the next show or a live gig. But If, you make a movie with Spade or whoever to fuck. Don't fucking sell it until you have milked it and juiced it for everything you personally can. The way you juice your own shit, then fucking give it up to a streamer, then give it up to somebody like a home video, you know, company that's gonna put it out and shit like that. Because you have the mechanism in place. You already know how to put asses in seats. The big mystery of this business that everyone's always trying to figure out is, how do I get fucking people to show up? you know how to get people to show up. Now this would just be you going, okay, when you show up this time, we're gonna do things a little differently.


I'm just gonna show you a movie and then we're gonna fucking do a comedy show afterwards and stuff. Did, you get charged the same thing and all that money goes right to the fucking flick. And then you would have a, then you would have money now then you could start making other cool movies and have your friends be like, see this is, I like, you could just write it and then it's like you'd have movies would be like free again. 'cause there wouldn't be. Yeah, you don't have to go and ask some smarmy fucking dude. Some who, some What do you mean free again? 'cause I'm like I, like this world just free. Meaning you could do whatever you want, you Can do what you want, but you Could but, but Theo, you could always do whatever you want. Right? You have the ability to do that. You just have to. Right. You could deals Together, but you already show it on a regular basis. You gotta, you, you, you are again, I cannot fucking stress this enough.


That's Celsius fucking container. Huge. They don't give that to just anybody. They're not that big. It is massive. He's outta his fucking, it's like I walked into a seven 11 or at least a fucking, I'm gonna pee really fast actually. Yeah.


George Clooney and Brad Pitt's new movie. Wolves is on Apple TV plus September 27th. That's where I want you to be now. So If, you want see George Clooney and Brad Pitt go to Apple TV Plus you gotta start the story there. Or If. you wanna see Brad Pitt and George Croney go to Apple tv Plus I am enjoying the show. And If, you wanna see their new movie Wol? You can't do it. I'm gonna help you out. I can do it. It so Do It. Definitely go to Apple tv plus admit It's cool. Okay, fine. It was very cool. Ws stream September 27th on Apple tv Plus we are, I hated it when, hold a second. No way, man. No, I'm going. You coming with me? We're doing it. Take my ham. We're going, we're filming Louise in this shit. I mean I'm out. Dude, they died didn't they? Yeah, but they live forever. That's True. you know what I'm Saying? Because they're in a movie. Look Theo, everybody dies. That's a good point. Not everybody truly lives. Facts homie. I took that from Braveheart. You did? I mean I, that's where it came From.


There's a new Asian kind of Braveheart movie coming out. I saw a preview before. How do you, how do you know when keeping on movies? How do you know when have you ever, Shouldn't movies be like, like a, like, like national cuisine? Like you were going, there's an Asian Braveheart Braveheart coming out. Shouldn't there be one for every country? Like recently we were talking about, I saw on Netflix they had this movie called Beneath Paris, which is Jaws in France. Ooh. Shouldn't every country have its own fucking jaws? We were talking about this on Hollywood Bab. Yeah, they should podcast I do with Ralph Garman at Flappers and stuff. And I was like, every country should have its own fucking jaws.


Like listen, it doesn't have to be the same story, but just give me every country. It should be like the Olympics. Every country's like Here're our best athletes. It should be like, here is our best Shark movie. Yeah. Killer Shark movie. 'cause everybody can get away with that. And the fucking, you know, and there aren't a lot of killer shark movies now. Seems cheap now like cheap to do. like I guess like doing Shark is CG Shark is not as expensive as building the big rubber one that they did for Jaws and shit like that. But, you know, having in one, having each country, each nation represented by what they feel is their best possible shark Movie. Like saving Private Reginald or something like in Africa or something. Or if they had like, wait, what is it? Wait a minute. World War ii.


Like No, I was just thinking of like a different, like If you had save like we have saving Private Ryan. Yeah. If they had, let's just keep It to sharks though. Saving, don't jump into fucking war film. I'm saying like saving private world Before We could do, you know, Every nation gets to make every movie for themselves. We've, we start basic, you start with the shark thing. Okay, we'll get to like saving pry Richard and shit like that. Alright. We're saving, saving Heinrich, right? 'cause that would be the other side of the wall. Yeah. Or Something like that. But just a shark fucking picture. Every nation going like this. Is it fucking arms race? Yeah. Just like, Like, oh, it's a dangerous koy and it's like a Japanese one or whatever. Koy. Yeah. It's gotta be shark. We got, I have rules.


I don't know if they have sharks in some places. That's the Thing. It's like, it's a fucking movie. What are you, what are you eliminate it for? Yeah, you're right. Like, hey man, in real life, fuck. Real life. This is movie time. Yeah. Seen a podcast Michigan, a fucking shark movie. Jaws of Michigan. Yes bitch. It's just a guy in a fucking hot dog eating contest. Here's how it happened. Right? So fucking every, every night when the Coney Dog Place closes Yeah. They got leftover Coney dogs that go bad dude don't like to throw it out. So he takes it to one of the Great Lakes, pitches up the lake. Somebody had disposed of a fucking baby, great white shark. He's been eating these fucking hot dogs. So he's fucking massive in shit. Wow, dude. I'm already in what I'm saying.


It's Fucking That's awesome. I'm already in dude. Call David Spade. Let's write that. Yeah. Finance, self-finance, that fucking movie. I, I honestly, I had a conversation with my friend Logic. There's, there's me going fucking, there's That A fucking big name for you. Logic was four. I Like Logic. Nice guy. He's amazing dude. Logic is in the four 30 movie and when he shot his, oh he is, he is. When he shot his scene, we'd already finished the movie and stuff so he could watch it. So I was like, come to my place, I'll show you to Flick. So he watched the flick and then after the flick he was like, oh, I fucking love movies. He's like I before he even hip hop, I love movies. He's, he's go, I found hip hop through movies. I found Wu-Tang through Quentin and stuff like that. He said like, I always wanted to make a movie. I almost made a movie with JJ and I was like, jj.


And he's like, yeah, he is like, but it didn't happen. I was like, JJ From Good Times. No. Yeah, Fucking jj like JJ Dying Kid Dynamite. What was his name? jj. JJ Abras Abrams is the director I was talking about jj but I love that you went with JJ Evans. Who's jj I'm thinking of JJ Evans. JJ Evans, yeah. James Evans Sr. I saw him at the airport once. What? Jimmy Walker. Jimmy Walker. That's what I'm thinking of. Yeah, there He is. Legend. Oh yeah, kid Dynomite Dynomite. Alright, so wait, so you, so jj, so jj, I, I was like, I was surprised that he, that he hadn't made, you know, it was fucking JJ Abrams. Yeah. He made fucking one of the Star Wars. Two of them.


You'd imagine it could happen, but he's like, just didn't happen. I said, why is it difficult? Is it expensive? and he goes, no, it's kind like, like Clerks. It's set in one location. And I was like, WW what could, what, what lo is it on the moon? and he goes, no, it's just in a record store. I said, bro, you can make that movie yourself. You don't need any help. You got fucking, I'm sure you got money from hip hop. Like you can finance your own movie. And for all the years I've ever said to people like, you can make a movie, anybody can make a movie, you should make your own movie. Motherfucker was like, you're right. and he financed his own fucking movie and we went and shot it back in May up in Oregon in St. Helen's. And it's called Paradise Records. And so I was a producer on it and I was his editor. Wow. And my god, it's so fucking wonderful.


Like it is legit good. He is born to be a filmmaker and it's kinda a little irritating when a dude who is Inep exceptionally good at one thing and made fucking billions doing it is now like, oh, I'm also good at the, I mean this fucking dude's good at anything. J Abrams. Yeah. No fucking logic. Oh, logic. Logic. Fucking like he could do a Rubik's Cuban front of you in like 12 seconds. Yeah. He's just mixed. He's, he's so crazy fucking talented shit. But him as a filmmaker, this movie Paradise Rockers, it's gonna be fucking damn, it's gonna hit huge. It is fucking awesome. He's the star and his friend Tremaine is the second lead. His friend T man is absolutely wonderful in the movie. But this dude wrote directed and fucking starred in it. And I was like so incredibly impressed.


'cause he is a legit great actor. Like as you know, 'cause I cut every frame, I saw every frame of the fucking footage. I was there on set when he shot it. But most of the time I was cutting the movie and shit and every frame of film I was like, this guy's fucking unnatural. So that movie is fucking wonderful man. Damn Paradise Records. Paradise Records will be out next year. Do, How do you know? I wanna ask a little bit more about, about the four 30 movie, but Comes out September 13th. September 13th. It's, It's Ken Jang is in it. He is amazing. It's is kind of the story of my young life, the story of the first date that I had in high school and stuff with my girlfriend. Like gonna a movie, right? We, I took her to to fl I'm like, yeah. But in this fleck, him and his friends, they're going to the movie theater to hang out for the day and skip from theater to theater to theater.


If you've ever listened to SM back in the day when me and Scott Moser used to do it, there was this episode we did about Emo Kev where I had these old recordings of me where I used to ride around on a bike in my hometown and fucking like, what, what am I doing? Like real existential crisis shit before I ever made clerks wondering what my future would be and stuff. So we played him on smog guess and like Scott, like mercilessly fucking died laughing. He just would attack a cause like, oh my god you sound so fucking dumb. But they were, it was kind of wonderful to listen to shit. Anyway, the movie is kind of based on that. So like it's based on that version of Emo Kev as we call them in the podcast. Okay.


Ride around on his bike and be like, when is my life gonna begin? So it's that kind of thing. Like there's a, oh that's kind of cool. There's a story, there's a Bear McCreary did our score and he is absolutely wonderful composer, but him and his brother did a song that ends the movie and it's a fucking jam. It's total earworm. And you're like, oh my God. Went and like my friend put it on Shazam or whatever. 'cause he is like, where have I heard that before? I was like, you never heard it? He just fucking created and shit. But it's called 24 Karat Case of Love because in the movie, as in real life, on the episode of MCAST that we did years ago, you hear me talking about my ex-girlfriend and I was like, I got a 24 karat case of love. And that's what broke Moser up the most. He was like, you fucking unbelievable fucking, you know, he just attacked me and shit.


So I put that in the flick. So Bear McCreary and his brother write this closing song for the movie and he goes, you gotta listen to it man. I, I think you'll like it. And the hook of the song is I got a 24 karat sev love. And I was like, I. Oh my God. So I wrote to bear and I was like, bro, you took the dumbest fucking shit I ever said on the earth and made it a a pretty fucking wicked earworm hook for the song. and he goes, don't shit on that. He's going, you saying I got a 24 karat case of love is the kind of thing that a 16-year-old boy says to Yeah Because it's 24 karat real strong or it's kind of mid, it's Strong. That was for me, nothing gets stronger than a fucking 24 karat. 'cause we didn't have diamonds in our world. Right. We, I was lower, lower, lower, lower low.


We were poor. Yeah. So like 24 karat gold is is that my mom had a 24 karat gold wedding band. I'm sure. Oh yeah. So 24 Kara Ks of Love. That's vibe. Mys divorced too. Is that right? Yeah. But so, but he was like 24 carat, so he took things from those moments where you're riding around your bike. Well He took that exact fucking line. That's awesome. And made it the hook for the song. and he is like, never fucking regret saying that he's only, that's what you say when you're 16. I didn't have the heart to tell him. I was like, really? I said that when I was 22. But whatever Dude, there's something so magical. So wait, Were you raised in Tennessee? I was raised in Louisiana. In What Part? Yeah, in a place called Covington Louisiana. So are you serious? Yeah. So How far is that from like from One hour from New Orleans North four.


We shot Jane Sobo reboot there. That's a fucking fantastic place. No way. Oh my God. Louisiana so fucking good to us. Yeah. Like I'll always, that was the movie I made after you Premier Movie there too, didn't you? Well we went to the Joy Theater and showed Jane Sobo reboot when we were on tour. But we shot there and that was the post heart attack movies. That was a movie where I was like, holy shit, I was supposed to be fucking dead. Like so I'm just gonna make the movie. I wanna make fuck everything else. And that was Jane Saw and Bob reboot. And so we had to go to Louisiana. We couldn't do it in Jersey 'cause it's a road movie and stuff like that. And Louisiana had a fantastic fucking rebate. That great fucking crew man. And the people were so fucking wonderful and shit. and we shot during Mardi Gras.


So we took what, two days down we actually shot on Mardi Gras at the courthouse. 'cause they were like, that's the only day we're closed. We were like, great, we'll use the courthouse that day. But everyone was so fucking cool man. And I didn't even fuck with the party. Half of the city, like the cast and people who flew in to be in the movie and shit, they would go to like I went to Bourbon Street and shit. Right? I didn't even get that fucking far, man. It was just like the neighborhood. Well, you know, work probably too when you're putting a movie together, it's a lot. How do you know when, when like, like when you're ramping up to do a movie? Yeah. Things get pretty intense pretty quick, right? And then there's just that day where you have to start. How crazy is that first day? Because that's such a, I mean, it's rare that there's such a huge leap that's gonna be so you can't go back.


Yeah. Like you are moving forward. It's begun. You, you spend so much time trying to get to that moment that when the moment happens, you're already prepared. You better be fucking prepared if you're not. It's like, what the fuck are you crying about all this time? Like you knew this was coming. You pushed for, you wanted this. Right? That's why like after everything I do, no matter what, whether it works or doesn't work, there's two things I always say to myself. And generally this is more helpful if it doesn't, if it didn't work. One is like you wanted this. Like, oh my God, you changed the course of human events to make this fucking movie happen and shit like you dreamed about this. You somehow found millions of dollars and convinced people to give up their time.


Do this fucking make pretend with you so it don't matter if it didn't do what you want, you wanted this, you better fucking enjoy it 'cause it's gonna pass quick. And then the second thing I always tell myself is like, what was the alternative? Did, you even have an alternative. What's the alternative? To not do the thing then that's not the alternative. Because knowing that I could do the thing and knowing that I could accomplish it and then not doing the thing would eat at me like a fucking cancer. Mm. That's sad when you know you can accomplish the thing but you don't do it 'cause you're like, nah, well fucking, what if somebody don't like it? like I, I mentioned before, God, this, This would be so scary though. This all Allity Scary. It's like pothole of somebody. Let's Think about, that's why this is a safe environment. You create a thing where you're like, these are my rules.


My house. And I, I don't have, you don't worry when a new episode goes up, you don't even think about it. You feel like, oh, I recorded that a couple days ago or last week or something like that. But you're so, you've built the thing for yourself that is so fucking foolproof and you can avoid sidestep the world of rejection and the world of No, you enter here and you created a world of yes for yourself. So you don't have that weird trepidation at the beginning of every show. 'cause you're like, this is, I engineered this to be as easy for me as fucking breathing and shit. When you're making a FA flick or something like that. There are way more people involved than shit. And you've also been dying to do this. Sometimes you've, it's taken 10 years to get to That fucking moment. Shit. Oh, it's amazing. We've been working on, on this, trying to get this movie together.


All the agents haven't done anything. So finally we got some of our own friends and stuff and we're gonna put in some of our own money. That's What I was gonna say. Like you dude, based on that Celsius case, there's no fucking way that you don't have enough of your own fucking, you probably got it in your pocket. Just be like, Oh yeah, I wish dude, you can have that thing brother. I'm sending that to you. It is, It is. It's, it is so possible to do like I. Tell my kid all the time, my kid. Who again? I fucking Your daughter? My daughter Harley Quin. Yeah. She's in a movie. She's in one of the movies. She's In Quentin's movie. I always lead with that. She's been in a bunch of my movies. But nobody gives a fuck about Kevin, Smith movie she was in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. So I always lead with that movie.


Wow. Quentin Tarantino movie. That's believe me, she leads with that too. She never leads with like, yeah, I was in, Jane saw Bob reboot, but she played Jay's daughter in Jane saw Bob reboot Johnny Defs. What was the one? Was she at, was that who It was Yoga Hosers. The got beat the fuck out of, I mean you think I, I got beat up for putting a picture of myself crying on the internet. Yoga Hazers. I got fucking, Ooh. They were like bend over and it went in dry. Oh. So I'm dry. I got, I remember the AV club was like, ew, Kevin Smith and Johnny Depp are gonna force us to watch a play date with their children. And it's like, bro, you don't have to watch it. But I, you know, that was, I've been around the internet for a while so I've watched the culture get like way more toxic. And here's the thing, for as long as I've been online, I've been online since 1996. Right.


So I, I remember the first troll where it's like, what? Yeah. Like why would you spend time here and shit? You Probably got one of the first trolls ever Legit. A hundred percent. I remember there was a dude I reached out to a troll, like to try to understand and this was a dude who was on Aint Cool News and he had written some shit about me, but it was incorrect. That was the thing. Like if somebody wrote something about me as their opinion, what the fuck hurts? But it's like you can't do anything. But this dude had said something completely incorrect. So I wrote to him, 'cause you click on their name and hit their email. So I wrote to the dude, I was like, Hey, I'm Kevin Smith and you said this shit about me. I was like, I, I can't do anything about your opinion, but the one thing you said is factually untrue. So I just wanted to correct that if you're gonna go out and say things and stuff like that. Yeah. And the dude wrote back, I don't know who you are, but I know you're one of the names that if some, if I throw out on any cool news, a bunch of people jump to your defense.


And that's how I like to hang out at night. And that blew my fucking mind. This was in the year 2000, I wanna say maybe. Yeah. 'cause it was before I did Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, which has the whole ending of them going around beating up people on the fucking internet from a message chap. Oh. So I was there for, I'm not saying that was the first troll, but that was my, one of my first troll. Not even up first. And he said he liked doing it because he liked The, that's how he spent his night like that. And that's a, that's a legit fucking response that a human being sent me. That's not a made up story. Right. That's not like I met a guy who said that happened. And I was so fucking flabbergasted by that. I'm not anymore because I understand that's cheap entertainment for somebody. Yeah. Like fuck going to the movies or fuck going like going out to dinner.


It's like we fucking order some fucking Pizza and let's have on Yeah. Host mates and I'm just gonna jump online and be like, this guy sucks, get some chilly or whatever and then watch people react and hit on that and shit. So I've watched the internet get way more toxic and shit like that. But at the same time, as much as the internet gives everybody access to you who can like fucking shit on your day or try to shit in your mouth, it also gives you access to the most wonderful people in the world who say these amazing things about you that keep you going. Yeah. And as previously spoken about, I never know how to feel about myself 'cause I'm broken. So it helps. I mean obviously part of the reason I do the job is because I like when people are like, good job. Like my whole career has been about trying to produce work that's good enough to, for mom to put up on the fridge.


Like when you get an A or a B on the paper and she put that shit up on the fridge, the fridge is just the world at this point. And you hope that's good enough that the paper goes up and gets noticed and shit. And you take a lot of slings and arrows. Even If you like to do a thing, you know? So like there are the trolls who just go after you because like it's entertaining to watch other people blood in the water and shit like that. But then there are people that legitimately fucking hate you And what you do like and hate watch you. Yeah. Just the way, like Howard Stern used to have people who like If, you like Howard Stern, you listen for 10 minutes. If, you hate Howard Stern, you listen for fucking 20. So I get it. And I, and I've been around on the internet long enough where I know like I am one of those figures and shit. But it always baffles me like I, you know, I put up a fucking post on my Instagram today about, hey, I'm doing this podcast with my kid Beardless dickless me.


And naturally, yeah, naturally. That's your daughter? That's my kid. That's Harley. She's a good kid, man. Cool. Got good head on her shoulders and shit. She was the one that asked me to go vegan 'cause she was vegan and after the heart attack she was like, dad like please like, just try it. It could help. Because the nutritionist in the hospital was like, you might wanna consider going plant-based because a hundred percent blockage in your LAD. That's really bad. So my kid was like, can you please try it? And I was like, you know what, I'll do it for you. I'll try for a few months. And I, you know, she saved my life to be honest with you. But I also know my kid is part me. So she's very strategic. She as a vegan, she was like, if I can flip this motherfucker, he'll be a big voice for the movement and shit like that. So she did. But Can you still get erection if you're vegan or not?


I get an erection. Can you still, do you still have like a I'm Hard now son. Yeah, yeah. I mean, fuck yeah. You get, you get very hard. Even what would be the idea in not getting hard as a vegan? I just didn't, not enough red meat in your diet. Yeah, something like that. If, you don't have enough iron or whatever. I'm on blood thinners because of the heart attack. Does that help your wiener get harder? No. In fact, it's a little more challenging. Not challenge it. It's just the the hard on you get ain't it's workable. It's fuckable dick. Yeah, but it's not like, oh my god, this can fucking crack steel. Oh yeah. You're Jackie Chan with like eight fucking things. I've never had that one. Oh, I do in the morning. That's the Morningwood. Really? Oh fuck dude. I wake up with a hard on that could, that's impressive.


If I was a dick pic guy, that's when I'd be like, and put it online and shit like that. But it always goes to waste. 'cause my wife like, she's like, I don't fuck before noon. So we've been together like 25 fucking years almost. And or over. And you know, at this point I, I, I understand that I'm gonna wait until like one or two. She, so I'm always, I'm, I'm a little sad because I'm not saying she's missing out. She ain't missing shit. She's fucked me up. But some she knows. She my, you know, I was saying before, I tell people all the time, like, you can achieve your goals. You just have to modify your expectations. I was like, you know, my, my wife, I always use my wife as an example. I was like, Jennifer didn't wanna marry a guy that fucking looked like me. like I saw the dude she dated in high school. She was a cheerleader. She dated fucking football players At cheer. Like your wife did.


Oh. Oh wow. But when we met, she was like, all right, he ain't my ideal but like I can work with this. So she modified her expectations and we've been together for fucking quarter, you know, century. So If, you have If, you If you modify. Some people are like, that's lowering. I'm like, no, no, no. Modifying your expectations. Yeah, you can be happy If. you just modify what you expect and shit. Do you have sex under the covers when you're married or on top of the covers? Oh, Under. And I'm also a shirt on Guy. I, I never take my shirt off during sex. You take your shirt off during sex. Mm. You look like here I Don't that much. You're one of those dudes who probably you're making out and it's like in the movies and shit you make out and then you push back and you take your shirt off.


Like that's a part of the seduction. I walk out. I Can never do that. If I did that and step back took my shirt off, my tits came out, they'd be like, oh, Let me slurp on those little fucking hammocks. You Take 'em, you take your shirt off, don't you? No, sometimes I will, sometimes I won't. I'll walk out the room backwards though. 'cause I don't like I don't like people seeing my butt, I guess. Are you Serious? So I On there? Huh? What's going? Not that, I think it just, I don't know. It's Your least attractive feature. Well I think it's fine, but it's like, So after everyone's already the situation's gotten all cumy and shit and everybody's on a different plane altogether and their senses are coming back. You're like, they see my ass, I'm fucked. Well, I just Turns out you were just fucked you at that point. They could see your ass. That's Job's done son. Yeah, but you, nobody can see your butt while you're making love to him.


It's just the way, it's all how God did it. If if that is not the title of your biography, I, I I object nobody can see your butt if you're making love to him. Yeah. Theo Von story and other whimsical notions by Theo Von. Yeah. But it's like you're only If you, You think you think your ass is your worst feature. No, I So you walk outta the room dick first where you're like, we're dick backwards. So you're like, look, keep looking there. Don't look At this. Yeah. Just like I keep, nevermind The man. Pay attention to the man. No attention to the man behind the curtain. Your ass is the wizard of Oz. Yeah, your dick is, what the hell? See your ass is the actual wizard. Oh yeah. Pulling levers And shit. Brian Wiener's the cowardly Lion dude, if I only had an Blood thinners.


Yeah, but to go back to the original question, you can be vegan and, and and get the job. Okay. I don't very easily, I don't come across, I mean I guess I know vegans, but I don't know. They don't tell you when you meet 'em. You do. I what I love about you Theo is your act is like I don't know a lot of things, but you're one of the smartest people I've seen doing This stuff. You think so? You're smart, but more importantly you're clever. Clever goes a lot further than smart in this world. I am not smart. I've been clever. I don't even think I'm a hundred percent clever all the time, but I think I'm very clever about what to do about being Kevin Smith for a living. So I'm, I'm myopically clever on one very small plane, which has kind of worked Out for me. Ma managing yourself well. Yes. Yeah. But I think you're smart. I think you're way smarter than you like to let on and shit. You're like Jay, like Jay is also like, oh no, nothing.


But I'm like motherfucker. Like I'm, don't play me like I write your character. Right. I know what your intelligence level really is and stuff. And while the j character is based on who Jay was when he was 16 years old, he's far smarter than that. And also to be fair, far more responsible, hands down, the best father I've ever met in my entire life, he's a wonderful fucking dad to like two children. Shocking. Because he was like terrible to himself for most of his life and Stuff. Yeah, yeah. I met him at some meetings and stuff. Yeah, He's fuck, I think he's Wanna talk about I he's spoken about that. So it's not, He's very, we did a whole podcast for, for years and we still kind of quasi dude Jay and Silent Bob Get Old, which is fucking, he's coming up I think on his 14th anniversary of being sober and the pr the podcast was predicated on like, we'd go to bars and do this live show where he's the only, everyone else is drunk.


He's the only sober person there. And it was all about keeping him sober. So he would sit there and tell his story about like, oh that's cool. One time I did this. So it was kind of like going to the, a very fun aa meeting where everyone else was drinking except the guy who was witnessing and shit like that. and we got over a hundred, 200 episodes out of that and shit. Wow. It was crazy. and we toured off of that, like Jason from the movies, he didn't really make a lot of money being in Kevin, Smith films. You don't make money being in Kevin, Smith films. You don't make him money making them either. But he made enough money to buy a house because of Jay and Silent Bob. Awesome. So he was, we were clever with the podcast. But you're smart. This is fucking smart. So I know you're smart. Yeah, I think I sometimes I think I'm afraid to try and like I feel like sometimes it's just hard for me to get like my information and how I, it's hard to get it like clear from my brain to my mouth sometimes.


Is that right? And I think I get afraid to speak up on certain things. Like, I Don't know. I dunno. Because Some people seem So BERNIE SANDERS and you, you seem very well fucking Yeah, I mean I had a couple, I literally watched that for a few minutes and was like, that Was fun dude. I Was like this like I. I could not have done that. I could talk to people, but I'd be like, I was Bernie Did. you ever see Clerks? Like that's where my life begins and ends it. Shit. You could literally sit there and have a political conversation. I'm politically not astute. Yeah. Me. I I don't think I could hold that conversation. But you did and you sounded intelligent. Thanks man. And I don't mean like, he sounds smart, but you represent, like that's why when you're like I don't know nothing, I, that's bullshit. like I couldn't have done, and this ain't me kissing ass or licking Knob.


I, I didn't watch the whole interview but for the few minutes I watched I was like, this guy's fucking smart. Well There's some stuff That made me happy to come. 'cause Jordan, Jason Muse's wife, she runs our business. She was like, oh I fucking, she's like, I was like, I gotta go. I'm going. She's like, where are you going? I was like, I going with Theo Von pocket. She goes, oh fuck. She goes, that's right. I love him. Oh that's Sweet of I was like, you fuck with him? And she goes, oh, you think he's so funny and shit like that. What's her name? Jordan Monto. That's sweet of her man. Yeah, I think, well he cares about some of the same stuff I hear about I'm, believe me as our business manager, I'm gonna go with her. I was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take a picture of this. That's his case and be like, we're doing, are we doing shit wrong? I know people in the audience like stop talking about it. But you don't know. You don't know kids. I know what that means.


I'm like, this guy's figured to the fuck out man. I don't want Do you have a network or is it just your Show? No, just us. Really? Yeah. I, it's just, I If You ever start a network? I'll be on it. You will. Fucking heartbeat. Are you kidding me? Fucking get, I'll get We'll plug you in the other room. Dude. Dude, I'll never leave that much free Celsius and shit. I mean he's got his own place like I came into an office like You'll never sleep. I do my shit at home in a spare room. like I started in my kitchen man. and we now we just have to have a place for people to be at to work. And. what Is that? What do you mean? Like, so while the show's not going on, you need people in an office and Yeah, just the producers just so they can be around us so they Can Isn't isn't crazy like the infrastructure that like we Don't have much, we have three. Yeah. Is and we a a huge operation but, But yeah it's fun.


But It's a place like this is, unless they're giving you this place free, you gotta pay for This place. No, they're not Did you. If you're a, I never wanna hear this. I'm not a smart person shit. Ever again. What Was that say Jay, You and Muse in a movie bro. Nevermind David Spade. I ain't trying to throw him under the bus, but fucking you and Jay in a movie. You could be his brother. Oh fuck Shit, hold on. This is happening in real time. What Would we do? I wonder. Want to do you want to come? We are doing a movie next year, early next year. Jay and Silent Bob Store Wars, which is about, they have a dispensary and then somebody opens a dispensary across the street and they're like, they're opposites in every way. And it's, they battle for the whole movie. You legit, I'm not just saying this 'cause I'm on the podcast, but like your vibe is very Jay like number one, I know this would make my boss happy.


Like Jordan would be like, yes bitch, you come in and play fucking Jay's brother who's never been in a movie before. Jordan. Monsanto the person you just told. That's that's Jordan Jay's wife Jordan who runs our company and shit. She produces the movies as well. She does? Yeah. She's been our producer for years. She's been producing since like Tusk. Wow. She's really smart. Fuck smart. Smarter than both you and I. And I know how smart you are. As previously said, you wrote, that's why though Shane ain't got one of those Fucking, you wrote this character. I'm not even, I'm fictional. I'm Telling you bro. You playing Jay's brother makes Sense. Wow. Really dude. A hundred percent. I mean look, I ain't offering you no great shakes. Being in a Kevin Smith movie helps nobody. No, I just heard it doesn't make any money. Oh wow. Yeah, that's true. And that's their daughter Logan. And then they have a little boy now named Lucian.


He wasn't alive when we did this picture. That's sweet. He came afterwards. That was clerks three, so Yes. Yeah, so it's dope beef. They, they got two dispensaries that are having dope beef basically. Yeah, that's cool. It's a war. Yeah, we need that kind of fucking shit. That's a comedy but it ain't no studio comedy like no studio. How Much does it cost to make a movie like that? What's kind of like your highest budget? That'll be 10. I If I can get I, can I can get between eight to 10 for a Jay and Silent Bob type thing. Clerks three thing, the four 30 movie, which is coming out September 13th. Presumably that's what we're here to talk about. But I'm just, I just came hang. Yeah, I just came for the sales. No, I want to talk a little bit more about that time Too. Four. Oh we don't have to, but the four 30 movie cost 3 million bucks. Wow.


Ban financed that. And was it Ban, ban Ban. Have they financed some of your other films Too? They did Jane sell Bob Reboot. Okay. Years and years ago. They also did the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. Did they? And how much can we, can you make a real return on a movie like that? You can make a return, right? You can make your money back and make a little scratch. Yeah, I think that's, I think I can stay in the business for as long as I, for three decades when I'm well past my fucking past due date. Because I can always pivot to inexpensive. Right? So a lot of people are like, well it's gotta be fucking 20 million or I can't do it. I'm the other guy where I'm like, oh I'll I can do it for three. Yeah. Whether we could do it for three or not.


It's like we'll get there. We'll cram it into that fucking number PI Wouldn't wanna be anything, anything fancy. Yeah. And the privilege of like making a movie like everyone don't get to do that. It's a weird fucking, I think about position where you say to somebody like, can you give me a lot of money to make, pretend most people are like just make pretend by themselves for free and shit. Yeah. And you're like, I, I can't quite do it. And I realize like my job is is such, it's full of shit man. It's a heck of lies. Basically what I try to do in life is capture artificially capture a moment that happened to me that made my head or heart feel something so overwhelmingly wonderful that I was like, if I can fucking capture that and put it in a movie and show people how it felt, I bet you other people would identify with that.


So it was like all like Bridges of Madison County. I mean I guess absolutely to some degree, right? If, if that was your speed or whatever the fuck. But like the idea of like I was on set and I guess it was because this, the four 30 movie is the first movie. Four, Not four not cool because it's like in the eighties. Is it eighties or nineties? Eighties that it takes place. 70 Eighties. 1986. Yeah dude, it just had this like this free when you couldn't, when your imagination where you If you wondered if a girl cared about you, all you could do is lay on your back in the, in your fucking room floor listening to like, like Nirvana or something. Yes. Tape you put together over and Over. I'm just wondering and praying and pining and just dry humping the carpet.


Wow. That this woman cared about you. Shy of dry humping the carpet. Which I ain't against, but that was never a part of my repertoire. It is. You've exact, you've nailed the feeling of me trying to capture that fucking feeling essentially. That's What I do. you know in Movies we weren't that rich. Oh my God. Were you rich? No we weren't. But where'd you get carpet? I heard about shag carpet and I thought that's what you were supposed to do. You heard About it. Yeah. Did. you have carpet period. Oh yeah, we had carpet. Yeah we had Wall to wall did like the cheap shit. Yeah. Not, not, you know what? Yeah. Rugs are expensive. Carpeting is less expensive. You could pee on our carpet. Yeah, well And others did on work protest And sometimes not capturing the moment though being, being a liar for a living and shit like that.


That is what making movies is, is all about. That's why I like podcasting because it ain't alive. Basically everything's true. Like you just sit down, start talking, having conversation. Yeah. You try your Face. Movies Is like I. One day someone will try. Maybe not this particular moment but and and I've done it in movies, you try to capture a podcast in a movie. Like in Tusk we have them podcasting and stuff. And once again that's an artificial snapshot of a moment that made me feel fucking absolute joy. And then you give that moment to the movie and then the movie goes out to the audience and then the mo moment stops being just yours. And then for the rest of your life you interact with that movie. Periodically it comes up and you're watching it and you see this like wonderful, this approximation, this half-ass approximation of some amazing thing that had happened to.


And you go, oh shit, that's right. Like that was mine. But then I shared it with the art form and stuff. When it comes to preparing for a movie, what are some pitfalls that people can avoid? It might be little things, it might just be the biggest pitfall. Being focused, having enough time. Like Honestly the biggest pitfall, I mean you'll never have enough time. You'll never have enough money. I don't give a shit what your budget is like. Whether you have 3 million or 300, every filmmaker, every producer always has the same complaint, which is like not enough time, not enough money. And even if you've got more money, you think that'll ameliorate it. It just winds up being the same fucking problem economy of scale. So don't worry about that shit. This is what you need to think about. I think primarily be prepared in as much as like if you're starting for the first time, you've never done this shit before.


Obviously this is an advice for people who do it for a living. Let's say you're a first timer. Rehearse the fuck outta that shit. Like a month on Clerks Mallrats chasing Amy rehearse for a month before we went near a set. That way your take ratio is gonna be real low. Now some people will be like, what does that matter? In the age of a fucking digital video? Back when you were shooting film, yes it was expensive to process film time is money on a movie fucking set. Yeah. So If, you can accomplish it in one take. Fucking move on. Like the story of my life, and I've told it before publicly, so this might not be news to some, but how I've been able to keep doing what I've been doing for 30 years. If people are like I hate him, why does he keep fucking, how come he still works? This is why I don't strive for excellence. I and Chris fucking Nolan, believe me, every critic will tell you that and shit.


Chris Nolan strives for excellence. I, from the beginning of my career, from Clerks Forward was never like, let's make it fucking perfect. If I was striving for perfection, I don't think I've ever made my first film yet. I'd still be sitting there frozen. What will it be? Like? Oh, good enough will take you very far. Good enough has taken me 30 years. So on the set of clerks we'd be shooting, I'd be like, cut. All right that's good enough. Let's move on. Let's do something else. Good enough has gotten me here, has gotten me all the way to this fucking chair. Good enough will get you as far as you need to go. Now you know that's probably not winner talk, right? Like fucking If, you win a wanna win an Oscar, you gotta leave it on the table. You gotta fucking like make people hurt. Fucking make those movies where like Leonardo's fighting a fucking bear and shit and fucking make people sit in the snow to do it because everyone's gotta be miserable in order for this to read and shit like that.


I ain't that guy, ain't that committed to it shit. I just like to make pretend maybe Get a little money for it and shit. So I can't go in authentically like that where it's like, oh fucking everything. It's gonna be perfection at the cost of everybody. And there are directors who do that and I respect them I guess a little bit. I wouldn't do that to my casting crew, but like those movies are fucking successful because they've got a vision and a drive and the passion of a filmmaker. If I were ever trying to make one of those things, it wouldn't happen. Number one, I don't have the talent. Number two, I don't have that kind of patience and shit. Number three, I can't do that to other people. I want people leaving my set going, I had a good ass fucking time. That's how I keep my budget's low. Crew comes back and they'll work for fucking scale.


'cause they're like, look, you don't pay a lot but fucking, it's a good time on a set. You're gonna enjoy yourself, you're gonna have fucking happy memories and shit like that. Good enough gets me to the set. you know, if I've rehearsed enough before we shoot and I'm on set, one, two takes tops and I'm like good enough, moving on. Wow. And that time all adds up. That's fucking money. So strive for, for perfection I guess at some point in your career I honestly never have and I've just been doing it for 30 years and some people out there, I'm sure the letterbox crowd would be disgusted by that thought. Like, oh he doesn't even fucking try. Clearly I try, I've been doing this for 30 fucking years. Well you show up. That's trying. I don't try and beyond show up, I deliver. I just don't fucking make everyone's life miserable to fucking deliver something that's like, I've got a vision.


Right? It's like I got an idea where we're going and shit. Let's all have a good time doing it. Otherwise, what was the fucking point? Hmm. If people on a set are miserable, when you make pretend for a living, everybody has fucking failed and you shouldn't be doing this. Like it should be fun. It's make it pretend for a living. And I understand, you know there are some people like no man art is pain and is not really, this is, this isn't an art form, don't get me wrong, but like doesn't have to be fucking painful. It's very cathartic and a lot of folks can't do that fucking pivot. Like it's gotta be this. And I, I don't believe in that. So I'm the guy that's just like, that's good enough move, let's moving on. It's fascinat. Every one of my, my movies is good enough, don't have to be great and shit. I saw somebody the other day on Twitter was like, it's got like one or two really brilliant ideas in his movie and the rest is just some fucking horse shit.


And I'm like, like yeah, I mean that's it. You don't have to keep watching 'em If, you don't like that kind of thing. But I'm lucky I got one or two good ideas in the horse shit. Like especially 30 years into my career. Oh It's fascinating man. 'cause yeah if you're always aiming for, for perfection then but a lot of times If you showing up and delivering and good enough. 'cause most people don't even go that far. The fear of the LA of not being prepared for perfection prevents them sometimes from taking the step. Well it's the, so It's fear of not being able to achieve perfection. Right? I just accept early on it's like I'm never gonna be fucking perfect and you're never the dictator of this anyway. And I don't mean the dictator like a guy or an autocrat. You don't get to dictate whether or not that thing is what it is that you say it is.


You make a thing with one intention, the audience can tell you what that fucking thing is, what it means and shit like that. This is a story I tell an awful lot. So if you've heard this in another place, I apologize. But when I was making the four 30 movie, and this ain't to bring it back to that, no like I, it's, it's relevant to this conversation. We, I was shooting a scene with the three boys, they're in the car and they're just like fucking goofing off while they're driving dancing while they drive playing the Chaka Ks I feel for you. So they were, you know, for direction. I went over to the vehicle and I was like, kids, you know you're just goofing around dance, whatever the fuck, do whatever you want just as long as you make it iconic. And I walked away and that fucked all of their heads up.


I had no idea. Like Nick who plays Bernie in the movie was like, that's your fucking direction. Make it iconic. That's a little fucking pressure, don't you think? And I was like, well no. I said, oh, then I realized I have the benefit of experience. I've been doing this for 30 years. I was like, what I mean by that is that every decision that you're making here in real time is like dropping a stone in the water and watching the ripple effect or the butterfly effect. Like it's crazy what people years from now will concentrate on about this weird little moment in the movie that you're just like, what should we do? And I'm like, oh, just make it iconic. And I mean that because people will be watching this scene forever and it will hopefully connect with them even if it's somebody who wasn't alive in 1986, a current day teenager who could see that fucking sense, that joy that's in the scene.


So these things we do in the moment like this fair, it passes and it's just a fucking Kevin Smith movie. But I promise you this movie is, somebody's gonna be somebody's fucking life preserver. This is gonna be their buoy that's gonna keep 'em fucking drowning. And I know that because I've been doing it 30 years and I was at the Dallas fan expo and like last year and a guy came up to me, he was like in his maybe early thirties, late twenties, early thirties. and he had a copy of Mallrats on VHS, very well worn copy and shit. I was like, holy shit, look at this fucking yeah. Ancient piece of Americana. Yeah. I mean how many times you watch this? He goes a lot. He and he goes, I said, who am I signing it to? He goes, I want you to make it out to my son gave me his son's name. I was like, what's the story there? You Get a few minutes to have this exchange and my man rocks my fucking world.


and he goes, the I'm gonna give this to my son when he is older. He's gone. This is the movie that saved my life. And I'm like, thank you. And you hear that a lot. I'm sure you've heard that too. Where people are like, bro, your show saved my life or blah blah blah. Sometimes I'm driving, you're the difference between me going crazy and not, or I saw your standup special. It made me fucking laugh. And that fucking, I needed that on that day 'cause I was circling the fucking drain. So in this business we have experience with people that perhaps overly express it by saying something like, oh my God, fucking your shit saved my life and stuff. So I've heard that sentiment and I know how to receive it. And I'm like, oh my God, thank you. That's so kind. and he goes, no, I'm serious. He's going. My father used to beat the shit outta me every day I, after school, I'd come home and he would mercilessly relentlessly beat me to the point of fucking near dying.


Wow. He's like, and then I would crawl to my bedroom, bloody mess. And I would close the bedroom door and I'd put in Mallrats and I would escape to the mall with Ts and Brody and Jay and Silent Bob. And he is gone. And that was my happy place. And that's how I survived living with my father through this fucking tape. He goes, now I have a son and he is going. And I would never be the piece of shit that my fucking father was to me my whole life. Wow. And I wanna give my kid this tape when he is old enough so he understands he could survive anything. 'cause his father survived the absolute worst And this was what he clang clung to. Wow and natural. I gave him a big hug and I was like, no Did, you survive that shit. Like fucking, this is just a movie that might've helped. But like when you share of yourself like that and you go off and make, and you know, it don't matter what it is when it comes to movies, they have this weird impact.


It doesn't matter what we do when it comes to this show, when it comes to your live shows, but particularly when you make something like a movie, people cherish that kind of thing because you're in and out, there's an engagement period. 90 minutes to two hours are gonna take you on a ride and then bring you back and leave you where you were. So everyone knows what to expect in that. And over the course of their lifetime, they've turned to movies in times of trial. Oh yeah. Watch Family Man every year to feel Good. So you create that and you become that for somebody else. So the movie you're talking about Megan with Spade, I guarantee you one day somebody comes up to you and tells you a story as fucking heartbreaking. Yet as wonderful as that, which is like something you didn't even give that much thought to.


Like if my man came up to, he was like, Dogma save my life. I'd be like, I understand it man. Like fucking I, I worked hard on that and I was, that movie's pretty fucking profound on some levels and shit. Yes, it has a lot of butt fucking jokes, but I like to balance it out. But when somebody tells you like Mallrats saved their life. Yeah. You're like, I wasn't thinking of that when I made movie. Do you think 25-year-old Kevin Smith was going, this is gonna save somebody's life. Hold on Jay, get ready to fucking swing me across the fucking mall. And you know, it's, you don't think about that. So when I told the kids make it iconic, that's what it comes down to. Even the things you're not thinking about that as being important you think are dismissive or, or just, oh it's just a moment in a movie. Someone will find that as the buoy that keeps them from fucking drowning.


Hmm. So every moment then is kind of important. But isn't that the lesson of life in general? Every moment is kind of important man. Like you know when I was in the nuthouse they say all sorts of simplistic shit, which is fucking really helpful. And you can put it on a towel and stuff in a kitchen aphorism or whatever. Fuck And. what they say every day is a gift. That's why it's called the present. And it's kind of true. Hmm. Like it's absolutely true. Like so often we're so fucking bored as a species that we don't think about like you're only gonna get so many breaths, you're only gonna get so many heartbeats and shit like that. And I always tell my wife after the heart attack, I was like, I'm living on borrowed time. And she's like, well that's fucking macab. And I was like, no this is, I'm painfully aware we're all living on borrowed, borrowed time. I'm just fucking well aware of it.


Act accordingly. Do you think, like as a creator Did you ever wanna invent? So Did, you ever also think about inventing something but you didn't do it? Because a lot of times people who are creative think about things like does, is there ever been One, not an invention like fucking floy or something like That, right? But anyone that kind of stood out in your head or something? 'cause I thought like I've been trying to make this movie Moose Jaws for 10 years. One day I'm gonna get, it's gonna happen. I'm gonna find the money for it. And eventually I'm gonna get to the place where I'm like, you know what, I'll just put up my house. I, I ain't got Theo Von money and shit, but I got a nice house where I can probably, You can live in that Celsius cooler If you want I'll, I saw my house live there. I'm like, honey, get ready. Because who like, yeah. I always say like, who invented the swimming pool? Wherever like I always think about who invented certain stuff, you know? Or like, and then I think if I would want to have an invention, like I thought of, oh I used to think there was a dog collar or whatever that if a, 'cause they had a lot of howling dogs by us when I was a kid.


And so if it howled it would help the dog learn how to howl more melodically or whatever. Or like a adorable muse, you know? So, so eventually the how So it's not just like ow. Yeah. It's like, oh there's somebody to howl with because they always harmonize when there's more than one. Right. So then almost So it's a lonely dog. It's almost like having a pocket pal, Like Bell biv dog bow or so dog bow or something. I can totally mezo spaniel or whatever. It's The first draft for a name. But I like where you're going with it. Yeah, okay Good. Yeah. But wouldn't it be beautiful if you're laying there and one of 'em house, you like these motherfuckers, but then they're like, Woohoo. Totally. And they're all fucking singing in unison and shit. So I thought If you could do a group collar, like for a neighborhood or small region.


I thought that that would be pretty cool. And then you and then fucking, they're the next Nirvana three neighborhood dogs that just got together and have these harmonizing Collars. Yeah. And people like, he's singing exactly how I fucking feel. I don't know what he's saying, but that's how I feel. That's a beautiful thing about art. You don't even have to know the lyrics to a song by dog nirvana. You just feel it when you play it. Yeah. That's why if I was a, if I, I wish I was in a different art form. If I was a singer, I can open up my mouth, sing a note and you'd know how I felt. That'd be me. My self-expression. If I was a painter I could take a blank canvas, put some color on it, you'd know how I felt. But I'm a director. I chose directing as an art form. It's the dumbest art form. 'cause that's where you say shit like, I need to self-express, give me $20 million in Ben Affleck stat.


It's, it's not, it's not the, it's, it's not the best art form for a guy like me. I always felt like me in film was like me trying like I took Spanish in high school, four years of Spanish. Oh yeah. But very minimal. Poco Spanish. So I always think of me as a filmmaker as like somebody who took four years of high school Spanish, you know, and got C'S to D's and then tries to go to Spain and passes as a local. Oh, I see what you're saying. Like visual, visually speaking. Visual storytelling is not my first language. Like this shit, if movies were this like just two dudes sitting down and talking, fuck Yeah, you'd be down Jerry Garcia, I'd Be Gilbert's son. Oh fuck Jerry Garcia, man, I'd be making that Theo Von money and shit. Be Right on. You've gotten a, yeah, but Did, you ever think of an invention?


I just think that no creative people always wonder if they think of inventions. you know, I Don't, I'm not, I guess you've struck the nerve. I'm not creative because I, I would think of an invention if I did, but I never, I doubt that I Know that true. I'm too self-involved. My head's, my eyes. You Created a lot of Stuff. Yeah. But just about me and my world and shit very myopic. So no, I've never thought like, ooh, this invention would be good for others. I've never like done something. There's like gotta be a better way. You've gotten to direct a lot of, you got to direct George Carlin, you've gotten direct Ben Affleck. Anything that stands out to you about talented men like that in general or talented actors in general? Anything that they all have in common or something that you notice about people that are able to grab people's attention?


That's A cool question. I like it. Lemme see. Is there such a thing as like, that person's got it. I do believe in that. Yeah. Guess what? Like what the, what I'm asking kids called today? Riz. Riz. Yeah. Aura. Aura. That's the new word. Thank You. Yeah. I think, anyway, I'm not sure. Anytime I Get a new word, I dom my clock back a little bit. Yeah. Aura Kids. Yeah. But let's just go with the Riz, which was like I 10 minutes ago or whatever the fuck. The ones that got the Riz, those are the ones you know about. Like they work a lot because they've got this like natural charisma where it's like camera loves him. They know how to be exactly in front of a camera. you know, somebody like Brad Pitt born to be in front of a camera. Yeah. you know? And one could argue like, well over time he learned how to be in front of a camera. Sure. Maybe. But like, number one, he is attractive to look at and the movies we like to look at attractive people and stuff.


Number two, he seems very relaxed and natural. So you never, like he's acting. It almost seems like he's fucking underact a lot of times. He's just not phoning it in. But he ain't trying man, you don't get the fat feeling this thirsty motherfucker's really going for it. Just there. and he eats all the time in the movies. He's always just sitting there fucking eating and shit. Yeah. Casual as fuck. So that dude's got like tripping with charisma. That's why he's goddamn movie star. So all of them, when you reach that level, like where you're casting people who've been in other things that are famous, they're all fucking, they all got the Riz, they're all Jedi. Like at a certain point you start working with Complete Jedi across the board. It's just a, you know, a fucking matter of how Jedi are they? How fucking powerful are they and stuff like, everyone could do it.


But like, some people are exceptional. So Michael Parks the guy that was in Red State for us in Tusk. He's the crazy old man in, in Red State in Tusk. He passed on Rest in Power. He, that dude was like brilliant, the finest actor I've ever met. My best actor I've ever met in my life. He, he gives an eight minute hate speech in Red State that like, I'm not gonna say it almost convinces you, but like, you forget that it's an a vile fucking speech that he's giving because it's delivered so incredibly well and through the southern pais that he chose and stuff, it was, he, that guy has had it, he's passed now. But yes, to answer the question, absolutely.


I think it's, it's, it's, there's other words for it. People always say they got it, but for lack of a better description, it would be the Riz, they got the Riz and ready to go man. Like extra. Do you think it's kind of gross how the media, like the media always takes pictures of Ben Affleck looking sad, you know, or trying to make him look sad. That's only 'cause the public's interested in it. Like, if they did it once and nobody clicked on it, they wouldn't take, they wouldn't fucking run that story again. But people find it fascinating where they're like, why is that guy who must be so rich and has it all, why does he look like that? And you know, He struggles with addiction, right. They know that that's happened. So like isn't it gross then at that point to if, you know, somebody has like, 'cause alcoholism Do I think it's, do I think it's fair? No, but like he knew the job was dangerous when he took it.


He's, he's in a high profile public position unfortunately that comes along with it. You can't just sign up for movie star worldwide global fame and go like, yeah, but nobody can take pictures of me when I'm not in a good mood. Right. Like that's part of the rule. Like If, you go out in the world, we live in a world of cameras, that's gonna happen. Yeah. But it only keeps happening because they did it once and people clicked on it and found it interesting and then started making memes about it. So then people keep feeding the beast. So I, I, you know, do I think it's fair? Well let's break it, let's break it down like this. I'll break it down like, like a Catholic, you know, Ben's wife, Ben's life is pretty wonderful from the outside it looks like.


And and even from the inside knowing him, it's pretty wonderful. And Ben's gotten to see a lot of his dreams come true. If the cost is every once in a while somebody's like, he looks fucking sad when he is drinking Dunking Donuts. Yeah. I mean at the end of the day, you gotta let that shit go. And now that's easy for me to say as a guy who like still finds himself dipping into the comments going, what are they saying about me? Which is fucking recipe for disaster. Ben is not that guy as far as I know, Ben has never had a social media account. I mean, he is had a social media account, but somebody else fed into it. He was not the guy posting. So he ain't looking for that shit. He's not real public and stuff. But it comes along with the job. If you're gonna be the guy who, you know, you were one half of the Goodwill hunting boys that the whole world fell in love with you.


You took your moms to the Oscars. Come on. Yeah. There's nothing cuter about that. They're asshole kids and whatnot and you know, a Lot of, and the Patriots won so much And the Fervency that goes along with that. But then, yeah, fuck, you're right. But then sometimes not fuck 'em. No. Yeah, sorry. But it, yeah, it just, it Just, it's just comes along with it. So If, you don't want that anymore. The ball and everything Give up the other thing. Yeah. Should said that, but unfortunately it's just, it's a byproduct of the job that you've chosen. Yeah. Like, you know, if, if if Ben was a teacher in Cambridge, he'd go out, smoke a cigarette, drink Dunking Donuts and look like he's having an existential crisis all he wants and nobody would give a fuck. Yeah, it's true. But because he's been aff, like people have this idea that like he should be happier than that. And it's like, come on man.


Like people are like, think about my like I live in a world of three act structure and I realize that it's really fucked me up for my entire life. Three act structure is movies. Yeah. And they always have an ending that's generally on the happy side, but there's an ending and a conclusion. And when those credits roll, those characters don't have to fucking go back to work on Monday and just have a normal ass fucking day. Or then you see them fail or you see that couple that fell in love fucking like fall apart and shit like that. You don't see that Movies are happy snapshots moments and stuff like that. So most people think, like, somebody like Ale is like, oh my God, this guy's got it made and he must be happy every fucking second of the day. It's possible. Oh, I don't Think that at all.


Fucking happy. I think he's probably just a regular dude. I just think it's shit a hundred percent. If like that there's websites and shit. If somebody is a has, you know, suffers from like alcoholism or something, they know that they're, you know that there's something kind of all there's, it's a condition that they would then do that. It just seems egregious to me like I wouldn't do that to somebody. Like, oh, this person's has a sickness. Let me show them looking depressed or something. It just seems neither Would I in generally gross. I don't engage in that sort of thing. Yeah, but I just wanna take a moment to shout you out for this. That's very sweet of you Theo. Like that's, that's, most people go in the other direction. People love a train wreck, right? Nobody goes to the train station to see the train come in fucking on time unless you're getting on the fucking train.


That ain't interesting. But was it a train wreck? Oh fuck yeah. Let's go look at the fucking bodies, as George Carlin would say. So it's nice to hear you go like, I don't like that. Like you got a line where you're like, this guy's got drinking problems or is that drinking problems? This might make him drink again. That's human to think that way. Rest of the world don't think that way. Rest of the world looks at that guy and they go fuck him. He is Got it all. Yeah. So now if the fucking pats are winning, fucking I know, I know there are levels and shit like that. Okay. Are you a sports guy? I am a little bit. I got two more, two more questions. Did, you. I know you're Did you, I apparently Have way more question Did. you go, are you a sports guy? Did. you go to Stan Lee's funeral? I did not go to Stan Lee's funeral Saturday. Did you, Did You think about it or I dunno, If you guys were even close or anything. I just know that we were Very close. I went to Stan Lee's final birthday party, which was in December, the few months before he passed away or right before, you know, or he was 95 and he almost made it to 96.


I was his 95th birthday party. I still have pictures on my phone. When they buried him. I would, I didn't get invited. And I'm not saying like, oh fuck them. They didn't invite me. But there was no like, hey, you could come or anything. Right? But we were fucking close man. Like we, like in the last year of his life, nobody was close to him because the situation, people kept him away from people. He was kind of, there was an elder abuse situation going on. Yeah. That party right there. Oh, that's cool Day. It was December 28th, 2017. Happy birthday. And then he died a few months after that. So, but the last year of his life, it was tough to be around him. And I don't mean tough to be around him 'cause like what an asshole. I mean, you couldn't get near him.


Mm. The people who were kind of in charge of him kept everyone away. I couldn't text him anymore, even call him and shit like that. So I didn't have access toward the end. It, it was a sad ending for, for Stan. But I realized like toward the end we did a commercial, an Audi commercial when age of Ultron was coming out and the premise of the commercial was like the Stan Lee School of Cameo acting. So he would put on like Thor helmet and be like, this is acting. And then he put on like a random general helmet and he iss like this is cameo acting. 'cause Stan did a lot of cameos and shit. So the whole spot is that. And then he gets an Audi and drives away and it's a class. I'm in the class. Jason Muse is in the class. Michael Rucker's in the class might've seen it.


Yeah. It ran like I did years and years ago. Did. So we shoot this spot and it was hanging out with Stan all day. And then we doing the last shot where car goes passed Lou Faro hitchhiking, like at the end of the Incredible Hulk, when I was talking at the post office once, Lou Regno. Yeah. Awesome dude. Nice. Very nice to me. So Stan's like body man and he, his business guy, financial guy came to set to like watch the end of the show and he was hanging out by monitor and we were chitchatting and he was like, oh, I love this stuff. I love production. He's going, Stan so happy. He always has a good time hanging out with you. And I was like, oh, I always like being around Stan too. It just seemed like a nice thing to say. And then the guy like, fucking lethal iss a heart attack.


He goes, you know, he thinks you like a son. I fucking like, I was like, what? Like really? And then it occurred to me that like I always thought he was just being nice to me because we put him in Mallrats. Like he was just being Stan political, which is like, Hey everybody, you know? Yeah. Everybody's fucking grandpa. You. But he legit actually like, like liked me as a person. And, and yeah, When I see that picture, actually I thought of that for a second. Kind of, He taught me a lot. Had To little of a father son vibe kind Of. He, he taught me how to be me for a living. He didn't sit me down and be like, this is ib. But this is a dude who like, you know, it was one thing to be creative, right? Like he co-created most of the Marvel universe. And, and yes, you know, of course he worked great artists like Steve Ditko and Jack Kirby and whatnot.


But like the imagination that went into it, this was a man who wanted to write the great American novel. like I remember talking to him, interviewing him at one point and he was like, well I really wanted to write the Great American novel. And I was like, Stan, you did like, you just didn't do it as a book. You did it with the Marvel universe. It's, it's our modern fucking mythology. But he wasn't aiming for that. Wow. That's so true. I Didnt think about that. Just something he did for money and backed into. And then later on the culture shifted like into hi into his favor because people like comics. But he was like fucking banging the symbols for comics since I was a kid. I remember my father like calling me out one morning, I was getting ready for school. He goes, get inside Spider-Man's dad is on TV and he was on Good Morning America talking to like the, one of the earliest hosts of before even Joan London on Good Morning America about comic books.


and he was a grown ass adult man on television talking about something I was passionate about. Something that I knew very well and loved. So I respected the dude right away. I knew his voice even before I saw him and even before I heard his voice. And like Spider-Man, his amazing friends in every episode because he would write that stamps soapbox. And in it he was a salesman. He he was an artist, don't get me wrong. and he co co-created all those characters. But that don't mean shit. You could make a million books and characters and shit If. you don't know how to sell yourself. You sell your work, nobody gonna hear about it. And that guy, you know, a lot of people, like he took all the credit himself. I, I'm not here to address that. All I know is he pushed the medium of comics so far.


He was out there in the mainstream. He would go to colleges before anyone respected comic books when colleges were like these books. you know, 10, 20 years after Stan wrote these stories, he would be invited to come proselytize talk about the art form, the emerging art form. One of the only true American art forms is the fucking comic book. The superhero comic book. So this was a man who was like out there doing the work, like building the fucking rails upon which billion dollar fucking steamship films Are now steamships move now. I mean Deadpool doesn't happen if that doesn't happen. Exactly. and he didn't create Deadpool, right? Nor did he create Wolverine. But but still he created the playground in which those two characters were created by other, other creators in the Marvel universe.


Yeah. Comics and stuff. So yeah. I I, yeah, I I miss him man. I learned a lot from him. It's like you can't expect other people to love your shit unless you love it first. You gotta love it the best. That's what I was saying like a long time ago. You're the only audience you can guarantee to satisfy. So If, you keep your budget low, real low and it don't matter, go for it and stuff, but just don't expect the whole world's gonna come modify your expectations. Like my wife. Hmm. So the four 30 movie, it's about the First, it's about 85 minutes long And it touches on like Young Love, kind of that first moment. Oh It's dripping with fucking young Love God. You remember that? You remember gonna your first date movie or not at That movie theater?


Oh absolutely. The whole movie's about that first date with my high school girlfriend, like Kim Larin. Mm. Who? Kim Garby now she's married, but the, the, the flick just set at the movie theater spot Castle Cinemas that I have with my friends in Jersey and Atlanta Cols. You can go to it and go see movies there. We do events there all the time. Mod castle cinemas.com look for events. It's in Redbank, In in Atlantic Highlands, New, Jersey Atlantic s it's not far from Redbank but in that theater hanging up like behind the ticket counter is a note that I wrote to Kim. Oh, Kim Loran wrote to me when we were in high school and it said Kevin, will you take me to see Dirty Dancing at the Atlantic Highlands Twin Cinema this Thursday or whatever.


Love Kim. So it's hanging up at the theater because like the note was about that theater and then I grew up and bought that fucking theater with my friends and kept it alive and stuff. Yeah. So the movie is aching with like star crossed first love and and you know, I remember I to talk about, I'd read a review for Pretty and Pink when I was a kid and it was in the Asbury Park press, our local paper and I could never figure out who wrote it. It wasn't the person who reviewed films locally. So it was a wire service review but of pretty and pink. They said sometimes you just wanna enjoy a movie where the biggest stakes are whether or not the kids are gonna go to the prom. And that stayed with me since that fucking movie years and years and 40 years ago. So this movie is incredibly low stakes.


It's just like are they gonna go on the date or not? Yeah, I was just aching with like that fucking like, oh what it was like to be a kid in those days before there was social media, before you were kind of isolated on your cell phone. Phones play a big part in the movie but it's like emergency breakthroughs like, and there are cordless phones but it's like the pull up the thing as you talk and a lot of fucking push button dialing and stuff. So it's of an era that like, you know, that I grew up in that kind of shaped me and most of the movies I've ever made have been about like the nineties so to speak. I would love that though. And this movie is more about the eighties takes you back to like 86. So it is, it's really like, whereas it's hard on its fucking sleeve and the kids in it are amazing. Austin, Nick Reed, Sienna like a fantastic cast.


I, when I finished the script it was normally when I make a movie I'm like script's the best thing about it. Yeah. And I always felt that way 'cause I'm like we can Get a cool cast but it's all predicated on the script. This is the first time I've read one of my scripts and I was like, well I hope the cast is real good 'cause there's not real, there's not a lot going on in the script. I said, but if the cast is charming, this movie will work and the cast is crazy, wonderful, charming. Amen. Amen. And so if the movie works at all, it's 'cause of them. 'cause of Ken Chong, 'cause of Justin Long 'cause of all the people that are in it September 13th you could say to theater near you. And then digitally of course it'll come down. We'll Share about it on our socials too man. I'll make sure to that we remember that word. Yeah. I remember being that age just praying that my dick would be big. you know we used to do that all the time. Me and my buddy Scott.


I pray For that. I was always okay with the dick size and it wasn't big but I was like I, when Did you realize you didn't have a big dick like I, why were you praying for something? You'd fall, you knew you had the big dick. Well I think at Like 12 or 13 you started pre or some people started praying about it like around us. But Did you have a size comparison to look at and be like, my dick's not Like that. No, but you just knew people wanted to Have how Did, you just know Theo People said like, oh you got a little, people would say, oh what? So Why Did? you believe him. You had no proof. Proof's in the pudding. If you're If you're not seeing it. You're not being it. So all this time you've been worried that you got not a big enough dick. You could have gone hot home anytime you wanted. All you had to do was click your heels together. You Have for all you know you got the biggest dick in the world. you know what your show whip it out.


Let's find out. I'll take out mine and you're gonna feel like a champion. You're gonna be like, oh I'm better than 'em in this way too. Hey look, You can hot 11 in my dick. Find one Celsius can. I'll tell you that That's my dream to be thick as a Celsius can and just as tasty. Oh God, now we're talking. My God. Yes it's arctic blast. It'd be very easy to get blown If. you taste like Arctic blast. Especially if your wiener had like one of those pop things at the end, like a pop top. If They could just pop it off. And also if when they were done they were gonna be like, I'm gonna feel energetic 'cause I could burn extra calories Like I'm ready for work. That would change your wife's behavior in the morning. I think truly would. I could Maybe I could get like 8:00 AM 9:00 AM going on. God, I'm gonna pray about that. So wait, but you know, you said something before you don't right now.


You're not in a relationship. No. When was the last year's relationship? You Probably like four or five years. you know? So I want to be in one. So that's Why you're successful son. Oh I felt Like I married Work If. You're like fuck love. You're like I'm married to my job. Yeah, that's what happens. So now the job's in a great fucking place. Now you're like hmm, who will I, who will I share all this with? Yeah, now I gotta find a wife, I gotta get some, I gotta Get a little bit of help. First I gotta find a wife. I gotta decompress, I gotta Find a wife. You don't need to find a wife, you just need to find somebody. Yeah. You ain't gotta marry him and shit like that. Yeah. Find a i. You got a lot to protect right now. So don't fucking Find a partner in crime. Yeah, just find Somebody when you're done doing it. When you're done being Theo and you know you just go be Theo. Yeah. And just have some ki some kids that are your own to play with and stuff.


Oh God. Be careful though. When you have kids and you want hang out with 'em and you do shit with 'em, public gets shitty. I put up that thing about Beardless stickless me on my Instagram and there was some somebody, it was like, ew, stop forcing your kid down my throat. And it's like I aint, you don't have to fucking listen. It's a free podcast. It's not mandatory. Yeah. I'm not saying this is like taxes where it's like you gotta do this. It's like If, you don't wanna fuck with it, don't fuck with it. It's always amazing to me when like people get hostile and shit like that. There's one guy who was like, this is the weirdest reaction. He goes, I saw a video where you crying on YouTube and shit and you went crazy and you said you were stop posting and now it's gimme a dollar here, gimme a dollar here and you're doing this podcast. So I went through everything he said. I was like, is any of this true?


And I did do a YouTube video but I wasn't crying in it. And I did say I was gonna like not fuck with my socials as much, which I didn't for the better part of a year after I got outta the fucking nuthouse and shit, I stayed away from that shit so I could try to figure out how I felt about myself, nevermind how this random fucker feels about me and shit. And then he was saying that like I asked for a dollar here and there. It's not true. I was advertising a free fucking podcast and I was about to respond and then I was like, you know you've been around so fucking long. you know the game, why are you even fucking wasting a second man? So I just deleted that shit. Moved on with my day. It's like they taught me in the nuthouse man. Like there's two places that human beings love to exist and the two least healthy places for a human being to be the past and the future.


Hmm. The condition of the human being is such that we spend so much of our time thinking about what we've done And, what went wrong, And what could have and should have happened and our regret. and we re-litigate the past like we're expert fucking lawyers and barristers and shit like that. And so we're not hearing the moment we're in the past going like, oh remember I said that shit? And why didn't that person say hi that time and fucking man, how come that dude's doing it and I'm not? Why are they ahead of me and shit like that. That's all fucking stuff. You can't do anything about past happened. You can't rewrite that. You can't change it. Yeah. Fucking May maybe If you Tony Stark. You can go back and change it. Think and then end game happens. But you cannot fucking change the past. So stay outta the fucking past because the past is depression. Future is anxiety because nobody controls that shit.


Nobody knows what's gonna happen and you can't sit there. We we're, you know, a lot of people you meet in me like you should write a story like I ain't creative like you bullshit. Everybody in this audience is way more creative than me as finer writer than me, if not better. When it comes to imagining a dire future for themselves. We are all the most creative and inventive fucking individuals when we're thinking about all the shit that could go wrong. That's fascinating. We build scenarios, crazy scenarios about this happens and this and this and this. And we live in them. They're so fucking real. The body remembers there's a book called The Body Remembers, which is about trauma and how the body stores trauma scientifically proven, body remembers trauma. So then later on in life, when you think about the trauma, guess what? The body remembers it and it revisits it through the amygdala.


Shit like that. So when you've got PTSD, that's why people get the shakes are fucking have to be away from people and stuff. That's real. The physically the body remembers fucking trauma and stuff like that. So the best way past all that shit, I don't know, I'm still trying to figure that out. But stay out of the past, God dammit. And stay outta the future. 'cause you can't do anything about it. All that fucking, like, think about this, all that like, oh my god, this is gonna happen and this happens and everything fucking goes wrong and I lose again and shit. Oh yeah. It's nightmare. You, it's, it's not true though. It's all fiction that you're just making up. You're gonna make some future shit up. 'cause that's what it is. It is. You don't know what's gonna happen. Flip the script and just fucking make up all happy fucking goofy ass, unbelievable shit.


Yeah. Least make up some good shit for yourself. Might as dude, it has as much likelihood as fucking happening. That's the truth. It ain't even fucking fantasy. It's like you are already not, not you, but the collective you, you are already living in fantasy. If you're like, no, only bad shit happens. You're already fucking weaving a fantastic fucking tale that is untrue. And it's based on no facts whatsoever. So If, you can do that. Just fucking change it to like, you know what Marvel calls me, all of a sudden I'm directing the next fucking Avengers movie. Yeah. It has just as much a chance of happening as the negative bullshit. So if we can't live in the past or shouldn't live in the past and it's unhealthy and we shouldn't live in the future, if passage, depression, the future anxiety, there's only one place to be. We have no choice. Be here in the present.


But so often we're not in the fucking present man. Nobody wants to be in this moment. They wanna be there. Everyone's headed to a place and then everyone's obsessing about where we've been kids, this is what they taught me in the nuthouse. I'm gonna save you a lot of fucking money and time and shit like that. Be here and now be mindful. Breathe the easiest way to do that. If your head's going crazy and you're in the fucking future and shit and you're worrying about some bad bullshit or if you're in the past worrying about some old fucking shit that happened, what you need to do is just this. It's crazy as shit. Free as fuck. Breathe. You go, Whew. Just breathe in and out five times. Deep breaths. And you know what it does, it grounds you. Do you know why? Because you cannot breathe in the past and you cannot breathe in the future.


You can only breathe in the here and now. So by breathing, you bring yourself back to the moment you pull yourself out of that fake future that you're fretting about, you pull yourself outta that horrendous past that you're still traumatized by and you're here now. And you could sit there and go like, well wait, is anything wrong? No, my body's reactance to some shit I was thinking about. 'cause the body stores trauma and I just did this to myself. I created this condition. You could pull yourself outta that. I'm not saying this is a cure for everything. Some people go through real shit. No, but when you're in your head, oh yeah, that ain't real shit. And you may have gone through real shit in your life, but when you're in your head fretting about it, you are making up a fucking fiction. You don't Recognize that future. Yeah. Because sometimes you don't even recognize it and You work yourself up.


Yeah. The body fucking dude. You can, I had a fucking heart attack and yes, I had a heart attack 'cause I had fucking packed, you know, LAD full of cholesterol and shit like that people could put themselves in. They say stress is the number one killer. Oh yeah. Get you to that hard. Stress will kill me. And stress is created by sitting around going like, oh fucking, what if it don't work out, man, it didn't ever work out. 'cause it never worked out in the past. Remember that fucking time you tried that thing and it didn't work. You're fucking asshole. That's, you gotta put that shit away. Flip the script and be like, I'm in the here and now. If. you can't do that. And you gotta be in the future. Just make up a better future. It has just as much a likelihood is coming true as the fake bullshit that you're fretting about and it's ruin Your life. At least be an author for your, the best for yourself. Make You can make it up, make up good shit.


Kevin Smith four 30 movie comes out September 13th and And my podcast with my kid and The smog cast network. Beardless No, it's on heart. iHeart Dickless, IHeart Network. Beardless dickless me. I I took all my shit behind a paywall years ago. All my podcasts and shit. So this is the first one I'm going out in the world and seeing like, what would it be like if I had infrastructure? and we get folks at iHeart we're like, do it here. So I was like, all right. So Beardless dickless me Funny. It's funny. I I just sit around and try to make her fucking laugh. I know some people are Ew, fuck you and your happy kid. No, I think it's, that's sweet. It is. It is kind. Sweet. Thank you man. Thanks for all the entertainment. Thanks for all the being your trying your best to be yourself through your medium and yeah, so many people have enjoyed so much your work over the years.


you know, like I not one of them. But I, I appreciate the Fact that, that it exists. We've all enjoyed your work over the years. Dude. Dude, you're gonna Be in that. Include other people, Bob, Movie people and like serious. Oh, like selling the weed. Well, I didn't say that. Don't start writing The part or shit, shit like that. I'll, I'll take care of that. No, but you gotta play Jay's brother. I'm telling you, you Jay's vibe is so similar. I guarantee you in the comments, kids in his comments, you be like, oh my God, fucking you and Jay. Like sometimes you ever watch a movie or TV show and they do like a familial pairing like a mother and daughter. You're like, that shit is fucking a hundred percent on. I put you next to Jay in a movie and you both talk a hundred percent. Wow. It's crazy. Your Jay's long lost brother crazy who just was raised in the south and shit. Yeah. Or your twang is from South Jersey. Yeah. I did that joke in the movie.


I'll do it again. A Lot of times people in Louisiana get, people get accused from being from New. Jersey, thank you so much, so much Kevin. Thank You for having man. Thank you for letting me talk as much as I did. And apologies to anybody who tuned in to listen to Theo talk. 'cause I feel like I did most of the talking. Dude, you know what's so funny is a blessing. I was kind of tired today and I'm grateful that you spoke a lot. Are you serious? Yeah. Fucking So that mean honestly, that's a hundred percent meaningful to me. Number one, that's fucking crazy real. And number two, I know what that means as a person who's done this a bunch of shit. It's just like he's coming in all right, like I, like him and he made clerks all right, but I ain't feeling up to it today. So the fact that I was on motor mouth and you were like, this works for me a hundred percent. Anytime you don't feel like working, you want me, I'll just sit here and talk the whole time.


And you can fucking sit there and be present in the moment and breathe. And sorry the AC wasn't working. The coldest thing in here. It wasn't, it wasn't the eight. The coldest thing in here is that Celsius cooler. Are you Kidding me? We had it open earlier. This Is the coldest and the coolest thing. Fucking in here. Actually. You're the coolest thing in here. Fucking Celsius. Cooler second Coolest. Well, you're cool too, man. Thanks. I did that. I said it just so you would say that back On Kevin Smith. I'm pull that shit putting on Instagram. THEO VON said I was cool. Thanks brother. Thanks. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh, but when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of mind.


I found I can feel it in my bones.