
Did you know that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry? And China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using mobster like tactics to crush American family farms and with the additives that they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about it? Let me tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of the American Family Farms and your family's food security mok. The business is simple. Mos meat comes from animals raised outdoors where a pig is free to be a pig. Hey buddy. Their farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford. So keep American Family Farms farming by joining the mok movement today at Moink Box dot com slash Theo. Sign up today and get free hot rolls in your first order. Spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ Theo. Mok oink. Get moked Moink Box dot com slash Theo.


Today's guest is a woman I've been intrigued with for a while. She is a neuroscientist, she's an author and she's an advisor who focuses on how to get peak mental performance. She wrote a bestselling book called The Source, which is all about things you can do to be your best self. She's a fascinating woman and I'm grateful for our chat. Today's guest is Dr. Tara Swart.


Just so you know, all this air conditioning and ice is really playing havoc with my throat. Really? Yeah. 'cause I'm not used to it, so I'm just Yeah, they don't have it in the UK, huh? No. Yeah, sometimes. you know, I wonder, you know, I find sometimes there'll be, I'll go on vacation and I'll stay in a place that doesn't have air con, you know? And it's kind of cool because at first I'm like, this sucks. But then like you feel a lot more connected to Nate. Like just the un, I don't know what it is. The Environment. Yes. Minimum. Yeah. You feel way more connected to the environment when you don't have air conditioning. You don't have all these kind of little comforts, you know?


'cause you're always kind of trying to balance everything for the perfect amount of comfort. That's what I feel like I'm trying to do these days. It's like I'm always trying to like, okay, the air conditioner, I'm, am I laying the right, like when I go to sleep specifically, it's like, am I laying the right way? Do I, it's like I have to have so many little things kind of perfectly lined up or everything's not gonna be okay. you know? But do you do that thing where you blast the air conditioning but you sleep under loads of blankets and, yeah. Why? I don't get that. Why not just have the bedding? That's correct. With the temperature that it naturally is. Yeah. I think 'cause people just go on rogue. People don't know how to just beat just, people are just crazy like that really.


They're really sleep a paths. I call 'em 'cause it's kind of crazy to Yeah, you're right. Like I'm gonna put it at 65 degrees and I'm gonna bundle up like, it's like I'm in Antarctica. Exactly. Yeah. And then the craziest stuff is sometimes you'll see like some people have like a rainforest, they have an eye mask on. It literally seems like they're being, it's kind of the same thing as If. you were being tortured in a country, like in a, you know, it's like they've got eye mass, there's like water dripping in the back. It just, you're like, this is, this is what they used to do to prisoners. It seems like, you know, Theo, I knew I was going to laugh with you, but I can't believe I've got the giggles like already. Do you really? Yeah. Oh, well dang.


I like I like an eye mask personally. 'cause I, I don't, can't tolerate any light when I'm sleeping. But when you said I have to be in the right position, do you actually know what the right position is? According to a neuroscientist Uhuh for sleeping and I'm here with neuroscientist Tara Swart. And you're that brain babe. Yeah. You're the lady that knows about the brain. I Am. Thank. Keep going and we're happy to hear about it today and we're happy to have you. Do I know the right position? No, I don't. I sleep okay. Yeah. Tell me how you sleep. Well, I sleep on well side I guess, and pillow between my legs holding a pillow and just kind of hoping for the best.


Usually. What do you, what is the, what do you suggest? So sleeping on your side is actually the best position, So, so sleeping on your side is good? Yeah. Okay. So left or right, probably when, so I like to connect everything back to evolution. So when we slept in the cave, we co-slept. So we huddled together for warmth and we probably slept on our left side to protect our heart and have our dominant hand ready for an attack. But now it doesn't matter which side, but a side is better than back or front. And the reason is that we are cleaning out our brain very actively overnight. And if your neck is stretched like this, then it helps the waste products to like get moved out through the g lymphatic and lymphatic systems and you know, excreted from your body.


Oh, nice. So yeah, so I'm doing okay. Yeah. No wonder you've got such a sharp wit. Yeah, maybe. you know, it used to be better. I used to, I had so much stress over the past few years that a lot of my wit has started has kind of dis has has eroded, to be honest with you, I feel like it, you know, I feel I, I just know it. I used, my brain used to have more fun and now it feels like it has more responsibility and so it doesn't have the ability to have as much fun, I guess. And some of that could be growing up, some of that could be actually having more responsibility. But I think there's just a lot of stress in the world. It feels like, especially here in the States. I feel like everybody's stressed out. Do you notice, is that something that you're noticing in you guys' field or is that even something that you guys look at?


So I changed career actually around the time of the global financial crisis. And I went from being a psychiatrist in the National Health Service in the UK to becoming a stress expert and advisor for very senior leadership people in financial services. At that time we were seeing a lot of high profile suicides and heart attacks that were caused by stress. Even If you weren't overweight or, you know, had high blood pressure or smoked or something like that. So that was a time where a former psychiatrist kind of could really find a niche in a, in a new career to help, you know, highly stressed people.


Then things seemed to sort of calm down a bit, but I think the new normal was just that we're kind of chronically stressed all the time. And then the pandemic happened. Yeah, so unprecedented levels of stress, health, anxiety, actual illness, and you know, potentially people dealing with death. So just took things to the next level and meant that all of us were more stressed than we should be all the time. And the brain is constantly monitoring out like our stress levels. There's a hormone called cortisol. Yeah. When that's high all the time, the body literally goes into survival mode and, and I just feel like that's how so many of us, if not all of us are at the moment.


Yeah, it feels like that. It feels like everybody's in survival mode. It feels like why are we like this right now? What's going on? Is it really happening that people are more stressed or is there just so much more awareness around it that we're also taking it on as like a placebo type of thing? I really don't agree with the latter because remember I've been a psychiatrist for seven years before I even started coaching in this field. So, you know, there were reasons for people to be stressed and asked to know about it for a long time. I think what's really changed at the start of the pandemic, I actually predicted this was gonna be a mental health crisis. I also said it could be an opportunity for some kind of spiritual revolution.


And I think that's happening for some people. People who are deep into that are really kind of getting a lot out of it. But for most people, the pandemic happened. We came out of it and we thought, okay, everything will just go back to normal. But actually everyone's social circle shrank. We are more lost, lonely, and disconnected than I think ever before in the history of humanity. I think the genders have become very polarized in a way that's not good for either gender. And I think that people are really struggling with what to do about that and often doing exactly the opposite of what they should be doing. So using your devices more when actually you should be connecting with people face-to-face more, for example, kind of also because of devices and you know, let's say dating apps for example.


Just using people as pieces of garbage that you can get through really quickly instead of forming actual deep, meaningful relationships that could nurture both parties. Well it makes sense. I mean, say if you're looking on Amazon and you see different items, you're like, I don't want this one, not this one, maybe this one, let me read up on it. Nah, yes. And then you are looking on the same thing and it's people, it would make sense that you start to treat them the same way in a way without even realizing it. Maybe, you know, especially because of that, you know, some of that phone access. What effects do we see when we're really stressed out that people may not notice? I had an experience years ago where I was extremely stressed.


Some people I couldn't even talk to some of my close friends just because of the volume or the speed they communicated at. I just, I was like, it's too, I just couldn't handle it. I was so burnt out and I thought though that I just wasn't working hard enough. Mm. That was my first thought. I was like, I gotta do better. I'm not doing well enough. And that just burnt me even more. What's the best way to recognize when you're somebody that's at the brink, kind of before you get there? I guess I always said that one of the most cruel aspects of any kind of mental health issue is that the first symptom is loss of insight. So that means that the first, the first thing that happens to you is you actually lose the clarity that something is going wrong.


So being aware is really important and sometimes this will come from your friends and family saying, Theo, what? What's going on? Like, you are working like a maniac and you don't really seem well. Or it could come from if you've had previous experiences, so maybe If you ever got into that place again. Now you might recognize it quicker because you've been through it before For Sure. And something like journaling can really help with that as well for you to kind of have a tangible thing that you can read saying, I'm not sleeping well and that's usually a sign that I'm getting burnt out or you know, I've, I've withdrawn from my social circle. So yeah. Some kind of reflection of yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Once you know what that is, I used to have in my journal a list of things to do when I'm stressed because I would find that when I get to the point of realizing that I'm stressed, I don't really have the higher mental functions of working my way out of it, but now I don't need to look at that list.


I kind of, and it's very simple things. Talk to a friend, have a square of dark chocolate, take a nap, go for a walk. you know, nothing kind of to extreme. So once you started doing those things a little bit, then it's obviously also important to address the, the cause of your stress. So if for you you, it was working excessive hours, then trying to do whatever you can to, you know, minimize that in the near future or If you possibly could like take a quick digital detox break over a long weekend or something, you might feel a lot better. Yeah. One of the things I learned is that if I just take two days of kind of, you know, drinking lemon water in the morning and just kind of, you know, slowing down and eating really clean, that it can make a big difference in just two days.


Hmm. If you say, you know, I can't take proper time off for two months, but I can do this two days. You might be able to reset yourself and I try to share a lot of information about resetting your nervous system. So there are two modes we can be in fright. Flight, fight or resting Is, is that three modes or no fright. Flight. Fight. That's one of them. That's one of the modes. That's one mode. Yeah. Okay. That's one mode has three parts. Yeah. It's like, you know, you get a shark, you want to run away or you have to attack a predator kind of thing. And the other mode is rest and digest. And that's the nice feeling you get after you've had a nice meal and you just feel a bit lazy and really calm. And so we want to be in, in the rest and digest mode more of the time.


But we tend to find that we are hypervigilant, like looking out for the next threat. And actually If you are willing to share, I, I have some research to share about the way that you grew up. Yeah. In that kind of environment. So there's a lot of breathing exercises that you can do to move yourself into the restful state. For me, things like going for a long walk in nature really helps me to, to get into that state. So people have to identify what it is that for you can reset your nervous system really quickly, But it's up to you, it's up to us. Right. It's like I think sometimes we're all looking for something to fix us or a certain medicine or a certain tea or a certain, you know, we're looking for something to get the job done for us. But in the end you really have to take control of it.


Yeah. I mean you mentioned medication and I didn't even respond to that because to me that's the absolute last resort. But I think culturally the UK and the US are a little bit, you know, different on that. Oh yeah. We're pretty peeled up every here. We're like our pills, you know? Yeah, Yeah. And I did, I did actually bring you a little tea that's a kind of like calming, nurturing one. So you know, there's nothing wrong with that. Yeah. You Brought me this nice gift actually, very sweetie. I saw this store, I was walking in London and I saw it. It's called Fortnam and Mason. It was real fancy in there. But yeah, they got some nice tea right here. Rhapsody Botanical Infusion. This looks nice baby. This little canister. Oh, it's a girl. Yeah, it looks nice.


This is very sweet of you. Thank you. You are Welcome. I'm gonna remember to calm down and have me, some of this Is this for calming down Good. I need it. It's hard. Yeah. It's hard to calm down. It's hard to calm down when you feel like, well there's also this feeling these days, like you're, you have to fend for yourself. I think that's a big feeling of a lot of stress right now is like everybody kind of feels that in America, some of the fabric of our society has started to kind of disappear. It's like a lot of things that we felt like people used to feel a sense of purpose from our country and we're not feeling that now. And so immediately that kind of like gets very scary. you know?


'cause then you're like, well, what do I belong to? And the closest thing you find is yourself or your family. And so those are the things you really start to lock in on, you know? Yeah. I mean, I, there's two things I want to say here. Let's, I'll start with myself and then come to you. I have worked very hard to create a large community of people around me that I really trust, that make me, that make me feel safe. Although, you know, I agree that safety and peace and freedom have to come from yourself, but you also create the narrative that you have about the world through your experiences and your perception of the world ever since you were a child. But there's AdChoices as an adult that you can make to change some of that.


So I put things into place that I can see every day in my life that make me feel like the world is a safe place where I can take some risks and I can trust, and that could make my life better. But I can completely understand why If, you haven't worked on that for decades and maybe you don't know about things like neuroplasticity, which we can come onto, you know, how you can change the pathways in your brain that it's very easy to default to the world is not a safe place. You know, I'm not safe. I I can't trust anyone. I have to be careful. And this particularly came up for me when I was looking into some research and, and you shared with me that, well, I won't put words into your mouth.


I asked you to identify the first age at which you experienced some kind of neglect or abuse or trauma in childhood. Yeah. Would you like to share what you said? Yeah, for sure. I, I talk about this sometimes on here and I don't want to beat a dead horse, but this is an environment where it's, it's like helpful to share about that kind of stuff. Yeah. My mother had like a condition, I think where she couldn't, she had like this kind of almost, I say like it's an emotional autism in a way, but she didn't know if there was something wrong with you. Yeah. My mother didn't really build like a connection with me when I was young. She didn't really look at me. She didn't touch me very much and she couldn't tell if there was something wrong with me. So if I was sitting till more crying, she didn't, she didn't understand there was something wrong.


Or if I looked scared, she didn't understand there was something wrong. Now, if I had a cut on my arm, she immediately could be like, oh, how can I, what's going on here? Yeah. 'cause it was very ob I dunno if it was obvious or it was, It's tangible. It's Physical. It was tangible. Yeah. Yeah. But anything that was intangible, like emotional, there was just no, there was nothing there, you know? And so I think, yeah, when I grew up, it was just like that a lot. And so I was constantly in fight or flight probably. Yeah. And I, I know that you, you want to like heal and move on and not flog a dead horse, but I really feel like I can bring some new information to you that could really help you. Great. No, it's good. So there's a psychological sort of construct called psychosocial stages of childhood development.


Now, Freud first described this and basically said, you know, if, whether it's from zero to two or two to five or five to seven, whenever you feel like the first, you know, separation from your parents or illness or something happened, there's a rewiring of that child's brain. And Freud said, the outcome is always bad. So there's something goes wrong. you know, you, you suffered neglect or trauma, this is what's gonna be wrong with you. But Erickson came along later and said that it could be a vice or a virtue. So something could go wrong. And obviously a lot of people end up, you know, in with substance abuse or criminality and things like that. But If, you are lucky. If, you have, you know, one supportive adult in your life or you, you as a child make some kind of amazing intuitive choice.


Then you can go down the other path. Now for you having experienced this from zero to 18 months, which is the first stage, and then on it's the vice and virtue are mistrust and trust. So If, you go down the road of mistrust. It's having feeling unsafe in your environment and having fear of future events. But it's also possible that you could have gone down the road of feeling safe in your environment and hopeful for future events. And the piece I really loved, which is connected to the gift. So after you shared that with me before I flew, I never, ever take a gift to someone if I'm going to do a podcast.


And I also think it's a little, maybe a slightly strange thing to do, but I just had this feeling in my heart, like, I really want to get him a gift. And obviously that shelf is like very English. So that made sense. But I walked around the entire store and I looked at every tea and it has like teas and jams and cookies and stuff. And I finally found that one and picked it. And then I did further research into Erickson. and he basically said that the way for you to heal is through nourishment and affection. Hmm. And that was exactly why I chose the gift that I chose for you. So obviously my like neuroscience experience kind of brought me to an intuitive answer. But it's also said that If, you do the right work and you're still in the window of opportunity.


It's sort of in your forties, you know, midlife is actually a big opportunity to rewire your brain in a really healthy way. Then what the outcome that you could have would be a really positive experience of interdependence and relatedness. Well, thank you. It's very sweet of you. And it's nice to have, and we'll make sure to keep it in here so we can remember that too. And our, and our listeners and viewers can look at it and remember that too, that, yeah, that there's a way to move forward, right? That's the biggest thing because yeah, at a certain point you kind of get tired. There's part of you that gets tired of using the past as a crutch, kind of, there's a part of you that still is in some pain from it, and then there's a part of you that slowly comes along that you know, that really wants to move forward.


Yeah. you know, and that part starts to grow. I've noticed that part grow in me more, especially in the past year. So I'm grateful for that. I never really thought that, that that would kind of happen. But is there a way that people can choose the perspective that they want? If they want to choose mistrust or trust now that they're an adult, you know? Yeah. So interestingly, Carl Young, another psychologist also said that 42 to 44 is the sort of corridor of age where we go from not being our best selves to the ability to choose. And I think you are in that age gap. Yeah, I'm in there. Yeah. Yeah. And you said in the last year it happened. So unless people have some kind of crisis, like a divorce at the age of 35 or something, then people don't usually come to this point of like, do I choose trust or mistrust until na naturally until about 42 to 44.


Hmm. And so first of all, obviously you have to know that, that there are these options. So if people Google Erickson's stages of psychosocial development. Yeah. So basically trust versus mistrust is the first one that was you. A lot of my CEO clients are in the industry versus inferiority one, which is age five to seven usually. And is that like the, you always hear a lot about you. You don't think you're good enough or whatever. Yeah. Imposter syndrome. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You always hear about that. Imposter syndrome. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? That's a good question. It's a real question. It has in mind. It has, at certain periods in my life, watching porno and everything and watching porno was making me, it was ruining my life. It was ruining my life, man. It made me feel just so much shame. That's what it did. When watching pornography has become commonplace today. And oftentimes men will use porno to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety, and depression. That's all I want to introduce you to my friend Steven Walt. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery. He is a dear friend of mine. He is a dear friend of mine. And Valor Recovery is a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. That's right. Their coaches are in long-term recovery, and they will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend problematic behaviors. There is zero commitment, If, you reach out to them. It's just the first step in trying to figure out If. you may need some help If, you can get some help. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at Valor Recovery coaching.com or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. The links will be on the YouTube. And again, there's no commit when you commitment, when you reach out to them. But I promise you only something positive will come from you reaching out and figuring out if, if what type of help, if any, could benefit you. Thank you.


How do we adjust our perspective? Is it, is it that possible that we can adjust our perspective now? Yeah. So there's this amazing thing called neuroplasticity. When I was still at medical school, we didn't have sophisticated scanning techniques, you know, for brains or bodies. So we had kind of like X-rays and Oh yeah. And just asking people guessing. Yeah. Kind of, you know, and, and like guess neurology, a lot of guessing because if someone had a brain tumor, but, and, but you knew where it was roughly, then you would say, oh, now we know which part of the brain you use for like writing. Or, it was a lot of guesswork in neurology, particularly once we could scan brains, we could see how healthy brains are working.


So what's happening when you are experiencing an emotion or you're recalling a memory, or you're making a decision, or you know, being really funny, you know, we can see what's going on in the brain, which parts of the brain are interacting with each other. you know, which systems are getting a lot of blood flow. And so we also then found out that, 'cause we used to think that by the time you stopped physically growing, like age 18, that your brain became completely fixed. Your personality, your iq, et cetera. We now know that the brain actively grows and changes till we're about 25. Hmm. So, If, you think of a newborn baby, it's, it can't do anything. And within 18 months It's ridiculous. Really.


If, you look at 'em and be like, this is ridiculous. you know, like you would never draft one on your fantasy team or whatever, you know, they just, it's bad. But anyway, go on. I mean, I like what God does, but some of that is the starting point is very far, you know, it's, you're off, you're far off the line it feels like. But it's, isn't it incredible what happens within 18 months? Yeah, it really is. So, you know, then they're like walking, they can control their own bladder and bowels. They can speak up to five languages if they've been exposed to, you know, different languages in the first few years of their life. So that's, that's the biggest example of neuroplasticity. That change is, is incredible as you've just said. And then in teenage, there's quite a lot of change.


you know, the brain becomes a bit more sophisticated for adulthood. And then this process is going on really actively till we're about 25. And then from 25 to sort of 70 ish, you have to put in more effort to get your brain to change, to, to get your brain to keep learning and growing. But it's absolutely possible. And for some people it's okay to plateau. you know, If, you get a job that you love and you want to do that for the rest of your life. And you married your high school sweetheart and nothing really needs to change, that's fine too. Yeah. But you know, for a lot of us, this opportunity to think that you can really change your personality, your career, your community, your resilience throughout your life is, is like a beacon of hope.


So, yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. Because you start to think, oh, it's too late. you know? And, but you're saying it's not no. Wonderful. So once you know about, and also like, I'm doing that thing about saying, so the whole time, which I gotta stop doing. Do people say it a lot? Yeah. Who does? Americans, I was, well, an American producer told me that everybody does. It Says so. Yeah. I don't know if we do, we might, I don't know. I don't know that much. But anyway, I, yeah, I'm hopeful that you know what you're talking about because I don't, you know, If you know about neuroplasticity that, and that means you know, that you have some options to change the way that you behave in the outside world, or your thought patterns and your beliefs about Yourself.


Right. So you're saying there's still a lot of hope, there's still a lot of hope for people from 20 to 75. There's still a, it's, yeah. It, it, it shouldn't be something, anything you feel hopeless about your brain, you can still, and that's the main thing you gotta change. Yeah. And you might be able to identify what that is for yourself. But I think this Erickson stages is a really helpful one. 'cause people can go and look up the age that they were when they first felt abandoned or neglected, and then work out what their particular issue is and work on that. But if I was doing a, a proper session with you, you know, like I do with with people, I would ask you what is the repeated negative thought that you have about yourself? I don't know if it's a thought, but it feels like a belief and it just feels like I have to do something to be worth something.


That's the biggest one. I think that was always there. Like, whatever I do isn't enough. you know, this isn't good enough. You're not enough. Yeah. you know, that was like a deep one. And it's, it's not even something, I think it's just something that, it's almost like a magnet that's inside of me, you know? And it, it brings my other thoughts down to it a lot of times. So you, You've kind of said the thought and the belief, which, which often what I have to do with people is dig under the thought to actually find out what the belief is that's driving that thought. And then I help people to create an affirmation that's the opposite of that belief. Yeah. 'cause sometimes it's like, the thought will be, man, this isn't good enough.


And it goes back to the belief that, you know, I would always set my goals ridiculous. So always I felt like I was underachieving always. Because I had, I didn't even know what my goals were, but I just knew that I needed to get my mother's attention. I needed to get some feeling, I needed to get some response. Right. And I would try everything. And so, and nothing worked. And so I think it may, it created this thing inside of me where you always have to keep trying. So there's never a piece. You have to keep trying and it's always never gonna work. Yeah. Everything you do will never be enough. Yes. Yeah. Just to even get that minimal piece of attention from your primary caregiver.


Yeah. Yeah. Everything I do will never be enough. And so it started to it then that kind of went through my life, I guess, you know? So Have you heard of a part of the brain called the amygdala? Yeah. So this is where all our basic emotions come from. Like caveman stuff, huh? Yeah. Yeah. And there's that movie, I think it's called Free Solo, about the guy who climbs like a crazy vertical cliff face in Yosemite. Oh yeah. That guy's really interesting. Have you seen his brain scan? No. Okay. So they found out that basically he doesn't really have an amygdala or any activity in his amygdala. So he can't feel fear. And that's why he'll do things that you and I would be like, I'm not gonna do that. 'cause I'm gonna die if I do that.


Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah, my buddy Jeff was like that. He would always, yeah, he would just burn a lot of shit in his house and stuff. And like, and he, he was just, he was an idiot, but, oh wow. This is that guy's brain scan. This is so cool that you do this, by the way. Yeah. It's neat to be able to see things, you know? Wow. So he doesn't have a fear. So some people have less fear than other people. So fear is our, actually our most basic emotion. And in, and in this movie, in this documentary, they showed that the reason he could do these crazy things was 'cause he wasn't experiencing fear. But in similar research, we see that female primates who have damage, physical damage to their amygdala will neglect or even physically abuse their babies.


Hmm. So what's becoming interesting now is that this psychological stuff, like you say, oh, I think my mom had some form of emotional autism. It's becoming much more aligned to physiological stuff. So kind of now we say anything biological probably has a psychological element. And anything psychological, you know, may be un underpinned by some kind of neurological issue. So, you know, it is perhaps too late to investigate that. But it just makes the point that there are so many reasons she could have been like that. And none of them are actually to do with you. Right? Yeah. Because as a youth, you think it's your, yeah. When you're, of course, when you're a baby or a kid, you, everything the world revolves around you. So if the world isn't giving you any, a lot of stuff back then, you think it's your fault.


you know? And so that's where you create ideas like, oh, I'm not enough. Nothing I ever do will be enough. you know? Yeah. And how do you think this has played out in your relationships with women throughout your life? It's been tough. I think, you know, it's been tough. I remember I would be like, I didn't know how long to look at a girl when you, when you looked at 'em. you know, I, I didn't, I would get super nervous. I remember like in my twenties, if there was like intimacy or something, you know, I got super, it made me super nervous. I always felt nervous. It gave me like, yeah, sexual problems. 'cause just the mis like I think, just not knowing how to be around somebody.


Those types of things. For sure. And then I think fear, like I put woman on a pedestal a lot of times. you know, it was like if they were always kind of unattainable in a way inside of me, you know, I was like, oh, I, I'm not gonna get a girl that I want. I'm just gonna get a girl that, you know, I hope the best that a girl will want me. Right. So that was kind of maybe some of my, some thought patterns. Those aren't all the things that I have today. you know, some of that is certainly eroded and I've learned a lot over the years and stuff. But those are some of the things I think, if that's what you're asking about.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it makes sense because it's basically a mirror of, you know, no matter what I did, I couldn't get my mom's attention. So women must be so far away, I won't be able to get their attention. Yeah. And then if one did, I would like kind of, I would be overbearing kind of sometimes, you know, I just, you learn all that kind of stuff the hard way. Then you're like, you know, if a girl looks at you one time, or even like, you know, even if she's just taking her garbage out or whatever, and you're hiding in the bushes or whatever. But even if she looks over, you're like, damn, this might be something real. you know, I would fantasize, like before I'd even, I would adjust kind of my plans. Like, I'm gonna go outta town. But then I'd seen this girl, I was like, maybe I'll stay in town a few extra days.


Maybe I'll see this girl again. Just like very, you know, kind of, I kind of based a lot of my life around the hope that I, that there would be some connection, you know? So that kind of stuff I think wasn't very healthy. And then when I did get a connection with a woman, I couldn't, it, I couldn't do, it was too much kind of, yeah. It was very hard to, to lock in on a relationship. I'd always found myself cheating, that sort of thing, you know? Have you heard about this hormone called oxytocin? Yeah. Yeah. So actually the way that we build the emotional architecture in our brains is through eye contact with our mom.


So you didn't have that. Yeah. And you also didn't get physical affection, which, you know, your mother holding you or kind of, you know, cuddling. You would induce oxytocin and that would help to build healthy neural architecture in your emotional system. Yeah. So, you know, you didn't, you didn't have that. So, No, the arc, the architecture was very limited. It was, luckily it was a damn, you know, it was more of a hardee's. I felt like that somebody had built a Tim Horton's inside of me. It was very, yeah, it was just a, you know, it was just like more of a kebab shack, you know, than it was like a real fixture of love. It felt like, you know, I was gonna say, I don't know what Tim Horton's is. Didn't, so I couldn't laugh about that. It's just kind of like a drive through establishment. Okay.


you know? Yeah. It wasn't a real place of like, you know, there wasn't a ton of value like in the architecture, I don't think. But, and in your life now, whether it's through friends, family, pets, you know, sometimes even things like bathing or getting a massage, how much physical affection do you get? Well, it's weird 'cause I kind of created a life that's kind of isolating sometimes because I think that's maybe what I was used to. And then, but now it's gotten better. I go do, get more massages. I find myself, I am able to lock in a little bit more on communication with women. I may, I feel more confident.


you know, I've, I've been like doing therapy for a long time. I did some ayahuasca seminars, things like that. So plant medicine. So there's been things that I think have helped me, you know? Okay. So for people who are lonely, 'cause I think this is a, you know, an issue as well at the moment. Bathing instead of showering actually gives you oxytocin because you're enveloped in warmth. It's kind of like a hug. So that's one thing that people can do. Oh yeah. When you get out of a warm bath, you're just like, oh man, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You almost feel like a baby, kinda. Do you think this is the reason that you sleep with the air conditioning on so high and so that you're wrapped up in lots of Blankets? It could be. Oh, I noticed if I don't tuck the blanket under my feet, then it's very hard for me to sleep.


So I'm still, yeah, I'm definitely a very tall baby, I think, you know? Yeah, I think so. So that's okay. I have to remember that sometimes, you know? Yeah. I mean, I'm in like, recovery programs and they're always like, we're all babies. We're just retarded or not. Or I don't know if they, people say like, but that we're like not doing, we're just babies that are having a tough time. you know, like If, you saw a baby smoking or drinking a coffee, he'd be like, God, this baby Isn't a bad way. He isn't doing well. Yeah. The baby was taking like prope or something. Like, God, this baby needs some help, Needs some help. So, So yeah, I'm one of those babies, but I'm getting better. I feel like I'm a kind of a, I, I'm like, now I'm like a camp counselor of the babies, you know?


I'm not as much, you know, I'm still kind of a baby, but I'm, I'm evolving out of it pretty quick. I, I hope So. Another tip for you, I'm pleased to hear that you're having massages and therapy. Yeah. But I find that there's a place that talking therapy can't go beyond, and that is trauma that is stored in the body that you are not even consciously aware of. Have you heard of that book? The Body Keeps the Score? Yeah. So it was written in the seventies, but it's back in the bestseller list, which is making me feel hopeful that more people are realizing that since the pandemic, that we've got trauma stored in our bodies. So I've actually recently been doing some somatic therapy called Body Realignment. And it seemed to be for me, surfacing emotions that I perhaps don't allow myself to in talking therapy or in regular life.


I think there are some emotions, for example, anger, that it's quite still socially unacceptable for women to express. That's a good point. Yeah. Women aren't allowed to get super angry. I guess When I did boxing, I actually like, felt like I released a lot of anger as well. That that, you know, it's I can only do that physically, whether it's through a sport or this kind of, you know, body thing. And I think for men it might be things more like sadness, that, that it's not socially acceptable to express as much. Yeah, probably. So I think a little bit, even though it's more now, I think people are kind of, now everything's a little bit more free. What type of trauma get really can get held in our bodies?


Oh, all sorts. So that phrase psychosomatic is that all the various emotions that we can feel can end up be showing op physical symptoms in our body. And that can be actual illness, but also it can just be aches and pains. For me it's like tense shoulders and just aches and pains and, but when I actually had the body realignment therapy, there were parts of my body that I wouldn't even think, like, kind of like the size of my ribs and things that was so painful. And the therapists, they know which parts of your body can, you know, certain emotions get stored in. So I think for that one, you really have to find someone that can guide you through that. And, and, but the point I, you know, another point that I really wanted to make is we talk a lot about trauma and like, you know, like you set such a great example to people of don't just keep focusing on the trauma and be a victim.


I actually think we have as much access to generational healing as we do to generational trauma. So, you know, horrific things have happened in the past, like the Holocaust, apartheid, slavery, the treatment of the First Americans. Yeah. France winning the World Cup as well. Some people would say that was Bad. That was pretty, oh Yeah. Will it affect people for generations into the future? I think some people It will. Yeah. Yeah, Totally. Some people it will. But what were you gonna say? Sorry. So I was gonna say that we can also get access to ancestral or ancient wisdom. And if, if we put that together with the somatic stuff, think about what our ancestors did when they didn't really have resources spare to have fun.


Right. But they danced, they drummed, they chanted, they hummed, they sang, they painted. These physical activities are actually really good for us, can and can help us to release some of that stored trauma. So I'd love people to go away with that message that yes, you might have stored trauma that talking therapy hasn't completely got rid of, but there are things that you can do at home. You don't have to pay for a massage. You can, you can do self massage, you can take a bath, you can dance around your living room. And all of these things could also help you to release that kind of trauma. Yeah. Yeah. I've noticed how there will be times where I've done yoga and a certain thing and then I'll lay down after it and tears will come outta my face. Really?


And it's just pain, something being released. Sometimes a memory or something might be with it or a feeling, but it's, it's, yeah, it's pretty amazing that that kind of thing can happen in Yoga, hip opening particularly releases a lot of emotions. Yeah. So again, people can google some, some of the like hip opening poses and you're supposed to stay in them for longer, like five minutes. And if it produces tears, then it's definitely helping release trauma. Yeah. I feel like we've kind of been all over the place right now. I want to talk. So let's go through a couple things. So I wanna know, like, does stress affect men and women the same? This is a really interesting one. So there are different forms of stress. One is called adaptive stress and it's actually a very healthy response to a short term stressor, like a deadline or a podcast interview or something.


And then there's the chronic stress, which is bad for us 'cause it starts to erode our immunity. It causes a lot of inflammation throughout the body. But the differences between men and women aren't with regard to those. It's with regard to how we respond to being in either of those situations. So men and all of this is based on population norm studies. So it's most men and most women, but not understood, men are very good at reacting to a crisis and you know, releasing all of that cortisol and adrenaline and fighting off the monster or whatever it is. But they have to rest afterwards. Women can actually find ways to recoup resilience during long periods of stress.


So they'll still be dealing with the stressful thing, but at times they'll find, you know, whether it's speaking with a girlfriend or taking a bath or you know, going for a walk in nature, they find ways to keep their resources topped up so they don't have that crash that like more men tend to have. I wonder sometimes if a lot of like, 'cause we have so many, everybody feels so stressed out and it seems like it's such a thing, you know, I wonder sometimes I think like it used to be, we had to literally like be weary of like a lying attacking us. you know, it was like really fight or flight. Like it was, but now that's not the case. Right. But I wonder, I wonder if that, that thing that was worried about everything out here just started to go inside of us because there wasn't anything else out here to fight really.


Yeah, absolutely. The biggest threats to our safety now are psychological threats. So things like your partner leaving you, you losing your job, your friends not liking you anymore. Yeah. The fears started to become internal as opposed to external. And I wonder if we're partially just in a phase of that, you know, like we're evol, you know, it's almost like an evolution because Yeah. The lions now are, are the fears inside of us, like you're saying, our partner leaving us or us losing a, our ability to feed our families or a goal that we have not working out or something losing a job. Yeah. Yeah. The things that you need to kind of keep your basic life on, on the road that it's on, you know, and not lose the things that make you feel psychologically safe.


Are you less stressful if you're in a relationship? Does relationships or like love having somebody, a family, does that affect stress at all? It depends what kind of relationship, right? So yeah, good point. Yeah. If it's an interdependent trusting relationship where, you know, both parties in are in it for the long term, then that inevitably will reduce your stress levels. But I mean, what I'm seeing a lot of at the moment actually is as women, we tend to be having the same conversations that, you know, whether, whether you're in your twenties, thirties, forties, whatever, of kind of, you know, want to find a nice man and settle down. But just feeling like that desire for commitment isn't the same as it was.


you know, basically since there have been apps and stuff like that. But I've actually got some really close male friends and they've been confiding in me recently that a, they don't really talk to each other about deep things like they do with me and that some of them have no one to confide in. Wow. And, you know, love lovely guys who I think would make, you know, nice husbands for some of my friends, but have been so broken by toxic relationships that they've been in that they now just want non-committal casual relationships. And this is where the problem starts, is where a guy says, let's say it was you and I and you say, Tara, look, I've had all these issues I've just told you about my upbringing, mommy issues, et cetera.


I can't commit to you, but you know, we can hang out. But if I'm thinking, well, you know, I'd like to marry you, so I'm gonna hang out with you in the hope that you'll get to know me and like me and change your mind. That happens so much. And then it leads to issues obviously for both parties. Yeah. When it doesn't work out. So that's an incredibly stressful place to be in no matter what gender you are. And the outcome only reinforces for both that you're not worthy of love. Hmm. Yeah. How does it reinforce that? So for the, for the woman, particularly if they're actually being intimate, she will be experiencing a lot of oxytocin.


Basically that happens through cuddling and physical intimacy, but like off the scale when you orgasm, okay. So she'll be getting more and more bonded to the guy. If the guy has, you know, has no intentions of this becoming a committed relationship, then he'll be experiencing a lot of reward, like the dopamine, the reward chemical, lots of testosterone. And there's also this hormone called vasopressin, which in, in both genders is to do with our blood volume and our blood salt. But for men it's also to do with bonding, social bonding and aggression, but aggression in terms of protecting and being possessive of your partner. Hmm. And so if men don't get to have sex straight away, that hormone will build and build and build and then they'll become bonded to the woman.


And then they'll also start releasing oxytocin when they orgasm. So there's better value in creating a relationship. If, you don't have sex immediately, It, it will work better for the woman in terms of chances of the man bonding with her. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I feel like it. And sometimes I romanticize the past and it feels like that used to be more of the thing, you know, like people would wait till marriage for sex. So it cre you know, that had a lot more value to it. Like Yeah, I think sex and intimacy's kind of like was, I dunno, for a lot of guys it got replaced by pornography too. I think really damaged it. Especially for me, you know, once I, once I found pornography, there was a like a way to have a feeling, a connection with a woman that was safe enough for me to be in.


Yeah. I knew it wasn't, I wasn't gonna be hurt. Yeah. There was some sexual reward to it. Yeah. And I could start it and stop it as I wish. And it was the only kind of relationship I could even really handle kind of when I was in other relationships. But those weren't, none of 'em were as long as my relationship with pornography, you know, to be honest. Yeah. Yeah. And now, right now I'm like, se I think I'm 70, 70 days off of pornography and 70 days off of masturbation. So I've had sexual activities, but I haven't been, you know, touching my wiener or whatever. People just say different stuff, but you know what I'm saying, like I, don't dunno what they say in your country, you know, topping off the Wanking, the Yeah, okay.


Waning, whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thinking of the queen or whatever they say, you know, I don't know what they say Queen takes rook or whatever, that's like a chess move. But yeah. So that's been kind of different, you know, for me that's been different. But that was a, that was a huge thing. How is It different? Well, for one, I st I quit thinking about it. It's like, I don't think about pornography. I don't think about like masturbation. I don't have that weird feeling where like, I'll masturbate and then I'll just be laying there. Like, I'm still right where I was, but I've like kind of ejaculated or whatever because like sometimes like, like semen or some people call it whatever, I don't know what people call it or whatever, like party sauce or whatever.


I don't even know if people call it, you know, on the street or whatever. But like I feel like the more I keep it in my body, the more masculine I feel right. And the more of myself I feel as opposed to just having a leak of it constantly. you know, it was kind of like I almost had a leak of my masculinity and I would cause the leak, but the leak would happen and it was just like a dripping pipe. It was like, you look at a dripping pipe, you're like, ah, you know, but you look at a pipe that's not dripping, you're like, Hey, this is some pretty good construction Every year. I like that. I love that phrase leak of my masculinity. So That's kind of what it felt like, you know, now that I really think about it. And then I start to look at women a little bit. I don't think of it just as much in, in, in, I've always thought of women in more than just a sexual sense, but the sexual part isn't as strong.


It's not like, let me just think about sex. It's given me a little bit more space in myself to be like, well, let me think about who this person is and do I really want to engage with them? It starts to give a little bit more value to sex for me. And by do, by by that happening, intimacy is kind of created because for one, I have a little more intimacy with myself. Right? It's like I respect my intimacy a little bit more. I'm not just masturbating. I'm not just like, you know, tossing my intimacy off to some person through a screen or something that's, doesn't really mean anything to me. Yeah. And so I think those are some feelings in my head that start to to to happen.


And in my, I start to feel a little bit more, I dunno if it's integrity, but it is a little bit more sense of intimacy with myself. That's lovely. So one of the reasons that people resort to things like that, particularly after a breakup, is that the brain circuitry, that is to do with unrequited love, is relieved by certain activities because they cause the same kind of chemical cocktail. And those activities are things like alcohol, cocaine, pornography. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Well, it make, makes it make sense. Right? This is why people, those in in those those things. Yeah. Yeah. And obviously they're, they're addictive.


So then it becomes something that you need to do more of to get the same reward. Right. And that becomes your relationship. Yeah. Yeah. And so then it's like, well, yeah, of course other relationships are gonna be different 'cause I don't even realize the relationships that I've put in front of relationships. And the other thing is that pornography relationships creates such an unrealistic, idealized version of what a woman should look like, And, what she should be prepared to do in an intimate relationship. Or, or even not in an intimate relationship, you know, like in a one night stand or very early in a, in dating that, that's very damaging to male and female relationships as well. That you know, the expectation that you will naturally have if you've been looking at that every day. Yeah.


Oh yeah. And to not have it in my brain, and it starts to, my, my imagination starts to start up again. Like, that's one thing that's disappeared over the years, I feel like is our imagination, because we have access at anything you wanna see. You wanna see two gay guys attack a squirrel or whatever in a marina or whatever. Yeah. But you can google it right now and it'll, you'll find it like anything you want find out there, you can. It's like we don't need our imagination. and we used to have to imagine things, you know? Yeah, yeah. you know? Yeah. Yeah. And so that, like, now my imagination starts to start up again, you know, because Yeah. I'm not attaching porn to women. I meet now, you know, and there Yeah, right there.


Squirrel attacks, twink right there. That is. Yeah. And I don't know, we were, and that might have been the rebuttal, who I, who knows where the first attack started, but, but yeah. So that's something that's been really neat just on this recently that I've been doing and really seeing some reward from it. And you know what's so crazy? For years I tried like different, like blockers on computers and stuff. And I got started with this kind of recovery coach, and he just said, why don't you text me at night? and he said, tell me something that felt good during your days. Tell me something you felt like maybe you could have done a little bit differently.


And then tell me how long you've been off of porn and how long you've been off of masturbation. That's for some reason, that's all it took. And, and it's just been so easy. Well, it's accountability. Maybe that's it. Yeah. It's like accountability with somebody that I trust or Yeah. That I trust and, and that You respect because you'll feel like you've let them down. If, you can't give, you know, send those messages. That's a good point. Yeah. It's funny. I didn't feel that as much, but I did. I just felt, I was shocked at how easy it started to help me, you know? So that's been, that's one thing that's really, that's been really nice. Do couples, what is the chemistry that happens in the brain?


If you're in a, like if you've created a, you're in a comfortable relationship or you're, you mentioned earlier that like, families have better chemistry if they sleep together. Did, you say something like that. Or sleeping under one roof. you know, like a lot of my Mexican friends are always so happy and most of their families live together. Intergenerational, yeah. Oh, they sleep on each other's backs. Sometimes they just, you know, they're really close knit. Yeah. Yeah. What is, is there, is there scientific evidence to back any of that up? Yeah. Lots. And the research was done on prairie, voles Prairie, like little animals. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So Prairie up one prairie dog, Prairie vol, not dog Prairie Vol.


They call 'em. Y'all make everything fancy. We know what they are. It's Not a dog. It's like a little mouse thing. Oh, it is? Well, Let's see who's right. See? Oh, prairie vol. I've never seen that. Oh dang. That's dementia. Yeah. Wow. Is that a, oh, that almost looks like a little bit of a hamster or something. A little GLE Girl. Yeah. You don't have 'em. You got 'em. Jeal. Oh, we, it is pronounced, I guess that maybe the, the J is silent or whatever. Not j That GLE baby. Look at this. Those are a couple. Oh, I'll make slippers out of them. Bad boys. I'll make a newborn. A set of slippers with them little warm them little chunks of warmth.


Those Are beautiful. Make them make your slippers out of the marsh. Vols, because they are promiscuous. These ones are monogamous. They mate for life. Oh they do? Oh, that's beautiful. And so they studied them and they found out that these are healthier animals. Is that what you're gonna tell me? That's a little bit oversimplified. Okay. I would say that the research, so basically that they're the same kind of vol, but some of them live in the prairie and some of them live in the marsh. Okay. And in the marsh there's plenty of food and shelter. So, you know, why not have sex with lots of other she sheils? 'cause you can, It's party. And it's like being in the city Yeah. In the prairie to make sure that you are young would survive.


It's more advantageous for you to settle down with one Mrs Vol and protect the children, protect the territory, and share the job of finding food for them. So what happens in the prairie evils compared to the marshals is that certain receptors, so for some of the hormones we discussed, like oxytocin and vasopressin and dopamine. So if we were prairie evils rather than marshals, and you would get a dopamine hit every time you saw me. Okay. You would choose me over a different vol. It's not like a new strange vol. You'd say, no, I'd rather stay with my V. And you'd have higher levels of vasopressin and oxytocin. And we'd both have more receptors in the reward centers of the brain for those hormones.


So we would just feel so good every time we see each other. If we saw the other one in distress, we would want to comfort them. How, why did they create more receptors? We don't know. We don't know why. It's not just that you have more of the hormone, but you have more of the receptors in certain parts of the brain. It's just, it's part of the bonding kind of like increases the bonding. The fact that you've got more of the hormone and more of the receptors and it's in the reward part of the brain. But actually it's not just like, if we just hung out together and looked after the babies and fed them and saw each other frequently, that would happen. But sexual activity actually intensifies the wiring. So it's kind of like the genetics and the receptors load the gun, but actually having sex pulls the trigger.


Interesting. Well, so, so that's why you see, if it's a, if it's a healthy family, then that's why people want to be in a healthy family. 'cause it feels good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the co-sleeping is a different thing. That's oxytocin. Co-sleeping. Yeah. Which is like sleeping together. Like you two and the kids, Are you more, is that, are those people healthier Or even just the couple sleeping together? Because some people don't sleep together 'cause they snore or whatever. Oh yeah. I know you're talking about people in New. Jersey. I won't, I know it. I've been over there. The women snore too. Dang. Yeah.


You're like, gosh, is this a, is this my wife or is this a refinery I'm laying next to? you know, a lot of, Anyway, with no other issues like that, it is more healthy for you to sleep together because you increase both level. Both of your levels of oxytocin will go Up. So you feel better, your brain feels better. Totally. Sleeping with someone, someone that it cares about, or just anyone, You would get some benefits of sleeping with. Just anyone. But it's, it's much more if it's somebody that you care about and Yeah. And that you love. And if a family's closer together, do you guys, there's a, that's even more, Yeah. Well, Indian families, like Mexican families sleep together.


Yeah. Or at least one of the children, let's say there's a widowed grandparent, one of the chil grandchildren would sleep with them. So no one sleeps alone. Mm. Wow. That's pretty cool. Are there animals that do that as well? That we, that you think that we learned that from? All Animals do that they do. Well some, obviously some animals like snow leopards, they're completely independent. They don't even stay with their children after a certain age. Oh, I know. It's really sad. But most animals will, will sleep together. And so there's a, a few things that go on there. One is that you actually share your mi your gut microbiome. So we have an oral microbiome, a skin microbiome, and a gut microbiome, which the good bacteria that help us not just to digest and help our mental health, but also contribute to our immunity.


So if we ate together, kissed, slept together, then I'm guessing I've got a better gut microbiome than you. I would actually donate healthy cells to you as part of a relationship. Really? Yeah. And improve your immunity. Wow. So there's a lot of value in, in being close to someone and, and there's a lot of neuroscience, scientific value. Hmm. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. I didn't, I guess it makes sense. you know, it certainly makes sense. Well we had to be part of a tribe to survive when we lived in the cave. Right. For Sure. And If, you ever seen like a group of puppies or whatever, somebody has like a box of dogs or whatever, you know, they always look like it's so If.


you see 'em all right there by the mom. It looks like the funnest thing in the world. You know, even just looking at a puppy with big eyes would make you release oxytocin. God, then I need to start dating animals then, you know, I don't know what you guys' laws are, but might have to come over there to do it. But here's some of the world's most solitary animals right here. Platypus. Yeah. I could see that kind of maybe polar bear. That's sad, man. That's sad because it's so cold and they're just up there. And polar bears every video you see a polar bear. It's like the polar bear's looking for food. It's just like God. Like, And the ice cubes are Mel ice cubes. Yeah. Always. Did I say ice cubes? Yeah. It's floating on like a little, it's floating on like, you know, four grams of ice or whatever.


And it ca it's just like, it's God, it just seems like a horrible life. Snow leopard, a Sandpiper Hawaiian Monk Seal Leo, the Chuck Walla lizard. Snow leopards are beautiful. I think. I feel like I would want to be one, but I wouldn't want to be on my own. You'd have to be though. I'll just be a regular leopard then. That's fair. Okay. You're allowed. Miss.


First of all, I'd like to say thank you to Dan Morgan and everyone over at Morgan and Morgan. We had an issue with Kai the Hitchhiker, and he filed a lawsuit against us and he made quite a hullabaloo. But Morgan and Morgan stuck with it until finally our case was dismissed. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over 100 offices nationwide and more than 800 lawyers. With over $15 billion covering over 300,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. If you've ever been injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/ This Past Weekend or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/ This. Past Weekend or dial pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


What is it about love today that makes it seem like you think it's harder to find? Or am I just romanticizing it? I think that one of the reasons is, is that we are living so much longer. So to be honest, in cave times where all we had to do was su survive to reproduce our genes, you and I, we, it wouldn't be worth us being alive anymore at the ages that we're at now. Right. So now that we are living much longer and the divorce rates are like 50%, people are looking for that, you know, second long relationship or even third long relationship that they might have in their life. So I think it's just very hard.


Obviously people did stay together for like, you know, 50 plus years or whatever. I just think society has changed. It's all about, you know, sort of instant gratification and short-termism and our attention spans have changed because of the internet and smartphones and apps and things like that. And, and, and it's just become more socially acceptable as well. So in, in many cultures they still, you know, still won't divorce. But our, the cultures that we exist in, like it's kind of quite normal now. It's a swap meet. Yeah. Yeah. It's very much a swap meet, it feels like. Yeah. I know you talked about like maybe coming outta the pandemic that people would sense a return maybe to faith. Is there any proof that having like faith and a higher power has a positive effect on your brain?


Yeah. So having a moderate amount of faith or some sort of spiritual belief is beneficial for the brain, but having none or too much like fundamentalism is actually not good for your brain. Hmm. Really? Like how, like what, how does, how does having too much affect your brain negatively? Well it might become associated with certain levels of paranoia or mistrust or sort of survival emotions like anger or hatred or fear. Because it kind of often means that you have to be against someone. Right? Right. So when you get to the point where you're against somebody or where you're So for just one thing Yeah. That you're then inherently against other things.


Yeah. It can get, it's not as healthy for you. You advise, like in your work you advise like a lot of very like powerful people, you know, 'cause I know that you have worked with like a lot of like, you know, a lot of the, a lot of the powers in the world will come to you to help them. What are problems that powerful people have and successful people have like that maybe would surprise us. Do you think? If, you can, you don't have to get specific, but If, you wanna share anything? Well, the first thing I will say is that the problems are pretty much exactly the same. you know, whether it was a patient I saw in the National Health Service as a doctor, or you know, as it is now as an executive advisor to like very senior people.


And because I'm a stress expert, I do tend to see people who are managing really high levels of stress and complexity. And they're also traveling a lot. So their sleep might be really disrupted. They often don't really believe in sleeping that much anyway. So it's all those sort of habits, like people who don't get enough sleep, who, I mean they would tend to eat well because they can afford to, but they might not be eating in what I call like a brain first approach. So they might be eating 'cause they want to run a marathon or because they can afford expensive things, but that's not necessarily what's best for your brain. So I can help them with that. Really Is eating certain ways better for your brain because, yeah, I find most of the time I eat just because I have to.


Like, if I didn't have to eat, I would, a lot of times I would just keep working or doing something, you know? And I don't eat like a lot of variety of stuff. I, yeah, I don't, I'm not a foodie I guess. you know, I maybe would be once I get married or something, if my wife wants to get something or order something, then I would try something like, like more new or something. But I just like, I'll just usually make a quesadilla or have a smoothie 'cause it's easy. Wow. So you wait till you're hungry and then just eat something 'cause you have to Yeah, that's kinda how I am. It's a little bit, it's kind of sad really, but it's, it's Okay. Maybe. It's because you don't know that even though your brain is such a small percentage of your body weight, it uses up 20 to 30% of everything that you eat.


Really? Yeah. Your brain does. Yeah. Wow. So when you're asleep, your brain's using up 20% of what you ate that day. What a pee. Huh? It's just energy hungry. That's what we, we would call it. And so when you are, when you are, you know, really focused on something like this, you are probably using up about 25%. But If, you are under a lot of stress. Your brain will take up 30% of what you're eating. Wow. What is, what happens to our brain while we're sleeping? So the brain, do you know, We know quite a lot more about it now than we did, let's say 20, 30 years ago, but okay. Probably dunno everything. Yeah. So we actually don't, well we've only recently understood why we need to sleep for eight to nine hours and that's because that cleaning process I Mentioned would nine now, Well, 8,015 minutes is the ideal in the, in the, in the sort of population norm study.


Let's Raw, let's round it up. I'll take nine. If we get, if we're willing to do it Nine in bed so that you get at least seven to eight hours of sleep. Eight. Yeah. Because that cleansing process takes seven to eight hours and that process is flushing out toxins that are exactly the same pathologies that we see in dementia and Alzheimer's and things like that. So, and they build up due to the daily wear and tear of life, stress and alcohol and you know, processed food and all that kind of thing. I know there's a big debate in this country at the moment about ultra processed food, but from a brain point of view, don't eat it. Really? Yeah. It's really bad for you. Really Bad.


Like what are some of the effects that that processed foods have on your brain? Well, everything comes down to inflammation. So these ultra processed foods for your body to break them down is gonna cause a lot of like cell activity. And then it's also leaving the waste products from that food in for your body to get rid of. And this is gonna cause some of the cells to become inflamed. And when your body's under stress and that's the only nutrition that it's getting, then basically the, your cortisol levels go up and that crosses the blood brain barrier. So it supplies blood to the whole brain and body. And it will just cause inflammation in your gut. Your gut talks to your brain all the time.


Your brain talks to your gut Gossiping, you know, but that's good. It's Actually a three way gossip because really your gut microbiome is also signals to the gut and the brain separately. Wow. So your brain is super busy, huh? If it can have such an effect. And, what, what are your, what are things you recommend that you would eat? I mean obviously some of it seems kind of obvious or things you would or wouldn't. So I would suggest this is ideal. Ideal, okay. This is what I do, but it's taken me years to get to this point. I eat 30 different plant products per week now that can include coffee, dark chocolate, spices.


So especially like if If, you eat a lot of Mexican food, it's actually not as hard as you think to do that. But you do need to vary the sort of vegetables that you are using. In South America. They actually call squash beans and corn the three sisters and attribute that to the blue zones of longevity in, in parts of South America. Hmm. Then you do need to eat some good quality protein. So lean proteins like eggs, yogurt, tofu, fish. Say it. Can we do fish? Fish? Can we have it? Yeah. Oh, good fish.


Yeah, I like fish. I like having fish a lot. Yeah. Even like, And it looks cool If, you see it in the water because that's the only thing I don't like. You have a thing about fish, You think? Yeah, maybe I do. But cows, you look at it and you're like, this thing's dumb as fuck. I'm not eating this thing. That's how I feel a lot of times. you know, especially the one with the bell on his neck or whatever. You're like, this one's dumb. But at least he's trying to party. But it's like, it's like cows. I, I know people are like meat eaters, you got to eat 'em. But I, sometimes I look at a cow and I'm like, dang man, this, I don't want to be eating this thing. Just seems kind of dumb, you know? No offense to cows either, but you know what I'm saying? Kind of just like, mm. They're just standing there, you know, they're just ease.


Could easily be victims of crime or whatever, but a fish, you know, it just looks like that's how I would like to be, you know? Okay. So if you'd be an animal, you'd be a fish. Yeah. Just something more exciting, you know, I'd have, yeah. So I sometimes I think like, oh, I should eat things that are like things that I want to be like, maybe that would be cool. That's Actually cool because I try to eat things that look like a brain, like a cauliflower or a walnut. Oh really? Yeah. That's crazy dude. Wow. That's cool. Anyway, it kind of makes sense that it would help it. A walnut looks just like a brain, huh? That's crazy. Yeah. And If, you cuss a cauliflower in half. It looks exactly like a brain too. Yeah. Wow. And then the good fats, we can't forget the good fats for the brain.


So that is your oily fish, avocado eggs, nuts seeds, olive oil or that kind of thing. And then dark skinned foods are better for your brain than regular colored foods. So purple sprouting broccoli instead of green broccoli. Blueberries instead of raspberries because that, that purple color has antioxidants in the skin of the food called anthocyanins, which really help with neuroplasticity. you know, that process we talked about of changing your brain. So, you know, I try to eat kind of, I try to take the purple version of everything, but basically quite just like saying dark skinned stuff is better for you.


Well, I mean, it depends. Yeah. I think I've heard, yeah, I mean I got BLMI mean, people like different things. you know, you gotta, you know, everybody likes somebody. Somebody, yeah. My friend only Dates brothers, honestly. And yeah, so, and there's a lot of value in that. So yeah, I could certainly see that. So yeah, explain Actually, can I share a story that Yeah. Is a really, really kind of important one that had a massive impact on me and I, I would like to share it 'cause I think it could really help people. Yeah, I would love to hear it. So Standing on the street outside my house waiting for a taxi and a young blonde woman walked past me, but then I, I could see outta the corner of my eye that she stopped and turned round and came up to me and she said, are you Tara Swart?


And I said, yes. And she said, you saved my life. And I was a bit taken aback. So I said, you know, what was it that I said that resonated with you? Because I feel like I can speak so broadly that I don't always know what it is. Yeah. And she said, I struggled with a really serious eating disorder for years. And I heard you say that you choose what you eat because it impacts your brain. And it immediately changed my relationship with food. Hmm. And I have heard, I mean, when I was a psychiatrist, the eating disorders ward was like a hopeless case. There was, there was really not much we could do. And I've heard that recently, the latest way of dealing with eating disorders is tying people to their beds and forcing them to eat.


And I can't believe that's helpful for anyone. But just hearing this person say that one thing I said changed her life so dramatically, it was kind of just made me feel like everything I've done has brought me to the right place. Oh, that's wonderful. That's, thank you for sharing that. Yeah. It's so, it's so powerful. If somebody comes up and you can tell they're being real or genuine, you know, and they share something with you and You must get that. You, I I, I meet a lot of people and sometimes, you know, it's like, and sometimes there's moments where you're like, oh, this is really cool. you know, and it's like you could share and sometimes you'll be having a bad day and they'll tell you something that they heard you say that helped them. And you're like, well shit, tell it back to me right now. I Know. Same.


You know, it's like, well look, thank you for coming back and telling me. 'cause it's like the exact thing I need to hear right now. Sometimes People, my friends send me a page, a photo of a page from my book and they're like, you wrote this. Like, why are you being like this now? I know it's so hard to help ourselves a lot of times, but that's why we need each other. you know, my friend James Basheera, he always says that we're the keys to each other's locks, actually. Oh, I love that. I think you might have done Did, you do a podcast in Venice one day. Did. you ever do one in Venice? Maybe with Sahara Rose, but it hasn't come out yet. No, this was with a man San Oh, drew per hit? No, it was an Indian man. Yeah, He's He's Indian.


He is. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. it was him. Drew. Yeah. Was it in Venice, do you think? Do You remember? It was in la. It was in La. Yeah. It looked like my friend James's studio. I saw someone, I was like, oh, that kind of looked like James's studio. Oh. Because he, I I thought I didn't know if, I have no idea if it was or not. It looked a little similar. Okay, let me ask you a question. Okay. Did you know that we actually have a second nose that's not connected to the brain? Uhuh? We have a second nose more than the one on our face. Yeah. Okay. It's called the Vro nasal organ. And it detects the smells of things that when you eat them, they give off a vapor, like a spicy food and it actually connects to your heart and makes your heart rate go up. But it doesn't connect directly to your brain.


Huh. And dogs have them, it's got a special name in dogs, which I can't remember, but that's why they can smell pheromones. And also I got this research from my colleague at MIT who, who creates artificial noses and he's created an artificial nose that can detect prostate cancer before any of our current diagnostic tests. Scan No way. And get this, this, this might cause some trouble for some people that, you know, it can detect pregnancy earlier than any test at the moment. And it can tell who the father is. Nuh. Oh my God. So it's gonna be like sn povich or whatever.


What are they gonna put the nose on? I dunno. How do they do it? They just hold it up to something. Yeah. And what's it made out of? I think titanium. But it's, it's connected to a machine, obviously. Okay. Yeah. Wow. So it's a robotic nose that can tell If you have cancer and can all, it can tell if you're pregnant and tell who the father is. What? Oh, I wonder how expensive it is. Hopefully you can just put a dollar in the back of it and find out. Nano knows Here you go early this year. Ion and his too much. Yeah. Ian, he's my friend. They had created a nano knows a robotic nose powered by AI that could identify cases of prostate cancer from urine samples with 70% accuracy.


Wow. So really like a real piss sommelier or something they would call it. Or urine sommelier. Wow. The nano knows. What else can it do? Early detection of lung cancer. It'll, they'll start going across the cancers. So cats and dogs in, in old people's homes. They go and sit outside the door of the person that's dying and, and that's because cell death starts to happen before you actually die. And it happens in a certain order and they can smell when that's happening. That's crazy. Andreas Mein also told me something, but I can't remember why. So I'm gonna say it on this podcast. So I can send him the link and then ask him to explain.


Okay. Fair. Which is that If, you inject rabbits with urine from pregnant women, they get their period. No. Wow. If, you inject them with urine from pregnant women, they get their period. Man. So next time a pregnant woman's like, I'm not a problem. I'll be like, yeah, but you obviously are into some, you got sorcery running through your body right now. Yeah. Because that's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy to think that. Yeah. I never seen anything like that. I wouldn't even do it to anybody. And early, go back to that nano nose, I wanna see what it's, what else it can do.


That's fascinating to me. And do they have, do they show any use of that nano nose Yeah. For can detecting cancer and pregnancy? But I'm just wondering, do they, is it, do they, do they have end up Stick or something used? How it's used? Yeah. He also told me that way more women are super smells than, than men. Really? Yeah. I could bet that. 'cause also women are, I think over life they're like the chefs and they do like the more of like the, they have to smell if the kid's okay or whatever. Probably. Do you think that's why? Yeah, I think so. It makes sense. Okay. Accurate. Electric nose accurately sniffs out hard to detect cancers and odor based tests that sniffs out vapors emanating from blood samples was able to distinguish between benign and pancreatic and ovarian cancer with up to 95% accuracy.


That's crazy. But Theo wants to see a picture of what it, how they use it, like what it looks like when they're actually sniffing patients Leading cause of cancer deaths. Did it Show it? And there's a one in five charts for a preventive medical checkup. The late detection of prostate cancer often means the removal of a part or the whole organ. You might add this in. There's hope at the park Scientific de Barcelona. Wow. That's incredible. Where does our intuition and our gut instincts come from? That's one of my favorite questions. Is it really? Yeah. I love intuition. It's like my superpower.


Oh yeah. Yeah. So basically because It's so cool, it's kind of this, it's like this ghost that's in us a little bit. Yeah. Kind of. Yeah. The ghost of wisdom or something. I mean, Andreas Meen also said to me that things like extra sensory perception, they're not woo woo. They're, he was actually comparing that to the fact that most people don't know we have the second nose. He was like, there's science about it. We just haven't discovered it all yet. Yeah. So intuition was a bit like that. It, people didn't, 'cause they couldn't see it. It wasn't tangible. They didn't really take it that seriously. Like I've been teaching at MIT for over 10 years now and 10 years ago, senior leaders would say, that's not a sense I would use at work.


you know, I'm not gonna use that for hire or fire. But then actually the older wiser guys would say, that's exactly the one I use for hire or fire. 'cause you know, I've learned over time to trust it. Yeah. So I honed my intuition by journaling and reading over my journal and writing down every decision that I made if like logic told me one thing and intuition told me another, and I decided to trust my intuition more and more. You really mapped it out. Yeah. I think I was naturally quite intuitive, but sometimes I was afraid to trust it when I felt like something else was the right thing to do. Logically. So what we need to live our normal life is called our working memory. And it's stored in the outer cortex of the brain.


And then our sort of beliefs and thought patterns. you know, sort of what we were discussing earlier on, that's in systems in the limbic part of the brain, which is the shape and size of your clenched fist. So obviously yours is bigger than mine and the cortex is around it. And then through a process called Heavy and learning, which is named after the neuroscientist Donald heb. 'cause you can't remember everything that you've experienced in your life, but you have experienced it so that information like neurons that fire together, wire together get stored deeper in your spinal cord and your gut neurons. And that's why intuition is sometimes called gut instinct. Oh.


So that's why you kind of feel it right there. You kind of go there in your brain like, what is my gut telling me to do? Yeah. Like butterflies in your stomach tells you that you're nervous, right? Yeah. But the sense of like, this is the right thing for me to do, or this is the right person for me to date. That might, you might not feel it viscerally, but you'll just get that sense. Hmm. Yeah. It's, yeah. 'cause like over time it's like, yeah, you have to believe that your intuition gets honed as well because of you've had experiences. Yeah. But it can also, we actually, and a really important point is that neuroplasticity can be a bad thing. If, you repeatedly go for, you know, people that it ends up being a, a toxic relationship and you have a breakup that drags out and damages you and then you don't really heal and you just go back into a similar type of relationship.


You are gonna kind of, that's your intuition telling you the wrong thing. Right. Right. But you're following it. Yeah. So you could actually, you could mold your intuition negatively as well. Yeah. Oh wow. Like obsessing over a breakup. That's, that's neuroplasticity. Yeah. Yeah. I used to do that, man. That was the worst. God. I would be so heartbroken. The most heartbroken, fricking weirdo ever dude. Smoking or whatever. And just walking around the neighborhood. What else, how do we change our perspective? How do we use is our perspective, our brain? So this is called the hard problem of neuroscience.


And that is the question of whether our brain is our mind or our mind is our brain. And basically If you. If we're being very scientific, then our consciousness, which is everything that we think and feel arises from neurons and chemicals that are physically part of our brain. There's a big move More recently, and, and this has happened in, in the past, in ancient times, we believed in Sears and shaman and mystics and you know, things like clairvoyance and clare cognizance and things like that. And we've co we've moved away from that in modern times. Yeah. We believe in like the, a lot more astrology, the moon, that sort of thing as well.


Yeah. Yeah. But science is now starting to look at some of this ancient wisdom in a way that we may have actually forgotten things that we knew before that are crucial to our mental health in the modern world. So I mentioned some of those things already, like drumming and chanting. But what we believe now is that our brain might actually be filtering our consciousness down so that we can survive in this material world. But actually our minds are capable of a lot more Yeah. Than, than what we, you know, think now. So in terms of perspective, that is all the filters that your childhood and your upbringing have put on how you see the world.


And you can absolutely challenge your perspective. It's not your brain, it's, it's a version of reality that your brain's creating. Hmm. And I have some really favorite exercises that I have that people can do at home. So one is, if I have a dilemma, or particularly if I'm really struggling and just feeling like things aren't gonna work out, I, I describe myself sitting here, what I'm wearing at my age. And I ask the question like, what should I do? Or, you know, what's gonna happen to me? Like, you know, when you're really kind of a bit desperate. And then I get up and I walk seven steps and I turn around and I say, I'm Tara seven years older than you, and I've seen what happens in your life in, in the next seven years.


And I, I answer the question, I give advice. So that's kind of like, Ooh, That's pretty cool. Thanks. Because you're kind of putting yourself in a place and then you're, you're using your same self. And my intuition. And your intuition and who even knows what, what powers the world grants you, If. you say, okay, now I'm gonna put myself seven years ahead and speak back to myself. Yeah. I, I, there's, I, it often feels like there's so many hidden abilities that we have that we just don't know about yet. Like even with like five senses, it's like I bet there's 30 senses. We just don't even know some of what they are yet.


There's up to 33. Is there? Really? I went half dude. They told us there's five Did. you tell you that dude. Well, not at medical school. At medical school I obviously knew there's more than five, but I didn't know there's like 22 to 33. They don't trust us with 'em. Dude. I think, yeah, you gotta, I guess If, you go to school, you get more senses. You don't get what? Did you Don't Get more. You've got them as well. You've got ception. You understand the passing of time. You've got, I've got five. But they give you five senses. Yeah. Right. Touch, feel, touch and Feel are the same. Okay. Sorry. My bad. Zocdoc. Touch, taste, taste, smell, sight, Hearing And hearing.


Yeah. Sorry. But there's more than that. Way more. Unreal. Wow. That'd be cool to go through all of 'em one day whenever I come to your country. We'll have to go through all of them. Okay. What country do you live in? Live in London. Yeah. It's Not a, London's not a country. It isn't. No, It's, oh yeah. I told you guys, huh? Enough with the attitude. All right. Yeah. Manchester's the real England. I'm joking. Well people think different things. Wow. So your perspective, you can do that exercise or you can ask yourself, what advice would I give my brother? Because it's just about taking yourself one step outta the situation that you are in.


'cause then you can't see the wood for the trees, you know? Right. Yeah. You're stuck in, you're stuck in yourself. But yeah. What advice would I give my brother? That's a great idea. What advice would I give my sister? What advice? 'cause it is crazy. You'll give them the best advice, then you'll get off the phone and do the worst thing. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. That's so fascinating. I mean, because some of my advice is like pinned on social media. Me and my girlfriend were laughing so much about some of the things that I say. And then in my real life I'm like, why is this happening to me? I know. It's so funny. I think we all take turns being something that someone needs to hear, you know? Yeah. Even in the sense that somebody came up to me in the airport and was telling me something, I'm like, oh man, where'd you hear that?


Like you said that. I'm like, what? Jesus. Well I needed to hear that right now it's like we all kind of take turns even throughout the day, throughout the moment, throughout the years, being each other's champions at certain little moments. you know? I think that that's pretty remarkable. That's kind of a gift. You've talked a lot about like manifesting and stuff. Do you really believe in it? A Hundred percent. Yeah. I've, I've been actively doing it myself kind of personally for 15 or 16 years. And then in 2019 my book The Source came out where I shared that more professionally. And the response to that was actually quite phenomenal in, in making me believe in it even more. Wow. It's a bestseller. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you.


So cool. Thanks. So cool to write a book and like, and have people want to absorb it. Yeah. Tell me a little bit about that manifesting. 'cause we forget about it. We forget sometimes that we're the captain of this ship. Sometimes we just feel like the stream owns everything, you know? Yeah. And I think some versions of manifestation can still make people feel like that. 'cause it's about the universe and vibrations. I wanted to explain manifestation through psychology and neuroscience in a way to say, look, it's your brain that's doing it. It's not some outside force. And I think that's way more empowering and, and that's what people really liked about it. That I write a lot about vision boards, but I call them action boards because I say you can't just create a fantasy and then sit at home and wait for it to come true.


Like look at how hard you've worked to get to where you are. It's very easy for people to say, oh, I'd love to have Theo bond's life, but you've really struggled and worked really hard to get here. So I absolutely say that that has to be part of it. It can't just be expecting like things to fall outta the sky and come into your life. Right. But if, you know, manifestation is basically setting goals and desires, knowing what you want, finding images of them to put on a board that you can see at least twice a day. And if it's only once a day, then seeing it just before you go to sleep. 'cause it imprints on your subconscious. And it can be very literal or it can be metaphorical. Like something that, you know, you could have a horse on there and it could mean one thing to you and something else to me, for example.


And basically I ask people to make this board, look at it daily, visualize these things being true because your brain doesn't actually know the difference between something happening in real life and a strong visualization. And then, wow. Yeah. And you won't be afraid of it if you've vi already visualized it. You won't kind of meet that dream girl and and say, oh, maybe I'm not ready. Right. You'll have you, you'll have told your brain that you're ready to take a healthy risk. Wow. So your brain doesn't really know the difference between, say that again, Between something that happened in real life or something that you strongly visualize. Well, it's the same reason why when we watch a movie or something, we're able to get lost in it.


Yeah. We're, we're able to believe in it. Yeah. Because it, wow. So you could create enough of a visualization for yourself, If. you really were to powerfully start to focus on it and do that and build that ability to visualize something that your brain, at one point would have to think. It's so true that the world would meet you and put it into your life. I love the way you put that. Wow. Dude. That's crazy. And it feels, that's what feels like another sense that, that to me feels like another sense that like 200 years from now, they're gonna be like, people are just gonna be manifest. That's just everything. you know, people gonna be, everything's gonna be so over manifested.


But you know what it is. That's one thing that I feel like there's like some elite people in the world and they really learned that. Sometimes when I see some people who are operating at a very elite level or the deep state or whatever, I start thinking, oh they, that's what they're using to the best of their ability. Wow. Yeah. Your brain. And then the world is like, oh well it has to have happened because they put it in there so much. That's crazy. And, what kind of things can you manifest Off the example? 'cause people write to me all the time saying what they manifested. So it could be a certain kind of home, a relationship, a family pregnancy, their own career.


A a lot of it's like quitting their job and, and actually starting up the business that they've always wanted to do. Travel is quite a big one. Yeah. Yeah. What are some side effects of the pandemic that we never treated as a society? Because that's fascinating to me. It's so you, it's there's, we kind of went through it and like you said earlier, we're just now we're just here. Hmm. and we never looked at, I mean even in recovery rooms, like the shutdown of all of the 12 step rooms and people couldn't go to those meetings killed. There's no way it's gonna kill a hundred thousand people, you know? Oh yeah. At Least Just in those. Yeah. I think there were mental health issues during the pandemic, but there were slightly different ones since, and we, nobody's really talking about that, which is so scary.


I think they involve three sorts of loss. So a loss of your sense of self and your purpose. Like who am I? What direction should I be going in? Totally. A breakdown of relationships, whether that's marriages, other romantic relationships, working relationships, friendships. People are more like disconnected and lonely When some people lost a loved one and had to go to it over zoom and never even got to grieve it. Or have the family be there together when they lost their grandmother. Yeah. There are people that were hoping in the next couple years they would find a loved a relationship and then suddenly there's three years where they can't even date. Yeah. And, what was the third one? Sorry to interrupt you. Well, that was the third one was going to be loss of actual loved ones, you know, and grief.


And I think one of the things I'm seeing, it may have been creeping up before the pandemic, but it feels very evident now, is the world feels like a really difficult place for young men. The idea of what it means to be a man now doesn't feel clear. And you know, I've sort of had male friends say to me that, yeah, we're equal, but we're still different. And men, you know, they want to love and protect someone, but it feels like women are saying, I can do everything by myself now I don't need you. Yeah. So that, that feels really sad. And that's, I think happening more in the younger generations than, than it did when we were that age.


Yeah. I think in some people start to view themselves as men and women. I think some of the gender lines and stuff are getting blurred. Like, and, and some of that I think is probably good because you want everybody to believe they can do anything. you know? 'cause there has to be some value in being a man. Mm. Just like, there has to be some value in being a woman. It's, we want there to be, I don't want to be with some woman and it's a man, you know, I would like her to be a woman, you know, most of the time. And so it's like, that's the thing. Like, Can I put that slightly differently? Yeah. I think it's about having masculine and feminine energies, which we can both be capable of.


So I think for a man, you know, men are obviously physically stronger and so there are things that men can do for women that could be helpful in terms of the fact that they've got more physical strength. Yeah. But equally, men are capable of emotional intelligence and intuition. And it would be nice if that could be more balanced in, in both agendas. Yeah. 'cause I think in the end, I think it probably goes back to some of our nature too. Mm. you know, it's like I think we want to have someone, sometimes it's like If, you don't have somebody, you'll start turning into the thing you want too. Which is kind of weird. What Do you mean? I feel like sometimes if you're a, maybe you're a gal and you're having maybe trouble getting a guy or you're not having success in that world, you might start kind of like maybe doing more masculine stuff.


Maybe doing, like, you'll create what you need. Yeah. I, I guess you have to If, you have to get on in life. You might have to do things that you didn't do If. you were in partnership. Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't make any sense, really. My bad. Didn't know where you were going with that. No, I didn't know either. I was trying to like think of an idea and I just didn't think, I thought you were gonna say something really outrageous. Oh no, I, I don't, I don't know what I was gonna say, but I I, I just, whatever I said didn't really make any sense. Yeah. It is tough. I think it is interesting for young men, you know, I think it's interesting a lot for just men these days, you know, but then also there was women, like when women didn't have access to a lot of money or they didn't have money, they were taken advantage of.


And so it's like, maybe this is just the, the eddy of the river, the, the path of it that we have to get to get to a place where, you know, women have more finances and ability to make choices for their own. And then once they feel comfortable in that space, then they can let themselves just be women again. Does that make any sense? Or be, I, I think it's a bit more complex. Somebody's gonna get upset about that. Yeah. I Think it's a bit more complex than that. I think we could say that both as men and women, and particularly as parents of the younger generations that are coming up now into adulthood, that we have a responsibility to not emasculate men to the point that they are taking their lives.


Because women have changed a lot. If, you think since cave times? Yeah. Or even just since the 1950s, women have had financial independence. Women have been able to use contraception. Women have been able to use hair diets completely changed how particularly older women can survive in society and be valued in society. But men haven't really changed that much, let's say since the 1950s. So there's obviously some sort of evolution or adaptation that needs to happen because things were so unfair before. But I just think we've got to do it in a way that isn't unfair. Now if You know what I mean, like Yeah. Navigate it together in a way that men and women can be in harmony.


'cause when the Me Too sort of conversations first came out, obviously there were a lot of women that were saying, you know, all the bad things about men that they could. And I just kept repeating the same thing. We have to remember most men are good. Yeah. There's no value in us suddenly hating men because this me too movement has come up that's not gonna help any gender. Yeah. And that was a huge thing. Every man, man, men were scared to look at women. Mm. Men were scared to pat a woman on the back even. It was definitely getting real risque out there. I think even things like, should I hold the door open for a woman or not is is a confusing decision for men these Days. Oh, I agree. I'll be on an airplane and a woman will maybe be about to lift her bag and put it up and it's like, I don't know.


I am I gonna get the lady who's like I can do it myself. Yeah. Or am I gonna just gonna get the lady who is like, thank you, you know, or just lets me feel good because I can do it and I'm able to help out. Not that she can't do it for a lot of guys. It wasn't that you can't do it. No. It was like, we want to do it. Yeah. We wanna be of service, we want to be able to show off a little bit. Give us something we can do. you know? Yeah. Yeah. And I, and I, I love it. you know, I, I think it's, Yeah, great. I used to have this joke, this is a long time I forgot about this. It was like, I was talking about women wanna be men now. Like you see women that are like dead lifting weights and I'll be like, If, you put down the barbells and you look lost for a minute, then a guy will show right up.


you know, like there's something about the thing that you just, you know, you wanna be able to be a guy. Hmm. And I think when it gets confusing as to, well what does that even mean? Where are you allowed to be? What are you allowed to do? Yeah. You start, and then also like all the sex toys came out and you're like, well we can't even, what are we doing? you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, like my nuts are powered by a battery, powered by the Lord or whatever. like I can't compete with these, you know, ingenuity or whatever people Use. It's not the same as having an intimate relationship with the sex Of No. But it's also threatening, you know, when it's like, you know, you know, you hear some in the other room and it just sounds like it should have a fan belt on it.


It's like some of these, it's just in, I don't know. I think that's kind of to, you know, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm Along. I don't think we should end on this note. Theo, I'm pretty lonely as well. What's something you feel like before you leave that you would like to share with us or something else we can think about? Well, the main thing I would really love people to know, which is an umbrella over everything that we've talked about today. And like you've said, there's so much more we could talk about, is that you have so much potential in your brain. Your brain is amazing and if you know how to use it properly, you can make your life so much better than you ever dreamed it could be. Really? Yes. Wow.


How does somebody who doesn't believe that start to believe it? I would make a set of tweaks in some very basic fundamental areas, and I would make them micro tweaks. So where I talk about sleep, diet, hydration, exercise, and stress management, I always say change 10 things by 1%, not one thing by 10%. So If, you went to bed half an hour earlier, or you drank an extra glass of water every day, or you ate some more vegetables and you, you know, walked a thousand steps more than you usually do, and spent some time in nature.


and we haven't even talked about neuroaesthetics, which is a whole other topic. Oh gosh. Yeah. Then If, you do a few things like that every day. They're physical things that are building the foundation for your brain to be in a good environment where it can be better. You'll, I guarantee you feel so much better within a matter of weeks that you'll think, okay, what else can I do? Yeah. And then you can build it up to a point where physically you are in, in really good condition. And then you could do a vision board or you know, whatever your goal is. Maybe for part two, we could ask people to write in and say, this is what I'd like to achieve. How, how could I do it? Hmm. Yeah. That'd be cool. Yeah. you know what one thing you said it is, it's so easy to create a pattern.


It feels hard. The first day is a little tough. The second day is a little bit tougher, but then that third day you're like, holy shit, this is a pattern. And it feels different and it feels cool. And then you get excited about it. And there's nothing bigger I've learned in my life, Tara, than get like realizing If, you do this, and then you do that, and then you're like, oh, now the landscape looks different. Now what else could I do? What else could I do? Yeah. Yeah. You're a classic example of that. I just can't, sometimes I'm like, what else can I do? What else? Like, holy shit. The world's like, like I could do. So what else? What else could I do? Yeah. I don't know.


Yeah. But man, it, it really is. Especially, yeah, there were times when I just didn't feel like I could do, you know? And yeah. But also for you, there are millions of people that, some of them you might know about. Some you'll never know about the influence that you've had on them. And that's another thing that you're doing passively by doing everything that you do, which is huge. Yeah. Yeah. We don't know the effects that we're gonna have on other people and stuff like that. It's pretty magical. That's why we need each other, you know? We need each other to build our oxytocin up, huh? Yeah dude, we gotta get more oxytocin going, huh? Well laughter creates it. So you are, you are spreading oxytocin like, oh, sweet. Crazy. And is it, do we have synthetic oxytocin or they don't have that?


I dunno if I even want to get you to Google this, but you can actually purchase it over the internet. You obviously do not know what you are getting, so please be careful. Oh, in lab experiments they used a nasal spray of oxytocin and they showed guys pictures of women that they had to rate them on attractiveness before and after taking the spray. They rated them all as more attractive after taking the spray. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I looked up oxytocin and nose spray was the top search. So there's an oxytocin nose spray. Don't get crazy guys. Okay. But maybe I'll take a hit of it next time we do, the next time we record What you and I, I'll take at least a hit.


Yeah, I don't think you need to. That's quite insulting to me. Oh, sorry. I'll let you take the hit then. You're gonna need it. I'll tell you. Yeah. If, you look at me. You're gonna need some oxytocin man. Or we can give a little to a pup or something. Yeah. And see what he did. Yeah, We could do that. Experiment gives on to a puppy and see what happens. Oh hell yeah. It Is that legal? I don't know. I'm sure We'll, some people write in the comments if it is or not. Tara. Swart, thank you so much. Your book The Source. I haven't read it, but I would like to. Okay. you know, so I'm gonna keep it on my list of stuff to read at some point. And thank you. Yeah. Thank you for just being somebody that wants to help share like the information that you have and, and are learning, like you're really on the forefront of things that are possible for the future.


you know, neuroscience is crazy, you know, 'cause we just don't know what our brain is capable of. Do you, what percentage of information about our brains do you think we currently know? Ooh, that's a really good question. It's hard to put a percentage on it, but if I think about how much has changed since I was at medical school and if, if I align that with the fact that what we used to watch as science fiction as kids, like a lot of it's true now. I just don't think we know how much potential there is. I think it's big, you know, all I can say is it's bigger than what we think. We're not capable of knowing that yet. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy 'cause we're not even capable of knowing it yet. That's the wildest thing, man, is we're not even capable. Like again, you gotta get there sometimes.


You gotta get that next place to then see what else is even possible. Yeah. And now with AI and everything, it's, you know, it's just changed the whole, Who knows. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we could both be. Yeah. Who even knows we could be living in an orphanage right now or something or who knows. AI can do so many things, you know? Yeah. So Dr. Tara Swart, thank you so much for coming. Thank you. Yeah, I look forward to catching up with you too when I'm in your country. I'd love that. Yep. And your book The Source. Are you still teaching at MIT? Yeah. Wow. That's crazy dude. That's like really MIT dude. You're like I know. Oh yeah. That was something I manifested that I never thought. Really? Yeah.


And that's crazy 'cause I don't even know where Did, you hear about it a lot. You're like, oh yeah, they're doing something illegal it feels like. But probably pretty good. Yeah. Thank you so much for coming. Thank you dear. And thank you for my wonderful gift as well. Aw, very sweet of you. Love. I'm gonna have a little bit of this when I'm feeling a bit down Mom. Yeah, good on you. Miss You. Welcome. Now I just, and I feel, I'm like, I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of I can Bones.