
We've got some new Merch. Check out the Be Good to yourself tees now in new fall colors like Bay Green, peach, granite, and black. That and much more at Theo Von store.com. and we Thank you so much for your support. We also have some new tour Dates coming up. And they are Oklahoma City, north Little Rock. Springfield. Missouri. Kansas. City. Missouri Sioux Falls South Dakota LA Cross and green. Bay, Wisconsin, Moline Illinois, Colorado Springs, Colorado, Casper, Wyoming, billings, Missoula, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio, Champaign, Illinois, grand Rapids, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas.


Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TN. And thank you so much for the support. Today's guest is a business mogul. He's an entrepreneur. He's launched some of the biggest companies in the world and and owned the Dallas Mavericks along the way, help leading them to great success. He just retired from his stint on Shark Tank, and I'm very grateful to get to spend time with him. Today's guest is Mr. Mark. Cuban.


Good to see you today, mark. Thanks for having me, Theo. It's a pleasure, man. Thank you so much. Yeah. Really, really an honor. No, the honor's mine, man. You've been crushing it. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Yeah. We've been really fortunate. We've been working really hard over the past two years. Been working really hard and, and I think luck has kind of met us along the way. you know, I take a look every time, man. Will you? Oh, hell yeah. Right. Has luck come, does that come up to play in your business at your level? Or do you still think there's a level of luck to it? Or what do you, what are you kind? So, Luck is about scale. Right. you know, as an entrepreneur, I think, okay, I can start a business. I can make some money. you know, I could, I can be okay. Right. But If, you want to have a be next to your name. You gotta have a lot of motherfucking luck. Right. So, in my case, I started the first streaming company.


Right. Which would've been cool, but it happened right at the time the internet stock market was blowing up. If the internet stock market wasn't blowing up at the same time, you'd have no idea who I am. Oh, you mean because of, so there was a level of luck to it. Oh, yeah. So the first streaming company was, it's Called AudioNet. We started in 1995 when nobody knew what streaming was. Right. We called it internet broadcasting. And so we started out a second bedroom, my house, just to set up just like this, and bought myself a, a PC and connected it. Found a local radio station that I could connect everything to went online. And I would go and just say, okay, If, you wanna listen to Dallas Sports or news from anywhere in the world? Come to this website, audio net.com, and it just blew up.


And then we got video and changed the name to broadcast.com. Went public in 1998. It was the biggest IPO in the history of the stock market at the time. Oh, so that's how you started, or, and this is a loose term. I, I know you've done other things, but So that's how you started to make some money? Yeah, No, that's when I got, that's when I crushed it. When you, when? Because that's when the dot coms like Yeah. If they had, boom, man, It was, it was it Sandals.com sold for like 20 million. Yeah, No, it was insane. Right. It was insane. And so, but we, we were legit, we were YouTube before YouTube. Right. Ah. And so we were the biggest by far. It wasn't even close. And so, you know, we were the first to do basketball, football, baseball, you name it, first ones to stream anything. Right. And then went public.


Great. And then we sold to Yahoo, and then Yahoo fucked it up. But that's another story. Oh. Yahoo bought a lot of things that they fucked up for sure. Can we say that? Yeah, you Can say that. Yeah, because it's True. Are they bought, they made some poor choices. I was working at Yahoo, I was working over there doing interviews with folks and they bought, what was the website? They bought that for a crazy amount of money. It was blogs, people did blogs on it. Yeah. I mean, they've bought a bunch. Right. And for whatever reason, they could not get it right for anything, man. Yeah. They, I mean, they bought us, they bought all these different companies that at the time were, were huge. Yeah. GeoCities, that's what it was. They bought that before us. Geo Cities was one, but there was one that, what was the blog website that everybody used?


It kind of had a basic template to it. Mash? No, Tumblr. Oh, Tumblr. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, Tumblr was hot then it went porn. Right. Did it go porn? I'm, IM glad I got out Yeah. Porn for a little while. And then, then this dude, I know Matt bought it. Right. And so now he's just trying to make it work. Oh, trying to re finesse it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because that was a crazy buy that they had. I remember we were working there and we were like, you're buying a blog Like that just felt like you're headed to the past, kind of, I don't, you know. And now then they were part of Verizon, then they got bought by Apollo. I don't know what they're doing now. I mean, I still use Yahoo Finance. Right. It's like, not like people don't use it. Yeah. They just haven't been able to get ahead of the game. Yeah.


They had some stake in Alibaba to that company. Yeah. And that's where they made some money, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think that that really kept 'em kind of like in the vibe kind of of, or just, yeah. It, it obviously helped their coffers, but Yeah, they made some poor choices, I think. I mean, hell, they were paying me, so obviously they were So they made one smart move, right? Yeah. When were you there? I was there like maybe 2010 or something. 2000? Yeah. Because I, until close 2000. So you were there like, they they 2014 or something? I was there actually. Who, Who was the CEO when you were there? Do you remember? It was a female CEO. Oh. Oh. They had just got her in actually. Yeah. What the fuck was her name? She was cute. Actually. Say, I never got a close up Look at her.


Oh, well. Yeah. But I, yeah, I remember I met her one time and I wish I'd met her more than one time. That's all I remember. Marissa Meyer. Yeah. That's It. Oh, Marissa Meyer was great, but they had another lady too that was work, or that worked kind of over us in the video department. Oh, yeah. All this Diddy stuff going on, man. What do you I'm sure glad that I didn't hang out with him. Right. You never got in the, you never were in his Universe. I met him. Right. But never went out. Right. And actually, back in 2003, he reached out to me to the Mavs and wanted to design a uniform for us. And I never met him. We did it all via email. And so he had some of his designers get in touch with me and they put together some, and it was a cool looking uniform. Right. Yeah.


We used it for a couple years. But that was the extent of, of my connection to Diddy. I never hung out or did anything. And I, and you know, I hung out enough in la but I never really heard stories about the parties or anything like that. Yeah. That wasn't my scene. Yeah. That's kind of, yeah. I would just hear stuff sometimes, like I would hear certain things, but it was never anything like, oh, this is exactly what's going on. you Know? Right. I mean, just heard inklings of stuff. You would think somebody would say something. How do you keep that quiet for so long? you know, all those videos. It's not like people didn't, like I don't care. If, you take people's ca phones. Right. Someone's sneaking in the phone Yeah. Or shit like that's happening. Yeah. It's amazing that if they say all the things are true, that he was able to just do that for so long. you know? What d what is a level?


Like, is it scary when people get to a level of wealth that they can kind of have anything? Like what are some of that? See, I don't look at it that way. Right. And I'm not saying you do either. No, no. I hear, But I'm just curious about it. Yeah. Like What, what are the options? Right? Right. Like, if you're rich as fuck, what can you do and getting away with, right. Yeah. I don't hang out with people like that. Right. I always looked at it that like, my high school buddies are still my high school buddies. Right. My, the guys, you know, my rugby teammates in Indiana, my Indiana buddies, those are my friends. The guys I live six guys in a three bedroom apartment when I moved to Dallas, those are my friends. Right. Right. So it's not like, okay, I am getting the butlers, I'm getting the chauffeur and look at me. Right. Yeah. And I came by myself. I don't give a shit about that stuff.


Yeah. No. You see me? Yeah. Yeah. I was kind of wondering, I was like, how will he show up? Will a stork drop him off? Yeah. Right. you know, like, how's he gonna, yeah. But, but that doesn't mean it hasn't crossed my mind. Right. Yeah. It's just like I, you have to be, in order to do shit like, like Diddy or anybody like that, you have to be so paranoid. Right. You have to try to think of every base to cover. Oh, right. And you know, now part of me wishes I'd done 'cause there's too many pictures of me out drunk with my friends and shit like that. Right. Yeah. But I just, I just don't like to live paranoid. Right. I just, I mean, I love having a lot of money. It's a whole lot better to be rich than it is to be broke. But I was happy when I was poor.


I just was happier when I was rich. And so I don't get that whole thing of, you know, like just be protective and like play the rich game. Right. That's just not my, my Style. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of it. I think play the rich game. Like, but do you, like, do you see people, like, do you ever, like, 'cause that's the thing, like people get so much money and then they get power too. Or some of 'em get one or the other, maybe both. Right. But then like, how does that infect people? Do you see that that could, that that infect some people? Yeah. Like, have you ever witnessed it? Yeah. Oh, for sure. Right. So like, people who think because they're rich, they're smarter. Right. That they have more privilege. Right? Yeah. They get away with whatever they want. Yeah. Particularly in business, right?


So If, you talk to somebody that may be richer than me Right. Who will say shit, that's just crazy. Right. And think, okay, 'cause I said it, that's what's up. Right. That, that's, that's it's Right. Right. Or more likely though, in my experiences, like, I'll get invited to these parties Right. That are really nice house and stuff. Right. Oh yeah. Right. But there'll be like 50 servants, right. Five people to answer the door, six people that just specialize in toast. Right. Just ridiculous shit. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And all of 'em, like, how do you live like this? you know, because it's bad enough. like I have too big a house, and so you have to have people there to clean it and stuff like that. And there's no privacy just with that. And there's people that'll have like 10 people in the house at all times.


Yeah. And I, I, I don't, I don't see how they live. Right. So for some people, maybe it's like showing off to me. It's just like, why would you live that way? Right. I, I'm, I'm happy to have all this money because I can live the way I want as opposed to live the way somebody thinks I should. Yeah. And I just get the sense to your point, that some people get to that level and it's like, okay, this is what I'm supposed to do. Mm. Right. I'm supposed to have this type of car. I'm supposed to have this many people working for me at the house. I'm supposed to have this type of por you know, China or whatever, Gold toilets Or whatever that is anything. Right. But I am gonna say, one of the things I got, I got a heated toilet seat. Yeah. Best thing ever. Really? You never had one? Dude, I remember when I first got a clean lady for to come once a week, I helped her.


Like the first month felt horrible. Right? Yeah. You gotta get a heated toilet seat that's like, Bro, if I, if my Yeah. I don't want my butt to getting used to it. Too many fancy things. I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you. Right. That's the one, huh? That Oh, I can almost imagine Because I go from, you know when you travel right? You leave home and you're comfortable. Yeah. And I went where I'm staying now. Right. No heated toilet seat. First thing I noticed, you sit down in the morning and you're like, fuck. You're like, this could be better. This could be better, right? Yeah. I'm paying all this for this room and my butt's cold. I know. Oh dude, I remember first night I stayed in a hotel room and it was like $600 or something and I was afraid to even go to sleep. I was like, if I sleep, I'm wasting like $240, dude.


Oh my goodness. So I just kept staying up as much as I could. It's, I still spent a little money, wasted some of the money sleeping. But it was nice over there. Yeah. I just, I, I think it's interesting when people get to love. Like you would see it sometimes with the Romans or something. I dunno, you would see it, but you would hear about it with the Romans, where like they got to levels of wealth and power that they started that it veers into like a lot of sexual, like I Dunno if proclivities is the word. Is that a word? Yeah. Like the, what was it? What does that mean? Proclude? Yeah. No, you got it. Right. So like Kula, right? I saw the movie Kula. Kula. Yeah. That was the movie where it was like, oh, that's what it was. Yeah. With all the sex and everything where like I hadn't seen that everybody was your concubine. Yes. Right. Male women, doesn't matter.


Right? Yeah. Everybody was just fucking everything because they could. Yeah. I think that's something that's Yeah. My wife's not going for that shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There weren't a lot. Yeah. There weren't a lot of Yeah. Once you put a wife in there, things change. Yeah. It's over. Yeah. Proclivities a tendency to choose or do something regularly. A tendency to choose or do something regularly. An inclination of predisposition towards a particular thing. So, oh, so it might activate proclivities in you for something for Towards like, yeah, no, like with the Romans. Yeah. Their proclivities were to fuck around and have fun. Right? Yeah. And it would turn, I think, but a lot of people, they do so much like straight activity, then it gets into gay or, or I, you know what I'm saying? Like, no, the spec. Oh, yeah. And I don't know what I'm saying either, but I think that's something I wonder, that's just what I'm asking, I guess.


Do you like I wonder if that's something that happens when people get so much money in power that they're just their ban or their what? They just want to, they've already had as much of like, regular sound. I wonder if it starts to build on this. Like, What can I do next? Right. Right. What can I do? What can I get? Yes. Right. What can I Get? What else is possible? Yeah. Like, not so much with sex, right. Because you're gonna get fucked over by somebody at some point. Right. Well, Can you imagine having to keep all of the, like, trying to just, even, even If, you ever like sent a sh like I've been in a, I've cheated in relationships that's hard enough. you know, just knowing like, what's Next, right? Yeah. Or just knowing like, I, I have to make sure we never go in this area. Or what if this girl like that one thing alone?


I can't imagine the level of like, paranoia. Yeah. Yeah. You just, I mean, is it worth it? Yeah, but I mean, look, I'm not gonna say that. Forget not sex necessarily, but just like going out and trying new things. Right? like, I bought a plane, right? I mean, because it's like, that to me was the coolest thing after toilet seats. Yeah. Right? To like, oh yeah. Being able to just pop on a plane, right? Oh, that's A, That's a dream. Oh, when I sold my first company, I bought a lifetime pass on American Airlines. So literally I was 29 and I was like, I had this card where I could just go to any airport that had American Airlines just show up, me and somebody else. And wherever they were flying, they had to put me on a plane. Really? It was insane. Yeah. So if that's like proclivities to go try different stuff, That's your Version.


Yeah. That's me, right? Yeah. Me. 'cause look, I mean, I'm the luckiest motherfucker in the world and I don't wanna let it pass. Right. you know, I, I want to take advantage of the time I got, but more now it's more family. Right. As I've gotten older, my kids have gotten older. It's more like, my kids are 15, 18, and 21. And so it's like, let's spend more time with them because that's the most valuable thing to me. But when I was younger, before I got married, it was like, let's go, go, go, go, go. Right. Travel party. Let's see who could throw the biggest parties. Right. Who can buy the biggest bottle of champagne? you know, just rent a club who can run up the biggest bill. Right? Yeah. I I I was doing that shit. Yeah. Yeah. But, but yeah, I think, I think that that's what I think some people like If you get so, like, some people get so powerful or like, there's a lot of gay folks out there.


I think that they're, they only veer into that or change, get into different sexual, like things that are outside of what would be normal for them. Maybe that because they get so much power, you know, that the Romans did it. Like, you know, they say that they did it, or there's people like financial gaze, power gaze. There's like, I Haven't heard that before. Oh really? No. Financial gays and power gauge. Oh yeah. People they get so rich, they can afford to just be gay For fun. Just like anything they want. Yeah. Or like blind gaze. There's even do you, there's bring that people that are blind, they don't care as much If some, if gay or straight leaves their, I asked one guy, one guy walk after me some, he goes, I wanna suck your dick.


This is years ago. I wasn't. And I, no. He goes, look, lemme just tell you something. I'm like, what? and he goes, you close your eyes. It all feels the same. Oh yeah. Well, let's see. Practice with someone else. This Is an eighties thing, right? Yeah. For sure. Oh dude, I'm not gay, but I'll hold it in my mouth till a gay guy gets there. That's something that you would hear sometimes at church, but No, but I, I have friends that are blind and they've told me that they lose their sense of like, some of their sense of straightness dissolves because No, No. I can see that. Right. It's not as important. Yeah. 'cause you can't see one way or the other. Right. Yeah. And so I think there's a level of, which is kind of fascinating to me, that there's different things. That there's people that are gay and people that are bi and people that, that's their, that's who they are.


But then there's some people that, Well, I got a question for you. Yeah. I listened to your President Trump interview. Yeah. Why don't you talk about this shit with him. I, well, I don't think, I think it was hard to talk Well, Bernie BERNIE SANDERS, I could. Yeah. The Romans were gay. Right? I dunno. But I was just, 'cause I, I I probably should have asked him. If people get so powerful, do they then? Yeah. Just because at that point, anything's an option, you know? Yeah. That's all I'm saying. I think there's things that lead people. Like, Like If, you wanna push the limits. Right? Right. If, you pushing The limits. That's what I'm saying. If, you think money can buy you anything. Right? Right. And you wanna push the limits and think, okay, I got money that gives me power so I can do whatever I want. That's just gonna backfire so hard because if you're not like real, the people that are, you know, you're messing with, they ain't gonna be real either.


And it's just gonna be a disaster. Yeah. That's what I'm thinking about with the Diddy thing. I think it's just like, at a level of that you can have anything that you get this power, it's just kind of, I mean, it's sad and it's scary to see, you know, I think that's some of the craziest things, You know? Yeah. You kinda wonder like, when did it click? When did it like, fall over the cliff? Right. Yeah. When it went from, okay, let's hang and have some fun, have a Good party to when it started Getting weird. Yeah. Like, I'm taking videos of everybody Yeah. And this and that. Yeah. Do you think there'll be other people that will come out about this? Or do you think a lot of that's like myth, like internet mythology, or, I have no idea. Yeah. I really don't. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. It's just, just like something that's been on kind of the topic of news. Yeah. For Sure. No, it's an interesting subject, right? Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you wonder, like, and I wonder, 'cause I mean, I've met the guy and I've seen, I met him one time too, But it's just like, how does it get that far?


Yeah. you know? And, and, And that kind of stuff's addictive too, though. Once you do one crazy thing, then that becomes, especially If you're trying to up yourself. Right. Right. you know? 'cause I mean, you've gone out drinking. I've gone out drinking with buddies. Right. Oh, have another shot. Right. Yeah. Have another, have another, have another. And that's what guys do. Right. But if it goes to the wrong direction, it could backfire. And like it has, And the paranoia of having to keep every, oh, that would be a nightmare, man. I'm, I feel lucky I'm not living that way. Yeah. But you know, to me, like the telltale sign is he fucking hurt people. Right. He hit women. Right. He dragged that one lady down the hall in the Yeah. It's obvious. He was, that tells you He was fucked up somewhere. Yeah. Right. I mean, it, it is one thing to want party.


Right. It's another thing to like, okay, I'm throwing a big party. Right. But it's a whole nother thing to physically abuse people that's just like, yeah. That, that shit. Yeah. And it's like, how do you not have your own awareness at that point? But then I think things get, you know, when you get power and you get that much ability, your own sense of self can probably get skewed pretty easy. Yeah. Something's fucked up, obviously. Yeah. I mean, what are some of the side effects of B that people don't see of being very wealthy? Like, are there some negative things about it? I mean, sorry, I can, it's hard to even Yeah. Nothing that I can tell. Right. You look so happy. It's hard for me to even No, I mean, the side effects people sue you. Okay.


Because you're the deep pockets. That's a good point, man. I'm friends with John Au. Jimmy John, he had the Jimmy John's sandwich company Yeah. Piece. Yeah. and he said he, one of the reasons that I, he sold the company was because he spent most of his time thinning off lawsuits. and he wasn't even able to be like, yeah, You, I mean like, I've been ensued five times my whole life. Right. And four of them were, because someone's just trying to get money. Wow. That's it. you know, and they'll like name multiple people in the lawsuits and they'll let the other people off the hook. Right. They won't let me off the hook. 'cause I'm the deep pockets. Oh. So that's kind of a bummer then. I bet you have to be a little bit more cautious about things then.


Yeah, for sure. So that's one thing. So one thing people don't realize, you probably have to be extremely cautious. Yeah. And then for your kids, right. Because it's not their life. Right. There's just, you know, they, they inherited us. Right. And I mean, it's not necessarily bad, but it's not necessarily easy either. Right. To, you know, have somebody who's, you know, well known as your, your dad to every have everybody know you may not be rich yet, but you're going to be Oh, it's true. Right. you know? And so I know that puts a lot of pressure on my kids. And so Yeah. That's, we have a conversation. That's a conversation. Bummer. Yeah. Yeah. It's, But at least you're able to communicate with them about that and have them just Be, you know, like I, like I told all my kids, it's like, look, you fuck up your friends, fuck up.


Your friends just fucked up. And their parents get mad. You fuck up. It's on the front page of the paper. 'cause you're my kid. Yeah. So you've gotta be a little bit extra careful. Is it hard to be a, like, you know, you're a celebrity and you know, and, and you may not think of yourself in that way. Or maybe you do, I don't know. But no matter what, if you're a recognizable person. Yeah. Was it ever weird with your kids where you felt like, my kids are never gonna feel like I'm theirs because I'm so Yeah. 'cause I'm also in a, the time way belong to other people. Yeah. All the time. Man. Man, that's a all the time. Because there's times, like my son told me the other day, I'm like, okay, I'll go out and get no dad. When you're there, everything changes. I just want it to be normal. Yeah.


Right. Which breaks my heart. Right. Yeah. I can imagine. Yeah. That kind Makes you, but, but I understand too. Right. I understand. Right. And it happens with all my kids, you know, where it's just like, there's a time for dad to be there and there's a time we don't want dad there. Not because we don't want dad there just because the attention he's gonna pull. Yeah. Yeah. So that's another side effect of some things that people don't see. Yeah. I'm just curious about it. We were trying to get this therapist who works mostly with really wealthy people on to, to learn more about that. Because like when I was growing up, I always looked at wealthy people like, fuck 'em. you know, let's bomb 'em, let's bomb em. you know? Or we didn't have any bombs. We didn't have any bombs, but, you know, we was just bomb 'em.


Okay. Look, we were in the, we had to have a fly in. Okay. We had no, Oh my God. We had No strategy. But we just, we we did, we just keep playing video games. But Yeah. But in the back of your mind, you're, you're playing GTA. Right. But We had like Yeah, but you, you, it almost gave you an enemy when, when, when you were growing up poor. It gave you this like, not an enemy, but it gave you like a a Yeah. It kind of was an, an Enemy. No, I can relate. Right. It's not like my family had anything. Right. Yeah. My dad did upholstery on cars. Neither one went to college, et cetera. But no, I remember vividly like not knowing how I was gonna be able to pay for school. 'cause I had to pay for my own school. And listening on the radio, this sounds so crazy. Listening on the radio about how these prisoners were going to get all the college education they needed.


Right. And I called into the radio station, I'm like, I'm 16, I don't have any idea how I'm gonna pay for college. And they're paying for prisoners. That's just wrong. Yeah. You're like, so now I gotta commit a crime. Yeah. Right. To go. Yeah. Put me in jail. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a whole nother conversation. What is something that you admire about each one of your children? Oh, there's so much. Is there? There's so much. Yeah. They're different too. Right. But as they've gotten older and, you know, becoming real people now and teenagers, they're, they're smart, they're caring, they're funny. They're ambitious in their own way to, for different things. you know, the hard part about raising three teenagers is that they do all they can to ignore us.


you know? Oh, It's a good point, huh? Yeah. Just like I mean, our family's no different than, you know, any other parents raising three teenagers, basically. Right. Because those kids want to have their own identity. They wanna become themselves and find out who they are. And, you know, we're trying not to be those hover parents. Right. That are just like, and give him some freedom. Like my son, I'm like, I'm like, I'll go, I'll no, your curfew is this, you know, told him more time. He goes, he text me back, let me breathe, dad, I'm dying. Right. Oh my God. Yeah, Dude. Like, he's George Floyd or something, you know? No, not that bad.


Right. But just like, yeah. But yeah. you know, kids talk. Right, right, right. Oh Yeah. Let me breathe, dad. Yeah. Yeah. Because I always give him talk. You give him shit about like gen alpha, like talking vernacular. Right. How they speak. Oh yeah. Slide twin. Like, they always say all this stuff. You don't even know what's going on. Like Sigma, Ohio, rice sauce mid. Yeah. They all, they sound like, like Peyton Manning trying to make like audibles at the line. Right, Right, right, right. Omaha. Omaha. Right. Sigma Sigma. It Really is funny. I'll text my nephew and I don't even know what he's saying at the time. Did He? Oh, it's funny as hell, man. And I'll, and I'll start talking, trying to talk that way. Oh yeah. Just to fuck with him. Right. and he iss like, shut up dad. Or he just hangs up on me. You try to lean into that. Yeah. Is there anything that you had before you were wealthy that you wish you could have?


Back privacy. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. I got none. Yeah. I mean, you know now too, right? Yeah. There's times like yesterday I was driving somewhere and I wanted to get out and walk. It's like a cool street in town. And I was like, man, I know if I get out and walk it'll be fine. But I just know that I will meet a bunch of people and then it's like, it'll start to make me nervous or uncomfortable a little. Because You don't know where it goes. Yeah. Yeah. You just like by, so I think, yeah. Sometimes stuff like that isn't a, I guess that's the biggest thing. Yeah. 'cause like I was walking in Nashville yesterday, isn't that song? Right? And walking in Memphis. Memphis. That's right. Thank God. It's yeah. Yeah. Nashville's better. I think so too. Memphis is good, but it's, it's all right. Nashville is better. But I was just walking down the street and I, I'm hearing it was dark.


Right. And I'm hearing Cuban Cuban. I just keep on walking. Right? Yeah. It's just like no privacy whatsoever. Yeah. But you know, it could be worse. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. No, there's, yeah, I'm not complaining. I'm just curious if there're like, what, like what's one of the biggest things, let me think about where we're at right now. So we've talked about some of how you got started. Listen, I'm having fun. This is not like any other interview I've done, so I'm loving it. No, man. 'cause you're like all over shit. Whatever's, you know, stream of consciousness, which is cool, right? Yeah. Yeah. And this is a conversation too. And I think I like that about you. You make this feel like a conversation. Yeah. So thanks. Yeah. Why not? Yeah. No. How do you know like a good business idea when you hear it now? And has that refined over the years from what you used to think might have been a good business idea?


Yeah, I mean, like, when you're just getting started, sometimes what you don't know is good. Right? 'cause it doesn't hold you back. So now, 'cause I've been doing, I've started so many businesses, investing in so many, like I know what not to do. But that's sometimes keeps me from investing in people who probably have the biggest upside, right? Because, you know, when I was getting started, I didn't know fuck. Right? So it was just like, you, you just got to run through walls type attitude, right. On founder mode. And, and now like investing, I kind of look for that, but I'm, I'm more con conservative Yeah. In how I invest, right. Because, you know, my next dollar isn't gonna change my life. And so it's more like, okay, just competition.


Can I get it right or can I help these people or can I help them grow this company like Shark Tank, right? It's just like, not all those companies are gonna be big, but if I can help them turn, you know, reach their personal goals, that's a win. Yeah. Yeah. When it comes to Shark Tank, are you gonna miss doing it? Yeah, I'll miss it some. Right. But again, it goes back to my kids. Like we shoot two weeks in June, two weeks in September, just finished. Right. My last run. And that's right when my kids are getting outta school, right. And right when they're going back to school time and their birthdays. Right. That's important time. Yeah. It's like, I missed my son's birthday for like the last five years. They're like, that's not cool. Yeah. you know? And so now, you know, and plus now like as teenagers, they set the schedule. We don't Right. Used to be my wife and I'd be like, okay, we're going here, here, here.


When dad's done with Shark Tank, now they're like, no. Like my daughter, you know, is a rower. She's going to rowing camp. Right. My oldest daughter's going, you know, on an internship. Right. My youngest son is going to basketball camp. Right. And so, like, they're setting the schedule and I wanted to be, I have to be available. I can't make them be available. Ah, That's a good point, huh. Yeah. Because as when you're there a little younger, you kind of get to set the stage, You control everything. Right. They're just little plebes, right? Yeah. Yeah. And now, yeah, now they're the ones that really get to choose what's going on. How would you rank rate the sharks out there? Put those sharks in order for me. Oh, You put me in a bad spot, huh? They're all tied for last, right? They're all tied for last. No, it's fun. Right? I mean, all of them have their own thing.


Like, Barbara's probably my favorite simply because she can tell who, what a person's about. Like, she'll just say to somebody, you're lying Right. Or you're dishonest. I don't trust you. And she'll be right. you know? And she doesn't, can't do math. Like, mark, what's eight times eight? And I'll have to tell her. Right. But she has great people skills. you know, Kevin's Kevin, he's kind of the bad guy of the group. Robert, you know, is into pets and kids and stuff like that. Lori is into consumer products group. Damon is the people shark. Right? He's trying to help, you know, smaller businesses grow and then me, right. And I just try to fuck with all of 'em and just have fun.


I wore mine the other night and they were comfortable. They were sleek and they were just, they felt good on my body. Talking about my new Tommy John underwear. And. what I like is the waistband on 'em isn't super tight. So it's not like just pressing against you so you feel like you have to pee all night. I enjoy the freedom that I felt in them. And the fanciness, Tommy John fabrics can keep you up to two to three times cooler. And they drive four to five times faster than regular cotton Tommy John. It's the most comfortable underwear I've worn, probably in the past, maybe four years, probably. I won't leave home without my Tommy John's is soft, comfortable, perfect fit every time. No wedgie guaranteed. Shop Tommy John right now for huge summer savings. Get 25% off your first order at Tommy John dot com slash Theo. Save 25% at Tommy John dot com slash TE. They have shirts and undershirts and kind of just all types of underwears and everything for a man. And I like 'em. And you might like them. Tommy John dot com slash Theo.


Some things in life are okay to be a total crapshoot, like trying a new type of milk or letting your sister make you a burger, or your stepsister. Or even just buying oysters off of a guy that you just met at a coffee house. Those things, who knows? But finding the right doctor shouldn't be a total crapshoot. And with Zocdoc, it's not. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in network doctors in network. I said, and you can choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about an in-network appointment with more than a hundred thousand healthcare providers across every specialty, from mental health to dental health, eyecare to skincare, and much more. Plus, ZC Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking. You can even score some same day appointments. If I needed this product and I might, it's what I'd use. That's what I'll tell you. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to do.com/ Theo to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's ZOC d.com/ Theo. Because yeah, it's such a hassle sometimes trying to figure it out through your own provider. Open this window or that window. Let Zocdoc do all that for you.


When it comes to business, how do you know? Yeah. I wonder if I, I'm trying to think if I would've had an idea on Shark Tank, what? I would've took it in there. Well, what made You decide to get into the podcasting rule? I went on Joe Ro, well, I had done some podcasting and one day I went on Joe Rogan's show and hi. And on his, we just talked more as a long talk and I was like, oh, maybe I could just do it by myself. And so then I, I think I always wanted to have my own voice. And so then I just started in my kitchen. And I say that a lot, but I literally took my kitchen, my dinner table and just made it where the studio was. And that became the studio so I didn't have to eat in the living room and stuff. But it was still like, that's cool.


Yeah, it was cool. And then, yeah, I think having my own voice, like I, I always felt like I didn't have a voice, I think when I was a kid. And so, well What, so, but then there's a business to it, right? So, oh, Well then the business did. How Did you deal with the Yeah. How Did you deal with the business side. Right? Well, one, one day a guy who sold pizzas in Santa Monica, my friend Thomas, he, he said he, he emailed me, I, he wasn't a friend at the time. He emailed me and he said, Hey man, I wanna start Just a cold email. Yep. I want to, that's cool. I want to give you like $500 a month for advertisement and you need to get a studio. And I was like, well, I want to keep that 500 bucks. I don't want a studio. That's Cool.


Yeah. But then he's like, no, you don't see it. He said, If, you can do this next step and use that 500 bucks to get your studio, then you're, it's gonna do better. And that was something that's really been a blessing. 'cause I don't, my mindset was just different. you know? It had a more of a scarcity mindset and Right, right. Because you needed the $500, right? Yeah. As opposed to growing the Business. I'd rather have it in my bank account Yeah. Than Use it as an investment. Yes. And used it an investment. And then once we did the first studio, and then that kind of evolved from there And you just kept on growing it on your own. Or Did, you bring in people to do the sales or Yeah, We, well, we had an advertising company that, that stole from us for two years. What? That was horrible.


Yeah. We lost like, I mean we probably had over two year, I don't even know. It was at least 400 grand that got taken. Fuck right now. Fuck. It was a, But you learned a fucking lesson that way, don't you? Yeah, I learned. So, you Know, we're similar, right? So here, how did the dude pizza dude get your email? I'm not sure. Oh, we, because we would put a, we would put a contact number in case somebody wanted to reach out about something from the show. Oh, you Did? And so, because like, I've done a bunch of deals from people just cold emailing me. Yeah. like I did. I gave this company, this dude's out of Dallas, Tim Ellis and his buddies, they said they wanted to start a space company. I'm like, I, don't know shit about space. But I'll get you started and see what happens. Right now it's called Relativity Space. I still never met 'em. Right. It was all email. Never met him.


Now I've invested a few million. There were $4 billion. No way. Yeah. Relativity Space. And they're space. Yeah. These guys, yeah. It's Tim, right? I'm an ex Blue Origin intern. Got a 500 check from Mark Cuban building major SpaceX rival. Wow. Yeah. Coming before you Elon. Yeah. Oh, I know. That's So what, what their deal is, they build the rockets outta three using 3D printers. So you just, No Way. Yeah. It's really cool. Right. And they've, to their credit, right. It's not like I helped them get there. Right. Guys were just insanely smart and good. Right? Yeah. So I got lucky, you know, but Right. Like helping 'em have some capital. Yeah. I just got 'em started. Right. They're like, like Tim, the pizza guy did for you, right? Or Tom, the pizza guy, right? Yeah, Thomas. Yeah. And so like, sometimes just making yourself available opens a lot of doors.


Yeah. Right. And it's helped me a ton. Yeah. Who are your mentors and then how do you differentiate between listening to mentors and trusting your instincts? Kinda, I never had a mentor, really. Not a mentor guy at all. I always wanted to try to figure out myself. I've always been like super curious. Like just somebody who loves to learn. Yeah. And so, I mean, you know, when I was getting into computers, I was reading the, the stupid computer manuals, right? Software manuals, hardware. I would sit there and read that shit. Right? And then I would try it and try it and learn and learn and learn. Yeah. And then once you get started, you realize whether it's business, software, whatever. Once you get that base, just, it's like learning the podcasting business, right. Once you get that base of the basics you're supposed to do, coming up with new shit isn't that hard.


Right. It's just about your creativity. Yeah. And so I was always just, I'm gonna learn it myself, learn it myself, never had a mentor. And then people are like, will you be my mentor? I'm like, I'm still going. Right. I don't have time to be someone else's mentor. Yeah. Maybe that's not fair. But no, that's where I'm At. But not if you're still going, you know, I mean, right now you're mentoring your family. You've already said that you're choosing to take that extra Time. Yeah, for sure. That that's more important. It is. Especially now. So If I can get them to listen. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy, dude. How your own kids. Wow. Mark, you've been in the kitchen. It's insane. They're like, let breathe Mark. I'll be like, you want me to help you with this business idea? Or you know, your project at school? No, no.


I, my, my, one of my daughter. I'm not gonna say which one. Just like rips on me too. You don't know anything about business, dad. I'm like, okay. It's Crazy that no matter who you are, you're still just dad. You're just Dad. Which, you know the best word in the entire English language dad. Yeah. Right. When your kids just say, Hey dad, that like makes me melt. Does it really? Oh my God. It's the best thing thing ever, ever, ever, ever. The best, one of the best parts about having kids, right? Yeah. Just through yours, right? Yeah. And was your, your, you, you and your dad had a pretty good relationship. Yeah. Yeah, we did. Yeah. I mean, you know, it was funny because my dad was like, I, don't know what the fuck you're doing, but keep on doing it. And I remember the time I told him that I had a hundred thousand dollars in the bank, and he never made more than 40 grand in his life.


Yeah. and he just started crying, you know? Wow. And just taking him places and then tell him, him and my mom, they can just go wherever they want whenever they want and do whatever. Cool. Huh? Yeah. I mean, yeah. Made you feel good. Oh Yeah. Fuck yeah. Right? Yeah. I mean, all, all they did was my dad up six o'clock every morning at work at 7:00 AM come home at six. Hard worker. Oh, fuck. Yeah. Lost an eye in an accident. So like If, you had a damn One eyed worker. One Eyed worker. Right. Damn, dude. So already Behind the eight ball, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like you do upholstery in cars. Oh, Man. Eyeball, Right? Yeah. Oh, it was so gross. Right? So he was like, when it first happened, dude, My dad lost a finger. Dude. Did he really? Yeah. I just remember that. You Just remember. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, it beta scared.


Oh my God. Yeah. That's my dad And you. And is this when he had both eyes or one eye? Well, No, he, he had one eye, right? This is when he had one eye. He lasted when I was like 11. And you can see they're not quite the same. Right. And so he had a glass eye and he used to freak out my friends, he'd take out the glass eye and it would be like, literally look like apricot jelly behind there. It was so disgusting. That's Wicked, bro. Dude, that's so cool. Yeah. My dad. Yeah. I don't know what he was missing a thing. Oh. So, oh, somebody slammed the door on it, I guess, when he was a child. Oh, that's fucking, so how'd your dad lose it any way? Cool. No, it wasn't cool at all. He, they did upholstery on car seats and cars and he was putting a, a staple gun right. Where you staple down the upholstery and the staple broke and he didn't have glasses on.


Hit him in the eye. Yeah. It was not, wow. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it was tough. Yeah. But he, he's a fighter. That's Wild. Is your father still Alive? No. Both my parents died a few years ago. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. So, yeah. Was it, was it tough to have so much control and power? Like, you know, you have ability to affect a lot of things. Was that a tough thing to manage, like when your parents passed away? Yeah, for sure. And I'm sure it's for anybody. Yeah. I Mean, my dad was 92 and my mom was 85, so I had good runs. Right. Yeah. But yeah, it's still tough. Right. And it, you know, you expect it. 'cause my dad had, had struggled for a while. My mom got cancer and my mom's so insane. Right. I'm like, we'll get you treatment, right.


We'll do this, we'll do that. Right. She goes, I just want some pot gummies. That's all she wanted. She goes, you, you know, just gimme the gummies. All I care about is the gummies. And my brother Jeff would've to go find gummies in Pittsburgh. Right. It was hysterical. Oh. I'm like, come on mom, we can help you. I don't care. Well, you could find some of her in Schenley Park over right in Schenley Park. How do you know Pittsburgh? Oh dude, I got pink eye over there the first time ever had pink eye. I got it in Pittsburgh. Did. you get pinkeye a lot. No. Only had it probably three times. Dude, That's a Lot though. But somebody goes, somebody in Pittsburgh said, I'll never forget this. Oh, you got some dime time in your uptime D time, right? Yeah. You go d time hit. And you got the side side. They Said, you got some dime time in your uptime.


And I was like, that's God dude. Yeah. Pittsburgh accents are the worst. Oh, they're the worst and the best. Dude. Worst. You'd see like some lady like just wearing a fricking Jerry Shanky jersey or something. Just like it. Just the cr I Pittsburgh. No, the best is when you see some really hot, so like, I obviously don't have a Pittsburgh accent. Right. And you see a really, really hot girl in Pittsburgh and she'd be like, yeah, you going downtown. Hang out Southside. I'm like, dang, what's the cart? Yeah. Oh my God. Dude. Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. There's no place like Pittsburgh. I love it. Right. It, it's, it's, oh, it's, it's gotten a lot better from when I was a kid. I love, it's One of the best places. There's that movie. What's that movie where there's a big wedding in the beginning of it?


Is that Deer Hunter? No. Is that, yeah, Deer Hunter was filmed in Pittsburgh. Yeah. And it's all filmed right there, Pittsburgh. If it didn't, and with the, the landscape, it's a, one of the more beautiful cities. Oh God. It doesn't get enough credit because of the winters are pretty harsh, I think. Brutal. Yeah. Brutal. Right. But you go to Mount Washington and you go to Lamont restaurant. Yeah. And you just see it like just, you know, driving through the tunnels and you see, you see Point Park and you see the Three Rivers. It's beautiful. And they've cleaned it up a lot since I was a kid. It is really a vibrant town. I love it there. It's a Tech town. It's A hospital town. Yeah. I love, my friend used to work at Jack's Bar on the south side. Another friend of mine was a mascot over there. A Mascot? Yeah. I think he was a Pittsburgh pirate for a while.


That's cool. That's cool. Yeah. That's cool. I used to work as a bartender. WDVE. Is that the station there? No. What is it? WDVE. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny as hell. Yeah. Yeah, man, I, I really have a, I love that place. It's good. People. You worked where there, you said? Yeah, I worked at a bar called Chances Are and in Oakland. And that was my summer job when I was in college. And Oakland is the kind of the downtown area, or? No, Oakland Is where University of Pittsburgh is. Okay. Bet. Yeah. They're playing pretty good this year. They had a good win the other day. You mentioned Elon a little bit ago. I know you guys have, you guys have like, I dunno if it's a feud, what is it? You think it almost seems romantic? A little bit. Yeah. I just like to fuck with him. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean, because it's like, it's, He loves being on Twitter too.


Oh, It's his P thing. Right. That's good point. Yeah. It's, yeah. I guess if I paid 40 something billion for something, Hang around, pay a billion, you better hang out. It's like, why, why do I go to the Mavs games? Right. you know? But yeah, I don't, I don't dislike Elon, but he says some stupid shit and it's just like, I have no problem calling him out. Yeah. And he's, he's thin skinned. Right. And so, like, I'll tell you my one little Elon story, right. So I got, I didn't get to know him, but I was, helped him with something or tried to help him. And so I had his number and I texted him a couple times, like he had a kid. And I'm like, congrats on your 97th kid. and he texted me back, Mars, Mars needs kids. Right. Mars needs people. And I'm like, that's funny as shit. Right? And so one day I, I had a Tesla and I said something about it, and he just sends me a text with the article saying, fuck you.


That's it. Just fuck you. And I was like, okay. I mean, it was the truth, right? Fuck you. I'm like, okay. So that's A text with the article. That what? That I said something that wasn't completely, totally positive about Tesla. Oh, I see what you're saying. Okay. So that's what, that's what an article Was about. Right? So he was just like, fuck you. I'm like, okay. And then it was nothing, you know, no big deal. I don't care one way or the other. And then when he buys Twitter, right? And then he starts getting real political, right? Yeah. And so not a lot of people are going to stand up to him. And I'm, I'm like, fuck it, I don't care. Right? So he's called me racist, he's called me, you know, poop emoji multiple times and he calls me all these names. And so like that to me, that just gives me license to fuck with him even more.


Right. I don't care if he calls me names, I don't give a shit what he thinks. Right. But it's still fun. Right. you know, just to, to hit him with the LOLs or whatever. Yeah. 'cause at that point you're just kind of having a good time. And Twitter is a strange place where you can just kind of say whatever. It kind of exists. It kind of doesn't, the news, like Twitter's a, it's just such a bizarre place really is. I wish they would take a lot of the pornography off of there Hardcore. Right. How they get away with all that shit because you only have to be 13 to go on there. Right. Yeah. you know, you talked about some of the shit we were talking earlier, that's where the shit just shows up in your face all the time. Yeah. Oh yeah. That, that, that kind of stuff is in, I think Yeah, I wish that that, that we didn't have that.


And yeah. And I think, yeah, and he's, yeah, he's always on there. But yeah, I think he, and he might still be high off the fact that he bought it, you know, that he owns it. Look, You gotta give him tons of credit, right? Yeah. SpaceX, you know, starlink, Tesla, the shit dude's like the entrepreneur of our generation. Right. There's like nobody close. Yeah. you know, at least in the two thousands. Right. And so I have total respect for him as an entrepreneur, but his skin is so, so thin, how can you not fuck with him? Yeah. Right. Yeah. I think, well, yeah, I mean it's, I think it's, I mean, Twitter's definitely a place where, is it real? Is it not real? you know, I don't know. It's always been interesting. I feel I kind of, I was happy that he bought it though.


I mean, I was one after, I feel like he kind of rescued it because I feel like a lot of, a lot of like the mainstream media and like the social media platforms, right. They seem all pretty left-leaning, right. Used to be for sure. Right. But now, like the biggest platforms are Fox News Daily Wire, the big names like name the big left-Leaning anchors or whatever. Who are the, who are the the most left-leaning big celebrities in media today? Well, I guess you probably have like Don Lemon, I guess he got fired. He did? Yeah. He got fired from CNN. He, he's gone. Right? He ain't got shit going on. Oh, damn.


When life gives you Don Lemon, let him go. you know? That's what I, But you get the point, right? I don't know. There's No big names, but I think, but CNNI think, well, a lot of the mainstream media has been notoriously kinda left leaning I think, I think historically. I think it seems like they're anti, I mean it for, especially like during the first time that Trump was running, like the only people that even the late night hosts would make fun of were basically like kind of poor whites, it seemed like. Yeah. For sure. That was wrong. It got, that was wrong. Like, If, you were like conservative or Christian. I feel like those people get the brunt of shit a lot of times. Yeah. I'm not gonna argue with that. Right. But I guess my point is, in 2016 it was different, right? TV was still up here. Right. Getting nine, 10 million viewers a night for a TV show was okay.


Right? Yeah. And so whoever was on the, the, the news then, or CNN, they were getting millions of people. Now, the only platforms getting a lot of viewers are like, Fox News is the biggest. M-S-N-B-C gets some, like a Rachel Maddow, you could say. But for every Rachel Maddow, you know, there's Sean Hannity, there's Laura Ingraham, there's, you know, all the, all the hosts. And then you've got Ben Shapiro's, you've got all these right wing, you know, the Tucker Carlsons. Yeah. And so the bigger stars now, and the bigger media presence is on the right. And so I think what's happened on Twitter now since Elon has pushed it to the right, I think it's kind of flip flopped, right? In 2016, If, you went on and, and talked about Trump positively, you would get shit on, Oh, you couldn't say anything If.


you were even a conservative. You couldn't even ask a question. Right. You would get shit on. Right. It was very scary. Right. So it was left leading, but now it's exact opposite. Right? If when I say stuff about Harris, you could just look at my, my ref, my mentions, my replies, and I'm just getting destroyed. I'm a communist. Yeah. You're a fucking Jew. Go back to hell. This is, this, this and that. Well, Jews aren't from hell. That's Crazy. No, but that's what they, no, it's all crazy. At Least look at the history, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, look at a map. No, it's insane. The antisemitism on that place. Maybe it's just pointed at me. Right. But I know Ben Shapiro, I, I looked in his reply because I'm just curious. Right. So point being that I think it's flip flopped. You do. Yeah. And I think now, I mean, look, you had President Trump on here coming on here's saying his piece.


Right. And we would have Kamala on. Yeah, I'm sure. And I'll, I'll put in a good word for you too. Yeah. you know? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I think it would just be interesting to talk to her. No, she's smart, she's fun. She's easygoing, right? Laughs a lot. But, you know, she's, she's chill. But I think the whole thing is just flip flopped. And I think it's harder on Twitter in particular, it's harder to be in support of Harris. Like, I'm not a liberal. Right. I mean, socially, I probably am. Physically I'm conservative and I'm an independent, and I don't belong to either party. I don't give a shit about either party, you know? But I'm a Harris fan because I'm not a, you know, I like her policies. I've had some influence in her policies, and I'm not a Trump fan at all. Yeah. Used to be. But they kind of grew out of it. Have you?


Yeah. What do you think made you grow? Like, that's an interesting term, like grew out of it. You know, I would, once I came out saying I was for him, right? Oh, you, you had come out and said that? I said, Yeah. I said it was the best thing that happened to politics because he wasn't a typical candidate. Now I didn't think he had a chance to. That's How I felt. Yeah. Because I would've elected a fucking donut in there. Well, yeah. If it wasn't a politician. Exactly. Right. That's like one of my buddies in Texas. I'm like, why are you voting for Trump? He goes, mark, I've been voting for politicians my entire life. you know what they've done for me? Nothing. you know, the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over again. Right. So I'm like, okay, Dan, I get that right. Yeah. But as I would talk to him, and, and it's funny because in one of my memory things that came up, right, just this morning, I was looking at it and it was like, he sent me a text.


I had done a CNN interview. Who? Donald. Yeah. Donald sent. Well, what he would do is he would write it and then somebody would scan it, and then they'd email it to me. And so he sent me what happened. 'cause he saw a CNN interview where I criticize them. And, and I literally, I told him, I'm like, you gotta start learning the issues. Right? You can't just talk, you know, at some point, all these things are important, and if you're gonna be president and you've got a chance to win, then you've got to learn this stuff. And I just never felt he made an effort to learn anything. Mm. Not just that, but anything. Right. And so whenever you try to get into a conversation about details, it never worked. Now, all that said, even though I don't think he'd make a good president, I don't think he was a good president before when he did become president, when he asked me to come help on during Covid, right.


When he asked me to help about healthcare, I showed up. Yeah. Right. Because country over party. Right. And I would do it again if he wins, but I hope he doesn't. Yeah. Have you donated to the Harris campaign? No, I don't, I haven't given money to any candidate pac, anything politics related to either party since 2001. And that was like, I don't even to Zoe Lofgren. I don't remember why I gave her money. Right. That's when I had broadcast.com. Hmm. So, I, I kind of make a point not to give money so that either you, if I talk to you, either you like my ideas or you don't. And it's not about me buying. you know, your interest.


They say first impressions are important. And, what about lasting impressions? That's where BLUECHEW comes in. BLUECHEW helps give men longer lasting and stronger erections so you can perform at your very best. BLUECHEW is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost. And in a chewable form, I chew them. Bad boys. you know it. BLUECHEW baby, BLUECHEW, chew. you know what I'm saying? Fill that furnace. Daddy. Get that thing. Owen and BLUECHEW wants you to have the confidence to perform at your best. So discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com. BlueChew tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door in discrete packaging. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BLUECHEW free when you use our promo code Theo at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's BLUECHEW dot com promo code Theo to receive your first month free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and safety information. and we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


Today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. you know, If, you struggled with how you're thinking or how you're feeling about yourself. That's a big one. I notice my relationship with myself and, and I don't know any anybody to talk to about it. Well, BetterHelp was there to help me out when I was in a bind. BetterHelp can help you as well. If you're thinking about starting therapy. Give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. That's one thing I recommend. If you're with a therapist and you don't feel like it's helping, you're not gonna hurt the therapist's feelings by switching to another one. You know, you wanna make sure you are in an environment where you feel like you are progressing towards healing. Whatever brought you in there in the first place, rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Theo today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ Theo.


Do you feel like whoever gets in a Be be President that they actually are, do, do they just spend their time paying back lobbyists? Like, it just feels like we're so far away from the days of like maybe Ronald Reagan or, I'm trying to think of somebody else like George, no, Gerald Ford. I don't know. It just seems like we've, like, we've just become this American to me feels like this kind of shell company. Right, right. For bigger, bigger. See, I think there's some that, and I don't mean in a negative way No, I know what you're saying. Saying still believe in like the beliefs of our country. Yeah, me too. But it just feels like the lobbyist controls so much. It's like, does, does the president even matter anymore?


You know, it's a great point because some of the issues are so complicated they can't learn all of 'em. Right, Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Like whatever it is. Right. But at the same time, I think, I think what PE a lot of people are missing is that everybody, all politicians learn from Donald Trump and how he won because Oh, They Did, you think? Yeah. Oh, for sure. Right. I see it in the Harris campaign. I see it in Kamala Harris. Right. you know, Donald Trump took over the Republican party. It was no longer the Republican party. Right. That's a great point. Right. I never really thought about That. He took over. Right. It's like whatever he wants. He didn't wanna debate in the Republican primary, so be it. Right. They let him not debate.


Right. So, you know, who knows what would've happen against VE or Nikki Haley or whatever it might've been. Oh, that's right. They didn't have to debate this year, huh? No, They wanted to. The other ones did. He just didn't participate. And so he just didn't step up and say, okay, I'm gonna kick your ass. I'm happy to debate anybody. He said, no, I'm not gonna debate his choice. But the point being, he controls the Republican party. I think that's what's happening with the Yeah, that wasn't super democratic, probably. Yeah. No, it was. It was. But it's his choice. Right? The Republican party is a private entity. He gets to do the way and he runs it. Right? and He But shouldn't there, but, but isn't there a overall body that would say that you guys have to have this? Nobody, the Republicans get to pick their candidate the way they want to. I see. And the Democrats get to pick their candidate the way they want to.


So all this shit about, well, you know, Nikki ha, I mean, Nikki, Kamala Harris didn't get a single vote. Right? Don't matter. Right. And tell you what kind of dweeb I am. Right. And nerd like I literally looked up the bylaws of the Democratic National Convention and the Republican National Convention. And they both say, we basically, in a nutshell, we get to pick the candidates the way we want to pick the candidates. Pur Dennis story. Wow. So e so, 'cause kind of on both sides, it seems like the, the, the, that Kamala and Donald have just been put in, right? Yeah. So neither one of 'em kind of practiced, like, but It don't matter, right? What do they care about? Power, to your point earlier, right? What's the democratic party want? Power?


What's the Republican party want power Now who's in charge of those? Each of those businesses, the parties, Donald's in charge. And the thing I was saying about learning from Donald, now Kaa is like, I'm taking over the Democratic party. Right? I see what you're saying. Right? So it used to be like in 2016, people thought, well, you know, all the traditional Republicans, the Mitt Romneys or whoever, they're really gonna run the show. And Don was like, fuck that. Right? I'm doing it my own way. Right? And so Nikki, Kamala has learned all that stuff now, and she's doing it the same way. So she's not like, okay, this is what Bernie wants. She doesn't give a fuck what Bernie wants. She, you know, this is what Elizabeth Warren wants. She doesn't give a fuck what Elizabeth Warren wants. She wants to know what's best for the country.


And so then are people like, well, why was she not this way in California? Because running California, being a Senator in California is a completely different job than trying to be the president. you know, just like running real estate's a completely different job than trying to be the president. So I think she's trying to come to center because, and she's trying to be the exact opposite of Trump, but she has captured the Democratic party. Like when I talk to them, it's not like, okay, this is what the Democrats want. It's like, okay, what's best for the country and how do we implement that? And how do we convey that so she can win? Now, some people might argue BERNIE, SANDERS really is pulling the strings, but he ain't right. Just like he didn't seem like that when I spoke with him, he seemed like I, I didn't even know how vested he was in her being the candidate, you know?


No he's not. Right. And that's the whole point, right? Yeah. It seemed like, you know, Whatever. Right? Because she's in the center. So you're saying you believe that she's doing her own thing? She's definitely doing her own thing. Like she, like she says, here's my core values, right? I want, I want taxes to be fair. I want to, you know, lower taxes for the middle class, right? I want to bring people up and make sure that they have opportunities, right? I want to try to do what I can to continue to reduce inflation and costs, you know? And I don't wanna be negative, you know, whereas Donald is negative a lot, right? And so you hear talking about joyous and uplifting and all that stuff. Oh, I see, I see. Right. Because that's, and I agree with this. That's what's gonna bring people together.


You can't say, I hate Taylor Swift. Right? And say, I'm bringing people together. Right. You can't say all the Haitians are bad. Right. Legal or illegal. Right. And throw all the legal immigrants under the bus like he's done. And she's, you haven't heard her criticize like, like Hillary Clinton fucked up, right? 'cause you nailed it. Right? She was talking shit, the deplorables and all that. They're stupid for. That's not Kamala at all. She's like, alright, we're gonna bring people together. I'm gonna be joyous. I'm gonna be uplifting. Right? I see that. So now I understand a little bit more of her campaign then, but do you think it's weird that she doesn't do a lot of interviews and stuff that she doesn't get out there? That's a great question. Okay. So when she came in right. And got nominated because You kind of don't know who she is, that's like you hear, you see, right?


So then you start to just believe clips because it seems like you don't get a breadth. So let's, so now that comes down this great question, right? So, 'cause I asked the same question, and here's what they said to me. They go, mark, there's probably 1% of the electric, electric of the electorate is high information. Who Wants? Wait. So tell electorate, say what it is. Yeah. So 1% of the electorate people who are voting, right? Okay. So 1% of people who are voting Are high information. So People are gonna go really look in depth, like You and I might, right? Wow. Right? 99%. They don't really know her. Right? And so, If, you look, when she came in, she had horrible approval ratings, she had horrible favorability ratings. People didn't know who she is. And so what she's doing, she's taking a page from the Trump pa playbook.


What did Trump do in 2016? He did all those rallies all the time in front of 10, 15, 20. That's exactly what she's doing, right? She's going everywhere and doing rally. 'cause that's how you get the maximum number of people without having anybody interpret it for her. Like media might do. But the, the reason she keeps on doing it, it's working, right? She went from having really bad favor, abilities. No one knew to the exact opposite. She went from being further behind than Biden. 'cause people didn't know actually potentially at least break even if not leading in some cases it's working. So why does he just turn around and she's done some friendly interviews like Oprah and the National Associate of Black Journalists and she'll continue to do some stuff.


But you do what works, right? Yeah. I guess. I mean, I think, yeah, I mean, I just wish to Yeah, it feels like you would want to get to know her a little bit better, you know, just to learn a little bit more about how Well, what do you wanna know about her? What don't you know. That's a good question. I guess for me, I always wanna know what somebody's really like. Yeah. you know? I mean, and at least get an like, so just to, to try to get an idea of that. And then also you, like I, think I can understand why a lot of people vote for Trump. you know, because, you know, he's had a history of being involved in a lot of shady business. Right. And that's why they vote for him. Well, because America has become what it feels like to a regular person. It feels like I am a, I am a part, I am just a peon in a bigger, shady business.


It feels like. That's Interesting. That's really, really interesting. Yeah. So, so then it feels like, like, yeah, our water's dirty. There's our kids have, or we're, you know, parents are boiling their own water now at homes because they feel like that water's not safe and it's causing kids to have autism. Our, our, our, you know, we're our drugs. People have to spend all their money on drugs. Like, well, I'm fixing that, so I'll, I'll get to that. and we Yeah, I wanna get to that. But like, yeah. One of the largest causes of bankruptcy is medical debt in this country. Yeah. There's a huge shell game insurance scam going on. It's horrible. It's Worse than you Between hospitals and you Have no idea how bad it's Insurance providers and, and big business.


It's just, but but Just look at that. Right. Those shady things you mentioned he tried to fix, like I literally went to the White House to talk about healthcare and the shit I'm doing. and he wanted to talk about how we saved $35 billion on Boeing, Boeing aircraft. Right. Didn't, we couldn't have a conversation about it at All. Yeah. And, and maybe that some of that stuff is evolving with him. I don't know. you know, I don't, but but I think my point was that it's gotten to the point where you'll, everything seems like such a shady business that I want somebody in there who is shady. No, I want somebody in there who can do shady business. Well that is the guy who does shady business. Well, but that's, but I think that's how a lot of people think.


Like really this whole thing is fucking me so much that at least He's my criminal. Lemme He's my Criminal. If he's a criminal, he's my criminal. If he's a criminal, he's my criminal. Right. He's my criminal. Yeah. Or, but yeah, because they feel like this other thing is such a, it's so mobster that you need a mobster. That's what I'm saying. I mean, That's the best description. A reason I've heard of anybody wanting to vote for Donald Trump. Literally the best. Right. Because you're right. Right. If everything is that shady, then, and he certainly, I mean, he's ripped off. I can't even tell you how many people Right. People I know, right. That he's ripped off. I mean, just being a lot of alleged issues with context. No, I'm telling you about Yeah. I'm telling you people I know, right?


He like Barbara Coran. She said something about this from Shark Tank, right? She, he hired her or asked her to sell a bunch of condos in a new building that he put up. And she did, sold everything she asked. He offered her $4 million. He wouldn't pay her. She had to sue him just to get her money. But How does somebody benefit by behaving like that? Like as a, When that's the only way you know. I mean, he was born rich, right? He's never had to find his, you know, Damon John? Oh yeah. He's always had good hair. Dude. Rich people always have clean hair. I remember. I don't know about that, but Yeah. Good hair. Mark. Just gonna be Becky. Yeah. There you go.


Well, she likes him as a salesperson. But down in there it talks about how he ripped her off. How do you and, you know, Trump University, Trump Foundation, Trump Soho, just example after example where he ripped off hard working Americans again and again and again. And to think all of a sudden he just changed who he is, just not the case. Like, look what he's doing fucking now. Right? A mint silver coin. If you're okay, if you're a billionaire, right? All of a sudden you just made a billion dollars to you. You took your company public, you put a billion dollars in the bank. Are you gonna be selling silver medallion coins? What do they look like? Does does it matter? I don't know.


I haven't seen it. It does. you know what I'm talking? It's just, oh, you, is it like, so Oh, you mean like one of those, you Know, the commemorative coins? Oh, commemorative coins. Yeah. Right. That you see on the late guy. They Sell commemorative everything, don't they? Yeah. But this is supposed to guy running for president. Right. And so he's selling commemorative coins. Oh, That's wild. Dude. He's Selling sneakers. That's Gangster, bro. But why, if you're rich selling sneakers, right? NFTs. 'cause he, Donald also has a, you know, he has a very look at this shit. Those fucking, those things are hype as fuck, dude. And I wish I could compare, to be honest, just because they're pretty tough. I mean, they're ridiculous, but they're tough. But I think he's gotta, you know, he loves being Donald Trump. Yes, he does. Undeniably. And I don't blame him for that. Yeah. More power to him. Right.


Love your life. Right. Enjoy every minute. I hope he enjoys every minute of his life. Right? I got nothing against like, I, like the guy, if he was here and we were just talking shit. Yeah. I get along great with him. Right? Yeah. But that's different than wanting him to be president of the United States again. Yeah. Right. Totally different. And I think you need somebody you can trust. Now, is Kamala perfect? No. Right. Do I agree with everything she's going to do or says No. Right. But I think you can trust her. Right? And that's the difference. And If, you want her, if, I don't think we need to keep things in gangster mode, and I know that's why she's talks to me, right? I mean, that sounds stupid. Right? But like fixing healthcare, right? She's not saying, okay, this lobbyist or that lobby, she's like, how do we fix it? Right? What do we do to make it, to save people money?


you know? That, that's the difference. Right. And I, and I understand completely If, you think everything's gangster, the deep state and all this shit. But like, to me, that's just playing the victim. you know? You mean by believing that sort of mentality? No. That when he does it, right, when he says they're out, you know, it's the deep state. He was fucking the president of the United States, the most powerful man in the world, And, what did he do to stop the deep state? Now? He just stopped talking about it. He doesn't talk about the deep state anymore. That's supposedly the ultimate gangster shit, right? Yeah. I mean, you know, if it's gangster and fucked up the way you say and Maybe it is. Right? Maybe I just miss it. It feels Like It. No, and I'm not saying it's not right. Right. Maybe I just don't see it. Right. Maybe I, I've got it too good and I don't see the shit.


Right. But I mean, it ain't gonna get un gangster. It's not gonna get better. Right. If, you put in a gangster, right? And If, you put somebody who's a gangster and Tony Soprano style that only worries about loyalty. If, you have an idea. He ain't listening. He's doing it his way. Where I think with her, she'll listen. One interesting thing that he did well, I wonder how much would be different from the first time that he had the experience to be president to. 'cause sometimes you do something and you learn, right? The question is to be, does he become more gangster or more legit? Right? What do you think?


I, I don't know. It's a good question. I I think it would, that's the thing. I wish I knew a little bit more about how he thinks and is, you know, and that's the toughest thing is being a regular voter. It's so hard to get to know how somebody, But that's the exact same thing you said about Kamala. Right. Really is, you know? Right. Because when he, and look, again, I don't hate him. I don't really don't hate anybody. Yeah. Right. I respect him. Right. I just don't agree with him. And I don't think he'd be a good president. But when he come, came on here. Right. And I listened to the interview. He talked pretty much other than your, your talk about his brother And, what happened there, which was really cool. Right. you know, you deserve a lot of credit. He deserves a lot of credit. But Yeah, I wish he would've talked a little more about it. you know, I think it's hard to get into some of his, like an emotional side with him some.


Yeah. you know, and I wish that it was maybe a little more possible. But, you know, he's also an old, you know, he's, he's a, you know, he's an older guy. Yeah. Senior citizen. And it's harder. Yeah. It's harder for that to, And I don't know him, you know? Right. But, But, but You know what I was gonna say is he didn't really get into any details about anything other than the personal stuff with his brother. Right. you know, in your stuff. Right? Yeah. Well, I think he wants to, you know, he wants, I think there's just things people want to feel, they want to feel safe. Right? So you want the, you want different things that are, that are happening at the border. Like we had a couple border patrol agents on, and they were saying that, that a lot of the problems, it's not, they used to, they used to have like usual, like Mexican migration that comes up to help with farming and stuff like that.


And then it's just gotten out of control. And then now it's gotten really outta control. So I think his stay like him saying that we want to close out or make it be like appropriate ways that, that affects people's safety. No, I agree. Right. Everybody wants safety. Right. And I think Biden fucked up, no question about it. He waited too long to do anything about it. Now, If, you look at what's going on now, they're at the same ne the, the border crossings, they're at the same level. They were under Trump. Right. So they've, they've come way down and she has already said she wants to sign the border bill that the Republicans put out there. Right. Not build a wall, but shut it down even further. Which I, which I think so Even further than a wall. Yeah. Further than it is now, because they've already got it down to where it was when they built the wall as much as they got built.


Right. It's the same numbers as at the end of the pre covid stuff for Trump. 400,000 a day, whatever it is. Right. And she wants to take it even further. She's not Joe Biden. Right. So I agree with that, that it's a big deal. But you also said he just wanted to deport everybody. How the fuck do you do that? Yeah. You just gonna walk into somebody's house. Hey, I know you, there might be somebody who may or may not be illegal. Get the local cops and just pull 'em out of their house, you know, what's that gonna do to cities? you know? I mean, you go through LA Yeah. There's a bunch of illegals. Right. But they're not all have they, not all their families are illegal.


Yeah. Yeah. And so if your family's getting dragged out the front door, what are you doing? Right. Right. and he gets the National guard, or the local cops just start dragging people out, putting 'em in a bus and send 'em. How do you think their community's gonna respond? Well, I guess it depends. Yeah. I think I agree. It's tough. It's like, how do you get into the minutia of some of those things? You Gotta follow the law. Right. But he's saying he's just gonna drag 'em out their doors. Right. He hasn't given any real details how he would do it. And what I'm saying is, if it's, let's just say he decided it's against Jewish people. Yeah. Just pull it outta left field. I'm not saying he is, he's not going to. Right. Fucking, that's happened to us before. Right. And in the country where there's this many guns, people are pulling out their guns. Right. And I'm, I don't know, but I'm thinking if, if, if I'm Hispanic and I have a brother-in-law, or you know, somebody, my father, whatever, who's illegal and they're just coming to my front door, I'm not just letting them take him and just say, thank you very much, gimme another.


Right. Unless you do it the right way. There's way, look, they called Obama, the deporter in chief. He deported more people than Trump ever did, but he followed the law to do it. Yeah. As long as you follow the law, that's great. But when, when Donald goes around saying, we're just gonna fucking kick him out. Right. I'm gonna, you know, do whatever. Right. That just sounds like more, it sounds like a boast and not like what is the actual practice. Right. More gangster. Right. But I think the fact that so many people have been let in, it's like there's Venezuelans in Brooklyn that are running like prostitution rings outta parks over there. Yeah. you know? Yeah. And I don't, and There's, yeah. And there's Americans doing the same shit too. Right. Right. That's a good point. But I'm not trying to make excuses for him. Right. Yeah. Get the motherfuckers out, but follow the law to do it.


Tell us how you're gonna do it. Right. That's a good point. Yeah. He doesn't, Donald does have, doesn't have much of a, he's not very finessed when it comes to the emotional comfort of how something's being found or Basic. Well, it's just respect the law. Otherwise shit could hit the fan in a bad way. Yeah. Right. But the fact that people have come in lawlessly, it feels like Biden fucked up. No one's changed. No, no one's saying he didn't. Yeah. Right. He led too many people in that, that could have been the BERNIE SANDERS side of him. Right. I'm not saying, you know, he did the right thing. Yeah. Right. But you are where you are. Right. So the only question is how do you fix it? Right. And just saying, It's a great point. You are where you are. You are where you are. The situation is the, when, when that company cast or whatever it was, fuck you up, you were where you were.


Yeah. And you just had to deal with it. Yeah. Right. You could sue, you could do whatever. You could follow the law. You did what you had to do. Right. It's the same with this. Right. You are where you are. And if he's going to get people out, which he should, he's not saying I'll follow the Obama model, but instead of 3 million people deported, it's gonna be 11 million. Right. Let's hear the practice more. Right. Otherwise, let's Hear what it, how Are You do it. Otherwise, when you have 300 million, 400 million guns in a fucking country, people aren't just gonna say, take my brother. Thank you very much. Right. Yeah. you know, that's a great point. I think Yeah. I, I I think that you have to have more of an idea of Yeah. How are things gonna be done, done. You gotta Tell us how you're gonna do it. Yeah. Right. You can't just say, I'm gonna deport. Because to your point, right.


It gets people mad and they wanna vote because they feel threatened. Right. They don't feel safe, you know, and I don't blame them for not feeling, for being mad and not feeling safe. That's legit. Right. But how are you gonna fix it? Right. Kaa is saying, okay, here's the program, right. That we got from James Langford, whoever, the guy from Oklahoma, I think it is. Who for this Republican bill, I'll sign it. Right. Because this is a problem. She hasn't said how she's gonna deal with deportations. That's something that she should be asked. I don't know the answer. I don't know where her head is on that. But I do know that If, you go more gangster on this, That it could escalate and get worse, you think? Yeah. Wouldn't you? I don't know. I don't know.


I hadn't thought about it like that. Exactly. you know, I hadn't thought about that. What are the actual practices of it? you know, Dude hires, dude hires people illegals in Mar-a-Lago. Yeah. Right. Well, That's an interesting thing about our whole country is it's like people say, well, we don't want illegals here, but then people hire illegals to also do their, do The jobs. Jobs. Right. And they're not doing, like, they're not doing these jobs. Right. Right. They're doing, you know, the shitty jobs. But most of the people that are coming over now, it's es it's gotten so much more out of like people just coming over to work and send money back home. It's gotten like, most of the people aren't even Mexican people that are coming over now. It's all other types. All over. Yeah. Which doesn't make those people any better or any worse. No, I hear you. Yeah. But it's still like, if it's like, it just makes me like, I can't walk.


I'm scared to let my kid walk the block to school now. Or just because I don't know. And, and you If you feel like these people don't have a social security number, then there's no way to even prosecute them or have them be contributing members? Well, No, that's not true. Right. So even if they don't have a social security number, if they break the law, they'll, they'll deport them. Right. Or they'll throw 'em in jail, whatever it may be. They're not saying because you don't have a social security number, you can't be prosecuted. Oh, I see. Right. Yeah. That, that's not the way it works. Yeah. I mean, one, yeah. A lot of people that the executive branch, one of the border patrol guys said that the executive branch, they're not doing the processing well enough. I agree. So a lot of times they get the same people over and over again.


Over, over, yeah. They send 'em back, they come right back over. They send 'em back. That's fucked up. Right. So I, we have obviously we have to do better. Yeah. And there used to be a program where families got to sponsor somebody that was coming over back In the day. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know where that is or what's going on. That Would just be cool because then you as a person that's already, that lives here or is a citizen here, you feel like you have a connection to that. you know, it's like, that's How my grandparents got in the country. Yeah. They came over from the Ukraine and all over the fucking place. Right. It was either, either be killed where they were or get your ass over here. Right. Right. I just think we're at a tough space in this country where it's like, people are struggling with addiction. People are struggling with home ownership. We're dealing with, you know, less marriages than ever.


Like the family unit is broken. People are scared, you know, a a, a person can't care about their kids because they have to fucking work all day. Or they can, but it's just hard to manage and Well, How do you think you fix that? I don't know. And I think it's a lot to think that one person could be the person that does it. And I don't even know how you as a, as a leader say you need the help from the people. 'cause they're already stressed at that's What a leader supposed to do. Right. Right. That's the whole job. Right. That's why I turned on Trump because he didn't pay attention to those details. It wasn't like he had a team that was like, I got this guy to do this. I got this guy to do that. And even now, who else?


Who else? Well, he has at least he, I do like that he brought in Bobby Kennedy Jr. you know? Yeah. I'm not A big Bobby Kennedy. You're not. No, not at all. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause of the healthcare shit. I like his stuff on unprocessed foods. Right. I think that's legit. In fact, one of my buddies, Todd Wagner, one of my partners, this whole thing is unpro, you know, getting rid of unprocessed foods. He helped sign a law in California to get all these dyes and shit out. So I'm, I'm in agreement there. Yeah. That's one thing I love about him and clean water, just trying to clean up the environment. you know, I'm cool with that. Yeah. Those are the things that I love. Those are the things that I only really know that he does. Yeah. Of co I got no problem with that side of him. Right. The whole vaccine thing. I think that's, he's misguided on that. But that, that's, that's what makes him market. Right. Right. That that's okay. People can disagree And you need somebody to say, this is di you needed a, you needed, so, because half of America was like, this feels like we should just let it, it's not that dangerous.


We should let it figure itself out. And nobody was even allowed to say that. It felt like, say what? That, that this feels like a, that during covid, this just feels like something that we need to let it run its course through people instead of like going this in. This such a, like a kind of almost felt like a communist route of like locking everything down, you know? Yeah. I mean, look, and we Don't have to go into that. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was responsible for 20,000 people coming into a Mavs game, and if somebody would've died because I didn't want them to be vaccine vaccinated, then you got sued too. None of that I would've felt like shit for the rest of my life. Yeah. Right. So just different. Yeah. So everybody can have different perspectives on vac I was provax. Yeah. I was provax.


Yeah. I don't know what I was vax on it. I don't know. I, I mean, I guess, I guess I was probably anti, I dunno if I was anti-vax, I just felt like, like they suddenly shut down all of the AA rooms and shit, and that killed so many people. Yeah, that's tough. They couldn't go get meetings and you're like, I can, Can't consume everything. Yeah. You Right. They're like, I'm gonna die because I'm an addict and I don't, my worries. Yeah. My brother's 17 years sober, so I went through all that shit with him. Right. Yeah. So I I can Yeah. Not having some of that. I, so I just think that the way that it was all handled felt like, look With everything, look, when it's Easy to look back at It. Yeah. Right. You think you can look at everything differently. Right. Because in hindsight, everything's 2020. Yeah. Right. But when you're in the middle of it and people are fucking dying, it's scary as fuck.


Yeah. Yeah. And, but that's the difference between leadership, like going back to leadership. I mean, you nailed it. Nailed it. You need leaders. Right. And leaders may not be able to do everything themselves personally, but you gotta have people around you. I agree. That can do it. And, and that's where I think Trump is fucked up. Yeah. You don't hear a lot about who he's gonna get to help him with each thing. And A lot of it's because the people who he used before all turned on him. Right. All his cabinet members, 40 out of his 44 cabinet members said, we ain't voting for him. Right. We don't think he's qualified to do this job. And you know, so healthcare, you hear V Vance mention some things, but what else? Right. Deportations, you hear Donald say he's gonna do it, but how?


Right. Can you name one thing that Donald said, how he's gonna do it? Yeah. Yeah. I think, well, I think that's another thing that even on the, on the Kamala side, it's like I wish there were remorse. Some 'em specifics about the policies. It's almost like they could both use a tuneup in some of that area. For sure. You know, now, you know, we got 45 days or whatever it is to find out from Kamala what she's gonna do. I'm pushing them to get as much detail out. Right. I talk to their team three, four times a week via text. Oh wow. Yeah. Via text. Right. And I give 'em shit when they deserve shit. Right. And I'll say what I think and they listen though. Right. They may not agree all the time, but they'll listen. Yeah. And so I know, like when I talk to our team, they're like, okay, we gotta talk to the policy director of this or that.


Right. Healthcare, we're gonna talk about, you know, independent pharmacies going up. Okay. We have a group that is, that's looking at healthcare in general. Let, let us get your feedback and go, like, I was talking to them the other day on Amazon. Did, you sell anything on Amazon by chance? I never, I bought stuff on there. Yeah. But never, okay. So like little comp like Shark, I found this on Shark. Tank. Right? So little companies that make headphones, right, they get knocked off a lot. A lot. Right. So you come up with an idea to do something, blood set, sweat and tears. You put it on Amazon. Some fuckers in China are like, I make that shit. Right. I'm gonna go on there and just knock, knock it off. Right. And sell it there. And as a little company, it's, it's hard.


It's not impossible, but it's hard to get Amazon to take it down, particularly on a timely basis. And so they lose, you know, they can lose half, 75% all of their sales to these knockoffs. Right. And so I said to them, you know, hey, here's what I learned from these companies. Right. Amazon isn't the good partner they used to be for these little companies. Can we do something together? Can I put something together? Like Yeah. Put something together for us, because you're right, we need to do it. It's not right that China's knocking off some of our smallest entrepreneurs, even big entrepreneurs Right. And stealing their business. So it's not about tariffs, it's about, okay. So I proposed to them, can we get these Chinese companies to register before they're allowed to sell on Amazon? Get them to put up like a 20 5K bond in case they rip off people.


There's some money there for every product they sell. You're gonna sell headphones. Right. Post it up just like, like a patent. You have to post your patent before it gets approved. Yeah. Right. Do the same, almost like you have to put your rating in the restaurant window or Whatever. Yeah. Right. Same type of thing. Right. So post whatever it is you're going to sell and put up five grand for it. Right. Again, in case you violate ip, that's revenue for the country that protects our small independent businesses. Right. And it protects us against China, who, you know, they don't care about IP all the time. Right. And they were like, great idea. We have a policy team to look at that stuff for us. Right, right. That's the big difference. Right. So we don't have all the details yet, and I think that's not as good as it should be, but hopefully we'll get all those out in policy papers and everything and get some details.


I haven't even seen who Trump is gonna turn to for details. So you feel like with the Democratic party that with Kamala's group, that there's more organization a Lot more and a lot more details paid attention to. Got it. Right. And I think that's important. Maybe there's people that Donald has put together and we just don't see it. But you don't think there is. Who do you think is gonna Well, thanks man. I, I, yeah, I, I, I like talking about that stuff. Sometimes I get kind of scared to talk about it, I guess because some, some things I don't know. And everybody doesn't, nobody knows everything. Nobody knows Shit. Can you know, big picture. Right. Do you think, who do you think will win? I have no idea.


I know. Isn't that fucking crazy? Crazy. Do you think we still have a fair election process in this Country? Yes, absolutely. You do? Yeah, absolutely. Awesome. Yeah. That's my biggest fear, is just that we don't have one. And that, that, I think, and when you start to, that's one thing it gets really weird because you start to think that since other things seem kind of like lobbyists are involved in everything, and there's, you know, BERNIE SANDERS was saying, we have more more lobbyists than we have Yeah. Reps and senators That I believe. Right. Like He said, there's three lobbyists for everyone. It's like, well then what, what are, where's the, what's the real government? It almost feels like the lobbyist book becomes real government. So like, but then you start to just so I finish Mark just, but then you start to, you start to think that if that all that feels so compromised, is the voting compromised?


Yeah. I mean, you don't think it is No. As a geek. Yeah. And having looked at a lot of this stuff, I mean, I'm not the ultimate geek in all this, but yeah. I'm, I'm pretty confident. And plus they've been sued a thousand times. All the, all the, the states that Trump questioned were audited and had recounts and notice he didn't question the states he won. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a good point, huh. Right. So it's not like he didn't trust it. Right. He just, and I remember going, I, I got invited by Clinton to one of the early debates in 2016. and he was talking then about how the election wasn't gonna be fair. So one of the coolest books I ever read was about a guy named Roy Cohen.


Right. And I don't know If, you ever heard of the McCarthy trials in the fifties where they were calling everybody a communist? Yeah, I Remember. Yeah. And so I did a movie, actually, executive produced a movie called Goodnight, and Good luck got nominated for six Academy Awards. Oh yeah. George Clooney. It Was George Clooney. Right. And it was all about that. Well, Roy Cohen was Donald Trump's mentor. And Roy Cohen, who, it was the guy who was defending the people saying, you're communist. You're a communist. Right. And his, his approach was deny, deny, deny, deny. And it's your fault. It's your fault, it's your fault. And they're out to get me. Everything Donald is doing is Roy Cohen, part two. So you feel like that's a lot of his motivat that a lot of approach His template. That's his, yeah, that's his template. Great. Yeah. That's the right word. Template. Yeah. And I think a lot of people feel like the, the, it's also against them that they'll fucking throw a wrench into the, just to Fuck it up further.


Right? Well, no, just because it's like, let's, we'll fire anything at, you know, it's like I think there's a lot of that mentality is that he's not a politician, so you're Going after him. So it's better than having a politician in there because the politic, 'cause the political landscape has gotten. So I would agree. Look, look, when Biden was running, I feel differently about Kamala, but when Biden was running If, you had a non MAGA Republican running, I would probably vote for them. Right. I'm, you know, I just, and you nailed it, right? You said socially liberal. Fiscally conservative. Yeah. The whole, the whole gangster thing. I think that's just wrong. Yeah. Like when I was a little kid, I used to go with my buddy Jay, and his dad was a numbers collector, you know.


And so we would go Oh really? Yeah. When he had this Little jazz plus three dude. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Always. No, this is like, I'll take number seven, right? Oh, with Horses? No, no, no. Just literally numbers. So back in the day, the mafia basically in Pittsburgh and everywhere, they would allow you to pick a number. I don't know, out of how many, you like one to 20, you pick a number and you bet. Right. And each number had different odds. And if your number came up, you got paid. It was more like ruled. That was it. Yeah. That was more like, we call it numbers, right? Right. It was like Roulette. But somebody came and told you what the number was. Yeah. They just posted the number and that was it. Right. And they knew what you would bet. And If you didn't pay up. Wow. Right. Not that they were him, but they were just my, my buddy's dad used to sit there with a little, you know, little souvenir baseball bats.


They give a games a little tiny one. Pap, pap pap. And it was cool as shit. Sitting in his, you know, 1968 Buick Riviera. I thought it was badass as hell at the time. But yeah. Collecting numbers, dude, that's cool. But the gangster shit, right? Yeah. Once a gangster, always a gangster. And when it comes time to dealing with stuff, it's self preservation first. That's the number one rule. Being a gangster, isn't it? you know, stay outta jail, keep your shit going. That's not putting the country first. Well, yeah, the problem is it feels like the country hasn't been first for a long time. And so people want a gangster, so that's why I understand. I Understand too. Right. Yeah. You explained it better than anybody. Right. The way you said it to me was the only thing that I've been told.


Okay. I can get that. Right. you know, or like my buddy who said, I'm tired of voting for politicians, I get that, but I don't know if that's who Donald Trump is these days. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, it's interesting. That's why it's, you know, it's fun to talk about and think about. It's fun. Yeah. No, hey, just to have a good conversation. Yeah. Yelling, No screaming. And I totally respect your thoughts and I respect a lot of your insights too. And vice versa. And vice versa. Yeah. you know, a hundred percent. Yeah. And I would love to be able to have her on, they reached out like last week about it. Oh, cool. And so we've been, Who reached out? Do you know? I'm not sure. I'll to check with my buddy Zach, you know, but, Or just email me who reached out and I'll find out. But it'd, But it'd be, I'll put in a good word for You. Yeah. It'd be interesting, you know, just to, I think 'cause the toughest thing as like a regular person who just can go vote.


It's like you've just, even more these days, you wanna try and figure out who is this person? you know, you obviously have a lot of like thoughts and creativity and you've had success. Do you feel like running for office? Have you thought about it? Fuck no. I've thought about it. Yeah. Yeah. I even looked into it. Yeah. But it's not gonna happen. Right. All the shit that they're going through. Right. Like, you just even mean on a human basis. Yeah. On A human basis. Like why would I put my family through that? Right. Right. and we, cause plus I can have an impact. Right. And I just think I can do more outside than inside. So you, and I'm just not good at, you know, all the formalities and all that shit. you know, you're not, I mean, showing up at a state dinner in jeans and a T-shirt isn't gonna work.


you Know? I don't know. I think people would love it. That would be me. Oh, I just think people would love that. Yeah. My wife would kill me. What Did? you ever ask her what she thought? Yeah, they, my family voted no. No, you sat 'em down. Yes. Ford And one. Yeah. Sat 'em down. They Ford no one. Yes. Oh man. Did, you even try to lobby one of 'em to even help you a Little. Well, my, my son got into it a little bit, but he was only like 13 at the, at the time, so, and was annoyed. Oh damn. Yeah. I guess what, what moments or what, what, what is it the part of you that makes you feel like you want, would wanna do or could do it? Because I just wanna do the right thing. Right. you know, if there's a deep state, I don't need anything from anybody.


Right. Right. You can't buy me. Right. And I try to be smart about things. I, I'm curious and I like to learn. I wanna listen and, and be open-minded. And I think I've got approaches that have worked for me in the past, but also are getting results now. you know, like the cost plus drug stuff. I, I know how to change industries. Whether it was the streaming industry, HDTV, you know, movies, whatever it is. Any industry I've gotten into, I've managed to kind of bubble to the top. Yeah. And, you know, and I also know, you know, to trust smart people, to partner with people who know shit that I don't know how to, you know, how to compliment my skill sets. I mean, I maybe I'd be too honest about the whole thing, but I, I think I could do a good job, but there's just no way I'm putting my family through that.


Right. Just, just, So that's why maybe If, you had an extra 15 years in your life, you would think about it. Yeah. But they're still my family. Right, right. And it's like, like it's a lot. Yeah. I mean, with c, when Clint was president. The worst he did was try to smoke dope. Yeah, right. you know, and Obama was, and He got that Hummer too. Yeah. Right. Well, yeah, but that was after the fact. He they was already in. Right. Yeah. He, but Yeah, I mean, and was that, I mean, who knows? Look, I think if you're the president, but he was married though. Yeah. That was why, Whatever it was. Right. Yeah. you know, to get elected, all you had to do was say, I didn't inhale. Right. I know shit's totally different now. Yeah. Shit's way different. you Know, you got pictures. Yeah. Your kids were here, you were there doing this, doing that.


It would put your family through. Brutal. Yeah. Brutal. So that's a big reason really. Do you think that keeps a lot of people out of it? Yeah, For sure. Wow. For sure. Like it is, it's a scrutiny. It's that media scrutiny that they had. I mean, look at Kamala, right? She was 30 years old fucking a dude. Older. Right. Or young. She's in her twenties. Yeah. Montel Jordan or something. Whatever. Right. Just having fun. If it was, if me and you, we'd be like, let's go party with Kamala Montel. Right. Let's go. Go, let's go. Right. And now, you know all the shit she goes through and, and that's not bad. Right. But imagine that, you know, she doesn't, you know, and even like her stepdaughter, the one who was a little, you know, that has all the tattoos and shit that they were giving shit to. Oh, I haven't seen her. Yeah. Only Because, oh wait, I did see her.


Yeah. They gave her shit because Yeah, like how she looks. Yeah. Yeah. The tats and everything and all that and whatever. Right. I don't remember all the details. Well, yeah. And remember the Baron Trump stories came out. He has autism and he has syndrome, whatever. Right. Whatever. You're like, what are you talking about? But I'll tell you this, when I went to the White House to visit Donald, you know, he was rambling around talking About, this is when he was in, in office. Yeah. And this like 2019, he's like, da, da da da. and we were talking, trying to talk about healthcare, but he went off in a bunch of different stuff. and he goes, are you still on that show, shark? Whatever? I'm like, yeah. He goes, Baron loves that show. I'm like, tell Baron. and he goes, that, that's his favorite show. I'm like, tell Baron thanks. And then I'm walking out. He goes, wait. I'm like, what? He goes, that suit looks really good on you.


That's who he is. Right. He is gonna give compliments like that and shit like that. Yeah. What was I gonna, oh, let's, I wanna talk about your, your, the drug company started Customers drugs.com. Okay. Yeah. Because yeah, one of the toughest things is that people pay more. Well first you, you tell me what's the best order for this, because we talked about like the insurance, the scam that goes on between hospitals and insurers and regular people. And then can you explain that to me? Sure. And then tell me how your drug helps. So where we, how the company Helps? Yeah. So where we fit in all that. Okay. Right. Okay. So there's insur, well that's the best way to explain it. There's drugs that you take and then there's what they call providers, the hospitals you go to.


Right. Okay. So the hospitals you go to is the provider. The Provider. Right. And then there's the payers, which are the insurance companies. Okay. Right. And the insurance companies try to do deals with the providers, but they're not always up and up. Right. The provider, it's not the providers, it's just the insurance companies have all the leverage because they have the money. Right. And hospitals are just trying to get all the business that they, they can get. And so there's all these games and arbitrages that are played over and over and over again. But what I think people don't realize is almost everybody with healthcare. Like where do you get your healthcare? Or do you just self-pay? Or do you have insurance?


I have health insurance Through, do you know, I'm not sure, but it costs $400 a month. Okay. So it's probably the a CA. Right. The Obamacare. But you have a deductible. And, what, let's just say for the shits and giggles, that's $2,000 deductible for the hospital. Even though this insurance company is gonna pay anything above 2000, you're responsible for that $2,000. Right. And the hospital, like is already not gonna get paid on 50% of deductibles. And so that's why you get a lot of this bad debt. The insurance companies don't pay for the whole thing, and they plan everything so they don't have to pay for the whole thing. Mm. And that creates a lot of medical debt.


And so there's a medical Debt that the hospitals owe That No, that that the individuals with the deductibles. I see what you're saying. Right. Because they can't afford to pay their deductible. Got it. Right. And so, you know, you have some disease and you can't afford your deductible, which is 2000. It doesn't matter that it covers above 2000. Right. Because you can't pay the first 2000. Ah. Right. So that puts, that puts people in a lot of fucked up situations. And even hospitals, the providers in situ bad situations because a big part of their revenue isn't getting paid. Right. And here's the insurance company not giving a fuck. Right. They're just saying, that's your problem, not mine. Right. Right. I'll pay you what I think I owe you maybe. Right.


And so all that, the insurance companies put pressure on the hospitals, the providers, the doctors, and the doctors then put pressure on the patients. That's where it's all fucked up. Right. And so what we're pushing for with the Harris campaign and in general is a lot of that happens because there's no transparency. Nobody knows what the contract is with between the insurance company and the hospitals. Nobody knows what the contract is between the insurance company and your employer. And so as a result, the biggest companies have the most leverage and can fuck with everybody. Yeah. And that's where things go bad. So what I'm saying is, If, you make every insurance contract and provider contract public, then all of a sudden people can understand just That's called power to the patients.


You familiar with them? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's a group out there called Power to the patients can buy shit. Yeah. That lobbies to, for price, that you have to know how much an MRI costs when you go to get it. Right. So that, that way if the hospital says the MR MRI costs $700, then the one down the street's gonna have to say it costs six 50 and they're gonna have have to start compete to compete. Right. Right. And they're gonna have to start to compete. Right. And there's an executive order that says there have to do that. Right. And that was a good thing that Trump did, but it wasn't enforced by the Biden administration. Well, 'cause the penalty is only like a thousand dollars a day. Ah, So, so they'd rather pay the penalty. Right. Right. And so like I, I, I funded a study that had people call the hospitals to see if they can get those cash prices. Yeah. Right. And a lot of 'em didn't even know, a third of 'em didn't even know what the cash prices were.


Right. Wow. So, so they're not being instructed is that It's not, yeah. They just don't know. Right. 'cause that's not, they don't care. That's not a big part of their business. Right. They want to get all the money from the insurance companies. So anyways, circling around to what we do, right? So I got a cold email, just like Thomas, the pizza guy got a cold email from a guy named Dr. Alex slash Maki. and he said that there are a lot of generic drugs that were in short supply and kids can't get their medicine and this and that. And I'm like, well, what can we do about that? and he is like, well I wanted to do this thing called a compounding pharmacy where we can make those drugs. Right. And so, and he's like, I, so you Wanted to start a compounding pharmacy so you guys can make those Drugs, make those drugs that are in short supply. I'm like, that's cool, but it's not thinking big enough.


So I'm like, let me look at the pharmaceutical industry and the drug industry and see why so many people can't afford them and what's going on. So I looked at it and it was really obvious, really fast that there's no transparency, right. Because nobody, you know, just like you don't know when you go in, you know, for your MRI, like doctor says, Theo, you need this medication. You have no clue what the price is going to be. The next question always, what pharmacy are you using? Right? They're not saying can you afford it or anything. Right. Right. So we decided to create this company called cost plus drugs.com and If. you go to cost plus drugs.com and put in the name of a medication and we don't have 'em all, we have about 2,500. We'll show you our cost, our actual cost that we actually pay for it.


And then we mark it up 15% and then there's $5 shipping and handling to send it to you. And then $5 for our pharmacy. Or If, you pick it up locally, it's $12. So the pharmacist makes money. And because of that, because of that transparency and only marketing up 15%, our prices are dramatically lower. And when the insurance companies are trying to rip people off, like there's a drug called Imatinib and If, you don't come to us. Or some of the better pharmacies, smaller pharmacies, you might get charged $2,000 a month. For us it might be $21 a month. I had a buddy who takes his drug, Dr. dopa, and I didn't know what the fuck it was. Right. A friend of ours emailed me and said, Landon can't get this because it Dr.


Dopa. Yeah. I don't know what it's, it sounds like a drug. Right. Sounds Like a free safety for Alabama Too. Right. Right. And so he was like, he can't, you know, he lost his insurance and they're gonna charge him $10,000 every three months. I'm like, that's crazy. Crazy. So I'm like, let me see what we can get it for and go ahead, go to cos plus drugs.com and put in Dr. dopa and $64 for the three months. And yeah, you don't need to show that part. Yeah. Go To, Yeah. So go to see all medications and then dxi. dopa. Now it's $14. Put some Nick Orette on there, dude, you can sell the lights out of it.


Drops it up. So now it's $14. So you guys, because you're able to make the drugs yourself. No, we, 'cause we're able to buy them in volume and because we only mark 'em up 15%. Well why isn't our own government do that to help us then? Well, They're starting to now. But see, the problem was we publish our prices and we put out a price list before we came along, nobody else did. So you're creating the fact that other people are now gonna have to do that. Right. So now people see our prices and they're like, okay, millions of people are just going to cost plus drugs.com. Right. And the doctors are like, fuck Rocko, DOPA $14 instead. This other place wanted 3000 plus a month. We're going to cost plus drugs com. Are all your drugs cheaper? I'd say 99% of 'em are. Yeah. Got it. Every now and then there's one where we're not cheaper, but every time we get, as our volumes go up and our prices go down, we pass it on.


So literally we've lowered our prices on every weekday since last August, I guess it's been over a year now. We've lowered our prices. We've had some drug that has come in that we've been able to lower the price on. Wow. So anybody out there, you, your mom, your dad, your aunt, your uncle, your grandparents. Right. Whatever drug you take, if you're paying, you know, more than 15 bucks out of pocket, go to cost plus drugs.com, put in the name of it and see if we're cheaper. I mean, literally it's crushing it. Right? That's all it does. That's all it takes to check it out. That's it is just to go there and do it. You just, You just do it. Right. So like If, you have a deductible. We might be cheaper than your deductible and it's cheaper to pay cash with us. Now can people run into problem, say if they're not supposed to get certain drugs, is it easier to get those drugs through you guys?


No. No, no. You still have to have a prescription and we like Percocets or whatever, something down. No, we don't do any controlled substances at all. Okay. Yeah. Huh. Wow, man. But how does our government, how does the government allow you to be able to do that? Well, they can't stop me. Right? Because it's just free market stuff. There's, they like it. I'm glad that it's happening. No, they Like it. Right. So now I'm talking to the Harris campaign and I'm saying, look, if we just do this transparency, you guys can buy the same way we do. Right? And so there was a thing from the FTC who went after all these things called these pharmacy benefit managers and just threw 'em under the bus and sued 'em. But they used our prices. Right? Now there's research in The, in the lawsuit. Yeah. Yeah. There's research from like Vanderbilt and Har Harvard saying if the government, if Medicare bought at our prices, they would save billions of dollars a year.


Right. I mean, literally immediately, if some, there's people out there that are struggling with their prices, what they pay, they switch to us, they're gonna save a fuck ton of money And they can just do that. But it's their own choice. They don't need their doctor's approval to, Well, they need to get a prescription to send to Us. Okay. So let's still need a prescription. Right. You still need to get, But the doctor doesn't determine where they just usually say what your local pharmacy, 'cause that's Their practices. Right. And so you just say, you know, send it to cost plus drugs.com. Yeah. So in the system that the doctors use to create the prescription, it lists us there and they just click on it and it's easy. Wow. Yeah. No, it's insane. It's insane. Like literally, we only started June, I mean January 19th, 2022. So we've only been around a little bit more than two and a half years and we're just changing everything.


Is it publicly traded or No, No, no, no. It's probably, damn I funded the whole thing. Damn. No, because I don't wanna have to worry about making people money. Yeah. Right. Because we're losing money now. Not that much actually now. But it's more important for me to fuck things up. Right. And change. Oh, So you like the fact that you're changing the Oh fuck Yeah. Yeah. Industry. Fuck yeah. I love That. No, no. 'cause to me that's always the most fun, right? Oh yeah. So you got all the, I mean the healthcare industry, right? If you know, what's the one thing you want to go down in history for? I fucked up the healthcare industry. Yeah, right. Yeah. I made it so people could afford their, their healthcare, their medication. And so, and you know, that's what we're doing with pharmaceuticals and medications. We're also working on cost plus wellness, which will deal with and kind of push out those insurance companies because most people like get their healthcare through their employer.


And most employers, particularly the big ones, self-insure, meaning they pay for all the costs out of pocket. And they don't realize how the, the employers, the CEOs of those companies don't realize how badly they're getting ripped off. And so we're in out there working on new programs now so that those employers will figure it out. We're, we're starting with my companies and then we'll extend it out to other companies. Yeah. It's just crazy that I feel like it just needs overhauls of things, you know? And it's not That hard. This is like, this is the easiest industry I've ever disrupted. 'cause all we had to do was publish our price list. Right. 'cause everybody else was hiding everything. Right. You talked before about shit happening behind the scenes. Well, yeah. 'cause you go into the doctor, you, you go into the hospital, you sign something that says, I'm gonna pay whatever you, Whatever you want me, you charge me.


Yeah, For sure. And then you assume they're gonna charge you the amount that the fairest amount 'cause they are, they're fucking hospital. They're supposed to take care of you. You would think so. Right? And then they don't, they charge you because they want Whatever they can. But Why do they do that? Because they're getting fucked by the insurance companies. Got it. Right. And they know that If, you complain about the price, they'll reduce it. Right. So, but then you have to, you're already sick now you have to spend all this, the next 17 weeks, horrible weeks of your Life's Right. Dealing with that shit. Right. Arguing with someone who's been trained how to argue against you. Exactly. Exactly. Right. That's what we're Fuck in another country most of the time. Actually some of it's here, a lot of medical building is here. Yeah. But then you and then No, if you're calling in Yeah. And it's over there.


Yeah, for Sure. But then they feel ho then the, the person arguing against you, the person who the employee feels horrible 'cause they know that they're, they're Fucking you over. They're fucking you over. But they're just trying to make their money to Go. So from the hospital side of it, right. The hospital has to have way too many employees to deal with the insurance company. And the insurance company says, okay, we know this is what we're supposed to owe for when Theo took his kid in there. Right. But we're not gonna pay you the full amount If. you don't like that Sue us. And then they sue them. So now they have to have a shit load of doctors. Right. So what we're saying is we're going to these places and saying, we're gonna do a contract, we're gonna do just cash. Right. So there's no fucking around with the insurance companies. And we're gonna publish all the contracts so that everybody can compare notes and figure out the best way to do it. Yeah. Well that was, I mean there was an executive order that said that they have to do that.


Right. But it's not being enforced. Well, They do a little bit, but like, like we said earlier, they not At a level where it's helping where people are like, they should have a commercial. The government should buy a commercial every week that runs a hundred times. That says right now you have to Trump administration announced historic price transparency requirements to increase competition and lower healthcare costs For all America. Yeah. They said, so they said, I think for a hundred of the most, this Is something not good that Trump did. No, it's Good. No, I'm not saying Trump did everything bad. Right. But this is one of the good things he did. But yeah, this is one of the things, I think the back then it was a hundred of the top services. Now it's 500 I think. And it'll, so it's growing. It's growing that that has to do it. Right. But how do we enforce it that it's not being enforced?


Well, So it's not so much enforcing that. Right. Because if they put up shitty prices, it doesn't matter. If, you show prices that are too expensive for everybody. you know, it doesn't matter. And so you wanna be able to have the whole, the, the whole contract published so that everybody who's responsible for paying not only sees that price, but how it got to that price. Right. And then people can create software and apps and this and that. That can truly help you because most people do have some kind of insurance. Right. Like only 11% of people don't. Or they have high deductible plans. And If, you have a high deductible plan. You don't quite know what you're gonna end up paying out of pocket anyways. Got. Even if they tell you that it's only 750 for the MR MRI or 250 for the MRI.


Right. So that's, that's an important part of it. But it's not much of it. Yeah. It's just interesting. It's just tough that you have to figure out, how am I getting screwed all the time? It's brutal. It's brutal. But that's the opportunity for me. Right. Because Paul Revera pills, we'll call you dude. Yeah, let's go dude. That's good. A couple quick questions before you get outta here, man. Why Did you sell the Mavs? Just some people know Kids. It was time, more time with my family. It was just, you know, and the fact that to compete, which probably was as important to family, in order for me to compete, you gotta generate more revenues. And when it was technology and media, I knew that shit cold.


But now it's like building casinos, building, you know, you see what happens with the Titan Stadium and all the shit they put around it. Right. That's not me. I'm not a real estate guy and I don't want to have to learn, I don't want to have to put up $2 billion to figure out if I'm doing it right or not. And so I brought in a great partner, Patrick Dumont and the Adelson family, who are big Trump supporters. And so they, they're just better at it than I am. And so I thought that put the Mavs in a better position and it didn't suck that I got all that money. Oh, selling it you mean? Yeah. Yeah. That's nice. I mean, it's still on 27% and I'm still involved, so. Got it. It's a win-win. Was there another team that you wanted to buy recently? What about A-W-N-B-A team? No, not, not really. 'cause it was more about just spending more time. Like, So, so that's just another, yeah.


'cause there's A lot of pressure. Right. Because if I wanna do it, I wanna win. Right. And I still, like I said, I own 27% of the Mavs and that's still Right. That's fun. Yeah. That's still big time. That's enough fun. Yeah. How much Did you pay in fines during your NBA time? Three, four, 5 million? I, yeah, I have no idea. What Was your biggest fine Fuck? I think it was $600,000. So I grew up, like I told you, I grew up in Pittsburgh and my biggest basketball crush was Julia Irving, Dr. J. Right. And so he had me, oh wait was, oh, that was, you know, that was bigger. Right. Okay. So we rested these guys. See, I forgot I said seven 50. Yeah. So I forgot about this one. And so the end of two seasons ago, we, we weren't gonna make the playoffs and we rested our best play players.


And even though every other team had been doing it, they fucked with me and fined me for 750 grand. Damn. Because why? 'cause fans are coming. The best players should be on the court. No, Not necessarily. I mean, 'cause like when a team is bad, they will do what they can to get a better draft pick. 'cause that's how you're gonna get good. Right. Oh, I See what you're Saying. So we weren't gonna do it. And they said we waited too long. Right. Like, other teams might tank halfway through the season. They might tank three quarters of the way. But because we did it with three games left, they thought that was wrong. I was pissed when I got that one Dude. TI would've been Jesus Christ. I would've been pissed and sleeping outside. I, 'cause I, I would've, yeah, I would've been living outside then. Was there one player you always wanted to get that you couldn't get? I mean, I was like, Shaq.


Like Shaq, my guy. Shaq was like, come get me. Come get me. Yeah. I have a house in Dallas. Come get me. I'm like, I tried Shaq. Oh. That've been fascinating having Shaq over there. I've heard you talk about crypto a lot. Yeah. Do you think it's a big part of our future? Or do you not think? I think it can be. I think we don't know for sure yet. Okay. I think on one hand, Bitcoin is like the new gold, right. Because it's easy to own, it's easy to use apps to deal with it and everything. And I think that's a huge plus as opposed to gold where you've got, it's just more difficult to deal with. And ain't nobody gonna carry a brick of gold. Right. If shit hits the fan. Yeah. Right. Whatcha gonna do, Hey, this is my gold. I, you know, it's not gonna work. So I, A couple brothers might actually, dude, I know one of my dogs.


Oh really? Oh yeah. I know a couple dogs roll around with a brick maybe. But Yeah. But it's just gonna create controversy. Different kind of brick. Yeah. I'm talking about gold. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. But yeah, people would be trying to attack you for it and Stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So, so I see Bitcoin as having a, a good future. Right. I think for all, there's a lot of good reasons. I think Ethereum and some of the other ones are dependent on the applications built around them. So like, there's Defi, which is, has a real place so that people can easily trade, borrow loan money and make some money or save, you know, borrow money. I think that's been around a while and that works okay. But it's kind of a, a stable app. But we really haven't seen that app. That's like the Instagram app, right? Like when, when iPhones first came out or the, the app store first came out, right?


There was no one app. Right. Then Instagram came along. Snapchat came along and then the app store blew up. Right. There was apps. Apps, apps, apps. We haven't seen that one app that everybody has to use. Yeah. Not for, yeah. For crypto. And when that happens, it'll make it a lot more common. Right. That's a great point. I never really thought about that. What's something on the radars that nobody's seeing right now? People are talking about AI and ozempic prices and you know, women selling illegal ozempic outside of Vineyard Vines and all kinds crazy stuff's, happening's crazy. And people are talking about the border and politics and, but what's something that you think gets on your radar that's like a, a big issue that nobody's talking about? I think It's more AI than people realize. Yeah. Yeah. I think AI is gonna go a lot further.


I mean, as processing speeds go like that and the capabilities of AI go like that. The context wins all this other bullshit. Do you have you have a kid? I don't have any children. No. I thought you had one. I will have one one day, but I don't have any. Yeah. So I gotta get a wife. Yeah. First things first, right? Yeah. And so like if If, you just had a kid tomorrow, let's just say, right? And you start collecting all the videos and pictures and things and over time it turns into emails and texts. You're gonna put that all in AI. And your little kid when he's seven, eight years old is gonna have, you know, an invisible friend that's an ai. It's some crazy shit that's going to happen. Oh. Because it'll be all the information you'd want him to know or whatever you Want.


Yeah, exactly. Right. Right. And can talk to you when you're not there. Instead of them just going on Instagram or whatever. Snapchat, it's gonna be like, Like you could be, so say you could take like a, say there was like an orb that went in your child's room, like an actual thing you plugged in, like a thing, a fixture. And you could load in through ai, like put in these 20 books. This orb should have this knowledge of these books. Yeah. It won't even be an orb. It'll be somebody that looks like a somebody. Oh, I see what you're saying. So a actual figure could be even hologram Yeah. Of someone. And if my child has any questions, they can ask it. And now Fast forward 40 years where you're taking all the stuff about the the child. Right. Right. And so now, And putting that information as well, so he'll know how to best relate to the child. Even Specifically, he remembers all, every memory.


and he Right. I remember when we were at that Park, right. Or you know, tell me, when was that time I went with dad to there he is. Right? Yeah. And then when he hits 80 and dies or a hundred let's say and dies. Right? You've got that, that fake Joe. Little Joey, right. Who just died and lives forever. It's gonna be insane. So you'd be able to literally as you're laying in bed at night, you could turn your grandparents on, on the wall through some sort of a projector Machine and talk to 'em like they're still there. 'em for a hologram. Yeah. It's gonna be insane. Was there ever, I had an invention, dude, Did, you ever have an invention that you wanted to get done but you never had the time? Not really. 'cause I'm not that creative. Really? Yeah. I'm, I'm creative business wise.


But what's your, what's yours? I Used to think that they, like 15 years ago, I started thinking, well what if they had on your dashboard you could put in something like a CD or something and under your dashboard, a hologram, the band would perform on your dashboard. It'd be a little bit of a distraction, but it's cool. Be A little distraction. But I thought it'd be sewed up and you can make it over by the passenger Seat, Whatever. Yeah. But imagine if like a little boost here, something If. you can do that shit now. You can do that shit now. See, I'm just one, that was one thing I thought. And then I thought if they had a dog collars that, 'cause there's a dog that kind of howls behind my house a lot. If, you could synchronize 'em. You get the neighborhood or regional, you get 'em all the same collar and then Oh, That's a cool idea. They, they synchron it. Make them How So You put that together and come on, Shark, Tank then.


But like a, a dog organized, like a, you know, you could, they would do it like, so You know where he is at by the, the, so no, that's cool. Right? So If, you have a collar Like that dog and another dog down the street. The collar would have them both howl at the same time. So you would have almost like the whole Like a little symphony of dogs. A Symphony that's funny as fuck. Yeah. That's If. You can do that regionally. So you say you're on their porch, you're relaxing with your wife, you're sitting there in the swing and you could just put program a little, you know, that'd be cool. Some Beethoven and then the, all the hounds started, right. Heating up. Yeah. Oh, that's insane. That was a thought that I had. Right before you go, what's, if there's a young guy who's out there, what's the, what's the best advice you would look back and honestly give yourself, I know it's such a generic question, but we have a lot of young men on, on who listen to our podcast, who are curious about what's something they can do to hedge their bets for the future and, and to best take care of themselves.


Like, you know, find, I think like I was the same way. Like you always think, oh, this is not the job. Right. you know, this is not where I wanna be and I got fired or quit or did a bunch of jobs. Right. And I think if I were gonna do that again, I would try to be a lot, I try to be really good at all those jobs. Right. Because a, when you get really good at something that opens up doors for you. Right. Even if you're flipping burgers, right? If you're If, you're the best at it, someone's gonna recognize it. Right. And if it's not the boss you have right there and then like dude Fires you or whatever you're gonna, you're still gonna be good for the next one. Right? A Hundred percent. And When you learn how to be good at something, then you can learn how to be good at other things.


And then, 'cause the hard part really is finding something that you'd love to do that you can be great at. Right. Because you never thought you'd be doing podcasting, right? No. And you're great at it, but once you find it right, that's when the shit happens. Yeah. Yeah. It took me years to figure it out. It talk, it takes all of us years to figure it out. Right, right. you know, I Right. And give yourself some grace that you're figuring it out. Like You don't have to figure out shit when you're 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, you don't know shit. Just Don't get somebody pregnant and have fun. Right, right, Right. Don't get thrown in jail. Get some Yeah. Don't do shit that's going to, you know, hold you back. Right. But, you know, and then I'd add be curious, right. Because the more you learn, the more doors open up for you. Be agile. Right. Be able to, to you know, bob and weave when shit hits you.


Right. Because it's going to, you know, and again, If, you just can find something you can be really good at, no matter what it is. Nobody quits anything they're really good at. Hmm. That's a great line because That, that's when you get that satisfaction. I'm the best motherfucking whatever it is. Yeah. Right. And somebody's gonna wanna pay me because I'm the best. Yeah. Yeah. And somebody will And a lot. Yeah. Like, because you, yeah. Once you start having employees, you start looking for better employees in different spots. And then I bet it becomes a problem. People trying to poach your employees. Has that ever Happened? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Of course. Wow. And you just gotta, you know, try to connect with them better and you know, I mean, look, I'm horrible at hiring people and so I always try to get somebody who's good at it. 'cause I, I'm, I'm a softie, right?


Theo. Yeah. It's, you know, you Theo sells me on why he wants the job. You'll be great. Theo and then Yeah. you know? Yeah. I heard you say in an interview one time, you said get on the job, learn it for three months, do the, be the best fucking person at it. And then at six months If you are the killer at it. It might have been a sales job. Yeah. But go into your boss and say, I need a higher, higher percentage or I'm gonna, I'm out. I'm gonna do this on my own and Compete with you. Fuck. Yeah. Right. So you It's a good strategy. It's good. It's just good to have that mindset. If. you work hard, you can something. You can figure it out. And If you can learn to sell. You always have a job. Oh, selling so hard. It's not though like I always, like I started selling when I was like 12 years old. Oh yeah. Then you have it.


Yeah. And I always looked at it at like, okay, I'm just trying to help somebody, whatever, whatever. I got like I sold garbage bags door to door. I sold magazines and I remember, you know, Theo, look, I'm selling you this, all these five magazines for $10 a month. you know, when you tell your wife you spend $10 a month on the education and enjoyment of your entire family, that puts 'em in the position to get better grades at school. you know, she's gonna thank you for it. Yeah. And sign that shit up. Right. So If, you just look at it as helping somebody. That's a good point. Yeah, that's a good point. If, you don't think of it as I'm selling If. you believe in what you're selling too. Probably Helps. Yeah, that sure helps, right? Yeah. But you Could, you should sell a full alphabet up to there to people in Pittsburgh, dude. Because they're only using half of it up there, dude.


Oh, you gotta Love it. There's people up there only using half of it. Rumor you wanted to buy Fox News, is that gonna happen? No. That was all bullshit, right? It was. Yeah. Somebody asked me, If, you could, would you buy extra or Fox News? I'm like, I can't afford it. But if I could, I would. But yeah, I'm not trying now. That's bullshit. There's, there's a rumor that you wanted to build an entire city in Dallas, like a new city from scratch? No, No. I bought a city. Oh, you bought a city? I bought a town called Mustang, Texas. If. you got any ideas? Theo bring 'em on. Really? You got a whole city over there? I got a whole town. It's not a city, it's a town. It's got like no people. Right. But it's like 75 square miles or acres rather. And I got an idea, A dude I played basketball with was dying of cancer. and he said that his only real asset was this town.


It's the only personally owned town in the country, in the, in the state and one of the few in the country. And like old, old friend. And I'm like, okay Marty, I'll buy it from you. So it was like $1.9 million. So now I own my own own town. One of my other basketball buddies is like the mayor and goes down there and keeps it up to date and everything. So If, you got any ideas and people Live there, it's empty. No. And It's pretty much empty. It is. Yeah. There used to be a strip club that burned down and then we torre all that down. Wow. Do you lease it out for movie sets right now? I Would, but I haven't even really tried. Right. You gotta get it figured out. Yeah. Wow. Okay. I'm gonna keep that in mind then. What would I do with a dang town? I don't know. It's your daughter's birthday coming up, you said? Coming up? Yeah. Yeah. Nice.


Yeah. How old is she gonna be? She'll be 21. No, 21 in Nashville. It's gonna be brutal. Do You feel a responsibility to throw a big party for her? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's where I've taken advantage of, you know what I can take advantage of. So it's a little bit spoiling her, but she deserves it. Is she an I? Which, what's something you really love about her? She's just got a great spirit. She's feisty as hell. She's smart, she's loving. And she's got a sense, she's, she's got a sarcastic sense of humor, so she's always giving me shit. Right. Yeah. Which, which is cool. I like that. Yeah. Somebody's gotta give Mark Cuban shit. Somebody's gotta give us all shit. But That's what they say. That's what my kids always say. Someone's gotta give you shit. So That's all they do is give me shit.


Yeah, that's that's a pretty generic first statement too. Like, well, it doesn't have to be you. Right. Not my family. Yeah. Oh my God, dad, you're the worst driver. Dad. You're the worst. This dad, you're the worst guy. Oh my God. Oh, See, I gotta tell you, I enjoyed this. This is totally different than any other interview I've ever done. Yeah. Oh man. Really enjoyed it. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's cool to hear that you like being a dad, mark. Yeah, I love it. I love it. I appreciate it. Mark. Cuban, thank you so much for your time. Thanks Theo. Really appreciate it. Now I'm just on the feel, I'm like, I must be corner. Oh. But when that I can.