(0s):
Some new tour Dates coming up. Sioux. Falls. South. Dakota. LA. Cross and green. Bay. Wisconsin. Moline. Illinois, Colorado Springs, Colorado. Casper, Wyoming, billings, Missoula, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio. Champaign, Illinois, grand Rapids, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO. Uur. And thank you so much for the support. Today's guest has been entertaining humans and taking care of dogs for most of his life.

(41s):
And we're lucky to have been on the receiving end of some of that. you know him from Impractical Jokers. He has a new standup comedy special out on YouTube called Messing With People, as well as a new children's book called Wears Barry. I always enjoy my time and grateful to sit down with just a light of the world. Today's guest is Mr. Joe Gatto.

(1m 34s):
This I've never seen. This place was Awesome. Oh, you haven't been here before? Yeah. Never been here before. Yeah. Oh wow. It's Nice. Fantastic. Yeah. Sometimes you just forget where you've been or where. Yeah. Where you haven't even been. you know, You never know where you haven't been. Yeah. That's true. Huh? It's true. Good to see you today. You brought a little buddy. Huh? This This is Buddy. Yeah. Spa. Oh wow. One of my pups. One of the gato pups. And how is It's a man or woman? This is a woman. It's a woman. This is a woman, Okay. Yeah. This is spam. And how is she doing? She seems okay. Yeah, she's doing all right. Last time we spoke. She's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And she's good. She's, she one of my travel pups. She just comes on the, when I'm not flying a lot and I'm just on one or two and driving, she'll come with me, you know?

(2m 17s):
Yeah. Yeah. She's not a great flyer, but she loves to chill And yeah. She seems very calm. Yeah. In Japan, they were giving pills to a lot of those dogs and so they could take good, cool photos of him. You've seen the ones with their tongue hanging out. I know those, I have a lot of those kinds of dogs. 'cause I have a senior dog rescue and all their, all their teeth are out, so they just, yeah, they just hang out. That's weird. I didn't know they do a pill induced tongue out. Yeah. Put, bring that up. If the Japanese were, They're taking foot, they wanted the tongue out. So it was like, it made them like really, like thirsty or just, yeah. Yeah. I think It just nicotine in the mouth a little bit. It just like, you know, like that. Yeah. Like, Just gives you the right, like They lived in Baltimore kind of, you know, like some of these Baltimore hitchhiker like bring, bring that up.

(3m 2s):
If they were Dropping tongues out in Japanese, peeling up the dogs, There's a supplement. No, no, no. Were the Japanese giving pills to the dogs. That's right. I think that's a pretty good prop. Yeah. You're, you're just looking at medication Brother. Just looking at dog pills Or some of, they hide a lot of the good. You Google, they, yeah. That stuff, you gotta dig deep sometimes. Yeah. That's, they come back for it. That's not gonna be on the first results. No. Yeah, that's true man. We gotta learn to go deep. Dude. Sometimes the way that Google finishes your Did, you ever find that, like when you Put in something and the way the search engine finishes what you started is more interesting than what you were looking for.

(3m 43s):
You just, oh, what is this? And you click that. Yeah. That's really weird. Yeah. And all of them, it's always like gay. It's like Dead gay. Yeah. It's all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah, Dude. It's all that Shit's always ridiculous, man. Right. Good to see you, bro. Good To see you. It's been a minute, man. Yeah, it has been a minute. Last time we saw each other, we were on both in the same city on tour and we got some pizza. Yeah. In Milwaukee. Yeah, in Milwaukee. And pizza took forever. Remember forever I went back and got it. Yeah. That was, I think, I think we left. And you just went. Yeah. You went back later In the kitchen. I was like, lemme get this later. We ordered these pizzas and they gave it to us. Yeah. They owed us some pies, man. Yeah. Oh. Those people were, they did not want to give it up. And I'm like, well If, you don't wanna give out the food then don't be a restaurant.

(4m 23s):
Right, right, Right, right. This is your thing. This is what you do. Yeah. Like I was back there. He was eating. So he was back there eating too. The one guy. Yeah. Whenever we saw 'em. Congrats man. You got a new special out. A New special out. Yeah. Messing with People. Your first special. First special. Wow. Messing. With People. Yeah. It's really excited about it. It's out on YouTube and I was, it was great man. I toured with it for two and a half years and you know how it is, you don't want the content to just to go away. Super proud of it. Yeah. So I put it out there. It's Great. Was it when you guys In trouble? Come here, Smoy come. Come on up. Good girl. When you guys taped it, how many tapings Did you do? I did Two. Yeah. Two in one night. I did the Paramount in Huntington. Long Island. And it was, it was fun, man. Like it was the first one, you know, you get a little nervous.

(5m 5s):
Like it's all, and I wasn't used, the jib almost knocked me out like four times. 'cause I'm very physical on stage, running around, you know? So I ran to like the Sud and the jib was like right there. It was kind of like knocked out. But it was good. It was really Cool. Yeah. And the jib is like the camera. That's the camera that's on the, on the arm. Yeah. On the arm. Yeah. Oh, you forget. Right. That's for everybody at home. Yeah. Just because some people don't know, you know? Yeah. Some people don't know what's going on. Yeah. There you go. Right there. That's It. Yeah. Did some of the other jokers come out? Yeah, they came to the taping. Sal came to the late taping, I think. And then the next, I was working that weekend and then in Q came out and stuff. But yeah, it's good. They come and see me. I see them when they're on the road. It's, yeah, it's fun. We try to give each other the support.

(5m 46s):
you know how it's, Have you gone to one of their shows? Like, 'cause 'cause you don't, do you still do the touring show with them or no? No. Right. No. So I did, they just wrapped up their last tour and I came out on stage there. And then when they did Radio City, I popped out. That was really fun. That's cool. When I came to Radio City, it was so cool. It was really great. The place exploded. Wow. So it was really nice. Yeah. Yeah. Have you missed that aspect? 'cause they just came out with their last, their, the 11th season, right? Yeah. Of their show. Yeah. Yeah. Of jokers. Yeah. They're doing that now. They just wrapped shooting that one. I think they got another one. But yeah, I mean, you know, you're missing, you're missing with your friends. The hardest part for me is like, it's appointment friendship now. Right? Like, you gotta think about like, you used to see each other all the time. Oh yeah. And now it's like, you know, like I feel like I, you know, I haven't seen you.

(6m 28s):
And for Right. And when you see them, it's like they're working together or doing something. You're trying to find a time together. So that gets a little tricky. Yeah. you know, so, but everybody always asks you still friends, you know, I always tell people I no, I hate those guys. Like, I'll just say stuff to mess with people. People like, do you like them? I'm like, no, we don't talk anymore. I was saying for a while that Sal slept with my wife. That's why I left. It was so fun. He's like, dude, you gotta stop saying that's always gonna believe you. Yeah. But yeah, it's, it's good. We're still, we're still boys. Yeah. You just trying to see each other gets a little tricky. Yeah. I think that just gets trickier as you get older too. Yeah. Like just being an adult, it's like everything gets like more appointment. Yeah. That's why I miss like I, I, it's like you never know when you're in like high school and college and stuff like that, that those are gonna be like the greatest times because everybody is just there.

(7m 14s):
Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's, you're gonna bump the bump into factor of a college campus. Right. You might just bump into somebody on the way to the calf or something. Yeah. That's totally different. 'cause you're all enclosed like a community. It's like a cult almost. Like you're living on this, you know, this stockade thing. Yeah. Dude. That's one thing. It's like, but you don't realize that when you're there. like I, remember whenever I was like graduating high school or whatever, I was like, thank God I'm graduating. But then you don't realize that like 10 years later you'd do anything to go back and have one big full day of high school. Yeah, For sure you are. But there was some people you were looking forward to get rid of too. That was the bad part, right? That's the other side of it. Yeah. Like you're like, I cannot wait till I don't have to see this person again. Like the ROTC guys are, were really at our school, were very, they kind of acted like they were like a gang sort of, or whatever, you know, like those guys with the wooden guns, you'd see 'em after school or whatever.

(8m 1s):
Yeah. And they wouldn't even have like the part of the gun that like, had that bullets in it or something. They would just have like, It's like a glorified stick. Yeah, dude. Yeah. It was the right shape of a stick. Yeah. Yeah. And they would be running through the halls, like yell, like yelling different quadrants at each other and shit. Doing this stuff and signaling, you're like, guys, I'm getting to algebra. Get outta my way. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, we didn't have RTC at our school, but we definitely had different cliques. 'cause I went to an all-boy Catholic high school. So all-boy school definitely had like a different type of like clique Yeah. Set up kind of thing where you had your jocks and your athletes, which I was a proud leader of. Were you? Yeah. Yeah. Math guy. Yeah. So I was like geeky, but I was a bowler.

(8m 43s):
We talked about this just quickly. I was on the bowling team and stuff. So it was like a different thing. But then humor, like once, once people found you were funny in high school and you're with all dudes. I think it's a different thing. I think it's like, oh, you know, and then people like wanna be around you and having fun. So once my humor started coming out, it was a different animal. That Was so much fun. Yeah. Dude being funny in high. That was like the, yeah. I think that's what it was too. 'cause you always had an audience around. You always had like, yeah, everybody was right there. So you could make so many jokes. So much. And references. And like, you'd see each other in the hallway in between classes. And that was the weirdest thing. 'cause you had like one second where you were passing your buddy in the hallway and you got to just, you got a, A drive by.

(9m 24s):
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Dude, I, I was known for Pratt falling in high in high school. So I used to Pratt fall into my Spanish class every day. And Mrs. Lonzo, my teacher always thought it was this guy, Mike Gering, that was tripping me. And she would always give him detention on it. and he was like, dude, you have to stop. Stop. It wasn't me. And I was like, oh, he tripped me. you know, like that. So when I got my diploma, my mom knew that I was big and my mom was always like, you know, you have to be respectful. So when I'm getting my diploma and everybody's like, trip, trip, trip. Like they all want me to fall on stage. And my mother like threatened my life. She's like, If, you trip on stage. You're done. You're done. I was like, all right. I can't make my mom mad so I don't get it. Then I surprisingly get an award. I got an award. They were like, they were giving out these awards and one of them was, you know, some of the, and I look at my father and he goes, and I went up and I went, when I went to get the award on stage, I bid it and I like fell off the stage.

(10m 12s):
A place went absolutely nuts. It was so funny. I was like, that's the reason why I won that award. So I can have my moment. Yeah, That's class bro. Yeah. Yeah. I love That. That shit was so much fun, man. Is Yeah. You think about just, do you have friends from high school anymore? Yeah. Yeah. I'm still, yeah. That you keep in Touch with. Yep. I still got a, actually a pretty decent amount. I've always done a good job of like trying to call and connect every now and then, just see what's up, you know, with folks. But, or, or from definitely from high school and yeah. So I keep in contact pretty decently with some of them. Who's your oldest friend? My buddy. You have some, do you have somebody like from Trump? My Buddy Scott. From where we was like in second grade or whatever. Oh wow. Okay. This went to his wedding. He had a destination wedding.

(10m 52s):
Oh Yeah. We're on the same page. You mean a forced vacation for you? It is a, it was, yeah. Yeah. And then some people can't be there, you know that. And then they feel bummed out about it. For Sure. 'cause somebody had to miss it. And then both people feel bad. Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's two different, you know, schools have thought about it, you know, but because The other school of thought is what Like, it's like you're making a memory for everybody that can make it. Right. And you're making it more of like an event and you're spending your money. You might as well get this big memory out of it instead of being at a, you know, a hall hitting queens, you know, and spending all this money. But for me, I, I, we almost did it, but I just, at the end of the day, I feel like it's a lot.

(11m 33s):
It's a big ask. Yeah. Yeah. Did, You ever renew your vows? So after we got back together, my wife and I, we were thinking about doing that and then we just Did you guys Get divorced or No? No, we just got separated. You Got separated? Separated For two years and then Oh Wow. That's a long time. Yeah, it's a long time. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, I had never lived alone. So I was 47 years old for my first time living alone in an Apartment. Did, you get an apartment. An apartment. Yeah. Fuck yeah. No, If. you look If, you and your wife get separated. You have to get an apartment. You gotta get an apartment. You can't get a house. You can't get a house though. No. You're an do. You're in detention. No. You're Like, you're getting there. No, that's what, that was actually, the reason kind of like why we got back together was I had put a bid on bid in, on a house. 'cause it was like, okay, this is not happening.

(12m 13s):
And I was like, I'm a grown man, I'm not gonna live in this apartment. I needed a yard. I had my dogs. I'm like, I just didn't want, there was a fire drill in my building. I'm outside at 1130 in my robe. And so I was like, are you Joe? From my practice? I'm like, get the hell. Like, this is my life right now. So I was like, yeah. So I, I put a bid on a house and I didn't get it. Could you imagine you're gonna the fire drill of your a building and Joe is there in his bathrobe. I was like, With how many dogs? Two dogs in my arms. Like Cruela Jovi, you're just out there with a fucking million pups. So it was like, yeah. So it was rough. And then, so then I put a bit in on a house and I didn't get it. And then I was like, oh, I had to look at another house. And I said to her, I was like, oh, what about, I was like, I'm looking at this house. It wasn't too far from the kids. And she just went, do you wanna get back together?

(12m 54s):
And I just instantly, I just went, yeah, do you? And she goes, yeah. And that was the first time we said it out loud. We both weren't thinking we were going to, we afflicted on it after. And it just that moment. and we just, we were in a, I was doing a dog event in the city and we were waiting in a hotel room for the dogs to be ready. She was napping. I was working and then we just started talking for like four hours. Wow. And I said, okay, let's give it a couple months. I'm not gonna move back home. Let's make sure it sticks. Make sure we wanna do it. And it did all worked out. So then I came back home. But living alone was like so weird. I didn't even like hang stuff on the walls. It was so sad. It was like those white, fresh, freshly painted sheet rock. Oh yeah. you know? Yeah. like I hung like one picture and then I was like, I don't even know if I like that there, you know, it was just like, it felt like you had to went on Wayfair. And I bought a bunch of like discount furniture and I go to the houses, all the nice furniture and everything.

(13m 38s):
Like, you're like, Hey, at least let come back and shower. Yeah. Ve got you got that good loofah. Wow. And what Did you? Right after you guys decided, okay, we're gonna do that. Did y'all go eat somewhere or something? We did Where we had dinner that next that, well we always, I, I always went to the house for dinner. The kids didn't know any sort of disruption, so that was always good. I was always at the house, having dinner, family dinner. I was always still very involved. The kids didn't really know anything. 'cause at the time, they're nine and seven now, so they were between, you know, six and eight or whatever. And the next night we went to one of our favorite restaurants in town and we just had a nice date night. And it was nice. And then we went away, just the two of us.

(14m 18s):
And for a night up at this farm in upstate New York and just all worked out, you know, it was a lot of conversations. Yeah. A lot of hard stuff. You gotta talk through a lot of forgiveness and talking about, you know, I think the biggest thing always is in any relationship, you always, especially with your significant other, you always think it's your soulmate and you know what they're thinking and you just don't like people as well as somebody. You just have to say it. So we just started talking. Oh. And it just opened up everything, you know, Dude, the, the craziest thing is how hard it is to say stuff. Even if like you're with a person you're married, it's like, and they would rather you probably say it so you can get to the next part. But we just hold the fucking Words. Hold on. Yeah. And then you get mad that they don't know what you're thinking. Yes.

(14m 58s):
That was the funniest thing. I used to say that to every time I said, you get mad because I don't know what you're thinking. I have no, I, I'll admit I don't know what you're thinking. I'll never know. Yeah. you know, so that's like the biggest thing I found in relationship is really as we starting to like, get through it again. It's like, just say what you're feeling. Life's too short man. Just say what you're feeling. Yeah. Just say, I wish your legs were longer. Longer. Just you had longer legs. How'd you know? Did she tell you that was the thing? She's like, Joe, I wish you were fine. I wish it was six foot man. If. you had longer legs. No, I, yeah, I don't know. I mean that shit's all, that stuff's complicated, man. But that's awesome then. Congrats. So that feels good then. Yeah. Really? So you got the family back on track. Got Back on track, baby. I'm a, I'm a dad. I'm a real dad. Like, which is nice. I feel really tight with the kids.

(15m 39s):
Good partner. It's all, it all feels good now. Yeah. Yeah. And creatively, I'm doing everything. That's good. you know, it feels nice to be able to dabble in different stuff. And Did you, oh, your kids came to the special 'cause I saw them. You give them like a hug for you on stage. Yeah, they Gave me the microphone before and Oh, they gave you the mic End one. You gave a hug and one you gave a high five. Yeah, I gave the high five to my son, son. and He was super, He was super nervous. So he was, he was just like, yeah, he's cute. He's, she is like me, dude. She's comes out for a bow. She loves it all. Like she's all about it. My son is a little bit more of a wallflower, but he really likes to laugh and to make me laugh. and we do like fun. Oh, there, that's the, that was a thing all good. So yeah, that's the kids. So the, you know Jiggy?

(16m 19s):
Yeah. Mark. Yeah. He's my, he's my tour manager. He's on tour with me. But then, yeah, this is my, my, my daughter and my son there. Oh, that's awesome. And yeah, he's really, I give him a little Oh, Give, give him a hug. Sorry. I, I didn't mean you didn't. Yeah. Yeah. I love my son. Don't try to, I was definitely, I already see the clip. You love his son Flitting hairs dude. I'm sorry. Starting to suck a drama. I Was trying to remember that. Yeah, dude. Jiggy was there. That's awesome though. Yeah. Yeah. He's with me all the time. He's on my new tour with me. He's my feature. He comes with me the whole time now. Hell yeah. He's great. He's so funny. He has one of the best stories. I, I don't know if he turned it into a show, into a stage bit. It's like he met a girl on an airplane, right? So he's on an airplane. He's sitting next to like this beautiful Brazilian, Brazilian girl, he said, and like the plane kept getting delayed or whatever.

(17m 5s):
Finally they get 'em all off the plane and it's like midnight. They're not gonna lead till the next day. And the girl's like, you can come stay with me or whatever, you know? Or at least she says she could've said goodbye in Brazilian. That's what he meant. But That's how he took it. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, She's like, why is this guy in my car? He's following her outta the airport. Her grandmother comes and picks her up. Right. So now they are all the, the, and this girl you just met stay at the grandmother's house and they just had it, it was like a big studio. So they're asleep in one bed. Amazing. All together. And they watched, I can't, I think they watched Saving Private Rock, which is a crazy, Crazy, a real warming, romantic story.

(17m 46s):
It's like the house in like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory where everybody sleeps in the same room, in the same bed. It's all the old kid and all the parrots. Oh yeah. With Grandpa Joe, whatever. Grandpa Joe was there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's Hysterical. And then, yeah, 'cause I think he thought he was gonna go to this kind of romantic night and then he just stayed in there. All, yeah. And I can, something else occurred, but it was pretty unbelievable. But yeah, that story's Great. He met the family already though. Oh yeah. So That's good. Yeah. And they, oh, he said that they had popcorn and then, yeah. And then I guess they all fell asleep. He, oh, could you imagine being somebody who came home from work and that's what you see. They like what they, where they pick up this straggler. He came in, he's the best to go on tour.

(18m 26s):
He's just a bundle of joy and like energy. He's always, he's just so positive and fun. Like we click really well on that. But he gets like, we make fun of him. 'cause Steve Burns on the road with us a lot too. and we love to watch him eat when he's hungry because he literally If you. He doesn't know you're watching him. I'm not even kidding. Theo, he'll go like, he'll be like excited to eat and he'll be like doing Nim and he moves his hands and you just watch him. He's just like a little kid for the first time having like apple pie. Like, it's so funny. I'm like, dude, you are a grown adult man. You have a child. Like, whatcha doing? He gets so excited. Yeah. Yeah. He's classic man. He's so funny. Yeah, his energy is some of the best energy to be around. Yeah, for Sure. For sure.

(19m 7s):
Yeah. What was gonna, oh, did Kembe Mutombo died? Did. you see that? No. Did he? Yeah. Oh no, when He just died. Brain cancer. 58. That's young. That is young. 58 Did Kembe Mutombo Hall of Fame finger wagging center. Yeah, he did that. Remember he did that whole big thing with the big finger. Yeah. He kind of gave, I wonder if after he did that, is that when they came out with those finger things or not? you know? No, I think those were, I think those were where, number ones, I think that's where that comes from. Oh, I see. But I think people started using it and as it wasn't intended. Yeah. This was not for this, this was for, yeah. I was like, no, no, no, no, no you're not. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. He had that, that was wild. The finger wag. Yeah. That's funny how that becomes like your thing.

(19m 49s):
Yeah. Yeah. But then you have to do it all the time. Right. People are waiting for it. Yeah. People are always like taking photos and people are like, can you do the, yeah. Could You do this? Yeah. It's like me getting yelled. Larry, what do you get asked the most, do you think when people wanna take a picture with you? Or like when, when people see you, what is like the thing that they, What's Bobby Lee like? Yeah. So you get all time, right? Yeah. Tell me about Bobby Lee. Is he real? Is it real? Mm. They'll say, they'll call him an it and I'm like, that's crazy. Are they're referring to Bobby with that? I, I dunno. So a lot of people don't believe in like people of the orient, but, and also look at the guy. I mean there's, yeah, yeah. you know for sure. There's definitely 50 shades of Schezwan right here.

(20m 30s):
So there's a lot going on. Then after we got to interview Trump, I get asked about that a lot too. Oh yeah, for sure. Just what it was like to be there or something. We got to go up to Bedminster. New Jersey. That was nice up there. Yeah. I think I talked to you when, when I saw you, there was just the rumblings that you might've been able to sit with him. And I think you told me you were like, dude, it's crazy. I might be able to do it. So that had to be a wild experience. Yeah, it was crazy. Yeah, it was definitely, Definitely a long time to come together. I imagine it wasn't like a, It was kind of on and off and then it was just on. Yeah. you know. But it was definitely interesting. Don't Think, don't think I didn't notice you put on a suit jacket. Thanks Dude. Threw on a jacket. There you go. Yeah. I appreciate it. I think it's been at two funerals and one presidential interview brother. I'll tell you that.

(21m 10s):
Dude. It's a famous jacket, Man. So it's on its way up, brother. There You go. Yeah. De Kembe had that thing, dude. Which finger, what finger is used for different stuff the most? Do you think this is for, Yeah, this is always good. And this is always bad, right? This is good. This is bad. This one is So, yeah, if this is bad, This is, this is never good. This could be bad with a thumbs down. Yeah. I think every, every finger has a personality kind of, for sure. Right? Yeah. Right. So you could use this for that. This is, this is kind of, this is probably the most useless, right? The ring finger. Well, unless you, when You were a little kid, this became a big 'cause. You could be like, I'm not giving you the finger. Oh, that's true. Huh? You would hide it. Yeah. You Hide it. Like, oh, I'm Just kidding. But this one is also the ring finger. So it also is like the signifies. Yeah. Yeah. Someone has claimed you.

(21m 51s):
Yeah. You're locked In Or you've been claimed. Yeah, you're owned. Yeah. This, this is for hitchhiking too. Used to be hitchhike. The thumb has the most versatile, I think hitchhiking, you're the best. Kill 'em. Yeah. Kill 'em. Right? Murder. This gives you, this is a murder indicator. Straight murder. What are we doing here? Yeah. Yep. I, this is the first thing I taught my kids, by the way. That was a, a parenting hack. I heard from somebody. Thumbs up, Teach your kids Because you, a lot of times your kids are like far away. If they're scared or something, teach 'em to give you a thumbs up if they're okay. Or a thumbs out if they're not. Because If, you can't see 'em or you know, If. you only can see him. You can't hear him. Yeah. So I had my daughter on top of like this huge slide down where I was by a playground and I was like scared for her life. I'm like, who can, she's like, and then she went and I was like, okay. Crazy. Yeah. Oh, and then you do this thing, right?

(22m 31s):
This thing that means help me. I'm being, I'm taking called Liam Neeson. Right. That means like, I need, That's what that means. Yeah. This is Like, this is the thing, like if somebody goes, yo, this, there's like the wink back in the day. Like, something's Up. If somebody does this to me, I'll wave it back. I'm like, you're so cute. It's like a puppet show. Yeah. I'm leaving dude. Yeah, Yeah. Dang brother. Yeah. I can't believe that man. I can't believe that. We only get five fingers. Have you been, Have you ever been so mad that you double barreled somebody with a double like F you? Like that's a, that's a different level of getting somebody angry that they're like, I need both hands. Well, If, you do this, this and then you erect too at the third If. you hit 'em with that. you know What I'm saying? I've done that once. I don't like to talk about it. These are just predecessors, You know what I'm saying?

(23m 14s):
Then it's the big finale. Yeah. That is the big fane. Yeah. The double guns, they call that. Right. I wonder if in every culture, that means if every culture, people that's like world, like all over like If, you were in like the jungles of Zimbabwe or something and you saw, and you were angry at some dude. Some guy popped out and surprise you. You thought you were a like a warthog. Yeah. Warthog or something. He tries to stab you with his stick or whatever and you'd be like, ah, You didn't get me. And then he high fives it and you're like, wait, what does this, he's good. He's like, got you the high five and stuff too. Like all those gestures, they all come from somewhere. Which is so weird. Right. The high five is kind of crazy. If a dude was like, Hey man. Yeah. Hit it. That was good.

(23m 53s):
That was good. Yeah. Just smack my hand. He smacked my hand. That's because that feels not even that cool. Just when we did it now felt weird, right? Yeah. Because it was, it was very soft. Yeah. You gotta really do It. Yeah. Glen Burke, a former outfielder for the Los Angeles daughters is accredited inventing it. Inventing the high five during a game against the Houston Astro. It was October 2nd, 1977. Wow. So I'm only one year older than the high five. Wow. When he ran toward home plate and raised his hand greet a teammate who had just rounded the base after a home run. Wait, so why did I give it to him? Who's a teammate? 'cause he just had his hand up. He was just doing a hand in the air. The guy who high fived Glen Burke. Oh is Glen Burke the guy that did it. That's crazy.

(24m 33s):
One guy, he was Guy was a white supremacist and then he came by and he ran, you know what ran into it? He was waving when he was grandmother in the hood in the stands. He is like, Hey mom. He's like, Hey, your whites are so am I. That's doing bad. Must make it happen. That's that's crazy. That is crazy. The high five dude. Yeah. The fist bump seems to Do you ever get the aggressive fist bump where somebody just fight your fist? They don't know how the, they just punch you in the hand. Yeah. Because like you meet a lot of people. Right. You don't always wanna be touching people and stuff. Right. You're like, oh, fist bump. Sometimes You'll do fist bump. It's a lot of people Then people just come to you and hit you hard. Like they just punch your hand Or Yeah. Sometimes people will keep pushing against your hand. Push your, You trying to move me. What am I doing? Yeah. But yeah. And also people have, a lot of people have sweaty, wet hands now. Yeah. It's a thing.

(25m 14s):
Oh, it's Gotten way worse. And when I was a kid, everybody's hands were dry, right? Yeah. Like, you know, sometimes you'd see like some facial sweat or somebody with like, who never shaved their neck. They'd have like a lot of sweat and hair on their neck or whatever. But you didn't see people's hands just, you know, chop. Yeah. The worst is when you're done with it. Now this is your sweat that I have on my hand. What am I gonna do with it? Yeah. Am I gonna ruin my pants? Am I finding a piece of furniture? Like you have to figure out a where to put it. Yeah. They, and they don't give you any direction that's like, hey, here's some wet, here's some wet me. Take The, this is your problem now this is some wet me that you have to deal with. Yeah. Today. Yeah. One little wet me dude. Somebody said that Pharrell the singer.

(25m 56s):
Yeah. Had really dry hands dry. Somebody told me that once. I remember that. That he wasn't like, he wasn't sweaty or was it dry to the fact that it was like you felt it. It was like sandpaper. Yeah. Like wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Very dry hands. Yeah. It could be from mixing those albums or whatever It gets callouses. Yeah. That could be it. He works with his hands. Yeah, That's a good point man.

(26m 18s):
This episode is sponsored by Prize picks. Do you love firing on sports? Well prize picks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed you can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and many more. What I like about prize picks personally is that instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. Each player has a set projection and you either choose more or less than that set projection. If you're smart with sports and you know what players are gonna perform on what nights prize picks is the best app for you. I played this weekend on some of the NFL games and I won. I won something. First time users download the prize picks app use code Theo and prize picks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50. This episode is sponsored by Prize Picks and we thank them.

(27m 34s):
Today's episode is sponsored by Morgan and Morgan, America's largest personal injury law firm. For over 35 years, they've been fighting and winning for the people just like you and me. They've won so many cases, they've racked up more than $20 billion in recoveries for their clients. That's right. Billion with a B. And because they've got your back, I'm excited to announce that they're offering one lucky listener. $2,000 and two tickets to W'S Royal Rumble. Entering the win is easy. Just text TPW to four, the number four, the people. That's TPW to 4 8 4 3 7 3 6 7 4 2. Or click the link in the description below if you're watching on YouTube. That's right. No purchase necessary. This sweepstakes is open only to natural person to legal residents of the 48 contiguous United States, including the District of Columbia, who are 18 years of age or older. Sweepstakes ends 10 31 20, 24 for entry and official rules. Visit Morgan wwe.com void. Where? Prohibited.

(28m 51s):
What a day, man. What else is going on? Those storms, dude. Yeah. It's so heartbreaking. I know, I know. I had a show in Evans that I had to, I had to reschedule Uhuh Did you. Yeah, I was, I went, I got my one off in Savannah and then went to the Evans won the place, you know the power? They didn't have power in the theater. Evans, Georgia. Yeah. Evans, Georgia. Oh yeah. It's been, it was tough down there. And then they were like, you know, we don't have power. I was like, we're not gonna do comedy by candlelight. Like what do we have to do with to reschedule it? So, yeah. Yeah. I know. But down there the people are so like, equipped to handle it and be like, it's such a community when stuff like that happens down there. It's crazy. Like, 'cause we were there and there was people going driving over to be like, oh, we're just gonna go get, they had like family and whatnot.

(29m 35s):
I was talking to somebody at a restaurant and they were like, yeah, we gotta go pick up my aunt. Like, they just like know what to do and they, they're just ready for it. It was, Yeah. People in the south are really dialed in with their families. you know, being close with your family is like, it's one of the main things. Yeah. you know, and everybody has a truck. Everybody wants to help out. Everybody Has a truck. Yeah. That's so different than, you know, down there. Everybody's got the Ken, he's got call Tim, he's got the, you know, cousin Tim's got it. He's got the truck. People are like I, don't know. One person with a pickup truck in New York. Yeah. I dunno. One person, People are like, I'll fucking help out right now. What do you need me to do? Everybody knows CPR or knows a fireman that says he knows CPR And then when he has to prove it, it's a problem. He's Just blown in this guy's face.

(30m 17s):
I, I was in a situation where somebody was choking on. I had to, I jumped into action. Yeah. Our tour manager, our tour manager had this, we didn't know he had this, where Were we all eating at? We, we were, no, we, he was signing, we were doing the settlement down at the, we were in the hotel ballroom. One of the things at the hotel, like we had a little room and he was signing in the check to pay us for the weekend. And, and he had had this condition when he coughed, he would lose his breath and just like pass out. But we didn't know that. So he started coughing and he was talking through it. Right. So it's me, Sal, and Murray. And he's coughing and he iss like, and he just goes And he just shuts down. And so I'm sitting next to on one side, Mars on the other.

(30m 59s):
And Merg just starts shaking. and he goes, his guy's name was Jeff. He's like, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff. So I hopped up and I was like, all right, I gotta do something. But I didn't do the highlight. I did like an over the shoulder like seatbelt, like, and I just started like shaking him, trying to wake him up. Sal ran over and it was at the Ho Sherman near the Hoit Sherman Theater. and he ran and grabbed the, the phone that was connected to the be desk and he was like, call 9 1 1 instead of calling 9 1 1. and he yelled at the phone and I'm hugging him and I like, oh. And then all of a sudden he just came back to life and he is like, Ugh. And I'm over his shoulder and he goes, did it happen again? And we're like, what are you talking about dude? Yeah. So I had no skills. The only person that had any skills was Q because he was a fireman and he was in bed so we Couldn't even help.

(31m 40s):
Hey, that's typical fireman dude. If there ain't a fire, dude, I'm asleep. Put a hot dog in my jaw and I'm going to sleep. Dude. Done. Yeah. So I'm not equipped for any of that emergency stuff. Yeah. That's scary. Dude. We had a one time, me and my buddy Scotty, the same guy I was talking about earlier, we'd eaten some LSD. Right. And, and we were children man. And so we went, we got to the Waffle House, you know, and we were so excited, you know, it was like 4:00 AM we're at the Waffle House and there was, and we were laughing so hard, dude. We, we had the giggles so hard and they had a gay gentleman working there.

(32m 22s):
Right. and we never seen a gay gentleman. We'd heard about it or seen drawings of like a guy like grabbing somebody's wien or something. See somebody chisel that into like a tree or into like a side of a bridge or something. But we'd never seen like a gay gentleman. Real life In the wild. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. In the wild dude and in the wildest place on earth, bro. The fucking halfway house that has a waffle maker. you know. So we're in there dude. And he's like being real. Like he had like all as much gaze as you could have inside of somebody, like in for his frame or whatever. And you could just see it kind of bubbling out of his shoulders every now and then, you know. And we were laughing so hard. My buddy Scott, like he, when he laughs he kind of does like this choking thing.

(33m 6s):
So the guy thought that my buddy was choking, dude. So he comes around to save the day. Yes. Starts doing that buddy. Scott's a little guy. Starts doing the fucking hammock on him, dude. And I am laughing Harder. Oh dude, I'm laughing so hard. I remember I had to beat my feet against each other because like just, I needed to get more sound out of it. More Energy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dude, he fucking seeing a gay guy do the ock maneuver, Bouncing your little friend around thinking he's saving the day. Yeah. Yeah. It was just like spamming on your lap, brother. That's A difference. you know? So that was, so that was like a crazy thing that happened.

(33m 46s):
Like the first time anybody ever choked by us or something. I've Seen, I've seen people successfully do it and it's so weird that people don't know what to do. That Oh, It's beautiful when people do It well And what people do for it. Well when they do it well and the piece of the chicken bone just comes flying down, whatever. And then everybody just starts clapping. Yeah. Like, it's like the plane landed. It's like, everybody's like, yeah. He like, that's so weird to take a lap because you just saved this guy. 'cause he didn't chew his filet mignon, you know? Yeah. Yeah dude. We had what was happening? Oh dude. I was at a hotel in Hawaii and a guy starts choking at the breakfast bar and it was like the, it was a nice breakfast bar. They had like cereal, fruit Assortment of different styles of eggs.

(34m 28s):
Scrambled, hard boiled. Yeah. They had a couple of, they had those little, the big silver things you have to open up and see what's in it. Oh, Surprise. Yeah. They wanna keep you guessing. Yeah. It's like, aloha, what do we got here? And then there's like two of them that just have smoke coming out. There's just like warm water, There's water and it, they're like, oh, we're bringing it back out. We're bringing the ham out. You're like, I think. I don't think that anything was ever any of it. They make it look like it was You sc the water out thinking it's something exotic. Like I'm getting outta Hawaiian hot water. Oh god. I'll have another bubble honey. Gimme another bubble. Gimme a bowl of that pineapple hot water. That's great. So this guy starts choking and they bring out one of those like divider things where you just like can divide a room, you know, with one of those.

(35m 9s):
Oh yeah. And they bring that out 'cause there's like all these tables right there just eating. And so they bring that out and one guy keeps eating and people are like, quit fucking eating dude. You don't fucking, You don't eat in front of a possible death situation. Well a guy like seven feet over, you can hear this guy like struggling for his life dude. Right. And this guy's chomping on his corn flake over here and Magic Johnson was there, dude. So at a certain point, and this took a a long time, they were trying to revive the guy and Yeah. Yeah. And so at a certain point everybody starts looking at Magic Johnson like, fucking do something. Magic Johnson. You're Magic. Yeah. That's in your name. Like Just Yeah. Go double dribble on his heart or Something.

(35m 49s):
Do that. Right. Yeah. If, you cross over his arteries. Right. Do something you can tell you can't fucking pat him on the back in a special way. Yeah. At least give him a hug or something on The way out. One more assists. And so it got so crazy and then nobody would eat, dude. 'cause they, they, they were really like boom, raging into him and beating on his chest or whatever. And, and then finally I, they took him outta there. I don't, I I He didn't make it. I know that. But So that was his last breakfast. It was last breakfast. But at a certain point we'd all sat there and then somebody has to Take the first bite and the guy with the cornflake says, who's laughing now?

(36m 32s):
I didn't miss his step. I'm ready to go. Yeah. Taking the first bite in that situation's rough. Yeah. It just broke my heart man. Oh. And I was like, I told my day. I was like, we are not doing, do not eat first. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody a magic eat first that somebody else. I think everybody looks at Magic Johnson in that situation and he, I think ceremoniously he should be like, let's eat. It's like your dad at Thanksgiving when he is like, okay, we could do it. Like I've done carving, we could eat. you know that kind of thing. Yeah. He puts it out. But that was crazy man. So Yeah. I mean you, it, it's crazy 'cause you're in the guy who can, who is magic himself and he could do nothing. Yeah. you know, I think it would be worse if there was a real magician there.

(37m 13s):
Like if David Blaine was there and they're like, dude make the chicken bone and his throat disappear. Like dude, make it come outta behind his ear. Something, you know, Keep pulling those rags out until there's piece of chicken on the end. That's Right at end. He's got the bone coming out. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think that'd be tough. Yeah dude that flooding stuff is makes me so sad. And it doesn't seem like there's much you can do. You can donate. Right. like I reached out to a couple of friends to find ways to like do a type of event or something. 'cause it looks like it's really bad. Yeah. Yeah. They got, it came in hard. It came to the coast the other side too. Right. It came in Asheville, North Carolina. I mean, look how beautiful that area is too. Yeah. Yeah Man.

(37m 53s):
And they had alligators too. Did, you see those? I've seen an alligator. Yeah, you Have. But Did, you see 'em at this? I Haven't seen them there, no. Oh. Alligators surprised during hurricane. Like it's not bad enough. Now you're gonna have alligators rolling up to your porch. Yeah. Oh that's tough man. Wow. That's a damn Gator baby. Well, And they had two alligators at the mall too. They found at by like an air past or whatever. They make 'em into purses. I have no idea. But, but also it's like I. Guess alligators never the mall. You, if you're an animal, you never even get to go to the mall. Mall. Yeah. So this is your one shot.

(38m 34s):
like I'm gonna go and see what's on the sail rack. I got These little arms. I gotta keep myself warm. The props to this guy for seeing That's an alligator. I wouldn't have known that was an alligator. Right. That looks just like another piece of debris I'd have just gone missing. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. An alligator at the mall. Like, do you have a really long medium? you know, I need, You gotta, you have a tailor 'cause I'm gonna need it. Then they go into Lacoste and they think they get a discount. Look, my face is all over this place, man, come on. Come on guy. I did. They Can't even get up to the counter at like Pan Express. you know, he Forgot his wallet. LA car's gotta go back. Yeah. He forgot his wallet. But then he realizes that his tails made out of wolf.

(39m 18s):
See an alligator trying to get on the escalator. That'd be a good time. It's like, like flat. Wiggle it out. Takes, takes up 16 steps. Alligators are crazy. And we're joking guys. Obviously there's a lot of people that are struggling over there, but just trying to bring some laughter to it for sure. That's the worst. Have you been involved in a big tra like a tragic environment like that? Like were Did you guys, were you guys in in New York or during nine 11? Nine 11. Yeah. Yeah. I live in Staten Island during the time, but I was, you know, New York came together in a way that day there for sure. Yeah. I think nine 11 is the closest I've come to some sort of tragedy like that. Yeah. It's always tough. But I, I do find always, and I I, people always say this, you know, people come together when it's that like I find that so true don't you?

(40m 2s):
About like human nature shines brightest when it's tragedy. When it's wrapped in tragedy. I think people just come together in a real way. Like we, we gotta tackle this thing, you know? Yeah. Let me help, let me grill something. Let me help. I got a truck. I Gotta, but even like If you said like you could donate and all this stuff. I feel like people just really just like come and do stuff even if they're not there. You know what I mean. It's like just, it's really cool that people do that and and grill. It's cool. Let able to grill for Oh yeah, Let get that thing Real. Isn't that the thing too, like it's always people send food. Right. Even like in a personal tragedy, like I remember when my, when my, my father passed away and they were like, people would send food to the house. Yeah. And my mom was the one that cooked and it was like, she's like, no I still got this but do you know how to like to pay the electric bill?

(40m 43s):
you know? Seems so funny. But food is always such a thing of like, we gotta feed these people. Right. It's just the thing that people don't want people to have to worry about. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. It is amazing that the ways that people come together and help each other. Even like when you look at people donating organs and stuff, you know? Oh yeah, you an organ donor. Yeah, I am. Yeah. Yeah. I would definitely, I wouldn't do it to somebody. This is these, these are not good. Really? This is a used car. This is, there's no lemon law and it's like taking like we got you a kidney and they're like, from who? like I, like ah shit. Who else you got? Yeah. If. you put it If you If, you put your ear up to the kidney, they can hear mer just giving, just don't Want kidney.

(41m 25s):
What to say to the other kidney. Yeah. Yeah. I think everything is just like I think if it's not my eyes, you don't want it. Yeah. It's like giving, he's got a nice set of eyes, giving his eyes. Yeah. Get the eyes. Yeah. Yeah. The organ donor thing is, that's so selfless too. But that's so smart. If. you think about it like I mean you're not gonna use 'em. Whatcha you Doing? Yeah, whatcha gonna do? Yeah. But then I think part of you wants to always feel whole. It's like you want to be like, okay, I want to know that when I'm laying there dying, I'm still able to like chill or relax or think or whatever. Right. you Know, because imagine that's the deal. Like you, that's how it all comes down to it. You're still thinking, you're laying there and you don't realize it. 'cause we don't know what happens. You're just thinking that some guy just stole your leg in the back of a college you didn't go to. Like, this is Crazy. I was like, how'd to get there?

(42m 5s):
Yeah. It's crazy. That'd be pretty wild, man. Yeah. So with the new tour where you go to, so now, now you have to start with the building, the new material and stuff, huh? Yeah. So I got the new tour now let's get into it. It's been really fun. I was, I head off for the summer to hang out with the fam and the kids and stuff, which is great. So I finished this in March, the Messing With People tour. And now this new one just started in September and it's cool. It's, it's real fun. It is. It, you know, as a comic it's, you're nervous about it. You're trying to build it and whatnot, but then when you get what your ideas are, I'm a storyteller so I just like figure out what stories I want to tell. But I'd always talk about sitting alone. like I was stuck with my thoughts so much where I was thinking about how you end up the person that you are. So I'm like, let's get into a tour really is like about how Did you end up like this.

(42m 49s):
Because I started as like a real, we were talking like a geeky kid. like I used to make tests for my father, like open up the encyclopedias. He would come home and I would have a multiple choice exam from him after his 10 hour day trying to sell life insurance door to door. I'd be like, pop quiz bitch. Like he'd be like, get outta here, you know, like that. And now I'm this. So I was always thinking about that. So I just like tell a lot of stories and think about your life. And it, it's really, it's been really fun. Yeah. I like this one a lot. I like this one. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny to see how you'll evolve too, and like how your brain will start to think of things that are like a little bit more, you know, just more personal or, you know, like how you get outta just telling jokes and try to like share something, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of fascinating, I think, how that kind of works out.

(43m 31s):
Do you feel like you share more? Well, I mean, you've talk, you talk so much, right? You talk so much with the podcast and everything. Right? Do you feel, like, do you think about after you, 'cause people get to know you in a real way on when you're, this is you talking. So do you feel like that you have, people know you in a way different way than they would like five years ago, If, you were just doing standup, you know, does this podcast open up a completely different part, right? Yeah, I think so. 'cause we talk about a lot of, I mean, yeah, we, because sometimes we talk about stuff that's personal or like, you know, I was kind of like a late bloomer, I think, in dealing with like, a lot of stuff from when I was young. And so I didn't even know that I had still had to deal with, you know, I didn't even know what was going on. So I think I've learned about a lot of that stuff, like, even as like, in the past five years.

(44m 15s):
And so we'll probably try to share kind of like candidly, or sometimes you're talking and you just learn something as you're talking. So like, things like that have happened a, a pretty good bit. 'cause a lot of times you get busy with work. And then one of the times that I would sit down and kind of be with myself was when I was podcasting. So you'd just be sitting there sharing and thinking and then, yeah, sometimes you kind of get into some stuff that's pretty personal. And then yeah, people will come up and say they, man, I can relate to this. Or, yeah, That's a cool part. Right? Thanks for talking about this or that. you know, I, I Love that. Yeah. That's, that's what's really cool. Yeah, too, but I've always been associated with a group, so, right. So the past four years is now just me by myself. So it's a little different where you're not, you know, your opinions are like your, your own or your feelings are like your own or whatever.

(44m 58s):
You're not like lumped into a category of just what everybody, and you get to, they get to know me. People who started with fans of like jokers are like fans of me. Which is, it's really, it's a cool evolution, which are I really like. And you Do that. Yeah. Was it hard to make that, was it hard to, like, were there moments where it was like, man, it's tough to do my own thing, or? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the Well you're part is such a great legacy. I like I love that Show every day. I, it's like being part, it's like playing with three Tom Bradys and then now you're like, yeah, I'm gonna go be my own Tom Brady. No, I'll, I'll do what I best. I'll play flag football. I'll see how I can do. But I think it, it's, the best part about it was like I was part of that. And I don't shy away from that. 'cause you find people, like when they talk to you, like, oh, you know, I love J hundred and they're like afraid to talk to me about jokers.

(45m 41s):
But I'm like, that's my, like I mean. I'm so proud of that. you know? It was a decade of my life, 300 episodes. Like, it's not something that I shy away from. And even in like my standup the show I was me so If, you watch the show and liked me, you're gonna like me when you see me. 'cause it's the same guy. I wasn't being a character. I wasn't playing an actor. So there's just like some benefits to it, which is cool. And it's part of my personality. Yeah. you know, so I, I don't mind it, but it is cool to be able to try different things. you know, like I wanna write a kid's book. I wrote a kid's book. I wanted to do the standup thing. you know, I've been always wanted to be a filmmaker, so I've got some scripts like, and I never had time for any of that stuff. Right. So That's cool. Is this their last season? Is it? I think they are Si they're gonna go back into production to finish their last season as of now.

(46m 21s):
But you never know. I think they'll, they might get renewed again. I don't know. Yeah. But I think they'll let 'em go till they don't want to anymore. Yeah. I mean, you know. Yeah. It's like, it's, it's just so good. Like why? Oh yeah. I mean, some of my first fans were you guys as fans, you know, from going on the jokers crews and getting to meet people on there and then like Yeah. Fans that we'd have for years, you know? And that still are. Yeah. So, thank you man. You Got it, man. Yeah. They're loyal fandom. They really are. It's cool. Oh dude. Yeah. I get them come out to the shows. It's funny too 'cause you see them, they see me by myself now and they're like, wow, you really funny. I'm like, thanks. Like you saying to me, not to me. Like, yeah. But it's interesting for people to see you in standup. It's a totally different world by yourself. 60 minutes talking. Oh yeah. You know, Dude, that was the biggest thing for me, not being on stage with other people.

(47m 4s):
Oh Yeah. Huh? You're like, you just be like, yeah, you take it for a second and there's nobody there. I got coughing. I'm like, I get you. They're like, oh, just look. And the sometimes people make you the craziest thing, dude, this, somebody made me this. They brought this. Oh, that's this weekend. Unbelievable. It's a real taxidermied rat. That is the racket. That is Unbelievable. If. you open. Unbelievable. If you up. Smits. Very real. It was real. Yeah. At one point. That is, that's super cool, man. Pretty Cool man. I got somebody who made me, it was very interesting. He made me and him this weekend. He made me, he made us Funko pops and, but he made himself as well. And it was me with one of my, with my biggest fan. He, he made himself and we're both holding teddy bears. 'cause my new kid's book Wears Bear.

(47m 44s):
and he, he's like, Hey, you don't have one of you with the bear. And I was like, how'd you know I had any, I was like, my Funko pops. and he was just like, yeah. He made me see there's a captive fat belly one there. Oh, that's good for me in the show that I had pretty famously. and he made me one, but he made one of himself and he gave me a two pack. and he iss like, now we can be together, we can be best friends. I'm like, all right. Yeah. It's funny. It was so cool. I love that. Yeah. That's funny, man. Yeah, it's funny. All the things like, just little things that people make that are like you talked about on a show or like moments that affected them or something like that, you know? Yeah. It's pretty cool. But even like you're saying, it's like when people get together, there's a sense of, you know, when people want to do something for one another, you know, like when people wanna help out, whether it's a, a storm, whatever it is, you know?

(48m 25s):
Yeah, yeah. For sure. People wanna like kinda latch in, you know. Yeah. But yeah, they gave me that rap baby and that thing That is Wow. That is insane. To think first of all, to think of it then execute that. That's really cool. I know. And If, you can't see it at home. It is a, it's in a little, Like a little co like a protective aquarium. Yeah. Yeah. Like a s small, like eight inch diameter round aquarium that's about a foot high. Imagine like the brain that they kept for Frankenstein, they had that jar. It's the same thing. So it's got a rat In it and it's got a rat in it. and he is wearing like a fancy gown. He has a scepter, has some flowers. Dude in New York, they just put out, they have a rat problem there. Yeah.

(49m 5s):
Huge. you know, huge rat problem. You're welcome. That's what they get for, that's what they get for fucking being know-it-alls. Dude, I'll, I'll send more All you'll send more. You think you got it under control. Look out here. Come more. I'll send more. So now they're trying a new tactic against me. The war on rats. Soon shift from trash to a new target. Procreation rat birth control could soon roll out in New York City. Little Rat condoms. Yeah. Gimme a minute, honey. She's like, you got a dick like a mouse. He's like, shut up. I'm a rat. I'm A rat. New York City council on Thursday will vote on a bill that would introduce rat contraceptives to the city's rodent fighting arsenal.

(49m 45s):
If the bill passes, city officials will choose two rat ridden zones to place the contraceptives and then monitor whether they reduce rat activity. How Did you do that. The pilot program pers That, setting up some Voyeurism Going on. It's just right outside of the craft cheese plant. The pilot program will last 12 months, dude. Unbelievable. And now rats are gonna be hearing that other rats are on birth control and go over there and trying to smash, you know. Yeah. They're gonna be like, yeah, it's no, no risk rat smashing. Yeah. They, they, it's, it's insane. Like, I've walked down certain parts of the city and you just, it looks like the sidewalk's moving. Yeah. It's insane.

(50m 25s):
There's just, just moving. It looks like an ocean. Like there's just like waves. It's crazy. It's Beautiful. Yeah. The build of Flacco's law is focusing on mitigating the risk of rodent sides. Rodenticides. Rodenticides On other animal populations like birds. So what does that mean? Well, The birds are gonna be the bird. If it has a reverse effect on birds, it's like Viagra. So the pigeons are just gonna be pounding away. Yeah. Because well, how do you know what's gonna eat it? Right? Because if it's just on the floor, like birds are gonna eat it. Right. Pigeons eat the same stuff. Rats do. Oh, so they can't poison them because they said other animals will eat them in those animals. Like if owls, it says, oh, gotcha.

(51m 7s):
So that way they can't poison 'em. So they have to try this. They have to try birth control. Unreal. Dude. They Don't wanna get rid of the owls. Yeah. Everyone loves Owls. So now they're gonna be on. So now big pharma is basically, animals are on, is your animal in any Drugs? No. No. She's, she's freaking clear. We have some animals at home. The older ones that are on some sort of things. And what? Whatnot. And. what do they get? 'em? Blood thinners or whatever they Give 'em. Depends what they have. Trazodone. Iss a big one for dogs. If they're nervous. Like a lot of dogs that, we have a couple dogs that get nervous during thunderstorms and whatnot. It's like a calming thing you could give to 'em before they fly. She doesn't eat it. She's good. But like some dogs, Trazodone is like a big one. Yeah. They get that trasy in them. I'll Pop a little Trazodone. Dude, You feel a little nervous. Yeah. I just take some trasy, man.

(51m 48s):
Oh, they just, all they, it's so funny 'cause they get it like dehydrates 'em too. So they'll just be like laying their panting with their eyes half closed and they like, you clearly see. Yeah, that's, that's a big one for them. But they get some kidney medicines. The old ones. All my old ones. It's just so I have, so my rescues all senior dogs, so I get 'em when they're all jacked up, you know? Really? Yeah. So it's Like Did. you ever get any of the ones that are in the wh to little chariot Roman? I got chariots. Yeah. I got a couple of Roman soldiers. Yeah. Yeah. and we said they're gonna live. We like, no, no. We we're gonna make it. We had a couple of those. Yeah. Thumbs up. Yeah. So that's, wow. Yeah. Like Michigan. That was my first senior. The one on the fourth there. The one one more. Yeah, that one. So that was my first senior dog and had no teeth. That tongue hung out very, that dog's not on that Japanese pill.

(52m 29s):
That's just how it lives. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. Good one. Looks like Biden, dude. That one. A little. A little bit. Yeah. So he, that's what was our first senior, but now we get these seniors and they're all jacked up. And, And where do you get 'em? Do you go meet somebody? Do you guys meet at like at Howard Johnson's or something? Like how do, do you pick 'em up? Yeah. Panera. Yeah. Aggressive lunch. We get 'em from kill shelters in New York sometimes. Or we get owner surrenders. A lot of 'em have, when they're this old, like older people die and nobody can take care of the dog. Oh. It's like, you know, it's this, they've had this dog. So the dog is like 12, 13 years old and they're like, could you take it? So we do a lot of onus surrender work. We try to find new homes for em. And Your wife likes taking care of 'em too. Loves it. Yeah, She does. That's her thing. She started really started it.

(53m 10s):
She Oh really? That's her day to day kind of thing. She like runs, runs it all. And you know, we have come together to work it out now that it's our thing, which is fun, you know. And do y'all pet every dog every day? You think We have volunteers too that come and help out? No, they come and pet 'em. Yeah. They come and pet 'em. Come play with them. 'em. We have adoption center in town where people come through. Yeah, right there. That's the adoption center. We just opened up last year and people could come through and hang out with the dogs and pet 'em a little bit. Oh yeah. Yeah. If. you ever wanna see these? Yeah. These are some of our VIPs right here. So If. you ever wanna come through and pet a dog when you're a New York buddy? I got you. Oh, I'll come one. I'll fucking, I'll rub one out. They're Fun, man. I mean, I'll top at the dog. No, well no, we heard you. That's insane.

(53m 50s):
Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com. Or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.

(55m 25s):
Dude. I remember the first time I ever saw a dog inside somebody's house. Right. I was at my buddy Scott's house and they had a, a golden retriever came around the corner in his house, dude. And it was beautiful. It was one of like the, it had the most beautiful hair I'd ever seen on a man or woman or anything. That was it. But it was longhaired. Yep. Google longhaired, golden retrievers. Oh, like the wisps. Like it, yeah. Like it goes back when they, when they run it bounces like those things. Yeah. Yep. It was like, it had like, it looked like Pam Anderson, dude who came on that corner. Yeah. It Came outta the Water slow. Yeah. I was like, just shaking. Its tear off. Yeah. The droplets slowly flying.

(56m 6s):
I was like, damn this. So you must have been inside the home. You're like, what the hell the hell is going? I couldn't believe what was going on. I was like, where, how did this, what is this? First of all, yeah. This really beautiful pony. I thought it was, it was pretty big. And then how did they get it inside? Because in our neighborhood it was just dogs outdoors. Yeah. Biting a, you know, just like ruining your fucking birthday. 'cause you had to get stitches or something. My next door neighbor had, so we had a little mutt midnight. Her name was, she was a mix between like a schnauzer or whatever. And then neighbor, my next door neighbors had a full Doberman pincher. Her name was Ninja. And they kept her, they had to keep her outside. So she had an outdoor pen. And my dog was like, would go under the fence and they would like hang out.

(56m 47s):
Oh. and he was like afraid. Like there was this huge like Yeah, like that. Like one of those big Oh yeah. you know, like in the movies, those big like German looking Yeah. Like those dogs. Right. Like big scare. And I had this little mutt and they would just hang out. It was the oddest couple and they hung out. But they had to keep that dog outside. They didn't bring him inside. So when Jason came over to my house and my dog was inside, he's like, oh, you get to play with it. Like on the couch. He's like, this is so weird. 'cause he played with his in the dirt, like in the backyard, you know? Wow, dude. Yeah. Yeah. I guess having them much dogs brings you a lot of joy. The other day I was sitting at a meeting and somebody's dog came up and I, even when I petted it, it makes you feel good, you know? End endorphins. Yeah. Yeah. It's great for sure. You don't, you don't have a Dog? No. I'm gonna get one as soon as I get. I think after this year coming up late in the year, I'll kind of take a break from touring for a while and then, yeah, that's it.

(57m 32s):
Get a nice pet. You Need If. you want a messed up one eyed one you call your boy. Yeah. I'll, I'll take care of you. Yeah. I got some And. what are some of the tougher things about deal? Oh, research has shown that simply petting a dog lowers the stress hormone cortisol. That's the truth. That's truth. When I have her on the road with me, I sleep so much better. Really? Yeah, for sure. They said that a new study just came out that I had just seen too. That it was, if a dog hearing a dog breathe with you is like, kind of lowers your, makes you go into a deeper REM cycle. Mm. Yeah. Which is cool. And I have eight dogs that sleep in my bed. So I'm, I'm in a coma. Wow, bro. You over like Joe od? Yeah. Yeah. I get, I get like three hours sleep and I'm set for like two weeks.

(58m 12s):
Yeah. Wow. Yeah, they have a lot of people. Oh, benefits of sleeping with your dog. Decreased sleep so you don't have to sleep as much. Eases insomnia. Comfort. Yeah. Promotes theta brainwaves. Wow. I get them Theta's up. Do You? Yeah. Yeah. Rush Theta. Yep. And then lowers blood pressure. Sense of security. Yeah. Warmth. Come on. Now they're just fucking, Now they're just throwing in buzzword. It's like you decreases loneliness. Yeah. 'cause you're not alone. You can sleep with a cat to decrease loneliness. So it has something to do with a dog. Ah, That's beautiful dude. Yeah. I wouldn't like to get me a couple puffs and do like a little Iditarod or something. That's something I'd always love to do. And Iditarod with dogs Is being the Iditarod man.

(58m 53s):
Yeah. Because there's a parade, I think the day before the Iditarod look up Iditarod parades, If. you can, and all the dogs go through the town or whatever and you get to see 'em all. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. And look at the ones with those blue shoes on. That's my, Those are fancy. Yeah. Oh my. I think they're sponsored by Nike or something. Oh, I'd have them. I'd have mine and some fucking Yeezys out there. you know what I'm saying? My, when we used to have the dog of the city, we used to put these little balloons on their feet because the, the city's gross. Oh yeah. you know, and then you have these dogs and they, and their paws are like porous, you know? So we, my dog used to walk around these little balloon shoes. They're literally like, I was like, dude, you do like that. Yeah. Those, that's up. Exactly. Yeah. Oh, that's it.

(59m 33s):
Oh, look at those. What? Those fresh paw belugas. Look at those right there. The third pitcher. Yeah. Right there. That's it. Right? Let's zoom up on that a little bit. Something to those guys. Oh yeah, He's got them. Wow. New York Fashion Week. Oh, They did Yeezy inspired sneakers for dogs. Wow. How unreal. Some people have too much fricking money. Too much money. Yeah. Yeah. But just had Mark Cuban on here. That guy has a crazy amount of money. Some people are billionaires. Isn't that crazy? Dude, that's So nuts. That's so nuts. Can't even, Ima like, yeah. And, what would, and then how do you Even 5.7 billion he's is what Google's telling us. That's, that's a lot of money. Well, you would think at some point you wouldn't need, want to try and make any more money, I guess. Right, right. Yeah. But but is it that like, you're just like so good at it that your money's making money.

(1h 0m 14s):
Right. Because people say like, why wouldn't you stop? He's like, I did stop up. Just my money's making money. Like, what do you want me to do? you know, it's like out there like Musk is is like, you think he's out there being like, let me clock in. Like his money is just making money. You know what I mean. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like he just like, has to drive over to work in the morning. Bye honey. I gotta get to the office. Like, you are the office. Like you do whatever you want. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I think that's a big part of it. That's so, one of the problems I'll never have to worry about. Yeah. I think I felt like you think at a certain point you would just want to do helpful stuff and not make any more money. But then I guess If, you wanna do helpful stuff. You still have to keep making money to do it. Maybe. I don't know. That's part of the thing. Yeah, I think, I think Bill Gates talked about that, right? When they were talking about like the Bill Gates Foundation or whatever.

(1h 0m 54s):
and he was like, people were like, oh, you could just give all your money away. He is like, yeah, but what do I do? And all my money's giving away. I need to make money to give away the money. Like, it's part of it all, you know, it's so just cyclical. You gotta keep putting money back in the bank to give it out. Yeah. Yeah. You Charitable fell. Yeah, I think so, man. Yeah, we do. So trying to start a foundation and start doing more charity stuff. Oh, cool. So Did you ever do something like that? Yeah. Well I started my, for my, my my nonprofit for the dogs. It's like a real nonprofit. We last year, last year we did it. Oh, sweet. So G pops and friends like a registered one now. So that, that was our thing. But I give to like, we, we do a lot of animal, mostly animal stuff. I think I do, but I also work with a couple other foundations in New York.

(1h 1m 34s):
But I, I, I like it. But you get tapped a lot to be like the celebrity, like at the events. Like you have to, I've hosted so many, like things like you end up hosting and like doing, you know, the charity drives like the auctioneer and stuff like that, which is, it's fun. Like wo honors for narcolepsy, you know, Whatever you like. It's always crazy shit. You're Like, you're trying to get out there and you have to auction off this like, you know, this trip to Hawaii for these people and you run around like auctioning trying to pit people against each other. So it's fun. But I can see that being a cool, that's a cool part of it. I do a lot with the, Howard Stern does the, the North Shore Animal League. That's the big North Shore Animal League. Animal League is in, in on Long Island. It's a big dog foundation there. And they do their cat rescue with them.

(1h 2m 15s):
So I've done a couple events with the dog, with them, and it's so funny just to be at these big events. Yeah. That's them. Oh yeah. And they're, And see as many dogs as you can. So many. Yeah. I try not to take 'em home. Oh yeah. So cute. Yeah. I think I have a goal. I wanna like start like I wanna, well we want to like make like kind of like a half house, but I don't know what it's gonna be for really like an addiction place, you know. So we started a group that meets online on, on Tuesday afternoons. That's a Zoom meeting. And it's like, like intimacy disorders, sex and love addiction, all kind of stuff like that. But then It's on, it meets online. Yeah. Once a week. Yeah.

(1h 2m 55s):
That's Pretty good. And then, I mean, it's awesome. What am I saying? It's pretty good. It's cool. You see guys start to turn their lives around and stuff. That Is awesome. Yeah. But then we want to get like, eventually make like a center, you know? But we'll see one step at a time. For Sure. For sure. Like right now all the dogs live with me in my, like at my house. like I don't want eventually have like a place, A little motel tomorrow. Motel. Yeah. I wanna, it's definitely like a motel six bed and breakfast. Oh, definitely. Going through Did. you take over that one in Seattle. Did you see that there's a, somebody made a white house. Homeless people are just making their making houses. They're like, literally a lot of them aren't even homeless anymore. They're making houses, Making their own homes. Just in parks. Yeah.

(1h 3m 35s):
Just like okay. Building their Own stuff. We're building a home. Yeah. Look at this guy. Built a fricking white house somewhere. Oh My. Look at That. Near downtown Seattle. The Soto White House. That's it. He built, he made that, this guy built a fucking house with the fence and everything in there. So it's crazy that Suddenly get out there and build it. They will come, man, you just do it. You solve your own problem. This guy built His own look. He's like, stop filming my house. He came out to get the mail or something. It Even has an address on it. Number 12, go back and look at it again. He gave himself his own ad. If he gets mail there, that'd be amazing.

(1h 4m 15s):
What? That is amazing. Yeah. It's pretty. Wow. That's a pretty impressive actually. Oh, it's unbelievable. A lot of stuff people are doing. There's so many great, a lot of homeless people are just taking on ways or, or, or like, they're in, they're in between homeless and not homeless. you know what I'm saying? They're, but they're finding like a way to make it work. I mean, there's people building all kinds of like small businesses and stuff that just out on the street, you know, there's A lot of the, the barter ends up, right? Oh yeah. It's going back. It's taking like a step back inside that community where it's like, you know, help each Other out. Yeah. I'll treat you soap for nails or whatever. Something like That. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's getting human ones. No, I'm good. Even because I'm nails, I'm trying to build this white house. Yeah, it's, yeah. That's changed a little bit, Dude. Yeah. But I, it's, it's interesting to see how that community like starts Sticking together.

(1h 4m 55s):
Yeah. The same thing, man. Yeah. Oh yeah. 'cause you see homeless people, they're usually like in big groups like If, you go down to like, some of those areas. We we're just in Vancouver and they have a street there. I can't remember the hatching or something. It was Vancouver Hastings. That was it. Hastings. Yeah. And man, we went down there at night, but they're still like all in group. Somebody's got the grill out and somebody's like, it's like a tailgate. Somebody's a Jets fan or whatever, you know? And it's like, but yeah. Yeah. But it was just like out there, everybody working together. Somebody's cooking up a drug, somebody's, you know. Yeah. They're all, that's, that's like a sense of like, people are busking.

(1h 5m 36s):
They're trying to make some money, you Know? Oh yeah. I, I watched somebody the other day play tears in heaven on a vacuum cleaner down there. So it fucking, It's some real talent is what I'm saying. Get down to Hastings in Vancouver. You want fucking the next Justin Bieber. You got a tear coming outta your eye and the carpet's clean. It's freaking, how can you lose, brother can't lose. But that's what I'm saying. There's so much skill out there in a lot of these communities and they're working together, you know? Yeah. You wanna cut the AC on a little bit? It's a little warm in here. Do you think or no? Yeah. You fine. I'll take some AC If. you got it. Okay. I was in the ice bath. Oh Really? Earlier. Yeah, I was in a ice tub or something. Yeah. It gets, and then you're so cold, you don't know what's going on.

(1h 6m 17s):
How long do you do it for? I stand for 10 minutes. 10? Yeah. I never done it. I did a cold plunge in a, in a spa once and I was like, this is not for me. Yeah. But people love it. You more that warm boy, huh? No more Than that warm boy. I love a good sauna steam room at Night. Do you sleep in bed with your dogs or not? Yeah. Yeah. I got eight of 'em in the bed with us. Oh my God. Hold on. There has to be like an Amy's law or something gets said. Huh? What is, there has to be some sort, sort of, Yeah, this is, this is, yeah, this is pretty close to it actually. Wow. Yeah. Those are my, those My puffs. And do they all, do they get like P Oh no, no. SP's on this picture. Actually there's, that's biscotti. My, my favorite. The top. Do they all have to pee at the same time?

(1h 6m 58s):
Kinda like a women's Basketball team or whatever? They hold it. They hold it for 10 hours. They go, yeah, they go to the bathroom at like seven o'clock. We take 'em out and then at five 30 they're up and we take 'em down. Wow. So at five 30 you gotta take 'em down. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Even in the winter. That's Why I sleep so good. I get those, I get that four hours. I'm ready to go baby. Yeah. Even in the winter, in the rain. Oh, the rain's rough. When it rain. It's rain's worse than winter in the rain. But we have a, a run so they could go and you know, by themselves. I have to like walk them, thank goodness. But yeah, that's tough. When it's in the rain, they don't wanna go outside. Yeah. Yeah. What's, what's some, what's a crazy gift that somebody brought you guys one time? Did anybody get, And more of it's the tattoos. Like you get this too, right? People tattoo themselves.

(1h 7m 38s):
I saw this. This woman just tattooing our faces on themselves and stuff. This woman on her upper thigh gave like the, the a caricature version of the jokers, like of each of us, like around her thigh. And it just said in, and I was like, that's for life. Like that's great. Like that you sign people, like they put their tattoos on on you. That's crazy. Yeah. I started doing this thing where I, I started, people asked me, oh, could you sign me? So I, can you make a tattoo? I said, can I just draw you something instead? I said, 'cause I feel like that'd be, yeah. So I just draw a heart with like a paw. That's a heart. I was like, this is important to me. It'll be cool that you do that. So, but yeah, like see this woman has her name all written on all of us. Wow. That's all of our, she finally got all of our signatures. Yeah. She got Sal who Held out, just help The lady out. I think. I think, I think the last one was, I think the, she had to meet QI think it was, you could tell by the placement.

(1h 8m 21s):
Like she met Sal early Sal's right in the middle of the arm, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Sal Sal's got the Sal G. Look at Murray's always in the back creeping. But yeah, people that get our signatures a lot. But then people get like interpretive stuff too. Whether just be like a bowl of mashed potatoes. Of mashed potatoes. Like look, I got scoop potatoes on me. I'm like, dude, like thank you. I guess that's very odd. All 'cause of a joke you made, you know? Yeah. So that's really weird. But we've gotten like I get a lot of fan art of like drawings, like I, see you notice you have some drawings and stuff too. I get some drawings and some of them are just like, really, really well done. And it's like, wow. And then you just get some that are like, that's really bad. Oh yeah. It's like horrendous Or interesting.

(1h 9m 2s):
A lady this week gave us a painting and it had a rat and a open vagina on it. A rat of his very like a atic or whatever it was. Yeah. Something in heat or whatever, you Know? Yeah, I gotcha, gotcha. And Well, you gotta send nothing to New York. Solve that problem real quick. It was crazy, Dude. Yeah. It was just like, it was a really neat painting too. But it was definitely wild, man. Yeah. I'll have to put the picture on the YouTube if we can. I don't even know if we can put it up. I had this woman who took a picture off my Instagram of me and my daughter. It was a jewel and she made a jeweled painting of it. So she used like jewels, just different colored jewels. And she made me and my son and my daughter.

(1h 9m 42s):
Oh, that's beautiful. And it was, I framed it and I put it in my office. It was really cool. I get some really cool stuff. My, it's so funny 'cause it's so talented and I can't, you draw can can't draw for sure. No, I'm so unartistic. So I'm like taking a back by. I'm like, wow, this is really, really nice. So, Oh yeah. If our teacher tried to get me to draw, I'd accuse a teacher of touching me or something. I'd like, dude, we're shutting this down today. I didn't have, we had art history. Oh. Which is silly in high school. Like, we didn't even have like art, our art classes. Art history, Bro. Is there anything worse when you think it's gonna be art? Dude and it's art history. Dude. You get in there. Yeah. And you're like, where's the art at? Yeah. And they just give you a fucking book about stone H You gotta read. Right.

(1h 10m 22s):
And you're just out here reading about art. Reading about art is the worst. It's the worst thing. Let me read about art instead of doing it. Yeah, Dude. Even if, if when you're at the gallery or something, you see the little thing with the name. Like, I'll read only like a third of that little card that is a guy's name. It's like, Tell me what his inspiration was. I don't care. Oh God. I do like I do. Like going and sitting amongst art. I feel inspired by it. Yeah. I like taking a look, but I don't read the, the things about it. I don't know anything about artists. Yeah. I don't know a lot. you know, I can pretend about some stuff, but I don't know that much of, you know, it's like, yeah. Some stuff I know a little bit. Do you have any, do you have any art? Yeah, I got a nice piece of art. This lady.

(1h 11m 2s):
Tell Me the history of it. She, yeah, this lady is an artist outta Louisiana and I saw her in Hawaii and I bought a piece of art that she had. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. K Kowski Kowski. Can you look it up? Kowski. Laura Kowski maybe. Maui artist. L-A-U-R-A. Lori Kowski. Kowski. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. She had some really cool art. Man. That's cool. I like that. So you saw it at a gallery and you got 'em? Yeah. Yeah. I got it. And It spoke to you as they Say. Yeah. It just makes me feel like I don't know.

(1h 11m 43s):
You can feel when somebody puts something into something, you know? For sure. Yeah. Yeah. But she had some really neat things and she was from Louisiana and we met each other in Hawaii until I was like, oh this is just like a cool sign or whatever. Yeah. There's a, I did, I was in San Diego for Comic-Con. And who's the guy that Drew Bugs Bunny? Mel. Mel Blanc. Mel Blanc. Mel Blanc. Right. So they did, they did the old Warner Brothers lot used to have a Bugs Bunny stop sign. So Bugs Bunny would be standing there with a stop sign when you pulled into the lot. and he did 50 versions of it. And I bought one of those and, but it's huge. It's a size of like this. Yeah. So I actually mounted it inside a sliding door in my house.

(1h 12m 24s):
Oh, and that's So it stays in there. Yeah, It stays in there. I was like, that's a really cool thing. It signed by him and stuff. and he only made like 50 of them. And I, it wasn't that expensive. And then I went back a couple years later, this ComicCon again, the guy who was like, you set up that Bug's Bunny, right? I said, yeah. and he is like, it had gone up like exponentially. No. And I was like, really? He is like, yes. So some things like I, I didn't get in for the game. I just love Bug's Bunny. Yeah. Grew up with it, you know. So I was like, I was like, oh that's really cool. That actually it is something. But now it's a door in my house. I like I can't, if I wanted to sell, I have to sell the door. Yeah. It's that stop sign right there. Ah, that's Bugs Bunny stop of the lot. Yeah. I remember seeing that on the shows a lot. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. So Chuck Jones, that's it. Chuck Jones, not Mill. Chuck Jones. Yeah. I'm trying to think of other things that, anything else? I got another piece of art.

(1h 13m 5s):
I dunno if it's a piece of art or whatever. It's just like, there's some other nice things that people have drawn us that, that are up in the studio in the, in Los Angeles. Yeah. Some other stuff. Yeah. But yeah, it's amazing, man. People, like the other night, two kids gave me these little bracelet bracelets that they made. I Love that. Yeah. I They make the bracelets that say stuff. Yeah. Just like, that's cool. So We, that bracelet culture. 'cause Taylor Swift, she did something right there with that. I mean, everybody's giving out bracelets. I love that. You get them all the time. So I get bracelets from the kids and I, I actually bring them home and my daughter loves 'em. My daughter will like keep 'em and stuff. It says, yeah. Yeah. I have a, I have a pretty good collection. They're like different like rocks or something. People give you rocks. But then somebody brought me their molars one time they'd gotten taken out. Somebody brought me, What's the story behind it for a reason?

(1h 13m 47s):
Or just wanted to give it to you? I can't even remember what it was. Yeah, I, oh, it was crazy. People have brought me like a box that smelled so fucking bad. Dude opened it up and it just, there was nothing in it and it just smelled fucking horrible. I'm like, it's Hot soup water from Hawaii. Probably a fuck. Just what? Yeah. you know. Oh, that's terrible. I've gotten, I've gotten some like weird stuff too, but a lot of people just like to bring me food. Yeah. Oh yeah. Because I'm known for being like a sweet tooth kind of, you know, kind of guy. So I'll get paid. People bring me in cannolis and like pastries and like donuts and stuff. That's awesome. you know? But I, I'll never eat. like, I made you these cookies at home. I'm like, I'm not eating these.

(1h 14m 28s):
It's like in a saran wrap. Like it's still like greasy. I'm like, I'm good. Like, they're like, eat one. I'm like, I'll eat it later. Like make sure you do. Yeah. Like, it's so weird. There's like tracking devices in it. Oh, I had a guy bring me 10 hits of L SD one time. He's like, I know you're sober, but here's 10 hits of LSD. And I was like, this fucking could go. Do you know how sober means any direct, this could go, this could go, this could go poorly. Yeah. But yeah, a lot of times just some super neat stuff and yeah, it's crazy sometimes. And then just people like adding to your world of like, of your podcast or of your show, you know, or of you guys' podcast or, which is kind of fascinating. Yeah. What else is going on, dude? Oh, I saw that the SpaceX, they're going to pick up the, those the astronauts that got stranded.

(1h 15m 16s):
You see that? Oh, I did not. So two astronauts got stranded. Right? I knew that part. Crewmates On the International Space Station and for the stranded astronauts, the arrival of their ride home. Perhaps an additional reason for Butch and Sunny to celebrate Power. And with Crew nine, The SpaceX rescue mission was launched from Florida with just two astronauts on board. The other two seats kept free for the extra passengers when it returns to Earth in February. It is a coup for the company, but an embarrassment for Boeing, which is still trying to work out why Thrusters on its own. Starliner capsule failed as it docked in June, leaving the test pilots marooned.

(1h 15m 59s):
Lots of cheering here in the room. There you go. So, so they called, they called an Uber. They called, they called an Uber. And they're like, can you come get us? They called Uber X dude. They, so yeah, Elon's SpaceX is going to pick up these two stranded astronauts, bro. Imagine being just stranded out there. That's insane. Imagine you think you're going home, you're supposed to go home. And then they're like, no, it's gonna be from June to February, it's gonna be seven more months. Eight more months. Do, I mean there's gotta be nine more months. Sorry, nine months. Do they have enough, do they have enough food packets of oatmeal? Do they They kinda have enough, right? I bet they pack like ahead, but like surely seven, nine months more.

(1h 16m 40s):
Yeah, that's a full baby being born like that. That's wrong. And even the person who packed it up was probably like, they're not gonna be out there that long. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's take someone this oatmeal alone. Hundred percent. They don't need this much as oatmeal. Not a, yeah. You think they need 80 jars of apple sauce? Give 'em 68 lemon on the difference. Meanwhile, they're up there like licking the spoon. We just had 12 more jars. God, dude. But yeah, Elon's going to get 'em. I actually tweeted at him the other day to see if they would let me go. I wanted to interview the Oh go would be sick dude. They said to Theona, go pick him up. Let's, would you take that risk? You think if they said you could go? No, Definitely not.

(1h 17m 20s):
Definitely Not. That's a big risk. It would feel Like. Yeah, but that would be, that's a one in bajillion thing. Nobody else would ever say they did that, you know, picked him up. Who'd they send, did they send people that were equipped to do it or was it, I don't know. I hopefully they sent Ben Affleck because He's working on the drill. Well I think he could just use Him and Bruce Willis is who I'd wanna send. Right. They they got, they got that work work experience. Bruce Willis is al, he's out to space currently. I think he's true. He's has dementia right now. Yeah. Which is basically free outer space. That's, you know what I'm saying? He's just there and I'm just joking. Bruce Willis. Yes, but no, Sunita Williams and Barry Wilmore have been strained in on the ISS since June. After the Boeing spacecraft suffered thruster failures.

(1h 17m 60s):
SpaceX rescue flight will not return until February. Oh Wait, it arrived already though. But arrived. So they already picked them Up. No way. But arrived just after 10:30 PM on Sunday. Oh, So they already, they're There. They're already In, that was really them picking 'em up. They're in today. They're in, but at the ride back, they're gonna, they're hitting some traffic. Oh. It looks like, it looks like the ways Map is telling them that they're gonna be hitting some traffic. Okay. So they got them so halfway there. So coming back must take so much longer then. Yeah. Yeah. How'd they get there so quick? That doesn't make sense, I guess. So Let me see. When did they leave to go get 'em? Naq and Fer in August? That the two will return to earth and will not return until 2025 with SpaceX now in charge of rescuing the astronauts on a crew Dragon flight.

(1h 18m 43s):
But What, what's the plan if they don't send SpaceX? What's the plan? How do they get these guys home? They put their homes out the side. Like I a crew situation. Like, come on, stroke. Stroke. Take that. You Do the real Right. What is the plan? What is Boeing's plan? Oh, that's crazy. If, if Elon doesn't bail him out like that, That's crazy. That there's a late Yeah, but everybody's flights are getting delayed now. That's the crazy thing. It's like You're equating a Southwest flight being delayed. It's still a flight. It's true. I guess. I guess on favor. Everybody's having trouble, dude. Nobody's Above it, man. Yeah, we're all just human at the end of the day. Nobody's above it.

(1h 19m 24s):
But yeah, I wanted to get to interview the two astronauts podcast with 'em. Yeah. But They'll come. We'll see. You think so? You Get it. I mean, it would be Interesting. Yes. Then yeah, if they're fans, yeah, sure. Not If they're just, they don't have anything. If they don't have anything to do, also, you know, I mean, their job's done. They never have to work a day again in their life. Right. They're done. They get some sort of pension. You think, oh, you kidding? You're name a bigger hero. You went and saved two people from space. That's, that's a movie plot. A real life movie plot. But that's working for nasa, that's working for the government, man. Yeah, dude, you work at the post office, they barely give you a fucking, you know, that's true. Some guy was, guy was stalled over on McDougall. I couldn't pick him up for three weeks.

(1h 20m 4s):
Where's Jim? Oh, his car broke down on McDougall. We'll see him in March. Yeah. So let's don't put it past the government. First of all, if the government said, Hey, I want to take you and a buddy to space, I'd be like, fuck no, dude. You guys can't even decide on the correct price of stamps, dude. All, all Expense paid. You guys are going to space. Thanks. I'm good. I'll Be like, dear God, no, but everything's become privatized now. That's just how everything is, you know? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Even rescue missions apparently. Yeah. Yeah. It's Crazy. It's like, it used to be, everything was kind of like, the public things were rocking, you know? And then now it's like Not, they're just going Home. It used to be the post system, now it's Amazon, you know, it's just like everything's kind of, yeah.

(1h 20m 48s):
Or, or a lot of things have become more that way. Hmm. What else is going on with you, man? Sorry, I feel kind of tired today. Okay. Do I seem tired? No, you're Doing great. Really? Am I boring? No. Okay, good. You're doing great, dude. I've been trying to fast a lot and so I think it's slowing my energy down some. Yeah. You look good though. I feel pretty good. Where Are you in your weight when your weight loss journey, or your weight gain journey? Are you like trying to do something either way? No, I've just been trying to fast just to like, see if it helps my brain get like more like sharp. Yeah. Just sharp and just like they say it can like reduce inflammation and stuff like that. Gotcha. Yeah. But then you find yourself like, suddenly you can't think or anything. Right. You're like, Well, you get cloudy. Yeah. Yeah. But I, maybe it's just part of the process.

(1h 21m 28s):
Do you, Do you do, do you drink caffeine? Do you drink like coffee and stuff or? No, I've been off of it for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. So I do a cup of coffee. You do? That's it's, yeah, I do coffee. I, I had a cup before I came here. That's why I'm so bright-eyed. I, I normally have one early in the mor earlier in the morning, but I didn't get, get one. I was, I was kind of late getting it, but I got one in the afternoon and I realized, like, it woke me up a little bit. Yeah. So that's good. Yeah. Oh yeah, dude, one time I took 30 days off a coffee man, and I felt wide awake, dude. Did you. Yeah. Yeah. I felt like rocking bro. Really? Yeah. I, I, I think for sure like I also like the taste of it. There's some people that don't even like the taste of it, but I enjoy a cup of coffee. Yeah. There's some people like, oh, I need my coffee when I wake up because I gotta wake me up. I never drink it to wake me up.

(1h 22m 9s):
I drink it just because I wanted to like I enjoy a cup of coffee. Oh yeah. And that's a warm beverage. Yeah. It's nice, you Know? Yeah. There's something nice about it. Something kind of romantic about it a little bit By the fire. Cozying up. What else is happening, dude? What else is going on, Joe? I got lots, man. you know, I got my kids' book came out. Wheres Barry's? Really fun. Yeah. And what's it about? So You Did You had another kid's book A few years ago I had a, a Book, a cookbook. It was a, A photo book. Photo book. The dog father, my love of dogs, desserts and growing up Italian. Yeah. And I was, during Covid, I had taken pictures of my dogs because I'm a photographer, amateur photographer too. And I had done a bunch, but my words berry book just came out and ah, that's cool.

(1h 22m 50s):
It's, it's like a legit book, which is cool. It got published by Penguin. No way. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, congratulations. And that's Spa's actually in the book too. But that's my son and my childhood bear, he animated for me. So that's really cool to see that happen. you know, And, what happens with Barry? What's he dealing with? What is it? So, my son in at Remo, he lost his bear in its bedtime. So he is having to little bit of a meltdown, you know, and that's like the worst catastrophe for any parent. So he has to go find it. But in reality it's based on a story. My son is beside himself at night and he's like, I can't find it, blah. And I was like, alright, well where'd you put it? And I had to teach him how to like calm down and trace his steps. But he had, he was decided in real life to play hide and seek with it. and he hid it under a pot in the kitchen, like I in a cabinet.

(1h 23m 32s):
I never would've found it ever. Yeah. So I had to like calm him down and he went and found it. So I wrote this book up and I sent it over and the guy that did it, Luke Flowers is awesome. He's a huge jokers fan. He put a bunch of jokers, like Easter eggs in it. Yeah. Which is really cool. The ice, when I got the first things. But it's, it's a really good book. I mean, I like being a part of bedtime. I think it's pretty fun, you know? Yeah. I read it to my kids, my kid and my son. I went to their school, got to read it to the school, which was fun. Yeah. So my, my son's like, he's like, I'm in a book, you know? It's really cool. Was he excited when his dad came to school or not? Yeah. Yeah. He's super excited when they love when I get to come to school and do stuff. But they come on the road with me too, which is cool. They're gonna come on the road with me next week, actually. They'll be two weeks they'll be with me and they're gonna come hang out on the road, which I love.

(1h 24m 15s):
I love to get to take him out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's fun. They, you know, they love coming on stage at the end and bowing like they did at the end of the special. It's really fun. But they just like to be like room service, you know? It's like, can we get pancakes? Like, you know, it's like, it is like, feels like a king, which is fun. They get to see these towns, which I like too. They get to go to different places, you know? I like them. Oh yeah. To not be, you know, sheltered. I want them to see the world and stuff. Yeah. We were just in Milwaukee. Milwaukee was a really amazing city that I didn't know it was like that. Oh Yeah. Milwaukee is great Bro. I had no idea. And then there was another city that we were just in. Springfield. Missouri. Springfield. Missouri. Yeah. Yeah. It's a sleeper. Yeah.

(1h 24m 55s):
Yeah. It's a fun one. I love it. Yeah. And yeah, I don't even remember where else Jesus brain. Yeah. But isn't that, that's like my favorite part about it is like when you go to these little towns, two years ago I wanted to perform live comedy. I wanted to perform live in all 50 states. So I did it, I, I got, I checked off all of 'em. My last one was Fargo, North Dakota. Yeah. I went through there. Yeah. Which a cool, such a cool little town, you know? And then you get to all these little towns. I love that about going down Main Street. You see all their little stores, all their, Oh yeah. Little things. Mom and pops. Yeah. Every Store, every street's got like a candles and bullshit, you know, kind of store and they got their coffees and you just walk around. I love that. That's so cool. Yeah. That is awesome. Oh yeah. Just a simple fact to getting to see certain places man. Like we got to go through like Eastern Oregon and that was just Did.

(1h 25m 40s):
you ever Do the Coast Drive? Did, you ever do that? Drive on like the Pacific Coast Highway. I never done it. Oh no. Yeah. That's really Fun. Oh, wait, I've done it down by California, but I've never done it all the way up. Up. Yeah. So my wife, when she was, when I, she was still my girlfriend, I picked her up. She lived in, off near Seattle, this town in Seattle. So we took her from Seattle and I drove her down to her parents in San Francisco. Oh. So that was such a pretty drive. And then when I lived in LA I never did it all the way, but I've connected each piece, you know. But it's really cool. It's, it's like movie sets. It's unreal. Yeah. you know, it's pictures of it. That's so pretty. Yeah. America's a beautiful country, man. Yeah. There's so many cool spots. Yeah. We just saw some Mennonites too. We were in Little Rock, I think, and they, we saw some Mennonites outside of there.

(1h 26m 20s):
Bring up a Mennonite. There you go. What Was that? Was it creepy? No, they were cool. It was just Did. you see 'em at night? No, they disappear. Right. Oh, I dunno what they did. I dunno what they're off to at night. Well, we saw some, yeah. Lit up ones. We saw some daytime ones. Daytime Mennonites. It's my favorite time of Mennonite at nighttime. Mennonite. That's kind of creepy. Yeah. That's like a, that's like a major like trope in horror films. Right. It's like that type of life. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. I, I, I could never do that. What are people feeling? Is there a lot of, do you see a lot of political stuff up in Staten Island? Is it like a Long Island? Yeah. Not really. I mean, I, I feel like it's polarized everywhere. Yeah. you know, but I kind of steer clear of that stuff.

(1h 27m 1s):
I don't, I don't really try to put my opinions on people because I don't know much about anything, you know? and we really make their own thing. Yeah. Do you find yourself getting in the mix a lot? No, I think so. Like, it's like, it's hard for me to talk, think about it and talk about it at the same time. Sometimes it's like, and I don't know when to like, kind of put my thoughts in. Like, this year we started having just different people on like, like we had some politicians on, and then we had like, like even last week we had Mark Cuban on, and we talked about some political stuff. But sometimes it's hard for me to like, think and share what I want at the same time, you know? Right. Yeah. Just some of those conversations is not as fun, you know, it's just, it's not fun. It's not as fun.

(1h 27m 41s):
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then you want, that's Why people don't really talk about politics, you know? 'cause it's like, yeah. It's a divisive in nature. Yeah. You gotta pick a side. So Yeah. You wanna be respectful too, of what somebody thinks. But at the same time, sometimes it's like, you don't want to get into like a rebuttal. And then it's like, you know, so it's just some of that's kind of like a learning curve, even with doing podcasts. And it's like, how do you get into conversations with people also when they have more knowledge than you do too about stuff. Or they can, Because you're learning and contributing at the same Time. Or they think they have more knowledge, you know? Right. Because then you feel like, well, I think something, but I may not know a fact on it, but it's, it is how I feel. Yeah. you know, and like when to speak up, When people try to talk you outta feelings, that's like the worst thing ever. When you feel a certain way about anything, you know, and they try to like disprove how you feel about something.

(1h 28m 26s):
like, I feel like that's wrong, well, blah, blah, blah. And I hit you with all these like facts, which some were probably made up, you don't even know. And it's like, okay. But I still feel that way. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Whatcha trying to talk me out of, you know? Exactly, dude. Yeah. That's an interesting thing to What else is happening in the news? What else is going on, man? You read the news when you wake up. How do you get your, how do you get your news? That's a good question. Yeah. Probably TikTok. Yep. Websites. That's it really. Stuff That comes across your radar. Yeah. Kind of like that. Or things that I'll, I'll see kind of over and over again. Yeah. Dude, you see that snake that's head got bit off and it still bit itself.

(1h 29m 7s):
Bring it up. Watch this. They cut the snake's head off, right? Yeah. That's its head at the bottom. That is insane. And so, yeah, that's from Satan. Dude. You think it's having a bad day and then it just gets What? Oh, bro, look at that. That is It bit, its head was a foot away from the end of its body. It Taps it, and then there you go. And then the, the other end of the snake curls over and touches the head just reflexively. And it just opens his mouth and, and instinctually just chomps down on itself. And now the snake is like, not only have I lost my head, but now it's biting me.

(1h 29m 50s):
Look, I've tried to do some things to myself, You. know what I'm saying? That's The talent right There in junior high or whatever. But this is kind of crazy, bro. Did, you, Did you do, do you have a fear of anything? Are you afraid of like Snakes? Oh, snakes make me very nervous. That makes me n I'm not really afraid of snakes. That would, that clip changes my Opinion. Well, it makes me feel like they're directly from Satan. Also. Huge corporations make me very nervous. Snakes and huge corporations. Two bigots. Sure. Evil. Yeah. Yeah. Those are tough. Those are tough. Yeah. And genocide also makes me nervous too. A little bit. Yeah. And we're, we're talking in no particular water. Yeah. Yeah. Well people that, All three of those things make me pretty nervous. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes you see animals pull off some stuff and you just can't believe like that they're real with stuff.

(1h 30m 35s):
You ever see, like when you see these falcons, they're like a hundred feet out of the water and they see a fish and they just dive, get it outta the water and just come up and have lunch. No, it's like I missed a turn on the way here. And I have GPS You know what I mean. It's like crazy. It's crazy what some of these animals could do, but biting yourself with your head off. That's Oh yeah. That's Bonkers. That's some Diddy shit, dude. Yeah. Look at these are, these are nuts. They just d and they go underwater. They can't and they can't breathe 'em. They just, oh my God. Just dive it and go in. He's just like, boom, I'm just gonna grab this fish right outta the water. Oh, If. you could train a falcon to do that. And you showed up like at a bass tournament. Everybody's there with their rod. You're just there with the little helmet on it.

(1h 31m 15s):
No, go ahead. Maximus. It's hard to eat. Yeah. In 30 minutes you got, you're done. I love Birds. You're done for that day. You do? I Love birds, man. If I could have a falcon, I'd have a falcon. I had a, I had a, I had a African gray parrot for a minute. No way. Oh, the best Maximus. His name was, he was a little, little bird I had. He was so fun. Yeah, those guys, they're super smart. And can, are these the ones that can read and write or no? Yeah. They're, they're the most intelligent of the parrot. Wow. Yeah. They got that red tail. They're really fun. But I didn't teach a how to talk because I only taught to go like that because they live to 80 years old. I don't want 80 years old to like, hello. like I don't want 80 years of saying hello to this bird.

(1h 31m 56s):
So I didn't teach how to say anything, Dude, come Like, I, I'm gonna be answering questions. That's like having a toddler. Whatever. You don't teach him anything. It's a bird though. He liked his life for a while. It was great. And. what happened in the end? I moved, I, I ended up moving to LA and I didn't have an apartment or anything, and I was living with a friend, so I couldn't bring a bird and a bird cage with me. Oh yeah. So I ended up, there was this bird rescuer that worked at, with the Bronx Zoo, and she, she came over and took it and interviewed her and she was really nice. So They got a good zoo in the Bronx. A lot of union work, a lot of union animals, A lot of union animals up there. It's clean. A lot of union animals. Yeah. The Bronx Zoo is like one of the biggest ones. Wow. you know, it's, they do a big thing at the holidays too. I think all the zoos do it where they light up, like do that like at night thing.

(1h 32m 37s):
Oh yeah. And it's really, really cool. Animals at night or whatever. Yeah. Like, yeah. I Saw when I went to Australia, I did the weirdest thing. I, they had the, the nocturnal animals. They changed their clock on them. So they make, they're all indoors in this facility. Right. There's like these mice and whatnot. And they change their clock because they're supposed to be asleep at night that they make it sun at night inside this building. No, it's sun up. Mm. And then during the day, they make it night in this building. Isn't that a War cry Doing that? I think it is. I, I think these mice are like, Hey, they get, if they ever get out in the wild, it's not gonna do it. But it's good. You walk in, it's like you're walking through the prairies at night. I think it was in Sydney. The Sydney Zoo or wherever I was. And it was crazy. Like, you walked in and it was like you were walking through Wow.

(1h 33m 18s):
And they had all these mice running around, all these different owls bats. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. I wouldn't be able to be a night animal dude. No, you, you're too lazy. Well, it's just too risky out there. Something. Fuck, like, attacks you in the dark or something. Something always sees better than you. Yes. That's tough. Yeah, dude. And If, you can't see that good. And it's nighttime or whatever. Yeah. And you're like, I'm an animal or whatever. You're, you're done These scary movies too, where people like run through the woods at night. No, I'm gonna stay here until the sun comes up and then I'll figure it out. Yeah. like I trying to run through and stuff. can, can't do that. Yeah. Like they used to. It was Friday, the 13th movies. They were like that. Yeah. Did. you ever watch those? Yeah. Yeah. I did. I did. I like some horrors and stuff. Yeah. That's it. Nocturnal house. The Targa Zoo, upper nocturnal house.

(1h 33m 59s):
Yep. Australia. So, see that? That's the indoor, so they totally change it. It's, it's broad daylight outside. You walk into night, it's, and these stupid, these crazy squirrel things. And all the Australian animals are all batshit crazy. They, they got some weirdest animals over there. Oh, definitely. Well, even If, you think about like, it's funny 'cause If you looked at, he like, say If, you walked into the forest or whatever, and they had, you saw a bear in there. Right. But he was drinking, you know, he's sitting there drinking like 20 cups of coffee and smoking cigarettes and it's like on his computer all day. You'd be like, something's wrong with this fucking bear. The other bears are just having fun. Right. Scratching their backs on trees, dude.

(1h 34m 40s):
you know, eating berries or whatever. And he's just over there like, you know, gotta get This report to corporate. Yeah. Like this bear's got something wrong with 'em. Right. It just shows you what sick animals. We are just like humans. We've gotten kind of sick, you know? Yeah. Bear appears to carry a laptop, a computer at Montana. Roadside. Nevermind dude. This Guy, he was like, dude, I gotta give Theo a story. Wow. People get stupid around bears though. They always wanna pet 'em. Yeah. Like that's, it's gotta be the number one, one mo attack. Yeah. There's always a video in the background. The kids like, touch 'em Down. They, and people think they're scarier than them. They're going, oh, oh. Meanwhile the bear ripped the head off. Like, it's so dumb.

(1h 35m 20s):
Don't Be a wimp dog. Yeah. Go get a do as a fucking Dad puts a bike helmet on and he goes to fucking talk to the bear. Like, It's okay. and he puts his hand out and he iss like, oh. Oh. Like, what are you doing? The bears? like, I'm gonna eat you. You dumb human. It's so stupid. People get so ballsy or so scared of bears. It's unbelievable. Yeah. Dude. I don't know why people think bears are friendly because the one, because they look cute. Right. But the people are like, oh, they're friendly. But like, nobody goes up to like lions and tries to pet 'em. Lions are cute too. Right. But they're not as they bears have been like commercialized as being so cute. The barren stained bears. Right, right. You got it. The teddy bear. Yeah, the teddy bear. you know it. Yeah. So bear grills.

(1h 35m 60s):
Yeah. People approach him like that. you know, It's got the fight. People just bear spray him all the time. No, no, no. Give a tongue finger to a bear. He is like, you're not gonna eat meat today, Dude. That'd be the best. You see a bear like in a, a Hakeem, olajuwon jersey somewhere, you know, or in a nuggets jersey. And the bears. The bear's going eat your Yeah. Dude. Nature's crazy man. Do you think that we are, we are like divinely separate? Or do you think that we're just part of nature, do you think? I think there's a, I think we're, I think we're part, yeah.

(1h 36m 41s):
It's, it's hard. I, I, I think we are part of it, but I'm not sure if, I think we fit in in a different way. We think we fit in a different way than we do. I think it's like we are supposed to be part of the mix way more. We're not in charge of half this shit, you know? Yeah. We're Supposed to be part of the mix. Way more. Yeah. It's a hundred percent. Like we have to put these animals in cages to control 'em. And some are like where're the dumb species. Like Yeah. Really Let 'em outta the zoo and see what happens. I think it's crazy that way. Yeah. I love animals though. Yeah, man. I think, I wish I would spend more time around my, we had a this neuroscientist on and she was saying that, yeah. Being around animals, being around horses. Horses are big. Right. Even just If, you have a big family and you all sleep together in the same house.

(1h 37m 21s):
That it creates more like feelings of like low stress, you know? Yeah. Horses are used a lot in therapy. Right. Equine therapy, what they call it. Whatever you like. Hug a horse. You go to a ranch for like a month. Yeah. Those are big. They think it's like a horse hugging. That's the thing. I didn't make that up. That's Real. But then it can escalate too because You, I married this horse, I found love in Arizona. You'll end up in d in one of those donkey shows or whatever. How does equine therapy help trauma victims? That's a good question. Equine therapy is an excellent option for trauma victims who have a hard time opening up about their experiences or who feel overwhelmed. Anxiety or panic. Equine therapy provides a unique environment in which individuals are able to heal their invisible wounds in a way that is intuitive and fun.

(1h 38m 7s):
It's fun. Therapy could be fun, man. This Is a website I think trying to sell us something. Is there actually, do you, can you find something that's a little bit more information? Just like the actual information, please. I'm curious about that. Yeah, there's a, because How do you do it? you know, so it's Basically just kinda like you're around 'cause they're low stress animals or like, you know, you, you have to be calm around a horse or you have to calm yourself down. I think that's part of it. So I think that's, that that does it. But it's, it's weird. Like you see these people, like they're laying down with the horses and just petting them and they're, you see what the problems they were dealing with. It's crazy. Oh Yeah. I met two alpacas outside of a Lowe's outside of Park, outside Park City.

(1h 38m 47s):
What were they picking up? Some. Some. They're picking up some two by fours. I don't, No. I don't know what they were doing. One of 'em named Macaroni. I remember that. But, oh, that's great. Love that. I like to put that video in of it. The movement of horses can improve motor function and core strength. No. The psychological effects of equine assist that therapy become from the horse's ability to recognize human emotions and provide an intentional Response. Intentional response. Okay. So If you like you're freaking out. They'll just come over and be like, look, it's okay. I'm a horse. Improve self-esteem. Okay. Yeah. Man. I think my brain just feels slow today. Did. you ever have slow days? Did you take days off? Sometimes. I just got off the road too for a few days and it was just like, that's Always the hard one.

(1h 39m 30s):
Yeah. You think? Yeah. I think when you get back to settle in, it's, it's nice you're trying to readjust because your clock's off too, right? 'cause like you're having that high of doing a show at night, meeting all those people and doing everything right. Yeah. So it's a little different. You're not, you don't get that at home. Yeah. Yeah. What time you normally go to bed if you're at home? If I'm at home by 11. Oh Really? Yeah. What about you? I go to bed probably around one. No Way. 1:00 AM Yeah. 12 One. Yeah. Joe, That's late. Yeah. I know. I probably should get more sleep, but I, like I said, I sleep hard with these so long I can. Good. Five hours. I'm rearing to go. I'm a napper though. Sometimes I'll shut it down for 20. I like a good cat nap. Oh yeah. I'll grab a nap. You nap?

(1h 40m 10s):
Yeah. Dude, I like nap, bro. Think Nap is the best. I think they're the best. Could you, could you nap for longer though? Like if I go over like 25 minutes, half hour, I'll, I'm like, I slept. like I need To go to sleep. like I, I can, you know, My dream is to take an alarm. Less nap. Dude, Wake up when the body says it's time. Yeah. Dude, friend. God starts pulling on your strings again. That's Right. Yeah. Blacked out curtains. Yeah. Maybe the ACS on. I Like it. AC on. Earplugs in, fan on. Yeah. One of those Vietnamese water fountains playing in the back or whatever. You got it. Of course. Water Dripping directly on my forehead in the center. like I. Like all, I like to be like a POW, you Know? That's it. Getting out, right? Yeah. Oh, I want, yeah, you do. Do you do ear?

(1h 40m 50s):
I want somebody that's just slip me a small tent of beans around 8:00 PM and that's the only food. Do maybe load paper cuts on your foot, Dude. like I. Did. you Did. you do ear. Do you do like I'll do earplugs. Yeah. Earplugs. Yeah. Did I wear earplugs now? Soon I was to like 11:00 AM It's like there's just too much noise in the world. I don't want any of it. I don't care. Oh wow. I've heard so much of it. Put the earplugs in. See people they don't know. Oh yeah. Talk loud to 'em. Like god. Neighbor's loud. Yeah. Theo's got his ear coming out. Do you have them in now? No, I Don't. I don't. I don't. Alright, good, good. But I'll put 'em out. Yeah, I'll put 'em in a lot. Dude. Put In. That's good though, to shut you down. What Else do I do? What's something else that I like to do a lot.

(1h 41m 34s):
Oh. I used to sleep in a neck brace when I was young to try to make my neck longer. Did. you ever do anything like that? Stretch it Out? Yeah. No, I didn't sleep in a neck brace, but I had A, it's hard. It's pretty hard to do. Did. you Ever have braces growing up? Oh yeah. Yeah. So I had braces. I was the last one to get it from my doctor totally threw this thing where, you know, he had the headgear thing and like he, 'cause I was the last one in the family, he was like milking it and he didn't want the gats to be outta that ortho orthodontic game, you know? So I had to wear a headgear for like, for, I had braces for five years and he was like, you had to wear the headgear, you know, when you sleep. And I was like, You know what? I don't wanna wear it for five years. I'm just gonna wear 'em all the time. So I just used to wear it like 24 7 Headgear.

(1h 42m 17s):
Yeah, I'd have the headgear on much Like an air traffic controller. Yeah. I would've just have the like peace thing. Yeah. Similar to that. Oh my. That's a, that's a little bit, yeah. Could you google like nine 1980s? Like that's, that's like keep your mouth open then. Yeah. That thing. Yeah. Like the headband thing. Like I still the same thing basically. So bro, early braces was crazy. Crazy when you saw something with that shit on, you'd be like, what are you a part of? I know I'd go to school like that. Yeah. What Could, 'cause I didn't wanna wear braces for so long. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's, it was weird. That's what I, that's the one thing I really did. But that was because I wanted to get be done with it sooner. That might be me. Actually that picture right there, That third one, that guy looks Third one there.

(1h 42m 57s):
That guy looks rubble Dude. Yeah, he is like, I don't wanna do this. Yeah. Those things were crazy dude. All. Yeah. Like what? What were the first braces ever? I wonder what did they look like? The first teeth braces? I Don't know any before this. Besides the silver things. They were glue to your teeth, right? They put it on with the adhesive to the front of your teeth. That's what I had the exposed ones. Kinda like 2D has right there. Yeah. And then they put the ones with the little rubber bands on. Rubber Bands underneath theater. You could see that you have to bring back the overbite. Yeah. But then the big one was when they went to a clear phone, clear one. So they were trying to fool you that it was clear Egyptian mummies were found with metal bands around their teeth. And archeologists believed they used cat gut to tie the bands together to move them.

(1h 43m 37s):
Primitive orthodontic appliances were also found with early Greek and Roman artifacts. Really? They were getting in that straight. Your teeth came early. Ugh. But imagine using cat gut. Cat gut. Your tongue Cat. Gut your tongue. That's right. That's probably where it comes from. Oh my. We thought it was God. It's cat Gut your tongue. and we solving, we're solving mysteries. Here. Cut your tongue. Dude. You got cat gut tongue. Look at this shit, bro. Oh, Oh my God. Oh, they like drilled through the teeth though. That's not right. They should have done that. That doesn't seem correct. Horrible ideas. Yeah. This is also who, who knows if this is a reliable website, it's 1 2 3 dentist com. So I did, they might have put this up together in Canva in the back and just like threw together a graphic Bro.

(1h 44m 23s):
That's the crazy thing about news nowadays. You don't know what's news And, what isn't? No, I mean, it's crazy. You don't know what is real, what isn't. You can go down a rabbit hole. You could. And even the real, You find something gets disproved on the next page. Yeah. And the real news channels, they're not even serving you news. No. So it's like, what the fuck are they? They're opinions. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why I asked you where you get your news from. And you said TikTok. Yeah. Which is an insane answer. If, you think about it. TikTok rumors What my neighbor says. Oh, for sure. Whispers at the, at the, at the coffee bean People things yell out during sex or whatever. Anything that's Yeah. Did. you hear about that? Yeah. I heard it from Doreen. My neighbor. Yeah, Dude, trust me. Every now and then when Hank's home early, she leaves her window open.

(1h 45m 6s):
You'll get the real scoop. Oh She's, she's yelling. SpaceX is saving the astronauts. Like God. Well one of you guys come already. He's Sick of hearing this Near pods. Dude, you, what about all that Diddy stuff? Man, he's gonna go down. Huh? Did. you ever meet him? I never met him. Never met him. No. We're asking everybody now In New York. He was always around. But I never, I, I never met. I mean that was, you know, I'm only in the public eye for a decade now. He's been around forever. I never really ran. I know him. Now Seeing him though is kind of crazy seeing that all that happened. you know, I, to me it's crazy. I wonder if say he does have tapes or information on like other people, right.

(1h 45m 51s):
Other people. Yeah. I wonder if they are gonna use that to get people to support different, like I wonder if the government is gonna use that to get people to support different Agendas, Agendas, political agendas. Like that's what I wonder. It's like, okay, this tape won't come out. Yes. We need you to support this candidate or we need you to support this bill or bill or policy or something. Yeah. I mean it's not beyond comprehension, right? I don't think so. Yeah. I mean there's definitely stuff that people are afraid to have out there. For sure. I mean, you know, he famously said that he's got tapes of stuff and everybody knows so, And then imagine If, you were ever even there.

(1h 46m 32s):
Yeah. Even If. you were just eating an or d'oeuvre really hard. You sitting with hey before you realize what's going on. You're just having some deviled eggs and you turn to your left and you're like, I should leave. But they already got you on camera. Deviled eggs, you know, that's rough. A couple four eggs in a baguette in your mouth or something. And people are like, this guy's involved. I don't know. That would be, ugh. Yeah, that's right. I mean it's gonna be interesting how it shakes out for sure. I think it's gonna be, that's gonna be a long time coming out though, right? That's not gonna be like a, I think it's gonna go on for a While. Yeah. They gotta drag that out. They Gotta drag that out for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. What else is going on? This is a, you're such an interesting fellow.

(1h 47m 12s):
I am. You are? Yeah. Do you feel that because you are one of the most interesting people to sit down with. I love it. No, I just, every time we sit down, dude, I love it. Really? I just feel like I. Yeah. I feel like my brain is a little bit off today. Kind of. It's actually, it's been good. I just sometimes feel a little bit like I. Don't know. Like you got too much sleep. You didn't get enough sleep. I don't know. Yeah. you know, it's A mixture of both. You need a nap and we gotta, we gotta tie you up and drop some water on you. We okay. Get you in some sleep. Yeah. Did. you ever go do one of those military shows abroad? Like Oh, military tours? No. No. I didn't. I I wanted to. I'd never did that. Have you? Yeah, Those is pretty Cool. Was that cool? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Just 'cause you get to go to places you never would even think that we have like military presence and you're like, oh my gosh, we're in this place.

(1h 47m 56s):
And like suddenly you're performing and there's just like people, you know, Did, you get like The military escorts and all that stuff too. Is that like when you, when you're going on the way there? I had a Girl who offered a BJ to me once in a black hawk. That's not, not that kind escort. I meant like they take you not like a girl who's in the military Offering. Yeah, I know what you're talking about now. No, this girl. But she had like, oh my god. Yeah. I just remember in A black hawk. Yeah. She's like, there's Black Hawk down. Yeah. She Was Blackhawk down man. Well, Black Haw. I dunno what she was into. She was white hawk down. I, that dude.

(1h 48m 36s):
But she, yeah, and I, I, yeah, I just, I didn't do it. I think I got too nervous. She also had a big, huge pimple on her neck and it made me nervous too. Yeah, that's a, that's not gonna do it for you. It just made me so nerv. I was like, I, don't you know? Does she have one neck? Her piece? I don't, Yeah. Some weird, she haven't hurt all the disease, So I don't know. That shit may, but then, oh, one time there was another time on a military, I think it was an Air Force base. They were doing like runs in the morning and some girl came by my room in the morning and I don't remember what it, you know, I don't dunno exactly remember what happened, but it was all above board or whatever.

(1h 49m 19s):
Yeah, yeah. But Yeah, above board they did love too on the, on the basis. Yeah. She was, she, she was probably a little late for work, two minutes late for work, but still. Yeah. Yeah. She was just a couple, just a couple minutes. I'll turn her around. I'm not gonna break. She was, yeah, She was a second slate for Work. I've been a 30 at most. Yeah, I hear that. What's been something that you didn't expect about heading off in a standup comedy? Like Did, you expect it would be different. Did. you expect it, it would be like the challenge of it. like I know you've always been on stage and been a performer. Yeah. The challenge of it for sure. Yeah. Like to have to talk for 65 minutes, like, you know, and do all that and just put it together that way. That was really like the crafting of the hour was such a, it's such a really cool thing to do, you know?

(1h 50m 5s):
And being aware enough to be like, this isn't as funny as the other stuff. This has to go. That was such a weird thing. Like Ed the editing of the hour, you know, is like where you think this is gonna be a great part of it. And then you go and just some other stupid thing that happened and you're like, oh wow, this is so much funnier than that. And it becomes a big piece of it. like, I, a year into the tour, I found a different story and I just was like, oh, I gotta pull this out. This is not as funny as the other stuff. And that, that was pretty cool. I never really experienced that because you think you have it, you're like, oh, this is a great hour. Yeah. And then you have something like, no, this is a great hour. you know? Yeah. I just had my son and I had a story about my in in the new special Messing With People. I had his story about my son going on a Star Wars ride. and he didn't, he didn't really, he'd never been on a ride and he never saw Star Wars.

(1h 50m 49s):
He's five years old and he thought he got abducted by aliens. So he legit, he started screaming, I want to go back to earth. And it was so funny. And like I saw and I was told Steve Burn that story as we were driving and he's like, dude, you gotta try that in the hour. He's like, that's funny. He's like, I, tell that story. And I was like, what? And that night we were driving that night, he's like, just tell it. Just start telling it. And I told it and then I just started in belt. Like working it out and you know, figuring out what the punches were. And it was, it's such a cool part. But I had never really talked about my kids at all. And that was like, that's a really cool piece to add to The puzzle. And a really cool way to do it. Huh. Cool. Way to do it. Yeah. Let's see. That's a, just a bit of it. Big Star Wars ride. Any other Star Wars fans up in here? I got to go on that Star Wars ride that they built and If, you don't know about it. They spent like hundreds of millions of dollars on this ride.

(1h 51m 31s):
It's basically a movie set. It's unbelievable. But it's also an immersive experience, which means everybody who works on the ride is in character. They play a character. So when the ride starts, you're in the woods with all the rebels and they're moving you down the line. Thanks for joining the fight. You go through the woods, a big alarm sounds, and they go, the first order's coming, we gotta get you outta here. You turn the corner, there's this humongous spaceship. The doors open, you get in with these big LED monitors all around you, these 90 inch TVs. Wow. And you take off into outer space, a battle begins. You get sucked onto the death star. And the next time the door is open, you're on the death star face to face with 100 animatronic human sized storm troopers with their guns pointed at you. And I was like, this is the coolest thing. I thought, are you kidding me? This is so cool.

(1h 52m 11s):
What a cool experience for me. Not for my 5-year-old son Who's never seen a Star Wars film or been on a ride. That's good dude. Wow. That's hilarious dude. Yeah. When you take it back and think about that. Yeah, I think I, I think like he's gonna think he was abducted, like Sure He was gonna be on like a Netflix documentary. Be like I got sucked in his face And they sucked on my book. Why is it that everybody is taking the space? Everybody gets there and probed everybody. What is so interesting about our assholes, I dunno.

(1h 52m 51s):
Because, and we can't even see 'em, dude. That's the scariest part. That's right. If all the information is there and you can't even see it, that's the shit that just like, well what are we fucking doing out here? That's Why, that's why they're the higher, higher intelligence now. They got all the secrets we keeping our asses. Yeah, dude. Meanwhile we look at dogs like, look at these idiots. They're all like reading each other's QR codes. Oh, that's the devil's QR code right there, dude. That's true. Honk. And you know, no two assholes are the same. It's just like your fingerprints. Same exact thing. I don't know if that's true. Really? I It's the 11th fingerprint. What do they call it? That They call It? Yeah. Maybe Google The 11th fingerprint.

(1h 53m 32s):
See what it says. I think I, I, you know what? It seems possible, but I don't know if that's a fact. But also how do you prove that? You gotta know everybody's asshole print. Yeah. What is the rarest fingerprint type? Well that's not it. Arch. Yeah. Arch Holes. Yeah. The arch hole. Yeah. 11th fingerprint. I use the numbers. I think you have to write it out. ELEV and TH. Yeah. It's gonna be 1, 2, 3. Dentist is gonna tell us what to run. Oh, they're fucking hiding the truth in again. That's it. Here it is, man. We gotta ask your neighbor, get the real news.

(1h 54m 13s):
Yeah. Wake up spam. Yeah. Come on Simon. She's a great man. Thanks. Oh, she's doing great. Joe Gotter, you got the new special Messing? With. People. Yep. It's out now on YouTube. It came out September 17th. Yeah. 13th. Yeah. September 17th. Yeah, September 17th. Yeah. You have your new children's book. Barry. Barry. Where's Barry? Barry? Where's Barry? Where's Barry? Where's Barry came out and then I got, I'm on tour now at my new hour. Let's get into it. Tour. And Where is the, where's Barry? What ages is it? Four. It's Four to eight. Okay. It's a picture book. Yeah. Beautiful Man. Or people who just one day want to have children. you know, if they don't have kids now it guarantees that you'll procreate actually. Really it's, yeah, it reads, it's in the, it's on the back flap. It's the opposite of the, the thing for the rats.

(1h 54m 55s):
So that's why the rats can't read it. Hang on, If. you play it backwards on a record player says that you Get pregnant. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks so much man. I appreciate you got shows coming up in Memphis, St. Louis, Indiana. Yeah. Akron, Akron, Oklahoma, Texas. Yeah, I'm In Atlantic City. October, I think 19th. Yeah, October 19th. Wow. You're doing a lot of shows. Yeah. Yeah. I've been, you know, so, so I just kicked off the new tour. So you know how it is. you know, you get out there and do it. Yeah. I'm excited. Yeah. Well dude, thanks so much for all the entertainment over the years, man. You're the best. Yeah. It's always so Great to sit down. It's been also been, thanks for the nice gift you gave me a nice, like, it's like a, it's almost like this, it's like a counter puzzle thing that you had sent to my room and whenever we're in Milwaukee.

(1h 55m 37s):
Yeah. It was just thoughtful. It had like a funny note on it. Yeah. But yeah, thanks for all the thoughtful humor over the years. Congrats on the new Special man. And yeah. And you have also have the podcast. Yep. Mom two cool. Two cool moms. Two cool moms with Steve Burns. With Steve Burn. Yeah. You find out wherever you get to your pods. Thanks so much dude for hanging out. You're the best. I appreciate it. Love you buddy. Love you man. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. But when I reach that ground, I'll share. This piece of I can gonna take.