
I have some new tour Dates to tell You about this week. I'll be in Sioux, Falls, South Dakota LA Cross, Wisconsin green Bay, Wisconsin and Moline Illinois, Colorado Springs, Casper, Wyoming, billings, Montana, Missoula, Montana, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio Champaign, grand Rapids, Lafayette Louisiana, and Beaumont Texas. All tickets through Theo Von dot com slash TN. OUR And. Thank You for your support. Today's guest is th president of th International Brotherhood of Teamsters. He's a fourth generation Teamster himself.


And. He's from Boston. I'm really excited about spending time Today with Mr. Sean O'Brien. I. Sit. And, tell You and a I Never been in a union. I. Don't think. What about Sag after You did some acting Oh.


Yeah. That's right. I had to get in SAG after one time, right? Yeah Yeah. So I. Guess I was in That Union. Yeah. We tried to, I used to work at a pizza joint. And. One guy was getting fired. And we're like, You can't fire If. you fire him. You got fire. All of us, you Know? That's right. That's what it's all About. And th guy. He just fired all of us Yeah. and he was right. Actually, Mr. Wayne, he was th owner and he was right. That We were as horrible workers. We was drinking And, And. Just deep frying everything in there. That That. That shouldn't be a terminable offense. Like I, like That attitude. We. We needed You. Sean O'Brien, you're president of th Teamsters Union, right? Yes, sir. Is That. th term. Yes. It's International Brotherhood of Teamsters.


Okay, And. what is a teamster? Well, Teamsters started out traditional trucking truck drivers. They were horse And buggies, back and a day. And th evolved and trucking. And. th We've evolved and We represent everybody from airline pilots to zookeepers, And, everybody in between. So it's not just a trucking union. OUR largest employer is United Parcel Service. Represent 340,000 teams nationwide. And th United Parcel Service. Yeah. U. PS, okay. U. S you know, We, do all th provide all th transportation needs for motion pictures, trade shows, public sector. We're pretty diverse. And, loud Union, 1.3 million members nationwide. And And in Canada. And th Teamsters. Union. Yes, sir. And. So they got, so it was a team of horses.


That's why th name is Yeah Horse. And. Bugs Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They had teams pulling horses. And buggies. We've been around since 19. Oh three. Okay. So You can see how transportation And has changed over th years. But, you know, it's, it's a great organization. Four Gen. I'm fourth generation. Teamster. Yeah. Oh. So, you're And are You. th first president of your family. That was ever in Yeah, Yeah. All my family members just rank And. File members went to work every day. I started out in a construction yard in Boston, a rigging company hauling cranes around And. I just moved up th ladder, became a shop steward. th became a business agent for Local 25 in Boston. And just kept moving along.


Nice dude. Yeah and a union is what A union is. you know, We, We, We represent working people. Okay? We make certain We collectively bargain for OUR members. We make certain That We protect 'em, and a workplace process all their grievances. But more importantly, organize workers throughout th country. That wanna be unionized. And. We've been very successful doing That, and we just wanna represent working people. We know, 1.3 million right now. Hopefully we'll be 2 million and a near future. Amen. And, Yeah. 'cause you know, unions are responsible for th work week, right? Right. So, unions, th 40 hour, 40 hour work week. Look, th unions have set th bar.


Even non-Union people benefit when we're, when, when You organize And. you know, we've organized And every industry, but we're responsible for overtime. We're responsible for th 40 hour work week. We're responsible for th weekend Oh. A lot. A lot of people don't know That, you know, so Yeah, You know, God thank You. Well, But if We do have to work th weekend, we're gonna get double time Yeah. you know what I mean? Yeah And. Now, th they just make a law That. It's gonna be overt. It won't get taxed. Well, that's a campaign promise from President Trump. I believe Oh. So, it's just a, it's not a, So, you know, as you know, promises sometimes don't come to fruition. So, Yeah, but It, but It is recorded. So we'll use It against whoever said It. How pivotal is OUR unions and a American industry?


Look, We built th middle class We built America. Unfortunately, as you know, once big business gets involved, private equity of th world, or there's big money to be made, everybody forgets to get amnesia on, on who actually is responsible. And, there was such a decline and th eighties, because, you know, politicians put in some bad regulation. I mean I can speak for th teams since they passed trucking. Deregulation, And. If I, if I could put th numbers to It, We had 400,000 members alone, just and a freight industry, And, when they passed trucking, deregulation, We lost 400,000 members. Companies went bankrupt. And pension funds took a hit. So, what, What happened though? Like, what? When they You say deregulation, what do You mean?


By it. Well, you know, th whole industry was regulated. So every company had rates. That, they had to adhere to th Okay. Had to follow a certain set of rules. Yeah, And th once deregulation passed, It was a race to th bottom, Oh And. you know, unfortunately, That That hurt us over three or four decades. And. Now there's such a, there's such a opportunity because there's so much corporate greed out there where it's sick. White collar crime ants known as corporate America are just, all they care about is th bottom line of their balance sheet. And, you know, we've been fighting hard for th Las four or five years to expose how greedy these CEOs, these corporations are, but also how corruptible th political system is. you know, it's funny, you know, before You always had Democrats fighting for working people.


And, you know, Republicans now, We kind of see a switch where working people feel like, number one, they've been left behind. By, th Democratic Party. Two, you know, th Republicans say they want to be working class, represent th working class. They have an opportunity to do it. But, you know, I think we've got a huge opportunity to organize And. We've been exposing 'em And, we've been fighting And. you know, OUR biggest, OUR biggest opponent right now is Amzn. And. We're gonna crush 'em. Oh, because Amzn, my mom drives is an Amzn worker. Is she Yeah? So she's s an independent contractor. If she drives to them, Yeah Yeah, she del Yeah, she delivers stuff for Amzn. So, so I'll tell You th difference, right? Okay. You, look at OUR. U. PS drivers. We just negotiated th largest collective bargain agreement.


U PS is th largest Teamster contract and a country And, they're a very difficult company to deal with. However, OUR drivers are direct employees. OUR members are direct employees. At U PS And, once you're through a four year progression as a driver, you're making almost $50 an hour free full medical and a pension. That You could actually retire off of And Amzn hides behind an independent contractor model, where they pay their drivers about 1950 to $20 per hour. That's th difference. Oh Yeah. Mom's asking me what, for a line, What we're do? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, as she should Yeah Know, that's Know She brought your ass and this world. That's a good Point. Yeah. You got pay th tariff. Yeah Yeah, And You. Don't, You don't wanna piss your mother off.


Believe me, ve got a I, got a strong Irish Catholic mother who brought up her three younger brothers and a housing project in Boston, And. th she had three just like me. Oh, And. you know, she's th toughest, toughest one. you know, Oh, Yeah, And. That's th only person I'm afraid of, or really, to be honest with You, really? In Boston. Yeah. It's like Oh. Some women in Boston, dude, Oh, Yeah, ve got Yeah, But my mother's like petting a python. You, you know, You give a moments. She's gonna squeeze th life outta You. But I love And. Respect her And Oh, for sure. She's Th best And if a mouse goes missing around her, Oh, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Well, you know, you get th head nod. th problem, you know, You get th head nod from my mother. It's like, she, she'll go, Oh. Nice head nod. Done. You're dead. That's it. You're done. Yeah.


It's like someone put a hit on You Yeah, my mother Yeah, she delivers for am Yeah I. Don't know how many hours a week she works, but she delivers for Amzn. How hard is it to get a Group of workers to unionize, like, at, at a company that's already like, preexisting, like That? Well, We're doing it right now. Like, so Amzn hides behind this bullshit independent contractor model. So they'll third party leasing arrangement with a company. Probably what your mom's working for And. They try And, say That. They're not employees. We just want a big case in California, where it's called Joint Employer, where it's a masquerade. Where Amzn controls th other company. Amzn dictates th rules.


Amzn dictates who, where You buy your vehicles, And everything else. But they don't take any responsibility when th shit hits th fan. So, We actually won That case recently. And, we're organizing all over th place. But what we're doing is we're striking for recognition. We're going in there getting th majority of authorization cards signed. By, folks like your mom, And, th We. Just strike 'em. And, hold them out. And, it's working. We've got, because of That victory, We had with exposing Amzn, with th independent contractor, scam, We, get th potential to organize your mom And, 300 other thou, 300,000 other people, Wow. So, where we're, we've, we've allocated tremendous funding to do this. And. Look, AMZN.


th one thing about th Teamsters Union And us. We're not good looking clearly, right? Yeah. Well, but, you know, We, don't, We don't have th deep in some cultures, We don't have Yeah. We don't have th deep pockets. But We got, we've got, you know, fight. We've got intestinal fortitude, And, we're not afraid. We're not afraid to lose Yeah. 'cause we're supposed to lose anyways, right? When you're not afraid to lose Yeah, you've got nothing to lose man to, To lose. Yeah, Yeah, And, And. It's important because We We set these industry standards, negotiating these contracts. So people like your mothers, people, That, aren't organized. We'll see th value of becoming a union member, And, look, there's always people. That have something to say. No matter what, you know, you know, you're doing great. You have a great show. You, tremendous success.


There's gonna be someone. That is jealous. And doesn't, you know, just wants to attack You, Yeah, And, And. We're trying to change That philosophy. We're trying to change That image. And. Look, we're out there. Just want to help people. We wanna take on schoolyard bullies, and we wanna put 'em on their knees. you know, Oh, I, hope. You. Take th kneecaps off some of these perverts, dude, Yeah. you know, that's how I really feel. And also, a lot of these, like a lot of th tech industry came along. And, just because they're an app, or they're a Website, they act like they're not an employer. I, guess Oh. That's th biggest scam and th world. You got Uber, You got Lyft, you've got Google, you've got all, all these tech companies. And th sad part is, you know, these politicians, That claim to be out there fighting for work, And people, they're full of shit.


It's bought And, fucking sold By, these companies, Oh. It's crazy. It's disgusting. I love it. Because It, my, my job is And can I. I'm wearing th shirt, right? Because We are fucking fighting with everybody. Yeah. and we have to, because, you know, these, it We have to be someone's conscious. And, And. That's, we're gonna be their conscious, these big, big tech companies. Yeah, How, how does th teamsters afford attorneys And stuff to be able to fight those battles? Like, Well, We, you know, We have members pay dues. Okay? So, you know, th dues, th dues money, obviously, finance as a whole, operation And, you know, know, are financially secure. We have $400 million in a Strike And defense fund, which means That, We can strike And. you know, We can support a long-term strike, but also defend against any threat to th organization.


That all comes from dues money. Hell, Yeah, And, And. you know, that's how We afford it. And. It's like Newsies, You. Ever seen Newsies? Yeah? I won't tell anybody. Yeah don't tell anybody. We saw it, but We saw it, but it was about a strike. th I. Just I. Just don't wanna admit it, you Know? So, Yeah, I, feel Yeah, Yeah, lucky I, Yeah. It's Like a couple. It's like a couple of those, you know, a b C after school specials. Yeah, You watch. But You don't wanna admit your watch. And like them. Yeah, Yeah, Oh, Yeah. Go back. We're supposed to have, we're supposed to have a big, tough attitude as Teamsters. So, You know, know for sure, dude know, speaking of strikes, And stuff, recently, they have, so, right now, they're all th long shoremen are striking, right? They are on th from th top of Maine, I. Think to th foothold in Texas. Okay? And, what is That about? It's About, you know, it's like anything else.


you know, th long shoremen provide goods. And services. So, imports, And exports coming in, they work, and a, they Work and A docks, they work. and a ports And. th docks Like James j Braddock, like That, Absolutely And, you know, they work, their contract expired la th other night. But they, they've, their Las contract was settled in October of 2018. So, you know, they worked through th pandemic. There's long shoremen That lost their lives. There's long shoremen That, you know, can never go back to work because of th ill effects of Covid. But they were out there and a trenches, you know, providing goods, And service, when supply chain was basically almost coming to a stop. And, all these shipping lines, like every, all these big corporations benefited Tremendously, benefited off them being there.


Yeah, And. It's like, you know, let's, let's reward th people. That made us a success. Let's reward th people. That provided goods, And services, country. Let's reward th people. That risk their lives. And th th safety of their families to go to work. So, That, We all have everything And. Now. It's their time, their contract expired. These shipping lines are making, you know, gazillions of dollars, And, you know, they want what's due to them. And, you know, it's funny. You, see this criticism online, And, you know, social media is great, but it's all I It. It's just a lot of fake shit's on there, And. It's can, I'm reading it this morning. And, looking at It this morning. And, you know, they're attacking th longshoremen for striking. you know, people are saying, well, they're gonna drive up inflation. They're gonna, they're gonna cause all th supply chain problems.


They are. But, you know, do You want these greedy corporations to keep making millions upon millions of dollars? But th biggest threat right now is artificial intelligence to th longshoremen, Yeah, If. you look what they're doing. and a ports in China, you know, everything's automated. There's No jobs. These are, these Are We, semi-automated, at least Yeah. These are legacy, legacy industries. That, you know, provide their 130 year industry where provide middle class jobs to people. And, you know, they're getting attacked because people are getting a little inconvenienced. Well, you know what? A little inconvenience, Maybe, it'll Maybe, it'll give some support to these workers. And, you know, hold th people accountable. That. Cause th strike, everybody says, Oh. th I L A is striking No. th shipping lines That. Don't want to protect th jobs.


That don't want to reward these people. That made 'em a success, chose to strike themselves, right? Right. They chose, there was all choice. They Chose it, right? Right. They could have made a Yeah. Everybody says they're th ones striking No. It's this other Group that's not choosing to pay, not choosing to come to th table, not choosing to share. Like, th Yeah, like You said, not choosing to share with th people That have made, made it happen. Yeah, you Know, they're making billions upon billions of dollars. you know, so I mean, it's like, you know, there's not, not a whole lot of sympathy from us, Yeah as far as corporations, And, And, these shipping lines go And. So is That a lot of what? th I, L a strike is over. It's, it's th obviously th fears of automation, you know, it's, It I fears of automation's everywhere. I mean, that's a huge, huge threat to th I, L a but also I mean.


Look, you know, everybody's saying, you know, there's people criticisms on online. And, And, And, Oh, th longshore make $140,000 a year. That might be true, but when You start out, you're starting out $20 per hour, right? And, You. Look at $20 an hour. Today. what? That gets You. That's nothing. And. th you know, if they're making 140,000 Oh Yeah, they're working 70, 80 hours per week. So, you know, there's not a whole lot of, you know, quality time at home with your family. They have to work. and a hundred $40,000 is a, is a great income. But You, put two kids. You, get college. You've got a mortgage. It doesn't go a long way. So, you know, it, it's time. That, you know, We, We, We, close That gap between, you know, th CEO's pay And, And, And, And.


th in this case, th Longshoreman's Pay Yeah, Yeah I think. 'cause what I don't understand is, at what point is tech value valuable to us as a society? It's like, do You want, like I don't wanna be a society That, there's 11 people watching some robots do stuff. That's what it feels like we're headed towards. It feels like at a certain point, You would stop some technology, because It doesn't. It kills your society. It kills. Like th th part of You. That goes to work. th part of You. That comes back. That support your family. That gives inspiration to your kids because they see their parents working. It's like It It. It's almost crazy to me sometimes how We keep pushing OUR OUR society towards advancement.


If it's not, if we'll No longer be a society. th Does That make any sense to You Yeah? It's, it's th society of convenience. That's th problem. you know, And, And, And, And. People don't realize th consequences of technology at some times. you know, I mean, look to your point, you know, you're a product, your environment. If If, you have a hardworking mom, And, dad, That can up every day, And, go to do a middle class job. That's, that's what You want to do. That's what You want to aspire to do. This technology, although, you know, We We know technology's coming. We know technology. I I is relevant. And, And, Certain Yeah We got enough In, in certain certain arenas, but there's still, there's still a lot of value to, to th best computer and a world that's, that's a human's brain.


And, you know, your instinct, And, And, you know, there's got be an opportunity, even if technology comes in and a certain extent, to create jobs as a result of technology, right? Those 11 people You reference watching robots, well, at some point in time, th technology gets so good. That, those 11 people will be out of a job as well. Yeah. So it's like, come on, let's slow this thing down. Let's figure out an opportunity to keep these jobs. And. Give people an opportunity. That may not have an opportunity to go to college. That may not have th ability to be proficient in technology, but have a great work ethic. And And. And got a moral compass. That wants to go in And, give a hot day's work for a fair Day's pay. So, Oh, Yeah, you know, that's th stuff we've ve got. Look at And, you know, a, a as a country, we're so shortsighted on th damage of technology.


I mean, when You talk about autonomous vehicles. Do You want a commercial vehicle? 80,000 pounds going down th street next to your family of four with No human driver present. Yeah. Some guy just Yeah an indie or something. He has a, a th joystick iPad or something. Yeah Yeah. Yeah Yeah has like a Xbox controller or something. Yeah. And. There's a C. Catastrophic accident. I mean, you know, And th th You Check th guy's browser. you know, you You don't really don't wanna look at That Yeah, He got some other windows open. you know what can saying th one There? Absolutely. He's got VR goggles on over there, looking up Past p Diddy potties stuff like That. You know what I mean? Fucking Yeah. He's over there smoking out of his own nutsack over there. A lot of perverts over there in Indiana, all over th globe. I'm not Oh, absolutely trying to single them out.


I'm perverted. But what was something I was gonna ask You about? Oh Oh. So, well, I recently. Yeah recently We had BERNIE SANDERS on, and he talked about a shorter work week And, about giving proceeds from auto automation to th workers, because they're th ones who have gotten us to That point as well. Yeah I mean, look, there's a, there's a, there's a Bernie's th Best I mean I. I love Bernie's I. Think he's a little mad at me right now. He's yelled at me at a couple Senate hearings, like, flared up. But, you know, he is truly committed to working class people. There's No doubt about It. you know, We, we're as a teamster organization, you know, We We negotiate contracts based on 40 hours per week.


But there are some, you know, industries, That would like a 32 hour week work week paid 40 hours. Which, you know, that's, that's, that's gonna be a, that's gonna be a, a tough fight moving forward. you know, my thing is, ve got protect, preserve, And, improve what We already have right now, right? And, Right? 'cause once You start giving away some hours, th th You start Yeah You. Never get it back. th You never get Back. You, right? You never get It back. Right here it says, Senator BERNIE SANDERS, chairman of th senate Committee on Health Education Labor, And Pensions announce That this Thursday, he will introduce legislation to establish a standard 32 hour work week. Sanders said, moving to a 32 hour work week with No, loss of pay is not a radical idea. Today, American workers are over 400% more productive.


th they were, and a 1940s, and he means That. th output is because also of automation. But automation is taking th people's jobs. So th it's like, it only makes fair sense to compensate th people who are, whose jobs are being taken, right? Yeah, And, And. you know, that's, that's obviously a great justification for It. But th reality of it is, most of OUR members have to work 50 or 60 hours Yeah a week. And have to have overtime. So, you know, that's, that's, that's an issue That I think will be dealing with down th road. But there is No doubt. That We should be fighting to create jobs as a result of technology being implemented, not destroy him. Yeah, Bernie's th best I, mean He is hilarious.


He's very, he's very entertaining, man. Yeah, he's very entertaining. you know, You had an issue with M Mac Maki. what was That guy's name? Oh. Mark Wayne Mullin. Mark Wayne Mullin. We'll get to It in a second. And, we'll, definitely, we'll put up a, we'll put up a link if people want to watch You guys fight, where people can lease it. But And, we'll give th money. We'll give th proceeds to You guys too. Yeah We. Don't Need That one. Do it. We. I'll do That one for nothing.


Alright. Halloween is right around th corner. And. One of th best ways to get into th spooky season is to throw on a good, scary movie with all th different streaming subscriptions out there. A Halloween movie marathon can get expensive fast, but not If. you have Express V, PN Express. V PN lets me change my online location. And Trick Netflix, and showing me movies. And TV shows That aren't normally available here, and a US You can get thousands of extra shows. If, you don't have Express V. PN you'd have to add another subscription or rent it on Apple TV or Prime. So using Express V, PN could save You up to $50 a month. And, it's not just Netflix. Use it to get more movies on Disney Plus B, b C, iPlayer, and a ton of other streaming services. Get your money's worth. And. Get three extra months of ExpressVPN for free when You. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Theo. That's E XPR E S S V vpn.com slash TN. H E o ExpressVPN dot com slash Theo. Make it spooky.


Have You ever felt a sense of unease When You leave your home wondering if everything will be safe when you're away? you know, I have, but it wasn't until recently people started throwing dirty trash against my garage door. That I realized how urgently I needed a security system. And I knew my family deserved th best. After some extensive research, I found SimpliSafe I love having SimpliSafe protect my home. And th security And service have exceeded all expectations. With Fast protect monitoring And live guard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm, And can even see And speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, Wow plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash TN. That's 50% off at SimpliSafe s can p L I, SAF E dot com slash Theo. There's No safe, like SimpliSafe.


Is there anything else before We move on? Is there anything else bef about th longshoreman strike That We should know. Do You feel like Yeah I Think it's, it's important to know That. It's not th long showman's fault That. They're on strike. It's th shipping company's fault. Yeah And. you know, there's, there's, you know, this, th media is so outta whack at times in creating these scenarios, saying, That, this is a political stunt versus one party versus th other. Their contract expired two days ago. It just so happens it's in an election year. And, look, this strike could end real quick. If these greedy shipping lines just give th members what they deserve, And what they demand, And, it'll be over We, also If. you think about it, it's like You always hear like th term, th shipping Hess or th shipping air You.


Don't hear like, th teamsters, heiress. you know, We don't have what even fucking side are people on? Like, to, to be on th side of just these, just people That have so much, you know, And at a point, it's just obvious. Greed, Yeah, I. Don't think a team. It's unbelievable, man. And. It's unbelievable. That, OUR Country starts to feel like that's, that's th side. It's on Yeah. I mean It really feels like even just as a regular person, like nobody is support. It's, it's all a sham. A lot of times it feels like I mean. Everybody knows That. Like these th lobbies are so big now. That, That, they control so much. But it's like, at some point, You would think there would be a break for th common man.


you know? Well, That's what we're trying to do. I mean. That's why we've been working so hard. If, you, If you see what we're doing all over th country with th U. PS agreement. Anheuser-Busch, record record agreements, negotiating strong contracts. We are trying to close. That disparate right now. We got a big battle going on with United Airlines, right? Which, you know, We, we're, we're telling all these politicians, you know, If, you saw my statement th other day. Stay th fuck out of OUR business. Let us do OUR thing. And And. I always say to people, th neighborhood I grew up in, which had a lot of conflict in It. If there were two people fighting and a middle of th street, And You had nothing to do with it, keep walking. It's gonna end some point, one way. Or th other. Yeah, And, And. That's, that's th struggle. But OUR whole focus on, on what we've been doing as a union.


And. Look, I'm a fourth generation team, so I love this fucking union. It's given everything in my entire life. But th one thing That We need to do, I I is advocate for, for working people. And, you know what people say? Why should I join a union? Why should You join a union? 'cause we're gonna get You better wages. We're gonna get You th best benefits. But more importantly, we're gonna, we're gonna demand respect and a workplace And. We're gonna fight for You Day in And. Day out And. Look, th united, th I, L a right now. That's all they're doing. That is all they're doing. They want respect. Yeah And. To your point, there's No Harris. Harris', however, You say it. Yeah Princess or something. You don't a fuck. Yeah. Listen, just take a look at us, whether it's th Elliot, Teamsters, you know, Oh, dude, we're not royalty, man.


Yeah, We're not royalty. I've been to Boston. They got some, definitely, you'll see a broad out there wearing a Euless jersey. you know what I'm saying? Yeah, she'll fucking Yeah. We've got a lot of us from Boston have fucking faces for radio. Yeah Definitely on tv. Oh, You. See a lot of Yeah, Yeah, a lot of Yeah, a lot of fucking women. That are just fucking vaping, And just giving hand jobs or whatever. But it's okay. That's eight. Don't forget, don't forget th tube. Top with th c-section. Hot sky, Yeah, Oh. Dude. That's th team. That's th new Teamsters logo. No. God forbid, No, we've got, listen, th teamsters, union We got some of th finest, hottest working women. And. They're th strongest No. I'm joking. Yeah And. Look, let 'em fucking play baseball. can dude Yeah? you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's what I'm saying.


Absolutely. I would love to see. If th union had a league Oh, it'd be nice, wouldn't it? Do You guys have a team, A baseball team? Yeah, well, We, it's called th Red Sox, but I don't know if they're any good Right now. Oh Yeah, they Did tour. They didn't even make th playoffs did they? No They didn't. Damn No. But actually, screw You guys. You You guys have had so much luck, dude. I can't believe You make That much money selling cheese And stuff. what all do they have over there? Craft. Bring It up. Kraft Goods. No Craft actually started, it's a unionized paper company. Oh It is Yeah. So it's out of Boston or Worcester, which is, you know, probably 45 miles west of Boston. th crafts are actually very good and a community in Boston. But that's, that's not th th same family. Oh. It isn't No Oh, damn this. But every time I've, that's crazy.


'cause every time I'm cheering against th pats, I'm always yelling like, fuck Lunchables And shit. And I didn't even realize. That Crusts, Yeah, Yeah I thought it was th same guy. It's not No No No No No No No. They're very good. They're very good and a, they're very good and a community. They Oh Yeah I, ah, Yeah I didn't know ve got Yeah I filled out some comment cards on some of these websites, too. ve got go back. Yeah Yeah Yeah And Take back Clean It up. Especially when they had Randy Moss. Yeah. I was really heavy on th keys back. th Oh. How Funny was he? Yeah. Oh He is great. Dude. Dude, I went to a fishing tournament one time. And can, I should tell this story, but I should, but I Will And. So, I went to a fishing tournament one time. Randy Moss put on a fishing tournament. This is when He was with th Vikings.


And. You. And. You got put with like some fishermen, And stuff. And. You would go out. It was in Minute Minton of Minnesota on th Lake And. I stood up all night drinking, right? And. So I, get out there. And, I. I'm like, I, think we're gonna be there for 30 minutes, or whatever. you know, like, I'm fishing with my grandparents or something. And. They're like, Yeah, it's a six hour Dang And. I'm like, Oh, dude. And, I had like, th whore, like, I had to go to th bathroom so bad. you know, And, And. So I at some point, they're like, we'll, just pee off th side of th boat, but I don't have to pee. you know, I had to fucking do a union job, you know, And. So, at some point, dude, I just had to literally have them troll a little And.


Just hang myself off th side of th boat. And And. Just Did. you have any dude wipes with You? Oh? They didn't even have dude wipes. th Oh, man. That must've been awful. I just had to kind of hold my legs open. And, let th water go through fast. you know, It was like a, it was like a redneck bidet, Yeah, Oh God. But thank God, dude, And, We didn't catch anything. I couldn't even pull a fish without having to go to th ba Like, th second. Something would tug on there. I was like, I had damn 40 and a live. Well, you know, do You think, Do You think That had anything to do with what You were drinking th night before? A hundred percent. what were You drinking? Jagermeister. Oof. It was, yea. And. It was disgusting. And. It was God I. Just I still can't, I can't believe.


That, whoever, whatever company sentenced Jagermeister on humanity. Oh terrible. That's terror. That's terrorism. you know, and we don't wanna say It out loud, but it's terrorism. th dock worker. th who's their leader over there? Their Harold Daggett. Yeah That, guy's. A fricking That guy's. Awesome. He's Taking, he's taking some heat. Oh Yeah. He's taking some heat. Good. Let him take some heat. Dude. Yeah That guy is fucking awesome. you Know, th good thing about what He play this video real quick, sorry to interrupt. You Sean, I. Just want to hear th dt Welcome to Daggett Stand. Dude, this guy's a gangster. It's changing and th future, they're not making millions and more, they're making billions And. They're spending It fast as they make It.


I want a piece of That for my men. 'cause when they made their most money was during C o V Yeah, when my men had to go to work on those piers every single day. When everybody stayed home, And went to work. Not my men. They died out there with th virus. We all got sick with th virus. We kept 'em going from Canada to main to Texas, great Lakes, Puerto Rico. Now, th Bahamas. Everybody went to work during Covid. you know, nobody stayed home. Well, I wanna be compensated for That. Amen. I'm not asking for th world. They know what I want. They know what they want. And, if they don't No, th I have to go and th street.


and we have to fight for what We rightfully deserve. Fuck Yeah. These people, Today don't know what a strike is, right? When my men hit th streets from Maine to Texas, every single port are locked down. you know what's gonna happen? That's good. I'll tell You, And, what so Yeah, when, when they say And, when He says, th lockdown, what, what's That would affect everything, right? Yeah, th Ports are just shut down. There's nothing coming in or out. And, you know, We, We We represent a, a, a, a lot of members, That, you know, We, We, We, haul off th ports, We th ports deliver to warehouses where it's separated, load on trucks, We deliver. So it's gonna have an impact. But you know what? It's, you know, a little, it's a short term pain for long-term game for these guys.


And, he's 100% accurate. I mean, look, We get paid to fight We, get paid to fight for OUR members. And, that's what he's doing. Look, he's a character. Have You Spokane to him. So, I, I, I haven't, but I deal with th leadership around th country. That's th only general president, And I haven't met That We deal with, you know, I, you know, all th other general presidents around th country from all th other respective unions, unions, And, I, haven't met him. I mean, th good news is, he's, he's so public right now. It's, it's keeping th shit away from me, to be honest, with You Yeah, Huh? I've been taking a lot of It lately, but I'm good either way. you know, I'm good. But No, he's, look, he's, he's got, right, he's got th right fight. Yeah, Yeah It sounds like it sounds like they got th right guy doing It, you know, cast Th characters.


He is, you know, straight outta th sopranos, you know, Oh, Yeah, I. Fucking hope they find some bodies in his yard. Oh. Hopefully they don't Yeah. Yeah, you're right. And, I shouldn't say That. Sorry, Harold I don't know. I don't know what he's, and you know what I'm saying? But Yeah Yeah, that's what I'm saying is, dude, they got it. It's just, it's a, that's one of th things That starts to happen, is it's like If. you don't think That automation, there's No, there's No effect to it, right? th th it's just, there's a human cost to That. There's a human cost to it. Look, When, look, when You go and a grocery store now, right? Everybody's running to these self checkouts. I, I, refuse to do it. I, don't And. And I was actually in a local grocery store probably about a year ago, And.


It was like late at night. And, you know, my, my I I was I. Forget why I was going in there. Just get off a flight. And, I got something real quick. And, there was a, a, an older lady standing there at th register, And, I, go to go to her And. She's like, go over there. Go to th automation. Go over That one self checkout, can, Like And, she was working. I, go, listen, if I go and self-checkout, you're gonna lose your job. She's like, I, don't give a shit. I don't like this fucking job. Anyway, so it was probably something she's doing. I'm like, listen, lady, you know, You might not like it, but let's think about th fucking 30 other people. That need a job. That, come here. If I go there, th I'm putting You outta work. I don't give a shit. I'm like, th problem is. It's like some people Yeah. She's like, I'm on th only face. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know, on th only fence. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah. That's crazy.


Elderly version. what is it? th th Golden bachelorette. Oh. Yeah. Yeah I. Haven't watched it. But I have a Little Yeah, I, I'll confess, I haven't either. Yeah, And I probably won't. Yeah Yeah, sure, Yeah Yeah, You know, but No, it's just people. That's A good point. You. Don't think about it. No. You. Don't And And, And. People, you know, are disgruntled or That, like, That Lady might've been having a bad night, you know, whatever it was. But Know, Oh, she might've been outta Zens too. Dude. Yeah, Yeah. She might've been Yeah. Yeah. If you're a Yeah, If, you are working at late Shift. Dude, I put, You got any, put anything in your jaw to get You through th night night. But th problem is like, she was in her late, late seventies. Yeah, And. It just goes to show You, like Hey If, you got in a union, You got a job. You got a pension. You wouldn't fucking be working at 70 years old.


know, that's s great And. It's like Yeah, And. It's like, you know, you, you're pointing at, you're pointing for me to go to a self checkout And, I'm like, you're putting people outta work. I. Don't give a shit. Fuck That Yeah. It's like, you know, she ran outta Paul Mullin. you know what I mean? Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah. Fuck. That. Go Raider. She starts fucking yelling. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah. She probably spends all her money on fucking tattoos. you Know, Yeah, Yeah, like Marlboros And, fucking scratch tickets, And shit. you Know, Yeah, remember they used to have those miles You would get with th ma bros. Remember, That Oh, Yeah Yeah? You'd, you'd smoke 400,000 packs of cigarettes to get a Camel Joe jacket Or something. That, You got wear to your funeral. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. They put You in That thing. Oh, Oh, Yeah, Yeah, You. Get like a blender. That said, keep smoking.


On Th side of th it was like, I. Remember growing up in my neighborhood, Pepsi did this thing. And. Remember That story? That was on fucking Netflix. th kid won a space shuttle or Something. Yeah th kid won a space, Right? So, I, remember, there was a kid in my neighborhood, That, you know, He was so his kid, his name was Mike Lazaro, and he was like crazy. Like, you know, you'd, you'd peel th cap off And. He'd be a prize. I swear, th kid had dentures. By th time. He was 15. He was drinking so much. Pepsi trying to win a Prize. You just slurping them, Huh? Yeah, Oh. It was crazy. You know, Yeah, dude, this Oh Yeah, what Yeah, what prizes could You get with th Marlboro Miles? Bring up th prizes. Dude. We, never Look at this kind of stuff. And, I. Think this is important. Just to know. Back and th day, You had to smoke your way. Did they Have like marble running sneakers?


That is Bel. There's No way. They had That Crazy dude, like a gift certificate to like a lung transplant. Swiss Army knife, A neck brace. Who th fuck wants a Marrow neck brace? Like at That, like, unbelievable hat shirt, Marlboro Ventilator, Yeah, Yeah, That Marl, bro. Thing like this. We're doing good. you know, Spark up. Not those commercials are awful. Bring Up th guy smoking through th hole in his throat, huh? And. This guy's obviously from Yeah. This guy's obviously from Medford. Bring him up. And.


There he is. And. That used to be a man. That's how bad smoking can get. Guys. I. Think That was my English teacher in Hi School. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Hey, Yeah, I, I owe You, owe You sometimes. Why? Dude, I didn't have a I'll I. Remember to this kid, I used to tell this story, but Doess, this kid live down th street from us. This fella, Mario was his name, and he was, he was Italian, I, think or Semial. you know, And. He used to my brother. Something happened. My brother had to go away for th summer. So suddenly I was his friend. like I was, but I was younger. th my brother, did your Brother go to jail? You know, if He went to jail, but he went to a place where he couldn't come back for about four months. And.


So I got so suddenly, I'm friends with Mary. Like, th th th I would tag around with them. But I wasn't right there. So now I'm friends with this dude, and he, I, dunno if this is like a union thing or not, but He would. Like, he used to defecate in his yard. And make me bury It, right? Make me put It and a ground for him. Subcontracted th workout. That's what I wish I'd have known at th time, because Yeah I did over, probably I did at least 112 burials for this dude. Right? Over about over That stint over That third of th year. And And. th actually, years later, he died. He drove a boat and an embankment. And I wanted to be a pallbearer at his funeral.


And I even wrote a letter to his mom. And I was like, I'd love to put him and a ground one more time. you know, Yeah, Absolutely Yeah, Yeah, And, they wouldn't let me do. But if I was in a union, Yeah, I mean they probably, You could probably go after them for retro pay. And shit. Yeah. That's what I'm m talking about all th time. you know, Oh dude, definitely And th rose bushes in his yard. Absolutely. What are We even talking about? Prize winning brother Oh. Jesus Christ. They won Yard of th month. Fucking You You definitely needed a union back. Th bro, they won Yard of th month and a leap You. Dude, Jesus Christ, And, that's big work. And That was me doing That. Hey. And. That was, listen, You contributed to That. Yeah. You should be proud. But it is true. It's gotten to th point where people don't even think about th people That are doing th jobs behind th scenes.


you know, And, th people That are going in And clocking in day to day. you know, You look at, like, so We represent U. PS, which is, you know, fortune 500 company, 340,000 employees. Very successful company, difficult company to deal with. And, you know, 53 or 54% of those work as a part-timers, you know, they work four and a morning till eight, or noon till four, or whatever th case may be. And, they load And, unload these trucks, And, prior to us, you know, completing a success, successful negotiation. They were making $15 per hour nationwide. Come on. You had single mothers, you know, going to work there, you know, risking their lives during Covid.


They were th unsung heroes of keeping supply chain moving And. you know, it was a very, very credible argument. That We had publicly, but th company recognized it. And during negotiations. I'm gonna say, how embarrassing is It? That You are making a hundred million, do a hundred billion dollars with a b. And. You have people, That are on subsidized housing. You have people, That are on welfare. That work for You, And, And, I'll be honest, with You, like We push real hard. And part-timers start out at $21 an hour. th long term part-timers are being rewarded. They get full medical, full pensions. So, you know, they recognized, you know, That, they needed to take care of these folks. And, a lot of pushing And prodding from us.


But at th end of th day, they did th right thing. By, these part-timers, And, who are th major groups? That, are pushing back against You guys. Is it lobbies? Is It politicians? Is it just big business? Like, It's, it's, so I'll tell You, it's, it's a combination of corporate America, And, I, I, refer to 'em all th time as fucking white collar criminals. Yeah, right? That, all they do is care about th bottom line. th balance sheet money. S I say, dude, right, Right, right. And. So, you know, th bleep out. Yeah And. Th just so you know, That, what? Nobody, That Yeah. So th don't Feel uncomfortable. th I mean fucking prostitutes. Yeah, right? Yeah, And. th You have, you know, these politicians, both sides, Democrats, And Republicans, I'll be honest with You, can, I'm a Democrat, but they have fucked us over for th Las, 40 years.


And for once. And, not all of them, but for once, we're standing up as a union, probably th only one right now, saying, what th fuck have You done for us? Yeah, And, I'm getting attacked from th left, you know? and we, we've given Oh since I've been in, in office two and a half years, we've given th Democratic machine, $15.7 million. We've given Republicans about 340,000, troop be told. So it's like, you know, people say, th Democratic party is th party of th working people. They're bought And paid for By, big tech, That big, those big tech companies, Yeah Tech Is th new fossil fuel man. Right? That's what I say, right? And, you've got th Republicans who are now saying, Hey, We wanna be th working class party, right? And, okay.


You've got a great opportunity right now to do That, And, th Democrats. If 60% of OUR members aren't supporting You, th fucking system's broken, Yeah, And, You need to fix It. Start pointing fingers at Sean O'Brien. Start pointing fingers at th Teamsters Union Look, and a mirror I, mean I had a I, had a heated debate with heated discussion two weeks ago with Chuck Schumer, And, it got fucking ugly. Chuck Schumer is a piece of shit And. It got ugly, because, you know, these politicians, you know, th th one thing I've learned, they fucking walk in And. They tell You, I did this for You. Okay, great. Let me tell You what You haven't fucking done for us or OUR members. and we got, and it pretty heavy And. I'm like, You had No problem taking $550,000 from me three weeks prior to me going and a Republican national convention.


And, th You want to be a fucking tough guy on Twitter, or X, or whatever it is. And throw shit out there about me, like, whatever, To support their can to support th parties support th campaign. Yeah, Yeah, th team, th teamsters Union has historically endorsed a candidate, right? Right. a presidential candidate, And. This is one of th first times he Two times, We haven't 1976 We didn't endorse in 1996, We didn't Endorse. Okay? So th first time in th 30 years now, That, You guys haven't done it. And can th reason why We didn't endorse in, in 1996, Clinton, because We endorsed him in 92. And. Look, He created nafta, And It fucked a lot of OUR members over, and we lost jobs as a result of it. So, We couldn't, We couldn't endorse. what a asshole. And And, you know, Why would He do It, though? Why?


Because who are they beholden to? They're not, even though they say we're beholden. th working people, we're beholden th to, to middle class. We're beholden to American worker. They're beholden to look all these money. th money And th next opportunity, right? Because You are not there a long time, right? And, you know, th next opportunity, it's like, what's his name? th guy That looks like fucking Bradley Cooper th governor of California. Newsom That guy is bought And paid for By, big tech. you know, he had th opportunity to protect th general public And, his constituents from ai, from autonomous vehicles, from all this bullshit That We talked about earlier.


and we th Union Union Men, men, And women, actually got him to stay in office as a result of That recall. We went out, And worked hard for him. And, what's he do? He fucking vetoes all these protections against artificial intelligence, against Uber, against Lyft. All these, all this bullshit. And, these are th people. That We were supporting like they are You shitting me. Seriously? So, So they're turning your back on You said, said. Now, You You guys aren't Supporting. They're so, listen, I, I can't speak for any of th unions, but I'm gonna speak for th teamsters. Union I represent 1.3 million members. And And, you know, we've said all along, We took over, like We, wanna return on OUR investment? We wanna be like, big business We, make an investment. We wanna return And That return. what? These politicians are supporting OUR issues, that's gonna protect jobs.


And, promote unionization throughout th whole country. And, you know, they've let us down. They've let us down. And, you know what? I, I, I'm a person. I think probably to my own fault. My mother keeps saying, You, keep fighting with all these fucking politicians. You're gonna get us all audited. Well, that's okay, right? Audit I thought killed. But that's how they do It first. That's all right. They better, they better get up early. you know, can't kill th willing. you know what I mean? th Yeah, Yeah, dude, you know, know I'll take my own life. That's Now what, You know what I'm saying? I showed You, And. I'll do it on th clock. Yeah, I'll, I'll still be on th clock. You Bet, dude. Yeah, Yeah, Oh. You'll think I'm clocking out for You, dude, Yeah, I'll be on double time Yeah. We'll, Let nothing run, brother. Absolutely Yeah. But I mean, it's just people got step up And. Look, California Governor Gavin Newsom vetoed to Teamsters back.


Bill That would've effectively banned autonomous trucks and a state Wow, Yeah And. you know how many people there are in California? But what does it say? Assembly bill to it? 2 22 86 would've prohibited th operation of autonomous vehicles weighing 10,000 pounds or more on public roads for testing, transporting goods, or carrying passengers. Without a human safety operator physically present and a vehicle, there should be somebody and a vehicle. Anyway, there's No doubt, because That thing's also gonna get hijacked. Dude, You think MS 13 isn't gonna want a bunch of carrots or whatever's passing through. They're gonna ha they're gonna fucking shoot. Dude, they sent one of those little gypsy cruises with th it had a, it's Like a Dotson B two 10 loaded up, Dude, this thing, it was a little R 2D two, but It was like a, it was, it was kind of aftermarket slightly, you know?


Yep. And. They, they had one of those rolling through th hood one time with some ice creams in It or something You could buy out of it. And, 11 brothers beat th shit out of That thing. So there's And. what are they even talking about? Dude, this shit will get hijacked so quick. But th you're gonna have to put a gunner on th top of th You. you know what I'm saying? Like, it's just getting weird. Bring That back up, please. Trevin. Thank You, bud. It's important to note That 35 jurisdictions, including Arizona, Nevada, Texas, Washington, And, th District of Columbia, have already authorized th testing of heavy duty autonomous vehicles. Wow, that's what he, that's what Newsom said. California remains th only state to actively prohibit these vehicles, but it's also a huge state where there's so much agriculture, And stuff, And, s And, there's a huge port over there as well, right?


Yeah, Oh, Yeah La la Port Long Beach. We've got some big ports over there, so they're not on strike. They're under a different union. They're th I w I, L w U. But, you know, same, same issues. I'm sure they'll be fighting th same battle down th road, but Yeah, th this, this, this is, this is th stuff That. you know, we're, we're fighting against And. Look, these politicians, you know, they, they got realize That, th constituents don't work for them. They work for th constituents. Yeah And. That's, that's, that's what they have to be reminded of. Yeah And, there's a lot of good ones. That do a lot of great work. Like, you know, we've got a great relationship. And And, And OUR goal is to try And work. Bipartisan, right? Because that's th only way we're gonna get shit done, right? And, you know, there's been a line drawn and a sand And OUR focus has been as a union, And mine as a leader is like, look, We can fucking agree to disagree on a lot of shit.


And. We're gonna, but let's agree on th stuff. That, We can And get some stuff done in this country. you know, get some real, real progressive, you know, legislation That We can work together on. But you know, it, It th focus has been lost. And, th whole system's of fucking disgrace, to be honest with You Oh Yeah And, it's time to shake these pedophiles down, dude. That's how I feel. what else does it say on here? th Teamster Union issued a statement criticizing Newsom's veto. th vast majority of California's oppose unregulated unaccountable driverless cars. And trucks on th road do Yes. There's already so many Yeah. It's like, 'cause th if somebody hits You, what do You just You can't even sue anybody. You're just, what?


You're like, That guy hit me. And. th cop's. Like, who? And? You're like, ah, fucking nobody. What do I need cops. what do You need cops for? Yeah can't ride anybody. Yeah Yeah. I mean. I mean, that's another thing. Public safety. It's crazy. And. It's, it's like it's gonna get bad. Yeah. It's gonna get ugly. And, And. We're gonna be a world of robots. If, if people like us don't step up, And. Hold. Amen. These politicians accountable. Look, I'll eat beans, man. I'll do what ve got do for as long as it takes brother. If there's No Yeah, as long as I got I, guess candles. I. Guess what else do I. Yeah. We'd have to have candles. Water. Dude wipes. Dude wipes. For sure. you know, unless you're not eating, you know, unless it gets That bad, you know, you're not wiping, you know what I'm saying? Save money on both ends. I, I. Hear Ya. But Yeah Yeah, I'm gonna have, we're gonna have to get some stuff.


Oh. God. That's why We get these shirts made up. you know, Yeah. I'd love to get one of those. You're gonna Have one. By th time I. Leave here. Today Dude. You. See That. See We deliver th results not excuses. Yeah. They deliver results, not excuses. Take me through some of th decision And, what it was like behind th scenes to make th choice not to endorse a candidate. Well, look, th one thing That We pride ourselves on when We took over as leaders was transparency, And inclusiveness, right? So, when You have 1.3 million members, it's important to make certain You understand their perspective. 'cause that's, that's who OUR employer is. That's who We work for. That's who gives me th opportunity, And privilege, to represent 'em. and we went through, for th first time ever, We brought every single candidate in from th beginning.


And, you know, We invited every one of them from Dr. Cornell West, all th way. Don President, former President Donald Trump, former President Biden And, th VP Harris And, everybody in between RFK who? I Love That Guy. I Love That guy too. That guy's, awesome man. He is, he's th best. and we brought him all in, in a round table. First time ever with rank And, file members, you know, eight of 10 of 'em from various parts of th country. Various political affiliations. and we asked some specific questions. That were important to us. And, you know, at th end of th day, We did, We did, We did th meetings there. th We did polling, straw polling, you know, and a Union Halls And th We did a electronic polling, 1.3 million of OUR members QR code, where We had over 40,000 members participate, which is huge.


And th We, Did, you know, scientific based polling using th democratic pollster, That th Biden Harris campaign used And. th only poll That was favorable, was th Poll. We did th Straw Poll. and a Union Halls, which was polling 44%. Biden And, 38% Trump. So th other polls were 60, 62% Republican And. So, In favor of Trump, in Favor of Trump Yes. Even We We sent th electronic polling after, you know, president Biden dropped out of, out of th race And. Look, Biden's been, Biden's been great for unions working people, but, you know, th reality of It is, you know, It, it, it's, he's gone.


He deceased. He's gone, he's gone. And, you know, can, it's, it's like, you know, we've, ve got, we've ve got take and consideration OUR members opinions. And I don't have th beauty of leaning one way or th other. I have to represent both Democratic members. And also Republican members. And, quite frankly, when I Spokane at th r C, that's when th attacks started happening from th Democratic left. And th Republican, right? Wait, so just to back up, just so I'm clear on And. So a straw poll means, it Means You. Go to th Union Hall We have 319 union halls nationwide. Okay? So You actually have an in-person meeting Town hall where You get to where You get to actually, you know, control th meeting, right?


You control th narrative. But OUR members get to vote in a secret ballot. And, you know, when You have meetings like That Straw poll, usually You can put your thumb on th scale. And flip it. Either way, We thought We, were gonna come out of there with, you know, Joe Biden at 80% And, And th rest, because, you know, th your people coming in there for th most part That show up. They're your people. That work on your staff And. When it only pulls 44%, you know, something's wrong. Something's broken. So that's why We started doing extensive polling, which is expensive. 'cause You of th unions are extremely democratic. Absolutely. That's what you're saying. Okay. I. See what you're saying now, Yeah, Absolutely. Th teamsters polling data show members backed Biden 44% to Trump's 36.3%. Right?


So that's more lopsided. th usual. Well, We We would, We would hope We were thinking That. It was gonna be 80% Biden Biden, because, you know, th people, people That show up at Union halls for union meetings. And, And, And. Any type of meetings are usually, your supporters are usually th people That are gonna vote, or, or Foley or recommendations or whatever it Oh Yeah their children dress up like Yeah, like plumbers, And stuff for Halloween, And, everything. Well, We do check their membership cards. you know, Yeah Yeah, well, And, some of 'em get in when they're 19. Can Yeah, I'm only kidding. Okay? So at That Point, You realize, okay, so things are a little bit more, there's, people have different, there's a divide.


There's a, there's a divide. There's a huge divide. So th at That Point, Did, you make th decision to not support a candidate or support A No. We We We took all th data And, you know, historically, th teamsters unions never, ever endorsed th President presidential candidate till after both respective conventions are concluded. Okay? So, We We We asked to speak at th Republican, And, democratic, obviously, We Spokane at th Republican And th We didn't get invited to th Democratic National Convention. Did they get Back to You Did? you So You asked to speak Yeah. They never, they never got back to us. They never got back to us. And, You, email 'em, or text 'em. Oh We called them We. We We sent th invitation. We We sent th request to speak at both conventions at th same time.


and we heard from th Republican National Convention right away. Now, look, going in there was like, It wasn't easy. It was like, you know, going and an ex-girlfriend's house whose family hates You 'cause of a bad breakup on Thanksgiving. And saying, how y'all doing? Oh, Wow, Wow It was, It wasn't a, it wasn't a comfortable failing And, you know, but like I said, everybody else, when We get th opportunity to highlight American Workers And or Teamsters, union You have to do it. We're gonna do what? Any And, all platforms, there are Yeah, whether we're welcome or not. and we wanted to do th same at th Democratic National Convention. We didn't get That opportunity. But, you know, so to get back to your point was after We did all th scientific polling after We, after th conventions, you know, We have a general executive board, which are 24 leaders from all around th country.


Vice presidents, And, presidents of team leaders, Yes, they, they make up th general executive board. So, We presented all th polling data. We had, you know, spirited debate, And dialogue, very respectful. And, at th end of th day, you know, there were three people That voted to endorse th Harris Waltz campaign. And th majority of th rest of th executive board voted to not endorse And, allow local unions, And area joint councils to go out, And, you know, endorse whoever they wanted. And, you know, can You get criticized? No matter what You do. So, but it was th right decision, because, you know, both candidate Harris And, president, former President Trump, you know, didn't answer specific questions of what was important to us.


So, you know, Like, for example, so, which ones? So it's like, all right to strike. Like right now, You. See th I, L a on strike. We had th railroad workers when We first took over two years ago. They're under what they call Railway Labor Act, where Congress can make a recommendation to implement th contract under th process. And, they did it. And, OUR, OUR OUR members weren't happy. They did it under th Biden administration. And, one of OUR biggest goals moving forward, because we've got this campaign with United Airlines, where they're under th same process. We want th right to strike, and we can get th right to strike once We conclude th process. But a lot of times, th government will intervene, And, they'll, you know, obviously implement a contract.


So That was very important to us. Look, if, if we're, and a middle of, of an r L a negotiation, and we want th right to strike, are You gonna support us? Are You gonna stop us? Wasn't a commitment from both sides on That On either side, Republican or Democrat, on, on either side, on That, Not even supporting your right to strike. That's crazy, Right? That's, you know, that's in certain arenas under th railway Labor Act like airlines are under th Railway Labor Act. Railroads are under th railway Labor Act. Trucking industry isn't most private sector That We represent isn't. So, you know, We still have th right to strike in other arenas, but these are poor, these are important industries for us. So, We didn't get commitments on That. you know, one candidate may have been stronger on th pro act, you know, you know, obviously supporting th right to organize supporting collective bargaining agreements.


We didn't get a strong commitment from th Republican side on, you know, VEing vetoing national Right to Work. So And And can, when You are face to face with people, And, you're asking questions. And, And. Look, We give th questions to all th candidate prior, right? So it's like, fucking prepare. Lie to lie to us. Tell us what We wanna hear, right? And, when they can't answer th question, or they try And, go around You. Look, We are, we're pretty sophisticated. Now. We're not as dumb as We. Look. And OUR members are certainly not, not dumb. And Yeah, some of 'em are on break or whatever's A lot, but still, like Yeah, someone might be on break. you know what I mean? Look, That's fine, Brother. Third coffee break of th day. But that's, they earned it. Thank God for th unions.


Yeah Yeah, you know? But you know, they, they, they didn't answer th question. So it's like, put th polling numbers together. Put th in-person interviews. you know, We did th right thing, right? We did th right thing. By OUR members, No matter what? And, I'll defend That all day long. But, you know, th problem is, it's like th good news about this whole situation as You. See how treacherous th far left can be, and a far right, And I think it's fucking hilarious, because, you know, don't threaten us with a good time. You wanna fight. Let's do it. Yeah, you know, And And, you know, we'll, we'll cut their money off. We'll, we'll do whatever, whatever It takes. They're gonna have to earn it moving forward. They've done a lot of personal attacks.


They've done a lot of attacks on OUR members. And, And. you know, we're ready to go. Whoever wins either way, you know, They're gonna have to deal with You. They're gonna have to deal with us. Good We, control commerce in this country. Fuck Yeah, dude. And. We're powerful. And. We're not afraid to fight. We're not. We'd rather just fight corporate America Yeah instead of dealing with this other bullshit, which is a distraction. you know, We, We, we've had politicians, right? That, Oh, We support. You We support You, when we're doing th U, PS negotiations, you know, there were some Hi profile people. That, you know, And, senators, That, you know, claim to be th working people. th Schumers of th world, And. Some others we're pro-Union We wanna support unions. They wouldn't sign off on a support letter for, for, for U PS workers prior to going and these negotiations, they wouldn't sign off of support letters.


you know, while we're striking these DSPs where your mom works in Amzn. So it's like, what does That tell You? It means, you know, they're afraid they're gonna get their can campaign contribution taken away from Amzn, And, big tech. Well, don't say one thing. And. Do another Yeah. Be consistent. If, you want to be in bed with big tech? Just tell us, be transparent. like I, you'll always hear me say, th one thing, I do And, And. This is me, probably to a fault. I always state my fucking intentions. Clearly. I'm gonna come after You. We're gonna get XY, And Z for OUR members. And, If, you don't, You are choosing to strike yourself. So, accept th consequences. If you're gonna screw us over, don't fucking hide behind false promises. Screw us over Yeah. you know, tell us you're gonna screw us.


I'm happy. We'll figure out how We deal with it moving forward. Yeah, fuck me and a face. Don't fuck me, and a rear, or whatever. How some people do it. I. Don't do it. Like That, No No. He No baby oil. Here. Yeah, No, Yeah, dude, Yeah. If only did he would've unionized, man. He would've definitely violated every human resource policy. And procedure. It probably wouldn't lasted too long. Yeah, Yeah, And. One of Yeah, th first one. Wash Your Hands. That's th number one. I mean. That's above every sink, you know, Or age appropriate.


Amen. Dude, you know, I got my producers some tickets to th Tennessee Titans verse, green Bay Packers game A few weeks ago, And I did it on Gametime. Gametime has a new feature called Gametime Picks. That makes getting tickets for concerts, And events, easier. Gametime Picks filters out th fluff to show You only incredible deals on great seats. So You don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Additionally, Gametime has th lowest price guarantee, or Gametime will credit You a hundred, And 10% of th difference. Take th guesswork out of buying concert tickets. And, any tickets with Gametime? Download th Gametime app. create an account and use code WEEKEND for $20 off your first purchase. Correct? Baby terms apply can create an account. And redeem code W E E, K E ND for $20 off download. Gametime Today. what time is it? Gametime?


This episode is brought to You By BetterHelp. you know, We all wear masks, sometimes ways. That We present ourselves to th world. And And, just things That We allow people to see. But behind That, sometimes there's a whole orchestra of stuff going on. Thoughts, And feelings, And uncertainties. and a lot of times That can get overwhelming when I get in. Those instances. I, reach out for help. Therapy. I'm m talking about BetterHelp is exactly who I'm speaking of. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, And suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And You can switch therapists at any time for No additional charge. October is th season for wearing masks. But some of us feel like We wear them all year long. Now, You can change That. Take off th mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TN Today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. H E L p BetterHelp dot com slash Theo.


Yeah That, whole thing's crazy I. Think That. They I. Think th government or somebody th C, I a, whoever's busting him, they're gonna use That as leverage to get people to speak out for political leverage, or for speak out in favor of politicians in, in, in lieu of getting exposed. I. Dunno if that's true or not, but I just wouldn't put anything past any of these organizations. Now, what So That was why You guys. Did didn't endorse a candidate. Is there still th possibility for You guys to endorse a candidate? No? We're not gonna endorse it. We've made a decision. That, we're gonna stay out of it. And, you know, see what happens. Nothing would change. That, No. Nothing At all. Nothing at all.


Look, if We change OUR position, either way, you know, We, We, look weak. We're strong. And, right? And, I'm strong. We're strong in opposition. you know, And, there's people That, people That, don't agree with it. And, that's fine. That's s great And, And, And And. th problem is, is like, remember one thing, everybody's opinion matters, right? Especially OUR membership. And, I. I'll tell You, I'm so disgusted. you, you know, th with th behavior of, of people like attacking each other personally, it's like we're, and a we're, and a best country, and a world which we're provided. th greatest freedoms. and a world where We can say, And, do whatever We want within reason. Not breaking th law And not be retaliated or retributive, or any retribution against us.


And, this whole process, that's complete opposite of what We stand for. Yeah And. It's a fucking disgrace. People are laughing at us around th world. They're laughing at us. 'cause we're not taking care of OUR workers, Right? No workers or th communities. I mean, we're getting involved in stupid shit, attacking people personally. Oh You mean union members are No. Just th whole, just all people on th political bullshit. You, you Know, Oh, Yeah, Oh, Yeah. It's unbelievable. It's disgraceful. That. They would th wanna make You guys look bad. Yeah. It's, it's crazy Yeah for workers not to get paid. But th You do have people That say, well, these guys make so much money. And this And That. But a lot of That, you're saying is just bullshit. That's not th starting out salary No. It's Not th starting out salary. And, you know, majority of OUR members are working 50 to 60 hours per week.


Oh Yeah, you know, life Family balance doesn't exist in certain industries. And, we've been fighting hard to make sure That, We negotiate contracts, That, you know, limit overtime, or limit, limit people being forced to work. And, you know, people might think, you know, everything's s great in this country. There's still a lot of workers out there. That are hurting Yeah. There's still a lot of people. That are hurting. That are living week to week, paycheck to paycheck. Oh, indeed. And And. It, And, it's a disgrace. And, we're giving money out Left And, right? That, you know, let's take care of OUR workers. Let's take care of th people. That, Make it, make Oh Yeah. If your workers' Las name was Israel, you'd have all th cash You needed. you know, that's for damn sure. But it is unfortunate. Yeah, my mom's out there. She's driving a fucking catalytic converter, 30 miles out and th desert to th drop it off.


you know, delivering auto parts, sometimes And, you know, And. It's like And. She's not even getting paid By th per mile or whatever. No. Just You got. Think about all those things. you know, And And, Who's making th money? Who's doing all th work? And. Who's making th money? It's easy. Be a big muffler. Or whoever. Yeah, whoever it is, dude. New Am New York Amzn delivery drivers. Join th teamsters in surge of momentum. That's exciting. Hundreds of Amzn drivers at a delivery station in Queens, New York, marched on their bosses, Today to an out there joining. th teamsters, I think, strike's fun, dude. If. you have somebody out there with a drum or something? Oh. We. Get it all. I mean, we've got, strikes are awesome. I mean, th one thing about strikes are two things. When You strike for recognition, It sends a strong message to th employer.


That, you know, OUR members are United. OUR members are strong. And And, they wanna fight for a contract. And If, you don't. We're gonna withhold OUR labor. I mean, there's a lot to be said about disruption. Yeah, And th and th positive effect on It. Fuck, Yeah And. Look, it is what It is. And, you know, it's not easy at times, but You got fight. You got stand up. And Oh And. It's a great litmus test for us, because We know how strong th Group is or isn't. And these amzn workers, ve got tell You, they have courage, And conviction. Like, I've never seen And, you know, two, two and a half years ago. you know, know, put this as a priority. We've, ve got organize Amzn workers, and we have been working, you know, tirelessly around th country. And, this is gonna be a reality.


This is definitely gonna be a reality. you know why? 'cause once You shut, you know, companies like Amzn Down, or You Shut a DH L Down, or any company, You shut th ports down, it sends a strong fucking message on. Look, this is, this is important. And. These corporations need to realize who's actually in charge. And. It's not them. Yeah, Yeah, I agree, man, I long for th day. That, We, That. Like, everybody just s like all of these, like, Facebook headquarters in different Verizon or whatever. I, don't care if my cell phone doesn't work, dude. you know what I'm saying? I Don't want a cell phone anymore. Yeah, you know, It ruins everything. That's Awful. It's awful. It's like we've ruined kind of ev It's like we've let technology take away so many things.


That were valuable to us. And. th You. See th effects of it on, on children And. They don't know th difference, right? But th You. See some, some countries like Poland who are standing up for like, whatever their beliefs are as a country, And, like their moral fortitude. And, And. It's interesting to, it's interesting. Sometimes I Wish That We did more stuff like That. you know, We started to realize, like, Hey, just because this is a technological advancement, or because It makes things easier, is it good for us humans? No, We, Humans, we've dummied down society. Oh, Yeah. you know what I mean? Look, think about this. you know, We talk about phones. I used to be able to memorize 10 or 15 phone numbers, right? Yeah, because I'd go to a payphone, And I'd call someone And.


And. I didn't have th number written down. I'd have to memorize it. Oh. Yeah, right now. If, you were I. Can't even tell You I. I'm lucky, you know, my own phone number. Because all You do is just speak and a speak and a, a, a, a microphone. And your phone. And. Call Theo Yeah. Bang. Call You I. Don't even have to know your number. Yeah. Call my bookie, or whoever. You, Yeah. I. Want a beeper? Let's get a beeper back. Oh, Yeah beeper. Let's put Payphones back and a corner. Payphones. Yeah. A home run. Pay. th best part about payphones was when You were on one, And, some guy, like a homeless guy or whatever, or like, Or trying to, someone trying to rob You. You can just hit 'em with th receiver Yeah. It's true, but it was never long enough. You, it would get so Yeah, it would get an inch from their skull, And it Back. It'd be like, like Oh shit. Now he's gonna hit me. Yeah, You'd have like, put in 40 more cents.


And, you'll get like three extra inches of cord. you know, And, You could beat th guy. you know, crank Calls were th best from Oh. Payphone, huh? Payphone. Were th best. Also, because, well, first of all, You used to be able to hide from people. You could be like, I can't be That. Nobody could know where You were. They couldn't get in touch with You at all times. Yeah, Did, You share a location, You'd have to Oh No, I. Don't share my location, dude. I don't either. Yeah, I'm not sharing my location, dude. I would, that's crazy. With who? I don't even know who would Yeah. But, I, I, Yeah. That's crazy. You're gonna, you're not gonna see me coming, motherfucker. Imagine your parents tracking You like 25 years ago on social media. No, I would've tied my phone to a cat's back or whatever.


Oh, Yeah, Yeah. Let That bitch hit th streets, duct tape It to like th German shop. It's call. Wanna run around Oh? It'd be awful. They track. Come. Damn, come on. Like, I'm 53 years old, And. and we We ran wild, like back and a day. Oh, Yeah, And, I. Couldn't imagine my poor, my my mother. We ran her hard. you know, We ran her hard. But I can't imagine, like these fucking idiots put everything on social media now. And. It's like, really, like We used to be able to lie. They rat themselves out all th time. Oh, Yeah people, rat. th they tell their boss he can't come and work. And. th they're partying or something. Yeah Buffalo Wild Wings or whatever. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, dude, Yeah, We used to, You used to be able to lie to somebody. And. They didn't know You were lying. Oh, what about That?


Beautiful piece of America. That. We lost Yeah. How great You able to lie. And not get caught. Yeah, Dude, You can tell a woman, You, were a lawyer or whatever, And. She's like, you're 11 And. I'm like, who cares? th defense rests. you know, Yeah. But those were th days, man. You could go. and another City, And, Yeah. You could just make up stuff. You didn't have to be a criminal forever. If, you were online or something. So much of th fun is gone because a lot of th mystery is gone. But th Las thing, We can, if We lose, th like, man, it's just so crazy. 'cause so much of th fabric of OUR society has started to dissolve. It's like, you know, it's not as much of a Christian nation anymore.


It's not. We haven't stood up for even And. Even if it's it, if It doesn't have to be a religious nation, it should be a moral nation, right? and we don't protect, like, w We don't stand for things morally like business has just taken over. It's Yeah like greed. It's just, it's gotten, it's crazy. How about people? How about people? you know, everybody talks about, you know, all, all this righteous bullshit, right? And, and a lot of it's, some of it's good, some it's bad. But, you know, recently, I I work in Washington, C, And, th were people actively desecrating monuments, And lighting, th American flag on fire. Now, regardless of what your position is on anything going on, and a world like growing up, th one value That We add is You.


Respect That flag. And You, defend it with everything. You got Yeah, And I kind of I I posted a picture of an American flag on social media. And, And. I'm not really allowed to touch my social media, you know, because like, guys like Will And Brien, my, my good people, That are around me, chief of staff. They protect me from myself. 'cause there's certain things. That just drives me nuts. But I, post th American flag, And, I wrote, I will defend And, honor this till th day I die. And everybody else, shoot. We're and a greatest country. and a world I got attacked. Like on th these private dms saying, well, Supreme Court said it's legal to burn a flag. Okay? So it's legal to burn a flag.


'cause th Supreme Court says, this is I morally, right? Yeah to desecrate something so sacred. So That, that's where like, I think We Go get back to basics. And say, look, I agree. Let's fucking cut this bullshit out. We're, and a greatest place and a world, But We don't even. But now, it's almost If. you say America, You say U. SA, you're suddenly a right? You're far right. you know, it's like If. you put an American, like some people think th American flag. It's like it's been positioned By. th media That. It's not even That. It's not OUR unifying flag anymore. you know, That, it's to, for one party, And, they did That on purpose. And, it's, it's unbelievable. It's sick. and we took th pledge of allegiance outta schools.


Little things That I think have an effect on, on yourself. And your psyche in a positive way to make You feel like you're part of a Group And. When You don't feel like you're part of a Group anymore. You don't feel like you're part of th fabric of America. That. It's not a real thing. th You start to only look out for yourself. And. That's when I think things get really scary. Well, If we're so bad, wouldn't people be leaving here? Left And, right? Oh, Yeah, all those people. That said they were gonna leave or whatever. And, they're leaving, dude. I. Wish they would leave. Dude. Yeah, I love I, love this country. And, I, I. It's, it's, look, do We, do We have OUR flaws as a nation? We, all Yeah We have OUR flaws as human beings. Everyone of us Yeah. Look at th jets, Right? Yeah, you know, you know Jesus And know.


But you know, it's a great country. It, it's, it's something That. People should be proud to live here. you know, And, they should respect it. And, And, th fight isn't amongst ourselves. you know, for us, guys like me and a And, OUR union members, it's like We. Were afforded freedoms because of That flag, because of th country. We live in Yeah, where th enemy is not ourselves. th enemy is corporate American, crooked politicians. It's fucking easy. Yeah. It's weird when th enemy now is in your country, though. That's th Yeah, that's th thing that's gotten different. you know, We used to, it used to be That. You would, you know, your enemy was other countries or th countries. You had conflict with And. Now it's gotten to be That.


th enemies are running OUR country, or they are in debt to people who are running OUR country. That's, it's, you know, or OUR leaders are in debt to, so, to OUR enemies, that's what's gotten weird. OUR leaders are in debt to people who don't care about th morals of this country. you know, And, who don't have any No And, It's, it's, there's got be a solution to th problem, though. That's what I hope, brother I fucking hope, dude. I will fucking chew th tires off somebody's asshole, brother. I. Get I fucking hope. That We can change things, dude. you know, And I. Think there's a lot of guys out there who can, you know. So, That Phrase, You just said, chew th tires off someone's asshole.


So, if I had to interpret That in a Boston interpretation, what do You think That would Be? Oh man. I just came a swift kick and a nuts. No I. Think it would be Ha, Yeah No. I'd put a cannoli in there somewhere. Yeah North End Yeah th Italian section. What's That? One place? It's so good as th green Awning. It's open all night. Oh. th Bova. Yeah. You. Go in there. And. They got Mike back and a back. and he doesn't have, he has, he may still have a couple teeth. I. Don't know what, there's an update. You can get online. I haven't checked. It was Nice. Tooth Yeah, Yeah And. th he'll, they're like, tell th Mike And. He'll be like, Hey. know Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I. Think that's Bova Baker. It's open. Yeah. Yeah That, bro. Yeah Bova Baker Yeah. That Place is good, dude. Yep.


Yep. I'm not gay, but I'll suck off one of those. Cannolis brother. I'll tell You, That. you know what I'm saying? Dude, B L. M Dude, those things are good. And, bro. You. Go in there. You can meet a lady. They got some people in there, dude. And. th guy That works in there, works with his ex-wife in there. They're in there running it all night. Yep. Yep. But Yeah, they got th guy and a back who's still got, he's got a, you know, he's got a couple of horsemen left and a stable back there. And, every, now And. th he Oh. There's some thoroughbreds back there. Oh, Every now and th he'll sound off. you know, Yeah. Absolutely. Every now and th somebody will, like, you Know what's good about That Place? And. They, every now And. th Yeah, they put him in a Vince Wilfork jersey back there, And. He'll fucking start rattling around. Back, back and a day. That Place used to be great, because You come outta th bars in Fan Hall or North Station.


And, That was th only place Open And, you know, You You after drinking 35 beers. It's a good idea to fucking eat a couple cannolis and a little tamao. But th you'd th you'd end up and a corner And. You end up fucking getting in a fight argument. It was like, it was like w E after eating. Cannolis And. Italian pastry. It was WWE players. Dude, Oh man. Wwe. Two guys, guys beating th shit out of each other with fucking Frost. Oh, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, th cheeks, Oh. It was crazy. One Guy's got a fucking apple crow just slammed. and his throat. It's funny. I Live, I live right near there, And. It's still, it's still open it in Icon. It's Yeah. It's cool. Oh Las time. I was there. We went in there. And it, Yeah. It's so good, dude. Yeah Oh, That Place is good. Salt. And Battery with a cannoli.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah got Oh, bro. They got th best stuff in there. Bring it up. Bring up their Website. What's it called? B Yeah. See what they got on there? See, let me see some of th items over there. Oh. You got go with th Whoopi Pie. Oh. They got 'em, They got 'em right there. Oh, Yeah, Yeah, some of those things. Oh. They got those Little I. Mean That. That's from Brulees. Brother. No. My, my son. That You met Today. He's a type one diabetic. Is he? It's, and he always tells his joke, right? But like, see That stuff right there on th Website. It's pretty sad when That can save his life. Oh, Wow. Forget C. PR, that'll save his life.


Put a little curler in him, huh? Put a fucking little bit of Boston Cream in his snout. Oh, Absolutely. Bring him back. th life, brother. That fucking sugar Narcan homie. That poor kid has diabetes. His politicians have fucking diabetes. That's a good point, dude. Oh, I. Hope. You. Almost. It's almost weird. 'cause you're almost like, will some country come And rescue us? But it's OUR own country, you know, Oh, you know, it's like, that's th part that's me. ve got Got rescue ourselves from ourselves. We do. We do. But it's, it's definitely greed is one of th biggest things. So, with th with th country kind of divided And, even with th union, having different views in politics, how do You keep th union unified?


Like, how is it tough to do? Or is it No? I mean? th th one thing, th one thing that's important is, you know, th inclusiveness of th union, you know, we're on a, we're on a dictatorship. OUR leadership is something that's never been done. Where We are out there, myself, And, you know, my general secretary treasurer, my partner And, all this Fred Zuckerman, We, are actually out three, four days per week in work sites all around th country. We're not talking to leaders. We're not talking. We're talking to We, are talking to rank And, file members in every industry. We want We represent And. Look, this, this political shit that's going on right now, th pre presidential race, it's important. But what We do is represent work, is that's th most important thing.


So, what do We do to, to, to, to keep them unified? Negotiate th best contracts. Be out there. Be visible, be transparent, be inclusive. But more importantly, be honest with them. you know, you know, th part, part of th part of th issue with a, a, a lot of, a lot of situation we've been through over th Las, two and a half years as And th success we've had is because we've been honest with OUR members, And, we've, we've empowered them. you know, we've empowered them where they know We have their backs. We, they know That. If they want to take on a fight, okay, we're ready to go. you know, there's No, ifs, ands, or buts about it. Yeah, And. Should every worker be part of a union?


Do You think I think every worker should be part of a union? I mean, look, think about it. you know, We set th tone nationwide on air, you know, industry standards, And, look, everybody should have healthcare. They don't have to pay for th an employer's paying for everybody should have a pension. That, they can retire on And, actually maintain their quality of life while they're retired. So, Yeah, everybody should have That. That's th American dream. Yeah, And Unions, it would feel like are especially disadvantaged, because even th 'cause their healthcare costs go up year over year. And, those costs get levied out to th members. th members have to, even if their s is going up, th cost of th healthcare is going up.


th same or similar. So it's It, it's, it all washes out. you know, like I was reading th other day about, there was a Union 32, BJ I think it is. 32. BJ S E, I U Yes, Which has workers paying 37% of their compensation, of their earnings for, to healthcare. Th members spent. what, what you're saying is, th members spent 37 million towards th cost of some of their premium That they pay and a health insurance. See, with us, We, We, That, th No, That 37 That, 37% of their compensation goes towards healthcare Yeah. So they're paying a cost part of their compensation towards their healthcare. We, We, We go, and every single negotiation, th majority of OUR members, And, th big industries do not pay anything towards th premium.


th employers, We, We, We demand That. They pay And full. Now, there are some industries, That Pay, you know, certain percentage towards it, like public sector. But We get th ability to negotiate That, you know, We get th ability to negotiate free healthcare And stuff like That And. That's, that's important this day. And age, because can You get back to big business? you know, we're out there fighting for th best benefits for OUR members. Healthcare, We, We want zero to low cost. And, who's making all th money? These fucking providers, like Yeah, you know, th th blue Cross, th th insurance company. Blue Cross, blue Shields of th world, you know, th Kaisers of th world, And, And. you know, they act like they're providing us all these great benefits. We are fighting for 'em, right? And, they're actually a vendor to us.


So, We some in some instances, right? We're th customer we're in, we're investing in OUR own demise in certain situations, right? So, you know, we've tried to change That narrative as well, but Yeah, it's a disgrace. That's a disgrace. Yeah And I read an article, That in New, Jersey police, fire And Teachers unions are expecting a 20% increase in their healthcare premium premiums for 2025. I mean, you know, so You You take a wage increase. That's, you know, You, You get a 5% wage increase, right? But your health insurance goes up 20%, right? That's what can You just lost money, right? Right. And, why You shouldn't be losing money.


No. It's all part of th same scam. It's like Yeah Yeah. Well, okay, we'll give You an increase, but this is gonna be even higher. th That. So We know we're gonna get th money back. So Think about this. You, get a teacher. That is responsible for cultivating th next generation educating That, next generation, right? Yeah You, get a firefighter that's running and a burning building to save your children. And he doesn't have health healthcare. And you have a police officer that's risking his life every single day with zero support from communities now. Yeah. Except a Marl bro neck brace. Yeah. Right? And, and, yeah. Yeah. Right. Exactly right. Yeah. And you want them to pay, I know. More for their health insurance. You outta your fucking minds. Right? It's literally, seriously didn't get to the point, Sean, where you're literally gonna have to smoke for medical care.


It's gonna be like, yeah. Alright, If, you want an iv? It's 20,000 more robots. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You want a Tylenol? You gotta smoke a fucking cotton of cigarettes. Break 'em off. Yeah. It's crazy. But imagine, imagine those people, full Body, like just a full body Winton cast, you know? Yeah. Just a full body Parliament cash. you know, this costs 30,000 Tarin 100 Miles. Oh God. That must have been a Boston thing. My grandmother, my grandmother used to smoke Tarin one hundreds, right? And she had like a three inch ash. And you'd be sitting there, I'd be like, all right, when's this gonna light the couch on fire? Hold? No. When is it gonna light the die van on fire? I didn't know Where the fucking van.


The van. Yeah. I didn't know what it was. She called it a die van. The die van. Yeah. Whatever. Well, yeah. My grandmother called it a di van. Yeah. Whatever it was. Yeah. Yeah. They both had wrong Smoking butts, you know? Oh, and they all smoked through pregnancy, right? Oh, Yeah, brother. Oh, you'd see a kid be born, hed be, you know, four ounces, bro. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. She'd put 'em in. My grandmother put one my brother in a curio cabinet for a little bit. Kid Was Kim was craving like, fucking tab, tab cola. Dude. They had a fuck, what was I gonna say? My brain's aren't working good today, man. Some days it's on, some days it's off. you know, it's union. you know what I'm saying? Hey, might Be on your off shift, but Hey, it's, hey, but hey bro, it's part of the union, dude. Hey, FMLA. Hey, it knows. It knows, no matter what that it's going to, it's gonna be rewarded.


FMLA Friday, Monday leave act. Yeah. What was, what else was I gonna ask you? Yeah, why do every, why does every, did we already ask this? Why does every worker need a contract with their employer? Well, because look, If, you don't have a contract, right? And I tell this to people all the time. We're organizing workers. 'cause, you know, we, we, we have these meetings with, with, with groups that wanna organize. And you always get people that don't want organize, right? They wanna be friends with the boss. So they think that they're being taken care of. And I always tell 'em, look, take a piece of paper. Write down all your demands. Write down your guarantees. like I, Sean O'Brien, demand for my boss, and my boss will provide for me 7% wage increase every year.


Free healthcare, job, security, respect in the workplace. And If, you give that to your boss that you're not organized. You think he's gonna sign that? Absolutely not. There's no guarantees. Yeah. Right? Well, the union contract, you're guaranteed, you guaranteed yearly wage increases. You're guaranteed medical, you're guaranteed retirement, you're guaranteed holidays, you're guaranteed vacations. It's simple. It's easy, you know, and that's the litmus test. Hey, If, you don't believe us? Then everything that you want, write it down as a contract. You individually go give it to your employer. And I guarantee You one or two things are gonna happen. He is gonna laugh at You, And. th he is gonna fire You Damn And. Now, in smaller businesses, it might be different.


Yeah. There's I. Mean, look, there's a lot of smaller businesses. That actually take care of their employees. That, you know, we've had instances where, you know, you've had a small business, you know, a couple of people come to You, And, you know it, you know, And, when You get into th weeds, deep down, and a weeds, You. See, That, you know, these, you know, this, this might not be a great opportunity for, for a union, And or, or an employer. That is actually doing th right thing. By By th members. That's th one thing That people lose sight of is what We do as a whole, holds other people accountable. So what, what get, as a union may encourage these small employers to do th right thing, selfishly to keep us out, right?


Right. So, We do set That Bar pretty Hi, but there's a lot of family owned businesses. That, you know, That you know of, especially in my area where I grew up, where, you know, they take care of their employers. you know, I have a friend of mine, Paul nro, who started his own business, and he sold It for a, a, a lot of money. That He probably never has to work, can. But he's an example where he always took care of a small, like, tech company. And, when he left, He had a, he had an employee That worked for, for 35 years on a forklift. He gave him a $500,000 check. Wow just, you know, stuff like That. So there's are good stories out there. But you know, th majority of people, you know, th and can, I'll stand By, I think everybody should, should have th ability to join a union.


Well, without retaliation or retribution. Yeah And can. But there are a lot of good employers, That, small businesses, family run. That have done well. and a And have rewarded th people. So, you know, it's, it's not every employer is bad, because in non-Union, Yeah man, I used to speaking of forklifts, I used to work over. I used to work at this place. We was galvanizing. Clevis clamps or something. Some bullshit. I don't know. I got really bad sunburn doing It. 'cause We had to do it outdoors or whatever. 'cause That Pro We weren't unionized or whatever. But Yeah, we'd be out there galvanizing shit. and a sun And, And, Oh at lunch. Sometimes We would get real Hi And, like We would put each other on That p on a pallet on th forklift.


And th put it all th way to th top And. Get th highest dude. And just put him way up there. And. Leave him up there. While He went And. Nate You guys definitely needed a union. Yeah. You know, Oh Yeah was It. th was it, th was It, th junior guy, or th senior guy. You put up th Oh No. It was as, it was a low, it was a low on th totem pole. Guy. It was me. Did they drug test at That Company? Uhuh? Did they drug test at That Company? Fuck, No. You. But You knew people were on drugs. Yeah. So You didn't have to test Yeah. Yeah just You already knew it. Yeah, It was just kind of baked. Was It like A prerequisite? Yeah? you know, It wasn't not, it was baked Yeah. That's th one thing That We do. When We stand, By We, you know, all everybody's Go get drug tested For th most part, most of OUR members do, which is a good thing You don't want. Do You guys Use, use U usada.


Who do You guys use? Oh. I? Don't even know Oh. You. Don't No Usada No. They're a big drug testing company. Oh, one of America's greatest mysteries is th Hoffa Mystery, right? So ve got ask about That, you know, And, what happened to him, right? Because he was th teamsters president. He was, he was. Well, there was th father And. th junior. th father was an icon. I mean he put th teamster on th map. Did. you ever meet th father? I Didn't. No, he was, I was born in 1972. He disappeared in 75. No. But my, my, my, you know, a lot of people That did outta my local And, everything else. And. you know, He, He was, he was an icon. He really was greatest labor leader ever.


And. and he put th teams, since He had to organized labor on th map, And th he went missing, right? Yep. Do You think he's still alive or not? I mean he'd be a hundred, And five or something like That. So I don't know. Probably not. He's getting overtime. If he is Yeah, It might, Yeah I mean, but he's probably on th clock still, you Know, Probably on th clock Or Yeah. Do You think he's still on th clock? That's probably th appropriate term. Do once You become president, do they tell You what happened to him? 'cause he went missing? No one knows what happens to him. I mean, that's th biggest mystery. There's all these theories. That, you know, You get killed. By, th mob, there's all these theories. That, you know, he's buried under a giant, giant stadium. No one knows I, mean Yeah, you know, all th theories. But, but th one thing, That is like, look, he's gone. But th work That he did, should never be forgotten.


I mean, That guy. Yeah, he's buried under a dunk. And Don, it's out and a Yeah Or whatever, Yeah, who knows? Yeah, probably South Medford or something. But Yeah, there's always You. Like, we're not digging up Yeah another Dunking Don Yeah, Yeah. It's Know, We got munchkins to make, but No I mean it's unfortunate what happened. But, you know, back th I mean it, you know, th teamsters, it was, it was a, a, a very controversial, very influential organization, which I, think Today we're not as controversial, but we're just as, as as much influential. And, No, I. Don't I I get asked this question all th time. I'm sure We had to ask, but I'll tell You one thing. Fascinating thing in my office, in, in I'm, and a same office, That, he had And th his, his son, His son, Jimmy, Jimmy Junior.


P James p Hoff, can Not sure James P. Hoffman. James p Hoffer. James P Hoffa. Yeah, definitely not his father, you know, was born on third base. And actually thinks He hit a triple to get there. Yeah, you know, great name recognition, right? But in my office, You have, It was all, it's been all done over. But th one thing is, there's a little clause in my office, That, you know, they kept part of th history. And You open, th closet door. There's a little closet door and a hallway. And. There's actually a two rail tape recorder that's still there. So He used to tape record all his conversations in his office. And, listen to him. You weren't You, didn't even know You were getting taped.


Oh, right? Wow. So it's actually still there. It doesn't function. But you know, it's funny. Bobby Kennedy tells a great story, And, it is true. you know, there's No, there's No love loss between Jimmy Hoffa, Sr. And, And And, Bobby Kennedy's father. Actually, this is th If. you see this? That's President Hoffa at a Senate hearing, Flipping him Off, flipping off Robert Kennedy, right? But Robert Kennedy Jr. Tells th story how driving past OUR headquarters, And with his father. He was probably 14 years old. He was probably 14 years old. and he iss driving past his past OUR building, And, his father, his father had like a vendetta against Hoffa.


and he saw That. He was in there like nine o'clock at night, working th lights was on. So He dropped Bobby off. And said, ve got go back to work. If he's working this late, he's preparing. ve got prepare. So It was funny, th story, but, you know, He was definitely an icon. and he made, th team says what it is, Today, Yeah. you know, I had a fallen out with his son, who, you know, as far as I'm concerned, you know, he He, he He didn't do what was right towards th end with th union. And. That's th great thing about having a democratic union. And does everybody's You vote and a union count for th same All OUR Rank And file members vote Yeah. We're one of th only unions where one voice, one vote each, each one of OUR rank, And file members gets th opportunity to vote on their leadership.


Hmm, And. So now every union member can vote for, also for any president That they want, or any election, Whoever's running, whoever's declared candidate, they can, they can vote for whoever they want. So lo long, most of th time We run as slates. So you'll have like th Sean O'Brien slate or th like I. Think We had it's th oz, th O'Brien zuckerman slate. and we had OUR opponents Las time were membership slate or something like That And, you know, You run as a slate. A team got it. Team of 24. How often do You have to run? Every Five years? Every five years. Yep. So We ran in 2000. Oh OUR election was in November of 2021. and we take over March of 2022.


So we'll have another election in November of 26. And take over, you know, obviously get sworn in for another term, hopefully in March of 2027. And, do You have a campaign slogan or Did? you have like a campaign slogan. No, but I think Yeah. Well, We did Yeah, bigger, faster, stronger. Yeah, And, I say it all th time. you know, we've, ve got be bigger. ve got be faster. ve got be Stronger. and we definitely have We, definitely have done That Is It Union growing? It's growing. We've, we've organized just th teams of th loan in two and a half years, organized 50,000 new members. and we've organizing And, And d on in traditional industries. But you know, for a fact, you've probably never done this. You've probably never smoked weed. But We are organizing and a cannabis industry No way where there's 425,000 W2 employees nationwide.


Bud Slaves, they call 'em, a lot of people are calling 'em Yeah because they're not unionized. No. And we have organized I. Think we've got 2000, We're sleeping in Hammocks Avenue. We've got 2000 of them organized I think throughout th throughout th whole country. So they're, they're, and they're, and cultivation, there's workers. That are in, in warehousing, And. th they're gonna be in distribution. So all in OUR Warehouse are what We do in, there's 425,000 of Them. Is That one of your la largest growing sectors? It's well, Yeah, I, th Sector of th term, or what is it, LA It's divisions. Is That one of th largest growing Divisions? Well, We, we're, we're hopeful. It Will I mean? We're doing a lot of th things differently. We, you know, once this is legalized nationwide, which I think both candidate are supportive of legalizing it, You are gonna see, and a safe banking laws of change, where can these companies can put money and actual banks, you're gonna see private equity come out, And, try And, buy up all these, all these smaller companies, Yeah, where what we're doing is we're working with a private equity fund utilizing contributions from OUR pension funds, And investments in OUR pension funds to be th buyer of 'em, to, to, to be th buyer of 'em.


Let's go, right? And And, obviously, you know, organize within this industry. So there's 425,000. Is It a conflict of interest though, to be an owner in It? No? We're not an owner. It would be th private equity firm, That, We invest in. So it's, it's not uncommon. We do It all th time in other industries, like, Would You still make th best deal for your candidate? Oh, we're gonna make th best deal because think about it, a lot of times in pension funds, And health, And, welfare funds, We make investments off contributions, because you know, that's what you're supposed to do, right? And, it's usually a pretty dynamic asset allocation. You, invo, invest in real estate. You, invest in private equity, You, rest in stocks, You in, invest in in bonds, And stuff like That, so, or infrastructure.


So think about investing in a lot of times, And, especially with private equity, you know, You are investing in competitors. Non-union competitors. That could potentially put good companies out of business. So we're taking a different look at it now. And approach. And say, look, why don't We invest? and a industries That, We actually represent And instead of investing in OUR demise, We invest in in areas where We can help. So, for instance, 30% of this portfolio will be dedicated towards a cannabis investment. And. th other 70% will be in all kinds of other investments, right? We're hoping to raise a billion dollars By January or February of 2025.


And That gives us th opportunity as well, is like, if there's a distressed company out there, like a small business that's unionized, or even a big business like Yellow Freight, who went out of business 'cause they couldn't get financing. 'cause it was a greedy private equity firm known as Apollo. If We had this fund up, And running, you know, a couple years ago, We could have bought Apollo's position out at $600 million. Restructure. th company. And actually keep 22,000 jobs, right? Wow. So we're, we're doing creative, innovative stuff like That as well. you know, You have to Oh, You have to, because like I said, we're a lot more sophisticated. And, OUR members deserve, deserve, you know, th investments we're gonna make on their behalf.


And, how And like You. Look at th cannabis industry, for instance, right? If it doesn't get organized, what future do people have going to work there? So We organize them. We negotiate contracts. That have health care, That have retirement benefits. We're not just creating a a a a job. We're creating careers for people, right? Right. Cultivation, warehousing, distribution. I mean, you know, it's fascinating. know that's what what should be doing? Yeah. That's really interesting. Yeah, And, I can't believe that's one of th biggest growing That. That's one of th largest growing. So they're, they're saturated heavily. It's like one of th largest growing sectors for Divisions. Yeah, they're, they're saturated heavily with, with licenses nationwide, you know, right?


And, that's a good thing. But they're capital poor right now. So they're waiting for this, you know, legalization federally And, th safe banking laws are changed. And, you're gonna see, you know, a grab And. If we're not controlling That grab, you know, th best interest of these workers are not gonna be at hand. So, We wanna make sure first And foremost, that's what we're doing. We don't, we're not, we're not, you know, really concerned with, you know, doing double digit return on investments. We're concerned on taking care of these workers. That work in this industry. And making certain That, they have th ability to have a career if they choose. But How crazy That, it's even come to That. Also, That Now, in order to ensure That th workers are gonna be safe.


You That, th company, That th organization, making them safe also wants to be a vested interest and a like, you know what I'm saying? Makes sense. Yeah th Th skin and a game. You got th skin of Th game. It makes sense, but it's crazy. That You would That People wouldn't just think Yes, We need to take care of, of th workers Yeah. Well, so can You get back to corporate greed, Yeah, you know, You, get back to a bottom line of a balance sheet before people Yeah. It's unreal, man. And th there won't be any more people. That'll just be a robot. And. Some, you know, you know, some I don't even know. Just I. Who knows? you know, some Israeli lizard looking a Bitcoin somewhere jerking off in a, in a, in a, in a, in a bank vault.


One of your most viral moments was You had a confrontation with a fella from Oklahoma. Was he a Senator Yeah? Us Senator Mark Wayne Mullin. Mark Wayne, Mullin, And Did. you guys ever patch That up? 'cause You guys, almost You guys almost did a charity fundraiser fight right there. and a, and a Senate. Well, We had Yeah We had two, two run-ins. you know, one, I'm not sure people don't know, people know I, Don't know Yeah. We We had two run-ins. Like I was testifying in a Senate hearing at th request of Senator BERNIE SANDERS, who I got a ton. A lot of respect for And. I'm a huge of And. This guy like, attacked me first.


What was He upset about? Well, He, he He. So when You go and these hearings, And can, like We have to submit like a 15 page brief, right? So, You, give That 24 hours prior. And th you're got condense That in your testimony to about two and a half to three minutes. So, I'm reading my testimony, And, you know, usually have witnesses. Pro And Con on each side. That's And. You. Have, you know, th republicans on th help committee? And th Democrats on th help committee. And I didn't know I didn't know this guy from a hole and a wall. and he had an issue with a, a different union. He owned a business of plumbing or pipe fitting company in Oklahoma. And, I. Guess they, you know, they picketed his house. He had 300 employees or something.


So he took it very personal, which, you know, Hey, someone shows up at your house at his personal, but th reality of It has nothing to do with me. So, He started, like, attacking me on all this stuff. And, of course, being from Boston and a neighborhood, I'm like, fuck You dude. Like, whatever. Like, you're a clown. like I just started shitting on him. Yeah, he started shitting on me back, right? And, poor Bernie. like, I thought He popped a nitro. He was like, enough, enough, enough. And. So That was, it was Yeah. It was like, you know what? It was like, it was like, you know, you're sneaking and your grandmother's house in Hi school. 'cause you're drinking And, your grandfather's up screaming at You. But I felt bad for him. And th So That was an can. Yeah, th He bums a sip of liquor off Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah. what? He goes to bed. You're like, this is a, this is definitely You got A Marl, bro.


Yeah, this is, I'm two point shy, right? So, Yeah, this is insider trade. Know. So We, get into this big exchange. And th I didn't know who He was. It was, it was actually comical. That was th first time And. th So after That, of course, I start attacking him on social media, and he starts attacking me back, and we're going back And forth. So th I have to testify another herring. and he come in and he fucking He was all fired up, you know? 'cause clearly I hit a few nerves. And. He's like, stand your butt up, And. I'm like, You, stand your butt up. I'm fucking He goes, You, wanna do this? We'll do it right now. I'm like, let's do it. And. And. They didn't let y'all fight though, huh? No. I was like, you know what? It was like, I, It it.


you know, I played a little bit of hockey. And. th like, I. Don't even think I could jump over th boards anymore. But, you know, if I got over there and he got over I, man, it's, it's on. But you know, it, it And poor Bernie, you know, he's yelling, Yeah, yelling, And everything else. I saw That clip. He I mean He was It. He called me. th next day he goes, Did, you have fun. I. Go. I had a fucking blast, to be honest with You, right? And. So th as time went on, you know, Mullen's people, And, my people were bumping and each other up at Capitol Hill, And, they all determined It would be, and a best interest. If, you know, We sat down, And, you know, try to air out differences. If We couldn't air out differences, whatever. But, you know, He challenged me to a fight, like a charity fight.


He's supposed to be an MMA Oh. He did MA fighter And. I'm like, dude, I, I wa I I walked to work. I'll just meet You and a park. you know, Yeah And. We'll see what happens. But thankfully it didn't get to That. Both sides. And for th best, you know, No, I'll be honest with You, like I met with him. We agree to disagree on a lot of things, but, you know, he's a sitting us Senator. One of a hundred should be well-respected people. I get th privilege of representing 1.3 million working people. you know, We both probably could have done things differently That day, but it was fucking fun as hell Was fun. Yeah It was good. And it was, It was great because, you know, And, You need some of That shit. 'cause c-span or whatever That Channel is, is fucking boring. Oh Yeah Yeah it like, rah Rah, I'm lying to You.


Yeah, And You. Don't even know what's going on on there. you know, every now And. th well, CSP span's awful. It's like, it's like watching old people, you know, hump And. They're all Yeah. I mean Yeah. If you've done it. No, I haven't never done That Yeah never watched That stuff. Look, dude, long as, you know, watching I, but I Maybe, I'll watch th Golden Bachelorette now or something, you know, As long as you're not watching it On th clock. No No, definitely No be, and a break room. Yeah Yeah and a Break room, dude. th break room is always so much fucking fun, dude. I'll tell You this. And, I've definitely stolen from my employers. I used to work at th Grocery, right? And I was a checkout guy, right? We did stocking And Check.


And. That. And. th I got moved up to Checker. And bagger too. Dude, And, I got up. And. When I'd go to th What's More important, checker or bagger? Bagger's. Def Bagger sounds a little deviant. Yeah Definitely. Well, I used to Ba I used to, if it was rich people, I would ring their items up a couple times. And th when poor people came through, I wouldn't ring their items up. But I'd remember, like, okay, I got three boxes of cereal. I just So You were like a modern day Robin Hood at Publix. I mean Yeah. I was ju, you know, wasn't anything big. It was just some fucking Cinnamon Toast Crunch or whatever. Yeah. But I definitely helped out here. And there, Yeah, you know, did what You could, because some families, they didn't notice it. you know, it's still, it's still stealing.


But what We used to do is when we'd go to break, We would walk down like OUR fav, whatever aisle had OUR favorite food, and we just steal some shit right off th shelves. So that's I. Feel Sorry about That. I. Don't wanna apologize. That place is called Dell Champs. I think went out. Business And. th one Did. you think it went outta business because of th employee Pilfering? Or Mean? you know, I didn't take much. I usually took Swedish Fish, And shit. No, I do like a banana Maybe, a little bag of Funions or something. Not one of th big bags, but Yeah It was just, everybody did it. But see, that's not a bad, that's not a fairest thing. Everybody does. It. He just, he just implicated all your coworkers. Oh, dude. Definitely all of them. Chad, giddy, all those dudes. This one dude used to come clock in, go home.


He worked for us for four months. That's funny. Like, who is he? People would come to work, And. They're like, where is he? They came at a piece of picture, picture of him one day. Where is he? This kid named Chucky or whatever. And, we're like, who is he? And like, your employee. You're gonna rat him out. I'm like, I, don't even fucking We. Never seen That Guy. We don't know him to ride him out. Yeah, Dude. But Yeah, working at a grocery store was fun. Do You see more? Do You see th union growing now? Yeah, absolutely. I mean I. We can joke about like, th breaks And, all That stuff. Oh Yeah, for sure. But unions have proved they're th hottest work. And most productive workers and a country, And, I, think this new generation, you know, That have an appetite to fight And, And.


They want to take on th boss And. you know, they're very in tune with social media. And, I think there's a great opportunity. I mean when You see places like Starbucks, And, Chipotle, And, all these, all these, you know, industries, That have never been unionized. Where th young workers That are 18, 19, 20 years old. Demanding recognition, demanding representation, and a workplace. I. Think th sky's th limit. And, I think can, it's, it sets, sets th tone for, you know, know, and next 10 or 15 years, and a labor movement, We definitely have seen growth. and a Teamsters, And, And, and a lot of those industries, That, have never been represented. you know, th th there's, it's, it's exciting times.


Hmm. Yeah, No, It definitely seems like it. Well, we're just, I'm seeing as more big businesses, And things get become conglomerates, And stuff like That, Yeah th Las thing You have is, is it almost seems like it's th Las choice. you know, And, it's th best choice. you know, You have to have somebody fight against these groups for You. This article says this summer alone, 10,000 workers are organized with th teamsters for th first time at a wide range of employers And, traditional teamsters, industries like transportation, And delivery, including DH L, Oh, We. Were already talking about That Yeah. So, You, do You. Think That Oh. It says also, including Amzn. th American Red Cross, Costco, And can Cannabis dispensary nationwide.


So it's, it's everywhere. Yeah We are We. We're, we're heading every single opportunity. We don't solicit We. you know, We We have targets, you know, like Amzn, because they're such a, a bad employer. But DH L, like We represent DH L around th country. Some places were unionized, some weren't. So what We did is We just started striking them for recognition. Oh Yeah, and we shut them down at C, V G, which is th airport in Cincinnati, Las, December, right? Right. During th busiest time for them, And. what We did there, there was 2300 workers. We got a first time contract there for 1300 workers, and a remaining 1100 We got cod check neutrality, which they didn't want to give us.


But We said, look, No problem, next December, we're gonna do th same thing to You. We'll shut You down. And. th good thing for us, once You have a union contract for th most part, whether it's DH L, U, PS, U, NF I, Cisco, any of those We have what they call picket line protection. So, We get to honor picket lines all over th place. So We can extend picket lines at different locations. And, And, shut down industries nationwide. And can, that's AdChoices That. An employer makes That. They shouldn't make And. We've been successful doing That. So, as a result of That, DHL's funny, they are I. Think they are owned. By. th Deutsche Post office. I believe And. Well, I, remember when they showed up with those yellow trucks? Yeah, They're awful. th Kansas City Chiefs. What's going on? Yeah, Yeah.


So, We, you know, We organized, and we have, you know, but they're, they can, they, you know, they're a European company. And, I met with th C, E o after We struck him. And I said, he's like, We, wanna reestablish OUR relationship And. I'm like, okay, give us card check neutrality. What does card check? Neutrality? It means they just agree to, once We get th majority of th employees assigned cards, We give 'em to a third party arbitrator, who decides? th th th validity of th cards? And. th If We have th majority, they sit down, And, negotiate a contract with us. There's No. There's nothing else. can Th validity of th cards. what do You mean? Like, they just, they, they, th th arbitrator will determine if We do have th majority or not. and we don't usually submit these cards for an arbitrator unless We have 80% of th Cards.


So, th cards mean people saying, People sign up. I want to join th union? Got it. Okay. So, you know, they'll determine That And. th they sit down, And negotiate a contract. So, We had a meeting in, in, in Washington. They sent these three th C, E, O th lawyer, And, th C, FO And I went with OUR attorney, Fred Zuckerman, And can, OUR, general Secretary Treasurer. We, sat down. And. They're like, We, want to reestablish th relationship? One guy had an English accent. And, really, really fucking aggravating. Oh, Yeah And. you know, it was like, Good, a, you know, Yeah was like, like, we'll see about It, like, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah, all That bullshit. And pisses me off. Well, We wanna have a relationship. I go, well, th only way we're can have a relationship. You give us co check neutrality. and he said, Yeah, We, don't We don't believe in That.


I'm like, okay, great. Meeting's over. I'm not gonna beg for this. Go fuck yourself. See You later, Yeah And. th like, two days later, OUR attorney's on th phone And their attorney's like, We rethought this, because We told 'em, we'll, just shut You down, Yeah every chance. We got And. You don't wanna be like That. But when they come in, And, th especially, you know, they're not from, they're not an American company. Yeah, you know, they could give two shits less about us. But, you know, we've reestablished OUR relationship where, you know, We, we've made them realize how important their workers are. And how important th relationship is with th Teamsters. So, you know, we've been successful there. And, you know, look, we'll work with anybody, but How, how say, and a weed organization, right? Say th people That work in And for We companies. How do they become part of th union?


How does a someone who's working somewhere who feels like, okay, I'm not supported, or Maybe, I'm at a place That should be supported. How do they approach You guys to be hopefully, potentially be part of th union? They'll Go to a local, they'll go to a local union like a teamsters, local And. They'll, you know, initially, Okay, so start at a local level. Yeah. They'll, they'll, they'll, they'll go to a local level, talk to th local union. Local union will either send in their organizer, we'll provide an organizer for them. They'll go out, talk to th workers, establish a relationship, establish trust. And, have them sign authorization cards, meaning they wanna join th union, And, especially, and a cannabis industry. I, think we've gotten more card check recognition, because I think two things.


They know That, you know, We can strike them for recognition. And two, they know That. We have this ability to, you know, make investments in their businesses as time goes on. Once this fund is created, And, it's good, it's good for th industry, because think about it, we're gonna regulate That industry, right? So if We don't organize them, you know, th mom, And, pop That are charging X amount. And, I. I've never done drugs in my life. I don't even know. I've never smoked weed or anything else, but I've Done 'em. They're all Yeah, Yeah. I mean, they're right. Yeah, I mean I, I, I didn't do 'em, because I probably would've fucking loved them. God, dude. But, you know, I don't know. But, you know, You don't want to undercut each other in this industry where it's a race to th bottom.


So, right there, there are a lot of employers out there. That have welcomed us in because of That reason. Like, We don't want to sell a gummy, you know, 25 cents cheaper. th th guy down th street. So, you know, we've actually regulated this industry to a certain point. But th other thing, too, which is very important in this industry, is continuity of employees. Employees, right? So, If, you are providing employees with a union contract, good wages, good benefits, you know, there's not gonna be a turnover ratio, right? you know, when We first started this organizing campaign, We, were seeing, you know, 20, 21-year-old kids, That, you know, they weren't, they weren't the stealing a banana. They were sampling th product, right? Oh, Yeah, And. They'd get, you know, fight or they'd leave.


So, you know, We, we've actually instilled some stability in this, in this industry, just because they know there's an opportunity. And, And, And, they're, they're, they're organized ass. A contract. And, you know, there's a future Yeah, I. Think th You. Feel like you're part of something. know, absolutely. you know, which is th same thing. Like, and a, which goes back to OUR conversation about America. It just like feeling like you're a part of something, feeling like, you know, I think it used to feel like your country was unionized, you know? Right? It definitely felt like That when I was a kid. And. and we haven't catered to That. you know, And OUR leaders haven't catered to That. And, OUR decision makers haven't catered to That one Las question. Wait, so do, do th Does th union also work with th employer to do certain things?


Yeah I mean. There's times where We We have to work with each other on, you know, legislation, That benefits, you know, both OUR members, And th company. There's, there's a lot of common fights That We have to work together on. It's not, it's not always a line line, line drawn, and a sand And. th good thing is, it's like, you know, a lot of political issues We have coming up. Like, you know, certain issues with Reauthorization Act, And, you know, a lot of federal legislation, we'll work with a lot of OUR larger employers, especially if it's more beneficial for OUR members. Amen. So, Yeah We do work. We do work a lot with employers. Some employers, you know, you'll never be able to work with.


They just, you know, they, they, they just dig in And. They wanna fight all th time. But, you know, we're ready for it either way. But we'll work with anybody. Do You think you'll be able to unionize Amzn workers? Oh? Without a doubt, we're gonna be able to organize them. Hell Yeah, without a doubt. It's gonna be, you know, it's gonna be a battle. It's gonna be a fight. But that's where, you know, We, we're gonna call on, you know, th Dems, And, th republicans, And, everybody involved That say they are passionate, And supportive of these workers. We're gonna, we're gonna call 'em out. We're gonna, we're gonna expose 'em, And. We're gonna put 'em to th test And. That's, that's what needs to happen. Good Yeah, we're gonna be there. We're gonna be their conscience. I wanna represent your mother. Yeah, absolutely. I.


Appreciate it. Some Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I, I, I. Think that'd be awesome. She likes to work hard. Yeah. That's one thing my mom's always been, is a worker. She likes to work. you know, it's probably her favorite thing to do. Absolutely. So, So where Did, you get your work ethic from, Probably from her I. Guess, you know, absolutely. It's funny, it's like Yeah. There's so many things. That, but I do. I do thank her for That. Actually, a lot of times, Yeah, it was like she was always working. But can Yeah, I, I do have a strong work ethic because of her Yeah? No, it's, well, you're a product or environment. Yeah, you know, If, you, if your parents sat on th couch, smoked butts, And drank beers, chances are that's probably what you're gonna do. Yeah. you know, I had th ability growing up where I grew. My father worked two or three jobs.


And hustled his whole life. My mother. th same thing. So, you know, we've tried And, still That, work ethic. And And, my two kids, And And, my nephews as well, you know, which is important. And. That's I. Think We. Go. get back to basics in this country. And, you know, I, I. Think We have th ability to do it over th next several years. Well, And a worker should be able to know if they're gonna lock in with a company, they're gonna be like, I'm gonna be here That. I'm gonna know That. When I get home from work every day. I'm not gonna also wonder, do I need to go back out to another job to pay for insurance this month for my wife, And for my children? And, And. th they're not home to be home with their children. And. So, th th children grew up without their parents around And. So th they run and all types of things.


So, th they're in therapy. And, they're out using drugs, or, or, or, or they don't And. There's No sense of a family, And. It just, everything starts to dissolve. you know, And, it's just And. It definitely is. There's a part of it is greed at th top. and a part of it is That. In a first world country like this, and a country, That, It has th highest GDP and a world You would think That We would also want th workers to be happy. And worrying about what's next always isn't That. You can stress alone, you know, can cause so much damage to someone. Think About, think about your personal life. My personal life.


When you're happy in your personal life, you're productive. Yeah, Right? You're driven. Same should hold true with, with people. That go to work every single day. th employer should realize That If, you have a happy employee. That. You embrace And, You, respect. They're gonna, they're gonna work. That much harder for You, right? And, You reward. more importantly, Yeah, reward. I. Think for sure. Yeah. Sometimes it's, you know, it's tough to be th certain type of employer to everybody but That. They should be rewarded for Sure. There's, there's No. Doubt. you know, I mean You. Talk about therapy when You were a kid. I, I. Just look back at my therapy was a wooden spoon over th head. If We acted up, you know, Oh, Yeah Oh, my mother fucked That was th good old days.


Wasn't It Oh, dude. My mother would hit us like Teddy Brewski, dude, Oh, Yeah, Yeah. She would just fucking, My mother had more hits on us. th Justin Bieber, Oh, Yeah, Yeah Oh. My mother would put on a Pedroia jersey And just fucking tear. and, and us, dude, just hitting triples right off on my brother Oh. That's good stuff. Yeah, Did. you laugh when your brother was getting beat. Oh, No, dude, every now And. th I chimed in. Dude, Oh, I, shadow, a wooden chair over That, fricking mixed breed. Remember how, remember how, like growing up I, don't know how You grew up in your house, but we'd be eating dinner. My father would work two or three jobs. And, you'd be sitting there eating dinner. We grew up in a pretty modest house. Very simple. And, God forbid, you know, You couldn't poke th bear.


God forbid someone spilled something at th table, it'd be Jesus fucking Christ. And. You'd start, you'd be firing. Your, your fork could be have sparks on it, because you're wanting to get outta That table. 'cause You don't want to fail. th wrath. you know what I mean? It was awful. But those are th best times. Oh, Yeah, It was so much fun. And, part of what you're talking about is a family being able to sit, And, have dinner together, right? Oh, absolutely. And. Part of That was because, like, Yeah, because people are being compensated fairly. and a mom was able to be at home, sometimes And, sometimes they weren't. But Yeah, And. Now, we've gotten to this point where it's like both fam, both parents have to work. And. Nobody, And people aren't even building a family unit anymore. And. It's And. I'm not, I don't mean That in a negative way.


Some people still are, but people should be able to afford to do That in a country. That brings in this much, That produces this much. It, it's got start to change. This should be a Work family balance. And. Look, I'm guilty as Charge I went out to work. And I wanted to work 80, 90 hours a week. I still do And. I always did it with th you know, objective of taking care of my family, taking care of, you know, my kids And. Thankfully, my kids didn't end up fucked up over. Well, I mean, you know, Maybe not completely, but Sean Looks like he's a I. Sean's all right, Sean's good. We'll see Yeah, We'll see, Know Jerry's still out. Yeah, Yeah. But No You went to work to provide for your family. And. Now it's like, you know, You made That choice.


Now, You don't have AdChoices, you know, because it's just so hard to make It Yeah. Yeah know We can definitely do better. And. It starts with th individual people. And, sometimes th individual people can't do It By themselves anymore, because they don't have th lawyers to back them up. They don't have th voice they need. So, th individual people have to get together. And. They have to unionize. Yep, And. That's where You guys come in. Yeah, You can't, You can't survive as an American worker. And not represent it. Now, That, th th deck is stacked against You. you know, And, And, you know, th average person. Look, You, wanna go to work? Do your job. you know, let us fight for You. Let us take on th grievances at work. you know, don't bring 'em home. you know, that's th beauty of a union. you know, You don't have to You. You have th you know, You have th backing of a union.


You, don't have to fight with your employee. And. Make a call. And, say, Hey, you know, to your business agent. You, work for me. This is my issue. This is my grievance. I. Have f you're gonna fix it. Yeah, You know, right? Yeah, You don't have to be. Take on all That stress. what do they lose? By being a part of a union. what does a worker, Not a Thing. Not a thing. Not a thing. Not a fucking thing. Hmm. Before You, go. Sean. And, thanks so much for your time. I. Appreciate You, sir. And, thanks for, thanks for representing people. And, supporting people. And being a voice for people. And, Yeah, And, And, sharing things so clearly with us. Today, I. Think That. We've learned a lot. Is there like a movie or a song? Like, is there something from th Dropkick Murphy's or something from a movie, or just some That, like really You feel like, is like, like, has a union fucking feel to it?


For You Ever. I mean one of my favorite movies of all th time I knew I wanted to be a Teamster truck driver. My whole life was Convoy. That. Poor guy just died this past week. Chris Kristofferson. But Oh, th Drop Kick. Murphy's. th best. Kenny Casey's a buddy of mine. Chris Christofferson, right there. Yeah. He just passed away. Yeah He Just passed away. People love him. Yeah, Yeah, Rhode Scholar too. I, guess. know Smart was He. Really pretty smart guy. Yeah, Wow. And. and he drove Truck too. Well, I don't know if he drove. It's just for th movie. Maybe. Oh. See, there was probably a team, so I'm sure OUR Teamster was driving it back. and a day That was filmed in Mexico. Mexico, Yeah, I. Imagine nobody's driving it. You don't have anybody to flip off. If they go By, you Know, robots gonna give You th finger. What fucking fun is That Yeah. How You gonna do That? you know, it's crazy.


That's, that's th Las piece of America. We have to Yeah blow th air horn. Oh, Yeah, And If. you can't be a 6-year-old flipping off a trucker, dude. You know? Or like picking your nose, like And stuff like That, you know? That's crazy. what Is this country coming to where You can't even flip off a Fucking human? I. Drop Murphy of th best. Kenny Casey's awesome. Yeah Yeah. He's my guy. He is my guy. He's a good friend. Very, very active, and a sober community as well. Oh is he, which Yeah, which Is Kenny. Casey I can have to learn more about him. Yeah, He's, he is awesome. you know, he's a character too. He is absolutely hilarious. Cartoon character, you know, but, but very, very committed to sobriety, very committed to working people, working class guy He loves unions.


Real good friend. Wow. I'm gonna have to tap in with him. I'll, I'll have to send him a DM or something. Yeah. I Can, I can hook You Guys up. Yeah, it'd be cool. Absolutely Yeah. People loved him from up there. That's definitely I mean. People get married to their music. And buried to it. Coming up to Boston. Shipping up to Boston. That was, and a departed. Yeah. You were in It. No, No, No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. That was in It. Not th song was In It. Yeah, Oh. th music. Yeah Yeah. Dude. I'm a Boston Bruins fan, dude. Are We gonna sign That Goalie or what? Huh? We're gonna sign th Goalie or what? Oh Rat Lit. No. Who is No Sway? Oh I. Don't know. Not That. Big of a fan. He's a, he's in a big contract fight right now. He is Oh Yeah Public too. Cam Neeley. Jeremy Sway.


There he is. Yep. Yep. Yeah fucking signed him, dude. Is he unionized? They are. Marty Walsh is representing him, right? Former Secretary of Laborer. He's th head of th National Hockey Plays Association. I love their coach, man. Oh Yeah. He's good. Well, my, my friends, their assistant coach, Joe Sacko. Oh, Yeah, guy's, th best We all grew up together. Yeah family, best friends. Joe's th Best Oh. That's cool, dude, Right there. There He is Yeah. Monty's th best dude. Yeah. Joe Sacko. That's cool. Monte's just a fucking Monte's hilarious too. So, Where I grew up, We had about four or five guys make th NH L one on my street. Keith Uck, his two sons play, and a league. C. T C. A C. Yeah. They're call th th Rat or No No.


No No. That's Th brother No. So, th father was my age. Chuck We grew up and a same street. And. th he's got two sons. That are, and th NH L right now. Brady And. Matthew. Matthew just won. There's Keith right there. Matthew just won. Right? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Keith. Keith. What's Matthew's nickname? Oh. I. Don't know. They call Keith Big Walt Oh. They do Yeah Me, And him. Went to a U F C fight not too long ago with Brien. We went with Dana White. It was hilarious, Dude. I was gonna say, 'cause You kind of look like Dana White dude. Yeah. Dana's a good man. Yeah. Dana's th best, But Oh. That's him. That's th guy. They call him th Rat something, right? Yeah. What's his nickname? Matthew Yeah. That kid is hilarious. So, th mother's a longshoreman.


Keith Yeah, they call him th Rat King dude. Yeah. We'll fucking see about That. So, Keith's mother is a longshoreman. And. She's on strike. I was with th sister yesterday on th picket line. She's a longshoreman as well. And th father, Keith's father. Their grandfather just retired. Retired a few years ago. Boston Fire Department, And, great family. Wow th and th Ka Kach. Kach Yeah. They're definitely, look, I'm not saying they're, they're using extra letters, sir. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. I'm not trying to snitch or nothing like That Oh, Yeah Yeah, you know? So It is what It is. got You got fill th back of That jersey, though. you know, Hey also in Boston. Fucking, who knows how to spell anything? Yeah. Yeah. We. you know what can saying lucky To anybody?


Listen, We, have a We have a rule in Boston. If it's any more th three claps as a word You. Don't use It. I. Ask what you're saying. Yeah. Three syllables. You mean three Claps. Yeah, you know, you got Sound it out. That's A nice rule. Yeah Yeah, dude. Wow, Sean I. Appreciate It so much, man. Yeah, thank You so much for your time, brother I, appreciate You, sir. Thank You. Really appreciate it. It was informative. And, anything else? That You. Think You need to share? I'm an Aries And. I like long walks and a park, my friend. Alright. Alright dude, look long as you're back in an hour. Absolutely. Alright, Now can just falling on th breeze. And. I. Feel I'm falling like these leaves.


I must be cornerstone Oh. But when I reach That ground, I'll share this piece of my I found. I can feel it. can.