
We have some upcoming tour Dates there in Colorado Springs. In Colorado. Casper, Wyoming, billings, Montana, And, Missoula, Montana, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio. Champaign, Illinois. Over there, And th fighting a line. I area, grand Rapids, Michigan. Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont. Texas. You can Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Uur And. Thank You so much for th support. Today's guest is a physician, And, an author. His works explore such topics like stress, trauma, addiction, developmental psychology, and more.


He has a new book called The, Myth of Normal Trauma Illness, And, healing in a Toxic Culture. I'm grateful Today to spend time with Dr. Gabor mate. I. Sit. And tell You.


I saw You interview with Donald Trump. Oh. You did. And I was actually quite struck. I I saw th segment on his brother's alcoholism. Yeah And. I found him unusually without Bombast. And almost tender. And. Very vulnerable. And. And. Just, just kind of humble. you know, Yeah, which is not how usually he comes across. Yeah. Yeah. I, Yeah. I was trying to just talk to him about something. That felt pretty normal. you know, Yeah. But He is also expressed interest in You. And. And. Your brother And.


Yeah. I thought It was sweet of him. Yeah. Yeah As sweet as He could be. Yeah. Yeah. you know, I. Think I. Well, look, when You read further in th book. I actually talk about him. Really? His childhood trauma. Yeah, Oh. You. Do him And. Hillary Clinton's both. Oh. Wow. I. Didn't know That. Yeah. Oh. That's cool. I'm looking forward to That. Yeah. Yeah. I. Just Yeah. It's like, especially like, just as a regular person in th world, You, kind of You. Wanna try to Get a feel for somebody? I. I. Use a poster boy for trauma. Yeah, in my view, Yeah I. I. Wouldn't, I wouldn't be surprised if they have a lot, if there's a lot of it there. I mean his brother had addiction. And like And. And. Even him I. Think trying to learn about addiction. I. Wish I could I wish I would've stayed in That conversation a little bit more with Donald And.


Tr And tried to share some thoughts. And things. That I had, not thoughts, but a little bit more explanation about addiction. From my own perspective. Yeah, You know, Yeah, Wow That would've been an interesting conversation. Yeah, just to let him know. That, it wasn't something his brother wa like, It wasn't like his brother just couldn't stop drinking. You, you know, No, That. He had other things inside of him. That prevented him from doing That. Exactly. Yeah, And, I. Really wish That if I could go back. But th one of th things that's been tough for me is just You get into certain conversations. And. I'm still learning how to be in conversations. Sometimes Yeah. So sometimes it's, you know, you're learning, you know, you're learning. th Oh that's on th stove. We're always learning Yeah Yeah.


We're always learning Gabor. That's how You say It. Gabor. Gabor Yeah. Theo. Nice to meet You Today. Mr. Mate, And Thanks for coming. Thank You. My Pleasure. Yep. And, thanks for sharing this book, man. This is your book, The Myth of Normal trauma illness, And, healing in a toxic Culture. Yeah You. Believe That We are kind of a sick culture. what makes You believe That? Well, Or like, what proof do You have of That? Well, so 70% of American adults are at least on one medication. 70%. 40% are on two medications or more.


th number of children being diagnosed with all manner of dysfunctions disorders. Mental health challenges like a DHD, self cutting, addictions, anxiety, depression, childhood suicide is, is keeps going up in th United States annually. Twice as many people die of overdoses as died in th Iraq, Vietnam, And, Afghan Wars put together. This is every year Wow. th life expectancy, particularly of white man has gone down due to suicide. And, And, drug overdoses.


I mean I could go th number of autoimmune Yeah I could go on on it forever. But just statistically, there's more and more evidence of illness. And dysfunction, Yeah, Yeah. I mean, th th overdose And alone is unbelievable. you know, th fact, That, that's That. That's even just become a common thing in OUR society is Yeah. It's heartbreaking for so many And. It's heartbreaking for so many And, so many people's families just th residual effect of suicide or overdose. It's like We. Don't even think about those numbers. Don't even take into th ripple effect of, of people losing a loved one. you know, Absolutely. I mean, th families That are being devastated. And I mean I used to work with what is North America's most concentrated area of drug use in th Vancouver, British Columbia.


And, you know, You were there a month ago. Yeah We went down on Catchings is That, right? th street. Hastings. Hastings Yeah We went down on Hastings just to take a drive. And, see? Well, so that's where I used to work. Wow For, for 12 years as A physician And E, everybody down there was severely traumatizing childhood And. Their addictions were all a response to immense emotional pain. That didn't know how else to handle, not to mention th racial aspect. Like 30% of my clients were indigenous. Whereas th only make up 5% of th Canadian population. Wow. So, so th more You suffer either socially or, or individually.


th more likely You are to escape in th soothing And th relief That, That drugs or other addictions offer. So, If, you look at American society, You are got be asking, why are so many people having to escape from reality? Yeah. And. We're gonna get into good stuff. I. Have a good plan. Today can, I'm prepared. Yeah some stuff. I. I have some questions. That, I even wrote down. That are on cards, just 'cause Sure. I. Wanna make sure That We Get th best information That We can for our guest, Today I think it's really important. One of th things That You talk about in th book that's causing a lot of sicknesses trauma. Yeah, And, th more specifically unprocessed trauma. Yeah. Help me define those a little bit for OUR audience.


Sure. So, trauma is one of these words, That. Everybody throws around Yeah. It's a buzz word, Yeah. So let's just define it. So, trauma literally comes from th Greek word for wound or wounding. So, trauma is a wound, whether it's a physical wound or a psychological wound. In this case, we're talking about emotional wounds. That haven't healed. So trauma is an unhealed wound. That You sustain in childhood, but th It stays with You And. It directly causes inflammation in th body. It affects how your genes function or your chromosomes function. It stresses your organs. It creates all kinds of physiological problems on emotional level, it instills a lot of pain in You, That, You try to escape from And.


One of th ways You try to escape, for example, is through drug use or, or through other kinds of addictions, or through self cutting or bulimia or, or any, you know, pornography or whatever. It also makes You suppress disconnects, You from your own emotions, because is That when a child is being traumatized, too painful to connect to themselves. So they disconnect. And, That disconnect. th causes all kinds of problems in terms of illness, mental, And, physical. So th impacts of trauma are vast And quite under recognized Indeed. And And You talk about trauma also as not being seen. And known Yeah.


So here You have We have to understand And, what are th needs of th human child? So everybody understands That. th child needs to be physically cared for, cleaned up, fed, And, sheltered, And. So on children according to evolution. Also, th emotional needs. That they're born with. One of them is being just accepted. And, valued for exactly who they are. And being seen, rather th being forced to be something That. th parents want them to be Yeah, And. A lot of parents in this society, not 'cause they don't love their kids, but 'cause they're so stressed, have just a hard time seeing their kids. I had trouble seeing my kids.


Wow. And That had an impact on them. And not 'cause I wasn't devoted because I didn't love them. Just 'cause because of my own trauma. I couldn't even see myself. Oh, man. I can relate so much to what I I can relate so much to That Yeah. It's like, it's funny 'cause I I work as a comedian. And for y like I grew up in a kind of a traumatic home. Like my, my mom was very busy. We had she had four children. And Yeah. I feel like she never looked at me. I feel like she never kind of put her hands on me. I feel like she just And. She didn't know how I guess you know. It's okay. Yeah I just always felt like I wasn't seen.


And. How Did you And. How do You suppose That affected You? Well, I I ended up being, becoming a comedian. I. I felt like I started. I had to find some way to be seen. I had to do something, you know, to Get someone to see me. 'cause I needed to survive. you know, I needed to feel alive. you know, you know, It's funny about comedians. May I say something about them. Yeah I I looked at th back of a number of comedians. what you're talking about is like a common theme. I looked at Robin Williams, who was this brilliant, brilliant Yeah comic And. One of th reasons to developed his humor was to make his mother laugh as a way of having his mother pay attention to him. Gilda Radner, who died of ovarian cancer.


th same thing. Wow. So That, they had th innate talent. But th they used That talent to be seen And valued where they should have been valued with or without talent. No matter what? Yeah. Yeah. It's funny, a few years ago, I thought, it's like, I'm kind of a late bloomer. like, I only realized That like I, I go to recovery meetings, And stuff like That. I'm in aa, Yeah, Yeah, And I. Only realized a few years ago, It started to hit me. Like, did I even wanna be a comedian? Huh? Or did I just at some early point, develop having to Get attention Yeah?


Because I need, you know, And. th So, if that's th case, th who did I really want to? what? you know, who would, what would I have been Yeah if I didn't do That? And? Not saying That. Not saying That. I'm not grateful. And, I don't love being a comedian. Yeah. It's been a, it's been a blessing. But, but it's like, if I created That, Yeah, okay. I have to be this thing to Yeah for You to see me. th who created That? you know, like, who, like, was there a different me? That was supposed to be there, but th I created this new Me. Well, that's th that's th dilemma for so many of us is That. As a result of childhood wounding, We have to make ourselves into something.


That th world will accept And value. Like, look, in my case, I love having been a physician. And, that's my calling. But th big part of it wasn't just That. I wanted to help humanity or heal people. It's also needed to be important. Now, why do they need to be important? 'cause as an infant, I got th message. That I wasn't Yeah And And. So now th And That creates a kind of an addiction. 'cause You have to keep proving to yourself how important You are. And how valuable You are. But nobody should have to prove of valuable. They are. That's just OUR birthright. That We exist. We have th right to be here. Yeah That. God chose us. Or That th energies. th world chose us.


And. Exactly. And said. I'm gonna put You here like a, with a fine pen. I'm gonna put You in th world. Yeah And And I did It on purpose. And And th world It was built to take care of You. Exactly. And to nurture You And to make You feel welcome. As You are And. If And If, you actually look at And. This has been studied quite extensively. How I th indigenous people or tribal people as close to th land rear their kids. That's exactly how they rear their kids. Like, th th they, they give their children a deep sense of acceptance. They hold them. They carry them everywhere. Oh, Yeah, all th paintings, You, see, of a Native Americans, they all, somebody's got a kid on 'em. Yeah. They, they got 'em in th kn sack.


They got 'em wrapped. They Got 'em. And. They tend not to hit their kids. Yeah. you know, Yeah You never seen a movie about a Native American beaten his children. I. Don't think Yeah Yeah. So, I mean. So what you're describing is actually how We evolved. And, part of th toxicity in my view of OUR culture, is we've gone, so we've gone so far away from OUR nature when it comes to how We rear children. And can, not because of lack of parental devotion, but because of so much parental stress. Yeah, Oh, Yeah, I. Think That was it My mom couldn't see us. 'cause she had other things. She had to see first Yeah, And, you know, And, Yeah, And And. Not just me, but so many people. It's like Yeah. We've created a society, or OUR society has created a way of life where now it's like, bo both parents work in so many cases.


So Yeah, And, That alone just feels like it just shouldn't be That way. It's like, well, If, you look at throughout evolution through millions of years, And, hundreds of thousands of years, A human evolution. Children were always with their parents. That's th nature designed it, Yeah. Now, if that's not possible in today's society, at least th We have to compensate for it. But we've forgotten That shouldn't need That Yeah. So now, when they send th daycares, And schools, it's all about behavior. And. It's all about fitting in, not about accepting th child, And nurturing, th child innate sense of who they are.


So, We all end up disconnected from ourselves. Yeah, And, th We, Get to a certain stage in life. We're wondering whose life am I leading Anyway, Yeah, Wow, Yeah, And. It's funny. You say, like, fitting in. It's like Yeah. Like, where you're like, your child's not fitting in because th p th it's two puzzle pieces. Or th parents, you know, Yeah or th family. That's And. Not to say it's shouldn't be able to spend time with other children. And, And be in And, That. th That OUR schools are bad or anything, but it's th fact That, they need to fit in there first. And th I think it's probably easier for children to fit in in other places in th world. But that's, but th fitting in happens naturally When you're right.


When you're accepted, you know, listen, th schools, I'll tell You something. One of th I'm talking science here. One of th essential needs of all mammals is play in OUR brain. There's circuitry for play. You can see it. Dolphins play. Little elephants play bear cubs, lion cubs, puppies, kittens. They all play. Why play is essential for brain development. It's far more important. th academic learning. So, th th schools, there ought to be a lot more play, a lot more freedom for th kids to be themselves. A lot more freedom to move around. And. th those kids will be naturally curious. And interested in learning.


But here, We, try to put th cart before th horse. Ah, We try And stuff them full of knowledge, skills, And behavior or control, rather th can, promoting th conditions for healthy brand development. So, th schools actually, they intend well, but they really don't Get it. Yeah when it comes to what do children actually need? Well, I think it's just an o And. That's just part of, it's like OUR whole society is, it's, you know, I wonder sometimes where We did We go completely off th rails in a direction? Hmm. And, And, or a series of directions. you know, That have kind of put us where We are I wanna Get this statement, right, right here?


Sure. Why is a trauma event different from other stressful events? Like, what makes it a trauma? Like, some events could be traumatic for some people. Yeah, And, th same event, not traumatic for others. what exactly is it about th mind, body, soul That makes th event traumatic. Or like, what is th mechanism? Right? great question. So, every traumatic event is stressful, but not every stressful event is traumatic. So, Hmm, You, invite me on your show. And. For some reason, I don't show up. And, You have this studio arranged. That might stress You, but it doesn't traumatize You, right?


It doesn't leave You with a permanent wound. So it's traumatic if it leaves You with a wound. And. If That wound leaves You more constricted and more afraid and more suspicious, And, less comfortable with yourself, more hostile to other people, less comfortable in th world. th it's traumatic. Not That. th stressful event will have That effect. But if it does, th it's traumatic. If it makes a wound, If it makes a wound, that's what makes it traumatic. Yeah. 'cause th wound is sensitive. Even If, you think of a wound Yeah And, if it's not healed properly, Yeah th it's always a problem. Well, there's two Yeah, And, And, And, And. There's two ways, ways a wound can show up.


One is just an open wound. And If, you touch It Oh. So I have certain emotional wounds. And well into my seventies, or even I'm 80 now, you know, same. My husband, Oh You look great. Well, thanks. It's all th Botox Yeah, And, th adrenal No. It's And. In my, in my 55-year-old marriage with my wife, she might say something or react in some way. That touches an old wound. And. All of a sudden, I'm not this 80-year-old guy. I'm this 1-year-old kid responding, you know? 'cause That wound is sort of, I'm not giving an excuse here, No.


I'm just saying That. That's th challenge, you know? So, so in one sense, That, a wound is a trauma is an open wound. That, You, touch it. Oh. That's th one thing. But th th other thing That happens to wounds is they scar over. Now scar tissue is thick. It's hard. It doesn't grow. It has No nerve ending. So it's insensitive. Hmm. So, We Get, hardened And. Whilst You Can either Get extremely sensitive or very hardened, or both. Or both, depending on, you know, And. When You talk about hardened criminals, guess what hardened them is That. They were so wounded. And, childhood can, I'm not making excuses, I'm just telling You what th sign shows.


Yeah And. So, th th question is, th How do We treat each other in a society where so many of us carry wounds? Let's talk a little bit about unprocessed trauma. So, You talk about emotional isolation. Yeah as being something That really negatively nurtures unprocessed trauma. So, once you're hurt as a child, You tend not to trust other people. So, You could be in th middle of a crowd, And, be laughing, And interacting, but still feel quite alone emotionally. Maybe, you've had That feeling Oh, Yeah, you know, And That emotional isolation itself.


th has effects on your body, And on your mind. So th people who are lonely, And, And, And th th us surgeon General Dr Admiral Vivek Murthy, just issued a paper on loneliness in th United States. And, loneliness, And, there's an epidemic of loneliness. People are describing us as lonely in much higher numbers as they did 20, 40 years ago. th loneliness is as much of a risk factor for physiological illness as smoking 15 cigarettes a day. Really? Yeah. So loneliness is both a manifestation of trauma. And a cause of tremendous stress, which th undermines physiological And mental health.


Okay, say That to me one more time. So, So loneliness is both an outcome of trauma. So it's an outcome of trauma. So, something traumatic happened, it wasn't processed properly. And th now, You, You will feel lonely. You will feel Lonely. You'll isolate. Because look, if I am always being a nice guy, so That, you'll like me, but inside I'm feeling all these emotions. That. I'm not sharing with You. That's pretty lonely. Even though You might like me. 'cause I'm showing You this nice side on myself, Right? That's not really me. That's Not me. That was a study done in Australia, Wow, where at least th I used to work in palliative care as a doctor looking after dying people in Australia, there was a palliative care nurse who wrote a book called th Top Five Regrets of Dying People.


These were people That were dying before That time, like I used to look after of cancer or chronic neurological illness. you know what th top regret of dying people was That. They didn't have th courage to be themselves. And, And, And. th and th third top regret was That. They didn't have th courage to express their emotions. They pretended to be happy when they were not And. So on. So, th question for th rest of us is, do We wanna wait till some permanent illness wakes us up? Or should We just confront th fact? That, in so many ways, we're afraid to be authentic. 'cause we're so afraid of being rejected. Mm. And, as children, We didn't have much choice.


As adults can be developed without freedom to be ourselves. Wow, Yeah. It's like Yeah. It's, it's amazing. th what your feelings or your heart or your mind will like, want You to do sometimes. But th this other smoke comes in this Yeah. That feels stronger. Yeah sometimes And. It, it clouds, it almost clouds. th That feeling away. Yeah, you know, well, It Does. Yeah And, And, And am I interrupting. Sorry, No. I. I. Just wanted to You said That in th book, That If, you have a trauma. That You can't process You, essentially have th trauma of unprocessed trauma.


Yeah. So now you've had a trauma that's happened. Yeah, And, th If. you can't process it. Now, You have almost a new trauma of, of unprocessed trauma. Well, that's th they have th un ongoing wound, which is what trauma means. Now, look, let's take an extreme example. Okay? Let's say a child is being sexually abused. So what would, what would their instincts tell them to do? Well, their instincts would say, fight back, or run away, or ask for help, for God's sakes. But By, th By definition, none of those options are available to th child.


So, th only way they can survive is th disconnect from themselves. Mm. And That disconnection. That gets wired into th nervous system, into th brain And, every time they even think of being themselves, as You just described, they Get scared, because being themselves was because they had, they fought back. Had they tried to escape, it would've even worse for them. So, That disconnection from th self was th only way they survived. Survive. Now, every time as an adult, even think of being authentic, That, fear comes up. And, It may not even come up for them, like in their way, awake mind.


It's almost like it comes up at a level where You don't even realize, like That something's pulling th strings in th distance. That's what's pretty remarkable. Well, pulling th strings is exactly th right analogy. There's a new biologist, neuroscientist, quite well known at Stanford University, Robert Sapolsky, who wrote a book recently called Determined By, which He means predetermined. He basically says there No such thing as free will, because we're so conditioned. By, OUR biology, OUR culture, And OUR, early experiences, And, he's almost right. 'cause what he's talking about is, as You say, we're pulled By, these invisible strings of OUR, unconscious That were programmed into us even before We were born.


Even in th mother's wombs. And. So, it's just a life I. Find it personally a lifetimes challenge to cut th strings And, to actually be in th present moment as an adult person connected to myself. Lemme tell You, it's a lifelong work. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, No I, I I. Feel You. It's funny, like I didn't even know That I. I didn't know. That might sound crazy. I didn't even I existed. And, I, ev everything was fine in my life. But Yeah I I was having trouble, like building relationships. There were just things That. I didn't have any real tools to, to make my life evolve.


And. So I started to think, well, what is going on here? And, th you know, with a lot of therapy, And, different modalities at therapy. I went more into like my past. And. I started to see like Oh I see Yeah. It's because of these, you know, these things, That have happened. And, th I never processed them. That. Some of them are still pulling me back. you know, some of those them are still holding me. And, And, And, until You did process them. what freedom Did you actually have, right? You can be like, like puppets on th string. Oh, And, And, Yeah, And, And, And. I was a almost a figment of, it's funny people say, a figment of of your imagination. That's almost what I was. Sometimes Yeah, I felt like I was something That my mind, or That my soul, or whatever had created hmm, to best face Persona.


Yes, Did. you ever read Pinocchio as a kid? Oh, Yeah, Jato, dude, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Now do You. Remember what, when Pooka becomes a real boy, and he looks at his puppet self, and he says, I was so foolish when I was a puppet. Right? But we're also foolish when we're puppets. We are not stupid, right? But we're unaware. Yeah, you know,


Yeah unaware, man, I've been taking this all weekend when I'm touring on th road. And in And outta buses, And airports, And stuff. I Get dehydrated. That's why I use Liquid. IV. You can just Get some water. And You Crack. Open a packet, put it in there. Bam, hydrate yourself. There's so much to love about Liquid IVs, new hydration multiplier, And immune support, mango passion, fruit flavor, with five times th daily value of vitamin C. And three times th electrolytes of th leading sports drink. You can give your body th immune support it needs while treating yourself to a taste of th tropics. Support everyday wellness with Liquid IV I. Do Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV. When You, go to Liquid IV dot com. And Use code Theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order. When You shop Better Hydration Today using promo code Theo at Liquid IV dot com.


Every device We use is Get smarter. Your watch can now tell th time, but also tell You how many steps you've taken. th world keeps Get smarter. Your e-commerce business should too. Whether you're looking for incredible efficiency, or your business has outgrown your old shipping solutions, ShipStation helps You take th next step. ShipStation helps You achieve exceptional shipping efficiency with a robust all-in-One order fulfillment system, That integrates with over 100 And, 80 of th most popular e-commerce platforms. Marketplaces, And carriers deliver a better customer service with industry leading features. That help You find th best carrier rates. Print labels, And, make customer service a breeze. Lead your e-commerce business into a smarter future with th shipping software. That delivers. Switch to ShipStation. Today. Go to ShipStation dot com. And. Use code Theo to sign up for your free 60 day trial. That's ShipStation dot com code Theo.


Let's personalize this a little bit. So, what was th trauma in your life? That started You on this journey. Well, what started me on th journey was well into adulthood. I, for a long time, I didn't realize I was traumatized, just like You didn't. I just was a puppet on th string. In some ways, you know, And, I was successful. I was a well respected family doctor. But I was unhappy. I felt I had potential. That. I hadn't even nearly touched And. I had No idea how to Get there. My marriage had difficulties. A lot of tension.


My children were facing their challenges. And in some ways, they were even afraid of me. you know, And Like afraid of your energy. Afraid of like, Afraid of my son. Outbursts of, of, of uncontrolled I don't mean physical violence. Yeah, I mean just outbursts of, of, of, of rage. you know, Anger, Yeah, you know, I can relate to That And. My son Daniel, who helped me write The, Myth of Normal, he says in th book, That, he th floor was never th floor. He never knew when th floor might disappear. In other words, when th loving And, And, devoted And, playful parents might all of a sudden erupt in one of dramas.


And th kids are there watching this hurricane sweep through th house. Emotionally speaking. Well, That doesn't create a basis of trust or, or security And. It's not because We didn't love OUR kids. It's right. It's not because We didn't do OUR best, you know? So, looking at all That, at some point, I had to start asking, like, You had to start asking, well, what's going on here? And? That's when I started looking at what happened to me as a kid. What were You like as a kid? What was I like? Yeah. I was very smart. Oh, Yeah, I've heard You say, I've heard You refer to yourself as smart child. Yeah. You, like to rebel. I. I was a rebel Yeah in, in communist Hungary.


You really had to follow th rules. And th teacher, at some point, sent a warning to my parents saying, That, he better watch it. 'cause He agitates his classmates, Yeah I loved Get. Those, you Know, I, I was very, I was very thoughtful. I wet my bed till I was 13. Dude, I wet my bed. I think till I was 26. Oh. Wow, okay, And That does go back to childhood trauma, early childhood trauma. Yeah. When I was 8-year-old, my mother took me to a psychologist. And psychologist took my history, you know, Jewish infant, born under th Nazis, or living my first year under th Nazi occupation, And.


God, all th horrors, And. th th separation from my mother for six weeks. And, she said. He said to th my mom, Madam, if th only problem this kid has is That, he reads his bed. You're very fortunate. Well, I can tell You, that's not th only problem. That I had. So, on th one hand, That was highly functioning And. But on th other hand, I had all this unseen stuff. That erupted later on. Yeah. It's funny, You don't even know it's there, especially when you're a kid. You don't know. You don't You don't know. Yeah. You don't know You, don't know That. It's there. And. th later. You have to, it's almost like a fire. That starts when you're young.


But You don't. S th smoke doesn't show up. That's right. I mean for me, it wasn't until my thirties, And I was like, where th is all this smoke coming from? That's exactly right. That's what happened to me. And th I had to go back. And, look at it. Yeah. It's like Yeah unprocessed trauma. It's like Yeah. It's like a fi like imagine starting a fire, but No smoke comes out of it. Yeah, that's unprocessed trauma. Well, Th Does That make sense? Or it doesn't No It makes total sense. Because what happens is, like when You said earlier, You were fine. th heck, You were fine. You thought You were fine. Right? And, And. That's because We pushed down all th rage. That. We never expressed as kids. We pushed on th pain. We pushed on th isolation.


We, pretend. and we can function in th world We ways. That th world can Get in th respect And reward at this I mean, look at, we're talking here in Hollywood. Look at all th figures here. That were great successes, idols to millions And. They had these miserable in OUR lives. I mean You. You can list a hundred of them. Yeah, you Know, I got 50 of 'em in my phone. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It's I mean. It's And. It's Yeah. It's funny, That, if things, if, if, if it's not th foundation isn't there, th you'll go find it in th world. Yeah, right? Yeah, And, And. Sometimes what You go find, even though you're just trying to replicate what You didn't Get when You were young.


Well, that's Right. can be detrimental to You, Which is why people get into unhealthy relationships. Because where did We most want? Love When We were kids, when We most wanted to be seen? By, whom? By, th people That couldn't do It. Therefore, We will repeatedly look for people who can't see us And, hoping That this time. They will, they will. you know, And, Yeah, it's so funny. I have this, I have this thing. That came into my head, like, I could jump off of a cliff, right? Yeah. But if I heard a mom come home from work back on th top of That Cliff, mm.


I would find a way to Get. Or if I heard like Hi heels, if I heard a woman's footsteps, mm, I'd find a way to Get back up there. And, And And. Look towards her. Because you're looking, looking for th mom, Because I'm just Yeah. It's like, It may sound crazy, but Yeah just like Yeah. It's like, if I can't help. But look, I can't help, but wonder does is That woman accept me? you know, even with dating And all my relationships, I, see it now. It's like, you know, I'm always kind of, I'm al even, even in just any relationship. I'm just, or any moment, I'm just looking. Do You accept me? I can feel this. Do You accept me? Yeah, you know, And And, unfortunately, it really gets in th way of male female relationships, Oh Yeah, because a lot of us I mean, myself included in my relationship with my spouse.


In some ways, I just wanted to be mothered. you know, not just loved as an adult, but actually mothered on th one hand, on th other hand, I would resent it. you know? Because I don't wanna be controlled, right? you know? So it puts th woman into an impossible Situation. Yeah, you know, Oh, Yeah, I would never date me. Yeah, Oh Jeep or Yeah I Wouldn't even now I. It's Get better, but it's still We. Still we're, it's Get. Better Yeah. you know, Yeah, Yeah, those relationships are tough. you know, Yeah, I, I, Yeah, I have trouble committing in a relationship. you know, I did a Iowa I did I, We did some Ayahuasca ceremonies. People do plant medicine.


Well, Hey You haven't read th chapter yet on Ayahuasca. There's One in here. Oh. Yeah. Fuck Yeah. David Chapter I. Think it's Chapter 31. So, You had experience with It. I used to lead retreats with it. No Way, Bro. Yeah And, Dude. That. what? What were, what? what, what were You gonna say's, teasing. Dude. what were You gonna say about it? I was gonna say, That. When I, when I did a plant medicine retreat, That I realized one of th reasons why I've had trouble Get relationships is 'cause I'm still waiting for this original relationship. th perfect mom. Yep, And. It's No blame. It's not a blame on my mom. I. I. Don't I don't do I. I I. Don't do That anymore. I, I, I, I, I lament some of th feelings from my youth. But I, don't you know I love my mother, And.


I'm grateful. That. She did th best That. She could And I. Believe. That. She did. But Yeah, I realize, like, I can't. There's just a part of me, That, That. It's just still like, I feel like it's like a kid, like standing on a dock. Yeah, like waiting for a boat to come. That's how I envision a lot of times. But, so there's a deep longing. Yeah. I. Totally understand. That, Yeah, And. th You try to Get someone else to fill it. And. They don't even know what to do. And, You, Did, tour And. For years, I didn't even know I was trying to Get somebody to fill It. It just, nothing. I couldn't figure it out. There was That emptiness. Oh. It was wild, man. And. My life was still okay, but just below, right below th surface level of my life, Yeah, there was, it was a precarious foundation.


I, totally understand I I found out about Ayahuasca after my book on addiction got got published in 2000, And nine. It's called In th Realm of Hunger Ghost And. It's about how addiction is not a genetic disease. It's a response to trauma. Mm. As it affects th brain. And, And, And, And, th psyche. But after I published That book, I I Go And book tour And. People got asking me, what do you know about addiction? And, its healing with ayahuasca. I said, you know nothing about It. Next visit. Next, next stop. what do you know about it? I said, leave me alone already. I mean You just spent three years writing th book. And You asked me about th one thing.


I don't know anything about And. th finally said, somebody said, you know, You could experience this up here in Vancouver, 'cause it th Peruvian shaman who came up there. So, I did th I car. And I experienced pure love. For th first time in my life, there's a little baby in th tent whose father had done th plant. And. th mother was there with th baby. And. th baby started Coing And, oohing And. Knowing And, these tears of love just flowed down my face. Wow And, my heart just opened. And I realized how close my heart had been, because it was so bruised, so early. That I closed it down. Not That.


I deliberately closed it down, right? But as, as a way of protecting it, And That right away said, okay, I can, I can work with this to help people who are addicted. Now, I'm not here to advocate it's use. It's not for everybody. It's certainly not a panacea. you know, psychedelics is a whole other conversation. Yeah, same. I'm not saying anybody, should They have their place. They're not th answer And Yeah. They're certainly not for everybody. But in th right context, with th right guidance, th right preparation, they can really help people open up to parts of themselves.


That, they weren't even aware. That. They were there. Yeah. You know, Oh, Yeah I mean, it's fascinating. And, I Hope. That That. th knowledge of That evolves over time. you know, Yeah. But That can also be scary. 'cause some people go, And, Get, addicted to That. I've seen That happen with people. And. I've seen it too. Because what people Get addicted to is not so much th substances. 'cause th I, No, nobody's gonna Get addicted to what? What's going Yeah? It's Nasty. You can't just have some at th club. Yeah, Yeah. But what they Get addicted to is th heightened experience. And. If they don't know how to integrate what they've learned into their lives, th they keep looking for That elevated experience. That takes them out of th ordinary self. Yeah, And.


So, I, really think That, that's one of th risks of, of psychedelic use, is That. You. Start looking for That. Elevated, heightened, or deepened experience that's missing from your life. Where th whole thing is, th th experience can open th door, right? But You got, walk through it. Yeah, And, You have to keep walking through It. Not when you're under th influence of th medicine. Right? Th integration And, th integration Yeah. It's so key. Yeah, Yeah. We've lost. That's a huge part of OUR society. That's kind of now We just kind of Get a piece of information. And th we're like, Oh. We have th information. But Yeah We don't take as much time to, to integrate something into OUR life. Like, that's one thing I've noticed for myself.


Anyway, I I don't wanna pin on everybody, but I'll notice That sometimes I'll learn something, or I'll learn a fact, or I'll learn like a way That. I've Oh, you know, this about me now, or Yeah. This is something I've learned. But unless I integrate th solution to That or th th information from That, th positive information, instead of just shouting it out, That, you know, it actually integrating it. And taking time to integrate it. you know, even taking time, like If, you go to a church sermon, or a, or a mosque sermon, or Yeah Synagogue, Synagogue, sermon, Yeah Jewish church. That's what I was. Think, know, synagogue sermon. But to And, You can hear a message, right? But th You can just go on about your day.


But Yeah taking time to integrate a message in your life. Well, what did I hear? How does It make me feel? That's right. what do I think about it? That's right. I. I. Think We used to have a lot more time to do That, just because OUR society wasn't so, OUR. Lives weren't so frenetic. Well, I think we're addicted. And, particularly I, think th United States is addicted to th quick fix. Yeah. you know, Yeah That, Earl shy Yeah. Th paint, th th spray painted it. Yeah Yeah, right? Have You struggled with addiction before? Have I struggled with addiction? You know, You struggled with work addiction. I think You talked about I. I had, I've had two major addictions. One is work.


Holism. And. can I have to make a distinction here? I mean I did good work. And I did work. That had meaning. And made a contribution. That's good. That's th calling. But th there's another part of it, which is being driven. I mean you're being driven. You're not in charge. You like leave being driven. By, th wind, And I was driven to work. 'cause I have to keep proving my importance. And, That, That. People should like me. People should respect me. And. Why? 'cause I didn't respect myself. And, because I I got this message early in life. That I just wasn't important. you know, And, I believe That.


th trauma is not, for example, th trauma is not, for example, That, my mother gave me to a stranger when I was 11 months old to save my life. That wasn't th trauma. That was th traumatic event. Trauma is what happens inside You. th trauma inside me was That. I concluded from That. That. I wasn't lovable. I wasn't important. Now, That drives th work addiction, right? Because You have to keep proving to yourself. th other addiction. I had And. People often laugh And, how can call That an addiction. But really, it was, was shopping for classical compact discs. CDs. CDs. Hell Yeah. But, but I could drop three, $4,000 a day on them. Gosh, you know, And, I would, You Can't even smoke 'em.


I, And, And, You can No, You can't smoke them. No, And, And, No sooner know, would I leave th store? But I have to run back to Get some more. So it wasn't about th having in th enjoying I loved th music. But It wasn't about That. It was about Get. more and more and more. And never enough. And. So I would lie to my wife about it. I would sometimes neglect my work. I mean I. Don't think I mentioned this in this book, but in my book of addiction, I, talk about how I left a woman in labor once to go Get a contact. This Wow. What album was It? That. I don't remember anymore. you know, I think it was a morr symphony. But I I don't remember more. But, so I'm m talking about, I'm not talking about classic my passion. Classic. I'm not talking about my passion for music.


I'm m talking about my drivenness. And. Sometimes people say, well, how can You compare your addictions to your heroin addicted, cocaine? Addicted? H I, V ridden clients. And, I said I. Don't. I said, th differences are obvious. It's th similar areas. That are interesting. And, when I told my patients in th downtown east side who were using th heroin, And, you know, And, And, th cocaine, And, whatever, That, you know, I got these th These boys to men albums. Yeah, Yeah, And, And. They said, they never said, how can You compare yourself? you know what they said? Hey, Zocdoc, You. Just like th rest of us aren't You, And. th you know, And, And. My point is, We are all just like th rest of us, right?


We all find some chronic escape. Not all of us. Most people, whether it's drugs, pornography, sex, internet, cell phones, Gambling, there's so Many gambling, gambling, self cutting, eating, shopping, Running, working out. That's a huge one. Extreme working out. And, all That, And, we're running away from ourselves. Yeah, And, And. So And, when I ask people, not, what's wrong with your addiction? 'cause that's obvious, but what's right about it? Like, for example, I mean you've had alcohol, drug issues. I, I've heard You say, what did they do for You In th short term I. Think It just It gave me a break from how I wanted to feel.


It gave me a break from me. It gave You a break from how You felt. Yeah Yeah. It gave me a break from my feelings. Yeah, Yeah, And, It. It just gave me a break from me. I was just, But that's 'cause You were really uncomfortable with yourself. Yeah, And, And, And, because You had feelings. That were painful. So, my mantra, or an addiction, which I mentioned in this book, is don't ask why th addiction. Ask why th pain? Hmm. And, And, If. you understand why people have pain? Don't look at their genes. Look at their lives. Yeah, what happened to them? Yeah, Yeah, You say, or I've heard You in, in your book, You, talk about addiction. If, you recognize th harm. It's or I. Think it might have been in, in a interview. You did.


If, you recognize th harm it's doing. And, You keep doing It, Yeah. So, addiction is manifested in any behavior image. A person finds temporary relief or pleasure, And, therefore craves, but th suffers negative consequences. And, they don't give it up. Yeah. So pleasure craving relief in th short term harm in th long term refusal, And, inability to let go of it. That's what an addiction is. So, it's got nothing to do with drugs. Well, it could have to do with Drugs, could have to do with any of th things We already mentioned. But Any of th things, We mentioned And, but Why? th pain? That's th question. Th question is why th pain Yeah? what are We running away from? Right? Yeah. I had, like, once I saw, like pornography And stuff like That Yeah.


It was like And. I could do masturbation or jerking off, or whatever people call it. But once I That was th first way That, I realized Oh I can make myself feel good. Yeah And, it was like th first time That I, like Yeah I could make myself feel good. And. So th It just became Yeah. It became a way That I always I mean. I. I would just I I And I would, but Yeah I would just That. If th only way I knew how to make myself really feel good, even though it's just for a moment. Well, listen, shit. That I would take it. I Should I tell You something scientific about That Yeah. So, cocaine addicts, And, crystal meth addicts who any stimulant. Addicts, in fact, all addicts amongst th things they're looking for is ahead of dopamine.


Dopamine is th incentive motivation, chemical in OUR brain. It's what makes us feel vital. And alive, And, you know, ready to go. And. Without it, We can't survive. Now, cocaine, crystal meth, Without It, We can't survive. No. We Can't. That's inter that's cool to hear it. It's interesting. Oh, Yeah, Oh No, because dopamine flows in th brain. When we're exploring a novel object or a novel environment, when we're seeking food, when we're seeking a sexual partner, ah, We can't survive without That stuff. You, You, You. You can take a mo mouse in th laboratory. And put food, put food in front of him. And, he's hungry, but he won't eat.


Why? 'cause genetically You knocked out his dopamine receptors, and he doesn't have th motivation. Wow. So, it's th motivation chemical. It's absolutely essential. No, cocaine, caffeine, nicotine, crystal meth. They literally give You a, a direct hit of dopamine. So does pornography. Hmm. When You do a brain scans on people pornography, they Get repeated spikes of dopamine. It's not th pornography. They're addicted to it's That hit of dopamine, That. They Get in their brains. Wow And, all, all addictions shopping. A th I mean, when I went to th record store, it was th dopamine. like I've been diagnosed with a DHD is, th first book I wrote was on, was on a DD And, you know, spacing out absent mindedness, you know, all this kind of stuff.


Oh, Yeah, daydreaming. They used to Call it Day Did, tour. Yeah, Yeah And. But when I was in th record store, I was present. Wow I was focused. I can almost remember which records I bought at which store, at what time, you know, like Yeah, because th door point was flowing like crazy. And. That's why I needed to go back. It wasn't 'cause I needed more music. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, th trunk's, full I was, I was after That. I was hiding th discs on th porch. And in th attic. So my wife wouldn't call me God, you know, know. But, but I was after Th th ceiling caves in. It's just a bunch of Van Halen. Yeah. And I was after That dopamine. th Dopamine Wow, You know, which is what You are after with th pornography.


Yeah Yeah. It just was And. It was a way to make me feel good. And. It was th first way That I could interact with a woman where it felt like I could And, you know, it's not real interaction Yeah, but it was like, this is th safest, closest I can Get to interacting with a woman. And it being like, okay. 'cause I would, I would Get so nervous around women, or like, if women looked at me, I would like Yeah my whole bot. like I, just I couldn't handle It Yeah. But Yeah That dopamine is, it's interesting to hear. So Yeah, No matter what it is. It's th dopamine behind It. It's th dopamine No. th and And. There's another chemical that's involved in many addictions. Like, like th heroin addicts or th opiate addicts, th fentanyl addicts.


Those are opiates, right? Which come from th opium plant. Well, why do they work in th human brain? Why would an opium plant work in th human brain? 'cause We have receptors for them. We have molecules. That receives th opiate molecule. Now, why do We have receptors from a plant? That grows in Afghanistan. We, don't We have receptors for OUR own internal opiates? Ah, so We have an internal opiate system. And. th they're called endorphins. And endorphin means endogenous internal opiate. So Those are OUR OUR. Endorphins are OUR own. Opiates. Opiates. So We manufacture, OUR own opiates. Not only We do plants do animals do everybody. Now th question is, what do th opiates do in th human brain?


But they do a whole lot of things. But three, importantly, they relieve pain. Physical And, emotional pain. 'cause pain is necessary for life. Otherwise, I could smash my hand on this table. Yeah, You, jump out of a window. And, You, Yeah Yeah Wouldn't care. But, but I also have to some pain. And relief. That's th endorphins, number one. Number two, what they do is they give You a sense of pleasure. And reward. So, If, you go, people go bungee jumping. They Get this Hi level of endorphins. That's what they're after. Ah, And. Ah, that's why they keep doing wild stuff like That. That's right. and th th third thing is th most important th endorphins help to make possible this little thing called love.


And. If. you knock out th endorphin receptors of little mice in th laboratory. They will not cry for their mothers on separation. But what would That mean in th wild? It would mean their death Yeah. So endorphins connect people to each other, especially parents, And children And. So, So we're each other's opiates in a way. We're each other's opiates, especially in a healthy parent child relationship. And, they both have endorphins flowing in their brain when they're looking into each other's eyes. Yeah And. If when I ask heroin addicts or opiate addicts, And, the sex trade worker, I asked, what does th heroin do for You?


She said, when th first time I did heroin, it felt like a warm, soft hug. what was she talking about? Connection. Connection. Yeah, Yeah. And. In this book, I, talk about it. And. So many of th addicts, like one, a very, a well-known recovery leader. And, And And, you know, fearless advocate is Jamie Lee Curtis And And. She told me. Is She Sorry? She Is Oh Yeah. She's a big 12 stepper. I. Didn't know That. Oh No. She's a huge 12 stepper Oh. That's awesome. And awesome. can, very forthright about, about her addictions. And, also her recovery. And Wow. That's fascinating. I'd love to talk with her. Yeah. I've seen her eating lunch in th Palisades before Pacific Palisades before.


But, But she told me, That beautiful. what th opiates did for her. Give her a sense of warmth in th belly. Mm. That warmth is what we're all after. Yeah. That comes from human connection. And, when We didn't have th connections, We needed early in life. th We keep looking for That warmth from other sources. So these people, That, are addicted to opiates. That's what they're looking for. Bunch Of hug hunters. Yeah, I. Wanna go back a little bit to trauma? And. Isolation. Yeah, And. I wanted to ask, what is it about not being emotionally about not being emotionally isolated? That allows one to process a trauma. Yeah Yeah. So I did a a day long event here in la just th day before We were recording this.


And I worked with a woman called Kimberly Shannon Murphy, who was one of Hollywood's tops stunt women. She just got a lifetime achieve in th award as a summer. Nice. Congratulations. Kim And. She worked with Cameron Diaz, And, And, And, And, Uma Thurman, And, Tom Cruise, And, all these people, lot of hotties, No. She was sexually abused. By, her grandfather, Oh No, all throughout her childhood adolescence, And. Of course, th family was in denial. Nobody noticed It. If they noticed it, they kept silent about It. She was totally alone with it. So that's what induced th wound.


and he shouldn't be able to talk to somebody. And say, this is happening to me. Please help me. She would not have been traumatized. So th trauma happens when th child suffers. And has nobody to share That suffering with, whether it's th extreme suffering or sexual abuse, or th milder You might say suffering or just not being seen for where You are. If you're alone with It, You can process It. So what happens later on? To answer your question, when You meet somebody where You feel safe, And. Now You can express what's happening with You. That's what helps to process th trauma. Got it. So It it It it requires compassion.


And. Safety And. Ideally, I mean I. I criticize th 12 step groups, not for what they do. 'cause I love what they do for what they don't do. I don't think they talk about trauma enough. That's my view. Yeah. But, but, but at, at a 12 step Group that's properly run will offer You support And safety. So now You can share yourself. And be seen, By others. Amen. Yeah, I. I mean. I've gotten even into like th intimacy disorder groups. And. Those Oh Yeah are a lot more potent with people talking about their emotional disorders. And like Yeah, tr like, you know, traumas And things That happen.


And. It's not a, a crybaby Group either know, you know, like sometimes We talk about trauma, but I don't talk about It from like a crybaby place. No. I like to talk about it from like, this is important. And And. It's And. It's important to learn about It And. And I like to share what I learn about from It. you know, It's not about people victimizing themselves, right? Or try or trying to present it as a victim. Yeah. It's saying, this is what happened to me, And. It's my responsibility to learn from it. That's th truth. And. It's my responsibility to grow from It, not to wallow in all of what happened to me. And I can't help It. That's nonsense. Oh. I'll Tell You this. Mr. Monta That a thing. I realized I was addicted to a few years ago. Yeah self-pity, Yeah, And, I didn't even know it.


I kept always thinking, man, what's wrong with me? Yeah. I have to fix this every day. It wasn't, nothing was enough. I kept And. th I realized. That, even though it seemed like I was trying to make myself better. Yeah. th truth was That. I was always seeing myself as less th Yeah, because those things have to both be present at th same time, because I can only Get better. If. you know, I have to, there's not can I'm never enough. Well, That That Am can never being enough though. Yeah it. I'm trying to figure this out. Well, I got addicted to self pity. ve got addicted to like, Can I jump in with a thought? Yes, Please. Thank You. Dear God, please.


It did something for You. It took away responsibly from You. Ah, now human beings have a hard time taking responsibility. I mean, you know, I, I have a hard time taking responsibility. Yeah, you know, We all have a hard time taking responsibility. So when you're in That self-pity mode, You, you're suffering. But You don't have to take responsibility. I'm suggesting that's what it did for You. Yeah. I. Think Yeah. Maybe. There was a part of me, That wanted to keep it around, because it always let there be something wrong with me too. That's Right. You know, that's right. Like, if I never solve this, if I'm never enough, th there will always be something wrong with me.


Yeah. Does That make any sense? It makes sense. Because can it, it takes away th challenge of growth, right? I mean We. Talk about growing pains. Growth is painful. Oh, Yeah. People go from damn seven inches to seven feet. Six. And a half, six, one or whatever. Yeah, And, And, And. and th emotional growth is also Oh. Yeah. Painful And. So when We don't grow, at least We avoid th growing pains. Right? you know, Yeah, I used to, when, whenever I used to smoke, I used to be like, part of me didn't wanna quit smoking Yeah, because I wanted to have an excuse for why I wasn't doing other things Right?


Does That make sense? Makes total sense. Little sense is enough. I'll take it. Yeah


does BLUECHEW work. I can answer It. Yep. I chew on them thing. Baby Get, That diving board, baby. Make your own pool. If you're asking That question, does BLUECHEW work? We want You to know That BlueChew is putting their money where their mouth is. By giving You a month free BLUECHEW is an online service. That delivers th same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, And, LA Vitra. But at a fraction of th cost. And in a chewable form, BLUECHEW, once men rock hard, they told me that's th mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up. Hmm. Until every 10 is pitched, until every rod is raised salute. Discover your options at BlueChew dot com. And, we've got a special deal for OUR listeners, try BLUECHEW free when You use OUR promo code Theo at checkout. Just pay $5 shipping. That's BlueChew dot com promo code Theo. To receive your first month free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details. And important safety information. and we thank BLUECHEW for supporting th podcast.


This episode is sponsored By BetterHelp. When your mental clarity, or your focus, or your ability to process something in your life is not where it should be. If you're struggling showing up for your family or yourself, You may need therapy. I've gone I. Recommend it. BetterHelp can help If, you're thinking of starting therapy. Give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, And suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to Get matched with a licensed therapist. And. Switch therapists at any time. For No, additional charge therapy can help You learn to accept all parts of yourself. So You can take off th mask. Take off th mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TN Today to Get, 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp h E L p.com/ Theo. and we thank for sponsoring this episode.


Oh Yeah, what else did I wanna talk to? Oh. This is really fascinating stuff here. So, trauma fosters a shame-based view of th self. Yeah. I'd love to talk a little bit about shame, man, because That was a huge part of my life. Well, tell me about it. I just felt ashamed of myself. Yeah I felt ashamed of like, Yeah. I felt ashamed of how I looked. I felt ashamed of like my ears, my nose, my face, my th way. I stood, I felt Yeah. I felt ashamed of my family, of my home. I just I everything. I, I, I, I just felt a ton of It. I'm not, I'm not whining about it right now. I'm just thinking back.


But Yeah, I just felt a ton of shame. Yeah, you know, I felt like I felt like I. I think I felt ashamed of who I was at like, th first molecule. Almost like th first cell of my, you know, th dirt under th roots. It felt like I just, there was a part of me. That felt like I was me or anything. That had to do with me was gross. I. Understand. you know, And, I used th word gross. 'cause that's It felt like gross No. th only thing I'll say is it's, it's not That. You felt You were gross. It's You believed. You were Right.


Yes I. Yeah. You're right. I didn't feel It. It wasn't like a feeling on th surface of me. Yeah It was like a knot. Someone had tied a long time ago. Exactly. In th beginning of my time. And in there. It in That Knot. It was in there somewhere. And I couldn't really even access it. It was a Yeah. But shame. Yeah. I. Want to hear about shame? Alright. Did. you feel it? Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. How'd You feel? Well, growing up in Hungary, in Eastern Europe, And, I, I lived there until I was 13. There was a lot of antisemitism. And. My grandparents had died in Auschwitz.


I almost died as an infant. My mother, my father. That's when your mother gave You to someone else to save You. That's right. Yeah. Wow. When I was 11 months of age. But even after th war, there was antisemitism. And. So I'd feel ashamed of being Jewish. I don't anymore. But, but, but I did as a kid. So I would kinda, th I'd have I was ashamed of my Jewish looks. Oh. So You have to hide, or You have to feel like Yeah. Yeah. There's something different about me. That isn't quite right. And. you know, there was a lot of antisemitism in taunting in th school. That I went to, you know, when I look back on it now.


So, Yeah, And, th I, I I. Develop body shame. you know, know Yeah. I mean to this day, it's kind of, it's interesting. But every day, I judge aspects of my body, Oh, Yeah. you know, like, this is not big enough, or this is too big, or whatever. you know, Yeah, this is Too Big. Yeah. So, shame, but shame. Nobody's born with shame. Really? No infant is born ashamed of themselves. They're totally there. Yeah. That's true. Huh? If. you saw th little infant That was ashamed of yourselves. Ashamed of himself. It would break your heart. Yeah, No. They wouldn't even know how to do It.


How infants Get shamed is when they're not seen. And, Yeah, And. what happens? th Well, Th what? Or if they're mistreated. Well, let's, A child is not seen, or is, or worse is being hurt. Now, they can make two assumptions. One is, these adults are stupid. They're incapable. They're incompetent. I'm all alone in th world. Or th child can believe there's something wrong with me. And. Maybe. If I can work hard enough, I can fix it. Mm. Now which belief do You think is more acceptable for th child? Th second one. Th second one.


So, th they develop this deep sense That. There's something wrong with us. We. Just have to work hard enough or look good enough or something. And th Maybe. If We can fix. So, even That shame, which comes off from being cut off from It, comes from being cut off from human contact th way. We need, It has a kind of protective value. Hmm. Really? Because It makes us at least think That. There's something We can do. Ah, It almost it iver And. It gives us hope. In a weird way. It gives us hope. In a weird way. Yeah. Wow. But it It It just, but here's th thing. Children are, are narcissists. And young children. When I say narcissists, I don't mean in th pathological sense.


I mean in th sense. They think it's all about them. Right? And, they don't have any other choice. They're all they know. That's All they know. So, if th parents are happy, And connected And, there's a atmosphere of loving acceptance. And. So on th th child thinks Hey, I I must be pretty good. I must be okay. Yeah. Everything's good. Yeah. I'm okay. Yeah. But if th parents are stressed, depressed, traumatized, racially challenged, economically challenged, or such terrible things as th children And Gaza are experiencing right now with th daily bombings, And, all this kind of stuff, what can they think?


th That. There's something wrong with me. Oh. Imagine some kid over there. And. Gaza looking up And. There's a bomb. Some And. They think, man, I'm so horrible. I deserve to be bombed. Well, you know what? There was a study th of God And children. Man, that's crazy. I hadn't thought about That. Like, really? Look, imagine That, though. There was a study th of children in Palestine 21 years ago. And, 95% of those 95%. This is long before th current horrors. Long before October. th seventh, long before th aftermath of October th seventh, 95% of those 5% of those kids showed traumatic symptoms. Hi percentage. what their beds like You, And, I did.


They expressed aggression towards their parents. They had panic attacks, anxiety, Yeah fears. can You imagine what's gonna happen to That generation years from Now, Years from now? I mean it just sad. Breaks my heart every day. When I Think about It, And, And Brady. can, can, You know, you know, a lot of my fellow Jews don't agree with me. But as a Jewish person, I'm not th only one who feels That way. It especially breaks my heart. Yeah. Well, when You put It in That sense, That a kid. Imagine a kid like, you know, You, Yeah. 'cause what are they gonna think? They don't know. They just think, man, something's so wrong with me.


I deserve to be killed. Yeah, you know, or something. I don't, I don't know Yeah. It depends if th adults are able to hold them. And, And, And, And. Keep them feeling loved. But 19,000 kids have been orphaned And. When I say orphaned I don't mean just That. Their parents have died. Their extended families have been wiped out. Yeah. What's gonna be th future of those kids? you know, And trauma. Anyway, it's, it's just a Terrible No. It's heartbreaking. I mean, It feels like a genocide is going on over there. And, You don't know what to do. you know, from, it's like, you know, I mean, You can pray.


You can speak up about it. And, you know, That, there's like, and more political aspects of It And. We've had different people come on to talk about Israel. And Palestine here. Yeah And. It was very knowledgeable for Yeah. A lot of OUR listeners, 'cause You hear about it a lot. But You don't know th history. And everything. But, well, I've been there. I went there two And a half years ago to work with th Palestinian women tortured in Israeli jails. Wow And. They had post traumatic stress disorder. I've seen it with my own eyes. And, who's th Black American writer? 10 Hasi Coates. Tenah. Hasi Coates. Yeah. He just written a new book, and he talks about visiting Palestine. and he says, Yeah s Yeah.


He, in his new book, he says, once You, go there. And. See it. You can't unsee it. you know, And Way, OUR Media Doesn't cover it. It super fairly Yeah I feel like OUR Media doesn't cover It super fairly. That'd be interesting to speak with him. th thank You for bringing his name up. Oh Yeah. Yeah I mean, it's heartbreaking. Anytime something's happening to a child, you know, That should be, th one thing That We can all figure out. This shouldn't happen. No. It's also th truth. That, it's also happening to kids in Israel. There's bombs, And, rockets, And. So on I. Don't know if this is th time to go into th politics of it. It's not a question of valuing or, or, or sort of a steaming one.


Suffering over another. We. Don't compare traumas, but th degree. And th scale of suffering. And Gaza is unprecedented. you know, Yeah, And. Look, It seems like it. When my wife walks into a room. Hmm. I'm 80. I'm typing away. I'm reading a book. She walks into th room. And, I don't hear. All of a sudden, I hear her. I go like this. th not. This is th startle response of an infant. If. you, If you take a three month old who's sitting there, And. You're lying there. And. You. Go like this. It's called th start of reflex that's built into me. 'cause when I was three months of age, And, throughout my first year, Budapest was being bombed.


By, th allies, Wow, quite apart from th antisemitism, And, th genocide. There was th war going on. So I'd be thrown into a laundry basket. And, they'd rush me down to th basement. So, when I hear a noise, I still go like this. Yeah. Now, this is 80 years Later, Oh. When You see a load of laundry, go By. Yeah. you know, Yeah man. So We can stay with. So, so what you're saying is, It can stay with You. That. Long It can stay with You. That. Long It gets locked in You in your cells. Really? It's, it's actually literally locked into your cells. Yeah, And into your chromosomes. Yeah. I mean it's heartbreaking for both those children on both sides of That, And, And. Just anywhere, anytime You think like And. Even a kid, when they think, like, even in America, it's like, in America, it's like we're bombing each other.


Like there's We. Can't figure out a way. There's a huge planet here. Yeah. We can't figure out. How can We not figure out a way? Yeah, That We can do live. All, all God is asking us to do is be alive. Yeah, And, do It without a war. That seems, it seems unreal. That, We can't figure That out, man. Well, That I mean th great. It seems unreal. th great spiritual teachers have been addressing That insanity for thousands of years. you know, Gabbo, how does shame cause us to lose compassion for ourselves? Yeah.


Lemme tell You a story. I mentioned this in th Meta Normal. After my book on addiction came out in th realm of Hunger, ghost, I got an email, not an email, a letter from a guy in Seattle. and he said, I, really appreciate your book. And, showing how trauma causes is one of th not. Addiction is not th only outcome of trauma, but it's one of th outcomes of trauma. One of th potential outcomes of trauma. and he is I, really appreciate all That. But he says, I can't blame my mother. It's my own fault. That, I'm a shit. Mm, And I thought, Oh, my God. You, poor guy.


You, still see yourself That way, but lack of compassion. 'cause if He actually understood, fully understood, That, He was just th baby at some point, needing And, wanting to be loved, And held, And seen And, And And, And valued just for being a human being. And, That didn't happen to him. And, That caused so much pain in him. That, he escaped into some drug addiction. He's not a shit. He's just a hurt human being. Yeah, but That, lack of self-compassion, I. See It all th time in my workshops, when I do therapy work with people, one of my main tasks is to help them to notice, not to criticize them for It, but to help them to be aware of how they lack compassion for themselves.


Yeah, And, It's hard to even notice. That. You're Get in th shame circle. It's so hard to even notice. That. You're in it. And, You can be living in th center of It, Yeah. you know, that's how I was with self-pity. I was living It. I just didn't realize it. And th self pity was manifesting itself. Like Oh. You can figure this out, you know? But By trying to constantly help myself figure it out. All I was doing was focusing on my own right? Being not good enough. Yeah, which in a way, is really just self pay, self pay. But, but it's also lack of self-compassion. Yeah, Not giving myself some grace. I. Remember th first time somebody said, Hey, man, give yourself some grace. I'd never even Wow. I was like, Wow. Because You people find themselves accusing themselves, And talking to themselves in ways.


That, they would never talk to others. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, That. Most people wouldn't Yeah. Some would Yeah, but most wouldn't. Can You notice characteristics or actualities in your life? Today, That, You can directly correlate to side effects of childhood trauma. My own Yeah, Well, my capacity to Get triggered. But, but see, And th a trigger is an interesting word. 'cause We keep using It. But what does it mean? Well, it means an, a reaction that's way out of proportion to th to th actual stimulus.


Yeah. Now, when You actually look at a, when You, where th where th when metaphor comes from, comes from a, a gun. th how big a part of th gun is th trigger. Small, small, little part. what makes th trigger work is That. There's ammunition. And an explosive charge. So, as long as I'm full of explosive charge, which is my unresolved trauma, somebody will say, boo And, I'll go Yeah. you know? So, my capacity to Get triggered my difficulty believing That I was really loved. And accepted in my marriage relationship, even though I was Wow. you know, my tendency to blame others for my own reactions, rather th taking responsibility in there.


We mentioned th addictive behaviors. Certainly. th first book I wrote in a DH, adhd. It is called Scattered Minds. My scattered mind is certainly an outcome of early stress. 'cause I mean That dissociation. That tuning out is just an escape mechanism. Hmm. you know, so, th way, I was unable to see my kids for th beautiful, sensitive creatures, That. They were, you know, And. My work. Holism Oh. It's shown up. It's shown up in so many ways. You said, That not believing. That, people love us. Yeah. That's, dude, that's huge, man.


Yeah, what, what is That? Why does That, why, why do We? Sometimes you'll be in a marriage, in a relationship, And, we'll still believe That person. They don't love me. Or they We won't believe their affections. what Did you say, Yeah, We, Yeah We won't believe we're loved, you know, or accepted. Well, Peter Levine, who's one of th great trauma teachers, he talked about trauma being th tyranny of th past. So, Th attorney of th past, Th tyranny, Th tyranny of th past. So, we're in th present moment, but we're actually reacting to th past. Now, throughout th first year of my life, given OUR situation, my mother was really stressed, unhappy, even terrorized.


She couldn't give me That calm or tuned, loving attention. th I needed. She did her best for God's sakes. you know what could be greater? Love? th for 24 young woman to give her a baby to a total stranger in th street, you know? But how do I experience it? I experience as a rejection, right? So, th person, That, ought to be loving me, is giving me away. I can only conclude from That. That. I'm not lovable. Ah, I. See? Now, once I don't think I'm lovable. I'm not gonna believe That, anybody actually loves me. No matter how, what they manifest or what they show me. Yeah, you know, And th can blaming them for my own sense of unlovability.


Now, this is unprocessed from what we're talking about. A Hundred percent. you know, Yeah, I've almost even thought it sometimes I thought like, Oh, you're dumb for loving me. Yeah. Yeah. But that's th other side of it. Yeah, It. It is, it is like tro. Mark said That. I wouldn't belong to a club. That would've me as a member. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So, anybody would love me. They can't be very bright. Can't I. It Must be out their minds. You talk also about not parent blaming, which I think is really important. Yeah can You tell me a little bit about That Yeah. Well, look, I mean your story right there about your mother gave You away because it was th Yeah.


I mean, imagine th th terror or th pain in her of like, Yeah, th only thing th most loving thing I can do is put my child somewhere else away from me. Right now, for its own safety. That's exactly right. Right? Well, all parents We were born with a caring instinct. you know, like, we're born with certain emotional systems. In OUR, brain play is one of them. Curiosity, seeking th dopamine circuit is another one. Caring, loving is another one. We're just born with. That. We are, it's instinctual. All mammals are born with It, Yeah, Yeah, No mammal infant would survive without it. Right? you know, so, I don't I. Never doubt That parents love their kids, That.


There's at least an impulse in them to do so. But th love That, th parent feels is not That. th love what th parent child receives. Mm. what th child receives is th quality of th parents' presence. Are they calm? Are they attuned? Are they emotionally present? Are they preoccupied, stressed, depressed, traumatized, overworked, whatever, any of those conditions? th child does not experience th love in its whole sense, right? So, even though You might know, That, your mother loved You And, I'm sure she did in her own way.


And. She did her very best, but she was not able to give You those qualities. That, You would really, in your heart, experiences love Yeah. you know, And. So, in this society, where, as You said earlier, parents have to go to work just to put bread on th table. And, where so many people, economically insecure, where there's so much stress, so much division, so much angst, so much aggression, so much suspicion. What's it like to be a parent? It's really, really difficult. And don't forget, We didn't evolve in nuclear families. We evolved in groups where kids around nurturing adults th whole day, including their parents, but not only their parents.


Yeah. So, in today's society, parenting has become an almost an impossible task. Why would I blame any parent? Blame any parent. And. I'll even say this. And. I'm not trying to excuse anything. 'cause there's No excuse. That's not th point. But If, you look at parents who abuse their kids. what happened to them as kids? They Were abused. For sure. They were abused. It's multi-generational. It's not That. They grew up. It's not That. They decide, I'm gonna abuse my kids. They just act out what happened to them. Yeah. So I. Think blame No. Responsibility is one thing. Blame is another.


I. Think blame is totally unscientific. It's cruel, And. It's totally inappropriate. So, as much as I point out th impact of early experience, there's absolutely No room for blaming parents. And Theo. What's really interesting to me is after I, my I wrote my book on addiction, occasionally, some strange person will come up to me. And said, my child died of an overdose. And I. Thank You for writing th book. And. I always find That a bit startling, because in th book, I'm saying, That, it's childhood experience. And trauma. That ultimately result in th addiction. And. They say, you know what? 'cause I finally Get it.


I finally understand. And, what happened? And, I Get it as multi-generational That. It's nobody's fault. There's nobody to be blame here. you know, th question is, in each generation, can We take responsibility? So We, don't pass. It on to th next one. But blame. There's No room for It. Yeah, And. Robert, Polsky, th scientist who I quoted He, said, there's just No room for blame. Hmm, Yeah. It's not, it's not Yeah. You can have, You can have discussions about responsibility. And things like That, And share, Hey. I think You could have been more responsible about this. Or seeing something. That was somebody's responsibility.


But Yeah, And, You can even be angry, right? Without You can be angry Without blaming, right? Because why wouldn't You be angry, Yeah, when those things happen to You? So, it's not a question of telling people, don't be angry. But having anger, And owning it is not th same as saying You did something deliberately. That You shouldn't have done And. You shouldn't known better And. you know, You said terrible. you know, it's so, there's anger, healthy anger, necessary anger. And. th there's th expectation. That. People take responsibility. Yeah, each for ourselves. And. th there's blame, which is a whole other bag of monkeys.


Yeah, We. Don't. It's a zoo. We. Don't, We don't need to be involved in No. We don't need That. What, what makes You laugh? Like, what is there, like, shows You like to watch, or a thing You, like, well, Sometimes what makes me laugh is my own ridiculousness. Yeah, I Mean Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Sometimes Me too I. you know, it's gonna be a good day if I find That. I'm laughing at myself. Yeah, Yeah. Well, there's so many, you know, like, th little human ego is, I mean on th one hand. We can be compassionate towards it. But th That it is so ridiculous. Yeah, you know, so We can laugh at ourselves. My wife, And I laugh a lot. Oh You Do. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of OUR.


That's one of OUR saving. It's been 55 years in, in a month. And I. Tell You we've laughed so much together at ourselves, at each other. know that's adorable. you know what makes me laugh? Usually absurdity, Yeah, when things are absurd. That make they make me laugh. you know, where there's sort of touch of reality? Yeah, Yeah. Those are th things. That. Make me laugh. Is there a, like a film, That You, like, or like, what's a movie? That You. Like, I'm just trying to just know a little bit more about You Yeah. A movie That made me laugh. Or Just a couple Movies. A fish called Wanda Oh. Yeah talking about Jamie Lee Curtis That I I I I I rolled my head off about That one.


I don't have such a good memory for That kind of stuff. A funny book will make me laugh. you know, Yeah, do You have a favorite or one, or just a fiction book? That You, like I tend to go for th classics. So, I, keep rereading th I ad By homer Wow with th torture war I. Keep rereading. Doki I. Just reread th brothers karasov Las year. 'cause he's such a deep, such a deep understanding of th human soul. th darkness And th lightness. Both Yeah of th human soul.


It's fascinating. Yeah. So I tend to go for th classics. Myself, I Yeah I read somewhat novels, but not That often. th Yeah By th way. you know what made me laugh? Catch 22. Yeah I I. Reread That. A couple years ago, I split a gut. Who was it? Not John Steinbeck. Who wrote That? Joseph Heller. Joseph Heller. Catch 22. I. Think it was Joseph Heller is his first name. We had to read That I. Think in school. Well, It It By Modern standards. There's some parts of It. That are really sexist. And, misogynist And in some places, even racist. So, I'm not making th excuse of That.


Yeah. It was th zeitgeist at th time. Yeah. Sure. But it's just repro. th funny about th absurdity of war. And And, And th self puffery of important people. Yeah. you know, I'll have to check It out, man. I th I I. Think I had to read it sometime. But Maybe in college, We had to read it. Mm. Did you ever read John Irving, any of his books? Like th World According to Garp? Remember That book? You? you know, I started reading That decades ago. I never finished it. Yeah That happens. Some of his books, His latest book is, it's I. Don't even know what it is. It's very long. Yeah. I mean You. Need to bring a tent with You. you know, Re recently there was a book that's caught a lot of attention.


Demon, copperhead, By, Barbara King, solver, And. th And. She wrote th Poisonwood Bible. That's her most favorite famous book. Mm. But Demon Copperfield Copperhead is a, is a kind of a modern take on, on David Copperfield By, Charles Dickens And. It takes place in Appalachia. Wow And I just saw an interior with her yesterday. How she goes after JD Vance. Wow. 'cause she's in Appalachian, right? So they're both from That area. They're both from That area. Different mindsets. And. She's saying, buddy You don't represent us. you know, interesting. know And And. And Dam. Copper demon. Copperhead takes on th hillbilly image of of Appalachians, huh?


And plays with it beautifully. Wow. I'd love to check That out. She seems like an interesting woman. She's a very interesting woman. She's very, very thoughtful, very forthright. That'd be cool. Yeah, Maybe. it can Maybe it. After I read th book, I can see if she would want to come. And visit. Sometimes, like I always like, feel like I have, explain my intentions. I. There's a part of me. That always feels like I'm manipulating somebody. Do you know what I'm m talking about? That's not a feeling. So what is it? It's a thought. It's a belief. It's A belief. Yeah, No, And. There's a reason why You have it. Like, even if I'm just doing something nice, there's a part of me that's like, Oh. You're Yeah, You.


Think you're fake. Yeah Yeah. It's called th imposter syndrome. Okay? And. And. It has to do with th fact. That. You couldn't be real as a kid. In some ways, You had to pretend And. It's really hard to let go of That of That sense. That. I'm still doing It. Yeah. It's what You grew up with. So You could be kind to That part of yourself, okay? Who th part, That. You could actually, because it is not a feeling, you know, Theo. It's, it's a belief. And th beliefs can be You. Don't argue with feelings, but beliefs, You can challenge. Mm. Is It really true? That, you're manipulating, like, when you're talking to me now, are We having a genuine conversation?


I believe That, We are, Or is it true? That, you're actually manipulating me in any way at all. No. I. Don't think I am And. Furthermore, gimme some credit. Maybe. You can't manipulate me. Even If, you want to, so, so, That. Th th That's very fair, dude. So, That fear of yours is both lack of compassion towards yourself. And th lack of, in a sense, trust in th other person's capacity to look after themselves. That's A good point. Yeah. Yeah. It's just funny. I was just talking with my brother yesterday. 'cause We had similar childhoods. and we were thinking of, well, what are some things That I could think about to talk with them about And?


and we were talking about That. That. Sometimes We always feel like there's a, something like we're manipulating ourselves, or That, OUR ability to manipulate would be so powerful. That, We wouldn't even know Yeah what we're doing, which is pretty crazy, too. It's A lack of self-Trust, lack Of self, Self-trust. Now, you know what? Have I manipulated Yes? I have Yeah? Sure. you know, but th same. So it's not a question. That one never does It. But you know what I'm manipulating, right? And. Usually it's 'cause I want something. That. I don't know how to state directly. Or I'm afraid That, I might not Get otherwise. Mm. you know, And, th I'm afraid to show up with my vulnerable request, Which would make sense as a child. There was something You wanted That.


You didn't think You were gonna Get otherwise. That's right. So You didn't show. So Yeah Yeah makes sense. Children, children manipulate outta a sense of weakness. And, that's pretty much all they can do. If otherwise, they don't. Get th an easement. A lot of th your book, That, I've read so far, it's about, it's Get to th part where it's like That Western medicine doesn't always take into context as much. That th body, And th mind, like us as an entire thing as OUR society, as you know, it's almost like in, like, if, say, if, like, th whole world, And time, And culture And everything.


Were a car Yeah. Instead of th doctor looking at th car, they just look at th human, which would just be one part of th car. Yeah, And. So they're always just working on this one part instead of looking at th whole car, which could also be a cause of why th part isn't doing well. That's th whole point. And. See what, see, We have to make a distinction here. There's western science. Okay? th there's th medical practice. Understood. Th two are not th same necessarily. Okay? Thank You. So I was trained as a medical doctor. Nobody ever taught taught me about th mind, body unity. But physiologically, You can't ate th mind from th body. So, That, OUR, emotional circuits, And th immune system, and th hormonal apparatus, And th nervous system, actually one system.


They're not separate systems. So when things happen emotionally, naturally, they have a physiological effect. Yeah, you know, so I can give You a 10,000 examples. Children whose parents are stressed or much more likely to have asthma. Children of what? Children who are, whose parents are stressed are much more likely to have asthma. Okay? So their th airway is narrow And. They Get inflamed black. There's a study. That showed That. Black American women, th more episodes of racism. They experience th higher th risk of asthma. Wow, it's been shown That. Women with severe PTSD have doubled th risk of ovarian cancer.


Wow. This is a study out of Harvard University. Adults who experienced th loss of an adult child have a higher risk of malignancy. Of th of th bone marrow. And, And, And, th blood grief, grief, a Danish study. Parents who lost a child have doubled th risk of multiple sclerosis. There are hundreds of studies showing th physical physiological impact of stress. And trauma, And loss on th physiology. So manifesting itself in OUR bodies as a disease, or contributing to Co co contributing to th onset of th disease. Got it.


And Yeah 'cause cancer. It's like, you know, You You, You say in th book, like, people Get cancer, A lot of times You hear like, th guy got cancer. He died three weeks later, right? Yeah, You hear That all th time. But th cancer had been there forever. Yeah And. It just enough had happened. I guess That, it turned over into being. Well, We know That stress, for example, can turn off genes. That, protect You against cancer. And turn on genes. That can cause cancer. Really? Yeah, Yeah Yeah. It's not even controversial. and we know That people, That Wow repress their healthy th anger. They're actually suppressing th immune system.


And. This, this stuff has been studied over And, over can And, great clinicians have been recognizing this for, mm, And in And 2,400 years ago. Socrates, th Greek philosopher said, That, th problem with th doctors of Today is That. They separate th mind from th body. Wow 2,400 years ago. Now, I can name You any number of great medical pioneers. I mentioned someone in th book, who 150 years ago, a hundred years ago, 80 years ago, 40 years ago, pointed out That mind, And body can't be separated. That. In fact, We are biopsychosocial creatures, which means That, OUR biology is inseparable from OUR, psyche, OUR, emotional apparatus, And from OUR, social relationships, Wow.


So all of it, It's all one. It's scientifically, it's all one. th problem is, medical practice doesn't recognize That oneness, Yeah. So most of th time You go to a physician with rheumatoid arthritis, or multiple sclerosis, for both of which there's plenty of evidence about th role of trauma, And stress. But th doctor's never gonna ask You about any of That stuff. They're just gonna deal You with th phy deal with th physical aspects of it, which they should deal with, right? But they also need to look at th whole, you know, what happened in this person's life? And, what's stressing them now? Like And, how can We help with That part of it? you know? So, medical practice as a doctor I, don't know if to be told how miraculously effective th achievements of modern medicine can be Oh, for sure.


But at th same time, there's a huge piece, That, we're missing. And That piece is not just intuitive or spiritual. Woo-hoo. It's science. But they don't teach That mind, body unity, science, right? In th medical schools Yeah. In fact, th piece is a whole, that's what they're missing. They're missing. That's what they're, they're missing th wholeness. Now, If, you look at th indigenous medicine, Yeah, there's th medicine wheel, which consists of four quadrants. There's th physical OUR physiology. There's th mental, which is OUR emotions, And OUR thoughts. There's th social, which is OUR relationships with other people, And, other creatures, And.


th there's th spiritual, which is OUR connection with something greater. th just a little ego. However, You define That And health, they say, depends on th balance between those four quadrants. Scientifically, that's totally true. But unfortunately, That science is largely ignored in medical training. I'm sure Yeah, well, especially now, a lot of OUR medicine has kind of been compromised or I. Think OUR industry has, you know, know Yeah. Maybe, it don't know And I don't know your industry. I'm not trying to offend it, but it certainly seems like just, you know, th it's been comp, most industries have been, a lot of comp have been compromised.


you know, th th fact to have better, you know, balance sheets. th But look, If, you come to me with depression, By th way, that's another diagnosis. That, I've had. So, I've, I've actually taken medication for depression. So I'm not here to, You know, just guessing, You know, d you know, to dismiss them Yeah. But If, you look at th word, depression. what does It actually mean to depress something? Hold It back. Just To push it down. Yeah. th what gets pushed on in depression? Your Feelings, OUR feelings. Or why would a person push on their feelings? One of th needs of th child.


One of th essential needs of th child, as I pointed out in this book, I, don't make this stuff up, I just report it is to be able to experience all their emotions. Anger, grief, fear, panic, love, playfulness, curiosity, lust for life. And just hunger for life. th th child doesn't need to express all those emotions when they arise. And have That understood, accepted And, validated By, th adults. Now, if I'm in an environment where th parents can't do That, you've had guests on this program. I won't mention them. By name, who teach That, an angry child should be made to sit By themselves until they come back to normal No, right?


And And know, 2-year-old kid gets frustrated. They Get angry If, you give That kid th message, That If, you are angry. You can't be with me. th child is, is an impossible dilemma. Am I going to separate myself from th person on whom my life depends, or will I push down my anger? Well give That message to th kid often enough, what are they gonna do? Depress their feelings? 30 years later, they're diagnosed with this disease called depression. Hmm. you know, now, If, you come to me with depression, I might decide That temporarily.


It might be a good idea for You to be an antidepressants And. I've taken them. They helped me for a while, you know, but it's not enough. Let's also look at what made You pushed on your feelings. what happened to You? Now, prescribing th antidepressant takes me three minutes, right? Talking with You about what actually happened to You. That made You pushed on your feelings. That takes a long time, right? And doctors are not even trained to raise That question. So, even if, as a physician, I don't have th expertise to deal with That question, at least I could refer You to somebody who does Yeah, but No, most of th time, it's just th industrial model.


You come in, I got five minutes with You. Here's th prescription. Goodbye. Well, That doesn't deal with th underlying problem. It deals with th symptom, which may sometimes be helpful, sometimes it isn't. But whether it's helpful or not, it does not deal with th underlying Dr dynamic. Yeah, Oh, Yeah. It's just And. It's just where OUR society is, too. We've gone so far down this road, And, it's just like, how do We I Yeah back in th day, it's like, it seemed like If. you were like, Maybe. This is crazy. But If, you were like just a small Group around a campfire. You could, You could see if somebody was hurting You.


There was, everything was right there. You couldn't hide anything. Not Only That. you know what You would do? You would do ceremonies, healing rituals, Yeah. You would drum, You would dance. You would chant. You would shake a stick. I'd be communal. Yeah, a, a friend of mine who I quote in th book, he's a part Lakota physician, And psychiatrist. His name is Louis Mel Madrona. and he said, in th Lakota tradition, when somebody gets sick, th community says, thank You. Your illness represents th imbalance in OUR community. Wow it You are like th canary in th mind. So your healing is OUR healing.


So let's do this together. Now, That makes so much sense, Yeah, both scientifically, And, And, And, And, And, And And, emotionally We, don't do That. We sort of isolate th individual. And. th We. Separate th mind from th body. So We say, it's just a brain problem, No. It isn't. It's a life problem. Yeah, And, That life is lived in an environment, in a multi-generational family in a certain culture. Let's look at th whole thing. That's all. Do You think We can start to head more in That direction? Or how do You think this changes? Because We are pretty far down th well here Know I think, Because sometimes You even said Roar. Like, sometimes I feel like OUR whole planet just wants to fucking roar.


you know? It's like It, just like I feel like everybody just wants to go in th yard. And just scream at th at th sky. It's like, I. Don't know. It feels like there's just something trapped in us. That is, does That make any sense, man? Oh, Yeah, And. It's had some cultural expression as well. what was That movie where somebody yells, can I'm fed up? And. I can't think It anymore. and he starts yelling, can Oh Falling down? Michael Douglas Is That. It was I. Don't know which movie It was, but it was, somebody just starts yelling, I'm fed up. And. I can't take it anymore. And. Everybody starts yelling, I'm fed up. I. Can't take it anymore. you know, I think there's a deep sense of frustration in this culture.


I'm mad as hell, And. I'm not gonna be able to take this anymore. Yeah, It's network. Howard Oh, Yeah Network. Yeah Yeah. That's a great movie. If you've never seen it. It's a great movie. I'm a matter of And. what No That was decades ago. I think th level of frustration in OUR society has increased. Why are people frustrated? 'cause their needs aren't being met. Yeah, And, That scream. Look, I travel all over th world. I just came back from a three week six country tour of Europe. Wow I talked to 12,000 people. That, sense of frustration, That sense of longing. That, We talked about. It's so universal these days. It Is Yeah, Yeah, That.


Is it? 'cause that's what Yeah, that's what it feels like. This are other people feeling this? That's what I wonder a lot. Yeah. Are other people feeling th same way? Well, some people are not because they escape. And. This society is absolutely brilliant at creating escapes through mass media, Yeah, mass sports consumption, And, so on. But I'll, I'll say something here, And. This is particularly true of comedians. I have found some people are just born more sensitive. That's a great point, too. And, I have to take That into account. We all do And, And.


and more sensitive means Sensitive is from th Latin, where it's sincere to feel. Now, some people are genetically born more sensitive. They feel more That means when things go wrong, they feel it more. th th others. So th same thing can happen externally to different, to different people. But if one of them is more sensitive, they can feel it all. th more so, it's especially th highly sensitive people who are feeling That scream. That. You. Talk about Yeah. That's a great point. That it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it just like, I. Just feel like we've just gone so far off th path of I.


But if I can say something, your sense, That, we've gone off th path. what in You knows That. Like, what part of me You mean What? In You? Who in your know, That? We've gone off th path. It's th part. That hasn't gone off th path. Hmm. It's th part. That actually sees so That can amongst I. Don't wanna create too much doom. And gloom here. No. There is this self here. There's this trueness here that's never been damaged, never been destroyed. There's nobody's damage. That goes That way. It's always in here.


It's th question of can We connect with It? Right? You Know, And, That, Yeah. How do We Get back to connecting with That sort of thing? Because OUR society, OUR culture's not gonna do it for us. It doesn't feel like We might have to start with it as individuals. Does That make sense? We do begin as individuals, but You probably realized I mean. Just for example, in your aa Group, there's a community there, right? Who have a lot of shared experiences. And, who are very vulnerably open in sharing their experiences. And That. That's a source of support. When You share about yourself, that's a source of support to others when they share about themselves, that's support for You. So That ultimately know We don't have to do It.


By ourselves. It begins as an individual process. But pretty soon, You, find That. We're not alone. Yeah. Do You think We can Get out of, of this toxic culture? Yor. Do You feel like there's a way out of where We are? Or do You feel like That humanity is just I? Believe in human beings? That's a great statement. I do too. You know, I, believe That. There's an essential goodness there. A desire to connect, a desire to belong, a desire to, to celebrate life. you know, I, I think that's, we're undo with those capacities. And, as difficult as things may look And, especially these days with this terrible war, go Wars going on.


And th suffering, That, we've talked about I still believe That. There's so many examples everywhere. I go. I meet such good people. People are trying to make a difference. People are trying to do their little bit or their big bit to reduce th suffering in th world. To, to speak th truth, to, to offer some love. Compassion to th world. I really do believe in humans. No, We have th potential to be monsters. We have th potential to be angels. But That, good side never totally disappears. Some people, it's covered over so much That.


They might never Get in touch with it. Most people, I think, are quite capable of Get there. Once they decide That, they want to Yeah I. Think what scares me, I think is That. I, in order to be a human being, We have to have th present moment, right? We have to Yeah be able to still have like, th ability to reflect. And, recognize And. Think And OUR society or OUR culture has created a lot where we're so many distractions. So That, if We never even take th time.


If they can, if We can be distracted enough from being able to really think or feel Yeah feel really probably starting with feeling Yeah, th th We will be trapped forever, in a way. Well, Does That make sense at all? It's interesting how You say all these really insightful things. th You keep asking me if it makes sense or not. Oh, sorry. Don't apologize. I. Can't think And talk to I at th same time. I can't feel And speak at th it's just No. But I'm, I'm just telling You, That, Yeah can, I'm not criticizing, can not C. I'm just noticing something. Yeah. Okay. I. Don't feel like You are appreciated. Thanks, Yeah. So, here's th thing.


We're born as feeling creatures, right? We feel before We. Think Yes th feeling apparatus is present in us. Before We, even born th thinking apparatus doesn't start developing until much later on. That's True. So, That, if there's a scaffolding of healthy feelings, th OUR thinking will be aligned with reality. But it's th feelings. That, We, We We feelings. We're feeling creatures before We. Were thinking creatures. Got it? So what You made what You said makes absolute sense from th even from th evolutionary And, physiological point of view, like animals feel, but they don't necessarily think, in fact, they don't think, But what?


Somehow don't. But, But without thinking, without feeling, they wouldn't survive. Right? you know, And. and we think We can Get, By, OUR own thinking. We got It backwards. Yes. That's what It feels like these days. Yeah, It feels like everybody's just thinking. It's like, even with like, like autonomous inventions, And technology. I'm like, at a certain point, I don't want any more technology if it's not helping us. you Know, Like, what? Stop, like Yeah, you're killing what it means to be me or, or not me as a hu but just us. It feels like We don't need to Get fast. It's just like you're gonna take jobs with, if a guy doesn't have a job, he doesn't have a purpose.


Having, having a job isn't only your purpose, but It, it's what gives people some sense of purpose. And a mean, a sense of meaning. And a sense of meaning, right? And, once You, don't feel like You have any of That? th what are You? It's like Yeah. We're almost just I. Don't understand why OUR society wants That. Well, first of all, I, totally Get where you're coming from. 'cause when We talk about ai, my my mind glazes over I, don't care. Yeah, I don't want one more piece of technology. I'm much more interested in what happens with human beings. A hundred. That's, man. Thank You, dude. That's how I feel. Yeah I just care how people feel. you know, Yeah, And, I, just like I, don't know And.


When You talk about meaning If, you look at th diminishing lifespan of especially white American men. It's That loss of meaning. When they hollowed out th industrial heartland of America, And, they Oh, Yeah outsourced, all th you know, cheap labor to other countries. Well, You can see That from th profit, point of profit motive. It makes sense. But from th point of view of human lives, You just deprive people of of th sense of meaning. you know, And, That sense of meaning. It's a psychologist friend of mine calls, dislocation is a major source of distress.


And a major source of, of, of, of self-harm. Yeah, And addiction. Well, I even think, like it used to be And, I say this many times, but like somebody worked in your area, And, they worked at a factory. And. They made a, like a table. And, they brought It, Yeah, And, You, You even had one of th tables at your house. And. You were proud of your dad. 'cause he worked there, And, and he made it And. th But now You have somebody in another country mailing something over here, Yeah. They don't care about it. That, they're making It, Yeah. Their kids don't know even what they do. Probably Yeah, you know, And. It just, it's this like, where is th Vic? I don't understand And. what level of this we're gonna Get to That is healthy.


Well, I think. Now what, what we're talking about here is th good old profit motive. Because profits don't care about human values. you know, And, And, And. Most companies, that's what they're interested in, is what will maximize profits. And. If they have to throw a thousand people out of a job in some town, they'll do it. Yeah. You know, And, I Don't understand That, though. Well, work I think is very important to people. I mean Yeah. We're creatures who work Yeah. I just read a very interesting book, By th way. It's called th th continuum concept published 40 years ago or so. This woman goes to th Venezuelan jungle, six weeks away from Civilization, And.


She watches all these Stone Age people bring up their kids. That's th book, right? th th convenient concept. How they bring up their kids. Well, they hold them everywhere. Like We said, they don't punish them. They don't yell at them. Them, these kids will grow up really happy. And comfortable with themselves. But th point I'm making is this tribe, they don't have a word for work. They have a word for cutting wood. They have a word for planting. They have a word for fishing. They have a word for washing, but there's No word for work. In other words, they just do what they do. Yeah, but there's No alienation from it, right? Whatever they're into, they're just into, right, right.


That's what they're doing. But they don't. Only kid is No. Here. We talk about work life balance. Now, look at That phrase. what does That imply? That. Here's life And. Here's work. And. th two are not th same Yeah. It's almost like We enslaved ourselves. What We have And. th also OUR societies, you're saying, creates so much stress. And, uncomfortable. 'cause like, say If, you took something that's supposed to be somewhere. And, You. Put it somewhere else. It's gonna always feel stressed because it's not like in its home, right? It's not in its natural spot. Funny, You should say That because I often say You can study a zebra.


And. You could conclude th th zebra as an animal. That mostly lies around all day, gets up a few times to eat or to defecate or something. And th lies down, can walks around a little bit. And, It would be true. If, you observed th zebra in a zoo in a cage. But If, you observed th zebra out there on th Savannah or wherever He she lives, you'd see It. Totally different creature. Oh. They're turnt out there. And, And, th human beings in a sense. We've put ourselves into a zoo. We, We. We're so far away from OUR natural revolutionary environment. It's not a question can of going back to stone age, but it's a question of recognizing what we've lost Yeah in a certain sense.


We've put ourself into a zoo. And, we're studying ourselves totally out of OUR elements. And th We're wondering how come things are going so badly? Yeah know. It's crazy. It's almost And. I hate to even laugh at It. But you're saying it's absurd. It's absurd. Yeah. We're Literally living in a theater of th absurd Yeah. In your book, You also talk about like th history of humanity. That Yeah. what We call civilization is less th 5% of OUR existence as a species, right? Yeah That. For th entire span of th human genus That, it represents less th 1% Yeah of That time. Yeah like OUR civilization, right?


Yeah we're such a small piece of how long Yeah humans have been alive, Yeah, and we have learned That such groups a long time ago, held values emphasizing hospitality, sharing generosity And reciprocal exchange for th purpose. Not of personal enrichment, but of connection. These values were intelligent. Time-tested guidelines for mutual survival. Yes, there was violence, And, bad behavior. And, all th rest We have never been perfect. But We knew something about setting th collective context for OUR humanists to flourish. Fruitfully, Yeah, That. It was a Group effort. It was a Group thing. And people never saw themselves as separate from th environment or from animals, right?


Or from other human beings. Yeah And in British Columbia, excuse me, where I live. th indigenous people used to have a ceremony called a potlatch. And. th pot latches. They would invite all these people, neighbors, And, other tribes, And. So on And, they'd give things to each other. Hmm. So it wasn't about Get. It was about giving. When th British colonialists arrived, you know what they did? They outlawed th potlatch. Damn. Because they wanted to kill That. Spirit of communality, Wow, That th indigenous people thrived on. So they knew how to do it.


So they forbade a lot of th practices. That gave th indigenous people, meaning, including th giving man And until very recently, decades ago, it was outlawed. So people had to do stuff in secret. you know, they, they outlawed th chanting. They had to, they had to chant in secret man. you know, And, because they knew th healing power of th chants. And th chants really connected indigenous people to their traditions. Now, th colonists did this everywhere. They did this in, in th states. They did it in Australia, And, New Zealand.


They did it in th Canada, of course, parts of Africa. And. So That, a real effort was made to divorce people from th essential communal drives. Mm. Yeah that's what It feels like. It. That's what it feels like inside. Like, we're not supposed to be doing this. Yeah. you know, Yeah one, one woman, That You mentioned Darcia, nave, Yeah, Daran, vez, Yeah, Dha Vez. Yeah said That. We have become species atypical. Yeah a sobering idea. When You think about it, No, other species has ever had th ability to be untrue to itself.


Yeah to forsake its own needs. And, nevermind to convince itself. That, such is th way things ought to be, Or to destroy its own environment. Yeah, You know, Yeah I still wonder if Mother Nature's mad about, like, if some of th diseases We have now are because of like, what happened to th indigenous cultures. you know, if some of That just like, is like, you know, 'cause Mother Nature remembers, you know, And. So it's like, are We still just suffering th sins of like, what's happened a long time ago? We are Yeah And. th th problem is We. Haven't learned from it yet. Like, actually, I work a lot with indigenous people in Canada. They often invite me to talk about addiction.


And, stress. And, trauma. And. So on Oh, some of them We did a show at in Vancouver. Some of them came out to th show. Did they And? They gave me some gifts. Oh. Fantastic. Yeah. It was really, really beautiful. Beautiful. Isn't It Yeah? It was awesome, man. Yeah, it was great. It was really nice of them. But what? But so, so I do a lot of That work, but I Get so much from it. 'cause there's such deep wisdom Yeah, like even with all their trauma, And, all th dysfunction, all th addiction, And mental illness amongst them, which is strictly a result of colonial trauma. But there's still such gentle wisdom. Mm.


There's still such connection. I I, I I. Remember doing a ceremony with them, some indigenous friends two years ago, out in nature, they talk to every plant. Wow, they're so connected. Yeah, you know, such deep wisdom. And I actually believe That, when this society starts heading Get, its head screwed on. Right? We'll be very humbly willing to learn from th indigenous people. Yes, you know, like Yes civilization has brought many amazing things. Not to forget That, but what if We could meld OUR technological knowhow?


And And, And And And. Scientific brilliance with indigenous wisdom. Yeah. what a world We could actually create. And Maybe. That is where we're headed, right? I. Think That has to be th hope. Well, I, that's, You know, That's I. Believe. That's certainly a possibility. Yeah, I. Think That has to be th hope. That. We. Take away Yeah. 'cause if I were ever a leader, I, think We would Get back to some of th things. That were important, you know, you know, one of my favorite times when I was a kid, th power would go out. Sometimes Yeah, And. So we'd all have to, like, mom would put a couple candles out, And. So we'd all have to be right there together. Yeah, And. It was just like I. Don't know. All That mattered was just like, like You could joke And, but It was like, I.


Don't know it. Like We. Just all needed each other. You need to know where everybody were. Is everybody here? I? Don't know there was something special about That. Well, You can see it even now. Okay? When, when there's disasters, people really come together, right? They tend to come together to support each other. Yeah, Yeah, they'll go out of th way to, to give And to support Oh, for sure. You've seen it with th flooding And stuff in th Southeast right now. Yeah Yeah in many places, all over th world, Yeah, Yeah, I, think there's so much to learn from OUR, natives, from, from th indigenous people of th land. you know, Yeah, just as We learn from animals, And all parts of nature. Well, Dar was th th scientist, Today psychologist, That You mentioned.


She's written a book called th Evolved, th Nest And. She's talking about OUR commonality with other animals. And, how they rear their, their young And, what We could learn from them. Oh Wow Yeah. That's, that's an amazing little book. I I I wrote th foreword for it. DHA Hass done some amazing work on, on th actual needs of human beings, Really. She's a pretty fascinating woman, which is Very interesting, very interesting. If, you ever wanna talk to her? I'm happy to connect. You. That Would be really cool. You Canadians are dang interesting names. Well, DHA is American Oh. She is Yeah Yeah. She, all right, we'll take it. Oh No. She's a retired professor at th university of th Notre Dame Wow And.


She's still very active. And. This book is called th Evolved Nest. It's just a slim little volume Yeah. But You should learn about how penguins bring up their kids or wolves. When a mother dies, th wolves who haven't even been pregnant, start lactating to feed th young ones Wow. you know, And, how when th baby elephant is born, you know what happens? All th other mother th Elephants put their trunks on it. All th other mothers, you know, they Yeah. They stand around And. They touch th baby. They know th need for touch. I mean there's incredible wisdom in animals as well. And DHA And, her writing partner, gray Gay Bradshaw.


They really show us th lessons We could actually derive just from watching OUR animals bring up. th young We still have a lot to learn. Is That th best message to take away from your book? Do You think We still have a lot to learn? And And. and we need to be humble. We need to realize That for all OUR achievements, And OUR, intellectual brilliance, we've become disconnected from OUR hearts. From OUR gut feelings. And, That, We need to really be curious about OUR hearts. And OUR guts are telling us not just OUR intellects, Amen. Yeah. We need an, an emotional revolution. That's a good way to put it.


Before You, before You, go And, thank You so much for your time. Oh, Pleasure, Yeah. There's a part, Raffi, there's a guy in th book. Rafi Oh Raffi Raffi No. Raffi iss, a children's singer. A children's say, Oh Yeah That guy. That's him. I'd like to be him. know th see Yeah Is That. Him. No No. That's Ringo star Oh. Dear, you're, you're, you're singing Octopus's Garden. Yeah Oh. Jesus. But, but Raffi used to sing baby beluga Oh, Yeah, you know, And Apple, Zeban, you know, That song, Yeah Yeah And banana phone. And ra ra Yeah. But He says, We. Discover who We are from th inside. You wrote That on th book. And And Rafi actually played It in th White House at, at th Clinton inauguration, Oh Sweet.


and he is like th children's troubadour of th world. Yes, when I was a child, We listened to Yes. They had, they had all of it. Rif is a friend of mine, Oh, excellent, And And. At some point, he, some years ago, he woke us some in th middle. Wakes up, wakes up in th middle of th night. And th world child honoring comes into his head, and he says, what would th world look like if We honor children? And th needs of children? So He started this child honoring institute. Now, th thing about his singing for children is this not condescending. He really plays with kids. And really gets them And, And, his heart is really so childlike.


So he says, whatever th quote was, That Yeah, Yeah That That, That That, That That, We We. Discover who We are from th inside. We. Discover what We are from th inside. and he is actually talking about how human beings develop, which is through OUR feelings. First And. Those feelings begin in th uterus. So already, when a mother is stressed, th child feels That in th uterus. And That stresses. th child And That interferes with th brain development. So, That actually We develop OUR sense from OUR feelings. First And, as I said earlier, th th intellect comes in, Right? But if th fe, if th emotional circuits are out of balance, 'cause of early stress, th it's hard for us to even think straight, right?


And, OUR society We have is women. So, so many mothers have to work. It's like We. We've just Yeah. We've, we're a little misconstrued. Well, th United States, 25% of women have to go back to work within two weeks of giving birth And. what nature would prefer scientifically And, physiologically, is for th baby with th mother for at least nine months. Yeah. But actually for years now, or if not th mother, but at least th with th mother for at least nine months. But I, ideally, well beyond th but with other nurturing adults, right?


So it's not just caregivers who give You food. And, Right? It's th mother of th grandmother. th aunt th neighbor. Yeah. th th th sense of community. Your whole genes being right there. Like, exactly. Yeah, there's, how did We Get off on such a different tangent? th if We, if We were supposed to be in these, these tribes, these groups, these, it's just evolution And. There's nothing We can do about it. Well, that's, you know, that's civilization, right? Civilization, which Is obviously brought all kinds of benefits. But also, look at Yeah. All That. We've lost. So a lot can, it's for me. can We value OUR achievements?


And OUR knowledge, And, try to remember what we've lost. Yeah. And trying to reconnect with those parts of ourselves. That, we've kind of got divorced from Yeah. Yeah And. When You Yeah And your children, just look into them. Pour into them what You want out of them. you know, Yeah pour into them as much as You can. And Yes, some, some Chi You kids don't know how to feel. Sometimes You have to also talk to them about their feelings. No You don't, they know exactly how to feel. They don't have th words for so You, they right. They know how to feel. It's OUR job to give them words for their feelings. Right? It's right. It's OUR job to give them words for their feelings, right?


Yeah. So Yeah If, you child If, you're not doing That. It's, it's not a judgment. And I don't have any children, Yeah. But that's what I could have used when I was young. It was like, how do You feel? Let me help You with this Oh. Not even how You feel. You're really angry with Daddy right now. 'cause You wanted a cookie before dinner. And daddy said, No cookie. So now you're really angry. Aren't You Yeah? you know? So it's, it's not even We. Don't have to tell them how to feel. They, they're feeling creatures. We have to accept their feelings. Okay? That doesn't mean We. Give them th cookie Yeah. But it, it means That. We do understand why Yeah Hey, Hey I. Understand You want That cookie Yeah You, right now. You're really mad at daddy. Okay. I Get it. I Get It Yeah.


You know, Yeah, that's all Yeah, Yeah That. Doesn't mean you're allowed to hate your brother, but I, Get, That, you're angry. Yeah. So, so We. We're not talking about permissive parenting. We're talking about authoritative parenting. Not authoritarian, authoritative. Where th child is understood, And held And guided, and we give them words for their feelings. But We, don't ask them to suppress themselves. Mm. We may not accept certain behaviors or put limits, but We know how to do That. If th child trusts You, And is looking to You like natives. th th indigenous people, like We said earlier, never had to never hit their kids.


'cause th kids trusted th adults for guidance, right? you know, so, which all comes from connection? A hundred percent And. Now we're learning so many things. We, learn them like, you know, through a YouTube video or through We. We learn. So We I mean now most people learn about sex through pornography. It's just like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We need each other to Yeah. We need each other. And are, we're C create. We're creating more and more. That. We don't. That's right. And. And And. We're creating more and more That If. you have needs. There's something wrong with You Yeah If. you have emotional needs.


You're weakling. you know, Oh. One day OUR feelings will be in a museum. You'll go visit them there. Like Hey. Remember, remember this? They used to have That Dr Monte. Thank You just for putting all this together. It's really fascinating. You You I mean You have so many other like therapists, And scientists, And, philosophers, And, doctors, And, everything. You, quote That, you've quoted in here to really put together a beautiful piece of work here. Thank You. It's Really fascinating. And. It's not all like Debbie Downer stuff either. I And, And I don't mean to be And I. Don't think We were That much in this conversation. It's just looking at things. And saying Hey. Well, let, let's take us a look at where We are possibly.


How did We Get here? Well, that's my intention, And. My intention is to promote healing. Actually, it is not just to spread doom. And gloom, And. Actually, th healing part of th book is th longest part of th book. I'm not there yet. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah Yeah I. Hope. You Get. There someday. Yeah I. Think I Will Yeah. I've been reading at a good clip. I'm enjoying It. Well, I'm Glad to hear That Yeah. Thank You. It was, if I can boast, can I boast? Sure. I would love to You too. Yeah It. It It was 19 weeks on th New York Times Bestsellers list. Let's go for a year. And a half. It was a Canadian bestseller. It's been published in 41 Languages now, internationally. And. It's been a bestseller in a whole lot of countries. So I think there's value in this book. Well, I think also That. It's good to know. That enough. People are starting to recognizing some of th same thought.


you know, Yeah Absolute. Absolutely, because That in itself, those numbers itself, And, That, prolificness gives is a s source of Hope. I think I. Think what's happening actually is That. As society in some ways goes more into Christ crisis also, more and more people are waking up. Yeah, And. There's still un ask questions. And I. See That as a good thing. Yeah I do too. Thank You for letting me ask You questions. Today, thank You for Yeah, just for your time. So many of my friends love You. And. Look up to You. I. I had my own therapist was like, he's asking, I'm like, what? You can, you're my therapist. But he was excited. That. I was Get to sit down with You. So Oh, great. Yeah. Thank You so much for your commitment to curiosity.


And, thanks for your time. Now, can just on th can like I must be corner When I, That, I can.