
We have some upcoming tour Dates there in Colorado Springs. In Colorado. Casper, Wyoming, billings, Montana, And, Missoula, Montana, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio. Champaign, Illinois. Over there, And th fighting a line. I area, grand Rapids, Michigan, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont Texas. You can get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Uur And. Thank You so much for th support. Today's guest is a cat advocate, a performer And a trainer. For almost 20 years she's been touring with her performance crew of Cats called th and Acro Cats, where they perform routines, tricks, and much more.


She's also started th only all cat band in th world. Tuna And, th rock Cats No one loves anything as much as Samantha loves Cats. Today's guest is Samantha Martin. And th and Acro Cats I And Yes I.


Wanna learn all about Acro Cats And I. Wanna learn all about th traveling cat universe, And, everything That there is to know about it. 'cause It really is just fascinating to think about them. Cats, And, And. Everything. That they're doing And, And. Just how involved with it. You are, you know, just to start I, guess what are some, like what is a cat I guess. Basically, how would You even, what is like a, like I mean? you know, it's kind of an easy question. But what do You Yeah? Some people probably don't, aren't even That, aren't big pets like connoisseurs or whatever. How do You put That in a, is there a certain size of it? Or like, how tall is a cat? How tall Oh? Boy, that's If.


you open with a question I don't even know th answer to. They're very, they really vary in size. Some th some of it th Cats are more petite. We do a lot of bottle babies. So they tend to be a little bit on th smaller side. Females a little bit on th smaller side. But th you know, Cats are really kind of misunderstood. Everybody thinks That Cats are aloof. And That. They, they can't be trained That. They don't really need, you know, socialization or kind of th th same kind of things. That, That. Dogs need. A lot of people get Cats, you know, thinking that's not gonna be any work at all. I just have to scoop a litter box or get an auto scooping litter box. And, throw out some food. And be done with It. Where, you know, a dog is so much more work. But in actuality, a cat is, is just as much work as a dog.


And, people should invest That time because Cats are brilliant. People don't realize just how brilliant Cats are. Yeah, Oh, Yeah. I've seen some Cats. They have all types of Cats Yeah. They even had one cat went to Space I think even, You know, a cat went down Niagara Falls. Really? you know what Cat That went to? Niagara Falls. Falls It went down. Niagara Falls Oh Went down. It. Th first person, That That survived. th a barrel trip down th Falls. She took a cat with her No Way Yeah for good luck, or just for Just I. Who knows? I mean I wasn't around during That time to ask her afterwards, like, boy, what made You bring a cat down? th Falls with You. But she And th cat survived. Wow Yeah. So, okay, so a cat like And, a cat can be You said almost any size.


Yeah Oh. Yeah I mean, there's huge Cats. There's main coon Cats. That are giant. OUR OUR Cats are a little bit on th they're all, none of OUR Cats are purebred bread Cats. 'cause they're all Rescue Cats. So they th But th main coon Cats are giant I. Mean, I've seen, like, they're almost dog size Oh Wow. So And, th there's th real small ones. That, th munchkins. And That have th short legs. And That. They And. th you know, it's not really good to breed for certain thing, you know, it just seems uncomfortable for some of th Cats to Yeah to have like short legs And difficulty for them to get around. But Yeah, they, they come in all different sizes. And shapes, And larger or smaller, or some Cats are hairless. Some Cats are Oh damn completely fur, you know, furry.


Just So a cat can basically be almost any, like, how tall are th Cats You work with? Because th Cats I've seen are probably a lot of 'em are about this tall, probably. Well I guess that's, if they're just sitting up, if they're walking Yeah, Yeah. th that's I mean. It's kind of, there's a typical cat size. But th main coons are, th ones That are th giant Oh a main coon. th th Main coon Yeah. th main coons are th giant ones. You, you know, see people like what th record? Main coon And. They're holding it. And It takes two arms and I still, you know, hanging over their arms. So, Yeah, Yeah, And, Yeah. It's like a playing th base kind of Yeah And. Do You, do You employ any Maine coons No, because they really, We need small agile Cats to be Acro Cats. Okay? So for Acro Cats, we're talking a smaller cat.


We're talking Yeah. What's th premier size? Kind of like a for an Acro. Oh. th runts. th orphans. th runts. th strays. th ones with th with th Especially th ones with th attitude. With th troublemakers Oh. Really? Those make th best Acro catts. They do those, those little, like, 'cause they got like short cat syndrome. So they, they already have like a little chip on their shoulder. So they've got attitude And. They're, they're like, can You, you know, don't mess with me. I'll got, show them Yeah. I'm gonna show You. And Yeah. So Yeah, those make, those are th best Acro Kats And. They're a little bit on th smaller side, so they can do a lot more. Okay? They can climb higher. They can jump further Yeah. They just, it's just, they're more agile. So, Yeah, We, you know, We tend to employ strictly Rescue.


Cats, okay? No breads. Oh, really? Yeah. So You, guys. So Acro Cats is a lot of rescues. th Oh, Yes, Yes. They're all former orphans. Rescues. And Strays. Oh. Man. It's almost like th bad news bearers in a way, huh? You, you know, I That movie. Have You seen it? Yeah Yeah. It's Yeah. I've seen it. It's been a long time. Yeah. So, so I kind of Don't Really remember th premise. Yeah I think it was just some of th some of 'em were kind of like Yeah. Some of th kids were kind of like having a tough time. you know? It was like those type of kids. So, how Did you get started with Acro. Kats And. what is Acro Kats, first of all? So, I th Amazing Acro Kats, they're a troop of former orphan rescues.


And Strays. That have come into my life over th years. And, I've trained them to do awesome things, to show people That. Not only can Cats be trained Yeah, but they should be trained. So they travel around th country. We We. Now, tour in a large bus. We initially started out in a, in a small ambulance, And th slowly built up to this giant money pit of a bus. Yeah busing is expensive. Oh So expensive. So You guys were in an ambulance at, At one point, I started things. I started my career, you know, with, with an ambulance. Back, back in th days when I was wor, you know, doing rats, And, wildlife education, And, all of That. So, I've been wor, I've been working with animals since I was 10. Okay? Yeah.


So you've been working with animals since You was a child. Really? You was really just a child, animal worker. And, they And. So, You get started, You said, with rats first, I knew I wanted to be an animal trainer, since I was seven. Okay? So, You knew outta th gate. You wanted to be out there with them animals. Yes, And. How Did, you know, you'd be at a zoo or something would flare up in You when You would see an animal. Or how Did, you know, That, You loved them. Well, I, my parents did a, like a letter every year. Like, th those annoying Christmas letters, That, people send out detailing their whole, their whole year. Yeah Yeah. Like Patty got her a menstrual cycle or whatever. Yeah, Yeah, Danny's playing volleyball or whatever. Yeah. So my parents did one every year.


Yeah, We got those in OUR neighborhood. Some of 'em were too much like Oh, Yeah, Yeah. One, one year they sent, it was like, Ron left us, if anybody's seen or whatever, call us. And. We're like, this is for Christmas. Like, it was just, but some of 'em got a little invasive, but, okay, sorry. I interrupted. You, Yeah, Oh, No, Yeah. But, but, so, so, looking back through all those, those Christmas letters, I, it talked about how I all talked about wanting a cat. Wanting a cat. As soon as I was able to talk, I wanted a cat. And th I found a book. That was like a book about me. That. I had filled out when I was seven. Oh, Yeah, And. It said, when I grow up, I wanna be And. I, put on I, put I filled in. Animal trainer or Indian Oh. That's good. Yeah, Yeah.


And. That's kind of th th same thing, almost. 'cause th Indians were so close to nature. Really, you know, Yeah, Yeah, it really is kind of similar path. Yeah, I, guess Yeah spiritual connection with animals. Yeah. So, so You wanted to be really dialed in out of th gate. Oh. Yeah I knew what I wanted to do, right? From th get go. My parents, they had a different plan for me. What did they think? They wanted? I mean? They wanted th traditional I mean they sent me to college to get my MRS. My, they didn't care what I majored in, wanted to be a wife. A wife. As long as I came home with a husband, That That had a good degree in a future. Oh Yeah Yeah. That's what they wanted. They did not anticipate. th me being an entrepreneur, you know, entrepreneur, Yeah. I'm gonna start a business with rats. And. That's kind of how it got all started.


Right after college, I've moved to Chicago. And I was like, I'm gonna start a business with Rats. And, what made You Did? you see something? Did. you were You at a live event. Did, you s were You at a christening or a, were You at, like, you know, a, a performance of Phantom of th opera. Or like, what set made You think, okay, I'm gonna start tr doing a live performance at Animals. 'cause that's a real Yeah. th only people that's ever done That is Noah. Probably Noah's Ark And. God, probably Yeah Yeah Did. you see Yeah Did. you see a performance Did, you see something? That was like, Yeah Yes.


Actually, I watched a, a documentary on MoSo, who was th rat trainer for th original Ben And Willard movies. Okay, bring him up. Modus Esso. How do You spell It? Mo Mo Deso. Mo Deso. Yeah He was one of th original Hollywood animal trainers. He. He was my, my mentor. He was my I. Mean I saw his, this documentary, That He did. On th on th Discovery Channel, back when they showed animal, you know, when they showed stuff like real things on Discovery, Channel Yeah. and he It was like behind th scenes training of th rats for this movie. And I was like, Yes, this is what I wanna do with my life. I wanna train animals for film. And television. And And I ended up getting to meet him.


Animal trainer, Mo Desso, who trained such notable animal stars as Ben th rat And, Annie's dog. Sandy died July 2nd in New Hall, California. He was 83. He trained over 600 rats for th two Rodent horror hits. Winning a Patsy Award for directing Ben th Rat in Willard. And, another sequel for Ben Wow. So He could really conduct a rat Oh. He could train any animal. He was just amazing. I I was so thrilled. 'cause I ended up getting stranded in California. I was working on a rat documentary. And. Part of it was filmed in Los Angeles in th summer. And I got stuck there because of a heat embargo. So, I couldn't get my rats back to Chicago.


So, you're there, you're working on a rat documentary. Yes Called, it was called Rat. Okay, rat Yeah, Mark Lewis. It was Mark Lewis kind of gave me my big break. It was far as working on documentaries. And, getting my first really big break. And as far as training rats. So, it was, it was so serendipitous how every how everything happened, really, my whole, you know, th whole life story from, you know, th th rats to th you know, to th Cats. But, but I was out. I was working on th documentary for th th other part of th documentary. We'd film th first part in, in, in New York. And th We finished it in Los Angeles. There's a heat, you know, during th summer, You cannot fly Animals in Cargo.


So my rats were And I were stuck in California. Oh. So, I looked up Mosso Yeah. And I drove out to his ranch. No And I introduced myself, And. They welcomed me into their home. I stayed with them for about three weeks or so. I cleaned every inch of his, of his place, his training room. I organized his training room. I, I I just worked every day. They'd have to drag me in for meals. I And th he, he worked with me every day through training. I learned so much from him. And, And. you know, when I left, he cried. When I left. know I was like th daughter, That. He'd always wanted And. and he, in a way, He was like, th father. That I wished I'd had, because my parents, you know, they liked animals, but they weren't like true animal lovers. Yeah.


They didn't love 'em like You did. Yeah. I mean I loved them right from th beginning. I mean, just It was drawn. I was drawn to them. It just, it was my life calling. So, You, leave out of there. th documentary gets finished. And. Now you're a rat trainer. Yeah. And can. I'm a rat trainer. And And. th I end up being a chicken trainer after That. 'cause Mark Lewis did a, a film called th Natural History of, of Chickens. He hired me can for, for That to train th chickens. And I didn't know anything about chickens. When I took That job. Yeah Oh Yeah. Who could Yeah? It was I mean. Back. th th internet. There was just, there was some Yahoo groups. And. And. So, I I mean, and he was a tough guy to work for too. I mean he If. you did If. you did. If things did not go right, I, he would just yell, yell at You like two inches from your face.


I mean, just, he Was intense. Huh? Oh He was so intense. And, I, I saw, there were nights when I worked on th Rat film. I cried every night. But It was, know He was so good, He, he really knew what he Wanted. Really? what And you saying? what? Saying like, dammit, get these rats to do it, or whatever. Yeah It was just, he was very hardcore. Just And. you know, very few people survived working for a ma a Mark Lewis film Yeah. But his, his, his film was what, you know, won award. So, when he asked And, when he asked me back to do th chicken I, I didn't get yelled at. you know, th entire shoot, I mean I. Nobody can have a conversation with me during th chicken training part portion. 'cause I was learning about chickens. There were so many things That could go wrong with this chicken training thing. I'm sure it's Yeah.


Even just th term chicken training, Yeah, it sounds like it's not gonna work out. Oh Yeah, I had to get, chick I had to have a white soaky hen go broody, which means they lay, they lay on eggs, right? So, And, th once th chicken, once I found a chicken, they actually laid eggs. Yeah, because this broodiness has been bred out of them over th years, because most people want 'em for food, or just egg Yeah. They want to lay 'em every day, Just Yeah. They don't want 'em to, to lay on them. So, I had all these white silky chickens, found one That laid eggs. And sat on them. So th I had to take th eggs, And, put, replace 'em with golf balls. Keep th eggs safe. th transport That chicken to somewhere in th south.


It was, I was somewhere in th out in th country with these chick working on these chicken with these chickens. So, I had to get them on th flight. Get them to th location. And th put th eggs in an incubator. And, on th exact day, That He needed to shoot these chickens hatching. They had to hatch. So, It, it. There's so many things That could have gone wrong. Oh Yeah. There so many things. That. Well, You were playing God at That point in a Way. Oh, Yeah, It. I mean It was so still so stressful. I had to train a, a rooster to crow on com on Q. So, And I had No I. I mean I was really, you know, I. I was, I was self-taught. This is pre-internet. This is before You could look up all th things. And just find answers. I mean, I was And.


what do You do? You. Don't t do You tickle 'em or whatever. what do You do to get a rooster to do it? Well, You would find You, You You. Find out what make them, would make them crow naturally. So they actually, they kind of trained me. So I'd have a rooster in th downstairs with a baby monitor. So I'd be upstairs, And, anytime I heard That Rooster Crow, I'd go running downstairs. And th I'd wave an American flag. And, click And, treat And. Give th you know, because I I knew about clicker training at That Point. So, I would click And, treat And, give th rooster, you know, a reward for, for crowing. So, I also, but I also knew That. I needed to put it on a queue. So, That, it couldn't just I. We couldn't be waiting around for It to crow.


I needed to signal right for It to Crow. So, that's what th flag was for, for, so, Th flag would be like, I'm waving th flag. It's still crowing. I'm waving th flag. I'm clicking And, treating And And, not really knowing what I'm doing, just hoping it's gonna work. Create A pattern. Yeah, Yes, Yes, And, You. you know, I And. People would be trying to talk to me. And. I'd be like, what? what if I taught th chicken to follow a ribbon? And And. and we could put That ribbon on th camera. And. th th chicken would follow That camera everywhere, because We need those camera. Like right now, right in th camera shots. I mean nobody could talk to me about anything, because I was so hyperfocused on making these chickens perfect for this, for this film. Wow And, It I mean it, it was, it turned out beautifully. I. Mean I couldn't believe how, how I all my hard work paid off Wow Yeah.


So, it was it, but I, you know, really, really, that's pretty Remarkable. Yeah. I mean it really, considering I didn't really know anything about chickens when I took need job. Yeah, Yeah And. It seems like an insane job to take And do Oh, Yeah Yes And th to pull It off. Yes And to pull it off. And not get screamed at once. That entire shoot. That's Oh. Yeah. That was Oh. That was amazing. Wow. So, You got th rooster crowing. You got, you've You are working with th chickens. So, how do You th turn it over into Acro rats. You started with, well, I started with th Rats. Rats were first. So I had, can, after I met MoSo. I had an idea.


That, when I moved to Chicago, I had, at this point, I've had rats since I was 16. So, okay, I I knew That. So, you've been a rat owner. You've been, you've had 'em. Yeah. Yeah I knew how smart they were. I knew how, just, just one of th most trainable smart animals ever And. They're also misunderstood. Really? So, I've always been drawn to those kind of social rejects of Oh, Yeah, th animal world. th th th rats. Th underdogs. Th underdogs. Exactly. th underdogs. So I, so I started putting, putting, you know, I I was like, I bet. You I could put a little show together. I'm gonna teach these rats to do tricks. And And. I'm gonna, you know, put a little show together that'll get some attention to these rats. And, th Maybe. I'll get That film. That Big, you know, break That. I wanted.


So, I was working at a pet shop at th time. And And. Where in Chicago? Yeah. In Chicago. Okay. I was a Newton Aquarium. And. th th owner was a monster. Oh, really? But Oh, Yeah He was, He was just th worst human ever. Why was He even in th game? Why was He even in th th Th money, th money And And In th pet Money. Well, there was other things he was doing. They, well, He was getting fish, you know, in from other countries. And. There were more, there was more in, with th fish. th messed, like, Renaming 'em, not selling appropriate. No No. They, there, there were, you know, th fish That, he were, he was getting shipped in. There's white styrofoam on th bottom, right?


Oh, those other things getting shipped in as well. Other th things He was shipping in under th So, It was probably a front Yeah. So It was a front, but he also was, if He his, his idea was like, if I, if I get a hundred of these, I get a huge discount. If I get a hundred of these anomalies, if I get a hundred of these Burmese pythons, And, if they all die, and I still just want, I'll still make a profit. Wow And. So he didn't care about th animals. So, I came in And, I, of course, cared about th animals. I'm working overtime. I'm taking th animals home. And, separating all th snakes, And feeding them so they don't eat each other. And, You, you know, can, so I can, I'm going to th library, And researching on how to take care of these animals. So, I was in charge of th rodents, And, th reptiles section. And I was making And. They're art nemesis, aren't they?


Well, Yeah Yeah, there's, they, they are not friends. So, th re you know, th rodents were downstairs. And th th reptiles were upstairs. And I. So can, learning about them, you know, having to go to th library, you know, Yeah creating these C cards. So, That I, when people came in, I could, I could educate them on, like, okay, You are interested in buying this particular lizard. Well, this is what needs, what You need to take care of It And. It's gonna need a, he, you know, a heating light, And, a rock, And, all these various things. And. So, so, I did all my research. And, And. I was really I mean. I. I did love, need job. But I, he was just a monster. Yeah, And, And at That Point, I had my little rat show trained up And. I had Oh. Perfect. So, You got th rats. You, they're performing now, but Yeah, they're performing in nightclubs, And things like That.


Okay? Now, so That sounds like Yeah. I would love to see That. And. It's something that's important. th rats are performing in nightclubs, Yeah with You as th trainer. Yes. They're not Yes, okay? Yeah. So, with You as th trainer, th rats are performing at nightclubs. And, You guys are, how many rats are in th show? Oh. There's probably Oh Maybe. 6, 6, 6 or seven rats, And, you know, they'd climb up ladders, they'd jump through hoops. They'd even bowl And I. th best trick was they would run, they'd, they'd drive up into, in, in an ambulance, And. th they would go up a fire truck into a burning little kid's house with, you know, fake flames. Of course, And. There'd be a doll in th in th house.


So th th rats would go up th ladder, Rescue th doll, come back down. And put it into th ambulance. No Way. Yeah. So, It was it. They were so much fun to teach And work, work with And. People were just amazed at these rats are doing these, these amazing tricks. th so, they're th Amazing, Acro Rats. And I had little business cards made up. That said, th rat company trained Acro Rats for all occasions. Film, television, live shows. And I told everybody at work, That, someday somebody's gonna walk in That door, And, they're gonna need a rat for a movie. And, I'm gonna be ready for it. Right? Wow, right? So, it, so That was a lot of your ambition. So you'd seen Mo Desso have this. You'd seen That documentary, And. th it had an effect on You, And.


th next, you know, You end up out there, You end up get to getting to work with him. So now you're really feeling like you're on th right path. Yeah. Okay? So, You have th You have th rat show going in Chicago. Yeah, Yes And. You're performing where you're performing after hours in th Yeah Pet Shop. Yeah No. I'm not in th pets pet store, but I'm work. I'm like, after hours And nightclubs. Okay? I was taking th rats And, you know, they'd hire me to, to bring th rats in. Or actually You, you know, I don't even know if I got really hired or so Maybe. It was just kind of a pass th hat side kind of thing. 'cause, you know, any opportunity I had to train these rats. Yeah I touch. But how do You even approach That? 'cause in th beginning, If, you say, Hey, I'm gonna come in later. I'm gonna bring in a couple rats. I think people are gonna be like, I don't know.


you know, or people, or like, how do You have That initial conversation with some of th performance venues, And stuff? Well, It was Chicago I. Chicago's was very, you know, kind of open-minded. They know they, they liked anything, you know, interesting And, different Yeah, And I had, my roommate had connections with certain nightclubs at That Point. So, so, you know, she hooked me up with some of th nightclub people. And th word Spread That. you know, there's Rat Lady. But who comes to th show? Is it just people are at th nightclub, Yeah. But it's already staged performance at th nightclub And. It's like, now we're gonna have th and Acro Ratts Yeah. Now th Aqua Ratts are gonna perform. We're gonna do a couple shows. And It, you know, It was just, it was just fun. It know, it was basically, I'm just trying to get attention to these rats, hoping That, I'm gonna get this break at some point.


So That I can get to th next level. Okay, And. So, how does That start to happen? How does do You get a break? That's, Well, th Big Break came in. th and when I was in th pet when I was working at th pet store, okay, waiting with my little business card, you know, th rat company, I named my company. th Rat Company. Yeah Yeah trained Rats for all occasions. Film, television, live shows, waiting for That moment, That Big Break, And. These two guys walk into th pet store. And. They're like, We, need a rat We need a couple rats for film. Hey And. I'm like, I got I, got your rats. I'll even, they can even answer a toy telephone. I'll do it for free, just for th movie credit. So, I got need job. 'cause my price was great. And I, And, because th my boss was kind of a dream.


Squasher, And, And with th movie industry. They don't give You a lot of notice. They call me on a Friday. They say, okay, your, your day's on Monday. That's Showbiz Yeah. Yep. So, I asked for th Day off And. They said, Nope, sorry, And. So th I quit my job. I put my full time job for a one day non-paying film shoot with rats. And, Wow. And. It was, it was my big break. It was Yeah. It wa I. I mean, everything happened after That. WGN showed up. Okay, so, hold on. So let's so You, get th break. You. Go to th set You. Do th shoot with th Rats. And. How did they pull it off? Oh. th I mean, they, they th Rats did perfectly. Yeah I went out to th Yeah. I mean I went, I went out there th day, th day before with approximate location, You practice with them.


And, everything Rehearsed them. So I kind of knew what th you know what, so they were pattern And, You Pat talk 'em on th way in, like, look, guys, this is it. Like, do You feel like You have That? you know, That You can create That ambiance with them. That You guys are Oh Yeah Partners of crime, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We're just I mean. There's like, it's really hard to, Like, That Phil Jackson kind of with 'em, you know, it's, It's, there's this, like, it's like a, almost like a, an an electric field. So, especially when you're working on a, on a set with an animal, And, You can't be right next to them. So, you've, you've done your training, you've done your prep with th rat or any animal, right? And. Now you're off camera. And, You have to send in th rat or whatever animal it is to do what you've trained them to do.


And, You are not, You can't be next to them. Yeah. So there, there's this like, electric feel, like a communication going where, right? you know, like, God, Yeah, Just like, you know, you've got this, you've got this, you've got this. Do this. Do th you know, And, And And it. When it, when it comes together, And, it's such a magical moment. When And, they just pull it off. And. I mean, th th whole crew applauds, I. I mean it. They just, everybody was just amazed. That, That. This just That, this happened, right? And th a film crew showed up. you know, th news crew, because they heard That. There was gonna be a rat lady, you know, on, on th movie sets Yeah. So they coined me, th Rat Lady of Chicago Oh, God beautiful Yeah.


So th C, NN picked it up. And broadcast this, you know, all over th country, And. Next thing you know, I'm flying to Italy to be on this show with th Amino Dato show on Christmas Eve with my trained rats. And. It just snowballed from there. I mean. So, You flew over there for Christmas Eve to be on an Italian television show. Yes And. How many rats do You have with You? I had about six rats with me. Oh, Yeah, And. th Th Yeah And. what did, do You Remember any of th names? Do You. Remember any of th Oh? Probably th Jasper And Ramsey And, Cicero And I named a lot of 'em. I named I started naming 'em after Streets in Chicago. So, I had th Cicero, And, Harlem, And Yeah, Jasper Ramsey came later on. But Yeah, so a lot of 'em were, were Chicago streets.


So, Gunshot would be one of 'em. Yeah Gunshot Gun Shot's. A cute name, actually, Wow. So You have these rats. And You guys are over there. You. Remember That? Was it Christmas Eve? what was it? Yeah? It was Christmas Eve And, a show called th Me th tomato Show, And. They didn't gimme an earpiece for translation. So, th guy is like, And. I'm like, like, No way You just Can, like, know what you're saying. You're just sitting there, And, th guy is speaking. what? It It. you know, he's fiance. I'm in Italy, so He's speaking Italian, Yeah He speaking, Italian And I. Don't know any Italian can I. I'm like, like, don't know what you're saying. When he realized That, I didn't know, like I didn't know what he, I didn't have my earpiece.


So th He translate. Luckily, He knew He. He both knew. He knew Italian And English. So th He would re repeat th question in English. And th I would answer And th he would translate it back. So Wow, so It was saved. But It was a, there was a deer in th headlights moment of like, Oh No, Because You are also a very attractive woman. And. Was there ever any of these guys trying to like, hit on You? Was there like a lot of love interest going on? Surprisingly, I did really well. And, you know, it is in spite of being th rat lady And, having rats crawling all over me. Oh, what? Much better th th cat thing where th cat thing was a real game killer. But th but th as th rat lady I mean, I did get, you know, I did have a lot. I. Mean, I had stalkers.


That. Oh really Yeah. They, it was crazy. I had a guy show up in a limo outside of my house, A rich stalker. Yeah Yeah. He was young. He was very young. And, apparent. Yeah. Apparently he had money. and he been, you know, like, just kinda an adoring fan. And wanted to take me for a limo ride. And. I'm like, well, I don't really know You, But You got go, huh? Well, I, I sat And had a drink with him in th limo, And. So, I'm like, like, got, like, let You drive off with me in this limo, but I'll, I'll sit down here with You for, for a bit. 'cause I mean, I mean after th th whole, you know, WGN Chicago, VE own Rat Lady And. th C, NN And, th th th flying out to Italy. th th things just like Snowballed I was like, on all th big talk shows.


And, Geraldo, And, th poll. Sure. He had That series back. th Yeah Yeah, Yeah Oh Polly's World was a Yeah. It was a two part episode. Wow, where I trapped, where I lock him in th room overnight with all th rats. Really? Yeah, Pauly L, Yeah And did, was Pauly flirting with You. He likes th ladies You. you know, if he was, I wasn't picking up on It Oh, because I really wasn't even familiar with him. I didn't even know who this guy was. I'm like, why is he what? He what? What's his weasel thing He keeps talking about? know Yeah. Because th th We th weasel And. th rats. That's really Yeah. Just Know it's th same marsupials I think They, they're well weasels. Well, rod Yeah, it's rodent Yeah Yeah ro I. Don't think weasels are rodents.


They're, they're weasels are more th th like th ferret Group And. you know, rats, And And are rodents. So, Yeah I, don't think th weasel And. th rats are really related, but they might be enemies. Yeah per s Yeah, Yeah I can, can see That. So things really start going, Yeah. th rat game is good. You're out there And. You're And like, what's th show? How long is th show with th rats? Oh th show's like Maybe, 10, 12, 15 minutes or so of me Oh, my God. So, you're crushing It Yeah, And. Are people paying You good money to come? And Perform No. Not really. I. I mean it, It was, it was It was just I mean. It was decent money. th I, I mean. It also was a nightclub.


I got free drink. So Yeah, so th and th whatever tips I might get, they might pay me a nominal fee. 'cause I also, at That Point, I had, you know, other animals. I had, you know, snakes. So they would hire me sometimes to walk around with a snake at, at a club And. Such so, you know, It was It. th kind of, you know, it was back in th th nineties. So, You You got paid a nominal amount. And th free drinks. So, Yeah, it's That. It was like fun. And. You're getting to, you know, meet all these interesting people. And kind of get paid a little bit to do it. And, And, you know, And have fun. And just kinda build a name. Yeah And, you know, get known like I mean, I became, I was like th rat Lady of Chicago. It was I, And And. It all stemmed from this whole idea.


That I had And. th th guys walking in That Pet Store. what are th chances That happening? I'm there. I, take I can get th movie Job. I, quit my job without hesitation. And. Bam. It just snowballs into all of these things. Yeah, Yeah, It, It It was very exciting. I mean Yeah. Look, I, if anybody knows th Rat World know, you know, It And? Love it. you know, you know It, And? Love it. Yeah. I'm a rat. And. I'm a rat at heart. I've got th heart of a large rat. Probably And. That's normal. I. Think Yeah.


So, if you're selling something online, it's Well, It can be hectic. I. Remember when We first started, OUR online store? It was, it was We. Were piecemealing it. We, were trying to figure it out all ourselves. And It was, it was a nightmare. But things changed with Shopify. That's right. A lot of times success with selling online comes By having a successful sales platform helping You, that's where Shopify comes in. Nobody does selling better. th Shopify home of th number one checkout on th planet. And. th not so secret. Secret. With Shop Pay That boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts going, abandoned, And, way more sales going. Upgrade your business. And. Get th same checkout. That Allbirds, a low And skims uses Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Theo, TH E, o, all lowercase. Just go to Shopify dot com slash TN h E to upgrade your selling. Today Shopify dot com slash Theo.


And, how do You get into? Because now, I mean what you've been most known for now would be th Acro Kats Yeah. Now, And, I'm know Yeah known for th for th and Acro Catt. So And. But how do You get to That? How do You get from I mean from rats to Cats? I mean, one could say, it'd be easy to see how You would get there. Well, Cats Cats are, Cats are notoriously difficult to, to work with. I had experimented putting a cat in one of my shows early on. Oh with th Rats. Yeah with th rats. No. I had a, a Yeah. I had it. Like It It was supposed to pull a sled. And th Rats had little Santa Hats on it. Course And, th cat. Of course, th cat was, you know, gonna, you know, wear like antlers, And pull, th sled It worked in th and it worked perfectly in rehearsal at home.


Everything was great. And th I tried it, you know, in a live atmosphere. And, th cat was like, whew, forget this. Just zips Acro. th stage. And. th rats are like, you know, popping out of th sleigh. you know, they're all finding out Yeah. They're lost Yeah. They're doing Yeah, Yeah. They're just like, what's going on? you know, Yeah Th things have changed. Somebody called an audible. They're doing lines from McBath up there. And shit. Yeah, Th cat. A abandons. th sled, th rats crawl back in. th sled And just sit there waiting for th you know, what's next? That. th cat was crazy. Yeah. So th so I was like, ah. So I didn't work with Cats for, for a long time, but years later, I, I, I had, I had been working as a wildlife educator, because It I, one point, I discovered I couldn't make a living on just rats. So I kind of expanded.


And. I was, I was working pretty steadily. Teaching kids, you know, schools, And libraries, all about wildlife. And. So, at That Point, You kind of given up on th rat, are You. Did Oh, No, I, still th rat thing. Are You still doing I still I still doing th rats. I'm still know, I'm still getting all th rat work. you know, you know, I was getting any, like, music, videos, any horror movies, anything. That came into town. That needed a trained rat, or any Rat Work. Any rat work. I'm getting th rat work. You're th baby. So, I am th one to come to for th rats. Oh. Ba. That's Yeah. God, that's so good. Yeah. And. th what about, so, you're getting th rat work. You're also realizing th but this, but You also, but You start to realize That, it's not enough income. Yeah, Yes, Yeah, And. Where are th rats living? th rats living with You.


Oh Always. All th animals always live with me. All th time. Like, it's never been a separation of, of me And. th animals And. Would y'all sleep in separate rooms? Or what's That like? Th I had a rat room at one point. I was a landlord's worst nightmare. Really? I mean I mean I. Just those rats were I. Mean, I had th whole room full of 'em, just dedicated to th rats. And, And. Would they get out? Sometimes? I mean, they chewed, they chewed a hole in th screen of th of th apartment. I was in I, like I said, move every like, three to six Months. So, I saying, Brett Demp, that's a, That's can on a sidewalk. And, I'm, look, I'm looking up, you know, at my second floor apartment, And I. See rats on th ledge? And. I was like, what's going, why are th rats out on th ledge?


And, I, go upstairs. And. I'm like, Oh. They chewed a hole through th screen. Yeah, And, they were climbing. Acro th ledge, And th hopping in th window to th rest of my house. So I'm like, Oh. Well, so, you know, I had to do some patchwork. And And such, but th Yeah, they mean they just, Because they like to now do You. Think That. They didn't wanna be a part of th show anymore. Or are they like Oh No? They were just being rats. I mean I. They, they had a whole room. I wanted them to have freedom. Oh, Yeah, baby And, And, And have, you know, 'cause there were ropes, And, ladders, And, all sorts of toys in there for them. So, but there're also rats. They are gonna do what? Rats do. Their rodents. They're gonna chew Oh. Yeah. Rats are gonna do rats. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That's And. And, Yeah. So there, And, there was a lot of 'em. Because, you know, also, th especially for Halloween, you know, th That was a big know, hiring time for me with, with th rats.


And, be th you know, th like, I don't have th rat lady of, you know, in a haunted house, And such so, but Yeah. th th right? you know, th rats, And, all th animals. I raised all my animals from babies And. They were, you know, part of, you know, part of my daily life. I took them everywhere with me. And, you know, I'm their mom. you know, you have to, especially if you're working with any animal in any kind of public setting. You, you know, You need to acclimate them to That early on. And, that's, that's a, you know, it's a lot of work. And, dedication to Yeah. Be carting around. you know, I'd be walking down th street. I'd be pushing a stroller or carrying a carrier full of rat. you know, people be like, they'd have this look on their face, like, Oh I. Can't wait to see what's in th carrier. and th I'd just see their face drop when they'd see That.


It was rats, And. They were like, th th collar drains out of their face. And, they Can't handle it. Yeah, Yeah. They're like, Oh. But see, 'cause th rats are just misunderstood, but they're such wonderful pets. And I turned so many people into rat lovers, I convince parents to get your child a rat. Not a hamster. They're just misunderstood. It's just th name. But they're th best. They won't ever bite your child. They're, they'll, they'll come. th th You can teach 'em names. You can teach 'em tricks. They, they are affectionate. They're th best pet That. You can, You can buy for a child. But, you know, it was It was I. So I turned a lot of people into wrap numbers. Yeah. Well, We, one of my first jobs was selling hamsters. When I was growing up. We used to sell 'em outside of raves. And concerts. And I grew up in a hamster breeding area.


And. So you'd see a lot of rodents, small rodents, small ground game. th Rob Barovsky were th ones That were sold. th I, dunno if you're familiar with That Strand of 'em, but That was th like, kind of th popular strand of Amp That was going on in area. Bring it up. th Rob Barovsky If. you can there. Ben If. you don't mind. Yeah. This is th dwarf hamsters. These are a lot of what We were peddling back in th day. Yeah Oh, Yeah, No, I. I had I had hamsters growing up, too beautiful And. A lot of That market went to Russia eventually, or they started getting these Russian imported hamsters, And That for a while. That killed a lot of th like, they started getting more like th red eye, th small white red-eyed hamsters.


Still cute, but not what a lot of kids were looking for. Really? And That, really I think a lot had to do with like, a lot of That, Stephen King kinda when he, you know, when That kind of stuff took off. But, so You really were like a mother to a lot of these rats. Oh, Yeah I mean I, You, you know, hand raised them all. And Did. you ever get any issues with th actual mother of th rats? Was there ever any moments where You had to be like, let them know That. They, it was a shared territory, or That. You were just there to help. I mean, it's, it's I. It just, I didn't like take th rats away from their mother prematurely. But, but as soon as they were weaned, I mean, th mom Rats isn't really like, these are my children. I wanna take care of them. you know, Oh, she's not Yeah, No.


They're like, just go, can tired, tired of y'all. So And, you know, once, once they're weaned, you know, th I'd start to, you know, I'd carry 'em around in my pocket, or, you know, you know, on my shoulder, And, they'd be in my hair, you know, just I camera on everywhere. That's Beautiful. Yeah. So That, they were, you know, they were like, you know, part of, you know, part of me And. They, they were very comfortable, Yeah Yeah, you know, to be held And, to be on me. They'd be you, you know, my shoulder. They'd go to someone else's shoulder, back to my shoulder. They, you know, very personable. They've got such great personalities. They're just misunderstood. So, You know, You say, I've heard You say, That misunderstood. Yeah And. Look, baby girl, I, think it's beautiful. That, You love these animals so much.


I. Think it's just important to find something to love. you know, And, Yeah, what's so misunderstood about 'em? Do You feel like, well, they Just have a bad reputation now, Whack. How did they get it, though? Well, I mean they started it. Yeah. They did. But I mean, well, th th whole th th I love them. th th th th robotic Play, right? th play didn't help Th play. Yeah That didn't help And. th of course, there always play villains in th movies. So th you know, th th right? you know, th Willard, th band and th Willard movies. Chuck E Cheese, they tried to bring 'em back. And give him a little bit of That was kind of some good pr I feel like, Well, Yeah, but it's still like, you know, just That we're rat. you know, they were Rat. Oui helped some Yeah. That did, definitely did help. Help some And And people have are definitely I mean, there's now there's rat fancier Yeah I mean, there's, there's a lot of people.


There's a lot of Rat ladies out there now. Oh, I'm a damn Rat. King. I mean OUR. OUR tour is Return of th Rat tour. Yeah Oh. That's OUR standup comedy tour is th return of th Rat Tour And. So, I I certainly get That. Some people don't understand th value of a rat Yeah Yeah. It just, it's just, you know, th name Rat. So, sometimes I tell people it was a, a African gerbil or a Honduran hamster hum Honduran long-tailed hamster And That changes their Attitude. So, right? and th th they're like, Oh, okay. It's kind of cute. And. th like, two months later, I'll be like, it's actually a rat. But they're th they're in love. They're Already in love Yeah. So Yeah, so And Or one of these Jamaican branch kittens or whatever, And You Trick 'em or whatever. Yeah, And And.


It's just Yeah. It's just, I'm like, Yeah. It's just your buddy. It's your buddy Marvin, or whatever, or whatever. Jaylin And know I had to ship 'em, you know, if I had to, if I had to transport them, 'cause I would, I was flying out, you know, being flown to places, you know, Los Angeles to do things, And. So I'd have to bring, you know, get th rat. Take th th rats on th flight. And, I'd, I'd have th health certificate say, you know, Honduran long-tailed hamster, because If, you got th wrong person. And, they saw rats. They don't want rats on their plane. Yeah. So I just put it on th you know, th death. They don't Want us Anywhere. Certificate. and th they'd be like, they look a lot like rats And. I'm like, Yeah, don't they? Yeah And a little bit. Yeah Yeah. It's very, it's a very exotic cancer. That does look a bit like rats. Yeah, And. what was your life like personally at th time?


Like, what was your, were You married, were You single. Never Married. Never Married. No No. When you know what You wanna do when you're seven years old, You, And, That was, it was my life. Dream You can't, like I. I mean marriage is a job. I mean, it's Yeah. I mean, it's all, it's all fun. And romance. And Yeah. In th beginning, And And, but If, you, If. you have a If. you actually sign th paper. And You. Have a partnership with somebody. Now, your actions affect them. And. I wanted to be able to hop on a flight. And, take a job anywhere, you know, be okay. Because I knew what I wanted to do at such a young age. And. th you know, my life decisions would be affecting another person.


If I, if I got married, And, That's too much. So, Yeah, And, I. I wanted my freedom. I wanted freedom to pursue my passion. My dream, what I wanted to do since I was seven. Yeah is to so It. It. It was just not And. My parents, they were married for 54 years. Wonderful marriage. Like, literally like, honey, I'm home. It, there was No arguing in th house. It was, it was just L. Like out of It was like, out of th out of a movie. It was like Pleasantville. I always tell people, I came from Pleasantville. But It seemed a little, you know, boring. And, stifling And. I wanted to adventure, And, excitement. And, go places, And do things. And train, you know, train animals for film. And television, And, And, you know, I loved horror movies. So obviously rats were th way to go.


And. So Yeah it just so I never Yeah did not go to take th marriage route. Yeah I Did not do. That were You. Was there love at some point? And. It was just Did. you ever Did you ever date a man And, they just couldn't accept. th Anna Amalia. That was in your life. I mean I. I've You, you know, I've had, I've had great romances. I I mean, I've had boyfriends throughout th years. And And, you know, wonderful love affairs. And. And, really, you know, relationships, That Yeah know, a lot of times It would, it would kind, I'd kind of have to break up with them in th spring, because It was baby season. So when baby season came around, And, I'm re And. I'm bottle feeding. you know, animals, I, it's really hard to maintain.


th th th romantic relationship. Yeah. It's hard to breastfe a man. If. you bottle feed An animal just like I'm bottle feeding, you know, And, I'm like, sorry, I mean, ve got bottle feed. These, you know, animals like, you know, like round th clock. But that's an excuse. I. Think You hear a lot from women. They're like, Oh, I have to wash my hair. I have to bottle feed these animals. I have To bottle feed these animals. But Yeah, I, think that's something That, sometimes You would hear a lot. Like, I've definitely heard That from girls before. I have to bottle feed these animals. Yeah, Oh, Yeah, We have to redo th stairs at my dad's house. Whatever. I'm like, It's another excuse. Yeah, just Oh. Yeah, definitely. I'm getting my teeth remodeled or whatever. I'm like, you're lying to me. I think, well, You don't like Yeah.


like I can show You. th baby animals can bottle feeding. And And. There some, there were some That actually wanted to participate. Yeah, And, And. you know, so I mean, I've had boyfriends And relationships throughout th years. It, it's, but I, just I just never wanted to, you know, I've even had th marriage proposals. Like they want, really, they wanted Yeah. They wanted to marry me. 'cause I, I, I'm Yeah. I'm a real, I'm actually a really great girlfriend. And, you know, can I be bet You are, can I'm, I'm loyal. And driven, And creative, And, you know, but I still have a fun side. And. And. I'm smart. And, you know, can just, like, there's a lot of, a lot of things, but I'm not I. Don't wanna do dishes.


And, And, I don't want to do That. Whole housewife stuff, Right? You don't wanna be a housewife. I Don't wanna be a housewife. And And, so many, you know, that's You. Wanna be Tarzan's wife, kind of I, Just Yeah. I. Just want to have Yeah. I. Don't wanna, but so many. That's th end game is It is just like, it's got lead somewhere. So it's not gonna lead to marriage. And, You doing my laundry, Right? I want to be able to have my own freedom. I want do Yeah. I want to live my life th way. I wanna live. It, No. I certainly understand That, Yeah. I. I mean I. Understand That, a hundred percent. I didn't for years. I didn't. When people were married, I was like, what do You even mean? You're married. That seems crazy to me. But like, it took me a long time to even consider being married one day for so long.


I was just so can, not against it, but I just wanted to live. I wanted to be free. Yeah, Yeah, And, see who I was or who I wasn't without also affecting somebody else. you know, too heavily Yeah. But th even in relationships, I've I haven't done a th best job of being a relationship, man. I, wanna get into th Cats? you know, I'm glad That You talked about th rats, because, you know, rats are near And, dear to my heart in th sense of being That underdog, being That. Animal That doesn't get looked at twice sometimes, you know, or people would rather look at it, almost disapprovingly before they even give it a chance.


Yeah to look at It, even just with a look of possibility, right? Rats don't really get That very much. Now, how do You get to th Cats? How do You start catting around And, just so We know. So we're talking a regular size cat. How tall is it? can just, Well, if, if We had one of what of 'em in here, you'd be able to see How tall is a cat? Yeah? can You pull, look, That up, Yeah. It's how tall is a regular cat. It's A, like, I mean. It would be about 10 inches. Yeah. Yeah Th Oh, 9.1 to 9.8 inches. Wow. Okay, so Yeah about 10 inch Cat Yeah Yeah.


So a 10 inches in height. Okay. How do You get into Cats? How do We get to Acro Kats? How do We get to? 'cause I'll tell You what happened for me was my ex-girlfriend loved Cats And. She had two Cats, And, And. I didn't. I was always, I've always been skeptical of Cats, to be honest with You. I've been skeptical of a lot of stuff. And Cats was one of those things. And Yeah know. My stepdad would always even say stuff like, He would call th cat's name sometimes, like, even in th neighborhood. Or he'd call 'em like, homosexuals or whatever. Just say, you know, S, just stuff You say to Cats or whatever.


And. So I was always like, Oh man, I. Don't know if Cats are okay or not. And And, th Mike Ex's girlfriend had two Cats. She loved them. And. She has been your show before. Oh And. She loved It And. So she was telling me about it one time. And It just blew my mind. I was like, there's somebody just carting Cats around. And just do And. They're th Cats are doing shows. And performing, And, putting on shows. And, It, just I mean. It just shook me to my th core of my curiosity. Yeah, you know, Yeah. Where'd she see th show? I wanna say she saw it in Portland? Oregon. Oh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. We've not been able to make It back out far. This is years ago. That, far West. Yeah.


We've post Covid. It's, you know, we've had been a lot of struggles getting us getting things back, but We have not been able to get all th way back out to Oregon yet. But We always did love going to th West Coast Yeah. So, when before everything fell apart, What fell apart? Oh. th th Oh. There was a series of, of things. Well, I I got diagnosed with cancer. Oh You did. can Yeah so can Very sorry to hear That. And. Th But I was cured. I went through treatment, was cured. Oh. I'm happy to hear That. So, I I had, so I took one year off to, to get my health back. And th th Next year, I was immediately back out on tour, did a nine month tour With th cat. Acro Catts. With th with th Cats. Okay. And.


Right. you know, at th end of That tour, a driver That We had had for four or five years scammed me. And tried to basically steal th bus. So It just wiped us out financially. And be just as We. Were trying to explore th options of trying to bring justice to what has happened. Covid hits. So, you know, We, it was just bam, bam, bam. Man. Yeah. So And th because th bus set for two years without being able to tour, when We finally got it back, And, th We had to undo all th damage That this guy had done. Because he was, he was supposed to be converting another bus first.


'cause he said, this bus is No good. It's dangerous to drive. We'll, we'll get, we'll get, find a shell of a, a bus And. th I'll transfer everything over to th you know, that's usable. th He lie. He'll, he was like, all It was all a lie. It was all a lie. In th meantime, he was just retrofitting. th my bus That was actually perfectly fine. Or there's issues with it. But It was not a death trap. Like he said, it was Yeah. and he stripped th wrap off of It. 'cause it was a gor, you know, covered with Cats. It was gorgeous. Wrap, stripped th wrap off of It. He's tore out. th interior took, took out all th cat, you know, ification th kitten City area. He just demolished. and he was putting a bedroom in th back. God. He It. I mean, he just I. Guess he was gonna flip it. And, And, I.


Don't know how. I don't know how his end game was gonna work. 'cause I still had th title I mean I just paid th thing off. and we, we'd raised it. It's not like, what? It's not like I bought We ran We got it through a Kickstarter. So th fans donated money to get this bus. It's not like I can go up, buy another bus. And. what? Why did He do this so much? Did Did you? Was he just a driver? He He was, he was a kind of a pathological liar. Yeah, and he was young, which made It, which made prosecution really difficult, because he, he small town there. th sheriff family has th sheriff in th Pocket. And. what do You mean? Ricky did That Yeah Yeah Yeah. It seems like a He said, she said kind of thing. And I mean That. Sheriff just questioned me.


like I was th th th bad one. And And, pretty much what? He, because He doesn't have assets. And No lawyer gonna take th case, right? what does he Yeah Yeah th lord. There. It's like I mean, it's not about th money, it's about justice. He committed a felony. you know, he What a piece of shit. He just com I mean. He just decimated me to my core. I mean I'll never I mean I had I had dreams of doing so much more As far as like, good work. I mean I could be one of I could have been one of those people out in crisis situations like Katrina rescuing animals, because We were in a really good place at That point, right before th before, before th scam happened. And, you know, And That setback, And. th we've just had to put more, so much money into th bus to get it back to its original shape.


And th it, everything's dry rot having to sit for so long while Covid was going on, because Nightmare We couldn't travel. Nightmare And. It's, it's, we're still sinking right now. It's sitting in a shop in Iowa. And. They were supposed to be fixing this light out And. They're like, they decided, well, we're not gonna be able to get to it. It's been, you know, know We thought it was gonna be this That this would fix it, but it didn't. And. Now we're We have other jobs. That are more important. th You. So We, basically get th bus back. And. It's not fixed. And. It's all Iowa's th only place That can fix this issue. So once, can it It just, just hit, hit, hit, can hit hard with No, with nothing, with it not being repaired.


Bad luck. And having to spend, you know, this money. So Bad luck. And bad actors. Yeah, Yeah, bad actors. That Aren't helping You people. That just are not being helpful. And. It's especially, you know, as a, as a female too, it's a struggle to get, you know, respect is a, as a woman, Oh, totally. I need to get things done. As a woman, I, I resort to having a guy make That, call Yeah. 'cause I can't get anything done. Yeah. So, Yeah, it's, that's unfortunate. Yeah. I'm sorry. That. That happens. Yeah though, it was so It was definitely rough times. And we're just fi finally of bouncing back, getting, you know, getting things rolling. can And And. It's just hard to find help post Covid. Nobody wants to work Yeah. Nobody wants to travel. It's hard to find a, you know, girls That, whose boyfriends will let 'em go on th road.


It's bizarre. And, you know, there's That double standard, right? Guys can tour. Girls can't Yeah Yeah. and we need more women out there entertain And, everybody. It's important. So, how do We get from rats to Cats? Take me some, some of That journey. So, so I was, you know, th rats, I had to, I had to, I realized I couldn't make a living on just rats. So I I became th rat company. And friends, And th I ended up changing th name to Amazing Animals. And I was doing th wildlife show. So I was doing, th doing those for many years. And was That a traveling show as well? No No. It was, well, It was kind of traveling, like it was You. Were going to school schools And stuff like That. But It wasn't like th tour. It Wasn't, It wasn't touring yet. So I I fell in love with touring.


Like way, like way later on. And. That's kind of when th th Cats came into play. Okay? So, I was doing th wildlife shows, And libraries, And Schools, educating kids, right? But my really, you know, my heart, And Soul was I wanted, still wanted to train animals for film And television. So, I I realized That I had, You wanted th show animals. You wanted Yeah, Yeah Yeah I just was like, always what I wanted to do is I see my, you know, And And, see my Cats in a commercial, or see my animals in a commercial Yeah. So there's, you know, there's a, you know, there's a not so much rat work out there. There's not a whole lot. So, I thought, well, Maybe, it should, you know, there's a lot of dog trainers out there. th rats, you know, have kind of met their limit. you know, let's revisit th cat. you know, We had That one experience where there was I was like, there's got be a way to work these Cats.


So You still want to do animals for film, And television, Yeah, And, You decide you're gonna give Cats another shot. Let's Give Yeah, let's give Cats another shot. Because I always loved, always loved Cats. But, you know, they're, they are difficult to work with. It is a, it is. They're, they're, you know, they're small. So they, there's a lot of predators out there. So they're a little bit like, what could get me? what could get me? So, you know, th I I had No idea. Insane. Yeah, you know, I had No idea. like I I needed to figure out how to make this work. And I. So, I thought, what if I did what I did all those years ago with th like, with like, with th rats. And, try That with th Cats. Put a little show together, And, start taking it around to like, low key No pressure, not charging money.


Just passing th hat. Art started in art galleries. So, I basically, like, can, I'm gonna let th Cats teach me how to teach them. So, Okay, And. So do You set up something kind of at home? Do You audition some Cats? Like, how do You? So I had this cat. Tuna had to come into my life. That was brilliant. I mean she was very focused, wanted to learn. I had learned clicker training a lot more about clicker training at this point. So, I, was it I? It actually started with tuna. Tuna was th inspiration behind th whole thing. I was taking her to Pat Expos, just kind of showing off what she could do. you know, And, I'd have a ring, a bell. And, tap a tip jar at a, at a Rescue table. And th I donate, you know, donate whatever.


She got into th Rescue. And. So, I was just taking her everywhere. I was, I was taking her to th film festivals. And, having her play a guitar, And, ring a bell, And do some things, trying to get her some work there. And I thought, well, let's, you know, try putting a show together. And. So, I I found an art gallery. That was, you know, looking for some kind of entertainment. And, I, th band I had put together already at That Point. And That was pretty solid. Th band. what do You mean? Yeah. th th rock Cats. So, We had th We had a guitar, drums, And, piano And. These are Cats performing Yeah. So, th band actually came first. And what? Cats were in It. Tunas in it. Tuna. Tuna played th cowbell. But That came later.


Okay? So she was th she was th donation collector for th band. Okay? So she's really Yeah. She's Yes. She's just, she's got Thorn in th box. Yeah. She's th one. you know, like, Hey better put some money in this tip jar kind of Thing. Yeah Yeah. Yeah Yeah. You got have That. And, And th band had a, had a curtain, said th rocket hat. It had their own table. They had their instruments, had their scent on it. So, so they th th cat th band, th cat band seemed to work. Now, th rest of th act, I mean I. I I went to Home Depot. I got a couple ladders, And, big Rope, And. th you know, some I tied weights to th ladders to keep them from folding in. And, I found some, some stools at Ikea. My, my initial setup was very crude. Just whatever. Could, you know, it was a lot of, like, dog agility props, small dog agility, props.


So, so th I, find an art gallery. I'd set everything up. And th Cats I mean, it was just, th Cats would come out. They, they'd like, look around And, stretch groom a little bit. And And. you know, it was kind of a, just a, an utter fail. I mean there was a lot, a lot of fails, right? They wouldn't, they wouldn't perform. They, they Wouldn was It stage, right? Or was It Anger? Do they hate it? They Didn't. This is all, this is new to them. This is new to me. Yeah. They don't even know That. They're a show cat yet. Yeah. So, so, I'm, I'm like, trying to figure out, okay, what, what do You need to make, make You comfortable? So I, so I started bringing my own floor, like a rollout floor. So, I brought a floor. That had their scent on it.


And, I realized, That. They're always doing this. Like, okay, I, go. Okay. They don't like, they don't like knowing what's behind, not what, you know, what is behind them. They need to know what's behind them. So, th I put up a backdrop behind them. So now they have a solid back wall behind them. They have a floor That. They is, they're familiar with th scent And. I've been working them at home. And. Now I'm bringing them into this new environment. Tuna's pretty solid. She'll do her tricks. She'll ring her bell. She'll do th various things. th other Cats, She's your Go-to Yeah know. She's th Go-to now. th other Cats are a little bit, you know, hesitant. They're a little slow. And And, but they're doing It. But they're doing, they're doing It, but they're doing it at their own pace. Mm. So, so th I would just have to come up with funny things to say, while th while we're waiting for th Cats to Maybe, do something, or Maybe not do something And.


So, You had to be th performer at That Point. Oh, Yeah, I mean I've consistently had to be th performer. 'cause those Cats are mixing It up every show. I never know what's gonna happen or not happen. And, And, because it's I have a Well. 'cause they're damn Cats Yeah. Well, th cat, well, also, because I have a personal relationship with th Cats. They're not just Kenneled with, you know, where they just come out during training. and th they're back to th kennels. I mean I. Watch television with these Cats I. Sleep with these Cats. you know, like I spend I, take 'em on road trips. you know, we're So Cats would sometimes sleep in your bed. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. Of course, I mean, especially if it's a little cold, you know, pile on. more Cats. I mean Yeah. It's Yeah. So It's just Oh unlimited pets. Yeah Yeah, exactly. They, they, pur is so comforting.


I, just I love. I love them. So, they're my babies. I've raised some of 'em from two days old. you know, bottle feed, you know, so, you know, saved hundreds of, of kittens with bottle feeding. 'cause that's like one of my turned out to be one of my superpowers, is be able to, to save, save little babies, And. So, like, little By, little th Cats taught me what they needed to feel comfortable, you know, on stage, And, th they started to like, you know, th applause. There's, it's, there's something called like a secondary And reinforcer. So there's a primary reinforcer, which is th food. Click equals treat. Okay? They hear th click, they get a treat, right? So, th th applause actually starts to And.


Laughter also becomes a secondary reinforcer. So they're like, Oh, if We hear applause or laughter, We are also, That means we're doing good. We're gonna get a treat. And. th So, of course, they'll take advantage of And, do things just to get That laughter, which really ends up, which ends up kind of paying off in th show, because people just find It hysterical as cat comes out. Doesn't, sometimes they just leave th stage. And, sit out in th crowd th whole time. Come back, sit on a ski. It's like a Kodak Black or something. Yeah. They, they decide what they wanna do when they wanna do it. If they wanna do it. And, I, just kind of follow helplessly along. And, come up with some witty banner to cover their, their slowness, And their fail moments.


And, you know, it's kind of my, my story as well, And. How each of these Cats came into my life. Their story, how they came in, you know, how they came to be, what their special skills are. what just, you know, just I. See? So a lot of it is not as much. There's, there's, there's certainly some training of th actual Cats Yes, but there's also You training yourself. Just to understand That, these are Cats, And, I need to try And. Just make it as comfortable environment for them to be here. And. th I need to train myself how to react. If they don't react, Yes, Yes, or, or, or how to react to whatever they're doing matter. Yeah, And, And. They're all interesting.


So they, they're, they're wouldn matter. It's Almost like, like improv. Oh. It is improv. It's so improv. Yes, And. They come out. We have carriers. That, they're in And. They, when they come outta their carrier, they th doors are of th Carriers are open. th carriers are, their, are a safe place for them. It's, it's like a, like a, a, a portable Yeah. It's like a green room. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, like th know Yeah know That. That's, that's th safe place. All of my Cats are whistle trained to go to a carrier, which is great for emergency situations. If, you need to call your Cats quickly. And, get them outta th house, because if there's a, there's a fire or some disaster. Oh, Yeah, th fact, That, You can blow a whistle. And. th Cats come running. They go in th carriers. They're used to traveling. So if they're not feeling it, or they're having an uncomfortable moment, And, they're not liking th th person in th front row.


That has big hair, which I'm always picking up on. I'm always watching th Cats. I'm watching th audience, I'm watching, like, just constantly reading And, communicating with these Cats while doing th show. And what? And making mental notes about. Okay. th you know, Wiki does not like people with big hair And in th front row. They do not like wheels rolling By. That's th you know, that's babies crying. Everything stops when th babies cry. So, Oh, it's, God, it's, there's a lot of challenges. But if they don't feel like coming, or if they have a moment, they're like, I need to, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go back to th carrier. They can do That. So they're, they, That is their safe. That's their safe, you know, it's like a portable base camp for them. So, when I, when I take them out for like, outings or camping, you know, I have a harness on them.


And th I also have a backpack. So, wait, camping is That. Part of th show is That, Oh, No. That's just for fun. That's Just, that's okay. You guys will go camping. Yeah, You, And, th Cats, Oh, Yeah. Because when can, when I'm raising new kittens, And to, to, you know, either to adopt, do a field trip or something, Yeah Yeah to, to adopt out or to be in th show, you know, I, I, I wanna bombproof them. So That, they're comfortable at any atmosphere, because, you know, th way th world is Today. th disaster could be around any corner. Yeah, And. These Cats need to be able to be comfortable being transferred to, to other areas, you know, loud noises. So I always, you know, have clicker And. So, clicker And, anytime they're, they're freaked out. By something. Especially, there's a window of time with kittens where they, they adapt really quickly.


Like they may hear thunder And be like, right? And th I, click And treat during That moment. And I turn That bad experience into a good experience. Wow. Now, th next time at Thunders, they're like, Oh. Well, that's nothing at it, And. and we, everything's okay. Where's my treat? Yeah. So, even fireworks And, such I mean I click. And treat during my Cats are not bothered. By fireworks, because they've all Oh Wow been, I've all, I've, you know, whenever fireworks have been around, I had th clicker. And th treats out And, click And treat And, click And treat. So anything That That, they found distressing. And I And. I've learned more and more over th years since I've been doing this, 'cause since I put it together in like 2005 And You.


you know, over th years, I've gotten better at reading th Cats knowing what they need. I don't need th th floor anymore for them. We still have th back. We still have a, like a solid back wall. But they're, they're, they're just, you know, if it's gotten better, I Mean, are Cats trustworthy. That's what can We I mean? Are Cats trustworthy? Oh No, my goodness. I mean, th th We have th treats. And I knew It. you know, I knew it. you know, th like, We have cups of treats. And, And, various Cats have fa their favorite treats. Some Cats have allergies. So We have to have Turkey for th Cats. That have allergies. We have to have th primo treats for Cats. Like ote, who's, who's a seasoned pro And is, you know, is literally We negotiate when, when it comes to her pole climb.


And, jump to my back trick. Like, there's a negotiation. That happens every time. She's like, what do You got? Oh. She's like, th OBJ of Cats. Kinda Yeah.


There are some things in life. That are okay to be a total crap shoot. you know, like trying a new milk in your coffee, or hugging a stranger at a mall, or in a parking lot. But finding th right doctor shouldn't be a total crapshoot. And with Zocdoc, it's not because you've got more options. th you know, Zocdoc is a free app. And Website, where You can search And, compare Hi Quality in-Network. Doctors choose th right one for your needs. And click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-Network appointments with more th 100,000 healthcare providers Acro every specialty from mental health to dental health, eye care, to skincare, and much more. Plus, Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically, within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, You can even score same day appointments. When I need a doctor, I'm gonna have to give this a try. It sounds way easier. And You should, too. So, stop putting off those doctor's appointments, And. Go to Z do.com/ Theo to find an instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's ZO C D C dot com slash Theo Zocdoc dot com slash Theo.


Yeah, who's in th show? what are some of th big, like tuna was obviously tuna still in th show. Well, th original tuna passed away to Cancer Oh. So, I Had And. How Did you guys do That Did. you guys, Did, you guys have a ceremony or anything like That? Well, I mean it, By th because I've, I've, you know, I've been tried, been traveling, I've been together. Were y all On th road When It happened. It It happened during, you know, like right after, right? Right after tour. So, I had like one Las round of shows with her And. th I knew That. It was gonna be time. So it was after OUR Show And every year, and we go to New Orleans for, for Christmas. So That was kind of her Las time. And. So I got to, you know, so We had January, And February off.


So I, ve got spend time with her. And And, you know, And th fan, you know, had to let th fans know That That this was going on. And it. Because these people have supported us through th years. Yeah through all th all th disasters, all th crisises, you know, th fans have been helping us through And. So they, they know th Cats. It's not like th Days of Lassie we're bringing in another Lassie I couldn't just be like, bring in another Tuna. But I did. You, you know, I brought th I. Let th fans know That Tuna's passing. and we, I I had five white Cats That came in to audition to take her place. And Tuna helped train. you know, th training process kind of helped, you know, pick, you know, th proteges, And, of course, nobody could.


Top Tuna was just brilliant. There's, so, now We have two Tunas. That took th place of th original Tuna And. One of them Ahi tuna And one's Albacore Tuna Oh. Okay? So, You still have some tunas, but it's different now. Yes And, th original Tuna helped choose these ones. Yes. So there's, there's pictures of, of, you know, th original tuna next to Ahi tuna, And al, you know, ring. They're both ringing bells And. So, so it kind of, you know, made everybody part of th process. And, everyone, you know, everyone grieved together for th you know, th loss And embraced th th new Tunas. So, you know, I I keep people, you know, in, in involved And Form. Yeah, it family's it's family. People love I. Mean.


My ex-girlfriend is a cat lover. She loved her Cats. you know, she loved them. She was a good cat Mom. And, she loved them. And. She I was amazed. It was one thing. That even just showed me how good she was at loving people, was just, you know, how much she could love a cat? And, And, really? you know, think about a cat Did. you guys bury Tune anywhere special? Or how did That go down? Oh Oh. We cremated her. Oh. So she's, I have like a whole little glass area with th various, you know, pinky was th First to Go. She was my guitar player, pink Player. th she was a Guitar player. She used my best guitar player ever. Oh And. th th tuna. th you know, when We lost, you know, th pandemic was really tough on th Cats, because they're used to, that's so much stimulus.


They, they, they love working. I mean if th Cats aren't working, they're their health You. Just like with people If, you, if a person quits No purpose, you know, know purpose. If they lose their purpose in life, th they kind of, their health And mental health is affected. So, you know, know, lost a, a couple Cats during That Covid time, And I just lost two 17-year-old Cats That had been from th beginning. They were my, from th very beginning, when I first started training Cats, they were there with me, And th to, you know, lose, lose them within four months of each other. And, Who were their names? And. It was Oz. And. Newie. And. It was And. Oz is That. Middle Eastern. Well, is Oz.


Well, I was watching Oz That series. Oz with th Oswald State Penitentiary. Oh, okay, Yeah. So, I was bottle feeding. I, And, Oz, And It would take one episode per kitten, per feeding. So, I chewed through That entire series. And. So that's how Oz got his name from Oz, you know, from Oz Yeah. and he, he had a little bit of a, every once in a while, He would just go get crazy. And beat up an orange cat for, you know, just, just outta nowhere. And, I, And, And, I I swear, It Very prison like behavior. Almost. Yeah. I think it's because he, you know, he was listening to all That violence in th background. I should have chosen some more friendly programming for him to listen to, because he definitely had a temper, right? I was just like, Oz We.


You're th sweetest cat. We have What's going on? Why are You acting out like this? He's got a dark side. Yeah He had a very dark side, but everybody loved Oz. I mean He was, I mean. He didn't do much. He was not th brightest one, but everybody loved him so much. We came up with tricks. That, he could do. That were kind of fake tricks in th show. And, you know, like he'd jumped through a tissue paper hoop. But, you know, it was only this far And. He'd basically tear open th tissue paper And, walk through to th other side, And, And, And And. It was just so endearing. People loved That Yeah. So And, How magical. Yeah And. God dang I. Love seeing Cats do something. If it's good. Oh Yeah, I mean Newie was number one in th end towards th end. She, she was brilliant.


She could do a lot. She was one of my best film Cats, too. But she would, at th end, she was like, I'm gonna raise my, I'm gonna do th one thing. Who's number one? Raise my paw And. th I'm gonna play th piano And. That's It. That's it. That's all I'm gonna do. And I was like, all right. A lot of seniors get like, That Yeah. They got one. you know, they do their Las trick, or they'll, you know, yep. So, you know, And th they'll just want have a little bit of dessert. And go to bed earlier. Whatever. Oh, Yeah, she was such a cranky catch. You. Just lay on my chest. And growl And per, at th same time, I mean, just That was so tough losing her. 'cause she was my baby And. Like Oz loved everybody, but knew he loved me. Mm. And And know. So That, it was really rough to, you know, when You have to make That decision to let him go, And. So now I have You.


you know, th youngest cat right now is two, two years And. But We we're auditioning because We just had to retire two of OUR other seniors, Oh Wow. So we're auditioning Cat New Cats for th show. Okay? So, We have two potentials. We actually brought two of th th two, two That were That We. Think are OUR good. Acro Catt, potential Yeah one's named Crush, because she was th only survivor in a salvage lot in a car. That was about to be crushed. So Oh, so, so We got to her in th pretty cool name th Nick Time. It's a pretty cool Yeah. It really is a, you know, great name, And. She's, it's fitting And. She is just, so, I mean one, one training session. She's already hopping on th skateboard.


Like, I'm ready to, he ready to rock. Yeah ready to, ready to do this. And And. And. can You tell Cats That want to be in th show? And Cats That don't. That's a little what Can is That something? Well, it's, it's hard to know. Females generally work better. Like all th females Yeah have, have had a better work ethic. th th males, th males are a little bit more like, why don't We just, you know, hang out And, watch tv, smoke And, smoke Yeah. Like, you know, do I really like Alba Tuna is, you know, he's like, He play a plays th cowbell. and he, he'll like, hit it once. And. I'm like, come on. Like, how about, how about three? and he is like, 1, 2, 3. So I mean, they do, they do understand certain, Well, a lot of people don't wanna work anymore.


I think it's a problem. That, they've That. We've had Acro, th animal Kingdom, And, th human kingdom. Oh, Yeah. Yeah is That. A lot of th work ethic is disappearing. How did th touring start? So, I had just come back from a thing called a Festival of Cultures, where I was doing a wildlife program, but It was touring. So We were touring with five other groups, Polynesian Paradise, Africa, th European, where they did Sword fighting. And. Are these all animal shows or just different Variety shows? So they were, they were, it was an educational tour. So they basically were educating people about th their, this culture got It.


So th And, some of it was more fun, you know, know, like Europe. Europe, they did sword fighting. And. Native America was, That was a little bit more educational. And th I represented wildlife of th world. So, I, my little segment would be bringing out various animals, And, doing my little wildlife presentation to, you know, teach people like, you know, these various animals from these parts of th of th world. And. That's when I fell in love with touring. I mean, that's when I was Dr. Dri know, traveling in an ambulance at That. you know, initially And, th And, You guys got an old ambulance. And turned It into th and Acro Kats. Well, I turned That was for th wildlife. th wildlife of th world. And th I got a small RV after That. So, That, Las year I had th band together. And I set it up on th kitchen table in this rv, That We had And.


So people would be walking By th RV And. I'd be like, Hey, You wanna see something cool? Yeah? you know, I open up th rv door. th band th would play what? You, you know, th cat band would play And. They're like, what? So, So, because usually it's something per it's set. Yeah. So per perverted You, see something, you know, like, you know, I Don't know. I'm not Sure. So, so th that's when I Yeah wanna See. So something short, Yeah. So, so That's, that's when I knew That Maybe. it could do something with these Cats. So when I got back, And, I knew That Wildlife. They We they weren't gonna be including us in th next round of tours. And, at this point, I would fallen in love with, with touring And, traveling, And, seeing like, what Did you, What Did you think about it, Oh just seeing things just To get to see You, you know, I, I, because We try to stay in places for, you know, We.


Don't tour like a band does, where you're like, one off, one off, one off. That's how, what fun is That. So, but if We stay in a place for like three weeks to get to know people, I mean I. Have I, We go to New Orleans for like, almost a month every December. So I, have friends there. I mean I. Get to enjoy I, get to enjoy That, City, you know, I. Get San Diego. Beautiful weather, right? Right. By, th oceans, th sea lions, And. All th things That You can see in these other cities. That are awesome. Yeah, We. We're going to th East Coast this year. So, you know, Portland Maine, absolutely love it right there. But we're performing so close to th Ocean. And, You, You. Get to meet. you know, you get to meet people. Oh, Yeah, And. Get to know people. And, you know, just see, you know, I love roadside attractions.


I mean I'm a sucker for like, biggest ball of twine. Next exit. Pull off. Now, Yeah, I'm totally seeing That. And. Yeah, Yeah. We had a carnival worker in, and he, his great grandfather had three legs. and he was in one of th original, like dime show, like one of th side shows, like, back in like vaudeville days, almost right there. Frankini, that's him. and he had three legs, and we had his great grandson in it was a Yeah. And. I saw his segment. I watched. 'cause I was like, you know, Yeah pretty cool. Yeah Yeah. He seemed interesting. 'cause I've always, I always was loved. I always loved Carnivals. When I was That whole lifestyle. Since I was young. When I read That th book, th boxcar children And, I'd stare at those freight trains.


And I just wanted so badly to hop on one And, just go Yeah, because I mean my parents. I was their girl. I was their daughter. They kept me on a pretty short leash. Yeah. So, I I was not allowed to roam th country. So wanted to get off outside. th Neighborhood wanted You, wanted to get off leash fully I wanted to get off leash fully. Exactly. And, And. Just see things, And And experience life. And. you know, th th all th all th Oh nos And, all th Oh yays. So, because it's, there's been a lot of I, mean, I've learned so much on th road. Like, they gave me No instructions. When I bought my first rv, they just handed me th keys drove off th lot. And I popped all th tires within th first six months, because it was, they had, was stored outside. And, It, Oh th Tiles will Rock Yeah th tire, Yeah I Did tour.


They had No instructions at all. So, th good Sam dumped me. So I didn't have That kind of, you know, roadside assistance anymore. And. So, this is when you're on th You. So You, start th tour. Yeah You. Start th Tour And. This is Start th tour. You started in an rv. So Yeah We started. We got We, had an rv. And And. Is it Acro Kat? That's th name of th Time. Yeah. th Yeah. There was th Amazing Acro Cats. and we did OUR first. you know, We did OUR first, like, real show was like in 2006 at a, at a little place called th Reversible Eye. And That was actually one of th more successful shows at That Point. I was like, okay, I'm finally doing, I've got enough put together. That I can pull off a show. Where was this? It was in Chicago. Okay, And. Do You have all th Cats You want? How many Cats are in th show at This point? I think there was a Think Maybe 6, 6, 7 Cats in th show.


Okay? Was there ever a cat You wanted to get You? Just couldn't get th contract, right? Or th deal right with them, or whatever. Like, It, it's, well, there's two, 2009 is kind of when things really shifted, shifted from, you know, 'cause my initial goal was to get th Cat's attention for film And television work. like I was My goal, right? You still just try Yeah You still, like Yeah Yeah, I Yeah. I'm still trying to get them film And television work, right? But it, that's s great know Jesus Christ. you know, And And And, it was working. I It started, you know, I mean I. My cat Bowie is on a, a blue buffalo tasteful commercial. He rocks. It Oh. Really? He Oh Yeah. He's, it's, he's He. He nails every shot. He's Oh damn perfect. Looks in th camera.


He's, he is. He is fantastic. I mean, he's th poster child. He's, he's on th stores at th you know, when I go in down th pet in th pet store, I'm like, there he is on all th food packages. And, you know, he crush It up. Like, like, that's my boy. you know, He was like, Yeah. He's, he's killing It. He's so great. and he swaggers, he's got such a swagger. So, so, but initially that's, you know, my I started it to do That. But th 2009 is when things shifted, because I, I wanted to add another cat to th show. Okay? And at this point. Why, why do You is th show Faltering? Are You just not? Well, A lot of th Cats, like, you know, they start out strong. They're doing eight tricks. And, th second, you know, they're going, you know, middle of th first year, you know, between th year one, And two, they're like, Yeah.


So, we're only gonna do these tricks, these two tricks. I'm just can, just gonna I, just wanna do these two Tricks. Oh, they get an ego. So Yeah, so they're, so, they renegotiate their contract And. I'm like, I'm only gonna do these two tricks. I'm like, well, who's gonna do these tricks? It's not my problem, And. They don't care. They don't care. Not my problem. So, mother, so th I'm like, well, I need to add another catch to th show. We needs someone, you know, And, I, And. I'm like, well, I really want it to be a Rescue cat. But I don't wanna just pick one. And be, what if It's not like th right one. And. I can't just return it. 'cause Well, this one's dumb. you know, It, I can't do That, right? So, I thought, well, why don't I foster a litter? And? th I'll train 'em all. Pick th best one. And. th find th rest of them home. Wow. So, That was my plan. And th I found a, a, a Rescue.


That. you know, we're desperate for Fosters. So, so they snatched me up immediately. 'cause there was a, a dire need for, for Fosters. And. And. They sent me into th trenches. I mean, I had No No knowledge. No, not I. Did tour had No idea what I was. get it? So they send me to a, a, a Rescue a shelter. That's basically an intake facility, not open to th public. People dump off animals there. Hmm. They take, send me th kitten room. And, they say, so, whoever, You, don't, whoever You don't pick from this room. Today is gonna be euthanized. No 12 Kittens in That Room. And, this Is a Japanese game show. No No. It's, it's a It was a Yeah.


I was Just joking. Yeah, you know, but No, that's, it's It could, It could be a Japanese game Show. Very much know It, probably, it probably is a Japanese game show, actually, with, with Squid Game out there. And. what? Whatnot. I can see That, That can I Can be You, You. Walk into a ruku, I, walk into a room, That, where We don't pick, we're gonna euthanize. I'm like, what? You, you know? So I was like, I'll take them all. Give them all. I'll do it. So, Like, so You left outta there. That day with how many Cats? With 12 kittens. I, take 'em home. They have respiratory Yeah, sorry, I Did tour mean to make That Sound. They, they, they all have respiratory issues. I didn't know. Course, all of my Cats get six And. I'm medicating, like, you know, 20 some Cats, right? I, get everybody healthy. I, train everybody up. And.


That was a really, like, you know, That, there's a pet overpopulation problem. you know, That, there's a problem. But until you're thrown into a situation like That, where you're actually told these kittens are gonna die Today, because No, there's No home for them. You see people dumping off their Cats on a regular basis, just leaving them behind. you know, they're not part of th family. They're just left behind like garbage. Well, Cats act like they wanna leave all th time, too. That's, some of it is their fault. Well, I'm not gonna say That. It should happen, but some of th Cats are like, well, That's, that's because th person has not invested th time in th cat. And. That's That could very well be true. And And That is part of what, that's where th where, where th change happened.


So, I got these ca, these 12 kittens. I've ended up finding homes for all of them. And Oh, my And I realized That And, I went in And. I got more I. Bet. Nobody wanted to talk to You. 'cause If, you've even talked to somebody. They're gonna be like, this lady's gonna try to gimme a cat. Oh. Well, No, we're very picky about how, who, Who adopts where Yeah, where We put Oh. Wow, I mean they have to fill an application. All, you know, all th things. So, okay, I mean I. This was just really, you know, eye-opening for me. And I also realized That That. Part of th not only were th just kittens being dumped off, but people were leaving their adult Cats behind And. That's because they, they felt like their cat didn't care. They didn't have a relationship with their cat. Yeah. And. That's where I thought. Well, I can make a difference here. I. So, part of th you know, my part of my show is like an educational to inspire people to, you know, like Hey.


Not only can Cats do tricks, You can teach your cat. Look at th relationship. I. My Cats act like dogs. They follow me around th house. Mm. I mean I. th little kittens. That I just started training. They follow me around like puppies. They're like, what? what are We gonna work? what am We gonna work? Let's do something. Let's do something. And And know. I realized That I can make a difference here. How can help save lives. So not only have I saved, you know, actual lives, but I've fostered And found homes for 300 And, 40 Cats And kittens since You, kidding, since 2000, since That 2009, Wow th and You, you know, through my show, I Foster, foster a bunch. Take 'em on th road with me. Teach 'em tricks. Put 'em in th show. And th find homes for them. Well, right after th show, people can't even adopt 'em. Well, We, because We stay in a place for, for while a amount of time, while they have to fill out Wow, they fill out th application.


We check th references And, if they, you know, get approved, they get a, they get th training kit. All th kittens are are trained to go to a carrier at th sound of a whistle. They're all, they're all comfortable with traveling in a car, which is a big thing. And, they're all trained to do a parlor trick. So, like a Hi five a sit, pretty, a spin Maybe, even playing th piano And, who's gonna leave a cat behind That? Hi fives You. When You come in from work, That Day And, they give You a Hi five. After your bad day, you're not gonna leave That cat behind No. So, so my admission is like, No cat gets left behind when disaster strikes or You move. You're, you're That cat's, part of your family And, because I've given th cat a good start. By training them to do th basics.


And, they all, they're all clicker trained. No cat Left all something stick. th marines almost Yeah No cat left behind. It's Aem, feline Yeah Yes. you know, this cat is gonna be a per permanent part of your life. I've already pre-trained It, all it already knows Yeah. It already knows. th you know, Yeah, all You have to do is give him th cue, and he iss gonna sit pretty for You And. Here's, here's th whistle to call 'em for, for mealtime. So that's part of th So part of th show also is That. Not only You are th Cats performing, but there's this underbelly, there's this positive underbelly of You shelling out Cats to people. And getting Cats in th homes. Yeah Yes. Well, good homes. Good homes, Yeah, good homes. We. Don't just like hand 'em out on th corner, Yeah, because I mean Yeah.


I mean Yeah. That's th thing about a cat. People are always like, dude, do You want a cat? And? He'd be like, just o just If. you leave your door open like a cat will come in. Yeah, that's That was always th thing about Cats. Like, You don't, like one of my friends was I was like, dude, I think I'm gonna buy this cat. I'm like, dude, You, don't buy a cat. You. Just, just be somewhere. And. Just get a cat. Yeah. They choose You. They'll appear in your life like they will, right? Like, just, you know, like little, like, you know, Yeah, They're like little whispers from God or whatever. Yeah, you know, just I mean. We've had so many instances of, you know, like We on Milwaukee Avenue, And Chicago. One day a bus pulls up, door opens, a cat comes out, Yeah, a little kitten comes out, steps out of th bus.


And walks up to OUR front door. It just like, Hey I heard. This is th place to go. Like, Hey, You Just got outta Jail. I need to be I. Hear You need to be here. So And, I'm like, what just happened here? This bus door just opened. This kitten came out. And, they're sitting at my front door. I mean, I witnessed it happen. you know, it's just A lot of Cats have That fast pass or whatever, you know, with th tour, what's, what was one of th tougher times? That. You had Did. you ever have a time where just th show barely got off th ground? Or it just didn't, something just happened? Well, I mean there's been so many I. Mean, especially with th Bus. We had this Texas fiasco where We finally got back on th road, and we had th fan clutch issue.


th th bus broke down. th some, a couple guys tried to fix it. They made it worse. We were stuck in a, in a bar off in th middle of nowhere for like three days. We had to cancel OUR show in Dallas. And I, I've probably canceled Ha Maybe a half dozen shows in my lifetime. like I am one of those th show must go on. If there's a way to get there, I will get there. And do th show I mean, even when I was going through cancer treatment, And had a broken foot at th same time, I was still doing th show. you know, th show must go on. People are excited about these Cats, you know, they're like, can't wait to see th Cats. can like We have repeat people? People That see th show every time We come to town. Oh Cat people are absolutely Insane.


Yeah. They have their favorite Cats. They have all my, my Cats have their own Merch And. So, you know, people I don't wanna let down. th people That are so excited about th Cats, And, And, you know, but We, were they We were grounded. We, were not able to get, you know, to, to th That destination. So, We, finally, you know, We end up getting towed to a proper repair place. And th it doesn't get fixed in time. So, We are having to rent U-Haul And live in th theater during th show, during th show run. So, And th We get to And. th this was like March a couple years ago in Texas And, when they had That Freak Snowstorm in Texas. So, so We th show was canceled.


th It wasn't th it was canceled. th it wasn't because of th snowstorm. So, we're living in th venue, you know, with everything set up, ready to go, in case We can do th show, And. th th bus That was supposed to be ready for Houston. th broke down 20 minutes out of th shop. Mm. So We did not, you know, We didn't have th bus yet. can, so We had to get another U-Haul. Get transfer. All th th th Cats And get, you know, get a rental car, get all th Cats to th next venue. And. Luckily, th venues were all were amazing. So they let us move in. And sleep in th venue. Wow, we're sleeping on couches. you know, We got some air mattresses. And also And. When You go on tour, how many people are on th tour bus with You or in th rv? Well, there's myself, And.


th I usually have two, at least two assistants. And, one point We had a driver. That traveled with us. But post Covid drivers are really hard to come. By, You just, you know, there's a shortage of drivers And. They, they generally want an an obscene amount of money. And. They want a hotel room that's crazy expensive, like We can't afford That, I, I wanna keep th ticket prices somewhat reasonable. I mean, we've had to raise th prices, pr pretty, you know, intensely as it is. But We always try to keep a level of seats. That are affordable because, you know, between th fuel, And, Oh, it's expensive. It's, it's so expensive. And. I've learned how to drive th bus since, because I'm like, I cannot be at th mercy of drivers anymore.


Like this. Did, you have to get a commercial driver's license, or No. Well, it's, it's a, because it's a private owned Oh, okay? Code. So, I, I, own It, And, And, And. I've just, because I've been driving big vehicles, I started out with th ambulance, And. th It was a 23 foot rv. th a 27 foot rv. th it was a 35 foot bus. And. Now it's a 45 foot bus. And. So, I've just, So you're driving an actual tour bus Yeah. I'm driving an actual tour bus. Wow And. And Full of Cats, full of Cats, And assistance. Yeah. So, And, th We Hire someone to drive. th longer, like, if it's a long drive, because it's, it's just tough on me to do Yeah. It's a lot to, to drive. So, we'll hire someone to do th long drive And. th I'll, I'll drive like th short drives. Like when We go to th East Coast, I'll drive to Bo from Boston to Portland.


And. th we're gonna stay in Portland for almost a month. Oh good. And. So, so We. Get to, you know, settle on a campground, And, go back. And forth with to th venue. And. Be fun. And And Yeah. So I mean I. Just I I, love That part of it. Where You get to see, you know, you know, I. Get to see people I haven't seen, you know, in a couple years, Oh Yeah, you know, or, or, you know, know, go like some places We Go every year. We, go to Texas every year. New Orleans, every year. Have You ever had issues with performers like You? Have You ever had an issue? Like a performer didn't make it to th show? Or like, what's That? Kind of like Oh. I had Las th Las time. We were in Portland, my assistant That was supposed to fly in. Her daughter got Covid. So she got Covid, And, th th assistant That was with me.


She got Covid. So I had to do th entire show. Myself, And, even OUR Merch person who usually ran th Merch also got Covid. So, luckily, I had a mega fan, And, th sound guy, who had been helping us with th show forever. He, you know, they, they chipped in And. you know, they helped me, you know, I'd box th Cats, they'd help, you know, reset th stage. Take th Cats in I would run in I, would like, have like kind of half makeup on I, set th Merch thing up. And I'd, you know, start th selling of th Merch And. I'd instruct whoever volunteer was there. Okay? This is what You need to do. And. th I would go back out. And get dressed for th show. And th I'd run back out on stage.


And, I'd do th opening announcements, right? And. th I'd sell th cat. Heres 'cause We walk around with th tray cat, heres, get your cat. Hes cat. Heres, get your cat. Heres so th I. Sell th cat. Heres do th opening announcement. And th you know, move, take th cat. Heres back. And. th I had a friend. That was kind of with me, who she didn't, she was just there as like, more of a friend. She didn't really know how th show went. She hadn't done any rehearsal. So, so basically she was kind of at least another body on stage. Oh Yeah Help out. But it was pretty Yeah. It was just pretty much me up there, you know, Maybe, you know, like, okay, let this cat out now. Let this cat out. Now. And grabbing th props when I need them. And And explaining to th audience, like, it's just me up here, And, you know, you know, can, I've never done this part before.


So I'm like, I'm looking at this long script. I'm going, I'm not gonna say all That. I'm just gonna wing It. So this is a situation. So I don't know what's gonna happen, but we're just going to, you know, enjoy th Cats, And, And And. I had And. I learned I mean I learned a lot. Yeah after That experience, I I changed a lot of You. you know, th way We sell Merch. I. I was like, this is insane. I. So I was like, we're gonna make part of th self-serve And And, you know, just only th you know, important things That do, do people have to, you know, dig for, to give to th you know, so, so, you know, I, just I learned how learned where some of th where improvements needed to be Made. Yeah, sometimes it's Yeah. It, certain things force You in a certain moment.


And th that's where You learn th most, which is kind wild. Yeah Yeah, Yeah And th show. But th show must, you know, th show must go on I. Am one of those, like, literally th show must go on You. Don't just decide. know, you know, I'm not, I'm not feeling it. Today or I mean. I've done a, like I. I've had full on Sick, where I could had to talk And, I whisper. you know, like I'm doing, I've got tea on stage whispering into th microphone, because I can barely, because I barely have a voice. Yeah. But I'm still doing th best I can And th immediately going, And sleeping, And, And resting. It's a lot. Yeah. So, Oh Yeah know, managing yourself And, getting all That kind of stuff done is, is a lot. And. th having To drive th bus too, you know, drive just I.


Can't even imagine. can Just And still train th Cats And. Raise th babies. th kittens. you know, th We have portable incubators. So, you know, there's bottle ba a lot of times We have bottle babies With us. And. Have You ever gotten stopped? By th police And. They're like, what's going on here? Very, very rarely. I. It's, you know, I. Think that's it. Like animals bring out th best in people for th most part. So, We We, we've run into so many great people out on th road. That have been so helpful. And have come to OUR Rescue. Well, like, is there ever been a per perform, like a, a cat That had it all, like a cat That kind of had it all. And. th just for some reason, th things just kind of fell apart. Like, th kind of like, th Chris Brown of like, Cats kind of, Well, they I think we've only had one cat.


That We were, after like a year of trying, I was like, this cat is just not, is not gonna be ACAT material. So We We were tied, you know, know We moved him to another 'cause I also We still train, you know, Cats, And other animals for film And television. So I'm like, well, this guy, he's got, he's got model qualities. He's a Siamese. He's, he's got th Siamese coloring. So He could get, he could get, you know, commercial work. And. So, He He was transferred to another department. That's fair. th But a lot of th Cats have, when they get to That, you know, they decide like, okay, can, I'm not gonna do this. I'm not gonna do That. Or when they get older, And, you know, th and some if they get joint pain, Oh Yeah, right? And.


So th I I scale back on th tricks. That I have them do, because I certainly don't want them to E experience pain. So, of course Not. Was there ever a trick? That You tried to get Cats to do And. Finally, You decided to be like, We can't make this trick work There. It's, there's been some That I've tried, because there's, there's, you know, there's some Russian cat circuses out there. That, That are, they're d different kind of I. Mean th they're, they're, they're sharp. like I mean, my Cats come out, And stretch, And groom And just are, it's like hiring family. They're not professional. But, you know, I've seen some pretty can impressive things with these rushing cat circuses, where they really Hi up in th air.


They do this Army crawl on th on And. At one point, I was like, I really wanna teach this Army crawl. But th I looked at it. And I was like, how can That possibly be comfortable for th cat It? Just, it It just doesn't seem like it's, you know, I I ended up abandoning, attempting That trick because I I I looked at it. And I thought, I It doesn't, it doesn't seem right. It doesn't, how can That, it's not natural. It's not a natural skill at all. Like, balancing on a ball, on a barrel, climbing a rope, jumping down to my back, I mean those are all cat agility type things. And, they've got great balance. you know, none of th props are super Hi up. Where, you know, Oste, th one That jumps to my back.


I mean that's an eight foot Hi pole. Yeah I mean And. She cheats, she crawls down two, three feet. And th jumps to my back. I didn't even know until I saw a video clip. That, she's been cheating th whole time. Yeah, she's not even doing th true jump Like Leah Thomas or whatever. Yeah And. I'm like, If. you seen these Russian Cats jumping 20 feet up in th air down to a Pillow? Well, rush Yeah, it, it, look, it's th same as like, when those Russian hamsters came in. It kind of changed th game of hamster sales in OUR area. I. Remember That, th Russians are very severe about th dictatorship over animals. Oh, Oh, Yeah. They, it is, It's a different energy. Yes. Ha.


Has there ever been a time where, like, like You come back at halftime, And th Cats are all like, just bummed out, or they're smoking, or whatever. They're just like, Th catnip. They get into th catnip. They get, they get over to That Merch table And roll around in th catnip. I'm just like, Oh No. Will they, they like Oh And. They'll go into th audience, And. th if somebody's bought a catnip toy, they'll dig it right out of th th purse. They'll just take it. Just take it. Oh Yeah I mean And. They'll, they'll drink their beer. I mean, like, Jack's loves beer. So I mean everybody. Like, hold onto your drinks. Do not give this cat beer because she loves beer. Don't let her drink th beer. Yeah And. She might be a single mother too, who know Yeah. Just, you know, just 'cause th Cats are always there, opportunists. you know, they're, they're gonna do, you know, they're gonna be like, I'm just gonna go th there's can out there.


See ya. you know, And can, I'm left. Like, what am I supposed to do here? Like, with th Because Albacore, just like We used, th supposed to be th star. He is supposed to have, have this moment where We do a solo in th middle of th show. Of course, And, it's his highlight And. He's just, he's like, they're, they got popcorn out there, And. PBR, Yeah, I'm just gonna go And. I'm like, what do You mean? You're gonna go? and he iss like, Yeah, I'm just gonna go, right? And, I'm like, Yeah, but this is your moment. He's like, Yeah, I'm just gonna go And. I'm standing there. th shoot. Music is starting Oh. I've got I. Don't have my solo cat. He's just, he's just gone to th bar to get a PBR. and he And And some popcorn. And. I'm like, send out Dixie.


So, so Dixie comes out. And does all th tricks, just because she had been doing 'em, you know, she was just, just bam, bam, bam. Did th tricks better. th he did, honestly. So, She saved th day. So She saved th day, you know, and he comes racing up on stage to try to take over, because Hey I don't want this other cat doing my job. you know, And. and he iss he's just failing, because Dixie's just leaping know, you know, higher And faster, And long doing like, he's like three beats behind everything. So, And, That, And at That Point, that's when th That portion of th show turned into a competition. Oh. So I had to, to change That portion. And, because of That incident. So, I'm all constantly having to change. And evolve based on, like, We had a cat, That got sick, you know, And, th something was off.


Like, th first show We did. I was like, something's wrong with Bowie. So You, you know, I whispered to my, you know, like, skip a, skip this, skip this trick. Skip That trick. So, th Bowie went to th vet. And. I had to like, rearrange th show And, bring out a, you know, this cat to cover for, for this trick for Bowie, Yeah, And, you know, ote, you're gonna be drumming, you know, for both shows. And, you know, Otis. th th one that's like, th what? th you know, th Oh Yeah th one that's always like, what do You? She's like, always, what do You got when I get, you know, she has to climb up th pole. Yeah. Lemme see what You got here. Yeah. th eight foot pole And leap to my shoulder, where she walks three feet down, And th leaps to it. She's like, she literally is like, what do You got?


If I don't have tuna or salmon? And a good piece. Like, she'll be like, mm, not doing It, Wow. th I have to go back. And, get something better. And go. How about now? And. th she'll do it. Yeah Did. you ever have a, like, any issues where th show couldn't go on? Or like, just issues with some of your performers? That made it tough. Like, what has been some of That? Well, We had, We had an incident where th star, th original Tuna disappeared to like, three hours before th show. th driver had left a little window open. And Tuna was nowhere to be found. I mean, I had posters up in 10 minutes. I mean, I'm walking up And down th street calling, you know, whistling all th things, you know, like And, you know, tuna's like nowhere to be found.


Now it's two hours before Showtime. Now it's an hour before Showtime. you know? I'm like, what am I gonna do? She's th star of my show. Like, she is. Like, this is like tuna, Yeah, You. Can't I mean she, like any of th other Cats, I can cover for, but I mean I. I have to have tuna, Yeah, And, And. th I noticed That. There's this white cat right next door to th venue we're performing at, and he iss behind this wrought iron fence. And. you know, And I was like, tuna. you know, And, th cat just looks at me like, I, don't I. Don't know who You talk I. Don't I don't know any tuna. And I was like, And. th I asked th guy. He goes, is this your cat? He goes, No, And. I'm like, tuna And still like nothing.


Right? So, th I went, And, I got th bell, and he put th bell right inside th fence. And rang it, And, which of course, tuna couldn't resist. That was like, Oh. That's my trick. It just, just th you know, can't help it. Like, there's one cat, That. If I hit a piano note, He comes running. So I hit That bell. th and th Cat That kept saying, No, I'm not Tuna came right over. And rang th bell. And. I was like, I, you've been here this whole time. You've seen me running up And down th street panicking And. You're just sitting here acting like you're this guy's pet. When We have a show in like an hour now, And, you've just been watching me panic. And, you've been here this whole time. And. She's like, it is like Yeah, I mean, didn't care, didn't care. Like Yeah, whatever, like, I, I'll do more.


you know, Actors are so hard to deal with. Oh, Yeah, th cat, I mean, it's, that's, that's Most of what I've heard. you know, Yeah just I mean, that's a lot of what I heard. Do th do th Cats do like a halftime at th show or anything? Like, is there like a little break or You guys all go back in th locker room or anything? Like, That, or, it's just one full th show is a Th Well, it's like a, it is a like an hour And a half show. Okay? And th We do a meet And greet. So, okay, so it's expanded over th years Now. It's a nine. We've now have a nine piece band. It started out as a three piece band. And th We, you know, We added cowbell, And th We added chimes. and we added a chicken on symbol And. Tambourine And th We added a horn section. So now We have trumpet saxophone, And clarinet, Oh. It's beautiful.


So We have this nine piece band. Of course, You got have Yeah Yeah. Well, people are more demanding now, too. People wanna see it all. It's And. It's so much fun. I mean I. Just love th and th whole band playing together. And Oh, it's beautiful. And, And. th We Do th meet And greet. So people get to come up And. But depending on th size of th venue, if it's, you know, up to 150 people can come up. And, get It. Do th meet And greet, where they see th Cats up close. They can take photos with th band, And. They can And also That That Way That. They can see That. 'cause th Cats could leave, literally, if they're not comfortable or they're freaked out, they could just go, I mean it's a big theater. There's a curtain. They could go Cats, And, their Cats, dude, Yeah. They could go in their carrier, they could hide. They could, They could go back to outer space. Also, Yeah, th Fact, That, they're sitting there posing for a picture, And just com, comfortable with th stamped of people coming up to get photos with them.


That's a lot. Shows people also That like That. This is, this is a whole new level of cat. And, And. If she can do it, And, because my Cats do fail. I mean they come out in th groom, And. This, you Know, just Yeah. Have You ever had a Cats fight on stage After th show? We've had, there's been some, some issues where We, We, there's some animosity. That, I have to keep certain Cats separate, for sure. Oh, Yeah. It's like strippers Kind. But Yeah, it's been, there's been some, some moments where I have to keep, you know, certain ones away. And. Do You ever had Ka jump into th crowd, and he go after somebody or anything? Yeah Yeah. th a after it was, luckily It was after th show. So there was a little, little incident afterwards, and we got 'em separated. And. But, you know, it's, it happens, you know, like I, if We see, like th one cat, like everybody knows who doesn't get along with, with somebody.


So now We have spotters in th audience. That. It's like, you know, most of th Cats are allowed to go out And, wander And, do their thing. But if this cat leaves, that's, it's because he is, you know, He starting something Yeah. He wants to start something. So bring, you know, th make sure this cat comes back. But th others, they, they're free to wander. And, Yeah And. They And. you know, like I said, It ki kinda keeps it fun, because I never know what they're gonna do. Yeah. I'm constantly having to, to shift things around. When, when Yeah know Yeah, And, And, just make It work. Work On th fly Yeah Yeah. Are people allowed to bring Cats to th show? He? Well, prefer That. They don't I mean, we've had somebody occasionally sneak one in, you know, but they per, you know, And, sometimes th service dogs, That, have to be admitted.


We, you know, they, they have to be at least four rows backs. So That, they don't upset. th Cats might Upset th show. Yeah Yeah. So, But Yeah, that's, that's fair. Yeah. Is there a, after th show, You ever celebrate everything, give th Cats a little bit of champagne or anything to kind of enjoy th evening, kind of Oh, I mean. Well, you know, th catnip parties for sure, they get their, you know, catnip parties, And, they get th leftover snacks. It was I mean? We cook, fresh chicken, salmon, tuna, Turkey, chicken, liver. Like, they eat better. th We do, like, can I eating wrinkles out of a can. Yeah, that's like th name. McCormick And Schmick, they're at, or Whatever. Yeah, And And. They're, they're dining on fresh sushi, like sushi, great tuna that's likely seared on both sides. Rare th th middle. That's how they like it, right?


That's And I. And know And. I'm like, eating Pringles And. I'm like, Oh, man, this smells so good. That's Yeah. It's baffling to me. Is there a lot of competition in th market? I've seen, like, there's like, Meow, good Death. I'm trying to think of some of th or like, scratch Box 20. I've seen, there's like some different band, like cat bands, That I've seen online. But is there a lot of competition in th market? I mean, You mentioned, there's some Russian shows. Yeah Th I'm really like, th only touring act That of this nature. That's this And, you know, full on I mean, there's, there's Pop Gregory Popovich, who's, who's based out of Vegas, and he does tour around like, I.


Think one once a year or so. He hits some various places. So he's, he's kind of th only cat. you know, th like, regularly touring. Show And. th there is some, a couple Russian And that's a catch show. Also. It's a cat's dogs, birds, And, some other things. and he Is all, okay. So it's multi animals, Yeah, Multi multi animals. And. So he's pretty well known for his Cats, and he started it in Branson. th got That Vegas job. So, you know, he's, he's, he's definitely well known for th for th Cats. And. th there's th I. Think there's some Russian two, two women. That. Do That do like a th a Cat Act. you know, I, think Maybe.


They have like five Cats or, or such And. They do a lot of th they do some of th venues. That, I can't. 'cause my Cats are, they're, they're gonna want, you know, if I'm in a, if I'm in a hall where there's other things like booths, And, people always want me to come to these expos, And, whatnot. I'm like, You guys have like booths, And serving food. And. My Cats hard. My too Yeah. My Cats are like gonna be like, I'm just gonna, there's hot dogs over there. I can go. Yeah, get a hot dog. And. Why would I I don't just see You? So th you know, but there's, but Yeah, but there's definitely a couple. Their Cats are, are a lot more like, precise, you know, because th th th relationship, they have more of a professional relationship.


Th a caroly type of energy. Yeah. It's just, you know, they, they go their carrier. They go to their carrier, they come out, they work, they go to their carrier Yeah. They're not hanging out And watching television at night with th with th with th animals, Right? They, it's a very, it's almost like being like, rushing almost Yeah, very rushing people. Yeah, you know, in Russia, some of th children even have dolls. That are made out. Stone, And, You would see kids with like a three or four pound doll. Like, that's crazy. But It also, at th same, it's like, It teaches You. That. There's a weight of taking care of someone. Yeah. So it's, it's just I. Mean, I had to make AdChoices at one point. Either I can have a slick show, or I can enjoy th enjoy being with th animals, right? And, I, And I. I'm happy with th choice.


That I made, because people seem to really love th fact That. Those Cats sometimes do it. And sometimes don't. And It. It actually I love. It is more encouraging because We sell training kits after th show. So people can train their Cats, Oh people can do it At home. Yes Yeah. So they, they're inspired to go home. And train their own Cats. I love That, And, And It has made it such Difference's, so important. Honey, Yeah, That people. I'll get, you know, letters from people And Yeah videos, or look, you know, look what I trained my cat to do. And, And, And. you know, seeing your show changed my life. And, this relationship That, I have with this cat is, is co has completely changed. And. th behavioral problems have stopped because I started paying attention. And training my cat. So, there's so many benefits.


There's health benefits, Yeah. 'cause a lot of people just think Cats are fucking crazy. Yeah No. They, they, they're just, they have all this energy. And, if you're keeping 'em inside. 'cause You need to, because it's dangerous out there. That, You need to give them something to do with their brain, And their Body. Because some people say they're even from outer space. Do You ever feel anything like That? No? I mean, can I mean I? Think That. th they're, they're just very independent, intelligent, I mean smarter th dogs in a way, because th you know, dogs are just like Oh. Dude, whatever. We're Cats are grudge holders. And very like You, you know, stubborn And. you know, You really have to work within, you know, within th Cats. You have to make it fun for th cat, for sure. You have to find out what th cat likes to do.


I mean I spent a lot of time just hanging out with th Cats watching them, especially like th Group of kittens. We have, you know, they're all running around. I'm seeing who's climbing, who's, who's, who's, you know, who's perching, who's, who's using their paw? Like, what, what do And, what is this cat? what, you know, what can this cat do? what, what should I focus on? So, You, you know, just By hanging out with th Cats And watching what they do. That's how I'm inspired By to come up with, with th a trick to coordinate what, you know, what they can do. Wow. If If, you had to pick like a Mount Rushmore of like your best performing Cats, And, You had to put four of 'em on it. Obviously, tuna, th original tuna is on there, Yeah. Who else is on there? Boy, th I mean, OIE is very solid, but slow.


It's slowly. So I mean, just hysterically solid. Slow Bowie is, is pretty, is pretty good. Yeah albu cor tuna is solid. But, you know, He is kind of riding th th coattails of, you know, like th original tuna. Like, He doesn't really feel like he has to prove himself. you know, he is like, I'll do th minimum And, where Tuna had a really original tuna, had a really great work ethic. That's what's nice. Yeah Yeah, having That is very nice. And And. th I have, Newt is my youngest And. She is a ma. Just crazy. I mean I was she? I was quarantined with I, had covid for th first time ever. I was in New Orleans. Yeah. It was her And I.


Mm. And I had all th I had this time. So I actually was able to do shaping Yeah. So, a lot of times when, because I'm training fast I, don't, And shaping is what Shaping is. When You just sit with clicker, And treats And You. Wait for th cat to do something. And. th th cat has to figure out what It is You want to do without any clue from You. I. See? So You, let them learn it I. Let them learn it. And teach themselves Yeah. Yeah. That's really th best way, Yeah. So th they're like, Oh, I heard th click. So, okay, what, you know, like You You. Just see th light come on in their eyes once they, you know, That That light bulb moment where they get It. They're like, Oh, I. Think I. Get it. You. you know? 'cause at first, they're just like, what is it? That, You want? you know, like, I just don't get it.


And. th they hear th click And. They're like, okay. Something to do with th paw, right? Something to do with this paw. Something to do with this keyboard. Oh, I. Think it's th keyboard. Like, Oh, okay? It And. you know, You just sit And You. Just wait. Th they're playing damn stairway To heaven. And th Yeah. You're just, And he can lamb Yeah. It's And. th When You see That Light, come on. And And. They're just, they get it. I mean. So they basically, they learn to learn And. th they get creative too. And. They'll, they'll come up with their own tricks. Or, you know, you'll start training 'em to do one thing. And. They'll be like, No, I wanna do this instead? And I, Yeah I love That about th th th th creativity of th th Cats have it. th fact. And And. th fact, That, they're negotiators, too. 'cause I mean, once I'm on stage, I'm, I'm like, in front of an audience.


I can't, I can't like, reset And be like, okay, we're gonna redo this here. And. I'm not gonna Yeah move on with th show until You get this. Right? I have to just go with th flow. And, they know That, You. you know, they can, I'm a little stuck. So they'll be like, I'm not gonna do this, but I'll do this instead. Oh I. See, you know, And. I'm like, okay, I'll see how It is. That's, that's only th most cat thing. Thing I've heard all day. Yeah, I'll do this Instead, is them Yeah. I'll do this instead. Yeah. But I do this instead. and We had a guy, We had a corner on. He said, That, Cats would eat people if they passed away. Have You ever heard That Oh, I totally believe it. I mean, They said, Yeah. This guy said, A cat could even eat your face within like 30 something hours or something if they wanted to. Yeah, Oh, Yeah. I mean I, I. Respect That about Cats. th dog will die right along beside You.


A cat's gonna be like, is she taking her Las breath? Maybe? I'll start early, you know, you know. But I, respect, That. I mean I. I respect. th Cats are grudge holders, too. Like, they You do something That That. They don't like, you know, like, they, like, write it in their little book. And, like, I'm gonna remember this. Yeah That, You just did this. And. So, Yeah, That, And, I I really do respect That about Cats, because they are not as forgiving, which is why, you know, You have to really, you know, make it, you know, It can never be forced. It's got be fun. Mm. you know, for th cat, And, And, like I. If th cat's Not doing it right, if they're gonna perform, they really are. They mean It, Yeah, Yeah. Because you're not gonna get anything for free out of a cat.


Yeah. E, exactly. And And, you know? But if it's, if it's a Hi, you know, reward. Like, if it's th salmon I mean, it's like, okay, I am gonna drum a little bit more for th salmon. th I will for th chicken Wow. you know, with th youngsters, th kittens are like chicken. That's s great. We'll do everything. They don't know Yeah. They don't know. But th seasoned ones, they're like, Yeah. Let's see what You got here. That chick That. Salmon looks a little dry. You got anything better? Wow just Yeah. So And, I've had th Cats That, same cat go up That pole four times in a show. And, just wait up there. And, I have to stop. Oh, my God. th th show of, you know what? 'cause I'm at this part of th show. Yes And th oxy's back up on That pole, because she left, instead of going back to her carrier, went back up th pole because she liked th particular cooking.


That Day. th cooking was good. That day. So she's like, I want more can back. So now th show's changed a little. We're gonna keep, we're gonna do Maybe some different things. That We might not have done Yeah. So now, ve got back, go back over there. Get, do assume th position where I'm like leaning over. She does th jump to my back. And. th sometimes leaves can Yeah And th ends up back on That pole. And. People are like, pointing And. I'm like, Oh can. So, So, a lot of it's just watching You work with Cats. It's like, just th th reality is That. It's almost impossible. what we're gonna do, OUR, best Yeah, Yeah. I'm just standing there like my, my, you know, my arm flung out at this cat grooming And. Because It, especially because I mean I had probably one of th worst experiences I ever did.


Early on in my career, I I got a, a week long gig in Branson And, because Popovich abandoned Branson for this, for th for th gig in Vegas. So, they had No Cat Act, And, they had billboards. People were traveling miles to see th you know, his, his Cats And. So they hired this guy to put together another act to take th place of this. So He, he hired a dog act, A bird act. And th a Cat Act. And It was, he had, so a Russian, some, a couple Russian people coming in with Cats. But he had one week where He Did tour, they weren't available. So he, he brought me in on th advice of somebody who had never seen my show. Wow And.


th you know, people are expecting this, you know, these amazing And, this is th big opportunity. 'cause You, you're coming in to Branson, Yeah, Full theater. I mean tuna ran off stage. th very first rehearsal, No can Oh It was just I mean. th you know, th th th guy. He was like, listen, you know, You act is just, I'm not, you're supposed to be th headliner, but You can't beat. So I'm gonna have to bury You in th middle And. And th in th meantime, you know, th dog people hated us because We weren't organized. th bird people hated us. 'cause th Cats wanted to eat. th Birds Yeah. So And, I'm just mortified. 'cause th Cats aren't doing anything in th and th Cats are super sensitive. So they're feeling th hate from th audience, right? you know, because there people are expecting awesome Cats And. They're getting Samantha's not so amazing.


Acat And, you know, And And, I I mean I just wanted to slither out town in th middle of th night. And not even collect my fee. And, go back home. And You get end th show early. Well, No I was I fulfilled my week And during That time period. th guy, That Hi That hired me. He gave me all sorts of tips. And got help, got got me organized. And showed me how to play off. you know, like when, you know, when a cat did something, he just commit to it. Like, look at That. th Cat's doing nothing. But isn't That great? you know, And And just really exaggerate th moves. you know, you know, not do No, teapot arms. You had to just, you know, be, bring That excitement, even though th cat isn't doing anything. You just play it off as that's what it's supposed supposed to do.


Like, look at this fucking cat. Look at this amazing cat. Look at That, Yeah go. you know, it. So, We just did th best We could And th you know, it was a very long, quiet drive home, Oh of, of like, do I, should I even continue this hot mess? Because I It was an epic fail. Epic fail until, you know, I thought That was th worst until I bombed on Colbert. Oh. Yeah I saw That. Yeah. Oh That was th worst. Oh And. As soon as Andie. Soon as they opened up th carrier, newie was like, didn't come out to skateboard. And I was like, Oh And. She's like, what Did you think was gonna happen? And I was like, You jerk. you know, this is OUR big opportunity for us. We're starting OUR Kickstarter campaign. And You guys are gonna do this now.


Really? And. They're like, Oh Yeah. They, they, they got me good on That. I was just like, but luckily he was a good sport about it. I just Yeah. I saw. He came out and he kind of walked on th ball like That I thought That Was really Yeah. He had CADs on. He kept those CAD ears. He put 'em on occasionally. Oh, that's cool. And. and he Was a really great, That was awesome. Yeah I mean. But I, only like four tricks out of 10 happened. Do You think You really have any control over th Cats? Do You think It It? It's I mean a little bit, but it's really And I. Think what went wrong? There is That. There were two. th It's 'cause they pick up on nervous energy. So, if I'm nervous, they're nervous. And, th I had all these extra assistance. That were like, We wanna be on th show.


So We had too many people involved. Too much energy. And, they felt it And. They felt all That nervous energy. So they were like, Oh, We can't. We're not gonna do. We just can't do this. So, just like We, We really can't do when people wanna hire us for an event. And, it's a mixed bag of people. Like, some are cat lovers, some aren't, like, my Cats feel That energy. They, they're like, we're We. Don't feel th love Yeah. So that's why We do th We We rent out a theater. you know, we're, we're not really for hire, Right? It's more You, We, We want cat lovers to come. Yeah. So it's a self-produced show. So, I, rent out th theater. We. Do th advertising We Do marketing We do, you know, do everything from th beginning to end.


And. you know, And, it's hard to find venues. That'll even let you know. That th lettuce Run Oh. For sure. I mean. Well, it's hard to find humans. That will believe in what you're doing. I mean I think it's, a lot of people think it's absolutely insane to drive around in a van with 11 Cats or something. They think it's insane. Yeah. It's, it's something That You see of like a hoarder or somebody that's a, some freelance Noah's can type of human, you know? But I. Think when You see That. You Love it so much. And That, your goal, or a lot of your goal is something to get these Cats into, like, big time programming. And, get 'em fun opportunities if they want, if they want It, And also, to kind of meet th Cats where they are.


It's like, if they're not, if some of 'em don't have It, they don't have it. You, don't have to tell 'em. That really You. Just work with what they are willing to work with Yeah. Exactly. Work within their parameters. Yeah, And, th And, you know, inspiring people to, to train their own Cats, And, And. you know, I've had, I've saved, like, I've saved some of my own cats' lives. Just because I, because of th training routine. Like, you know, like I would have band practice every time, anytime I cooked. th because th band is set up in th kitchen. Anybody, you know, th band comes running And. They take their place on their instruments. And, they start playing because they want, they want treats. you know, Wow, they know can cooking. What song will they play? It's All freeform jazz. It's like their own music. So it's, it's, you know, not all of it.


Not, not a lot of 'em are big hits. I would say Yeah, but it's her own thing Thing. I used to live in Alphabet City in New York for a little bit. And You would hear a lot of, some of That at certain nights or whatever. But Yeah, but th one cat, like my guitar player, she was solid. My best guitar player ever. She didn't show up for band practice. Like she always showed up for band practice. And, I found I, went looking for her And. She was like sitting in front of th fireplace. And, And, I even offered her free freebie. Like, here, how about take this And? She was like, not interested. And I was like, something's wrong with Pinky. So I took her to th vet And. She had a fever. And know I might not have noticed anything was wrong for, for several days to th point of where it was too late. But because I had a routine established And, because I have a routine established with these Cats. you know, even blowing th whistle for feeding time, You can tell within five minutes if something's wrong with somebody, just, they might have a limp.


They might be favoring one side of their mouth when they chew. you know, like, something's wrong. you know, I, I can, I can tell, just because I've, you know, established a routine And. It doesn't, you know, You don't have to put together a huge act like I have. You can just one simple trick. Yeah, you know, even just th whistle to th carrier will give You all th information. You need to know whether or not your cat needs to go to th vet And. Now, You can take your cat to th vet because it's already oriented to a carrier. Because when We do fostering and we adopt them out, they're all, they're already all used to traveling. Do You feel like they are th performers or That? You are th performer. I. I. Think That. I'm, it, it's, it's a, it's a combination.


We're both, we're, we're, we're We play off each other. Like, so, so, whatever, you know, whatever is happening with them. And, you know, we'll, we'll, You, you know, causes my, you know, so it's, it's a, it's both Yeah. Like, we're, so, we're both performers, but definitely th improv thing, it's I mean. I have to be like, just be on And also, but not nervous either. So, so I have to be like, okay, it's gonna be fine. It just, you know, I always tell people, especially new people, That are, you know, get a little stage fright. That, And I also suffer from stage fright, which really sucks. Yeah to suffer from stage fright. What's normal? Yeah. So I'm like, Ugh. It's very normal. you know, I had to got shove myself out there, because there's th part of me That, there's, there's th there's th nurture of th bottle raises.


You know, th th shy girl, because I mean I was th th shy outcast growing up. So there's still That shy little outcast in, in, in Me, that's taking, that's a nurturer. But th there's, you know, Samantha th show person, right? And, I. Don't even know where she is. She's probably drinking at th bar. I don't know. But I'm like, where is she? Is she gonna show up? Oh, I have to go out there. I don't even know. what if she's gonna show up? you know, And th I. Get out there, And. th bam to, to th cat start. And And And. th there's That. Part of my personality. That. can, That can pull it off. Yeah, And. I'm like, Oh. Thank God. You showed up. And know where You were. She's like, I was at th bar. you know, You, you know, I'd show up. Will You have a cocktail before You go on stage?


Usually I, Yeah Oh. I'll have a little bit of, I'll have a glass of wine for, you know, Oh, Yeah, You got have, have fun. Yeah Yeah. Well, it's just mainly to just, you know, so I'm relaxed. And And, th th cat, you know? So th Cats are relaxed. Oh Yeah. There's videos. th Cats even drinking wine. But do Cats care? If, you use profanity or drink around them. No. th they, they I mean they use profanity, And, you know, in their own little world, they, they drink And, smoke, And, do all th things. I mean, ATI's always seems as Hi as a kite on weed. you know, like a puff of smoke comes out of her carrier. you know, We all kind of see it, because, you know, just like albacore with th popcorn And. th PBR, of course, he was not really holding a PBR And, chugging it.


And popcorn, And, his other I, mean they don't have opposable thumbs. They can't really do That. But, you know, I painted a picture. and we all saw That, like We all saw him walking down th aisle with popcorn. And, And, A p, V R. 'cause he is got terrible taste of beer. Yeah, you know, We all knew That. He would chug That, p V r you know, before coming up on stage to try to take That. Of course, what Dixie stole. And, you know, And, you know, everybody that's on, on th road, because we're, we're, we're in this 45 foot By, eight By, five foot space with these Cats And we're days on end. you know, just, just us. It's kind of like th you know, Tom Hanks, And Castaway with Wil Wilson. you know, they Yeah, you know, We have whole back stories.


And, you know where th Cats, We We know what, you know, what school they went to, what they majored in, what their, what their job was. you know, right? They all worked at th mall at one point. And No I. Think it's fascinating. And. It's important. And, it's important to build a world of what? For whatever your world is That You live in, you know, it's important to add characteristics of things And, to make 'em bring 'em more alive. you know, Yeah, I think that's really interesting. And, personalize them because, you know, know, do a calendar every year with their likes. And dislikes, Yeah And, their fun facts. And Know And. Is there ever any sex between th animals? Or do You ever engage? Do You ever see any stuff like That? I mean, th all of OUR, all of OUR Cats are spayed, And neutered.


Because it, it would be really irresponsible, especially once I got involved in, in Rescue to th s Know. They, they don't, they don't, did they decapitate th wien? Or like, do they No? It's th testicles. So Oh, they take th testicles off Yeah. They take Yeah. th te th testicles. It's a less invasive surgery. th th spay. th spay. They actually have to cut, you know, like open And And. It's god It Yeah. It's, but it's, it's so important. There's so many, you know, and we lost so much ground with I You, you know, you know, as far as th and r programs, I, because I work, I have a lot of friends. That are involved with TN Theo R, which is really, you know, fast. what? TN Theo r Trap New to Return. So, you know, If, you You wanna have an interesting guest on this guy. Sterling th trap. King He.


He does th t TN. Theo r And I mean, they, they go out there, they set these traps. 'cause there's Cats. That are not gonna be indoor Cats. They've been living outside. There're street Cats, but they're also reproducing And. th Now you're gonna have hundreds of Cats, Yeah, Th mashing, dude, If, you can leave th windows open. You can hear it. It's just on And, on And. So, something has to be done. So, guys, like, you know, Sterling comes in, they come in with traps. They get permission from th from th complex, or th owner And. They come in And, they set th traps up, And. They can't just leave. They can't just set th trap, And leave. They have to, because otherwise, when th, when th cat gets trapped, you know, if th sun, you know, inclement weather, They, they got, right? So they got Mill around, Got, they got Mill around And wait to see, to catch this cat And.


th they have to get It over to th place that's gonna do th surgery. Oh at, at six in th morning. I mean it's a huge dedication. Crap. New to return. can ve got, look into That, Yeah, Yeah. Have You ever had Peta come out? And, say anything about your show? Have You ever had any issues like That or No? And we had one person come in California at California, one. Picketer, That, That. It's just so ridiculous. And. th they, they left two hours before th show even started And. Anytime somebody has attacked me on social media, We, I have like a thousand people That come back with. Have You ever seen her show? Yeah If? you saw her show. You would see That. These Cats are her family. They're her That. They're loved That. They're not abused.


They're not being forced That. They, they literally are doing what they want to, what they wanna do. They're, they're free to leave. I mean, they are, their carriers are open. There's a whole theater for them to explore. Yeah, some of them do. Sometimes people will start laughing. I'm like, what's going on? They've gone up to th second level And. They're doing stuff off with th props up there. And just, just exploring. you know, they can, like, there's a show Being Cats Yeah. There's a show going on, guys. There's a show going on. It's like, Yeah, but there's a piano up here. you know, there's a piano up here, And. I'm like, Yeah I saw th piano earlier. But we're doing a show right now. And And. I mean I. So I'll have these conversations with th Cats And. Most of th time I, they don't, th audience doesn't hear, right? But every once in a while, they'll hear my part of it, where I'll just have just, I'll just be like, I'm just, you know, like I am This stops now.


Because it was like Albacore We had been practicing his opening thing. He comes out, he turns on a light. That starts th show. We rehearsed It. We did it every day for weeks. He knows what to do. Showtime comes along And. He's like, ah, I, just And, I And. So I'd have to turn it on for him. And th th day came, He comes out, And. He's just like, I And. I'm like, Oh, No You. Don't I've enough. you know how to do this. You have been doing this trick for weeks on end. you know what to do, And. He's like, what are You doing? you know, of course they don't hear That part, you know? Right? He's like, what are You doing? And. I Go. He iss like, you're embarrassing me. Oh. I'm embarrassing You. You're th one embarrassing me. I'm th one looking like a crazy person talking to herself up here when you know how very well, how to turn on this light.


And And. He's like, okay, all right, fine. Just stop. I'll do, I'll do It. So he went and he turned on th light And after That. We never. We didn't have a problem. He He That it. you know, We had That little moment of like, okay, we're gonna talk about this right now. You're gonna You. you know how to do this. You're gonna do It. I'm not gonna keep doing it for You. Oh, And know And. Every once in a while, He goes back into He. He, now, he has this whole weird little routine where he comes out, he does a little dolphin thing. 'cause when he comes up, he'll see, he likes th Dolphin. So he is like, Oh, I need a little extra, you know, let me just dolphin a couple times. and he goes out and he almost hits It, and he thinks he's gotten it And. I'm like, You didn't get it. And. He's like, I. Totally did. I go No. You didn't. It's like, I still. It's not on.


and he, and he is like, are You sure, And? I'm like, Yeah, I'm really sure And. He'll go back out there. And, And, you know, And. He'll finally, you know, he'll get It. But It has to be just right. If it's too hard to turn on, He won't do it, right? And, if it's too easy, he'll just breathe on it. Or he'll use his chin And. I'm like, are You cheater, You cheater, You? Just, you know, but people still love It. like I said it It, it Yeah. Well, Yeah, it's somebody being, it's just seeing somebody being around Cats is ins, you know, because there's a level of insanity to it for some people. 'cause they can't imagine it. But th fact, That You love it. I think is what makes it so important. And. th fact. Also, That You guys are helping getting Cats in homes.


you know, I didn't even believe in Cats. I, remember at first, somebody told me about a cat or something. And I was like, what th fuck are You talking about? When I was a kid, you know, I was like, Yeah. you know, they're, you Know, what are You even fucking talking about? th Cats are so ama I just I mean I love them so much. And, And. It's so to I mean, th I mean. 'cause I'll have th worst show. I'll feel like I just had th worst show ever. And people come up, And, like, this is th best show I've ever seen. Yeah And, Yeah And And. th Joy That. People have, you know, they're like, I, haven't smiled. I've had, you know, I I was going through cancer. And I haven't smiled in three years. And, this is th first time Oh. I've smiled. And And know I get letters from, you know, like my, you know, divorced couples. It's like I I bought my daughter to see her show.


And. th very We, you know, We We got your training kit. th next week, I can went over to th house. And, I, I paid for I, paid my admission price. And, my daughter had set up a whole little cat circus in th basement. And know, it's like, know I still hate Stanley, but I love those. Cats Yeah, Yeah. Just so it Yeah. It's Yeah. It's a joy. It's look, I, it's fascinating. I. Think it's fascinating. I. Think it's fascinating to get to sit here with You Samantha, Martin And to learn about Acro. Kats You guys are going on tour, right? We will put th links to where they can find You guys' tour. Where is it? Oh th th Website. th Oh rock Cats Rescue dot org. Rockette Rescue dot org. You can find th tour for Samantha And. th Amazing Acro Cats And.


We're gonna get a couple Cats up here. Yeah, Yeah. We've got some Cats And, some kittens, And foster kittens too. th ones That. Whereas two, two That are possible, possibly gonna be joining th team And right now. We have 10 foster kittens, which is a Oh Wow lot. Oh, Wow. Yes. th Portal is Open. Yeah. So, I I mean I have them all. Stationing, I have all these little, like, stools, And And things. So they're all trained to go And. you know, it's called like I. Call it th Lion, pyramid of kittens. So, you know, th I have, they'll all just come racing in. And th assemble, you know, on their various platform. Oh, Yeah, And. th we'll have a sign. That says, adopt us. That. That. you know, We put behind them. And And. It's And. It's just, it's just chaos.


Initially, And, th eventually they all find their place. And. They sit And, they sit pretty Yeah, And. They do their thing. So it is, you know, like I said, And, it's just I, I, I love training. And, watching them learn. Oh hundred. Seeing That Light. Come on, And, And just it It. It's such a, it's a completely different cat. th th cat that's never paid attention to. Or just, you know, bowl of food is left out 24 7 And. you know, th when Cats are capable of so much more I, just, you know, just spend 10 minutes a day with your cat. That's all it takes, is, you know, this is your family member. And, 10 minutes a day isn't too much to ask. Just to, you know, And And it. That's Fair. Riches I mean Yeah. It's definitely fair.


Some people think Cats are, they don't know. They don't know what they are, even if they have them. But you're saying That, there's a lot more to Cats. That. People aren't seeing And investigating And That. They can spend a little bit more time. And do. That. Yeah. Exactly. And. th th less of them be left behind when you know And. Well, ve got move. And. th place isn't all That. Well, You find a place. So else Yeah. Well, sometimes Cats will stay though too. Cats will. I'm not moving. And, they'll stay. So sometimes people do leave their Cats. Sometimes Cats leave th people too Yeah. Well, That That is, you know, but if a person developed That relationship, th That, That cat is gonna wanna go wherever, wherever You go. Like That, like my is That true? Yeah, Oh, absolutely If. you, And If. you just invest a little bit of time in your cat, Yeah.


th they're definitely gonna wanna stay with You. I mean. They, you know, they, when you know, when tour time comes around, And, I mean, they, they're definitely I. Don't wanna be left behind. I wanna be left behind. Something's happening. And. Something's happening. And, they, they really I mean, they, they love, they wanna go Yeah. They wanna go. They love th attention. They love, you know, they I mean they have th back third of th bus all decked out for th Cats Oh. They have th life Know, you know, love That. Add some pictures. Yeah I mean some Cats are performers. Some Cats are, who knows? you know, I think there's a lot to know about Cats, And, I don't know a lot of it, but can grateful to just sit here, And, And, hear about it. Today And to know what's going on. That, there's Cats out there.


There's something about knowing there's Cats out there, traveling. th globe performing at night. That kind of keeps me going. Yeah, let's get a couple Cats up here. And. See, let's see what We can see. So there's a lot of, there's a lot of work. That, take, That goes into, you know, training, training an animal. Yeah, that's fascinating, especially Cats, because You have to acclimate them to so many different things. Santa Yeah, most people think a cat is just crazy, but it's, it can be more. th That. what? Wow? Dude, that's s great, Right? Una. Una, okay.


Oh, my God Can do it. He's like, th fell. How about th bell? th hoops old tight You could do It. Tuna. Tuna, huh? Oh. Wow. That's sexy. All right. Right. Try th small one. It's really impressive. Tuna. Tuna. Whoa. Gosh, she's bad. And. th he barely gets some good hype on this one. All right, Tina up there. We. Go. Ooh, Oh. That's a party Cat.


Wow. It's clean. That. Cat's clean, huh? And we Roll. what do y'all clean It with? Oh. Oh. Wow. Oh That. One. Oh. Good job. Tuna. It could work at Auto Zone. Dude, that's unbelievable. Oh Yeah. We did It We did a car commercial really early on. It was hysterical with th Cats. Tuna. Tuna, tuna. He's like, You, were Late on That Tree. I'm out of here. We can bring out th kittens. That. Where's th chicken? Yeah? th chicken's here. Wow. This is neat. I didn't know That That. A animal could do something like That.


Bring your, do You want th Bell can to jump over th Hill Oh. She could be a night manager at a motel. Twix. Possible Future Acro Catt Ready? can Oh Oh You cheated. You got, You got clear it, You got clear. It, it was nice for You not to beat up th kitten. Let's try It can get a running start. Get a running start. Oh, get running. Start, get running, start. You're kind of cheating there. So, th goal is for You. We would click once He clears It without stepping on it. Oh. I. See? So He wants to th click Reinforces th exact movement.


That You want. So, so he's cheating, or He is just taking It easy. He, well, He doesn't, he hasn't quite gotten It yet. He's still in th training. like I just started working on this two days ago. Yeah crush it. I can, I'll have to send th th clip of th skateboarding That we've been working on, because it was one day of one day of training with th skateboard. Yeah. These Cats are really chilling out here now. Yeah. Damn. It's like a dang strip club in here. Wow Gremlin. Okay, there. We. Go This. th most Cats we've ever had at once time.


Anywhere that's th best Down here. Say That Samantha. He's trying to take a selfie. That's good. Wow or beautiful. They're all available for adoption. Well, except We are, except caution. TN Theo, TWIs are kind of on th they, they may be, they may be hired. If they don't go on tour, they're available for adoption. Well, they'll go be on tour regardless. So when We go out on tour, they We bring them all out. And, You, You know, we'll kind of, it'll be kind of like a te like a test time to see who's who loves it. Like th some, some Cats are just born to be on stage, like Yeah.


This Is We want I want this job? I wanna do this? Other Cats are like, I don't want this job. So they I wanna be a House pet, but I'll still do some tricks. So those are th ones. That, We, We. Adopt Out. And. Just because We had retired two of OUR Cats recently is why we're, you know, hiring Yeah. th stage isn't for everybody. Yeah. It's Yeah. It's definitely not for for everyone. But, But it's for th and Acro. Cats though. It is for th acat I. Think Can You start out with like some, you know, simple. This is like Oh. This is Easy. We here. th click We. Get this. Treat And. th they're letting You sit. Pretty. So Oh, I'm just glad you're not giving them opioids or anything like That.


You know, people ask You are You, do You Drug Your Cats or You Declaw Your Cats? I'm like, they're Acro Catts. They need to be able to climb. Well, th Japanese are drugging. Those dogs That are on Instagram, but that's a different conversation. th and Acro. Catts Samantha Martin. Thank You so much for spending time with me, And, just for letting me learn about these Cats And Yeah. They really are beautiful. Today And I. Look forward to seeing a show sometime. Yeah Yeah, we're trying to book in Nashville. If We can get th theater to call, call us back. Well Yeah, we'll see if We can help, but this is really awesome. And I, appreciate You guys coming, And spending time with us. Today. Thanks For having us. Now can just falling on th breeze. And I Feel I'm falling like these leaves.


I must be Cornerstone Oh, but when I reach That ground, I'll share this piece of my I found. I can feel It.