
We have some upcoming tour Dates there in Colorado Springs in Colorado. Casper, Wyoming, billings, Montana and Missoula, Montana, Bloomington, Indiana, Columbus, Ohio, Champaign, Illinois over there, and a fighting a line. I area Grand Rapids, Michigan, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas. You can get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TN. Uur, and thank you so much for the support. I wanna start by saying that we have reached out to Governor Walls and Vice President Harris, and we would love to have them in studio as well.


Today's guest is a Senator from the state of Ohio. He's currently on the Republican ticket for Vice President. He's a Yale graduate. He's a Marine, he's an author. He wrote the book, Hillbilly Elegy. I've read about half of it, and I'm really grateful to spend time with him today to discuss some issues and get to know him. Today's guest is Mr. JD Vance.


But then it starts to become more interesting, like the last woman we had on like trains cats around the country. Really? With a traveling cat circus. Yeah. That's pretty amazing. So that's who you're following up, you know? That's right. Just So you, that's way more interesting than a politician, man. That's Just so you know where you are. you know, Mr. Vance and the, and the, Call me p call me JD please. Yeah. Just so you know where you are, jd in the existence of things. JD, Vance, Thanks for coming in today, man. Yeah, man. It's good to be Here. I really appreciate it. I just went to, oh, I just went to Lambo Field the other day. You ever been there? I don't think I ever have been to Lambo Field, but I think I'm going to Lambe Field tomorrow. Uhuh, yeah. Yeah.


I'm pretty sure. I mean, running for Vice President, you never know where you are day to day, but I'm pretty sure we're gonna the Packers game tomorrow. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, it was so Did. You Did. you Have fun. It's amazing. Yeah, we, we just went, I had a show there the night on a Saturday night, last Saturday, so we just got to go do a tour. Okay. But yeah, it's just so wild. You drive into this, you know, it's a small city. Yeah. And you're like, wait, there's an NFL team here. It doesn't make sense. Really. Yeah. Like the NFL team in some ways, right? Oh yeah. I mean, oh yeah. The Packers are so popular. But no, I'm, I'm looking forward to going. I mean, it's, it's kind like a political rite of passage because like I have a guy served with the senate. Ron Johnson.


Really good dude. He's a Senator. He's A Senator From Wisconsin. From Wisconsin. And he's just talking about like, you know, you go to a, you, you, you do the tailgate thing at Lambeau Field if you're running for office in Wisconsin and Wisconsin's like a big battleground state. Yeah. So I'm gonna go and check it out. We're bringing our kids with us, actually, which I don't know what we're gonna do with our kids 'cause they're seven, four, and two. I don't think they're gonna be that into a tailgate. Fill 'em cheese. So, cheese dude. Who, you know, I'm Saying. So maybe, yeah, maybe my wife will take 'em somewhere and I'll go like, have fun at the tailgate. But I'm, I'm looking forward to it because like I'm a pretty big football fan. Yeah. Lambo Field is like, you know, Oh yeah. When we saw like, it's a big deal. Oh, I didn't know what to do when we saw it. I didn't know. Yeah. Like, and there was some kids were crying and stuff and the parents were like, kind of wiping their cheeks with cheese or whatever.


Oh wow. But it was like, yeah, it was really interesting. But wait, Were they, they were crying 'cause they were so excited to be at Lambo Field. Yeah, They Were crying. Oh man. I I, so are you, are you a big football guy? Yeah. Okay. So I'm A big college football guy. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm more of a college football guy, but I, I, I like both. So I'm an Ohio State guy. I went to Ohio. Ohio State. Oh yeah. you know, born and raised in Ohio. But you know, there, there's like the Ohio State Michigan rivalry is one of the big, the big rivalries. And this happens of course after, after the election. So I'm hoping to go to the game. But you talk about like a kid crying at a football field. This is, this reminds me of a story, is like one of my, my dear friends, and he's like, otherwise a nice guy, but Ohio State, Michigan just turns into a, he turns into a total animal.


So this is 2006. Who is he the senator you're talking about? No, No, no. It's a totally different guy. Okay. This is a buddy I've known since I was like five years old. Okay. Just a guy back home. We go to the Ohio State Michigan game. We're number one. They're number two. I think we win that game like 42, 39. It's a very, very tight game. I don't remember the exact score. And we're leaving and there's this family and this kid is like, you know, it's a family of Michigan fans and this kid is crying. And you know, my buddy goes up to him and he, you know, I'm like, oh, you know, Bill's gonna be like sweet to this family. Like, welcome to Ohio. Glad you guys come to the game. Sorry. It didn't work out. And, and, and my buddy goes, I'm I, oh, are you, are you sad that Michigan lost? And the little boy goes, yeah. and he says, well, maybe next time you won't root for a team that sucks.


And I was like, oh shit, bill. We should try to be nicer to the new cars. But then like, you realize that's, that's actually, This is not a concierge. No, no, No. But That's why Ohio State and Michigan hate each other. Right. Because that kid was probably nine years old. Yeah. So this is 2006. I mean, he is, I don't know, close to, you know, 25 now. Yeah. He probably still remembers that asshole from Ohio State Yeah. When he was crying after a game. And like, that's what makes the rivalry The rival. And now that it is Tom Brady. Yeah, That's Right. Exactly. That's how it gets started. Yeah. Oh, dude, I remember the craziest thing I ever saw was there was a, a Mexican father and son bawling, crying when the Rock came back one night at WE Yeah.


That's Standing there together. Same height. That's a Big one. Bawling, crying. Dude. I can believe that. And it was, they both had belts on. Yeah. And it was like, yeah. Yeah. I mean, those are, you know, not all, it's like the little rituals that, that actually make life worth it, man. But Oh yeah. But, but definitely, I mean, like, like, like my son, he's seven now, but I took him to the Ohio State Michigan game. I think the last, when I took him, I took him to the game last year. But then we, you know, we watch it even when he is like four years old. And Michigan is a beat Ohio State the last three years. And so it's just like, you know, the first time I ever saw my kid cry over sports event was last year at the Ohio State Michigan game when They beat him.


When, When? When Michigan beat Ohio State. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, when you cry, when your team wins, that means something is probably, you have parenting issues in your home. I feel like, you know. That's right. That's definitely right. Yeah, that's definitely right. But I mean, it, it's, it's like I mean Ohio State just lost Oregon a couple, you know, like a week ago, I guess. And you sort of realize like, I get so much joy out of watching sports and like taking my son to the Ohio State mission games, like one of the coolest moments of my life as a father. But then it almost always ends in heartbreak. Yeah. Right. Because only one team actually wins the championship. And it's, I I I sometimes wonder like, why do we put ourselves through this? It's So true. That's such that it is such, yeah. At a certain point you're, the odds are you're gonna face not feeling great.


Yeah, absolutely. That it's gonna end. Right? Yeah. I mean, like I, I guess the one team in my lifetime, like, like the Bulls in the nineties, Chicago Bull Bulls in the nineties, and the Patriots when they had the Brady Belichick run, like most of the time you're actually happy if you're a fan of that team. But I mean, like I, I, I, I'm a Bengals fan in, in pro sports and like, they made the Super Bowl a few years ago and it was so cool. Yeah, I remember that against was 49 ERs. Wasn't think it, the 49 ERs. It's funny, I don't even remember who they were playing against, but I remember they lost at the very end. It was a very close game. We almost put it off. But then it's like all the joy turned into complete sadness. like I, I'm a grown man on the verge of tears because a fucking sports team that I root for lost a game.


Like, wait, you know, wake up Man. I think I, I wonder what it is. Maybe it's just like, sorry, I to Not say the F word or No, it's okay dude. Make sure people will still vote for me. If I too many f-bombs, I'm gonna lose too many votes. So I'll try to tone it down. Okay. Yeah. If, you say more than seven or eight, I'll tap you on the shoulder. Thank you. Yeah. I appreciate it, dude. Oh, I, well actually my ribs, dude, I've been on a, like, almost like just on bed rest the past like eight days because I, I was at the Vanderbilt game when they beat Alabama. That's a big one. Two weeks ago. That's a big one. That was a Big one. And some guy, I don't even know him. I got a little bit of a look at him and he squeezed me so hard.


He kept squeezing me and I was like, don't squeeze me anymore. And then he squeezed me even more. and he could Was it a hap Was it a happy squeeze? Or You could hear my ribs like, dude, they really Like the oxygen leaving your lungs. Yeah. What was, please don't go, that's on bait. I love you ribs. That had never been away from me. Like, they were leaving home for the first time. Like, wait, But was he squeezing you? 'cause he was happy. He was happy. Okay. So this wasn't like a, So I was smiling, dude, my smile hit. I mean, the more he squeezed my, the edges of my smile, you could hear him ding against my ear lobes. Yeah. I mean, He squeezed me as much as somebody could be squeezed. His wife is not doing well. If that guy has a wife, I'll tell you that.


'cause that, anyway, my ribs, I've been having to ice him do that. It's been, oh, really? It's been Miserable. He feels like actually cracked a rib. I mean it's So, yeah, it sucks, but it was awesome. But it's like, yeah, the pain you go through to be associated with it, you know? Yeah. I mean, look, my, my f so like I, I've only been to the game in, in Ann Arbor once and you know, Ohio State fans again, you know. Oh, is it? We are going up in that erritory. Oh. I mean, people throwing beer bottles at us sometimes full beer cans at us. I had some kid run up, he was like a 19-year-old kid run up from behind me. And it had been raining a lot that day. and he had like mo like, he'd taken a chunk of mud outta the ground and shoved it in my mouth. Oh. I mean, this again, this is like what these sports rivalries are built around is, is moments like this.


But we, we had, we had I guess won four years in a row. That's reforestation, isn't it? That's right. But man, we, we'd won four years in a row and this, this girl, she's like, you know, 22 years old, she gets in my buddy's face and she said, this is my senior year. You ruined my college career because you guys beat us four years in a row. And then she takes a swing at him. Yeah. And a cop tackles this 22-year-old girl down the bleachers. Yeah. And I'm just, you know, like, man again. Yeah. Why people get injured. People get injured at sporting events. It's Crazy. Oh yeah. I thought that for a second. I thought you were describing a wedding in Appalachian. Dude, that's what I thought for a second.


So we've had, we've had, we've had, we've had some of those too. Yeah. I'm just joking. I'm just joking. We had Billy Strings in, he's a guy who does a lot of picking, he does like a lot of guitar picking And stuff. Oh, that's cool. Okay. He talked a lot about his environment, where he grew up. He grew up in like, his area had a lot of addiction and it and stuff like that. Yeah. What part of West Virginia is he from? But Oh, who's this guy? He's from Lansing, Michigan. Michigan, okay. But he grew up, he grew up in Kentucky. I'm ruining It well, but a lot of people, this is like the story of my life, but a lot of people from Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, their families are all from West Virginia, east Kentucky to East Tennessee. And then they moved up for the factory jobs.


Oh yeah. Like there's A really cool song by Dwight Yoko called Reading Write and Route 23. And it's like, in some ways it's like the story of my family. Hmm. Because he came from like two counties over, he moved to Central Ohio instead of southern Ohio. But I mean, it's like millions of people. It's a massive, massive thing. So I wouldn't be surprised even that guy's from Michigan, if he's got like West Virginia family. I don't know that guy though. Yeah. Billy Strings. He's great. He's, and he iss a new guy, guy too. And he'll take you fishing If you want to go. But he, he just has a fascinating story of just like growing up And what his life was like and playing music through it all and learning music and how that kind of kept him going and kept him, gave him something to do.


Really. Yeah. Yeah. Why was that migration? Why did people migrate from there to Yeah. It was, it was, I mean, at least the, the, the biggest thing is you think about it. So World War II ends, right? America's the biggest industrial power in the world. And a lot of these factories are coming online close to where they had, you know, access to waterways. 'cause you gotta ship iron ore and coal and all that stuff. So a lot of stuff around the Great Lakes, that's Michigan, Ohio, you know, a lot of coal in Pennsylvania. And so you had all these steel mills and, you know, textile factories and you know, like automobile plants of course in Michigan and all this stuff is getting built.


And then it's actually, what what's interesting about it is you had a lot of black people come from the deep South, and then a lot of primarily white people come from Appalachia and they sort of mo migrated together to all these factories. And like, you know, there are books written in Detroit about, you know, the, you've, you've got like, basically the hillbillies from Appalachia, the black people from the deep South, and they're just kinda like tossed in to Detroit. And like a lot of what we think of as sort of modern Detroit culture is like the fusion of those two groups of people who just dropped in, in massive, massive numbers. And you know, it's, it's like one of the stories of like, why is Chicago such a big blues town? Mm.


Because all the black folks from the deep south were moving in and they were, you know, bringing their music with them. Yeah. That's why Chicago became such a capital for blues, is it's not really like, it's because all those folks who came from the Delta, so it's, it's it's, but basically jobs man. I mean, there wasn't my, my, my mammal talked about this. It's what I called my grandmother. She talked a lot about how, you know, If, you were growing up in eastern Kentucky in the thirties and forties. It was like basically you could go work in the mines or get out. Like that was all there was at that time. Wow. And so my grandfather went and worked at the steel mill, you know, built a, built a pretty good life, was a union welder for 40 years. And then Oh Yeah, we just had a union president on Oh yeah. I listened to that one.


I I like that guy. Sean obrien. Yeah. He's wild dude. Yeah, he is. He is. He is wild. He's, I mean, it's funny man, you can tell he is from Boston. He's got that thick Boston accent. Oh yeah. He, but he's a, he's a, he's a cool dude. I actually, I've talked to Sean a couple times and you know, it's like normally and you know, it's like normally Democrats are considered sort of the pro-union and then, you know, 30 years ago Republicans were the anti-union. And you know, one of the things I've been, I've been talking a lot about people like Sean is, you know, a lot of union members are coming over to the Republican side and I think the Republican party, we gotta do, you know, frankly a better job at kind of welcoming people. But I think Trump is doing a really good job of making union voters feel at home in our coalition, which is like an interesting part of what, you know, what we're all about.


I mean, I think, you know, so Sean, the head of Teamsters, I think, yeah. And there was some poll they did just of Teamsters members where it's like 65% of teamsters in Pennsylvania are gonna vote for Trump. And that's a crazy turnaround from even 15 years ago. Yeah. They couldn't endorse usually they, or, or they, there's only been two times where they haven't endorsed a candidate in the past 30 years, I think, or maybe past 50 years. Yeah. But, but this would be one of those times they said, I think 'cause it's just, it's too split. Yeah. So do you have to ask Trump places you can go to promote or to campaign? What does that relation, how does that work? Yeah, no, it's, it's, it's actually mostly driven at like the, the staff level.


Right. And, you know, so a Strategy kind Of Yeah. It's like strategy. So, so, okay. There are seven big battleground states. It's the three in the Midwest are Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and then Georgia, Arizona and Nevada and North Carolina. And so it's like, you look at a little bit, it's driven by polling a little bit. It's driven on just like, where do you think this guy's gonna do the best? And I've spent a ton of my time, like I, think I did like six or five or six events just in Pennsylvania the past week and a half. Wow. Because I've spent a lot of time in Pennsylvania, a lot of time in Michigan, a lot of time in, in Wisconsin. I'm actually trying to get Kid Rock to go with me to Michigan in a couple days. Yeah. Because he's a Michigan guy. Oh, he'll go. Yeah. I he probably will. Yeah.


He'll go dude. He lo he's, he, yeah. Yeah. He, he, he texted me last night. I mean, and you know, you can't see, but my, my cousin for those of you who're watching my cousin's here, she's more like my big sister. But like, we're, we're hanging out. I went to a wedding last night. Oh, nice. My, my my, my little cousin got married and Kid Rock sends me a text message like, Hey, if you're in Nashville. 'cause I think he, I guess he knew I was doing this podcast, Well some people were going over there. A buddy of mine always texting me. He is like, Hey, we're going over to Bob's. And I was like, ah, I gotta prepare for this podcast tomorrow. Vance is coming on. Yeah. May, maybe that's how he knew. 'cause he texted me and I was like, oh man, I wanna fly to Nashville right now. Yeah. Just so I can party with Kid Rock. Right. I mean, like that's a, that's a, that's Oh yes.


Experience of a lifetime. So, so now I'm trying to get him to go to go to Michigan with me, but Oh, I'm sure He probably would, man. Yeah. Oh yeah, dude, he's, if he, he's one of a kind man. Yeah. But anyway, to answer your question, it's basically you go where the campaign needs you to go. Right. And, and like, yeah, I could say no, but I'm like running for vice president, so I try to do as much as I can, just to be helpful. And do y'all have, do you go with Donald Trump? Do you guys go separately? A lot of times? Do you guys have like strategy talks in the mornings and stuff? Like is it, what is it like? Yeah, it's, it's more informal. Is it like doubles tennis kind of? Yeah, It's more divide and conquer. Right, okay. So it's like you got two people and you can be in two places, so you might as well do it.


But if we got like a really big event, like, you know, the president got shot in, in Bucks County. Or sorry, which time Are you talking about? The first time. Okay. First time. Yeah. Because They Really, he got shot in, in, in Pennsylvania. And so we went out to Pennsylvania together to do a big rally in, then Elon Butler was there, Butler, but Butler, PA Yes. In Butler, Pennsylvania. And then, you know, like I was in Bucks County, Pennsylvania like a week earlier. But that was just me. Right, right. So you sort of go, you know, some places you go together, but most of the time we're sort of dividing in conquering how, With the attempts that they've had on Trump's, on Trump's life and safety, how much of a concern has that been for you?


Like, it's like, 'cause if I'm standing next to a guy and they're shooting at him, I'm next to him. Yeah. you know? Yeah, I know what you mean. I mean, I try not to think about it, man, because Really, Yeah. It's, it's just, it's one of these things you can't control. And if you're gonna do this job, like you're gotta go out and talk to a lot of people when you gotta try, go try to win. Right? I mean, right. like I fundamentally believe that we're trying to win to help the country. So either you, you know, you either do it or you don't do it, and If you do it. You just kind of, kind of accept it. I mean, I, I don't think there's, I don't know, maybe I'm just, this is just me rationalizing it. I don't feel like there's that big of a target on my back, but who the hell Knows? Well, you're tall. Are you? Might, are you a little taller than him or not? Yep. I think we're about the same height.


Okay. Yeah. Which is funny, man. The weird shit people say about you on the internet. Like the thing, there was a long time, maybe even still today, If, you Google, how tall is JD? Vance? It would say five foot seven and I, oh, it says six two now. Oh, Somebody updated it Then. Alright. Yeah. Somebody updated it. Yeah. Okay. The first headline is JD. Vance is tall, but Americans are getting shorter. What the hell is the Internet's a weird as It also says Joe Biden is six foot asleep. I don't know if that's a height. Well see this is a thing though. How tall is JD Vance We've had, yeah, there was like a conspiracy on the internet that I was a really short guy, but yeah. No, I'm six, I'm about six two, I think. Yeah. Once you get better people helping you get you height. That's right. You get, you Get a, you're pretty tall. You, you Get a little feet tall.


I'm six feet tall. Yeah. I'm six feet tall. If this rib gets back in place, I'm six foot in a half inch brother, I'll tell you that. Oh man. So there's Did, you have to ask your wife about that. Like say, hey, like, did she have to weigh in? Because that's a little, 'cause I'm trying to think of other jobs where you get shot at really military, domestic violence, I guess. Yeah. And then politician. Politician. I mean, normally politicians don't get shot at that much, but apparently it's coming back. Apparently it's coming back. Man, that's not, that's not like a good thing to come back to You know what I mean. Yeah. But I also, I mean it's, it's, I definitely grew up like, and I grew up in Ohio, but I spent a lot of time in the eastern Kentucky. Yeah. And If, you go to like, there's a courthouse in Brehat County, Kentucky, I mean, beautiful part of the country, like kind of in the mountains.


And there's like a plaque, like a historical plaque that's basically like, you know, on this site, multiple people were killed in the Bre County blood feud of the early, you know, the early 20th century. So, I don't know, you just kind of, kind of accept it as, as, as bad as it is. I mean, I want us to get away from it. Right. As a country, but as a individual candidate, I think you just have to kind of accept it. I mean, I'll tell you, But I guess if you're going into battle, you're going into battle. That's right. Yeah. That's right. You just gotta do what you gotta do. Yeah. But again, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm like I, I'm a I'm a person of faith. I don't talk about it that, that much. I don't wear it on my sleeve. I always sort of mistrust people who wear it too much on their sleeve. But If you like, you know, if God wants me to be be vice president, I'll be vice president.


If, if not, then I won't. Yeah. you know, you just gotta work your ass off and let the chips fall where they may. Yeah. I saw, I saw where you had, your mom was out and you congratulated her on, she almost has 10 years of sobriety, you said? That's Right. Yeah. She's In January. January Of 2025. She'll be 10 years clean and sober. And that's really funny. 'cause you know, she's standing next to there. That's Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house. Oh yeah. And like, and like my family's not very political, so they bring her up to this booth and like two's chairs over is Donald Trump. Of course she knows who that is. But she shakes Mike Johnson's hand and he's like, you know, I'm lovely to meet you. And she says, lovely to meet you too. Who are you? You work in politics.


It's Like, mom, that's the speaker of the house. Okay. She's like, well, I'll take a, I'll take a McDouble. What Get a Diet Coke with with extra ice. Yeah. What was, yeah, I know your mom's, your mom struggled with alcoholism, right? Addiction mo Mostly. Yeah. Mostly non-A alcohol drugs. I never saw her, you know, drink that much. But I mean, you know, pills, opioids, heroin. What's it been like to watch her get sober? What's that been like? It's amazing, man. It's, it's amazing. I know. You're, you're what, what are you, you're, you're recovery. Yep. Right? I'm in recovery. Yeah.


A lot of my family's in it too. So I think that yeah, I can, I can relate a lot to your story, to be honest with You. Yeah. But I mean, I mean, look, look, I mean, there was a time like I always, you know, always wanted to grow up and have a family. And I, I remember when I was a teenager thinking to myself, there's no way mom's gonna be around to meet. Like if I have kids, there's no way my mom's ever gonna meet him. And, you know, she's now like, she's now a great grandmother to, to the three grandkids. But I don't know, man. It's, it's just, if, if you've known anybody in this circumstance, it sounds like you know very well what it's like is there's like this, there's two feelings that you have, or at least always two feelings I had when mom was going through it is like, on the one hand, yeah. She's so smart, she's so funny.


And you're just like kind of rooting for her 'cause you just want her to get better. Then on the other hand, you're just pissed off. It's like, you know, because you don't quite understand it. I think if you're not in recovery yourself, it's hard to fully understand and, you know, so that you'd be frustrated with her one moment and then just desperate for her to get better the next moment. And you're constantly bouncing back and forth. But man, it's, it's amazing. It really is. I mean, she, she, you know, she was at the wedding we were at last night and just having a good time and being her like funny, quirky self. She has a good sense of humor. She's A very good sense of humor. I mean, you know, like the, the, the bride and groom of this really cool tradition where they had like an each table a wine bottle with a number on it. And then like at the table one, they'd open the, that bottle of wine, their first anniversary and table two, the second anniversary forth Oh.


That forth. And they had people write stuff in Sharpies on the wine bottle. I'd never seen that. I thought it was a pretty cool little thing. And my mom, I forget what table she was in, but you know, like 10 years down the road and she just, she writes something on, on her bottle like, like, Hey, I love you. Hopefully I'm still alive when you're drinking this. She's just got like, and again, it's like a kind of a morbid, quirky sense of humor. But Yeah man, it's, it's, it's really amazing. 'cause I, I get, I, I just never, I'd never thought she'd be alive Wow. When I was 40 years old. Yeah. And she is, and she's got a good relationship with her family and her grandparents or her grandkids. And that's just a very cool thing. Yeah. I, yeah, it's a blessing man.


That's awesome. To be, it's blessing. It was really cool to see that. Did. you ever go to meetings with her? Did she go to re re you have been before? Yeah, I've been to a lot of NA meetings. you Know, when you were growing up, Did you ever go or no? Yeah, I went when I was a kid. I went, I went when I was a teenager. I mean, I've, I've been to a lot actually just in the past few years. 'cause she, she, you know, now that she's like, you know, she feels like she's really on the other side of it. Yeah. She does a lot with her local na I think she's the treasurer or the secretary of her local NA chapter. And I don't Did you ever go to meetings or anything? Oh Yeah. I went to one. Okay. I I went to one. I was at one last night at eight. Okay. I mean there, there, there's a, there's actually a really special community around it, which I really like and it almost kinda reminds me of church. Right.


A hundred Percent. Where you, you know, you say, you say these prayers and, and you talk about what's going on and there's like this sense of fellowship and community that I think is, is really, is really awesome. And you know, it's, it's, it's like one of these things where you see just human nature and all of its good sides and its bad sides. Right. Because sometimes you have people who come in and they're getting their 24 hour medallion. Yeah. Right. Which is like, this is the first real period of sobriety I've had in a very long time. And then sometimes you have people who are, you know, celebrating 15, 20, 25 years. And it's, it's just amazing to see. But I don't know If you noticed this, but something I noticed and it's, you know, it's not to get too political here, but you know, like 5, 6, 7 years ago, you know, you start noticing this and then it really started picking up a few years ago where, you know, you have somebody who's been say six months or nine months sober and then they don't come to a couple meetings and then they're just dead.


And you realize like when people relapse, when mom was in the worst of it, yeah. There was some dangerous shit out there, but it wasn't nearly as deadly as the stuff that's out there today. Oh yeah. And I, I, I really worry about that. Right. Because, you know, think about the second chance I got with my mom and I really worry that the, the poison that we've got on the streets now is so dangerous that a lot of people would have that second chance. But, you know, you fall off the wagon once 15 years ago, it's like, like, oh, that sucks. I'm gonna climb back on today. You fall off that wagon. It might, it might kill you. Yeah. And I really worry about that. 'cause I think a lot of, a lot of good people, you know, like, mom, it didn't happen like once. Right. It's, it's not like she got clean and sober and that was it.


Right. It's a Process. It's to fall off a few times. Yeah. And you get back on It's a Process, man. Yeah. I've had relapses over the years and had to get back on and it's, it's tough. And, and one of the tougher things to do is to get back on. But it's funny because I think if I, if if, I don't know if I'd be sober if the stuff weren't killing people, to be honest with you, I know that's sad to say, but that keeps me out of the risk of it. you know, it just makes it too, makes It a little scarier. Yeah. That's the thing. It makes it scarier. Yeah. But it's also sad that somebody, I mean, this is ridiculous to say probably that somebody can't, you know, you can't even do cocaine in this country anymore. you know? And that seems like a crazy thing to say.


Don't say that. Don't say that. I, but I said it. But, but Yeah. But don't say that anymore. I'm, I'm gonna steal that line. That's gonna, after the election though, man, I No, no. We gotta win First. It's unfortunate To be clear, those watching, I've never done cocaine before. Yeah. And Nobody saying I've Made any mistakes, but not that one. Nobody's saying it, but it's just, it's unfortunate. That's that. It's un I don't even know where to Go. I know what you mean. But, but it's, it's unfortunate that like, look, You Said every, everybody makes mistakes. Right? Everybody makes mistakes. Right. And like, I'm not, I know as a buddy of mine told me about this, this is hell, this has gotta have been three years ago.


It's been a while. But ba basically what happened is his daughter was like a bridesmaid in a wedding and they were gonna, this wedding and like the wedding got canceled because a couple of the groomsmen like had terrible overdoses the night before at the bachelor party because they took some, I mean, look, you know, you, you can judge and say, oh, they shouldn't have been taking something. But everybody takes something at some point in their lives. Like, we don't want it to kill people. We don't want stupid mistakes to kill people. That's, that's sort of like Right. That's what you're, and learn, live and learn from stupid mistakes. Right. You Should be able to live and learn. Yes. Now it becomes a death sentence. Right. And that's what's really, I think changed about from now to when my, my mom was struggling with addiction.


Why do, why is it so bad? The, like what do you know a lot about the fentanyl crisis? I mean, I know a fair amount about it. you know, I've, I've, I've worried about it for a long time. I've, I've, you know, worked on bills related to it. I mean, there, there are two basic issues, right? And it's, it's like, you know, any business, there's a manufacturer, there's a wholesaler and then there's the retail. Right? And, you know, with, with fentanyl, it's, it's not, it can't like make fentanyl in a trailer, in somebody's basement. Right. That's like, it's not like meth. It, it takes a really complicated, pretty sophisticated pharmaceutical process. So we know that a lot of it, maybe even most of it, the Chinese are making meaning Chinese companies, not like necessarily the Chinese government, but they sure as hell know about it.


And then they bring it in primarily through the southern border. And the Mexican drug cartels are like the wholesalers, right. Of the Chinese pharma pharmas the manufacturer, the drug cartels that are bringing in wholesale style cost and then it makes it in the street level. Wow. And I mean, it's really crazy, man. like I, I was talking to a DA agent about this a couple years ago, and I think this was in, this was in 2022. He was, he was like, look, a few years ago the cartels were making less than a billion dollars a year. and he's like, in 22, 23, we think they'll make $14 billion a year. Wow. So like an explosion of drug trafficking in this country.


And Yeah. You, you hear about stories and I don't think it happens that much, thank God, but somebody smokes a joint, it's laced with fentanyl. They go into a coma. Oh yeah. I I mean I have seven friends that have that. I have seven friends and not even just like estranged people, you know, like, but not all best friends. Sure. But I have seven friends that, that overdose and died from Fentanyl. Yeah. Yeah. That's me. Right. And it ha Yeah. And it ha with harder stuff, it happens a lot like I think with, you know, you hear about it being laced and marijuana, but like not that much. Yeah. But I mean, you your point about cocaine pills, like, you have to be careful. Like seriously, You know, it's a crisis. It's, it's a huge thing. It's An unbelievable crisis.


And it's like, yeah, you'd think that we'd, I I don't know how you fight something like that. Maybe we need to have like a, like a ahead of like the DEA or something on maybe he would be able to help or, or she would be able to help us figure that out a little bit More. I think it'd be, that'd be a very interesting conversation. But I think, I think you've gotta, I think you gotta go do, go to it at the heart and something, you know, Trump did towards the end of his administration doesn't Get a whole lot of headlines. Obviously I'm biased. I think it should get headlines, is he was using economic leverage to try to convince the Chinese to crack down on Fentanyl manufacturing. 'cause If, you get it at the source, right? That's I think really the way to, to address it. Oh, There's fentanyl in half the bookshelves they make over there. Dude, you put a couple, you put a fucking half a set of dictionaries and that bitch will give, that bitch will give way.


I've seen, I mean I, I absolutely believe that it's a Bad furniture. Oh man. That's what's in the furniture here. Are we, are we okay? I think we're good.


This episode is sponsored by prize picks. Baby prize picks If, you like firing on sports like I do occasionally then Prize Picks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. You can sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. NBA is finally back and prize picks is celebrating with an Anthony Edwards free square. That's right. Anthony Edwards only needs one point to win. Add his projection of more than 0.5 points to your lineup and boost the multiplier. That's what I love about prize picks. It's not choosing teams, it's choosing individual players. Each player has a set projection and you choose either more or less than that set projection. If you're smart with sports and you know what players are gonna perform on what nights in the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and many more sports, then Prize Picks is the best app for you. First time users download the prize picks app and use code THEO and PrizePicks will instantly give you 50 bucks on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly Get a free $50. You can do it prize picks.


Needless to say, it's about that time. It's what we've all been waiting for. I'll say it, you can feel it, you can feel it vibrating through the cable wires. And it's almost here Sunday, November 10th. It's the epic return of Yellowstone and it's only on Paramount network. What will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch? How far will Beth and RIP go to protect the family legacy Generations of blood have led to this. Nothing will prepare you for the must see Premier event. Don't miss the epic return of Yellowstone on Sunday, November 10th at eight seven Central on Paramount network. That's right. Paramount network. Sunday, November 10th. Yellowstone returns.


you know, I've been wearing these recently because they're more relaxed and they're Tommy Johns. That's what they are. They're more a lot of kind of nighttime men's under garments or whatever underpants. They're too tight on me. They tighten, they make me, they scrunch me and they push me and they hold me too much. That's why I like Tommy John. It's, it's more comfortable. It doesn't have that tight waistband that makes it so I just gotta go and do PP in all night. Tommy John. It's so comfortable. You'll like it. It's great for travel, summer vacation, silky soft. Cool. Breathable. I would go to say they may be the most comfortable underwear I've ever worn. You can shop Tommy John right now for huge summer savings. Get 25% off your first order at Tommy John dot com slash Theo. That's right. Save 25% at Tommy John dot com slash TN eo See site for details.


But you, you, I mean you you do that, you go after the drug cartels. The other thing that people don't realize about the cartels man is, is one we're talking about some very dark and dangerous people. Yeah. Like, this is not some guy who's like dealing, you know, selling joints on a college campus. These are like, they're doing sex trafficking. They're, they're, they're, they're, they're getting 11, 10-year-old girls involved in the sex trade. Yeah. They're like, like Very evil people. Dictator type of like, oh, Just absolutely vile. And it's, it's like, why, why are we making it easier for these this like massive criminal organizations to get richer and richer and richer. Like we should be trying to make them poor and I mean, you know, help Yeah.


Help people actually need it. Well It's also, it's obviously one of the biggest enemies. That's right. It's like if there were an enemy that were killing pe if somebody, if there were somebody shooting into your country every day and killing people Yeah. At a certain point you go over there. Absolutely. Or you send your military there or do something to say, Hey, that's right. You're not gonna be, you, we're not gonna let you do this anymore. Yeah. That's basically what's happening. That's right. I. can you, can you imagine if, if if Mexico sent gunmen across the border and killed 70,000 Americans a year? Because that's about what dies from Fentanyl. We would be in a major war. Yeah. Right. you know, we, we, we just absolutely would be the case. So the other thing that's crazy about this is, so these cartels, and you see this graphic that's pretty, pretty interesting there.


But the cartels are gonna start to destabilize the country of Mexico. Like, do, do you know, do you know his name Pablo Escobar? Yeah, I do. Okay. So like the, the, the Colombian cartels in the seventies were as powerful as like the Colombian government. Right? Wow. It was, it was a narco state. You don't want that to happen at like right at the American southern border where the drug cartels have more power than the Mexican government. Yeah. That's just gonna be chaotic. It's gonna be basically a war-like atmosphere on our southern border. That's bad news. Well, it's bad news, but it'd be great to figure out a way that to, to shut it down. I mean, it just feels like Yeah. If that many people are dying each year. If people, if it were actual people shooting at these people Yeah.


We would send people there in a heartbeat. Right. I Mean, and I, and I think that's what we have to, I think, not that we have to send people to, to Mexico, but I think that we actually have to have a military response of the southern border. A hundred percent man. Because these are such vicious people. And I think local law enforcement, they're telling us they're overwhelmed by some of these guys. And we've gotta be willing to send our, our best people, our best fighters to get control of the southern border. I think that's the most important issue confronting the country. Because look, I mean, how do you even measure the human cost of 70,000 people, many of them in the prime of their life And the ripple effect of it too in their families. The The orphans. Yeah. The parents that are heartbroken.


I mean, how many kids are like, this is my story. Right. That's why my grandmother raised me, is because my mom struggled with addiction. Luckily my mom got clean. You've got hundreds of thousands of children who are being raised by their grandparents and their aunts and uncles. Like that is an unspeakable human tragedy man. and We fail, especially when we can Do better and we're fail. We're we, we could do so much better and we're failing right now. And that's, you know, the one, one of the reasons why I'm here. One of the reasons why I'm running. Yeah. What w what, what was it like growing up, like with an alcoholic mother? Like, and no judgment against your mother. This is just to look at it, right? I wanna Yeah, yeah, sure. No, I appreciate that. Yeah. What, what is that like, like is it hard to make a connection with your mom? Like what are some of the side effects of that on a child?


Yeah, I mean I, I I definitely think there's a, you get very careful about who you allow yourself to get close to. Right. That's, that's one big part of it. You're never quite sure whether you can trust the particular situation that you're in. Right. So, am I still gonna be living in this house three months from now if I have somebody, if I give somebody my address? 'cause this is back in the nineties right? People still wrote letters, postcards, things like that. At least a lot more than they do today. If I give somebody my address, are they gonna send me a letter? And I'm not even gonna live in this place anymore because we, you know, we moved around a fair amount. Right. But I, I, I think I, I I think that, you know, the, the thing that it I took away from it is I very, even as a young kid, I sort of very neatly divided the world into like three categories of people, right.


They were the helpless people, the victims, the people who needed to be helped. There were the bad guys who were preying on the victims. And then there were the, the strong people who sort of stood up for, for everybody else and stood up to the bad guys. And that's like, you know, that's overly simplistic. But de definitely, you know, I, I saw my mom growing up very much as this person who was, who was kind of a victim and was being preyed on by, by bad people, right. And then the person who was sort of looking up for us and standing up for me especially was my grandmother. And I think that that that attitude of, you know, some people are just not as strong as we wish them to be and bad people are gonna prey on 'em, but it's kind of up to, you know, try to make yourself the person who can look out for people who can protect people.


And that's always what I wanted to be. That's one thing I, I think I took from it. Were you able to be that for your mom? Did you feel like, You know, not always. Certainly. I mean, when I was a, It's a lot of responsibility for a kid. Yeah. When I was, when I was a teenager, man, I, I was definitely very, very selfish thing. I got pretty resentful just with the situation. It's like, oh, other people have more money than I do. Other people have more stability than I do. you know, other people, you know, they've, they've got nice cars. We don't have that. So there's, there's definitely like, there's definitely like a resentment that comes from it, I think. But you know, I, I left high school and listened to the Marine Corps, spent four years in the Marine Corps. And I think that what, you know, that really did for me was just like, gave me a cool perspective.


And I probably went into the Marine Corps. I was pretty whiny, pretty resentful. Kid was pissed off at my mom, was pissed off at all these other people. 'cause I didn't have the things that I thought I should have. And then eventually, yeah, there's me when I was much, much skinnier, much better looking. Oh Yeah, the Marines dude. That was the original Ozempic. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's Ozempic dude. Oh, That is good. That is good. Marines, the original Ozempic. I'm gonna steal that one. Take it dude. But man, yeah, I, I know I say this all the time, dude, if I went back to bootcamp for two months, bootcamp's, three months, if I went back to bootcamp for two months, I'd come out with a six pack. Yeah. But, but you know, I've, I've Anyway, so Semper fat dude.


That's right. Sorry, that was stupid. And I don't even know if I can If. you can even joke about semper fat and I'm no offense to any Marines. Not at All. No, I'm, I'm sure no Marines took offense to that. I've seen. Yeah. I've been, we've done a lot of shows on military bases and stuff and Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's usually the Army's just waiting for the Marines to get there to tell 'em what to do usually. Yeah, that's right. That's right. I know the chain of command. Oh Man. But yeah, anyway, so we, we, we, we had a, we, yeah, I, I think that the way that I noticed it, I mean not take it, you know, too personal, but like when I, so I met my wife in law school and it was like, you know, I dated girls in the past, but for her it was like, oh my God, this is, I'm in love with this girl.


Right? Like, I'd known her for a week and I was like, I wanna marry this girl. Yeah. And there was definitely just a, an element of like, it took a long time for me to get to a place where I was like, oh, I can actually trust this person, actually rely on this person. Because that's not really the experience that I had growing up is the people you trusted on trusted the people you relied on, they would just kind of disappear. Yeah. Sometimes through no fault of their own, but sometimes they would just disappear. And so, you know, I don't know If you say I have attachment issues and that's, that's something that definitely I think comes from growing up in a pretty tough, pretty chaotic environment. But, you know, the other thing, the flip side of it is, and again this is, this is why I talk about the Marine Corps is, you know, after four years in the Marine Corps, you know, like, like one of the best Marines, maybe the best Marine that I served with is this kid who grew up, he was a Puerto Rican guy from the Bronx, was a drug dealer, was Was jewelry or not d wear jewelry.


I mean, not with uniform. Right, okay. Because that's, yeah, maybe he did. But by the time he, you know, by the time I met him as a Marine, yeah he did. But, but he was like, he had had a much harder life than I had. And there was no bullshit, there was no complaining, no whining. He was just doing his job and he was a good dude. And you meet a lot of people like that and you start to realize like in some ways, you know, not having everything handed to you is actually a blessing. Right. And, and, and growing up in a tough circumstance and being able to understand that not everybody's always had it easy. I used to be annoyed by that kind of complaining about it. Oh yeah. Same. Now I sort of see it as like a, a good thing. Yeah. Right. Because I, I think I have a different perspective than, than a lot of people I spend my life around where, you know, they're, they, they, they were born to a rich family.


They went to a private school, then they, you know, everything was kinda laid out for 'em. Oh yeah. It's kind of good to not have everything laid out for you 'cause you have to work for it a little bit more. Yeah. That was gonna be my next, my, my follow up question to that was just like, yeah, what are the, what are the positives like, and also so we don't get stuck in like, you know, just in like a Debbie down or spiral kind of, you know, because it's okay to talk about stuff, but sometimes, you know, it's like things can get kind of like, where you're just looking at the negative things that's, but there's usually something that's positive in everything. That's exactly right. And yeah, that's what I was thinking. What were some of the positives of, of having a childhood like that and up being Yeah. And I guess it would be some self-reliance I think, I think it's definitely some self-reliance Awareness probably.


Which is probably a curse when you're young. 'cause it feels like you have to be kind of scared of stuff. But, or, but when you get older, being, having awareness can be pretty helpful sometimes. Yeah. I've got my head on a swivel, right. I'm always looking around corners. I'm always, you know, kind of worried that things that aren't exactly what they seem. But I think that's made me a little less comfortable, which is a good thing, especially in the, in the political life of, oh yeah, You live These days. It's good to have your head on a Swivel. Hey, now everybody's an alcohol vice president. You Know what I'm saying? Yeah. Everybody has, everybody in politics has a vice that's much worse than alcoholism is, is the way that I put it. But we, we Release the list Seriously. We need to release the Epstein list that, that is an important thing.


We can go down that, that rabbit hole. But anyway, I, I, I guess the, the other thing that I, I gain from it is, you know, I, I think that I'm just much, I see people as people and one thing I've picked up on, like I went to law school at Yale. And, and a lot of them are, a lot of my classmates are good people. But you're a Lawyer also. Yeah. But I, I sort of, as soon as I went from law school, I went into the business world. So I never really practiced law. Right. I was mostly a business guy, but like a lot of my friends, they, they look at people as like, where Did, you go to school, what do your parents do? Yeah. you know, what job do you have? What credential do you have? I've never had that.


Right. And so when people like talk about politics or policy, they'll be like, oh, well this person has a PhD. I don't give a shit. Yeah. That may be, they may be smart, but I don't care About Yeah. PC's only three doesn't even spell anything. Yeah, Exactly. I don't even, but I don't care about, care about the letters, but I, but like, I meet somebody and Oh, they don't have a fancy degree or they don't have a fancy job. I, I still just naturally care about what they think because the way that I grew up, I just sort of see people as people. Yeah. And I think that's a, that's just a very, it's a perspective that I'm glad that I have. I think it's very much a product of how I grew up. Yeah. I like people that have their own thing. I I, I have like, I don't, like I, don't sh I don't dislike somebody if they inherited everything.


Yeah. But I li I gravitate more towards people that, that haven't had that experience, I think because Yeah. I don't know. There's just something a little bit more abnormal about it. I didn't like it when pe things were handed to people. I guess maybe real, the truth is, I got upset when other people had stuff that was handed to them, which probably was just normal stuff to be handed to a kid. Yeah. Yeah. Or to a, to, you know, but that made me like, oh, screw that. you know, I'll figure this shit out. you know what I'm saying? That's right. Fuck damn. Or whatever. you know what I'm saying? I'll, you know, I, I have that exact attitude. Yeah. When I was like 13, 14. Yeah. Yeah.


And some of that is, it's just that rebellion at that age. What would you say? and we have a lot of audience members that have struggled with addiction or who, or Yeah. And these days, everybody's, you can't even, like, who doesn't have somebody that's in their family or something that struggle with addiction. Oh. But what, what suggestion or like, just advice or thoughts would you give to a young person who has a parent who's, who has alcoholism as to how to navigate that? 'cause I even get messages a lot from people. Yeah. That's, that are like, Hey, my dad is struggling, or this, what do I do? Yeah. I don't know what to do here. you know?


Do you have any thoughts on that? And it's not like you're a specialist. Yeah, I know that. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not a specialist. I mean, here, here's, here's what I try to do. I mean, take this for, you know, for what it's worth. But number one is you, you gotta, if you're a kid and you're an environment where there's a lot of addiction, you gotta make sure that you're taken care of. Right. Like, don't, don't get yourself in such a situation where it's not just your parent that is struggling, but it becomes you that's struggling too. Ah, yeah. Right. Because you can't help 'em out. You can't help 'em out unless you're able to take care of yourself first. Right. Right. That's, that's number one. I think number two is as hard as it is man and shit, I know this very well.


'cause there were times when I had some very angry moments with my mom. Don't get resentful and try to keep your heart as open as possible. Right. You gotta compartmentalize a little bit. Right. There's, yeah, there's the addict version, but then there's the version that, you know, that read you a book when you were a kid, or there's the version that took you to, you know, your favorite movie. Or you try, try to hold onto the memories that are completely divorced from the addiction. Because I think If, you allow yourself to become totally resentful, then it doesn't just affect them, it starts to affect you too. Right. Don't, don't allow your parents' addiction to become something that destroys your life too. In other words, wow. Is you've gotta kind of, you gotta kind of keep your soul intact here.


I mean, I just practically go to those NA meetings. I mean, I learned more about mom and her addiction going to those NA meetings, and I didn't always, you know, it's not like it was like some eureka moment. Oh, oh, there's, you know, I'm not pissed off at you anymore. Right. But you at least understand it a little bit more and you gain some appreciation for what's going on in their life, because that's a, that's a big part of it. Yeah. And you also think about na meetings is, is just, again, it is human nature and all of its splendor, it's virtue. And it's vice man, it's real. Oh, Somebody saw a boat. The last one I went to some dude's selling a fucking boat at one of them. That's it. Exactly. and we were like, you can't do, we're trying to get off of drugs, dude.


And Yeah. And some guys started bidding on the boat. I'm like, and they had made 'em take it outside. Yeah. Because it's outside issues or whatever. But it was like, what is even happening here, dude, I was in an, in a meeting. Some guy had a fish hook stuck in his fricking cheek, dude. Really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, man, he either, But he had two weeks clean. Yeah. He'd either had a really bad night or really good night. and He Both Jesus. Yeah. Happen. God dang. It's just like, alright dude, catch him. Release brother. Catch him release. He probably had tried to come across the border. Oh, we'll. And I only say that 'cause we had a couple border patrol agents on here, and so we've learned a good bit about it over the years.


Yeah. No, I had, I, Man I had a border patrol agent who's, he's clearly, But before you go these already No, but I just, that's a funny story that, that that that statement about trying not to be resentful against your parent because Yeah. Once you, that resentment is the seed that can lead you down some of this or activate some of the same behaviors in you. That's right. It's not. That's right. It's not. And I'm not preaching that, but it can activate a lot of resentment is just, it's an evil Seed. Yeah, no, that's right. And I, and so many bad things can happen there. 'cause it's just that's an important That's right. Message. I'd never thought of that or heard it before. Well, and And, what you said earlier about not getting into a negative spiral, I think is, is really important. Just, just psychologically. I mean, look, man, I know you had a, a, a tough life in a lot of ways.


There are certainly some moments in my life that were pretty tough, but I've never, again, I'm not an expert. I've, you know, I've read some books on this stuff. This is not JD Vance's expert opinion. This is just a guy talking is, I really worry that a lot of the mental health stuff in 2024 is about like, focusing so much on what's bad in your life that you end up wallowing in it. And it becomes a sort of self-reinforcing spiral. Like, there's only so much you can, I mean, if bad shit has happened to you, there's only so much you can do to think about it and process it. And, you know, sometimes bad shit happens because it just happens.


Right? Yeah. There's no like rationalizing, there's no like, thinking through it. And, and, and You know what I what I've always found like is, is most helpful is getting outside and going for a walk. Like that made me feel way better than trying to understand why did mom do this thing when she was 13 or when I was 13 years old and she was, you know, I guess thir 39 or 30, 36 would've been when I was 13. But, like, why, why Right. Still harping on it. Yeah. Yeah. You, you just, I gotta go for some walks then. I mean, I go for him, but still, sometimes you got some ghosts, man. But I mean, and I've Got ghosts too, man, but It's like, but the longer you sit there and look for ghosts, all you, it's still ghosts. It's still a ghost.


And you, and it's almost like you find more ghosts. Right. And you keep on finding them, and then it's like, all right, man, I just, I can feel like hanging out with my buddies. Go for a walk and have a drink. Yeah. Well, you know, not if you're dealing with addiction, but like, have a drink of coffee, just like go, you know, go hang out because I really worry that like the constant wallowing is bad for us. Yeah. We've gotten into this definitely into a constant, into a heavy self-help Type of vibe. Yeah. Yeah. you know, like every book is a self-help book. Yeah. 'cause self-help is great. But also you're saying the o the other side of that is you're saying that something's wrong with me. Right. And so if you're always looking for ways to improve yourself, which it can be positive to do that.


Yeah. I've noticed in my own life, it's also a way where you're also kind of saying there's always something wrong with you. That's interesting. So I'm in the same way that I'm, I'm always trying to get better. It's like I'm, there's, I've obviously created then I'm, I'm, I'm, there's something unachievable. Yeah. 'cause if I'm always trying to get better, it's, I've set this, this impossible course. So really I'm part of me is telling me, oh, there's something wrong with you. Yeah. So it becomes a little bit more about that. Interesting. Yeah. Finding ways to accept myself, you know? Yeah. You gotta balance it. Right. You gotta balance. Like obviously there's all things we can work on, but, you know, it can become a self-defeating cycle if people get it. Yeah. And I try to, I try to just balance it. I mean, you know, like I, I like about, about two years ago at the end of my senate campaign, I was just like, I had gotten very overweight.


And it's like, I mean mean campaign is hard on the body. You eat, you know, Chick-fil-A for breakfast, you eat Wendy's for lunch, you eat, you know, waffle house for dinner. Right. After a while that starts to catch up with you. Yeah. And you know, like I, I, I think the self, once You Get a waffle house, just so we know it. Oh man. I'm an All America special sub grits for home fries for hash browns. Wow. Yeah. That's, That is, I didn't even know they had home fries. Well, they have, they have hash browns. Sorry. They have hash browns, not home fries. Wow. They have homeless fries over there, dude. like I. Dude, Bro. That that, okay, that pho, that second photo from the top, that is the All America special. But again, wow. I'm not a grits guy. So If, you swap out the grits for hash browns. They don't charge you anything.


Look dude, dude, That is a, that is, but they charge me. That is a meal of champions right there. But your arteries are paying a high tariff. Well, I'll tell you that. Okay. Yes, they're, yes they are. But anyway, the point I do You get raisin toast or stick with that regular toast? I get regular Toast. Yeah. I just put a lot of jam on it. Wow. I'm not the big raisin guy. Yeah. Do you like raisins? I like I mean. 'cause I like grapes that have been through something, you know, it's just who I am, you know. But, so yeah, I guess I do like it, you know, I guess guess I like my, I like my grapes, you know, nice and nice and, and clean and effective. Oh, I like grapes of rat, you know, which are basically rais. Those are basically raisins. But anyway, there I, I, I bring that up 'cause it's like, you can get into a spiral where it's like, oh, I'm, I'm unhealthy.


And you beat up, beat up on yourself about it. But like, there's a good balance where you recognize you gotta, you know, go for a run every now and then and, and take care of yourself. And that's what I've tried to do is, you know, just balance the good and the bad. Yeah. Yeah. Life's balance, man. It's a good point. That's my, yeah. Things aren't gonna be Exactly, yeah. Things aren't gonna be perfect, you know? Yeah. I always was like, I always. Yeah. I created when I was a kid. like, I have to be perfect and to be like accepted or whatever, you know? Yeah. That was like a, the, that was like a way that I created in my life, I think. Yeah. like I. Well, And, what did that look? So gimme like, what would you try to be perfect at? Like school or work or, or just like, you know, getting in shape or like what?


Like what, what, like what's your, if you're trying to get perfect, what are you trying to get perfect at? Well, that's the crazy part is it was almost this blind thing. I never even asked the question, Hey, what am I trying to be perfect at? That's interesting. It was just this like, you, like the only way you're gonna be seen, you have to do everything perfect, you know? Yeah. And then you'll get the, you'll, I don't know, it was just this missing thing inside of myself. I wanted, I Know what, I Know what you mean. I wanted to be seen. So it was like, you have to do it perfect. Yeah. Right. If, you 'cause If, you do it. Perfect. Then there would be no way, it wouldn't mathematically make sense that you wouldn't be seen then. Sure. Because that would have to be seen.


Yep. Right. Nobody would not see something that was done perfectly. But, but perfection was, is impossible. And so it was always, I'd always set myself up for this. Like, you'd always come up short. Yeah. No matter what it was. Of course. And it could be anything, something I was presenting at school the way I was, the way I looked while you were talking to me. It just, everything had to be like, I, what you mean? So it was this constant, like, I just never let my breath go, you know? Yeah. And, and, and then I was always falling short. And so then That can be a tough way to live, man. Yeah. Oh, it was horrible. And it fulfilled this prophecy in my head. Oh, we fell short. You're not enough. Which, which is what you thought in the beginning anyway.


Right? Yeah. That's right. And I'm not saying that now, like now I have different thoughts and feelings, but those were things that I, now I'm able to look back and see, oh, that that's how I was operating. Yep. And just how, even when I talk about it, it sounds fucking impossibly stressful. Yeah. you know? Yeah. Yeah. It does. I mean that's, yeah. Did, you ever go to a CA meetings or anything like that? A CA meetings? Like Adult children of Alcoholics Did you ever go to No, no. I, I guess it's interesting. No, I, I never did. Yeah. Some people don't need it. Yeah. I mean, I, I think frankly it probably would've helped me, would've been useful to go to. We did sometimes, like there, there was one very long-term treatment facility that mom went to. And I, I guess it was kind of like that because part of that was that we would go to meetings every couple of weeks with all the kids of the people who were in.


Oh, that's pretty cool. So that may have been an a CE meeting. I just didn't know the name of it. But that, that was definitely interesting. And again, it's like you go to the meetings with some of these kids and you think your life is tough and you realize, man, there's always somebody who's got it much worse than you do. Yeah. And that's a, again, I think that's a good attitude to have because then you feel grateful for what you have. That's another thing, man. Like, the feeling of gratitude is so empowering. Like, if you're just grateful for what you have, you know, like, yeah. you know, you and your wife have an argument, but if you're just grateful for her, for her existence, that's such a better attitude. Your kid does something that's annoying to you. But I'm just so grateful that I have this beautiful little baby that I get to take care of.


I don't know. The, the feeling of gratitude, I think is a very powerful thing. Hmm. Yeah. I mean, people say that a lot. Did, was being a parent scary for you? Were you scared? Like Absolutely. Yeah. Terrifying to me. Yeah. Man, I, yeah. I was just, yeah. I was taught by my childhood that most people really screw up parenting and, you know, it's, it's not just like you make a mistake, you Get a bad grade or you know, your boss is pissed off at you, so you make a mistake and you're like screwing up. You Get A bad grade that has to go stay, that stays alive. That stays alive. Right. You're like, damn, C plus is having a tough week. The c plus is having a really tough week and, you know, like, do you have kids? Children?


So, so I mean, you just, you just love your kids so much, right? I mean, you really think the, the sun shines out their ass. you know, that's, that's kind of how you see children. Oh, like care bears or whatever. That's right. I'm like a care bear, but a living, breathing care bear. Yeah. That you have to take care of. And so I was just really terrified. 'cause I, you know, this has certainly gotten a lot better, but You know what I was, 27, 28. I had like a pretty bad temper. you know, like if somebody cut me off, I'd be really pissed off. Now I don't drive anymore 'cause I have a secret service detail, which is probably a good thing. But Yeah. But I, but I, you know, like I, I, I just think to myself, oh my God, is my kid gonna do something bad and I'm gonna, you know, fly off the handle? Like, you know, my Oh yeah.


I worry about that. Right. And yeah, I mean, look, certainly kids can be frustrating from time to time, but for whatever reason, I think it's partial. 'cause my wife's so patient, it's in part, just 'cause I'm older and a little wiser is, you know, it's, it's, it's really worked out. And I've, you know, I've, I've screwed up and I've made mistakes. As a parent. And certainly there are days where you're like, oh man, I can't believe that I did this or that. But, you know, one kids are much more resilient than people give 'em credit for. And two, it's just, it's a, it's a learning process, man. Yeah. And it's, it's amazing. I mean, kids are so, so crazy. Like, the, the difference between our 2-year-old and our 7-year-old, just in personality, And what they say.


And, you know, kids have no filter. Yeah. Right. So like, one of the things that we call, and our, our side of the aisle is that we will like, you know, we'll call the news journalists, the corporate media. I call 'em fake news. Right. You gotta be careful about that shit. 'cause my kid's getting on the plane with me, my 4-year-old to come to an event and, And somebody gets on the, they're on the loud speaker. They're saying where to sit or whatever. and he iss like fake. No, no. He see, he sees all these people taking photos of us and videos because I, I get photographed and video, you know, I, I'm constantly being photographed wherever I go. and he sees these people with cameras and he goes, daddy, is that the fake news? Yeah. And you, you know, you, you realize you gotta be a little bit more careful about what you say. You're Like, no, that's grandma.


Now smile. Okay. That's just grandma's getting a picture of us. Right. But yeah, I mean it's, it's, it's the most rewarding thing that I've ever done. It's, it's definitely changed my perspective. So it surprised you as to, as to it surprised you against your fears kind of. It did. It did. I mean, one, it's just not as, it's not as hard I guess, as I thought it would be. Yeah. 'cause I've wor that's what I just Yeah. I guess, yeah. I dunno if I think about it being hard, I don't know. It just feels like it would be so scary. That's the word that comes into my head, Man. It is, it is scary. But it's like one of those things where you just, you know, you just deal with it. Right. And it's kind of good to confront that fear. And then you realize it's not as bad. I mean, you know, Mo most people will tell you, like, the first kid gets completely babied, right?


Yeah. And, you know, you, oh, you've gotta put hand sanitizer on before you touch, touch the baby when they come home from the hospital and by the third kid, you're like, Don, don't, you know, oh, you just played in the mud. Fine. Come, come over here. And, and you, and you realize that kids are, again, they're, they're much more resilient than people give 'em credit for. But you also, I, you just learn a lot about yourself and like, the coolest thing, right? Think about my mom. I didn't think my mom would be alive when I was 40 years old. And now I see her play Pokemon with my little 7-year-old. And Yeah. Build a relationship with these little kids. And it's just a really, it's a really, really rewarding thing. I mean, does It feel like a gift that you were able to give your mom almost a, like, not you were able to give it to her, but that like, you know, God gave you this series Yeah.


Of events in your life where you get to see your mom play with this kid and you're like, man, that almost could have been me. But it, it does get to be me. Like, in a weird way. Like Yeah. That's, it's, it's exactly right. I, we feel like it's a gift that God gave to us where we get to have this second chance with mom. Yeah. And, you know, we get to wouldn't necessarily relied on mom when I was 12 or 13. 'cause she was still, you know, still caught up in addiction. But now like, we'll leave our kids with mom. Wow. And Like, being able to rely on her is just a very, it's a very cool thing. you know, my my my wife, I remember when our, our kids were first born or, or was born in 2017. And at that point, mom had been clean and sober for about a year and a half, I guess.


And like, I remember talking with my wife and she saying like, I love your mom. I hope that she stays clean and sober, but like, we're never letting her babysit. Yeah. It's literally right. Little early, literally. But now, like, we trust her with all three of them. Wow. It's, it's an amazing thing, man. Oh yeah. And now with three kids, you'll give anybody to watch. you know what I'm saying? If, you got three kids, bro. That's, that's true. Anybody watch him? Yeah, that's right. No, we, We, but no, that's, I think that's really cool. I could have just imagined, I could imagine like, you getting to see like, your kids be with your mom in this, it just like completing the eight or whatever, You know what I'm saying? Like that symbol or whatever, you know, infinity symbol or whatever. Yeah. You know. No, it's, I can really, That it's pretty powerful. Yeah.


It's, it's important. That's the power of like, things you see through recovery and stuff too. you know, it's like that people get to just have a different life, you know? That's right. It's like you witness it all the time in the, in the meetings and stuff. Yeah. I do Anyway. Yeah. There's something, there's something very redemptive about it, man. And yeah. If, you wanna hear a miracle or something. You wanna see a miracle go to a meeting. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? You get to seriously, you get to, I mean, and it very much is like church. It's like, sometimes people are like, you don't go to church Sometimes. I'm like, dude, I go to four, I go to church four times a week at least. Yeah, right. I go, good for you. I go, good for you, man. It's like, it, that's those meetings, it really is. It's like you get everything you could get out of. I mean, you witnessed God's work just through other people, you know?


Yeah. I mean much less outside of possibly in your own life. Yeah. And they're te the testimonials you hear at meetings. I mean, the courage, it takes somebody who's been clean for two days to walk in Often and bid On a boat. A boat of strangers and bid on a boat. Boat. Yeah. Heard to sell a boat. Yeah. Like, hey, hey, I've got, No, I'm joking. I mean, I didn't, I didn't mean to interrupt you there. I got, I got, I got rid of my cocaine and now I've got a boat. You wanna buy it? Oh man.


Is your business growing? Our, our online Merch store has grown over the past few years. We started off a buddy of mine and I was slinging him out of his basement, helping us get it done. But it evolved and we needed more help. Thankfully, ShipStation was there for us. ShipStation helps you achieve exceptional shipping efficiency with a robust all in one order fulfillment system that integrates with over 180 of the most popular e-commerce platforms, marketplaces, and carriers. ShipStation is the fastest, most affordable way to ship products to your customers. With discounts of up to 89% off U-P-S-D-H-L Express and USPS rates. Scale your e-commerce business with the shipping software that delivers Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code Theo to sign up for your free 60 day trial. That's ShipStation dot com code Theo.


Have you heard that the flavored air category is quickly becoming the leading alternative to vaping and smoking? It's a whole new movement indeed, towards better habits led by the sponsors of today's episode. Fume Fume is an award-winning flavored air device. Flavored air isn't like vaping if, if Vapor was compared to sticky soda. Fume cores are closer to herbal teas. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla, and the new peach blush. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion fume has over 300,000 customers, including me. And you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use my code Theo to Get a free gift with your journey pack head to try fume. That's T-R-Y-F-U m.com. And use code Theo to Get a free gift with your order today. Try fume.com code Theo


To every elected official and politician in America. The people stand united desperate for you to listen. If, you are not advocating for prices and transparency in healthcare. You are compromising every single American across this country. Because when we can't see prices, hospitals, insurance and their middleman charge us whatever they want. Our very own healthcare system is robbing all of us. We just need the prices. That's how our economy works. If, you wanna do right by workers, employers, and unions, then you gotta do right by the people they represent and the families who depend upon them. and we gotta hear it. Prices now Power to the Patients.


Oh dude. Did. you ever listen to Jelly Roll? It's funny, I I met Jelly Roll at the United States Senate. I'm a banking committee. He came and gave And, What was he trying to get? Pardon? For something? No, no, I don't think so at least. But he was, he did a, like he was a witness at a hearing of the Senate Banking Committee. Oh, I think I saw that on c-span or something. And honestly, and that was a joke. Jelly. He knows it was, he was, And he was really good. I talked to him briefly. I'm sure he doesn't remember. He does remember. But I, but I, but I thought he, I thought he gave like some very interesting, you know, testimony. He talked about the fentanyl issue a little bit.


I wanna say he maybe talked about homelessness a little bit, but I, I remember him talking about fentanyl and Yeah. I mean, he's got an amazing life. I mean, he talk about a guy who had a much tougher life than I did. That's Shelly roll. Yeah. That's a great point. Yeah. Yeah. He's a magic man. When you and when you talk to him, it's just like watching pure, it's just genuine. Yeah. That's what it is. It's like a, it's like clean water. It's like what we used to have in a lot of our rivers. It's like, that's what he is. Yeah. He's just genuine. I mean it like he's just A genuine human being. Oh he'll tear up at anything. It's just 'cause it's just what's in him is just real. Yeah. you know, he's a genuine guy. Yeah. He's a good dude. That actually lead him pretty good into this next part.


I wanna talk about some stuff I wrote down. Okay. Because I wanted to be clear and this is important. Yeah. Good. Go man. So you're from a region that was firsthand devastated by the money lizard Sackler family, right? Yes. Which like, you know, which Purdue farming and everything that happened with Oxycontin, like over 500,000 people died at the hands of them. Yeah. And Big, big problem. Yeah. Unbelievable. Right. And it compromised, like, you know, they used loopholes, all types of stuff to, to be able to keep that company going. Right? Yeah. And really to keep killing people. I mean, it seemed undeniable at a certain point that they were Murderers.


It was, it was legalized drug dealing. Right. Is what it was on an industrial scale. I mean, made billions of bi billions of dollars. They just got like a slap on the, like they got a financial slap on the wrist. Right. Very tiny. But Why, why can't we, shouldn't they be kicked out of our country? It feels like, like if we can let in 20 million people into our country Right. That shouldn't be here. Yeah. Or that are not like vetted properly to Be here. They don't have a legal right to be here. Right. I, I agree. I would say they shouldn't be here. But Then why can't we put those motherfuckers on a boat and send them back to wherever the fuck they came from? That's a good question, man. Look, I, I think that frankly, I don't mean that angrily at you, but it's like, No man, I, I'm, I'm pissed off about it too.


Like, At what point do people lose the opportunity to be here? It seemed like If you killed 500,000 people, you wouldn't be able to hang out anymore. Or maybe at least you should have a criminal investigation. Yeah. Right. Because that, that's the thing that's always, I've always, I mean like the Sackler family clearly got rich off of an extraordinary amount of human misery and death. Yeah. Okay. Where are they from? Bring it up real quick. I wanna say they're from New York maybe, or they're from the northeast. I'm pretty sure The Sackler family. Virginia from Galacia and Poland. And their ancestors were Jewish immigrants. Isaac Sackler, Brooklyn, New York. Yeah. Oh. And then they lived in Brooklyn, New York. Yeah. That's why I I thought they were from New York, Connecticut.


I mean, look, the, the, the thing that I've never understood about them is that they did get fined, but the fine was such a tiny amount. It was a couple Billion bucks Compared to what they, but they made tens and tens of billions of dollars. Yeah. I mean these guys were absolutely rolling in the dough, but they like, w why isn't there a criminal investigation into this? Right. like I, if if, if I sold drugs on the street and some person has an overdose and died like I, you can get felony prosecuted for that. Yeah. Or at least investigated for it. And there was never a criminal, at least as I understand it, never a criminal investigation into what was known. Yeah. I think they had to breached a plea deal of some sort. Okay. As the nation continues to grapple with that, the Sackler family had agreed to pay $6 billion to families in states as part of an agreement to wind down Purdue Pharma.


The maker of Oxycont, exchange of Sacra family would be immunized from future civil liability claims. Yeah. Unreal. Because Here's my, here's my understanding about it. And I, I by the way, I, I think that like, you know, you always gotta be worried about this stuff when you're, the child of addiction is like, are there, whether it's drugs, alcohol, whatever. You gotta be, you kind of, you're worried about making sure you do yourself. Don't get hooked on anything. Right. like I had a minor surgery once and like a very minor surgery and I was prescribed Oxycontin and I took it for like, you know, 12 hours. Got Any lift. Sorry. No. 'cause of my wife. 'cause of what I'm about to tell you. Okay. And my, my wife who was like giving me my meds, she was like, Hey, are you ready for your next dose? And I was like, yeah, you know, the pain's not really that bad anymore.


I don't really wanna take one, but yeah, just gimme one. 'cause I feel really good when I take it. And then she and I both had this like, moment of realization like, oh shit. Right. That is, that is where this whole thing starts. Wow. Since she, you know, took it to wherever some disposal site and got, we got rid of it and that was it. But the, the problem with Oxycontin, as I understand it at least, is that it's supposed to be delayed release oxycodone. But you know, the problem that that is, is people figured out If, you just crush it up. Yeah. Then you could just get it all at once. All released right now. All Released right now. And then the Sackler families understand it, knew about it. Right. Purdue Pharma knew this was going on and they should have been like, oh no, no.


Okay, we're gonna stop this because people were getting killed by overdosing all this stuff. 'cause they were taking too high of a dose and they didn't do anything. Yeah. Like that, that is my understanding fundamentally of what happened is, is they didn't wanna stop it 'cause they were getting rich from it's Oh yeah. It's, it's, man, it's, it's really gross. You, I just couldn't imagine that. Imagine people dying and you're making money, but they're die. People are dying. Family. The ripple effect of that in this country is still, it's still haunting people. You know, AB Absolutely. And that's where the heroin epidemic, which is now a fentanyl epidemic, came from it started, it started there as a pill epidemic. Yeah. And it actually was like, I always used to think it was okay. Kinda like me, like, oh, you have surgery and you get too many drugs and then eventually you get hooked. What it actually was is they were over-prescribing it so much that it was just everywhere.


Yeah. Right. And so like, oh, you know, your nephew comes over and he is 17 and he takes some to his buddies and now they're all hooked on, hooked on Oxy. And that's like, that, that's what actually happened. And there was just so much of this drug everywhere that it started the epidemic we have now. Yeah. And the outside, it was like candy coat. It was like you just had a slurp off the outside a little bit. That's, and then you could party. Oh, I, so I didn't realize that. Yeah. I think you just had to SLor because I, I heard about people crushing. I didn't know If. you, you just had to SLor off the outside. Yeah, I think you did. And yeah. Yeah. And yeah. And one of the worst things about it was that like, medicine used to be a term that was like, it was for help, right?


Yes. It was like, you know, it was in our brains, I think as, as humans and Citi citizens in our society and culture. Yeah. Medicine was help, right? Yes. And that, that whole thing with them kind of tripped that word where it made it, it made people question the value of medicine. Absolutely. It made be made people just question then who's prescribing them? Medicine. It made health, it made like, your doctors seem un trustworthy. Yeah. It just, it ruined so much trust. That's absolutely right. Ruined a lot of social trust. And I, I agree. I think they, they, they deserve a ton of blame for that.


And it's, it's interesting though. That was maybe the first point. The, the oxy epidemic was sort of the first point where I started to question like the mainstream big pharma narrative a little bit. And I always ask myself, and I think this is something, you know, like I'm Republican, I'm conservative, but one of the things that I think the old left was pretty smart about is like recognizing that, you know, when when money gets involved, when the profit motive gets involved in health, that that can lead to good things. Right? It could lead to people trying to cure cancer. 'cause they know they're gonna make a lot of money if they cure cancer, I'm fine with that. Right? But people making money, if they cure cancer, that's a great thing. But then also sometimes it can lead to manipulation of the health system that doesn't actually benefit people's health, but does get people hooked on a lot of drugs that they, they wouldn't otherwise need.


And this was something, again, the old left understood this that like, well you gotta be careful like, are we prescribing this medication because it's good for people 'cause that's good. Or are we prescribing it because some big pharmaceutical companies getting rich if we do and they're putting pressure on the government or somebody else to encourage us to prescribe this medication. Yeah. And I think there are a whole host of ways in which, you know, frankly the old left was right about that. And you know, I've tried to persuade, you know, modern conservatives that we should be more concerned about that issue. It's like, you know, Bobby Kennedy makes this point all the time. Right? Like, good, some pharmaceuticals are good for us, but some, actually, it's not totally clear whether we're taking 'em just because it makes people money.


And this is like, let me give you a, a concrete example, right? So, you know, the, this, there's obviously this big like debate about transgender issues and we don't have to wade into that. But what really worries me is when you've got pharmaceutical companies that are making billions of dollars on hormonal therapies for kids. And are we really, like, are we really being smart about whether this is good for the kids? About whether it causes long-term consequences? And why is nobody saying, well, wait a second, the people who are lobbying us to give these drugs to kids are also getting rich off of it. Right? Right. And I, I just, I worry about that. I mean, I I you just, You get to follow the money motive. Yeah. Man, it definitely, of course they would want that.


'cause it's just another way. It's like, well how do we split the atom here again to make even more money off of somebody? Well, why not your gender? you know what I'm saying? Right. You're not using it. Yep. you know, you're like, what do you mean I'm not using my gender? Like I'm trying, I'm trying to, I'm still developing it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's the Yeah. And you're gonna like, but I agree. It's like a couple of my buddies secretly low key date trans people. Right. And I don't care if any somebody's trans or Neapolitan or whatever. I don't, I don't care. You know what I'm saying? Hell, if I had a vagina, I would probably wouldn't go looking for women. you know? So there's probably some up, some up to it. But If you what I'm talking about is shit. I don't know what I'm talking about. Look Man, If you, I here if you're an adult, But look where the money like, but look, Follow The money.


Especially at this point we're talking about Kids follow The money, think about what's going on. Like are the people pushing this? What is their real or do they have some other motive? You have to think about that. Yeah. you know. Well That's why, I mean, like you mentioned Ozempic earlier, which, you know, I've known a couple friends who've taken it. I've never taken Ozempic or, you know, any weight loss kind of drug. Oh, It got, it ended up having a black market. There was somebody selling it outside of a Vineyard Vines illegally or something over there outside of Charlottesville, outside Of Vineyard Vines. That's breaks my heart. That's the most, that's the perfect encapsulation. It breaks my heart. Yeah. Vineyard Vines Cell. And She was a CAPA Delta. Somebody said she was a CAPA Delta title. Oh my God. But it's just that kind of stuff shakes me to my core jd.


Oh, that's really, that's dark shit, man. That's dark. That's, that's darker than a lot of what, what goes on in politics? A capa delta selling ozempic black market off out, out of side of Vineyard Vines. I'm gonna have nightmares. They Call it ozempic. But I, I, I, you know, I like worry. Okay. So America has a terrible obesity problem. Okay. And I'm not, look, I'm not a doctor. I'm not telling If you, your doctor tells you to take ozempic, follow your doctor's advice. Not, you know, what you're hearing from me on a Podcast. Yeah. It's shotty thick. I don't mind it a little, you know, What I worry about is okay, you know, you create a problem and then you medicate to solve the problem instead of like maybe solving the underlying problem. Right.


Right. Like, why don't we try to understand why it is that we have a terrible obesity epidemic rather than just giving people another pill to pop. Well, it's also, we get used to that then after a while. And then it's hard to put the toothpaste back in the tube. That's exactly right. That's one of the tough That's that's right. And that's more of like a, a kind of a bigger look at that. Like Yeah. It's like how much personal responsibility. It's like, that's something I struggle with sometimes. My brother and I talk about this sometimes, like, you know, people have problems and specifically even like thinking about the Oxycontin thing, like they created a medicine that was so strong that even your ability, your god-given ability to, to be able to battle against it.


Like you'd be in AA rooms and you'd see people that came in from opioid and it was something different than alcoholism. That's exactly right. It wasn't alcohol, it wasn't, it was addiction, but it was something different. It was like, that's right. These people, it's zombied these people. It's like, it's like they created this, this skip card in Uno or something. It was like, so at that point like, shit, what were we talking about? I had a good idea Talking about opioids, the effect it has on people's brains. Pharmaceutical companies making money from, we're talking about ozempic putting the toothpaste back in the tube. Right. Right. Oh, personal responsibility. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. You were almost there. Sorry. You, you helped me. You laid all the breadcrumbs, Dave.


That's good man. So, but yet I'm Here to, I'm here to help, man. It's your next vice president. I'll live to serve however I can, You just helped me right there. But yeah, it's like the, but then they created something that was so powerful. It kind of exceeded our ability, our natural ability to be able to fight against it. Right? Yes. So at that point, personal responsibility kind of isn't, it's, it's still there, but it's not exactly fair because you're allowing a company to create something that you can't naturally compete against It. It turns you into a zombie man. Yeah. I mean it really, sorry That took so long. My brain is Bad. No man.


No, it's, it's, I know exactly what you mean. And it's, it's, it's, it's like one thing to sort of take a pill so your pain goes away or you take a pill 'cause you know, you've got a lung infection, the lung infection goes away or like, whatever. When something can so fundamentally transform your personality and your sense of, you know, ambition and reward. Like what do you, what are you going after? It's not a medicine then it's, it's, yeah. It's not a medicine. It's very, it's very, very weird. Like, that's the thing. It's not a medicine that is a drug. Yeah. And I, I mean my, my mom like, to her great credit man, I don't know how she does this because look, look, there are some things where you really do need a strong pain medication. Right. And I forget something happened a couple years ago where they were like, you know, she, maybe she had some infection, but they, they really wanted to give her oxy.


And she was just like, no, I refused to take it. So she, for a couple days, I mean, she was in agonizing pain, but she just took Advil, took Tylenol, and she was fine. Yeah. And she, and she and she persevered through it. But man, you're right. The the stuff, it, it just, yeah. It's like it changes not just your personality, but it changes whether you can take care of yourself and other people. Right. Like for most normal people, there's this thing where it's like, oh, oh crap, I'm not taking care of my kids. My kids need me. I gotta change something. Right? Yeah. But if you're on opioids, it's like, it flips a switch off where Yeah. I'm not taking care of my kids, but maybe I don't give a shit. Yeah. Because the drugs have so affected my brain.


Yeah. I think that's it, man. And with that, so staying in the health in like medical and healthcare thoughts. Yeah. One of the major, and I wrote this down so I can say it clearly and to just save everybody time who's listening, one of the major bipartisan issues that's plaguing Americans is the healthcare system, which has become outrageously expensive. Right? Sure. It's, it's unaffordable. It's inaccessible by millions of Americans. We're overpaying hospitals and insurance companies that hide their prices. Yes. And they charge us whatever they want. Yeah. Patients overpay, workers overpay companies overpay. The taxpayers overpay on this podcast, BERNIE SANDERS came on and he stressed the need for healthcare price transparency.


Donald Trump did the same thing. He had an executive order. Yeah. I think it's still in place that demands price transparency. Mark Cuban stressed the need for healthcare price transparency. How do we not have real prices and transparency in healthcare knowing that it's exactly what America needs, so that our healthcare system will be honest and affordable and accessible. Yeah. Well you're right that we should have it. And the reason that we don't is unfortunately because there are a lot of powerful people who get rich off of keeping these things secret. And so they don't want transparency, they don't want sunshine. You can say Chuck Schumer If you want I won't say that. Well, I mean, look, you're right though.


Like obviously Bernie and I are on the same team politically, but there are some healthcare things like price transparency. We're actually, I think he and President Trump are both right. That there's nothing that you, I mean, you go to Starbucks, right? You buy coffee, you know how much you're getting, you know how much it's, it's costing you, you know, I remember when my, my wife, I think it was our second baby, where, you know, you get like pain medications. 'cause when you're delivering a baby, at least most people do. 'cause it's like a very painful experience. Yeah. And there was some weird thing where the, the, the doctor that she chose was out of network and she didn't real, I mean, you know, you're not checking whether the doctor's in network at the time. Right. You just sort of choosing a doctor and we come home and we have like a $15,000 unexpected bill because she chose the wrong doctor an hour before she delivers a baby.


That's crazy. And it's like, this is totally crazy. And I'm, you know, we're in a situation where that, that was not a big deal for us. We were able to afford it. But think about like a, a normal middle class family goes and has a baby and comes home to a medical bill that's like a fifth of their entire take home pay that year. Yeah. Right. That's Crazy. Oh, the number one cause of bankruptcy in America is medical debt. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a huge, huge problem. And I think the price transparency is a big part of it. But you ask like, why hasn't it happened? So, 'cause every time that we try to force tri price transparency, the service, the service providers, the insurance companies or the pharmaceutical companies don't actually want that transparency.


Here's one of the reasons why the pharmaceutical companies don't want transparency. It's because if Americans, if we realized how much more we were paying for pharmaceuticals over the Europeans, there would be a revolution in this country. We pay a lot more than them. We Pay way more than them. And again, like I, I, my attitude is I am fine with people, you know, If, you invent a, a lifesaving cancer drug, I'm fine with people earning a great profit for doing something amazing like that. You wanna, you wanna motivate people to do it in the first place. Right. And, and a lot of people were obviously motivated by that profit motive. But if If, you take certain drugs that are, you know, they cost a hundred dollars in the United States of America and they're way, way cheaper in Europe or some of these really expensive multi-thousand dollar cancer.


Bring that up. Bring something up for me. Yeah. These really expensive, like ne next generation cancer therapeutics, they cost way less in Europe. Okay. And This says in 2022, US prices across all drugs, brands and generics were nearly 2.78 times as high as prices in, in the comparison countries. US prices for brand drugs were at least 3.22 times as high as prices in the comparison countries, even after adjustments for estimated US rebates. Wow. Does it show those countries? Is there a chart with that or? No, I love a chart. It's, it's, it's OECD countries, which is ma mainly Europe. Those are like Okay. The, the advanced economies, basically the, Okay. That's what that means.


The rich countries basically. OECD. Okay. Yeah. And And. what, So first world countries probably, Basically. Okay. Yeah. So Canada probably Israel's in there. A lot of the, a lot of the European countries I think are all in OCD. Okay. United States, Germany, Canada, Japan, sweat, Erland, Switzerland. I can't see that. Switzerland would be terrible. Yeah. Switzer Even heard of that. Yeah. Comparable county average. You're screwing with me. Austria. Well I think they misspelled it. Dude. There's not that many zits in it.


Australia, United Kingdom of Sweden. Wow. So we pay per capita spending on prescription drugs in 2019. 900 And. what does per capita mean? Just Per Person. Okay. Per person. Yeah. $963 per person. Whereas in Sweden, $270 United Kingdom, $273, dude. Yeah. That's crazy. Right? Yeah. That's not fair dude. That's not fair. They colonize everybody and they're paying cheaper for dope. That's exactly right. But again, but again, the reason we don't really know what we're paying here is because, you know, 'cause they hide it. They Hide it, they hide it and they don't want to let people know because If, you let people know then they would demand to pay less.


But, or what something President Trump a pro pros, for example, I think it's a very good idea, is that he proposed reimporting drugs from Europe. Basically. If they're selling it in Sweden or wherever for $270 per person and we're paying $963 per person, then we'll just buy it in Sweden and bring it in the United States. I love that. Right. That was a big, big thing. Of course the pharmaceutical companies don't like that, but, And that's why he got, that's why they tried to assassinate him twice probably. Well, that's probably one of the things that could happened. I mean, I, I I, I of course have no idea No inside knowledge into, into what drove the motives of the assassins. Oh yeah. I'm just joking. But, but yeah. But I Wouldn't be shocked mean It's A lot of money, man. I wouldn't be shocked if there's some really dark stuff out there.


'cause look, two separate people have tried to take a swing at this guy in about three months. Yeah. Like, Well, you know, they didn't like Donald Trump. Right. 'cause they wouldn't have tried to shoot him if they, if they liked him. But I, I wouldn't be, I mean, the first guy who, who went after Trump, I may hate to put on the tinfoil hat here, but we, we've not been able to get unable to get into his phone. We know that he had all these like, foreign encrypted apps on his cell phone. It is crazy to me that we don't know the guy's motive. Yeah. It's nuts. He almost killed the president. Yeah. and he, And we don't know why he did it. We don't know anything about the guy. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, he had a lunchbox or something. It's like the vaguest information they keep putting out about the guy.


you know, he's been using a library car, but like, He had a, gives a Shit. Exactly. Yeah. His mom's name was Sharon. It's like, great, thank you Dude. Yeah, dude. Yeah. They're like, oh, he, yeah. They're like, oh, he was a cults fan. You're like, who gives a Pop? Who gives a shit? Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly Right. Give Give us the information on The guy. Yeah. He, you know. So how do we stop that? Do you Get a do you get approached by lobbyists and stuff like that? Like all the time. All do you really? All the time. And. what does that look like? Who are they, what are they wearing? Like How do they're they're, they're so lobbyists. Here's how you spot 'em. Okay. They're always wearing poorly fitted suits with extremely ugly ties.


Oh. So If, you go out and you see a guy with a poorly fitting suit, an extremely ugly tie. He's definitely a lobbyist. Okay. Okay. It's like, it's like in Happy Gilmore. He's a lobbyist for big fabric. Huh. It sounds like It's like in Happy Gilmore where the guy's like, you know, the, the, the coach is trying to get happy Gilmore to play golf and, and Happy's like, you know, you know what you need to play Golf is goofy, goofy pants and a fat ass. That's what you need to be a lobbyist. Got it. Is goofy pants. And, and that, But why can't we, if everybody knows you, by the Way, I like golf, so I wanna be clear. I like golf. Do you like golf? I, I, I, I, I, I'm not that good at it. Okay. I'll play when I Get a little bit older. I don't wanna slow people down.


Okay. Right now. Fair, Fair point. You know, but anyway. Yeah. So, so, okay. The, the, The way that I like Brooks Kka. Yeah, I do too. He's cool. Yeah. He seems like a cool dude. And I like that girl that smokes, that plays dude, puffer mcg Gav or whatever her name is. I, I, I have eyes only for one woman. Theo. I've got, I've only my wife's. Yeah. No, I like her. You, you don't have to know what I'm talking about Her. No comment. Not she's the hot, no comment, no comment from Senator Van. She's John Daley. I know who you're talking about. Yeah. She's like hot. The hot John Daly. Yeah. So John Daley doesn't really do it for you. He's a good, he's a good dude though. Oh no. I like John, man. I definitely, oh, If, you need a ride in an ambulance.


Hang out with John. You'll get one in heartbeats. And I ju I'm just joking. I think, I think it was tired. But also it's true. I've been at two places where John's been taken one time they came in looking for him. He went out there and was sitting in the shotgun. It's awesome. And they're like, where is he? Oh my God. He tried to help you guys out. Oh, that is so funny. He's a legend. He's gotta come on here soon. He's legend. But how do we stop that? If all the senators in Congress, people know it, like BERNIE SANDERS said there's three times as many lobbyists in DC as there are congressmen and senators. Then why don't we get that shit out? Like, or Why don't, so yeah, okay. Here, here's Why doesn't it stop?


Like if all you guys know it and everybody's supposed to be working for the people, then why doesn't it stop? So I actually think that we're getting a little bit better compared to maybe 10 years ago. And people have no idea how much Washington was just completely run by lobbyists. And you know, you think about like guy on the left, like BERNIE SANDERS, but most importantly a guy on the right. Like Donald Trump completely blows the existing system up. And this is, by the way, like what I realized because I wasn't a Trump guy back in 2016, and obviously I'm his running mate now. So I really like him. What people don't realize is back in 2016, how much lobbyist money and influence there was that wanted to destroy Donald Trump. They hated the guy because he didn't owe anything to them. Right. He didn't come from the existing political process.


And If, you look at some of the younger guys who have come in, you know, we're, we're, we're much more just open about the fact that lobbyist influence is out there. Right? You can't be in DC without running into these people. But you gotta be honest with people. Like, I'm not gonna let this person write a piece of legislation for me. I'm not gonna let this person dictate how I vote. And yeah, I've gotten some, definitely some criticisms from the lobbyist groups in dc Some of them will say, well, you know, we don't know if we can trust this guy. And I that's fine with me. I'm, I'm, I'm okay. I'm okay with it. Not if the lobbyists can't trust you. Good. Exactly. And you're doing your job. That's Exactly right. That's, that's my exact attitude towards it. They Don't know if he can trust you, who gives a fuck. Exactly. That's exactly right. So, but that, but that, that is how the town works, is that If, you come in and you don't always take their meetings.


You don't always do what they want you to. Then they'll start whispering about you and then they can get articles written about you. They can have people say bad shit about you. This is why people call the corporate media is If. you pick up a story in the Washington Post and you read it and you know, here's this anonymous source of this, this anonymous source said that there is a 98% chance that the person who's attacking Donald Trump is on the take somehow. For sure. Whether it's a lobbyist or whether it's a political attacking anyone consultant, it's all dishonest money laundering bullshit. Yeah. That's all DC ultimately is, is people who get paid to offer an opinion instead of having a real opinion here. Here's the thing that I think we need to fix structurally about this. So lemme give you an example. you know, my senate staff has probably 40 or so people and you know, all extremely good people.


My staff tends to be a little bit younger. 'cause I'm one of the youngest, I'm the second youngest US Senator right now. And you know, like if I wanted to pay my chief of staff $30,000 more a year than what I pay him right now, I'm not allowed by law. So even though I'm a Senator and I was elected to represent the people of Ohio, I'm not allowed to control who I pay and how I pay them. It's all sort of set by law. And here's the bigger issue is that If, you think about it, you know, a lot of this, a lot of these big important laws are very complicated, right? They've got 800 pages, 900 pages, and I think the laws should be simpler. But if you've got a 900 page law and you've got a bunch of junior staffers who don't know the town very well and they don't make a whole lot of money, then the people who are writing the laws are not gonna be your junior staffers.


It's gonna be lobbyists. Right? And we've seen this multiple times with legislation that I've drafted where the lobbyists will actually ask to get into like the draft of the law and make changes for you and say, well, yeah, well, we'll justify No, no, no, no, no. I want my staff that works for me to write the laws that I'm drafting. That's crazy. But we, I I actually think that we need to empower senators and congressmen to hire who they want to make a bigger staff if they want. Because If, you think about it, the amount of staff a congressman has, a congresswoman has is a fraction of the federal budget. I mean, we're talking about like a percent of a percent of a penny on the federal budget. And so we, we, we could actually give people the staff that they need to, to be able to actually write the laws and to make sure the lobbyists don't have much influence.


And and you ask like, who are the lobbyists? Okay. The lobbyists are the people who are really good staffers, and then the staffers wanna buy a nicer house and they want to, you know, start a family and they can't, you know, DC's a very expensive town. I mean a, you know, a one bedroom apartment in DC will easily run you $4,000 a month right now. Yeah. Right. It's just a very expensive town. So then those people go and become lobbyists. They trade in their public service for a fat check. And I think that we gotta fix something about that Pipeline. Right? The same thing that happened with, with Oxycont, and they got the people that were working with the FDA to come and work for them. That's exactly right. That that is exactly right. So it happens at our Congress, it happens with our big bureaucratic agencies.


And I think we have to fix something about that. Like, we want the people in our government to be public spirited and focus on doing the public good. I don't think that this system that we have works very well where, you know, you do public service for a little bit and then you jump and go make a million dollars a year as a lobbyist, right? No, no, no, no, no, no. You, you gotta, I think you gotta separate those functions much better than you have right now. Yeah. Because then, then you're then, like, being a public servant is just a junior college for being, becoming a lobbyist. It seems like That is a big, a big worry that I have, especially with my staff. I mean, these are really smart, really good guys. And a big part of what I think about is a Senator, you can't afford to keep them. A big part of what I think about is how am I gonna keep these guys as they get more senior, as they become better at their job, as they become better at figuring out when a lobbyist is trying to sell 'em a bill of goods, right?


That's a skill. Right? And you acquire that skill over time When they can just spend whatever they want when they're the Yankees. That's exactly right. Yeah. Damn shit, dude. We're all gonna be addicted. No, we're not, man. I'm telling you, we're going, that's a joke. I I'm telling you, we're, we're actually going the right direction. This is what people don't. And I, and I recognize you probably have of your millions of listeners, some people love Trump and some people hate him, but, but the thing that Trump really changed about DC is that he was not beholden to the moneyed interests. Oh, well that's one thing that I also like about Bobby Kennedy that, I mean, I've known Bobby for years. Bobby's been a friend of mine for, for, for years. I knew him before. I thought Adi was gonna be do politics or anything, You know?


Yeah. He's a good dude, man. I like Bobby. He used to hold meetings at his house on Tuesdays and we would go to him. Yeah. In his backyard, dude. And one of his dogs always was s slobber and stuff on me. He was a huge dog. It might not even have been a dog 'cause he has a lot of animals, but would it Have been then, I don't know, dude, but he's had a lot of animals over the years, and as Bobby, what was his, and he can afford probably a big Animal. What was his baby dog? That was Slobbered Oliver Theo. But he doesn't need anything else. He's got a great name. He's got a, a cool wife. He's got, he doesn't, he's always cared about just making people healthy. If he, is he wrong sometimes on things? Sure. He probably is just like anybody else. Everybody's gonna be wrong. But, but I fucking, I'd rather have somebody just raise their hand and ask questions. Like, Absolutely. That's one thing that I just love about him, that he's not beholding to any of these people.


you know, the The thing that I hate about politics and just media culture in this country right now, man, is people are so afraid of saying anything that's unconventional. They're, they're, they're afraid of thinking thoughts that you're not allowed to think. Like the biggest ideas come from people who just follow the truth. Right? And yeah, sometimes they're gonna be wrong, sometimes they're not gonna get everything. Right. But we've gotta stop punishing people like Bobby Kennedy for saying, well, maybe. Yeah. Hey, what about that? This doesn't Work. Yeah. Hey, what about that? Exactly. Yeah. Like that. Hey, what about that is something we have to preserve. And I do feel like we're trying to do, we're kind of destroying it. This, this is so, I'm gonna sound like an old man, but this is what I think is really jacked up about social media is okay, we're all social animals, right?


We're all influenced by people around us. Oh yeah. But look, 30 years ago, an opinion, it would take it many, many days before an opinion became the accepted conventional wisdom. you know, you'd have to be repeated in one newspaper, then repeated in another newspaper, and people would talk about it. Now you can have something happen on social media, it's viral, and 10 minutes later you've got like the social media feeding frenzy that says, well, here's this thing that I came up with 10 minutes ago, and If, you don't agree with that thing I came up with 10 minutes ago. Then there's gonna be a feeding frenzy attacking you, attacking your family, finding out where you worked and attack it. Trying to attack your employer for keeping you in a job like that is a really jacked up thing to take the, the normal human social impulse to wanna be liked and to, you know, wanna make friends and to put it all on the internet where it operates at like the speed of light.


I think there's something very deranged about that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and it's also, it's like you, we do you, are you a repeater or are you a thinker? Like Yes, that's a thing. It's like we get so preoccupied now and so occupied so quickly that we don't even put it through our own filter. That's exactly Right. And it's like, and then our filter starts to not even be a filter anymore because it's like, well, nobody's using me. I'll just, I'm just a pathway now. Yeah. And that's what starts to happen. That's how we all start to become desensitized to everything and We just become repeaters. Right, right. That's exactly what social media does, is it just turns us all into repeaters. I like that Bobby Kennedy is sort of willing to say, no, no, no, no. I'm actually gonna think for myself Yeah.


On this topic. I mean, it is crazy. Why, why do we have such a terrible obesity problem? Why do we have all these, like, you know, certain types of diabetes are on the rise among children today. It's like, okay, we're the richest country in the history of the world, and you know, children are getting diseases that they didn't get 30, 40 years ago. Like, somebody should be saying, what the hell is going on? Or like, Yeah, somebody should, and it should be our leaders. But the, it feels like there's so much compromisation in there. I mean, Dude, dude, do, do you know, okay, this is a a, a paper by a Nobel. Yeah, yeah. We're we're, yeah. We'll take a few more minutes. Yeah. Now we're just having fun. But there's a paper by a Nobel Prize winning economist that talks about the return to education in years of life.


And do you know how much, take a person who's got a four year degree versus a person who never went to college, do you know how much longer the person with a four year degree lives in the United States of America right now? Seven years. Seven years longer? Yeah. So going to college, you get rewarded with seven years of additional life. If that doesn't tell you something is seriously fucked up in our country, then nothing will. Right, right. That is not okay. th and, and, and it, and it's part of it, it's it's health. Part of it's that, you know, people are working more dangerous jobs if they don't have a college degree. But part of it's just that we have, have, I think, made it so hard to get by in our country, If, you don't have a four year degree that people are, you know, they're not making enough money to support their families and they get stressed out, then they turn to addiction.


Of course, addiction happens to everybody, but it's much more common among those without a college degree. Yeah. So I, I just thi this to me is like, what, what is this campaign about? Like what is Trump being president about is fixing the big problems, not like the bullshit fake problems that the media gets us to focus on. Not the slogans, but why are people dying seven years earlier if they don't have a college degree? Why do we have this historic obesity epidemic in the richest country in the world? Why do we have like wars breaking out like crazy all over the world? Why do pharmaceutical companies get rich by forcing therapeutics that aren't even always good for us?


Right. Like the, these are like big, big, big issues that frankly, I think absent Trump, we wouldn't even be talking about this stuff. Well, I, I mean, I definitely think that one of the things that certainly excited me about Trump when he first was running was, wow, this guy is fucking rogue. Yeah. And you know what? And this whole thing is so messed up now that that's what you I would, I, I hated politics so much. I, I just, I hated that. I was like, I would hire a, I would hire a Muppet to go in there with a hammer. That's right, man. I would hire a Muppet with a hammer if I could vote for a Muppet with a hammer. And that's how most people feel.


It's like, it doesn't even feel like it's working for us anymore. So what does it even matter? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But so that's why I think Bobby, that's one thing that I did, that's one thing that I thought was pretty amazing about bringing Bobby Kennedy into you guys' campaign is that he's a sheriff for that kind of shit. He really is, you know? Yeah. For caring, I think for just for genuinely caring about people. I agree. Because I know, I know he cares about people. It's like I have friends that don't care about me. They're still my friends, some of them, but he's a friend that is a caring guy. Yeah. Yeah. That's absolutely right. So that is I think why I've vouched for him a lot. Yeah. I had one more thing. Let me see. Okay. Oh, the polls and stuff.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I've been looking at the polls recently. Yeah. And especially at Kalshi, as is a place where I look at 'em. Okay. This, Is this the betting market stuff? Yeah. They're a website and an app where people can bet money on regular happenings, like in society. Yep. Like not just po political stuff, anything from like politics to entertainment. And I think it's a good tracker of, in a capitalistic society because it's people putting their money down. Right. That's right's. Like, so it's people saying, this is what I think, right? Yeah. With my money as opposed to just other polls. What, what's the latest on there? What does it say? Oh, It says like Trump is 57, Kamala is 43 Trump, 57%. That's pretty good.


Yeah, that's pretty good. Does it say the total amount of money that people have bet or not yet? Oh, it says 32,917,000. Wow. That's A lot of money has been put out there. Yeah. On this. It just, yeah. So that's why I like to follow their stuff just because it's actually people putting their money down. Sure. Are there, what do you think of polls that are out there these days? Do you guys follow these polls? Is that real stuff to you? like I know that like yeah, they had the Clinton Trump poll years ago and they had Clinton, it was neck and neck or something, and then it wasn't when it came out. Yeah. Do you guys follow any of that? Or is that really part of the daily routine? Not really, man. I mean, I, I, I can, I can get you in the weeds a little bit, but I'll try to, I'll try to, I live and breathe this stuff, so I try not to make it, make it too intense Here, but I just don't trust a lot of media.


So it's like, here's Yeah, here, here's basically the way you shouldn't trust polls whether they're good for us or bad for us. And here's the reason you shouldn't trust polls is about 10 years ago, every 10th person you called to do a poll would answer. Now it's about one in 30 people. Okay. And another important thing is that if you're a democrat, especially If, you're a higher education level Democrat, you're much more willing to answer pollster questions. Where if you're, excuse me, if you're like my family, if somebody called them a stranger and said, who are you gonna vote for? They would say, F you and hang up the phone. Oh yeah. So what, what the reason the polls has gotten so bad is because Trump voters are less likely to answer pollster questions.


And Kamala Harris voters are much more likely to answer pollster questions. So it's very hard to get an accurate sample to give you any, any sense of what's going on now. But Do you just believe that, or you're just saying that? I actually believe that. Yeah. No, I, I, I believe that and I've seen it in, in my own race. For example, you know, I ran for Senate, there were all these public polls that say, you know, the race was tied or maybe we'd even lose by a few points. And the pollster that I had, who just polled for my campaign, he's actually Trump's pollster too. and he very smart guy. and he said, look, the reason these polls are wrong is because they're not reaching voters who don't like to answer polls and those voters are going heavily for you. So I said, okay, well how much are we gonna win by?


and he said, you're gonna win by six points. and we went by seven points. Hmm. Right. So he was much more accurate than the public pollsters. Now you ask why is he more accurate? Because most of the public polls, they cost 10, $20,000. Like If, you see a poll published in a newspaper article, 10 to $20,000 to get an accurate sample. These guys need to, to really it's, it's 60, $70,000. 'cause they've gotta call thousands and thousands of people to Get a representative sample of the American people. So honest, like sitting here. Honestly. Yeah, I think that chart's about right. I think that we've probably got about a 60% chance of winning. I think the polls would have to be wrong, but they'd have to be wrong in a pro Kamala direction, where normally they're wrong in a pro-Trump direction.


And you know, we've got 18 days, 17 days, man, and we're just gonna like do everything that we can to win this race. But you shouldn't believe the polls basically. Yeah. And I, and I, and I say this right now 'cause the polls are all saying we'd win. That's why, that's why it's 57, 43. Don't buy the polls because here's the thing, okay, It could keep people from voting also, it Could keep people from voting. But let's say for example, that some, something happened. I don't know what happened, but let's say something happened, there's a fire or something where the Yeah. Where the people who don't want to answer pollster questions are now Kamala voters. Right. So you, you just, you can't trust this stuff. You gotta assume that you just gotta work your ass off. That's what we're trying to do.


you know, president Trump and I doing multiple events a day at this point, and If, you, If you want, in my view, If, you wanna secure the border, have common sense economic policy, then Donald Trump is, is your man. And I I can say, man, something about Kamala Harris and I, I like I know a little bit about you and I've wrote about some of your political views and We've invited her and Mr. Wallace to come on. We would love If they would. Yeah, I I'm sure I'm sure you would. But, but, but like, you know, I hope they will. But like Sean O'Brien, who's, you know, the head of the teamsters, like one of the things that President Trump has sort of been known for is bringing more working class people into the Republican coalition, right? It's, I think one of the reasons why he's been very successful politically If.


you look at like where Kamala is on the big pharma stuff, or you look at where she is on the foreign conflict stuff. She, she's like very pro war or If. you look at where she is on things like how do we, how do we put tariffs on goods that are imported from China so that you don't have the Chinese undercutting the wages of American workers, right? Like the illegal immigration thing, like yeah, it's about fentanyl and drug trafficking. But when you bring in millions upon millions of illegal immigrants who are willing to work under the table, that undercuts the wages of American workers, right? So our own people get poorer. And I don't have anything against the illegal immigrants themselves. I have something against Kamala Harris who lets these people come in.


But I want our people to be able, you know, black, white, brown, whatever. I just want our people to be able to work for a solid wage. That doesn't work when you have people coming in like this. Well Some of it is we have to have personal responsibility too as, as people running companies to not hire. I agree. Those People as well. And so you have to enforce that side of it as well. I Agree. You gotta do both sides of it. I think we ought make it harder to hire legal labor. We also ought to make it harder for illegal labor to come into the country in the first place. I, I agree both sides of it, if gotta matter. But I think that's actually why we're doing so much better among working people is because they recognize like, I open borders not good for me right's, scary fentanyl in my community is not good for me.


Like this, this, this stuff with pharma is not good for me. And so they have become more open to Donald Trump. And I think that's a very good thing. 'cause I, I think, look man, between Bobby Kennedy, me obviously the president at the top of the ticket, I think we're gonna have such a cool administration that's gonna try to tackle the big things and not just govern along these bullshit slogans anymore. So look, I hope that ends up being true. 'cause I think we'll do a lot of good if we win If. you, no matter what happens in this election, would do you think you would run again in the future? I don't know, man. It's so hard to even imagine running for anything after this because I'm so obsessed with winning right now.


And you know, like I probably, you certainly probably would do another term in the Senate, but that doesn't come up for four more years. 'cause senate terms are six years. It's like whatever, run nationally. Again, I don't know man. That's a big, that's a big thing. It's a big, big thing to put your family through. Yeah. I can Imagine. And I've only, I've I've seen it for two months, three months now that I've been the VP nominee to, to run for that for two years. My attitude is let's get Donald Trump elected and let's fix as much as we can because then, then, then I think the country will be in a much better spot. like I don't, I don't mean to sound like a dor and you know, I I just really haven't thought about, sound like a dor. I I haven't really thought about what I would do in, in 2028 no matter what.


But man, if Kamala Harris is the president for the next four years and we have four more years of open borders, four more years of not putting tariffs on Chinese imports, four more years of the, the crazy foreign policy that's pro-war all over the world, I really do worry that the country's in a very, very bad spot. So I don't think too much about future politics. I just wanna win this race. How many times do politicians say stuff that's just on the trail and then when it comes time to actually get an office and do stuff, it seems like that person disappears Me. Hopefully not at all. Some politicians definitely say one thing and then, and then don't govern that way in, in the, in the private, in the privacy of, of their actual office.


I mean some of it's negotiation, right? Like some of it is, okay, so let's say you have a tax plan where you want 10 things to happen, but then to get the Democrats to vote for it, you have to take out two of those 10 things. Like that's just the, the, the give and take of governance. But I don't think that's what you're talking about. I mean, what, what you do see sometimes is people who say something on the campaign trail even though they affirmatively do not believe that thing at all. And that's just, That's Not you. It's dishonesty. It's certainly not me. It's certainly not Donald Trump. And they'd say what you will about Donald Trump, but he just says what he thinks. And I think that's actually one of the reasons why people like him. A lot of people are gonna vote for him. I think also 'cause it's just the funny who he's the funniest dude they've ever had in there. He is incredibly funny.


The shit he says is absolutely wild. He's, He's got a, he's got a great sense of humor. Can I tell you one story? Yeah. And then you have To go I know, I know. I have to go soon. I've got, you know, my, my person over here. I Understand very, I want you to get home to your Family. Yeah, no, I I I, no, I'm gonna have dinner with my kids tonight. So it's a big deal. Skyline Chili in, in, not in Cincinnati. We're doing Skyline Chili in Middletown. Even If, you have other chilling. You just say that then I won't tell you. That's one thing I don't care. If, you lie about that. No Man. Skyline is good. Have you ever had skyline? Skyline goes straight to the basement. I know that brother. I'll tell you that dude. I have had it. I respect it. Okay. Oh God, I've had it at a wedding. I've had, I've had it at a wedding in Covington, Kentucky. I've had Skyline Chili. Yeah, that's, That's a, that's a good wedding, man.


This must have been good friends any anyway. Yeah. So, so the, the first time, not that he had met, ever met my wife, but the first time President Trump spent any like, real time with my wife. Did He flirt with her or not? He didn't flirt with her. He is very sweet to her. you know, gave her a big hug, told her she was beautiful. I mean he's, you know, he's a very engaging guy. Yeah. Yeah. That's something the media doesn't tell people about him, but he's, he's a very engaging guy. Very easy to talk to. But it's so funny, like my wife is super diplomatic and so he asks her, he is like, Usha, you know, what do you think about your, your husband being involved in politics? And she says, oh, you know, it's nice. I I like, you know, supporting him, he really cares about public service, loves the people of Ohio. Just gives a very diplomatic answer.


And then he kind of chuckles and says, yeah, my wife hates it too. And it just like broke the ice perfectly. And then she could actually have a conversation with him. 'cause she wasn't trying to like talk to the president then. She was just talking to a guy at that point. Yeah. And he's, he's just, he's, he's got a very, a very good way about him and he breaks down those Barriers. Dude, he some funny stuff. Dude. That al funny Smith dinner the other night though. That shit was, Oh My Lord. Good. Yeah, if Tony Hinchcliffe helped him write that or not, I don't know. It's a good question. But he's, I'm telling you a lot of the stuff he just comes up with himself. I mean the, the line where he was talking about, you know, white dudes for Kamala. Oh yeah. And he was, that was tough.


and he, and he was like, he was like I, forget exactly what he said, but something to the effect of their Husbands and their, Their their, their wives and their wives, boyfriends are all voting for Trump. That shit was pretty crazy. Dude. Did you and like all good jokes, there's like an element of truth to it. Oh my best was he rubbed unlucky Chuck Schumer right there. I be squeeze a couple bucks out of the fucking insurance companies right there. Do you think our voting poll, do you think that our voting is fair? Do you think That I do, I do. I mean, look, I, our voting system is fair. I I I think we had some problems in 2020. I think the biggest problem in 2020 is that big tech interfered in the election like I. I I really think it's, Well I can't believe that Facebook and Twitter, when it was owned then they, they they admitted to like leaving certain things off and stuff.


Yeah. And not, and not faced any charges. They Admitted to censoring American citizens weeks before an election. Right. Yeah. A big deal. We talk about that other time. Big. Yeah, we gotta get into that. I I, yeah, if you'll have me back, I'll come back after we win and have a good conversation. But you're always welcome in Cincinnati even despite your views on Skyline. Hey man, I respect that. We'll be cheering your mom on. Thanks man. Get a 10 year chip. It's in January. It's in January. Awesome man. Mr. Vance, thank you so much for spending time with us today. Thanks Man. Good to see you. Now I'm just on feel, I'm like these leaves I must be cornerstone, but when I reach that ground, this of I can.