
I have some Tour Dates upcoming to tell you about Bloomington, Indiana, November 13th, Columbus, Ohio, Champaign Illinois. Over there in Illinois, grand Rapids, Michigan, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas. There are some tickets still available. Theo Von dot com slash TN, OUR. Make sure to go through that link so you're getting fair priced tickets. Today's guest is a rapper out of Dallas, Texas. He has His new album, Take Care, which he's on tour with right now. He has hit songs, Texas Whip it and others we're grateful for his time.


Today's guest is Big X, the plug. Where'd you just come from? From touring. I'm gonna move this down. Or you A touch plug where we just come from Louisville, Kentucky. Oh yeah. Yes sir. How was that? All right. Yeah, it was, it was good. It was good. Yeah. And I didn't think, what did, was it soda? No, but they was, it was packed.


95%. Yeah, it was crazy though. They Got a lot of horses up there too. I've been to the horse track up there. Yeah, I was just gonna say, don't they do like derbies and stuff? Yeah, It's nice. Some of the horses are strong, some of 'em aren't that strong. What else has been going on? Yeah, I was just up in Montana. We had some shows up there. Met some Native Americans up there. Okay. You ever met any Native Americans? Like A real life one? I don't think so. I don't Think so. We met a couple up there. They're pretty cool, man. and we was up at, I met, they, we were at a auto zone up there and they had a couple native Americans up there and we met 'em and yeah, they're, they're just wild and they try to, they have a lot of good weed too, a lot of times.


Oh, Okay. Then. Yeah, I probably would've bumped into a few. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I heard this beautiful out there, Buzi, that's one of my close friends and he was just out there shooting a video and he was like, bro, I think I'm finna move out here. It's crazy out here. It's so nice. I gotta, I gotta make sure I stop by there for sure. Yeah, it looks like you're like on another, like I mean it looks like you're on this planet, but on a, just like on the best parts of it, you look out there and they got all kind of exotic animals too out there. That's crazy. That's why I think, yeah, yeah. Native Americans have the best weed. I've always heard that. I never gotten to smoke any with them. They got that shit that'll bring you dead relatives back. you know? They got that real, they got that Sue say of gas on me. I, I'm, do I do, I wanna smoke that.


Good Point. I can bring you then relatives back. Do you wanna smoke that? That's true. Mean, I guess If, you owe somebody some money, you maybe just let 'em be where they're At. Yeah, yeah, no, for sure. Yeah. And they had the best pets too. Think about it. Native Americans had the best pets, man. Falcon, Buffalo, Eagles. I'm scared of all that. All that type of stuff. Really? I'm scared of any animal that's from one bigger than me. Yeah. So like horses, cows, I'm terrified of them. Yeah, that makes sense. And then just Eagles and all that stuff. Like you can't really do nothing about those. So if they fly down and grab you and rip skin enough, you can't do nothing to 'em. Can't. So, yeah. Nah, I'm, nah, I don't do bugs.


I don't do exotic blizzards. I don't do snakes. I don't really, I could see you with a nice bird, man. With a bird. Yeah. I do have a bird. My daughter's name, her nickname is Bird, so, oh, that's as good as it get. I was terrified right there. Oh, Wow. Yeah, I was terrified. You sound far away. Oh yeah. From North. Oh it is? Yeah. Yeah. You kept your distance. Wow. Did, you even FaceTime with that thing first, or they just brought him straight up? No, they just, they just brought it. Oh, they just brought it. Yeah. That kind of stuff is a lot, man. Horses make me nervous too. They're just so big and you don't trust them, you know? Yeah, exactly. And I don't trust anything that I only could see outta the side of its head. That too. That too. You know, that's how I really feel about a lot of animals.


But Did, you ever have any pets growing up? Yeah, a lot of dogs. Oh Yeah. A lot of dogs. What kind do y'all Have? Rod Wallers right now I have a cane corso. I have two pocket bullies. Got a Frenchy, but just, yeah, yeah, yeah. That actually looks just like my dog, Sasha that's at the house right now with the white patches and everything. And Does y'all have a chain on it? No. No. She's, she's horrible. She's bad, so like Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can you even pet her or Nuh, Yeah. No, you can pet her or whatnot, but she just, if she don't know you, she'll go crazy. Oh God. But once you, once she smear you and she good, and you, you locked in, Ida wouldn't even risk it. See, I get scared getting high around dangerous animals.


That's one of my big things, you know? I would've sometimes trouble smoking with the brothers when I was young because a lot of 'em would bring a dog with 'em Now. And If we got high, it was just made me too nervous, man. I'd get outta my own car and leave everybody in there one time, man. Because I couldn't handle it. Well, you might wanna stay away from that weed in my tongue. Ain't wanna stay away. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I stay off that native stuff, man. Thank you so much for joining us, bro. No, for sure. I'm, it's a blessing to be here. Yeah. Congratulations on all your success, man. Yes, Sir. Appreciate You. Appreciate. It's exciting. Yeah. I love listening to your, your songs like the, they all have this beginning that kind of creates this, like, it almost feels like it's a start of a movie.


Yeah. It's like before, like you come in with the lyrics, it's like there's this, each one has like this ambiance that gets going. Who makes that? How do y'all make that choice? Like how does that happen? When I just, I've been with the same producer for about two, three years now. Band play Tony Coles. And so we kind of just know each other's like souls at this point. And so they just, you know, they go based off of what they'll feel like I I would mess with in a song. And then they go from there, Tony, pick out the sample, man played, do the, the eight oh, eights all the beatings on it. And then it just, it just go, they know I like the, I'm a buildup person.


So that little, that beginning, that's, that's my buildup. Yeah. It almost feel kind of romantic in the beginning, some of it. Nah, for sure. Get you in the mood. Yeah. Get you ready. It make you want to hear what I'm about to say. So that video with the skydiving, did y'all really skydiving it? No, I would never skydive in my life. Really? Oh, you could go down Quick sky, Bungee jump. I, I'm one of those people who believe in like, I just feel like I would have a heart attack before I got, Yeah. You know, I was faint or something, so now I can't pull my string, so I'd just rather not do it. I'd just rather not do it. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why some people do it. I wonder if they have a lot of, yeah, the video.


That was so tough, man. How did y'all shoot it though? Did. you guys have like a fake chopper or something? A fake, A fake plane. A lot of air and gray acting. Yeah. Anybody want me in the movie? There you go. Yeah, you could be in like a paratrooper movie man. For Sure. And It don't look like I fell that fast. It actually, like, I fell at a, At a decent Rate up, up there Wing. I, I would drop fast. Right then. It did seem like you were, because I was kind of, when I was watching that, 'cause usually if people are really flying, you see the, like, the cheeks going like that. And I was like, man, it seemed like he's kind of going at a casual speed. But that's when you know, you got, when you got a vibe, bro, when you can skydive at a casual speed. Yeah. Yeah. Where You can do it your own way.


Yeah. What's happening in Texas, man? Still hot. How has your life changed over there? Like even in the past two years? Probably. I mean, for me it hasn't really changed. I still do the same daily stuff I would do if I was home. Yeah. But of course, it's, everybody know me now, so now instead of going to Walmart, I now have to do curbside pickups. Yeah. So now, you know, it's just stuff like that. But as far as me and my home and my family, ain't nothing really changed. We still, everybody kick it when we can. you know, if not, I'm at home with my kids chilling, you know, nothing too major.


I don't, I'm as basic as it get. I don't, you know, I don't treat myself like a superstar or nothing like that. So Is it, does it feel overwhelming sometimes with people knowing you as much? Is it sometimes a little bit, like, what is it like, does it feel kind of like alarming sometimes? Does it feel like what you thought it would feel like, because it's, a lot of people don't get to become, get to have that much popularity, right? Yeah. It just, so it's interesting when it does happen to somebody because it's just a rare thing. Yeah. Right. I mean, I mean, as far as like I was popular in school, but then it's like after that era faded out, I started doing stuff that it's like, you kind of don't want people to, to know, like, to know who you are.


And now it's like, I gotta let people get this close to me before I know if they're a friend or fo. So of course it bother me, but I mean, it come with the, come with the job. So Yeah. I just gotta keep big guys like him around me, so. Yes sir. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good choice there. And, and yeah. Is it more dangerous? Because I think, like, it's funny sometimes if you're just like a regular guy, nobody will try to shoot you. But then when you're a rapper, people try to shoot you. Yeah, yeah. You, you definitely, and I, it's just a lot of, you know, just like it's God in the world. It's the devil, you know? It's the devil too, man. you know, the paths that some people decide to take is not always the right one.


So, you know, you just gotta kind of be prepared for it. Yeah. You're a target because everybody feel like you got all this money, all of this Sweden, people don't even know. Like, so a lot of these major artists, all they have is that chain and that watch. They don't got no money, you know? So you just did what you did for the chain. And watch me, I try to treat everybody as equal. So like, when a person walk up on me, I'm gonna give you that picture. I'm gonna talk to you as if you're a normal person. 'cause that's what makes somebody want to get you when you, nah, I'm good. I don't, you know, you, that's what set when you, when you show them that separation. Yeah. That's when they want what you got When you're too fancy. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. For rappers, it just feels like da, it just feels a little bit more dangerous.


I feel like, you know, like, do you have to keep like a EMT with like, like do your people know CPR and your team and stuff like that? Or what is it like? I ain't gonna lie, fellas. If I have, if we get to that point, don't y'all put y'all lips on me? Aw Bro. Don't y'all put y'all lips on me. Y'all find the nearest woman and y'all teach, y'all teach her how to do it. But don't y'all put y'all lips on me, bro. You have some girl sitting there watching a YouTube video. Yeah, yeah. I can't, nah, I can't go through that. So Bro, you ain't gonna feel it, bro. You going to be just, But when I come to, that's a question you gotta ask. you know, when you come to and you say what happened? So there's a, there's gonna be that guy that's in the back of the room, like, you know, and I don't wanna deal with that.


Yeah, that's true. You gonna have to look him in The eye. and he got, you have to and you don't, you don't know whether to say thank you or let's fight, you know, Hey, chill bro. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Hey, next time ask first. Yeah. And then my, my partner's so funny that they ain't gonna do nothing. Make a joke about it. I almost died. And y'all talking about some, but y'all kiss though. Y'all kiss. you know, So you alive, but you a little zested. Huh? Just, Just find the nearest woman. Find the nearest woman for me. I don't care how old, she's just find the nearest woman please. Yeah, that's what I just wonder. I think I would keep, if I was in the rapper, I would have somebody bow in there, rose somebody with a couple choppers on them, everything Dracos, everything guns, fucking The little ninja things.


Yeah. Fucking hell bro. Magic metal, fucking ninja stars, all of that shit, boy. I mean, you just, you know, torch, you just, you just pray for the best Acts. I would've, everything, bro. I'd have somebody just walking around look like they were in one of those video games where they have all the weapons behind them like that. Like when They get ready to go to war, they pack all of the weapons, but then they don't use none of them. Yeah, yeah. I know, I know. Well, even cops now, they got so many things on 'em. They got a taser, they got a gun, they got a, a slingshot, they got a pepper spray, they got a fucking, you know, a thing of marbles. They got all kind of shit on 'em, bro. You'll see they got a, I've never seen an officer with a bag of marbles, but They got, they got so many things now, bro. He got a camera, he, they got a little spatula, you know, a thing of just breath man said dude, he's just shooting Mentos at people.


you know, they got, I don't even, I couldn't even imagine running around with all that stuff on me now. Yeah, nah. Yeah, they do. They gotta chase people there and a lot. Yeah, that's crazy. On top of the vest that's already hit. Yeah, They're built like a seven 11 and they gotta run around and chase everybody down. It's too much. Everybody would get away from me if I was the police. I'll catch you eventually, you know. Hey, I'll catch you in the future. Yeah. Now let me see you again because I can, I wouldn't, you know, Did you, what was like a first job that you had? Man, My first ever job was Taco Cab Baba. I was 16, I was getting paid seven. I was supposed to get paid 7 25. But when I started working my first day, he said 7 25.


No, you too good of a worker. I pay you seven 50. Really? And I just thought I was that guy. Seven 50. That was my first ever check. My first check was like $200, two weeks work, bro. When you got that check, it was nice, huh? No, I was so upset. It was like two, $300. Oh, two weeks of work. Yeah. I was so mad. But I kept going. I kept going. And how long were you in over there at the, at Cabana? Maybe like a month, month and a half. Damn. If you didn't keep going at all? Man, I've never had a, I've never had a job over fi four or five months. Really? What was it about it you think? Did y'all have some, like, was it contractual issues? What was the deal of it there? As Bad as it sounds, it's just something about somebody telling me what to do.


you know what I'm saying? Especially in that aspect. It's like you're not even the big dog. You, you work for them, just like I work for them. And you sitting here telling me what to do. Exactly. I just always felt like I watched my mom and my pops growing up. They was all there entrepreneurs. So they, you know, they was their own bosses. And here I am working at Taco Cabella, getting paid seven 50 when I would rather be my own boss. Yeah. So I think that's probably me having that first job is probably what made me start wanting to do stuff to just be my own entity, my own boss. Because that was horrible. Having to somebody telling you when to come in, telling you what to do at the job.


I just, I couldn't do it. Yeah. Couldn't do it. And was there any of the food pretty good or was it like Yeah. Yeah. They used to have this little, I don't even know what the bowl is called, but it's like a bowl. Shell, like, it's a bowl, but it's a, like the, the bowl is a shell and inside of that you got like, your meats, your guacamole, rice, beans. I like all that. You can just crush the bowl. Exactly. Hey, whoever's doing that is doing a great job. Oh, we About to pay that dude seven 50 an hour. I'll tell you That. I, can We keeping him Get a new job, get a new job by, that Does look good. That's like a little magic hat or something. Filled with a down little Thanksgiving and a little Mexican Thanksgiving in there.


That was my, every time I would leave work. That's what I was taking with me. Yeah. Cabana bowl And. what? Y'all had dessert choices up there too? Soap PIs. Oh yeah. Soap PIs. God Bro. With ice cream with 'em. Not ice cream, black. It's some little ice cream at the head. I love those. But yeah, soap PIs. Okay. That was my first time ever having a sober appeal was at that job. My favorite thing to make there. Yeah. You just gotta drop it in some grease come out like the little perfect little square thing. Dip it in the sauce. You good? Oh yeah. And y'all could smoke on the job. Was that allowed or not? No, And this was, I was a football player at that time, so I wasn't really just smoking. I ain't really, I was, I was on a whole, some old other stuff.


See, whenever I had jobs is when I was kind of like, on a different path. Whenever I didn't have a job, it was a different path. I I was trying to be my own boss at that time. So What was, you said one of your folks, they had their own business. What, what work did, what was their business? They had? I mean, it wasn't nothing that you could like write off on your taxes, you know, you could do taxes or whatnot, you know, but Yeah. Yeah. They, and they paid the bills. They got the bills paid. Nobody filled out a W nine, nah, nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. But the bills was paid. It was closed on my back and there, you know, there was a roof over my head. So I can't complain to about Yeah, not at all, man.


Did your parents, are your parents still married or no? No, They was broke up before I even came out the womb. Oh, wow. But you know, they still good friends. They, they both helped. Take Care of me got, made me the man I am today. So, I mean, it worked out for me. When, what, when you had, 'cause you have how many children? You said you have one daughter? Yeah, I got a, I have a newborn little girl. She's about to be eight months. And I got a little boy, he's about to be six. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I think I saw in one of your videos maybe. Yeah, boy. Oh, that's cool. Boy. Yeah, that's my dog right there. Is he, is he cool? Yeah. Yeah. What does he like to do? Huh? Cause havoc. So my little boy got autism. So he just, he's just real.


He's him, you know, like he, he's the one he'll sit here and be quiet one moment and the next moment he trying to take something from you and run around with it. He just, he a character man. He his own entity within his himself. Yeah. Carter. Yeah. Oh, he is handsome guy, Just like his daddy. Yeah. But yeah. What if he has, so autism, does he have, like, is it almost really interesting having a child with autism? Because it almost seems like it's more of a complex relationship or something So that they're actually, actually some of the smartest kids in the world. Smartest people in the world. It's Just, oh yeah. Elon Musk had all his guys out. Autism, the guys that are making all the machinery now you gotta have autism even get a damn job at some of these joints.


But so, so like with him, it's just, it's more like of his speech. like I could tell him, turn on the tv, I can ask him what you wanna watch. You can point it out. It's just his speech. Like, it's like his words. Not all the way, but If. you tell him I love you. He'll say, I love you. Like he can repeat anything you say, whether it is good or bad. He can repeat it. It's just like, he can't put it all together himself. you know what I'm saying? But he's, he's as normal as could be. He's smart as, I don't know what he know any kid that can, that knows how to jump a fence. You see what I'm saying? To go get in the pool. Yeah. That, that knows how to say, I want go to dad's house. And then when he gets to dad's house, say pool, like I only came here for the pool.


That's the only reason I came. He knows how to get in. I don't have to put thumbprint codes on my pantries. 'cause when he, with his mom, he's like a lot of organic foods and you know, when he come to dad house, you got the good snacks. Yeah. So now he know how to get in my pantry and climb up the Yeah. He, Carter is a character. But that's my dog man. That's my dog. Were you scared about having children when you was gonna have him? Like, 'cause I, I, you know, I would like to have children. I don't have any yet, but I would like to have some, but sometimes I'm like, man, is it just gonna be such a big change, you know? I mean, you gotta you gotta, you gotta leave a legacy. You gotta, you know, I've always wanted to, I grew up in big families. Like, so on my dad's side, whenever we did Christmas together, everybody was spending the night at our, you know, at grandma house.


Everybody was like, my granny got, I got what, 1, 2, 3. My granny got five kids. My dad got six kids. you know what I'm saying? Like, so that just, it's just big over there. And on my mom's side, everybody just got kids. Yeah. So it's just, I just grew up in big family, so I knew I always wanted a, a big family. I didn't think I was gonna start as early as I did, but I really feel like I'm doing better. 'cause my mom and my dad, they was, my mom was 15, my dad. You see what I'm saying? So Yeah. A lot of, we had in our, yeah, in our town, a lot of the young, a lot of the sisters, they got a little bit pregnant early. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You didn't even, we didn't even know.


We thought a lot of 'em just got kind of thick or whatever, like one summer or whatever. And then we were like, damn, everybody's thick all of a sudden. Yeah. Everybody got that baby in Them. Yeah. And everybody had a, then they all had a baby. Yeah. They had a lot of them babies in our area. Yeah. I think that would be the wild thing, dude. So were you already rapping when you, when you had your son? No. Wow. So was it kind of nervous, like how I'm gonna Take Care of him or it wasn't like it Was, yeah, I was, I was sleeping. I was at my granny house, sleeping on the couch. I had just got a job at UPS. Oh yeah. And They got good benefits over there. No, man. Not unless you're a manager or like something to that sort.


Or you gotta work there a certain amount of time. It is, it is. It's, it's not good. It, it's not good. But yeah, I had just, I was staying in Austin, Texas whenever I went to school, got kicked outta school, I went and stayed in Austin, Texas with the mother of Carter. And I went to jail, got out where she was staying at. I was, I wasn't supposed to go to no more like the Oh, had a restraining Order. Yeah, I had a restraining order from the, the apartment complex. 'cause what I had did was in the apartment complex. Okay. So when I got out, we did what we did. The one last time I left to go back to Dallas, she called me three months later telling me that she was pregnant. Wow. I said, I'm sleeping on the couch with my granny house.


And I'm all I can tell was All right babe, I'm finna move you out here. I'm on somebody's couch right now. You can come sleep on this couch with me, but I'm gonna get this right. Yeah. She came, I think she slept on the couch with me maybe two, three weeks. Dang. And then I, I had a sub apartment. It had wasn't no furniture. Them first week or two slept over the Oh, still on each other lap. What? Oh, on a pallet on the floor. She pregnant. I'd be a chair. You'd be a chair. Take turns. Exactly. And so, but we made it, we made it work. So. Wow. That's wild man. That takes some commitment, huh? Yeah. Yeah. That's why she's forever taken care of. We not even together Now she got, she got everything she can think of, you know what I'm saying? Tom's, Tom's 10. So You have a lot of respect for her it sounds like. For Sure.


For sure. If it wasn't for her, I probably wouldn't be here. Yeah. And that's just me being honest. What, what Did, you go to jail, Did, you say you went to jail. What Did you go to jail for? So, well How about this? What were the holidays like in jail? What holiday did I spend in jail? Did I spend the holiday? I think I spent, no, I did, I spent Thanksgiving in jail. Oh yeah. What's it like? Did people get up early? Is there anything special? Like on that You know what I Think about it though. I was in solitary confinement though for that Thanksgiving. So boom. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. I was, I was, yeah, I was. So it was just a bunch of screaming from door to door.


What you just hear people voices. Do people at least sing like a, I mean, you got, there's people that sit there that's actually crazy. you know what I'm saying? So they actually do scream and do all of other stuff and he just got People, but they scream anything special, like, 'cause it's Thanksgiving. That's what I'm wondering I guess. Oh No, no, no, no. Nah, nah. No. I was screaming something special on the day I got out. It was a Tuesday, like the day I was supposed to go to court. It was a Tuesday. Yeah. So when I woke up to take my shower, I was just, I was singing, singing Tuesday, Tuesday. Like If you If. you ever seen Normy? and he was in the shower knowing that he had to go to the waterpark with all girl on a Tuesday. That's exactly how it was. And everybody that was in their room was just dying laughing. That's a happy day then. Yeah, it was a happy day.


Wow. So yeah, Thanksgiving. What about Halloween? Were you in there? Nah. Nah. Halloween. I was at Thanksgiving. Yeah. So do y'all get a special meal? Or like, is there any, I mean, yeah, they call, they give you a little scoop of dressing and that, but it's, it's just not the same as, do Y'all go around the table and like say what you're thankful for or anything like that? Nah, I doubt that's how it went. You see? There you go. Oh, who are those guys? I don't know them. Oh, I don't know them. Yeah. Look, I mean it definitely, yeah, it seems, yeah, I guess it wouldn't be the be like, yeah, it wouldn't be the best. Like really holidays, that's one holidays in jail. I feel like they're not really celebrated because that's the time where everybody wish that they was with their family.


you know what I'm saying? So that's when everybody, it's kind of intense. 'cause everybody's upset. Everybody wanna be with their kids, their moms, their, you know what I'm saying? So everybody just kind of try to get through the day. Yeah, That's a good point. I've never thought about that. You kind of almost pretend like it's not that day. Exactly. Did they have like a lot of gay activity in jail? Did, you see any of it or you hear about it sometimes on the Internet? There was one gay experience for me in jail and there was an older dude that had, he was in there from stealing a bunch of wood from Home Depot. Damn. Probably gonna build him a little gay hut, I don't know. But he had been in there, a little s shack. He had been in there. I don't think nobody knew that he was like that or whatever. But you could tell he had been down a lot. Like he had a, he done went to jail a bunch of times.


Yeah. Yeah. And there was a, there was a guy that came in there that was a dentist, but he was a member of the L-G-B-T-Q community. Okay. and he came in with nothing though. Like he was from, this was right when He was a dentist. Yeah. But he, it was illegal dentist. You see what I'm saying? Like, so he knew how to do teeth, but he didn't have, he Didn't have a store from it or The paperwork or anything. He just, you know what I'm saying? Exactly. He just knew how to do. But he was from, he was from Mexico. This is when they were, this is when the whole ice situation was going on. And they were catching a bunch of the illegals and, and sending them back. And so my, my power was a bunch of illegals and he was one of the illegals, but he just happened to be a part of the l gb, you know what I'm saying?


And so, right. He Was a gay gentleman. But he also is a He did, he did dental. He did, he did Dental. and he would do dental in the, in the, No, no, no. That's what, that's how he got arrested. When he got pulled over, he had a bunch of dentist equipment and dentist stuff in his trunk. and he just, and there was no license. Wow. Yeah. So that's, that's what got him. But then on top of that, like I said he was illegal. Yeah. So, but yeah, he didn't have nothing. And the og the old school, he had some stuff and so he just basically took care of him and he had to Take Care of him. So it was just kind of like a prison kind of a love story almost. Exactly. And we wasn't even in prison. We was just in jail. But that, yeah, that kind of, that messed me up though.


Yeah. That messed me up. Yeah. So, no, but even then, at least you get to see somebody having some romance. I guess that was almost, I didn't See anything. Yeah. Or you get to, or I guess it's, yeah, I don't Know. I didn't see anything. I just, you know, you kind of put two and Two together, but you put two and two together. Exactly. But I bet some people get a little bit envious. Like, oh, at least he got somebody, you know, I mean, I, Hey, I don't know. I didn't think that way. Yeah. I just, you know, kind of. Me neither dude. I just, But it's, yeah. But that's love is love though. I, yeah. If people are in for a long time, I can see how, if somebody's in for a long time and they're not gonna get out, they say, I'm just gonna have to figure this out over here and call. I mean, If you in jail for the If.


you in prison for the rest of your life. Nah, I can't even say that. 'cause then that insinuation, if I was to ever go to prison for the rest of my life, then I, yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know. We're here now. Yeah. Yeah. Happy Thanksgiving. Happy Thanksgiving. Wow, man. Yeah. I guess I wonder what the holidays are like in there and stuff like that. But is there anything that you miss? Wait, what's the difference between jail and prison? I've never been to prison, so I can't really tell you how, how bad prison get, but from what I've heard, it is just, I mean, you gotta, it's, it's, see jail, you, you possibly going home You know what I'm saying? Like, you, you, you can go home, prison, you know, you there for a little bit.


So that's when it's more hostile, it's more gangs, it's more, oh, you know what I'm saying? That's where that stuff takes a, a, a play in like the, the gang wars in there and the, the racial stuff. That stuff is real in prison. you know? I don't hate all that. Some people say that the, the Feds is better than prison just 'cause of the strength. It is for one, I guess a lot more people with money there. So, and there's just a lot more stuff there, like tablets. you know what, well, I mean, everybody got tablets now. Even in, even in prison. They got tablets. Yeah. But, but it's just, you know what I'm saying for a while. Swings with recess type shit. Outdoor Stuff. That's, I, I've never been to prison. I've never been to the Fed. So I don't know. I'm just going off of what I've been told.


But I know if jails suck, prison gotta be worse. Yeah. And the Feds gotta be worse than that. Damn. you know? So it's just like, but if I ever go down and do some time, I would rather go to the feds because it's, they just look like they, they're not free, but they're freer. Yeah. you know what I'm Saying? So a little more relaxed. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I don't know if I'm gonna ever go to prison or not. I mean I, yeah. you know, overall I would probably, I would hope I didn't. Yeah. But don't fucking try me. Yeah, No, for sure. For Sure. So that's how I think about some of that.


They say first impressions are important. What about lasting impressions? That's where BLUECHEW comes in. BLUECHEW helps give men longer lasting and stronger erections. So you can perform at your very best. Big Boy BLUECHEW is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, ALIS, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost. And in a chewable form, chewable the process is simple. Sign up at BLUECHEW dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. That's it. It works. Hmm. BLUECHEW wants you to have the confidence to perform at your best. So discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew free when you use our promo code Theo at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's BlueChew dot com promo code THEO to receive your first month free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and safety information. and we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


I know when we first started our online store, it was hectic where we were fulfilling the orders ourselves and the labels and just figuring everything out got confusing, but then it got better. That's right. Through Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. We use it. And the not so secret, secret with Shop pay that boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that ALO uses. And Skims and Allbirds, they all use Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Theo. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash TN, HEO to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash Theo. All lowercase.


Like what do you think gave you like such a good, like at least kept you some motivation? So you said like you learned that okay, I don't really like working for somebody else. Right? Yeah. And I know that you played football for a while when Did you like think like, then rap is something I have to do. Did it just kind of turn on for you? I mean, I think you're obviously a good communicator. Yeah. So you have that, that was built into you. When did it start to become lyrical for you? So remember I told you I was in solitary confinement for Thanksgiving. I had missed my son first birthday. Aw. Being in jail. And so when I got out, I knew I never wanted to work a real job, obviously. And on top of that, when I got out, I just couldn't do what I was doing no more.


Like all the street activity I was doing, I had made a promise to my son that like, you'll never not see your dad again. I'll never miss another birthday. I'll never miss another, anything. Even though I kind of told the story. 'cause here I am here and he's in Texas. you know what I'm saying? But this is me doing what I gotta do to benefit him. Right. you know what I'm saying? So, but yeah. Yeah. So I got out, made the promises to him. And so I just had to figure that I had a, my, he's not my artist, but he also my cousin. It was just a, you know, good friend at the time. He just was like, he been rapping since he was nine years old. and he had He's your real cousin? Yeah. Okay. And so he had been telling me forever, you need to rap. You need to rap. Because we would do like little freestyle sessions and whatnot.


And I would freestyle and it'd be a group of us, but he'd just look at me and be like, bro, you need to rap for real. But I'm like, bro, you've been rapping seasons nine years old, you ain't blew up yet. Why would I, why would I do that? you know? Why would I? Yeah, I'm not gonna listen to you. Exactly. Yeah. But whenever I got out and I just really didn't have nothing else. you know what I'm saying? like I was saying that I, I was really trying to live up to their problems that I made to my son. So whenever he was like rap, I was like, all right, bet. And I tried it. Did maybe like three songs. And I liked the, I liked the, the feedback I got from it, you know what I'm saying? Just from the our friend group. Then it went past that to just people that we knew from school. Then it went from that to people that we didn't know.


And so I was just like, okay, just doing something. So you just gave it to friends first. Was it even like close friends or Did? you have like enough confidence. You're like, all right, I'm gonna put this, I'm gonna, I mean, of course I, I just, I didn't even know how to drop music. Ro told me distro kit. So I just went through Distro kit. But like I said, I, when I was dropping 'em, it was just, I was just telling my immediate friend group. Yeah. But then when I started noticing that I was getting tags and stuff from people that I didn't know. That's wild, huh? Yeah. I was like, okay, this, it is doing a little something. It's doing a little something then just to walk around my own city and everybody know me. I go in any club, everybody knew me. I was like, all right you, this is really, it is really happening.


That's Crazy. Yeah. Then I got my first, I got my first deal in like in six months, my first distribution deal. Wow. Just under six months. So once that happened, I just went from there. I just, I seen, I had made a little bag off of it because I didn't, I didn't touch a lot of money in my life, but I ain't never touched nothing. Like I've never had a hundred thousand dollars sitting in my hand at one point in time. Yeah. And when I did that distribution deal, I had that. And so I was like, I I, me doing something non illegal. I just touched a hundred thousand dollars at one time. You must've been like, dang, this is it. Yeah. And then like three months later I was broke.


Did we get a water slide or Something? No, I just was, you know, I doing for everybody. Everybody bought some wild shit when they get a little bit of money. No, they'll tell you. I didn't even, I didn't have no big chains. I didn't even want no chain to this day. I wouldn't have this chain if they wouldn't tell me, bro, you got an image that you gotta uphold. You the biggest rapper in Texas. You can't, I don't, I never cared about none of that at first. I kind of got addicted after I start paying for, Oh yeah, you get some nice carpet or whatever, you get a rug, a nice table. You start buying all kind of shit lamps. Exactly, exactly. Silverware with your name on it. Yeah. Yeah. So with my name on it, it's crazy. But nah. Yeah. So I had the smallest chains I just was doing for people around me. I go in the mall, I, it was, I couldn't even find nothing for me to wear in the mall.


I would go to the mall to buy shoes and just tell my my friends, Hey, I'll get whatever y'all want. Oh, that's good. you know what I'm saying? Like my mama, anytime she would ask for anything, giving it to her, my pops, anything. I was just doing it. you know what I'm saying? And then I looked up one day and I was down to like $25,000. I was like, oh shit. It was fast too, Man. And you gotta pay taxes. You don't even think about that. And I didn't think about none of that. I didn't think about none of that. And so I just had to, I really just put my foot down and grind it and I got it all back. And then next thing I know that a hundred went to all, it just, we went crazy after that. you know? And so all independent. So all my money come to me. Hell yeah. Yeah. We, we do.


We did good. Yeah. That's the same. We work for ourselves here too. It's inspiring. I see a lot of guys out there like that little Russell. You ever see him Lord? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He go crazy Bro. His bars are good, man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And he's so like inspirational. He's got this whole thing, man. He does have to shit in his back. He already, no, for sure. He's sewing half the sweaters himself that he slinging. Man, he hard. He puts it together. He's hard. Yeah, he's really inspiring. I like watching him Did. you see that Trump thing that happened with the guy? What made the joke yesterday? I have not been in the debates situation at all actually. Well, this a comedian. They just had him in yesterday. And this is Tony Hinchcliffe. He's a friend of mine and he just, so they put him up at the, at Madison Square Gardens last night in New York City.


They put him up to speak and then this was a joke that he told us. Just everybody's going crazy about it today. Like I don't know If, you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah. I think it's called Puerto Rico. Oh god. Okay. Alright. So that's the jokey toll, right. At like a Madison Square Garden rally I guess. Yeah. So people are up in arms about it. 'cause a lot of people were Puerto Rican in New York. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was, yeah, that was a very crazy statement. Yeah. It just seemed, yeah, that seemed like a unique choice to me. But I don't know. I've made some poor choices, but I haven't made that one. That's true. I think we've all made a poor, a poor choice.


Oh yeah. you know, once before. I've made a ton. Do you guys, do you feel like Texas rocks with Trump? Or you feel like, are you a political guy? I'm not a political guy. I just listen. I keep my head down. I make the money that I can make. How I can make it. As long as I can keep taking care of my kids, I don't care about what, you know, everything. Hey, we, we gotta go to war. We gotta go to war. We don't, we don't. I, you just gotta be ready for whatever comes, you know? Yeah. That's So you be a paratrooper dude. Looking at that video of yours. We'll, we'll send you in. And I feel like I'm to the point now where they wouldn't even ask me, you know, like if, if, if the world was to end, you know how like in all the world ending movies Yeah. There's always like those two ships or two boats.


I think I've made it to get on one of those now. like I, I'm on the list. Right. They're gonna keep you Exactly like plus two. Yeah. you know, so, And you have to bring your children probably. Yeah. Obviously. Obviously. But do but do I bring two women? Ooh. So that I can repopulate Start more children. Yeah. One kid. One woman And the other kid just, nah, Nah, nah. I gotta take both my kids. I gotta take both my Kids. They that. That's the best answer to end on I think for that. Yeah. People bet on it now, two people betting on the election, they, have you ever seen this? So this, 'cause a lot of it is, it's like, well where's people's money at?


'cause that's where they're really, that's where you follow the money. Everywhere. Yeah, everywhere. That's where you really learn things. I find. And they have Calci. This is a website where people Bet on the election and it's, yeah. Trump's at 62% now there. And Kamala is at 38%. What else do they have on there? Trevin? If, you can bring something up. Oh, how many number one songs this year on Billboard. But you can bet on all, all types of stuff. Grammy nominations for album of the year. Who is that? Cowboy Carter Casey has 93%. Casey Musgraves, Chris Stapleton will Big X win a Grammy.


Right. You could bet on that. You could bet on anything. you know, and they probably have some of on there, but what is he at right now? What's it at right now? Go back. Oh, Trump, 62%. And the money, that's been bet $86 million. That's crazy. That's Crazy, bro. That is so crazy. Like, as your life has kind of taken some new turns, you've had new opportunities. Have you have, have there been any new mentors that have come into your life? Or like people that you start to see like this person, I, I feel something that they're doing is interesting or I could learn from it. Yeah. And then you kind of have created relationships with yet, Like I said, I keep my head down.


I mean, I, I just recently did a, a, a interview with, you know, the million dollars worth of Game Wallo and Gilly, you know. Yeah. I saw some of it. But I mean it's, I don't really, I don't know. I'm not a big industry person, man. I'm not gonna lie to you. I don't like I. I keep relationships that are meant to be kept. Like, you know, that I'm not, I'm not gonna overextend myself. It's just gotta be genuine. And a lot of this stuff is not genuine, you know? So. Oh yes. The worst. I just, I just kind of stay to myself. I don't know. I feel like if I, if anything my biggest mentor is like my son, you know what I'm saying? Just 'cause I feel like you go through everything you going through and you still, you get up and you smile every day.


Yeah. Even though you might not know what's going on, you just, you know, you, you get up and smile every day. Not even knowing, you know what I'm saying? So, right. I have to say my him. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody else, I feel like I don't know. I did everything that I've done to get here. I feel like I do on my own. Like so ain't Yeah. You don't need, I guess in industry you don't. Yeah. Maybe you're your own mentor. That's interesting. Your son could be your mentor in a way because it really is a mentor is just kind of a source of inspiration kind of. No, for sure. Because there's days that I don't wanna get up and I don't wanna do none of this, you know what I'm saying? But if my son can get up every day and go to school and have a biggest smile on his face and have good days, why can I not? you know? Yeah. So Do you, you ever listen to Jelly Roll?


You ever met Jelly Roll Man? I've never met him, but I've heard you hate him, bro. I've heard and he loves me man. I love Jelly Roll. I got, Y'all would make us sick. Y'all could put something together. I don't dunno, If, you do that kind of stuff. You, you have some collabs, right? For sure. Yeah, bro. He's, he's the one of the most genuine dudes. I'm actually, I'm supposed to be doing a, a country tape next and he supposed to be on it. Yeah. Yes sir. Yes sir. So Who else would be on it, you think? Shazi, maybe? Shazi for sure. That's, that's, that's my dog. I, I think I got an unread text from him right now on my phone. I just texted What's he like? I got to sit near him at a, we went to a women's basketball game. Don't tell anybody. So we went and, but it was the Las Vegas ACEs that they Played. Wait, he 29?


I had no idea Shazi was 29. You're old buddy. Yeah. You, yeah. You're, you're old. You're old. I thought he was my age. Shazi 29. He a Damn adult. I, I didn't know he was a Taurus though. His birthday two days before mine. Oh, he's a damn Taurus as well. Yeah. Wow. But nah, he, he's like, I told you it's not a, it's not a lot of genuine stuff in this industry. and he, him and La Choppa, It's just as far as rappers, that's really, you know, just it. But like they, the, they most genuine guys, man, they I can call N La Chopper right now. He had called, he just called me the other day and thanked me because whenever he was going, whenever he transitioned to that, if I was a bad, like he, we, he was on the way to go to Rolling Loud because, you know, the first time he performed it was at a rolling lap.


I had just left rolling lap. So I, we had the same hotel. We had already done, done a song before then. But we was chopping it up and in the back you could hear the song playing. Like he had somebody in the back specifically holding a speaker to play that song. And you know, a lot of people just didn't really understand what he had going. They didn't see where it, I didn't, I didn't even see the vision. He's out, he's sick. But I just knew, you know what I'm saying? At the end of the day, as long as you comfortable with doing what you're doing and you know your, your reasons behind doing what you're doing and why not do it like you, you young, you know, at the end of the day they doing all this other crazy stuff. Why, why you can't do it. And so he just basically thanked me the other day for just, you know, basically accepting, you know what I'm saying, what he had going, basically believing in what he had going and you know, that's like I said, that's my guy, man.


I gotta get him all. He Just reached out and said thank you. Yeah. I swear. Nice. I was getting my haircut at my house. He called me. He was in Tokyo, he was in Japan. Dam They getting him over there. I guess it Was, it was broad Daylight. Yeah. They love everything. Yeah. It was broad daylight where he was. And it was dark where I was, you know what I'm saying? He was just calling me. He had just got the shower. He was like, yeah man, I just wanna let you know. I appreciate you. I thank you. But yeah, shabu, that's my dog. I was just with him in New York. I was Finn to try to bring him out to the show today, but he in LA now, So Yeah. He's all over. Yeah. We sat to each other at a game. It was pretty good watching the Vegas ACEs is good, man. Yeah. I gotta go see a, I gotta go see a women's band. I feel like it's more intense. I can relate to their games. 'cause I can't dunk.


They can't dunk. Exactly. Exactly. I Feel that. So every time they trying to dunk and they can I, that's Ryan, you Feel it? Yeah, I feel it. I feel It. I'm like, I got, I know what these women are going through. I actually can dunk. My manager just didn't get footage of it really because he, you know, he almost got fired that day as well. But I was just recently shooting a prize. Speaks commercial. Big shout out to Prize Speaks. And I dunked the ball. You really, I'm lying. We won't, we won't say what he said. No, you said I'm not lying. You not lying. I dunked the ball. Wow. Really? I, they don't believe it. No, I believe it, Man. See, this is why you needed the footage.


I believe it. I believe it. This is Why you needed the Footage, bro. So that's all I'm saying. Drew, drew Ski was there. Fred Marco was there. They All seen it. Wait, was Sketch there too? Yes. Yeah. Sketch and Drew Ski was there. Yes sir. Oh yeah. How was that? I heard it was good. It was y'all, it was all for prize picks. Yeah, It was Longs, but we got the drop. He's right there, bro. Yeah, I seen him before I said that. Yeah. Respect. So yeah, no, they, they're all great guys, man. Everybody's just genuinely funny. From the, from the Spice Adams, that guy's hilarious. Spice Adams. I don't know him. That's the, the, the Bring him up. Yeah, bring him up. There you go. Lemme get a look at him. Spice Adams does. He's a Chef. No, he does like the old basketball.


When you see him, you, you, you. Oh wait, did he do the, that's Anthony Adams. But he goes by, he goes by Spice. He goes by spice now. Well That's his basketball. I thought it was Anthony Anderson actually for a second. I think that's a movie artist or something. Yeah, it is Anthony Adams Spice. Now You gotta pull up like one of his clips. Like one of the basketball clips. Yeah. Let's see. If, you can get one of them. I didn't even know he played professional football. Me neither. Hell, I didn't even know he, I didn't know who he was. Spice Adams. Go to the video. The, the down down to the right Far right, right there. This is Oh, Oh dang bro.


We tried, We tried Spice. Oh, there he is. He was a funny guy. Come On now. You didn't do that now, Did you. No. Who was he doing? Mike pps. Nah, he's just saying this how old this is how older the guys laugh. Oh no. How Oh. Is laughing Glucose Mama jokes. Like what? Oh no. But yeah, he a character Manky. Everybody, everybody know Druke a character ski. Oh, Drew's a best man. I did a, me and Druke did a fake movie. It was like a fake movie like that.


We made, this shit was messed up. So the family is called The Diggers is their last name. Right? Druke wrote it. Okay. So we're at the, one of them, the dad dies, it's Druke and his sister, they own, they're inheriting a funeral parlor. And then I'm married Tokis sister. Okay. And so I'm getting part of the funeral parlor. Okay. And they're not happy about it. But anyway, we're at the, we're at the funeral of the dad. The guy that died and the last name is, his name was Nathan Digger. Right. And so I had to make a speech in front of all these people and it was like, man, I dunno if I can say this right now, but I was like, man, this is the best digger we ever had in the whole world.


Right. And it was a room full of black folks who didn't, I didn't know any of them. And Drew Ski and them are in the bag just howling, bro. And I'm just having to keep, I had to do it like 15 times. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's Finally I was like, man, I can't do this. Yeah. It would've got awkward after a while. Yeah, bro. Right. Last night. Even if, even if I know, just saying this other word after like the seventh time start. Oh right. It started to sound like the other word, you know, Dude, it was real. Yeah. It got really scary even for a little While. But they, it was Drew's hilarious dude. The video where he gets outta prison, that's Demon Home. You seen that one? Yeah. The Demon Home. Yeah. That's, that's Little Ray.


That's Lil Ray.


This episode is brought to you by Manscaped, the global leader in men's lifestyle and grooming. Every man knows the unbeatable feeling of a fresh barber Shop Shave. Oh yeah. Now what if I told you you no longer have to wait weeks or even months between appointments to experience that feeling? Introducing Manscape latest release. The Chairman Pro Package. The Chairman Pro package isn't just for daily shaves either. It's powerful enough to tackle up to five day growth, making it perfect whether you're shaving every day or just tidying up after a few days. Whether you're after the daily silky smooth finish or prefer to maintain a rugged five o'clock shadow, the Chairman Pro package has you covered. Head over to manscape.com and join the over 11 million men worldwide who trust Manscaped by using Code Theo for 20% off and free shipping. That's 20% off. And free shipping with the code Theo at Manscaped dot com.


This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. If you've been feeling not as good as you think you could be, or maybe you're just, I don't know, there's something you want to tell someone or tell a spouse or a friend, but you're, you, you're having trouble. A therapist can help. Sometimes practicing saying something to a therapist before you say it to a loved one can really be helpful, especially around the holidays. BetterHelp, for anything that's going on that's making you feel not yourself. I've used BetterHelp and if you're thinking of starting therapy then I recommend you give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time. For no additional charge. Take the mask off with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TN today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash Theo.


Plug. They're sending a lot of people to space. Would you ever go to Space If you if we needed you out there? A lot of people would've to go before me. Like you would have like a, a group of people would have like, not the astronauts that like you would have. 'cause they said they're supposed to be building a hotel up there. So Yeah. Somebody gotta go stay in that hotel for a week and come back safely and they gotta check all their blood, their, you know, their vitals. And if everything good I go on like the third or fourth group trip. you know what I'm saying? I would go on that. I would, That'd be wild. If. you were out There. It would because I would be lighter. Yeah. Huh. That's really where I wanna go. Lean with it. Rock with it.


Boy. Exactly. I would make, I would, I have so many captions when I come back, man, I, I Wonder If, you could write different bars. If, you were in space 'cause it would affect you differently. My my mental right? Yeah. I can't say nothing about standing on business 'cause I'm floating on business. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Yeah. That'd be hard. We gotta, I gotta do, we gotta get, gotta get us some space man. First album written in space. That'd be tough. I'm on some Soldier boy stuff now. First, first rapper write album is space. Yeah. I wonder man, big extraterrestrial, you could meet an alien out there. Do do a lot of you believe in aliens? Do you believe in aliens? My friend?


I don't know because You gotta think, man, they got a lot of space out there man. They do. Do I believe that there is another like planet out there with life on it? Of course. I think so. Aliens, I think they might look just like us. Yeah, I think they might look just like us. They might just speak different and Yeah. Yeah. I ain't gonna say they just look like, you know, I'm not gonna say that, but Yeah, Like a tele tubby or something. Yeah. They might look like, yeah, I'm not gonna do that. But they might look like the guy with the ears. Yeah. Him down there. Down there.


Right there. They might look like that. Oh damn. He look like he cut his own hair. That guy cuts his own hair, man. Maybe. What? What if they don't have to cut their hair? That's just how their hair naturally is. They just snap and it falls off how they want it to be. Wow. That's as, that's as as alien as it'll get for me. Dude, we used to have a bus driver. He would cut everybody's hair. He was the barber in our town. So like once a month he'd pull a bus over $2. Everybody get cut up $2. I don't know if I would want that person. I don't know if I want that haircut. Oh, it wasn't a great cut, but it was the only cut they had, man. But it's like, what can you get for $2? I mean, you get what you Get for, he was just sitting a bowl on y'all head just cutting around it.


Well, he could do it off a site. He didn't need a, you know, a dishware or nothing. But he could, he, he, he, he, he, he did it. He didn't have that much faith in his self. Douglas, it's $2. That's, you get $2 that don't even get you no dip. That don't get you nothing. But this was, man, this was 25 years ago though. 2 22 years ago. Oh, okay. Okay. So he had, yeah, he really, I thought he did a pretty good job, but he pulled that bus over. Bam. Everybody. 20 Years. He, how old Are you? I'm 44. Really? I'm an adult man. I'm gonna die soon. I'm an adult man. You, you, you Look good. It's the end. Thanks man. I feel good, but I'm just, just getting older. I gotta get a wife soon. Yeah, you don't have to.


I Know You don't have to. You don't think Man, I, I, it's like part of me feel like this. I don't know man. I, I'm in a, I got two women right now and I just feel like I probably would be better with, with none right now, you know? Yeah. You know 'cause it's just like, as you get as as it get better, it get worse. Yeah. But there's something also admirable about a guy that's, that's able to make that work though too. I think if I see that and a guy's able to make it work that he's able to Take Care of, of his wife or ex-wife or I, I feel like there's almost something a little bit admirable about it.


I struggle every day. Yeah. I struggle every day. They see it every day. I struggle but you know, I feel like it's making me a better, a better person. 'cause now I like I feel like the past me didn't know how to treat women. Now that I got a daughter, it made me wanna treat women better and it will happen right when I have two women. So now I'm treating them both like queens obviously. But it gets to a point where, you know, but that's another, that's another convo. Look, it's everybody's trying to listening and nah. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. That's another convo man. Convo something else Bro. Definitely take, take as much time as you need. 'cause once you get married it's a wrap. You There? It's a wrap. My dad just told me he finna propose to his girlfriend on the the Dallas date on stage.


Uhuh And. what song you gonna play a special song for him? If she says yes. Oh, I mean he's the voice on Texas. So I'll probably just play Texas. First off, will you marry me? you know, so. Yeah. Dang. If you got to meet some aliens. What songs would you play for? You think? Yeah, I'm from T Texas and And. what about some other artists? The biggest. The largest. Yeah bro, I would play that for them. They would like that. But if they pull up with a big ass, large ass alien, you gonna have some competition though. He gonna like the song though. They gonna like the song.


That's all I know. But I definitely would play. Gotta play some Lil Wayne. Yeah. I would play. Yeah dude, You gotta play some Lil Wayne. We used to live not far from juvenile and he chased a woman down the street one night in our neighborhood. Oh Jesus. We just gonna say she did something wrong. Oh, I'm assuming she did. Yeah. Yeah. and we can probably take that out. I don't want to hurt the guy's feelings. I don't know if that's still pending in either. What? Yeah, I'm trying to think of what else. Man, you've had so much success this year. Do you start to feel about different goals or you just stay, you just kind of stay in, in the pocket you're in?


Like what do you feel like, do you feel a responsibility to keep up with your own success now? Because that's interesting. Once you start to have some success, you, you almost set the bar for yourself without even realizing it, right? Yeah. You just are trying to achieve some goals. But then you set a bar kind of, I mean, like I said, I, I didn't, I didn't come in this wanting to be the best rapper ever. I didn't even wanna be a rapper. It was just something I had to do something to Take Care of my child. And so like, it's just to the point where it's like, as long as I'm taking care of my child, I'm good. I I still don't feel like I'm treating this as the NFL. 'cause like I said, I wanted to, I thought I was gonna be a football player. The NFL stands for not long. Yeah. So I gave myself five years in this. I tell them every day, man, I can't wait to retire in this rap.


And they'd be like, yeah, you got like 10 more years. And I'd be like, no, I got two. And they'd be like, no. I'm like, yeah, I only got two. 'cause after that I'm just, I feel like movies, you know, like I'm, I'm just setting myself up for other things to bring more revenue to my family when I'm gone. My kid's gonna be so rich, they ain't gotta do nothing. But it's gonna, like I've, I'm going have, I'm been done so much like as far as music, movies, commercials, voiceovers, whatever, you know what I'm saying? It is gonna make them want to do something. you know what I'm saying? Man, my dad did all of this. I gotta go do this. I gotta do something to make my own name. I want my kids to want their own name.


Yeah. So it is like, with everything that I'm doing right now, I'm basically doing it to make it hard on them. I see what you're saying. Because if they're, if they're as competitive, if they have that competitive spirit. Exactly. And I know that's in me 'cause it got passed down from my dad, my brother to it's all, it's just I know. I know. That's, that's gonna be there. Exactly. Yeah. And so when they, when they, when they nice and ready, I just know they going, they gonna put their best foot forth when they gonna figure that. Amen. But if they don't, they got pal case to sit on if they don't, you know. So what about a Christmas album? Man? You gonna do something like that for everybody or What? Yeah, I did do a Christmas song one time when I feel like it went crazy. I just dropped it at the wrong time. When are you drop in the summer? No, it was cold. It was cold. I actually dropped it right around Christmas.


It just was early in my career. I I see what you're So like I had less eyes, you know. Yeah. But it's, I think it's over a million something right now. Now that I've become who I've become. But Maybe it could pick up then this year. Yeah. Yeah. I think we got 1.5 a year ago. And would you ever do a mall Santa or something like that? Like for children or for charity? I Would. I would. That's actually a great idea. That'd Be sick bro. That's a great idea. Yeah, dude. If, you got to be a mall Santa. That would be pretty good. Yeah. I dunno if we can listen to it or not because we'll have to, it'll get claimed or whatever.


What's your show like, man? What's the show like? I might pull up tonight. You should. You should. Now it's more like now at first my shows were just like turn up like lot of dancing, lot Of people shaking a towel and all that. Shaking a towel. There's always that one guy that's just sued the towel guy or whatever, like on the rap stages is that one dude. and he just Oh, you talking about like a, a hype man? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I guess Ro is my hype man. It's good though. You gotta have him. No, but nah, it's, we we're more like put together like I don't, I don't know what it is. Me and Ro we've been performing together since my first ever performance. He was on stage with me.


So, I don't know. It's just the chemistry is there. We know we wouldn't, everything that we done put together, it just happened. It wasn't nothing that we sat, like we just for the first time did rehearsals before this tour and we done did three tours before like my tour, Kevin Gate's tour, Keylock tour. We never rehearsed nothing. It was just, we went on stage and it just happened. Wow. So now we finally rehearsing and so I just feel like that made it, like now he come out on stage in a FedEx uniform You know what I'm saying? Like it is crazy. We just put more to it. My Yeah, yeah. It is just, you should come. It's just, Yeah, I'm gonna come To see a big guy my size move the way I move. And to You wouldn't even think that it was an hour sit. I do an hour sit and he wouldn't, if I wouldn't sweating so bad, you wouldn't even know I was tired.


like I. Don't know. It's just kinda like second nature to us down then. and we always, we were football players so we done always been under the, the lights, you know what I'm saying? And so I don't know that just, it just make you wanna put on more of a show. Do you have some ballads in there too? Some love songs like that. I guess. I, I used to, but now like, so the Take Care tour is basically, it's, I mean it's off of the album, you know. Yeah. It's based off the album. And my album wasn't more of a, it wasn't a turn up album. It wasn't a a for the women album. It was just me speaking on me in this industry, you know, speaking on me in the now. And so, like now I feel like my shows are more like personal.


Like a lot of people that come to my shows now, they come up 'cause they felt the same way. They feel the same way. Exactly. And so Like I did it myself that I've been doubted. Exactly. Exactly. And I still believed enough in myself to get things. Exactly. So now I speak, like, now I perform with, what's that? What the thing called that you sent the mic on Mike Stan. Mike Stan. Yeah. My fault. I had a, I had a brain fart. My fault. But yeah, so now I come out Mike Stan like, I show you my, my intro now he'll be like, okay. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. If, you can pull my Instagram up. You actually can see it. Yeah, let's pull it up and I'm gonna come see tonight man. and we'll get you Out here. Yeah. Make sure I follow me at big extra plug. Oh yeah. As well. Wow, bro. That's so exciting, man. It's really awesome to see all your, to see just, you have so many neat opportunities.


That First one right there. There you go. Shout out to my cameraman Tre Osman. I shoulda wrapped bro. Damn. I shoulda. He said he shoulda rapped. That's crazy. I should have got in. I had a little bit of a chance, but I didn't. But Hey, it happens. Hey, it, it was If. you ask me. It was, this is the easiest thing I've ever done in my life.


No cap. If it wasn't for all the extra stuff that come with it, this is the easiest money I've ever made in my life. Yeah. Because I don't, it's, it is different when you gotta lie and make up stuff and because now that's a whole nother process you gotta do. Oh yeah. But when you just talking about what you've done, what you've went through, like it, that's just coming off, that's coming off my head. I don't gotta think, oh, what would sound like. you know what I'm saying? I don't have to do that. Well if you're saying true to your own life, then you, you don't have to manipulate anything. Exactly. And it is just so much easier. You can go in the studio, you can you basically writing a story about yourself. Yeah. It's easy. Man. That's a great a it's, it's interesting. I think people can understand what you're talking about too.


They can sh they can, you just communicate so well that I think it just, it reaches a lot of people. Yeah. you know, X congrats on all the success man. Appreciate you. Appreciate it. Yeah. Congrats on the tour Album out now man. I make sure I keep running that Take Care of, we got, we only three days in the tour. We still got 29 more Dates And a lot of these are sold out by now. Yeah. A lot. Yes. A lot of these are sold out. So y'all try to get in where y'all can fit in, huh? Oh, definitely get, get those meet and greets. Oh do people. Yeah. How do you guys, you guys do that after the shows? I try to do 'em before the show because after I'm all sweaty and yeah.


So I like to do it before, but I don't, I don't know. I also feel like after it's more like genuine, you know what I'm saying? Before I feel like it's me. It's just kinda like trying to get it out and this is coming from, this is me being honest about me. Yeah. Before it is kind of just feel like, it's like I'm going through the like, oh, soundcheck then meet and greet then. But after the show it's like, it's just more genuine. 'cause you tired and it is just the real you now, you know. Right. You've had the show already. Exactly. And they've gotten to see it too. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So it's like whenever they come up, like I had a, a guy, a grown man last night, walk up on me and tell me, bro, I love you. Wow. I appreciate you because of what you got going. You, you helped me. I love you. Told me he loved me twice.


you know, so it's like that's that's, that's real love. Before if we would've did the meet and greet before, he wouldn't have went through the show and He said, I might love you. Yeah, yeah. Hey, great job. you know, that's how I would've got. But yeah. Yeah. He he listened to the show. He listened to the lyrics and Yeah. After that the energy's been there. Exactly. There's been that connection. I think a lot of people, you don't think about it from their perspective though. They're just excited to get to see you. Some people it's like you wanna hear their music, but also I think you just wanna be in the same building as them. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's some of the energy that you have, I think. No, for sure. Some people it's just their songs. Yeah. I want to go listen for their songs. Yeah. I don't know if I really have have a sense of them as a person, but to me it feels like, and it's just my thoughts that there's something else where people are like, oh, I also wanna be in the same room as him.


I just, yeah. you know, I feel like it's, and And it is different when you got like, when you're actual, like when you're genuine, like it's you humble, it's, you know, it's just you. It's actually you. It's not no. Right. You know what I'm saying? When you just taking a picture, getting 'em out the way, you know you enjoyed the show. How Did you like the show. What was your favorite part of the show? Appreciate you coming out man. People love that. That makes them feel like you, they're a person and you're a person. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. When you taking the picture and moving 'em on out the way. Or not even that, just make it seem like you're a robot. Like you, the machine is running you. Oh yeah. And these days, that's some of the best artists is just everything that's outside of the machine.


The machine's dirty man. That's Why I feel like everything that we doing right now is You doing it yourself Is stored. 'cause it's, it's all us. We doing it completely independent. Who's your team? I mean, I know a lot of 'em are right here, but just, But okay. So I got a distribution deal through United Masters. Okay. So they don't do nothing but distribute my music. I mean they, they gave me a small marketing budget, you know what I'm saying? Nothing too major. Like a, a major label. They pay for everything. you know, it's like this tour I paid for outta my pocket. Like wow. The bus that $200,000 on a bus. I know, dude. That bus is damn expensive. I take the old Bus. Wait yeah, that Greyhound was 60. It is $60. Yep. To get to Rochester.


That's smart. Or FedEx, you mail yourself overnight. You might Not different man. I don't know, but I just feel like I don't know. I'm kind of glad we did the bus though. 'cause you know, it's just No, you have to do it. Yeah. You have to. It's hard to start to spend that money on yourself. Like we tour at comedy, we just got back from Montana some different places. But it's like you just, 'cause at a certain point you're investing this in your own co you have to be comfortable. Yeah. You can't show up like you're like rattled. you know, it's like, because you have to put the show on. you Know, you're right, you're right. You right. Not trying to preach at you. I just, I tried to nickel and dime. We fucking was on motorbikes one time. We was on all kind of shit trying to save money man. We had a camper, we had all kind of shit.


Nah, for sure. Nah. Yeah, I, I mean this was cheaper than flying everybody everywhere. So. Yeah. And we just, I just, I went through the Sprinter experience and I just couldn't do that again. It's hard man. Yeah. We did all that Van Sprinter. Yeah. Yeah. And then finally you just have to make sure you're comfortable enough to show up. Yep. Wow. Well what a journey. Big X. Thanks for just letting us enjoy your music, man. I love Yeah, just how humble you are man. And just yeah people to people man. That's all. That's all we all are really doing, you know? Yes sir. Take Care tour and you can get the album you get, you still have, if it's sold out there may still be meet and greet tickets available. For sure. And I know you're just gonna keep adding more Dates man.


You gonna be a busy man. Yes sir. We working. We working. Yeah. I'm glad I got to catch you today man. Yes sir. I appreciate you for having me. Alright, blessings. Yes Sir. Now I'm just on feel like I must be when I reach that ground. I can.