
Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. When you use Angie for your home project, you know all your jobs will be done well, from roof repair to emergency plumbing, and more done well. So the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started@angie.com.


I have some tour dates upcoming to tell you about Bloomington, Indiana. November 13th, Columbus, Ohio, Champaign Illinois. Over there in Illinois, grand Rapids, Michigan, Lafayette, Louisiana, and Beaumont, Texas. There are some tickets still available. Theo Von dot com slash to TOUR. Make sure to go through that link so you're getting fair priced tickets. Today's guest is an Indian guru and a yogi. He is an author, he's a speaker. He's a spiritual teacher. He's the founder of the Isha Institute, which teaches yoga as well as other spiritual practices.


They have a branch here in Tennessee, which is why he's here today. I'm really grateful for his time. Today's guest is Sadhguru. Tell me to you how you been. Oh, frenetic. I feel like a lot of times What? That's just how I feel. I think trying to do a lot of things, like trying to get my brain to shift from like, sometimes like relaxing to being active or doing something.


you know, it's like I, Even brain is capable of doing a lot more than that. Yeah. Well, good. Yes. That's a positive to know that for sure. Yeah, I believe that. Yeah, I, I definitely believe that. I mean, I'm grateful that my mind's able to kind of shift gears here and there where I need it, you know? But sometimes it's like, yeah, I, I think sometimes I just feel frenetic. Mm. See, the thing is this, any machine for that matter, depending on what is the volume of friction that is within it, accordingly, it'll reduce its ability to do things.


If. you take a car, let's say If, you take the best car in the world and If, you reduce the lubrication oil. Yeah. It'll go dead in no time because of friction. So this also is the same thing. People starts, and emotions are in friction conditions. So ordinary things that we can do feels stressful, and all, almost all human misery is manufactured in human mind. So, So it's on the inside, you're saying? I'm not saying, you tell me. Ah, yeah. Unless you are in a famine or a war zone or something where somebody can cause some trouble to you, rest of the time, it's all self-help, isn't it?


Yeah. The war zone is more inside. I mean, it's not on the outside. No, I'm saying physically. If somebody's shooting a bullet at you, yeah, that's a different matter. Yeah. But right now we are poking ourselves all the time. Why? The important thing is see, to get human intelligence to its present state. It's taken millions of years of evolution from an amba to make you like this. It's taken millions of years of evolution. It's just one word, but actually tremendous amount of research and development has happened to get you to this place. But now that brain is trouble for most people.


95% of the people use this brain to harm themselves. Because if we give you something sharp, if I ask you a simple question, do you want your intelligence or intellect to be sharp or blunt? The question, I would like it to be sharp. Sharp. So if I give you something sharp, how you hold it is very important. If, you don't know which is the blade end, which is the handle. If, you hold it tight, it'll hurt you more and more. Or if you're unconscious and you're like this, like this, like this inter tense may come out. you know why we don't give a knife to a child's hand?


Not because knife is dangerous. Has it ever happened? A knife popped up and stabbed someone? Yeah, It Never happened. Knife is not dangerous, is the people who hold it and how they hold it. So right now, we've been given an intelligence. you know, there is a, there is a, the biologists today are saying the DNA difference between you and a chimpanzee is only 1.23%. 1.23% is not much of a, It's not far off the jungle, Not far. So physiologically, that's how close we are to a chimpanzee. But in terms of our intelligence and awareness, we are worlds apart.


So essentially we have an intelligence for which we don't have a stable enough platform. If, you don't create a stable platform, stable chemistry, stable energy, stable physiology, If. you don't create that. Your intelligence will work against you. Hmm. Once your intelligence works against you, there is no force in the universe, which can save you. You can call it stress, you can call it anxiety, misery, anger, angst, whatever, different levels of unpleasantness within you. Essentially, your intelligence not working for you. It's working against you. Wow. Ah, grateful to have you here today, SRU.


Thank you. Thank you very much for coming. Yeah. That's a great place to start. And now good that You call me here. So I, you know, I get to golf in a good golf course tomorrow morning. Do you actually hit the ball or do you just imagine that it's in the hole? I've had four hole in ones. Have you Really? Yeah. So I'm not an imagining character. Like, no, it's good to hear. That's awesome, man. I, I wanted to, so you're like a, like a sourcer, not a sourcer. What is you guy, you're, you're a visualizer.


What is kind of the terminology that they use For I'm a full-fledged human being. Okay. Is that good? That's fair. Okay. Yeah. Because as Long as you As right now, human beings are always trying to cripple themselves with their thoughts, with their emotions, their whatever else. Yeah. If, you, If you do one thing that in your life, you are not the impediment. You're not the what, You are not the impediment. You're not the problem. You're not the issue. The thousand issues you need to handle in the world. The more you try to do, the more problems and more troubles there will be all those things you handle to the best of your ability. But you are not the issue in your life. If. you just ascertain this one thing that you yourself are not an issue.


Just check and see. For most human beings, they themselves are an issue. Their thought, their emotion, their needs, their compulsiveness. That's what is the big problem. Outside problems are small. Yeah. So, If, you ensure that you are not the issue in your life. Then you are a naturally, a full-fledged human being. You'll do the best that you can do in everything that you do. Well, you are best, may not be the best, but it's the best that you can do in your life. If, you do not do what you cannot do. There's no problem. But If, you do not do what you can do. You're a disaster. Ah. But the moment your thought, your emotion is stripping you all the time, you will not even do what you can do, isn't it?


And how do we get ourselves in the best situation to be able to do what we can do? They tell me right now, we don't like the weather outside for October. It's too hot. Yeah. In Nashville. So what have you done? Turned on the air conditioning. What is the air conditioning called? This is climate engineering. You engineer the climate the way you want. How come your inner climate is not engineered properly? It gets hot. It gets cold. It gets boiling. Yeah. It gets confusing. You don't even know what it is. Why is it that your inner engineering has not been done? So that you have the conducive climate that you want?


Ah, so my whole work is this, that to teach people how to engineer themselves. When I say engineer, people think it's some technology kind of thing. We need to understand what we call as engineering today. Used to be magic at one time. Oh, yeah. I've heard of it, huh? Yeah. Magic wi Yeah. They had wizards, everything. Like, not like that. If I sat here a thousand years ago and did, and lights came on, what would you think? I'm, Yeah. Not magic. Maybe a electrician. No, Come on. There was no electricity a thousand years Ago.


You'd have been a very ma I thought you'd have been mystical. I could have said I'm the messenger. Oh, you could have said you're a, a Messiah. Yes. Yeah. Or I could have claimed I'm the son. Yeah. Or I could have said, said, I'm himself. Yes. If just I turned on a light bulb. Unfortunately, I didn't have a light bulb a thousand years ago. Yeah. Now everybody has it. So it's not magic anymore. It's just engineering. Hmm. So I'm just saying engineering means when you engineer something, well, it's more than magical. No magic can do those things that we are doing, isn't it? You pick up your phone and talk to just about anybody in the world.


If, you did this 200 years ago, you could have claimed your God himself. Yeah. So, If, you engineer your interiority in the way it works for you. There are many ways to describe it. A simple way to say this is, let's say we create a, a chemistry today. Everybody knows that all their experiences are in somehow connected to their chemical structure. Right? What you call is joy is one kind of chemistry. Miseries, another kind of chemistry. Anxiety is one kind of chemistry. Tranquility is another kind of chemistry, agony, ecstasy. Everything has a chemical basis. So in many ways, If, you look at the biochemistry of a human being, it is the most complex chemical factory on the planet.


That's true. It is. Because a number of things that are happening every moment in every molecule of DNA and stuff is unbelievable. S suppose you can create a chemistry the way you want it. Would you create a chemistry of blissfulness or misery? Choose. Choose. I'm gonna bless you, Blissfulness. You must choose quickly. That's all I did, and that's all I'm teaching people how to create a chemistry of blissfulness. Understood. So suppose you're blissful, no matter what If you, sit, stand, eat, don't eat. You're blissful. If you're blissful, essentially what it means is there is no fear of suffering.


Ah, Only when there is no fear of suffering will you take full strides in your life. Otherwise, every step is a half a step. That's all that's happening to humanity. The fear of suffering is crippling them, not allowing their geniuses to flower. Every human being is capable of this, but it's not happening because the fear of suffering, what will happen to me? Hmm. So, If, you give If, you are given this assurance, no matter what happens around you, nothing happens to you are the way you are. You are blissed out all the time. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You gotta get blissed out. Yeah, I understand that. So as If, you If, you can No, no, No. I didn't ask you to go for those things. Blissed out mean not that.


No, Don't mean like this. Oh, okay. That is, I fixed my chemistry from inside, not from outside. So that's what you're Right. Right. So you're saying if, if I get myself to a state that, 'cause what the state I can control is the state that I am. So if I can keep that state as comfortable as possible, then they Don't use the word comfort. Okay. See, the chemistry causes bliss. See, every human being at some moment in their life, they have had blissful experiences. Yeah. Joyful experiences. Oh, yeah. Loving experiences, ecstatic experiences. The same time they were all versions of negativity. Experiences also have happened.


So essentially, are you competent of being blissful and ecstatic? You are because it's happened to you already. Yes. It's not like you're not like a rock where it didn't go into such an experience. You have gone into that experience. Now, only the question is about sustainability. Yeah. Sustainability is a problem right now because most experiences are happening in an unconscious manner. You are not causing it. Something else is causing it. An external stimuli. I look at something beautiful. Wow. Why am I not, whoa, without, without my eyes closed? This is what I realized very, very early on in my life.


you know, one thing I realized was when I was just four and a half years of age, I realized I don't know anything. Yeah. Don't know anything means, don't know anything at all. To such an extent. If somebody gives me a glass of water, I don't know what is water. I know how to use it. I know how to drink it. I know all the other things you can do. But I don't know what it is. Actually, even today, you don't know what it's, yeah, Yeah. You'll say it's too, but with all this scientific ex exploration, we still do not know one atom in its entirety. We know how to use it. We know how to fuse it. We know how to make a bomb out of it, but we don't know what it is.


So if I find a leaf, I'm just looking at it for hours on end. If I sit up in my bed, I'm staring at the darkness for the whole night. My dear father being a physician, he started thinking, I need psychiatric evaluation because this boy is staring at something all the time. Yeah. So he's a daydreamer. I'm not dreaming. Yeah. I'm just paying attention. Yeah. See, I look at this, I don't know what this is. So I'm not able to look at the other thing, because I still don't know what this is. So I went on like this, and in this condition they sent me to school.


My mother said, you must pay attention to the teachers. Don't look here and there. So I went on and paid attention to the teacher, the kind of attention they had never received in their entire life. That kind of attention. Then, you know, initially I saw, I kind of understood what they were trying to say. Then I saw actually, they're only making sounds. I'm making up the meanings in my mind. See, right now, if I start talking in one of the Indian languages, you know, India has over 19,000 languages. Oh, that's a lot. If I speak one of those languages, as far as you are concerned, it'll be just sound.


You can't attach meanings to it. Right. So language is a kind of a conspiracy between two people. I utter one sound. You make up the meaning. You ought to run another sound. I make up the meaning. So I just sat there, oh, they're only making sounds. I'm making up the meanings. I stopped making up meanings. Just listen to the sound very attentively, not disregarding, listening carefully. Then I found it so amusing. Teacher after teacher, they come and make noises and noises and noises. A big smile spread on my face. But they were not amused At all. So this happened probably 12, 13 years ago.


It's 24 now. Probably 14 years ago. This school where I studied over 50 plus years ago, they came to invite me for their 125th anniversary. Wow. I said, see, you know, they, they came and said many things. I said, please see, I was not just a not good student. I was not even a student. I only came there when it is a master. Otherwise, I escaped. So why me? Then they said, no, no. Our school has produced film stars. Our school has produced cricketing stars, you know, in India. Oh yeah. Cricket If.


you don't know anything about cricket. They'll take away your passport. Then I'll lie, I guess. So we have produced cricketing stars. We have produced music stars. But you are the only mystic. You must come. Ah. I said, okay. And I went there. I stood in the quarter angle, looked around, same oppressive buildings. Then I suddenly remembered in this particular classroom, what happened. I must have been around 12, little over 12 years of age. One day a teacher comes and asks me a question. I slowly graduated to a place where initially I was not attaching meanings to the sounds.


After some time, I'm not even hearing the sounds. If I see somebody, I see just a blob of energy and all kinds of things happening. But I'm just fully attention. But I can't even hear what they're saying. Wow. So he asked me a question, and I'm just looking at him without a single word, and he tries to get an answer out of me for over 35 minutes, and he doesn't get it. He comes and holds me by the shoulder, shakes me violently like this, and says, you must either be the divine or the devil. I think you are the leader. Then till then, my problem was, what is this?


What is that? What is that? What is this? Because I don't have an answer for one damn thing. Everybody makes conclusions. Nobody knows. Yeah. All right. We don't even know single atom properly. We don't know where we are in this cosmos. Alright. Hello? Yeah. We don't know where we come from, where we go, what people can invent and believe. Simple things. That's different. But If, you really sincerely ask a question. You don't know. So till that moment, I don't know anything, but I knew I'm this. Suddenly I got confused. Is this divine or devil? What is it? I just, just to stare at myself.


Yeah. It didn't work. So I started closing my eyes. Then till that moment, looking at everything, the visual contact with life around me, from an insect to one hand, to a leaf, to just about anything looked absolutely engaging and amazing to me, endlessly. See, it's made in such a way, If, you pay enough attention, you can spend a lifetime studying an ant, and you will still not know fully what it is. Yeah. In a hundred years of life. That's how profound and sophisticated and complex life is. I understand. So I'm excited about anything and everything looks amazing to me. But then I realized when I close my eyes, this whole thing exploded to another dimension.


Because what is within, when I say within, not just thought emotion as a life. Right. What is happening within is so phenomenal that I had no need to open my eyes. If I close my eyes, I just keep it closed for hours and hours. Wow. Yeah. The inner world. Yeah. It's like a whole nother universe. I guess. When you close your eyes and you start to look within yourself, and I, I want to ask you about some of that. I want to ask you first and and say, thank you very much for being here today. So I grew up Thank you. I'm very happy to see you and spend time with you. Some of my best friends are extreme fans of yours. Really? Yes. Who are these guys? Yeah. My friend James Bus Shera is a huge fan of yours.


He's been to, I think some, some institutes maybe that you have in, in India are That's where your Here Here we have. Yeah. One in Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. The Is Ishi Is a institute of inner sciences. Isha Institute of Inner Sciences. And you started in India though. That's where you're from. And. what is the main religion in India? Just so some of our audience can get familiar or like what's the Yeah. If I say it in a few words, they may not understand. So let me take a few minutes and, okay, explain this. See, religion is a very external thing for us in India. We don't have a religion or the religion like that.


We see that every human being has to pursue his pursuit of truth. Wanting to know what is the nature of our existence here. And the only goal is to find liberation from the mechanics of life, which sometimes give you a high, sometimes give you a low. Sometimes makes you feel like top of the world. Sometimes crushes you. What is the basis of all this? To figure this, we have methods and methods and methods. Everybody who follows one method, they may think this is my way, but nobody has any issue with the other. It's very strange. I mean, this part of the world will have difficulty understanding in the same house, if there are five people, they will be worship, shipping, five different data.


Yeah. But there is no clash about it. There's no problem about it. Because we see, it's up to you. If. you can relate to this plant. You can worship this plant. If. you can relate to your mother. You worship your mother If. you can relate to the cloud. Worship the cloud. Because the important thing is how you feel about it. See, people are always thinking, I mean, this is a very common terminology here. So I'm saying this. This is not about cultural, this thing. So for example, somebody says, I love somebody. Why? 'cause he's the perfect person. That is different. You may realize after some time how perfect somebody is. Nobody's perfect. All right? Yeah.


The thing is you love them. That is what is so special about, ah. Not because they're perfect. You love them because you love them. They look so wonderful. So this is a fundamental aspect that we see. Our subjectivity determines everything. I see. So it's not that even going to that example of love. It's not that you love the person because they're a certain way. It's that you love them, you love Them, love them. Everything about them looks nice. Got It. So similarly, you relate to it. Whichever way. The important thing is your experience of life should become profound. If a plant can do it, if a tree can do it, if a dog can do it, a man or woman can do it.


Or some other entity that you think of, do it. It doesn't matter to us. Whereas the important thing is every day as life goes by, your experience of life should become more profound. Hmm. Profound means you have deeper roots into life, not living on the surface. Because if you're living on the surface, one gale and you get blown away. Yeah. One strong wind, a flood, a yeah. Anything. So to have real roots into the life. So fundamentally it is to To live and to live. Totally. That is the only thing. But it's not a religion. 'cause the word religion essentially implies you have to believe something.


India has always been recognized as a land of seekers. A seeker means you can be a genuine seeker, only If. you realize, I do not know, isn't it? Ah, If. you see, I don't know, something. You don't have to label yourself as a seeker. The human intelligence is such, it'll start seeking you. You do not know where is the light switch you'll seek. Isn't it? Understood. So saying, I don't know, is the beginning of I do not know, is a tremendous possibility. Mm. Whether it is science or spirituality. The fundamental is I do not know.


Only If. you see, I do not know. The longing to know will come and the possibility of knowing will arise. Wow. Everything that you do not know, If you believe, it'll give you confidence. That is the whole thing. If. you need confidence. You must believe something. But confidence without clarity can become disastrous. Like what does that mean? See, right now, let's say this room is pitch dark. You can't see. There's no clarity, but you have confidence. You'll walk over me. If, you have no confidence. At least gently you'll feel your way through. But If, you are confident. You'll blunder through everything. This is what is happening to a whole lot of people because they have confidence where there is no clarity.


The confidence is not a substitute for clarity. Ah, seeing things clearly is most important. Confidence means you assume something and invest your emotion in it, and you become confident. So the question is just this, do you want solace or do you want a solution to life? Do you want solace or do you want a solution to life? Yes. And. what does the word solace mean? Just so we solace Means we somehow convince you. Don't worry. Everything will be okay. I see. Right. Do you want to be convinced or do you want to To know? Do you want to know to know? Or do you want to just be convinced about something? Ah. See, right now in this room of all of us said, this is it among us.


It becomes the truth, but it's not the truth. All of us say that we are not in Tennessee, we are in Timbuktu. Yeah. So among us, we are Timbuktu people. But when you step out, you're in Tennessee. Right. I've heard you talk recently about, about how evolution is not biological anymore. Where we are as human beings. Right. And that it's more about our conscious. Now, can you expound a little bit on that? For me, The way it is shaped us and the way we have evolved is not accidental.


It's got something to do with the planetary system as how the cities, how, how the whole system works. Or in other words, this solar system is working like a potter sw to manufacture the life that it has manufactured to. To understand this, there are various aspects to it, mathematical aspects to it. Let me not get into that. One important thing is the relationship between the sun and the earth. We know all life here is solar powered. Just everything, the whole system of evolution happened.


Because when those very smart or fungi, we don't know which one. Which one got smarter fast? Who Of who? Of alga and fungi. Oh, okay. Al Between the two. There's a competition. Both are claiming we did it first. Okay. Okay. Some billion years ago. Yeah. They learned one trick, how to manufacture food from sunlight. Today we call that photosynthesis. It is that photosynthesis, which is the basis of all life on this planet. The plant life came, and then animal life, everything happened. But the fundamental thing is we learned how to transform suns energy into food.


Food and energy. For ourselves, for life. Ah. So it's from there. That came. So today we are also, we may not be directly solar powered, but everything that we eat is solar powered If. you don't go out in the sun for a year. you know? You become paled out. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So It is a solar energy that's important. Which also controls the movement of the earth around itself. Yeah. This 365 days or whatever, and the moon's movement around the earth, which is 28 days or 27 plus something days. All this is very related to our birth.


One simple fact is this, if our mother's bodies were not in sync with the cycles of the moon, we wouldn't be born. Oh, that's true. Huh? Because a menstrual cycle is related to the moon. It's Exactly the moon cycle. Wow. So you want to know the yogic doomsday? We're not doomsayers, but there is a yogic doomsday. This calculation was made maybe some 26, 20 7,000 years ago. I'm sorry. Mm. Yep. They made a calculation and said, every year the moon is moving away from the planet approximately a, an an inch and a quarter, about 15 millimeters per year.


Moon is moons. Arbit is moving away. They made a calculation. In 28,000 years, the moon will go so far away from the moon, from the earth that human women will not have menstrual cycles. No. So quietly human race will end. They're gonna be angry too. What Do you mean? The women are gonna be angry if they don't have 'em? I bet Not angry. They won't be women anymore. Oh, That's a good point, huh? Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So once they're not women, men will die too. Wow. So it's not by eyes or fire or bomb. If we don't do that beforehand in 28,000 years, it can happen.


But this calculation was made. I'm sorry, I said the wrong number. It's about 3,400, 3,500 years ago. They made this calculation. So approximately 24,500 or 25,000 years later, this can happen because it is a fact that Mo Moon is moving away from the earth. Approximately 15 millimeters. So we're on the clock right now. Yes. 25,000 years you'll die. Is it okay? I'm already upset about it.


Are you able to gamble responsibly? Well, I've got a question for you then. Do you think you know who will win the presidential election? Or how many seats the Democrats are Republicans will win in the House or Senate? Well, there's finally a legal way to bet on the outcome of these elections through a platform called calci. Calci is the first legal exchange where you can bet on any event, including the upcoming election, Calci went to court and won legal approval for election betting for the first time in over 100 years. They have markets on who will win the presidential election, who will control the House and Senate, who will win swing states and more. Calci is already being used by hundreds of thousands of people and has facilitated over $1 billion worth of trades. Let's take an example. Right now, Trump and Kamala are trading at about 50 50, meaning If. You place a bet on either you'll double your money if they end up winning. That's pretty good. So put your money where your mouth is and sign up using calci.com/ Theo. and the first 500 traders who deposit $100 will get a free $20 credit. That's K-A-L-S-H i.com/t HEO calci.com/ Theo.


Dang, what happened to my sleeves? Maybe they were stolen. If you're ever worried about the safety, safety of your home or your things or your family, there's no better time to act right now. You can get 60% off a new SimpliSafe security system. Their best deal of the year. SimpliSafe is the home security I trust and I use. I've been using it for years. I love the peace of mind it brings. Knowing my home is protected 24 7, my listeners can get 60% off today just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash Theo. That's S-I-M-P-A e.com/t. SimpliSafe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. this week only you can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash Theo. That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/t HEO. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


you know, I like going live events. I saw Big X the plug the other night, and I saw the Vanderbilt Commodore play football only a few weeks ago. And when you need tickets at the last minute, Gametime is where to get them. We just scored some tickets for one of our producers to the MLB playoffs using Gametime. That's right. Gametime. It is the only ticketing app that gives you complete peace of mind with your purchase. You can see the view from your seat on your phone before you buy all in one pricing shows your total cost upfront. You can buy tickets in seconds with two taps. Tap, tap. They also offer the Gametime guarantee, so you'll always get the best price. If. you find tickets in the same section and row for less. Gametime will credit you 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with Gametime Download, the Gametime app. create an account and use code WEEKEND for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again, create an account and redeem code W-E-E-K-E-N-D for $20 off. Download Gametime today. What time is it Gametime?


So, but this moment away from the earth need not be 15 millimeters. As it goes away. As earth's gravity's influence becomes less and less, it could start moving little faster. But they say approximately this can happen in 28,000 years at that time. Wow. For 25,000 years, let's say. So this is how we are right now. The form of our body, the shape, and how it works, everything is very connected to the system in which we exist. So we have recogniz recognized nine celestial bodies, which have maximum influence on us. There are 14, 15 of them, but nine of them have very strong influence in that.


The most important three are the sun, the moon, and the planet itself. So we are a consequence of this planetary system. Wow. This happened approximately 14, 15,000 years ago or more. This question was asked to the first yogi, we call him Ade yogi. That means the first yogi ade yogi. Yeah. That means the first yogi. The first yogi was asked this question that all these things you're teaching us and we are struggling to understand and grow. Why can't human system be evolved to a bigger possibility? Essentially, they're asking, why can't we increase the size of our brain or capacity?


Something like that. So he explained something. He said, if something like that has to happen, some fundamental change in the planetary system needs to happen. Otherwise it cannot happen. You have reached the peak of physiological evolution. But of course, anything that we said in the past, we don't believe it has to come from our universities and laboratories. Alright? Yeah. Today our laboratories and universities are saying this neurologically, If, you want to increase the capacity of your brain. One thing you can do is pack more neurons into your head. Okay? Like a lot of children come like this, they come with excessive neuronal capacity, but they're unstable.


Yeah. Because too much. They're brilliant, but brilliance can't do anything without balance, you know? Yeah. It'll work against you. Oh Yeah. A lot of kids are really on balance. Yeah. So, so one simple thing to do for these children is, unfortunately here, you take them to the doctor, medicate them to see. When you give a medicine to slow down something, everything slows down. All right? You don't have a tablet which will go and act only in that place. It'll slow down Everything. Additions are given to children. Like anything. It's the wrong way to do it. If children are like this, the thing you need to do is take them out into the mountains, make them climb, play a game, swim, physical activity, intense physical activity.


It'll burn down what is excess or If. you can teach them the classical system of yoga. It'll do that very well. But if that is not possible, you have enough space in the United States. Let them run in the mountains. Let them swim in the river, whatever. Yeah. Physical activity to burn it down. Okay. Another way of enhancing the capacity is you increase the size of the neuron. See, right now, as you sit here in a restful state, 20% or more of your energy is spent on your brain. Your brain is only this much. I'm sorry, that much. Okay. Yeah. But it could be a little less over here too. So if, if your brain is this much, it's consuming 20% of the energy, this big body is consuming 80%.


This much brain is consuming 20%. That is the nature of the brain. If, you increase the neuron size, the volume of energy it'll consume will be such, even your physical growth will not happen properly. Wow. And you cannot sustain that. So today, neuro neuronal scientists are explaining it this way. But way back 15,000 years ago, ADI Yogi said, unless there are fundamental changes in the planetary system, you cannot evolve beyond, but you can evolve consciously. I see. So, but so physiologically body-wise, we can't evolve anymore. We've evolved. If you're thinking of growing horns, right. Or something, Or wings or something, yeah.


That won't happen. Yeah. But the existing, existing system is largely unused. So the inner system, yes. The conscious, Let's no, don't even go to consciousness. Okay. That's another thing. If, you wish to go there today, we will go. Otherwise we won't go. Okay. Just the neuronal system is largely unused. It, most studies say our brain capacity is only used eight to 12% in average human beings. Wow. Some are using up to 20%. Yeah. Some are not. Yes. 20% is still not a great percentage. No. Yeah, Because It's like a G minus, I think. I Don't know what that is. You know what, it's Because I didn't go to school much, so I don't know what grades they gave me.


Yeah. Let us imagine. They were good. you know? So if we only are using up to 20%, but you believe that we can evolve that? Yes. Wow. You can push it If, you push it to a hundred percent. You'll be five times, at least probably many, many fold more than what you are right now in terms of your intelligence and capacity, which some human beings are displaying. All right. Yeah. So initially you said about this, whatever. See for example, the number of things I'm doing, probably, I don't know what you know about us, the number of projects and things all being done by a volunteer organization every day. you know, I have to guide them.


It's not like they're professionally trained. Running a volunteer organization means nobody's trained for the job. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. They're enthusiastic. Yeah, they're enthusiastic. Yeah. And people Need direction, but they're not trained for the job. Yeah. And you can't fire them for inefficiency to try to run something like this. Over 18,000, I mean, 18 million volunteers across the world. Really? Yes. Part-time, full-time, over 6,000 full-time volunteers. Wow. Massive projects being run in many places. We are the largest ecological moment on the planet right now. We're the largest tree plantation program on the planet right now. Re, plantation Tree.


Tree plantation. Tree plantation. We, we just completed about 25 or 26 days ago, we completed 114 million living trees. Wow. So all this takes a certain amount of work. And also our programs are going on all around the world for all this. It takes a lot of management. Yeah. At any given time, I can run 14 tracks. In my mind. They're all simultaneously working. Every building that is designed, I design it from a door bolt to window, to everything. I get engaged. Yeah. From the windows to the walls. Yeah. Now I'm trying to withdraw from those things, but this is how it's been for the last 30, 40 years.


Wow. So people ask me, Sadhguru, so much work. How do you unwind? I said, I don't wind myself up. Where should I unwind? You wind yourself up and then you want to unwind. Yeah. The important thing is this, which unfortunately, very sad consequences are happening to people because somewhere they have also realized this. The most important thing is If. you want to be stress free. You must be intoxicated. If, you wanna be stress free. Yes. You must be intoxicated. Yes. Intoxication does not mean your uncle, Jack. Daniel. Yeah. Intoxication means, as I already said, this is the most complex chemical factory.


If. you create a certain chemistry within you. You are always to, but not an alert. Because we are not against intoxication, we are against incompetence. Yeah. So If, you take chemicals from outside, either alcohol or drugs or anything, you become incompetent as to what you can do. There is no time or room for incompetence in this life because our life is very brief. For what? What possibilities. Human intelligence creates the, the what possibilities human intelligence can create for that.


We don't have enough time. If, you live to be a hundred years. It's too brief. But have you noticed this on a particular day, you're very joyful. 24 hours, poof. Went off like a moment. Yeah. Another day. You're a little depressed. One day goes like a yon. Yeah. So time is a very relative experience. So intoxication is important, but not from outside. But if just intoxication means you'll sit around, you need exuberance of life. If exuberance and intoxication is there at the same time, then you know how to be still stillness, exuberance, intoxication.


If these three things happen within you at the same time, life is like a breeze. Mm. No matter what is the situation. Every day, there are situations for us, our activity is global and all kinds of troubles. Because we don't subscribe to any partic, we don't subscribe to any particular religious group or philosophical group or anything. So just about everybody's against us one way or the other. Yeah. Yeah. We don't ascribe to any political group. So per political groups are, everybody thinks I'm their enemy, though. We've not done anything against anybody. But you grow in size without being aligned to anybody.


They think you are their enemy. This is the human mentality. Yeah. Constantly. Yeah. Competition, something going on. So I created one image. I took two and a half years to design this face to today. It's in the Guinness record as the largest face on the planet. The Largest face. Yeah. Yes. This is to acknowledge and also inspire people. This is the face of Oggi. So when I wanted to design, I set this goal for myself that it should have stillness, intoxication, and exuberance on its face. I took two and a half years, and we made this internally within our center, our own people, our own engineers. Engineers means not qualified. Yeah. Engineered by me.


We together created this and that face has become like a huge thing in India. It's a destination point right now, Where is it? I wanna see it. Oh, See, here it is. Can you make a single large picture? See, that is a face. Wow. So That's beautiful. You must tell me whether I've succeeded in stillness, intoxication, and exuberance. Mm, yeah. That one. There we go. Yeah. Wow. It's 112 feet tall. And what did they make it out of? What is it? Is that composed of This is steel. Oh my gosh. And is it individual pieces that were put together like a puzzle?


Yes. Yes. Wow. Individual pieces. Now, second one we did in Bangalore, and that is also of the same size. Now, others will come off a much larger size. The idea is to move human wellbeing from belief system to philosophies, to ideologies to technology. Technology is of wellbeing. This is what Ade Yogi gave 15,000 years ago. Methods and technologies as to how you can transform yourself, not philosophies, morals, ideologies, methods and technologies. So though he gave this 15,000 years ago, and in every generation there has been certain number of people making use of it.


I think the humanity was never ready. Like today, that we are willing to look at technology for as a solution for everything. Hmm. So that goes for your inner wellbeing also. So how to be, well, there is a technology. When I say technology, the most sophisticated technology on the planet is human mechanism itself, isn't it? Yeah. The question is, you have the most sophisticated technology, but have you read the user's manual? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, a lot of us haven't. And a lot of us don't even think that. There it, it's like you, you don't even start to examine the directions. you know? It's like you don't even get to know the instrument, but you're just playing music all day.


And a lot of times it ends up being music you just already heard. You're just repeating other people's music. Right. Or you're repeating a, you're not really learning the instrument or creating your own song Music. It's okay. Mostly noise. Yeah, It's a good point. It's a trap of noise. How does, how do, how would someone start to get to know themselves, would you say? I know that's kind of a broad question, but a lot of times we kind of just, we're just living. Right? Instead of like kind of experiencing ourselves. I feel like, especially these days when a lot of our attention is captured so much, but how do we start? How would you suggest that we start to get to know ourselves?


The first thing is to make a distinction between what is you And, what is not you right now, because you're a podcaster, you can't live without this microphone. Right. But is this you? No, No. It's your mic. Fine. You wear clothes. Is this you? No, no. Similarly, you have a body. Is it you Now? That's where it gets a little questionable. Oh, let's come to that. Now. You were born like this same shape and size Smaller Like this. Yeah, a bit. That tiny bit has, don't like this.


How? By being fed, nurtured, I guess. Fed. Okay. Fed. Essentially food. Yeah. Food means what? It came from the earth. Either in the form of vegetable, animal, fish, whatever. Essentially it's piece of earth. So you put this piece of earth into you and it became like this. So now if this piece of earth that you call as food appears in your plate, you say, this is my food. You eat it, and then you say, this is me, me. This is like you became a podcaster. After a few years, you start saying, this microphone is me. Right. Then people know you lost it.


Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm thinking you use the microphone. They may be happy. Yeah. You start thinking, I'm the microphone, or the damn microphone starts speaking by itself. Yeah. Dangerous. Yeah. Right. Now, that's all that's happening. Body is telling its own story. Your mind is telling its own story. Your body is just an accumulation of food. Your mind is just accumulation of impressions. Both these things, If, you use it, wonderful, the great instruments, but if they use you, it's terrible. That's all that's happening. The bodily needs and psychological needs have captured and destroyed most human beings on the planet.


They invest their whole life to fulfill their bodily needs or their psychological and emotional needs. Yes or no? Yes. For sure. You are not here to just take care of their needs. You are here to use them, to ride them towards whatever matters to you. But that's not happening because there is no distinction. There is no distance. So simple thing I can do for you is we can do, you teach you a simple method that If, you sit here. This call is shahi. It's part of the in engineering process. If. you sit here, your body's here. Your mind is, here you are little away, little space.


Once there is a space between you and your body, between you and your mind, this is the end of suffering. Because there are only two kinds of sufferings that you know, physical suffering and mental suffering. Do you know anything else? No. Physical and mental suffering. Yeah. Once there is a distance between you and your body, between you and your mind, this is the end of suffering. Hmm. Now, when there's no fear of suffering, now your intelligence blossoms. Now what is being human finds expression. When I say being human, there are many ways to go at it. Simple thing is we recognize that there are many creatures from microbes to worms, to insects, to birds, animals, trees.


Everything. Everything. Yeah. But we call them all creatures. This is the only creature that we call as human being. What this means is this is the only creature which is crossed that line where out of, instead of living out of compulsive reactions, instinctive reactions, this has become conscious enough that it can choose how to be. Hmm. Once you become human, there is a possibility. No matter what's happening around you, you can choose how to be. All other creatures are in compulsive, instinctive reaction. This one can choose consciously.


Unless that happens, the evolution is not complete. I'm saying, this is why I said evolution is conscious. Right now, you sit here, I won't, but I'm saying usually people are doing it to each other. Let's say I abuse you. Yeah. Now you can either react instinctively or consciously respond as you feel fit. So in one, you'll employ your intelligence in another fit of energy, which will mostly end lost to you, then to the other. Right. So you're saying that how we can get to know ourselves is by starting to create a little bit of space between What is you And, what is not you?


Right. Your body is an accumulation, isn't it? What you accumulate can be yours can never be you, isn't it? Yeah. Same goes for your mind. It's an accumulation of impressions. So in the night before you go to bed, you try this today, lie down everything that you have accumulated in your life, your home, your family, your relationships, everything and everything that you have, including your body, mind, emotion, thoughts, memories. Just keep it on the bedside and go to sleep. Initially, you'll find it's kind of confusing, but If, you apply yourself one day. When you sleep and wake up, you'll wake up like a flower. Really? Yes.


So you just say, I'm gonna leave these things here. No. There are meditative processes for that. I see. So you, Because you, when you do it intellectually, you get caught up in that only. Right. Instead of that, there are methods with which If. you sit here. Clearly there's a distinction between what is you And, what is not you. As we already went through, suffering happens physiologically and psychologically. Once there's a distance between these two, this is the end of suffering. Forget about being ecstatic. Most people can't be peaceful. This, This happened in Tennessee. A man died and then funeral.


Everything happened. Burial happened, and the wife wanted to buy a a tombstone for him. Usually these tombstones are all coming from India. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, thank you guys. A lot of 'em are very nice. Most Of the granite tombstones are coming from India. So the wife ordered from India and she had a plaque written on it, and she put it. People came and saw it was written there. Rest in peace. Until we meet again. That's a lot of pressure, you know, Saying rest in peace still be you, and we meet once again, things will start.


Wow. So once we, so once we start to get to be able to separate. No, don't blame it on me. I'm asking you. Okay. Is body an accumulation? Yes. You're saying it not me. Is your mind an accumulation of impressions? Yeah. It's just an impression of things. Whatever You accumulate, it can be belong to you. But can it be you? No, That's it. You. You are saying it. Not me. Don't accuse me. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Good call. Good call. Yeah. This is me saying it. A lot of our capacity these days for consciousness has been hijacked by our phones. Right. By cell phones. Not really.


You Don't think? No, not at all. I find phone as a very blessed instrument. Oh, I have to know this then, Because if that damn phone was not there, how many places I will have to hop from here to there, there to there to get things done. Today, I wake up in the morning. If I just look like this in 10 minutes, I'll handle 20 different issues around the world. That's a good point. So phone is a tremendously useful instrument. If, you don't know how to use it. Of course, you can even kill yourself with the phone. Take it and bang it on your head. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It'll break.


Not the phone. Your head. Yeah. So I'm saying anything that's given to us, it all depends on how we use it. Right? Just like the baby with the knife. Yeah. Like a man with intelligence cutting himself into pieces. So he just go stand in the street. Everybody's driving their dream car. Whatever their dream is, they're driving that car. Just block the traffic for five minutes. You'll see how they'll freak fret. They're sitting in the dream car. Somebody's giving you an opportunity to stay in the dream car for another five minutes, but they'll freak reconvert. Because the question is not about the situation.


No. No matter where you put them, they will create suffering because the suffering is not from the situation. Suffering is mental condition, isn't it? If they see, if they have a job, they, they'll stress fire them. They'll stress get them married. They'll stress. Stress. Get them divorce. They will stress. Make them live. They will stress. Make them die. They will stress. Yeah. All right. So stress is not a consequence of what you're doing. Stress is a consequence of you not knowing the nature of how your mind functions. Mm. What is needed to make it work? Well, like these people asking me, what do you do to unwind?


First of all, why do you wind yourself up and then unwind? Yeah. It's most of what we do now. It's a lot of like, yeah, it's a lot of feeling like we need to adjust ourselves. Right. To what? I don't know. It's a good question, but I think that's a lot of the general feeling is like, I need to adjust. I need to affect myself. you know? With adjust to what? With what? I don't know. It could be anything. It could be with dr. It could be with drugs, alcohol. It could be with just scrolling on your phone. It could be with anger. I just think a lot of people, we feel like we need to do something all the time.


That means you don't know how to be. Right. Then how do you earn the title? Human being? Yeah. We must strike it off. You say human creature. Yeah, I agree. It feels like we're getting back more towards creatures. you know? It's important to become a human being because that's a privileged position in the evolutionary process that we've been placed in a place where we can determine the nature of our experience. Do you think that A, that a higher consciousness did that? Do you think it was on purpose? See, what is consciousness right now? Are you conscious?


Yeah. You conscious you're here. You're conscious that I'm here. So you conscious now the question is only of how conscious. Yes. Yeah. So nobody's really unconscious. Even in your sleep, you're somewhat conscious. Question is how conscious right now, If, you sit here, sit here, sit here. Another 12 hours, you'll feel a little droopy. Then you'll become less conscious. Less conscious. Less conscious. In between. If I say 10 words, you'll hear five. Then you'll hear two. Then you won't hear anything. Now how many are you hearing? Nada? No, None. The 10 I speak, you're hearing none.


Come on. 'cause I'm unconscious then. No, no. You Are hearing right now. I'm saying as you become less and less conscious, you'll hear less and less. Yeah. Right? Yes. So this is all Lish that right now, you know these lights have been masked a bit. Generally we control them with a little real stat or a fader or whatever you call it. So If, you put it at low fade and there's only single light. It lights up only this much full. The room is dark, just lighting you mildly. Then I think, oh, only this guy is there Because I see only you.


Somebody lights up. The fade are a little bit heightens, the voltage. Then I say, oh, this is there. That is there. That is there. That person is there. That person is there. Ah. Light it up fully. Everything that's in this room is crystal clear to me. This is consciousness. How intense have you kept? If your consciousness has to be like that, you must keep your physiology very clean and vibrant. Your mental structure unentangled. Unentangled means you are not stuck in your own ideas of what it is. Ah. You're using your intelligence to see what is there, not make up what is not there.


If you, I've said this joke a few times, so you might have heard it, but let me say it. See, If, you build castles in the air and start believing it's true. Then we say you are neurotic. Yeah. But then after some time you start living in that castle. Then we say, you are psychotic. Yeah. Then somebody comes and collects rent for that castle. That's called psychiatrist. That's called psychiatrist.


That's awesome. Because people are creating this essentially, what is it? Your intelligence, your memory and imagination going wild. Yeah. Uncontrolled. Yeah. These are the two faculties, which are most beautiful things about being human. That you have a vivid sense of memory. What happened yesterday is vividly there in your memory. Using that. We have a fantastic sense of imagination. Yeah. But these are the two biggest problems that human beings have. What is all the human suffering about? You ask people, they still suffer. What happened 10 years ago and they will suffer.


That is yet to happen day after tomorrow. What happened yesterday is not alive right now, isn't it? It's only alive in your memory. Yeah. Is it anywhere else? No. No. It's gone. So you are suffering something that does not exist. What may happen day after tomorrow? You're already suffering. Does it exist? If? you suffer? What? That which does not exist. What would you say? What should we say about you? You are, you could be doing better things with your time. What, what should we say about that person? That They, that you suffer something which is not here.


Yeah, they're just, yeah, they're, that's worrying, right? That's called crazy. Yeah, It's crazy. Yeah. It's Turkey time. Do you know it? That's pretty good.


Do you love the holidays? But you hate grocery shopping? Ibotta is making your Thanksgiving easier with cash back on everything you need to make your perfect holiday meal so you can get the Turkey and your favorite sides for free. That's what's happening this month. Ibotta is giving new users 100% cash back on your Thanksgiving feast. Just add the offers in the app to redeem for everything you need to make your Thanksgiving feast complete. All you have to do is shop at your favorite retailers and upload your receipts. That's it. Simply download the Ibotta app now and use Code Theo to get 100% cash back on your Thanksgiving feast. starting November first, just go to the app store or Google Play Store and download the free Ibotta app and use code THEO. That's I-B-O-T-T-A, Ibotta in the Google Play or App Store and use code Theo.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. you know that I'd like to take a moment to thank my therapist. I don't do that very often. I've had a lot of 'em, so I could, I don't even remember all of them, but yeah, I guess I wanna thank them for listening over the years. If, you, you ever been to a therapist? Maybe you have. Maybe you haven't. Maybe you think it's not a good thing, or it's not cool or whatever. Well, I think it's fine. When I've had trouble figuring things out, which has been most of the time therapy, that's where I've gone. And BetterHelp is a place where you can go, if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist, and you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash t today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/t EO.


It's so hard to let go of things from the past. you know, don't, Don't let go anything. Okay. See, let go means you're trying to forget it. Okay. See, the nature of the mind is like this. Can we try and experiment with you? Sure. All the posters, yogic posters, not needed first. Okay. God, I wanna get an A. This Is, this is called a ra. All such serious things, not needed. I'm just going to tell you. Close your eyes and don't think of monkeys. Do not think of a monkey. No monkey, no monkeys at all.


Okay. Okay. Only monkeys. Come on. So, I'm saying this is the nature of the mind. This in this mind, there is no subtraction and division. There is only addition and multiplication. Whatever you try to do, it'll become one more, one more If. you try hard, it'll multiply how many monkeys? Did. you see? At least three If. you try hard, it'll become 3000. Yeah. Well, one of 'em was calling his friends so I could tell that it was gonna start to grow. So essentially, this is the nature of your mind. You cannot forcefully make it do something else, but you can handle it in such a way, the way you want it.


Only if you're above it. Right now, you're misunderstanding your psychological process as existential. See, what is happening in your mind is your psychological drama on what platform is this drama being played? The life that you are. Are you alive or no? Yeah, I'm alive. You're Alive. Not because of your thought and emotion, because some European guys said, I think so. I exist. So I'm gonna Ask him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For, but as far as I know I exist, you exist. So you may think, may not think. Right? Like, because I exist, I may fly my hand or I may keep it here.


Similarly, I may fly my mind or keep it here. Ah, but because most people have become so compulsive, they think because they think they exist. No, because you exist. You may think If, you wish. But that option and that choice has been given away by most people. Thought is like a diarrhea. It's happening all the time. Yeah. Not by choice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It is. So the important thing to understand is that your mental and emotional stuff is psychological drama. It is happening on the stage that we call as life. So suppose your drama one act is not going the way you think it should go.


We should change the act and the act and change the act not burn down the stage. Right? Right now we are burning down the stage with mental illnesses, suicide. These things are growing in such a scale. No more each individual problem. It is, it's like a global problem. We are in the process of launching what is called as miracle of mind. That we are launching a, a very intelligent app, which will provide simple tools for people to just 12, 15 minutes a day. And What's it called? Sim? Miracle of mind. Miracle of mind. Yep. Yeah. Because mind is a miracle, isn't it?


Every miracle that we have affected Oh yeah. Has only happened out of our mind. But we think it's a problem. Yeah. It's true. We're treating our mind like it's a problem. Huh? It is not a problem. I haven't even thought about that. It's like we're treating the greatest thing that we have as if it's a problem all the time. Because it's a sharp knife. If. you had the brain of an earthworm. You would need marijuana drugs, alcohol to be peaceful. You would any baby be peaceful. It can even be achieved. Now, If, you remove half your brain. You will sit here peacefully. Yeah. Destroying, destroying the possibility. And then being peaceful is meaningless.


Keeping all the human possibility full on. And then you're peaceful and joyful. Then it's wonderful. Yes. You destroy it. You soak it in alcohol. You sit in one corner, you smoke and sit in one corner, and you think you're peaceful. It's meaningless. Peace that way. Death is better. Death is peaceful. Yeah. Rest in peace. Till we meet again. Till we meet again. Oh, that sounds pressure. Some even you just died and you already have an appointment on the books. That's the part That sounds pressure. Some to me. Yeah. We have a ton of anxiety. I mean, that's a buzzword that a lot of people use nowadays is anxiety. Anxiety. My qualification Is what? Well, a lot of people, I'm distressed and disturbed and I'm anxious, has become a qualification.


They think it's a qualification. They don't understand. It's, it's destruction of human nature. Destruction of human possibilities, isn't it? Yeah. Oh, for sure. Yeah. I think it's definitely something that's very common now. I mean, I, I, I buy into it as well. It's like, you know, I feel like, oh, I'm, it's dealing with depression, or I'm, or I'm anxious. I hear a lot of younger people say anxious, though. That's one thing I hear 'em say a lot. like I have anxiety. And I never heard that when I was growing up. I never heard anxiety that much. You hear it a lot now. We had no clue. We didn't know how to spell anxiety when we were young. Yeah, Yeah.


Now, the thing is, there are many, many factors to this. There are sociological factors, there are other factors. Like there is not enough nutrient in the food. There's not enough strength in the soil. So there's not enough strength in the food that we consume. Oh, yeah. A lot of the soil we're using now I know, is it's just soil we've used so many times. It's getting, there's nothing left in it, you know? And we're growing our food out of It. Nothing left means what is not left. See, we must understand this If. you take that much of sand and add enough organic content to it, it becomes soil. Okay. If. you take rich soil and take off all the organic content from it, it becomes sand. Yeah.


So essentially it's the organic content. What does organic content do? It feeds the organisms. What are these organisms? There are trillions of species of organisms. In a handful of soil, there could be anywhere between six to 9 billion organisms. A handful of soil, 50 to 70,000 species of organisms in one handful of soil. Wow. But we are starving them to death. They are the foundational life. Even in your body. 60% is organisms. Only 40% is your parental genetics. Wow.


60% is other organisms. So these organisms are the foundational life for everything. For a plant animal, human being, for everything. This is the foundational life. They are dying in trillions per day or per hour, because there's no food. Why? There's no food. If organic material has to come into soil, there are only two sources. It's so simple. But unfortunately, it's, the world doesn't even to get it. There are only two sources. You can't make it in the factory. You can't do something else. You can't bring it from Mars. Only two sources. Why not green litter from the trees and animal waste?


These are the only two sources of organic material on the planet. Wow. Tell me, in your farm, the farms that we see in the world today, where are the trees? Where are the animals? No, tractor is doing all the job. The animal used to do, but the tractor doesn't. Shit. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We need to try. Yeah. We gotta turn. Yeah. We gotta put a, a digestive system on a tractor. You, if there's no organic content, the organisms will start dying. Yeah. See, the minimum organic content that is needed to coil soil as soil, according to un agencies, is 3%.


3%. That's how much soil needs to be organic content. That is the minimum organic content that should be there in the soil. But the shame is not a single nation. Not even one single nation on this planet has 3% average organic content across their lands. Not even one. The highest is 2.4%. In northwestern Europe. Southern Europe is 1.1%. United States is 1.25%. Africa is 0.03%. Oh Man. India is 0.62%. This is death. Most agencies are saying, we only have another 60 harvest left, not years harvest left.


Wow. Because there'll be nothing in the soil to make any more food. I wonder if, 'cause sometimes I wonder if like some of these like forward thinkers and these larger corporations that buy up a lot of the land and farmland, if they know that, you know, if they're like planning ahead, you know, like instead of fixing the problem though, and really They're trying to exploit the problem. Yeah. Like, instead of getting our soil better, people would rather, well, let's find something. We can eat that D We don't have to grow in the soil. you know? See, there is no such thing as growing elsewhere. Yeah. Do you understand for all that the basis, Oh, I believe it. The basis is in nature. All right. We can reproduce that.


We can use it in so many different ways. But you can't completely produce something out of nothing. Yeah. There's no such thing. So organisms are not just for food. Our very body's organisms right now, why all these immune issues, psychological issues, is the life material is collapsing. But the first one that collapses is the psychological, the software. The software is collapsing. Yeah. Hardware is also becoming weak. Our immune systems are not as they were sometime ago. Well, in this, apart from the soil being like that, there is a lot of alcohol usage, drugs, especially in teenage period, when people are growing up, alcohol, this, that smoke.


Oh, yes. Various things. Just weakening their substantial studies to show during a growing period, those who consume these things, their ability to get into depressive states, their ability to lose balance over their mind is very, very high in uk. So many studies have been done, which clearly show this, that the amount of depression, which is there in those who abused these things when they were very young, when the brain was still growing. That's Ireland. Hmm. That's mostly Ireland. Probably. No, UK generally, is it? All Of them. London is a hotbed for Everything. But so obviously, so if this, so we, so, man, there's a lot of things to think about.


So we're not getting the proper nutrients that we need. So you, you think that that contributes to some of the anxiety that people are dealing with these days? Like younger generation? I guess it makes sense. If, if they're not properly nourished, then it, how would you be able to create a stable environment inside of yourself? Right. 100%. See, nice. Many studies shows this If you in 1920s, that's a little over a century ago. If, you ate one California orange. What you got from that today, If, you have to get the same amount of nutrition. You have to eat eight oranges. Oh. Have you eaten eight oranges any one day?


No. You'll turn orange. Your blood won't be red. It'll become orangey. Oh, man. I would hate eating eight oranges. It would take you half the day. It would take you an hour and a half. See, United States, west of Mississippi, these are all grasslands. The prairie, we plowing them deep. 14, 15 inches with a machine. All right. With a tractor. The ones who plow the grassland. The reason why it's grassland, why there are no trees in that part of the country, because it's wind blown. My experience, people, they have traveled with me when I rode motorcycle across the western part of the United States.


The biggest problem is the wind. Yeah. I, I'm riding a heavy motorcycle, which is over 360 kilograms. But it goes like this because the wind is so strong. That's why there are no trees, because it's wind blown. So in this If, you plow 14, 16 inches. All the soil topsoil is flying away. You heard of the dust bowls of the past? Oh yeah. Even recently it happened in Illinois. So I, I was just talking to somebody and they're saying they're so excited about, you know, I don't remember the number exactly. They said so many million tons of soil landed up in New York City that the tall New York building stopped so much soil.


I said, what foolishness is this? You are, you are just looking at a million tons of soil, which the New York City building stopped. What about probably a trillion tons of soil, which went into Atlantic. Yeah. Because you plowed the prairie so deep. It's a grassland. Grassland means it's wind blowing, wind Blown. And it's just blowing it off. Yeah. I think it's just, we don't care enough, I guess. I don't know. It's tough. No, the everybody says I'm generation Z. Right. So they think they're the last generation, right? They're passing along the problem. No, No. See, when you say Z, that means the final thing. Right? Oh, It's true. Huh?


When I say this is It, I'm Generation Z means I'm the final generation. Yeah. I didn't even think about that. Yeah. I guess we don't have a strategy for after this. That's what it sounds like. No, we can still turn it around. I don't know. If, you have heard of the safe soil movement here? I'm Safe soil. Yeah. No. Save our soil. Save soil. This is save soil. Okay. As a part of changing the policy, because this can't be fixed. See if I say this, especially in California, I started speaking and they say, okay, I will go and fix my kitchen garden. You fixing your kitchen garden is very cute. I appreciate that. Yeah. But it's not a solution. Yeah.


Solution will happen. Only when the policy changes as to how we use our soil. Soil is not a resource. Soil is a legacy that's come to us from previous generations. It's our business to see that. It goes to next generation, if not better condition. At least the way they gave it to us. Yeah. At least that much. But we are finishing it off. All right. 52% of the agricultural soils are already degraded. And why do you think that's just a mindset that we have? I guess like you're saying, it's like we've reached generation Z. Maybe nobody, nobody's thinking about soil as a legacy. They're just thinking about what can I get from It Now? See, lemme tell you this.


I've, I'm not a scientist. Yeah. I'm not people, But I've spoken to various, various AgroSciences conferences and stuff. They asked me, how do you know? I said, I'm a worm. I'm like a worm. I'm crawling on this land as a life. And I know what's happening to me. By being in various situations, what happens to me. I'm conscious and sensitive enough to know what's happening to me. So, because we are not living in this universe. We are manufactured in the universities. Unfortunately, these days only information, no experience of anything. Yeah. There is no experience of anything. If. you go out, most people don't know what's the temperature.


They'll look in their phone. What is the temperature? Your body's there. Yeah. You must know what's the temperature. Yeah. You're a thermostat. Ah. But you, they don't even know whether they're hungry or not. Yeah. They'll look at how many calories they ate today. I Know I'm saying information. No profoundness of experience about anything from simple things to complex things. I'm saying, yeah. Because of this. We have arrived at this. We do one thing and forget the other thing. All bits and pieces of doing things. So you won't believe it in 20, what is Cop 26?


Glasgow 2022 Before that. 21. 20 or 20. Oneso is 22. No. Yes. 2022. January is Glasgow in, you know, Scotland. Scotland. Oh yeah. I like I. Like Scotland. You Like Scotland. You Golf. Yeah. I like Scottish people. You like You're a golfer. No. Or you Scottish? I'm not a bad, I'm not a good golfer yet. But I like the Scots just 'cause they've just been through a Lot. 'cause you don't understand what they say. That helps. You can just kind of go like this, you know? It's good. They speak the same language so differently.


Yeah. Yeah. I got to visit India one time. I went to Madras. I think I'll tell you about India later. We'll finish this soil business. Okay. So in Glasgow Cop 26 happened, which is all the country's meet the nation's representatives meet Cop 26, it's called. Yeah. This is a UN agency. Okay. It's called UN CCC for climate and whatever. Okay. So a lot of, all the environment ministers, some prime ministers, presidents, everybody are there for this meeting. So I, after this is over 15 days, they met, and this is over this, I asked some of the environment ministers, what have we decided about soil?


They said Soil. What about soil? I said, no discussion about files. He said, no. Those who are there for full 15 days, they're saying the word soil was not mentioned. Wow. Then I started a campaign. I rode a motorcycle from London to Southern India to seven nations. 30,000 kilometers. In hundred days. Man. They thought I will die. But I didn't see, here I am. That's some wind burn. Huh? Even now I came on a motorcycle. Yeah. Oh really? Yeah. Oh, that's Awesome. From Ackman will. So you guys did that to, to raise awareness. Not awareness to change the policy in the nation.


So we signed member memorandum of understanding MOUs with various countries. And European Union has done good work in terms of changing policies. But still it is too slow. See, the political process in a democracy is very slow. Is so slow. You will be, I mean this is not a, a popular thing to say. We ran these campaigns across in hundred days. We touched 3.9 billion people on the planet. Wow. Through social media and everything. With that kind of, once the democratic leaders see that kind of support, they want to do something about it. So Europeans started talking about it and marrying, making some changes.


It's just to be implemented, at least beginning to enter their policy. Well, in Middle Eastern countries, they're doing a lot, but they're in a bad land, you know? Yeah. It's a desert land. They're trying to do their best. India. A lot of changes have happened. Implementation still slow. But at least in law, changes have happened. But you won't believe we run a very low level campaign in China. But the Chinese are doing the best in this. Really? Yes. They have a lot of soil land over there. The thing is, I'm not speaking against democracy, but democracy has to be, democracy is a wonderful thing when people are conscious and focused towards one thing.


When democracy becomes a business by itself. Yeah. Well, to get any simple thing done, it'll take 10 years of debate and discussion and political Bo Bo bombing against each other. What needs to happen in the country is forgotten. The individual parties and stuff goes crazy. Yeah. So China doesn't have that problem. They converted millions of hectares of land, or millions of square kilometers of land into, you know, tree based agriculture and other things that we recommended. Wow. Because there, if somebody, one person decides, it just goes, it Happens. Yeah. It's not as much red tape. Yeah. Everything here has gotten so many legal issues.


Everything's a nightmare to get done here Now. Not just here, everywhere. All democracies, you have the best policy. I will go to the court puck. One hook on you. You run on the same spot for next three years. Yeah. Yeah. It's like this. You may not have the endurance to get rid of the hook. You may go in a different direction. Yeah. It's more a thing of endurance here. It's like you have to, it's just like to make a change Everywhere. In all democracies, unfortunately, people have learned how to misuse democracy. It is the most wonderful thing that people can decide who should rule how wonderful it is. But we have started misusing mechanics of democracy.


Everybody's understood. It's no more the spirit. It's the w wgar description of democracy, which is working. The spirit of democracy is what's best for the people should happen. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely, it's gotten very confusing. But I wonder if some of that's just a side effect of democracy over time and of capitalism over time. Everybody figured out how to win an election. That's the whole thing. Yeah, it's true. It's a good point. One of the things that I think sometimes we're missing in the world these days is, you know, people say connection a lot of times, and I don't know if that's necessarily true because in some ways, like you're saying, there's more connection than ever.


But what about like love and stuff like that? Do you think that love is AdChoices that we make? Or do you think there's something more cosmic involved in it? Like, whoa, when people choose to love one another, Your neighborhood girl sent by cosmos. Cosmic agents. Yeah. That would be nice, huh? You could just wish on a star for a date. But yeah. Do you think that there's something, 'cause love feels different whenever you're in love with someone. Right? So when you say whenever, that means it's not happening all the time. It happens once in a way. Right? It's a leap year. So, So right now, how, how much radical view are you ready for?


I'll take it all. I think Really. I mean, it depends on how weird we're trying to get, but yeah, I mean, I'm into some stuff. Yeah. I'll listen. At least I'll start there. Okay. So one way to look at it is the emotion of love. Initially it got the way people know it. It's just generally love means romantic love. Right? That is initiated by a rush of hormone in your system. Okay? Essentially, I would say your intelligence got hijacked by your hormones. That's fair. So till yesterday, that's wan little girl who in the neighborhood, suddenly she got a few bumps on her body.


Yeah. Suddenly it became a whole cosmos. Yeah. You can't take your eyes off her. Oh yeah. And don't think of all that. Now I'm just telling You. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I keep my hands like this. So I'm saying just the hormonal rush in you suddenly makes you see everything completely differently. A little while later. If, you look back, it may look stupid. Alright? But at that moment anyway, we are talking about love, not about hormones or sexuality, but that instigate that fire set.


If. you look at it by nature. What is nature's intent? Why is it getting you so excited about the neighborhood girl? Because it wants you to reproduce. If it doesn't fire something like this, there'll be no next generation of people. Ah. So nature needs it. Yes. It's the instinct of the species that it wants to survive. Okay? We may play all kinds of games with it, but essentially it wants you to reproduce. Leave that aside. We've kept that as AdChoices. Now, okay, we want to reproduce or not, is AdChoices okay? But nature is pushing you in that direction. Leaving that aside. Now. Love means you long for somebody.


What is the longing you want to become one? Say right now. You breathing? I'm checking on you. You breathing? Yep. Yes. Yeah. Don't just say this to me. Are you really breathing? You notice it? Yes. Now this is small plant, but let's say that's a little bigger thing. What? The tree is excelling. You are inhaling what? You exhale. The tree is inhaling. Am I correct? Yeah. Is it a fact or fiction? It's shotgun in each other. Yeah, it's good. It's fact or Fiction. Correct. Fact, fact. So you and the tree, for example, it's like one half of your lungs is hanging out there.


You're not really separate from microorganism to a plant to a tree to animal. This is one big phenomenon. It's only in your mind intellectually you are separating these things. Why? We already went through this. You want your mind to be sharp. Sharp instrument is good for cutting. Hmm. I'll give you a knife. You can dissect whatever you want, but you want to stitch your clothes. If. you stitch your clothes with a knife. What'll happen? That is how the moderns fashion has arrived. Yeah. Everybody's got toned pants. It will ruin it. No, it's a new, Oh, now it would look good. Now it would look.


It would look If. you stitch your, yeah. Nowadays it would really look pretty fire, I guess, right? Not that it'll look good. It's torn. It's torn. If. you try to stitch with a knife, it'll go into ribbons. All right. Okay. So right now it's the same thing. Your mind is a sharp instrument. It is good for dissection. It is not good for unifying everything. Unifying does not mean you and me have to sit together and put the universe together. It is enemy. One large phenomenon. It is you who is separating it. If. you stop separating it. It'll be one. When you say love, it's a strong emotion to make those two pieces of creation, which have become separate to make them one.


We are trying hard. Good. And so being separate, it's a good emotion, at least is bringing you close to one person. Otherwise you are a island by yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You're an island boy after that. Yeah. You're, oh yeah, yeah. You wanna find someone else. Right? So it feels like that makes sense. Essentially, this life is happening is a large phenomenon. We don't get it. But actually as a life, we are just a popup on this planet. Oh yeah. All the countless number of people who walk this planet before you and me. Where are they? They're all topsoil. This will also become topsoil. You just have to wait for some time.


Yeah. So now it is all one life in your mind. You separate it. Then in your emotions, you try to stitch it, which is a struggle. Ah. Generally, for most people, moments of great joy and fulfillment will happen in love rest of the time. It's only anxiety and pain most of the time. Yeah. But for those few moments, they're willing to go through all the pain because those few moments are so precious. But I'm saying, why are they so few moments? Hmm. This love is about, for a moment, you felt like you're one all right.


Either physically, mentally, emotionally, sometimes even energetically. You felt like you are one. I'm saying you're, anyway, one If, you remove the barriers of your mind. You're, anyway, one, you can sit here dripping ecstasy, not love. Okay. You'll seek love because you think love will bring blissfulness and ecstasy. That's the truth. Yeah. You think it's gonna bring something different? Yes. But I can teach you a simple way. You can sit here with ash closed or with ash open and be totally bliss out. People ask me, s guru, of all these things that you're doing, what is your greatest achievement? I said, tears.


So what? Tears, why today? Millions of people across the world, if they close their eyes in the morning to do a simple practice, tears of ecstasy every day. Drips. Wow. Wherever I go, whichever part of the world I go. Not a day passes for me without me seeing tears of love and ecstasy. Wow. Really? This Is the greatest bo you can have in this world where everybody's trying to pull and push each other every day. You are meeting people who are in tears of love and ecstasy. Wow. So this is just this for all human experiences, whatever it is. Pleasant, unpleasant, love, hate, anger, agitation, tranquility, beauty, everything.


Agony, ecstasy, everything comes from within you, isn't it? Yes. Now the question is, do you want an external stimulus or can you consciously do it yourself? Hmm. What do you drive? I drive a cyber truck. You are on the cyber. I know. I just got it. It's a long story. It's interesting. Somebody, Somebody brought it to gifted to me. I said, no, look like cardboard to me. And overall I belong to a generation where we have admired, enjoyed, and cotton infused with internal combustion engines.


Yeah. You love 'em. Wow. He beats with it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. When you get some of those old engines, I really, really dig them. But one thing I like about it is I don't have to stop to get gas. So that's one thing I do like about it. But go on, carry on. So this whole process of blissfulness is the goal. See, people may call it whatever here. They will call it Lao relationship. This one drink drug. Everything is towards the highest level of pleasantness that a man can experience, isn't it? Or no, nothing. Here you become hopeless. You say, I'm going to heaven. What is your idea of heaven?


The most pleasant place? Yes or no? Yes. If right from your childhood you've been told heaven is the pleasant, beautiful place on the, in the universe. So you want to go there, suppose right from your childhood. I told you, God lives in heaven. But it's a horrendous place. You want to go there? Not as much. No. I'll pray from here only. Yeah. I don't wanna go there. I'll send an email. Yes. So essentially your search for pleasantness is fundamental. So all these addictions of alcohol, drugs, everything, is that finding a quick fix, that longing to have a most pleasant experience of life?


You are looking for a quick fix. The question is, it's not a moral issue, it's just that it makes you less, when I say it makes you less, you know, I've been invited to all these in India, they keep inviting me to this. They have conferences called Under 25. Okay. Under 25 years of age, they have their own conferences. And I'm always invited. I'm under 25 Years old. They think I am. So I go there and in Bangalore city where 40,000 people Wow. Are in an open ground. It's not legal there, but the place is strong smell of Maria.


Oh Yeah. No, it's not legal. Yeah. Everything. Everybody's smoking guru. Oh, you have so much influence in the government. Why can't you make Maria legal? I said, why? Just Maria will make cocaine, legal, meth, legal, fentanyl, legal. Tell me what else you gimme a list. I'll make everything legal. Why you want to make it legal? Because you want to smoke up and go to the university. They're all students. Oh yeah. You gotta get high and go to university. That's what, in India, the term is smoke up. Smoke up Smoke means tobacco. Yeah.


Smoke up means that. Yeah. So you want to get high. So first of all, when you smoke, what happens? You get kind of disconnected. Alright? Right. Now what happens essentially is your faculties come down. So you want to go through a surgery. Let's say you have a brain surgery and the neurosurgeon comes smoked up. Yeah. You want the surgery? Not, not Now. Not with that guy. Yeah, Not with that guy. Right. I'll let the nurse do it. Yes. Because you understand clearly when you do this, your faculties come down.


Even your cognition comes down. Whether you see it or not, faculties come down for sure. So putting your faculties down, you are calling it high. I said at least first, when you smoke up, you say, I'm down. Don't say I'm high. Yeah. Because your ability to do things, ability to perceive everything is gone down. Yeah. The way to be high. He's, if I can see things that you can't see, if I can hear things that you cannot hear. If I can experience things that you cannot experience, this is high, isn't it? Yeah. You lower tone down the life and you say, you are high. Don't do this. At least you say I'm low. Will make it legal. Yeah.


At least for them. We're working from an honest place. Yeah. Yeah. Man, people get pretty high. It's outlawed in India. Huh? It's illegal. See, India is a place where it's available almost everywhere. But nobody cared to smoke. Yeah. Because everybody in America is smoking. They all started smoking now. Ah, I see. Otherwise, If, you go into the valleys just about anywhere. If. you just do like this in the plants. The resin will be on your hands. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The places where we track the Mariana grows like seven feet tall. Wow. We are walking through that taller than us. Oh. I'd have my mouth open when I went through. I would love that.


One of the problems we see are seeing a lot here in, in USA, is pornography, young people getting addicted to pornography. Is that something that's happening in India? Do you, do you guys see that there? Or is it not something Not that big? I see it, but I hear, I hear it's rampant and it's causing many, many issues and problems. Yeah. 'cause it hijacks a lot of, like your masculinity, you know, it hijacks a lot of your energy. It feels like It's not about hijacking energy. Fundamentally. See, women have been fighting for their liberties or women's liberation as such. This is the end of women's liberation.


If pornography becomes the normal viewing thing for everybody, a woman isn't just an object. All right? There is no more, A woman is not worth connecting to being one with knowing to, you know, making an attempt to know her. All this is not needed. She's just a doing thing. Yeah. So if we value women, this should be brought down. But now it's spread. Like anything somebody was telling me, 70% of the content on the internet is pornography. Yeah. I don't know if that number is correct, but that's what they're saying. Yeah. It's just unfortunate. Is it a, the responsibility of a government to prevent that?


Or is it the responsibility of humans to not want to view it? Does that make sense? See, most humans are not it beings. So society, government plays a role in who they are. If there are no loss, a whole lot of people will kill themselves driving crazy, for example. Or taking all kinds of drugs already. Oh yeah. I think in 2023 there have been over a hundred thousand overdose deaths. I believe in United States itself. Yeah. So human beings are not at in that state where you can just leave everything to them.


Some things need to be regulated. Some regulation should be there. But it's not for me to say that because it's so pervasive. I only hope people get tired and disgusted with those things. Hopefully. Yeah. But when 12, 13-year-old children look at it, they are completely taken by these things. It rules their mind. Yeah, I know. you know, thousands of people are in touch with me on a daily basis. I have met people, many of them crying and you know, asking for help. That they started watching pornography when they were 11, 12.


Yeah. They can't even look at mo their mother simply as their mother without Shame or, yes. Discomfort. Discomfort. Because they only see the body parts of her. Yeah. So I'm saying If, you want to reduce a woman to body parts and you are born out of her. All right? You don't fall out of a sky, you're born out of a woman. When you degrade her, you degrade all life, human life. So there are many implications to that. Which unfortunately today, it's commerce. They don't care what is the impact as long as they're making money. Yeah. Is it the same in India as it is in other countries?


Is that popular? Is it, I hear in rural India it's, it's just taken the youth. Oh, totally. That's unfortunate. Sru. A couple of other things that I wanted to get to. What about If? you had to suggest to someone to read a certain text every day, right? Or if people only had the ability to read one text, what is a text that you commend that you would recommend for people? Only one text means just how many lines. Just as many lines. But it's only one book. Only one book. Yeah. Do you have one that you, you think would be most helpful to people? That may be a lame question. It's, no, it's not a good, it's a good question.


Say this is once again thinking that I Information is a solution for everything. Mm. No. With more and more information, tell me people have become better or worse. I think people have become worse. Situations have become better, but people have become worse, isn't It? Right. People have become less of themselves. That's when I say worse. I'm not saying anything else. I'm saying they're more distressed. I'll agree with that. But situations never before in the history of humanity situations.


Were this good for us, isn't it? Oh yeah. We are controlling the climate. If. you open the tap, water comes If, you do this, the shit will get flushed. Yes. These are simple things you've taken for granted. If these things are not there, just see how your life will be. Oh, I would hate it. You want a bucket of water. You had to walk a mile and bring a bucket of water. How many young men are today fit enough to carry a bucket of water for a mile? Not many. They cannot. 40% maybe. So I'm, I'm saying life in terms of situations is better than ever before. But human beings are becoming more distressed simply because too much information.


With information, we create conveniences, comforts, but no profound experience of life. So this is not in a good place. Yeah. If this is not in a good place, let's say we take you to heaven. I can arrange it for you. Yeah. Yeah. But if you're miserable here, there also, you will go and multiply your misery, isn't it? Oh yeah. And anyway, I am asking you one question. You must answer this question honestly. Okay. How do you know that you're not already in heaven and making a mess out it?


Do you have any proof? No. So you are already in heaven and making a mess out of it. Mm. If. you don't make a mess. What we thought with what are you making a mess with your mind? If. you don't make a mess out of your mind. You are in heaven. Anyway, I love that. Dang, that's some real wizardry right there. That's some real ninja thinking, Ninjas killer. Yeah, that's true. That's some very kind ninja thinking. Tell me a a little about, about like how can people get involved with you guys as institutes?


'cause you have them around the world, right? Yes. Yeah. More than, I think the first simple way to start is there are free offerings. People can start doing the simple meditations. It'll work wonderfully. Well, of course there is material. And you know, our 2023 video viewership has been 5 billion plus. Wow. Apart from Wow. The superstar musicians, nobody has those kind of numbers. They have bigger numbers. But in terms of talks, reaching people over 5 billion, this is our platforms. Over thousand other platforms are there, which are propagating our material.


We don't know their numbers. Yeah. So that much involvement is there. Some people only listen. So listening to something could change a little bit of your opinions, ideas and give you some relief. The important thing is you do a simple practice, which changes your chemistry. If. you are serious about it. There is a 28 hour program, or let's say seven day program. It is divided into seven days, seven steps program called inner engineering. It comes with a final day of teaching. A very powerful process that's called difficult for you to pronounce. Samba, Maha mudra, Samba, ham mudra.


Yep. You got it. So the samba ham mudra is a powerful process. And it's only 21 minutes. There is enough study about this. We have a center in Beth Israel Hospital in, in the Howard Medical School, where a lot of research has been done. One thing that they found, there are many aspects you can, I can ask them to send you the research findings. It's incredible. One important thing that will interest you and people in Tennessee and California is the endocannabinoid level in the body goes up by 70%, which is higher by 23% higher than what happens in sexual orgasm.


Oh My God. And where are y'all getting this from? Huh? Well, how do you get, It's all within the body. Oh yeah, God. Yeah. Yeah. I'll do some of it. What do we do? Seven steps. Okay. We'll send a complimentary thing to you. You do it. Yeah. Yes. I would love to. I would love to have that experience. If you. I'm gonna cancel my Page. What, how many people are listening to your podcast? I don't know. I think probably a, maybe a million and a half people will listen to this. Okay. If 10% of your people who are subscribed to you are willing to take this step, because this is therefore their wellbeing. I'll tell you my journey, where it is, and if 10% are willing to take it, whatever will, what?


50% discount. I'll give you for all those people. Okay. That's awesome. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. 'cause I think a lot of people are seeking some, or just people want to figure out a more, a way to be More at peace. So they, they need to understand this. This is not a religion. This is not a philosophy. This is not an ideology. This is a method. It's a technology. Okay. What happened was, it's now 1982 means what? 42 years ago. One afternoon, I'm just sitting on a small hill in my soul. Suddenly I burst into an ecstatic state where every cell in my body is dripping ecstasy. I think it lasts just for five, 10 minutes.


Then when I come back to my normal thing, about four and a half hours have passed for the first time in my life. Tears of ecstasy flowing. Then I, at that time, I'm a super skeptic superman. Super, super skeptic. I'm, yeah, I don't believe anything other than what I can see. That kind of mindset. So I shake my head and think, what's happening to me? Maybe I'm going off my rocker. Then I talk to my closest friend. Something is happening to me. If I close my eyes, I'm just blown away. Like, come on now. What Did? you pop Did, you find the mushrooms in the hill. Yeah. What happened to you? All this then there was nobody to relate with.


In about six weeks, this became my normal experience that if I sit in one place, if I close my eyes and I think it's two minutes, seven, eight hours or poof, gone. Wow. Like that. Because when you are ecstatic, a year will feel like one moment it just poof, goes away like that. Then I realized, what is this? I started, you know, looking at this, what is it that's happening to me? Then I realized, if I can keep my hands off my psychological activity and simplicity here, because you're going into this posture all the time. That's what it means. You're trying to keep yourself off your psychological activity.


If. you take my hand off that. Suddenly an ecstatic wave happens in my system. Then I thought, this is it. I've discovered this. And then I thought, who wouldn't want this? I couldn't think of one guy who doesn't want this. Yeah. Who wouldn't want to be bliss out. Yeah. I'm ready. Yeah. I'm ready. It. Then I sat down and made a plan. I was 25 years of age. I made a plan that in the next two and a half years, I will make the whole world bliss out. Yeah. And that day, the population was somewhere around five plus billion. And I, I made a plan how to hit the geography of the world.


And in two and a half years, I can do it. 42 years. Look at me. It's taken a while. Huh? So today they're saying we are touching two, 3 billion people, whatever. But that's not my idea of humanity. Humanity is now 8.4 billion people. So I'm only trying to, I know that I will die as a blissful failure. Yeah. Okay. I'm I'll die blissfully, but I'm a failure because I thought I'll do this to the whole humanity. I'm only getting a little bit of percentage. So I'm still trying to improve my percentage. So for all the people who subscribe to you will give them 50% off.


Oh, that's very sweet of you. Thank you. I'm gonna, I, I'll make sure to subscribe too, man. I wanna have the experience. So, and it's instructional. It comes to, For you free. Well, it's sweet of you. It takes you through the experience. Yes. Step by step. You take this properly because this, the reason why these things have not happened to people is not because it's difficult. They don't have focus towards that. Their focus is somewhere else. Yeah. They think if I get this, my life will be better. If I get that, my life will be better. No, If, you are better. Whether you get something or not, you're still better. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. I love the fact that If, you are taking care of you the best you can.


Then no matter, And don't say taking care. Okay. If you're not messing, everything is taken care. Right. Tell me, what's the problem with your intelligence? It's the most fantastic thing on this planet, isn't it? Yeah. We don't know. We are always thinking somebody else from some other planet. The aliens are more intelligent. Maybe they are. We don't know. We don't know for sure. A lot of people see them in their dreams and Yeah. The perverts too though. And yeah, it look, you never see, but The most fantastic thing that you have seen is human intelligence. Yeah. But that intelligence is cutting you into pieces. You can call the stress, anxiety, madness, whatever you want.


Essentially, human intelligence is cutting you up into pieces. It's happening these days for sure. Why is it One thing, as I said, it's a sharp instrument and you don't know how to deal with it. Right. There are many ways to look at it. See, one thing that's happened is what we call a science today, unfortunately, has become purely utilitarian, not subjective, being the name of objectivity in reaction to the religious dogmatism. Science has taken a, a very dry route where they won't find any life. It's a very, very dry route.


Everything is objective. But your subjective, isn't it? Your, your experience of life is very subjective. Yeah, for Sure. There's no value for that. So we will, with objectivity, essentially it means we use our intelligence to dissect. Now, Theo, I really want to know you. I arrange a dissection for you so that I can explore you and really know you who you are. That's not the same though. No, I I just have bits and pieces. Yeah. You don't have the whole truth. Yes. If. you embrace something, you may know something by dissection. You'll have information without knowing anything.


This is what we are doing to the world. We are using the human intelligence purely as a logical skull to cut everything into pieces. That's why nothing is of value. Nothing is of profound experience. People can't do anything with deep sense of involvement because they are well informed. That's what they think. They're not well informed. They're just having bits and pieces of memory. You wipe out their memory. They don't know anything. All right. Yeah. There's not a lot of concepts. It's more just random facts. No, they may even have concepts, but there's no experience. Right. There's no, yeah.


We're not, we're learn. We're we're hearing things and reciting them, but we're not understanding them. So There is a difference between, you read in the school textbook, the planet is round. Yeah. But you took a voyage and went around the planet and came, or you went to the moon and looked down. That planet is round very different, isn't it? Profound Experiences and information are two different things. Information is useful to fix the outside situation, but the inner situation is never fixed with information. It needs a profound experience. It needs access. That access is missing because information is always coming from outside.


Right now, people have seen the whole cosmos through their phone screen. It make, gives them a false sense that they know whole cosmos. Mm. But all they have seen is the phone screen. Yeah. So because of this, the basic mental structure, how it works, what happens. See for example, how our, how our mental structure is formed. Everything that's there in your mind today. Whatever content you have in your mind today is something that you imbibed from outside. Yes. How Did you iab? By seeing, by hearing, by smelling, by touching.


That's how you imbibed. Yeah. You took It in. That's how you imb through five. Five sentences, sentence. Yeah. But today, most of it you are imbibing only as information, not even as impression. Right. At least the impressions together would become an experience. But today it's purely information. Just the frosting. No cake. Does that make sense or no? No. Oh, okay. Like that. I thought just cake. No go, no icing. Oh, I see what you're saying. What Or the other? The without icing cake is actually a good thing. It's Bread. But this, we're just getting the icing. Yes. We're not getting any of the substance. Yes.


No substance. Okay. No nourishment. Good. Just surface. Which looks good. Yeah. And when you stand on it, it cracks. Yeah. So all this is metaphorical, but let's come down to the simple fact. The simple fact is this, as we went through this monkey experiment, If, you say, I don't want something only that happens to this mind. Somebody tells you what is good, what is bad. Don't think about bad things. Well that's a full-time job right now. Yeah. So, so without understanding the mechanics of how human system functions, how human intelligence is formed, these things are happening in the yogic system.


We see the human mind as 16 parts. The 16 parts can be seen as four segments. These four segments are, one is called buddhi, which literally means intellect. Another is called ankara, which means identity, Ankara. The third is called manas, which means memory. The fourth is called chita. Welcome to that. Buddhi means intellect. It's the front end of your intelligence. Buddhi. Buddhi, Like Buddhism almost. It actually comes from that. Yeah. See, If, you are about, Buddhi means intellect. Hmm.


DHA means one. Who is about one. Who is about, his intellect is a Buddha. Ah, Buddha. Yes. That's not his name. Yeah. His name is Ga. Oh gosh. He became a Buddha. That means he went about his intellect. Ah. That is your intellect is normally cutting the world into pieces. Whatever you look at, it wants to dissect. So he went about that and looked at the world the way it is. So he's a Buddha. So he's a Buddha. So he is not the only Buddha. Right. There have been thousands of Buddhas and still are. But The fact is that you go above your intellect.


Yes. So buddhi is the front end of your intelligence or your mind. It is a cutting edge. It is very, very needed to be in function for you to be surviving in this world. Right? 'cause you have to understand and process and make choices. You Have to make, when you came here, you have to discriminate and decide whether to sit in that chair or this chair. Otherwise you'll go and sit on this. Yes. So intellect is very vital for your survival. When you're in the survival mode, it is most important. But a cutting instrument doesn't give you a full picture of anything. For example, all the information that intellect has, the data it's collected is from the five sensors.


Essentially what you see here, smell, taste, and touch. Right Now, can you see my hand? Yes. You see this spot, but you don't see this spot If, you this see this spot? You can't see this spot. It's not just the hand. Even If. you take a grain of sand If, you see one side, you can't see the other side. This is the nature of our senses. They give all half information. Mm. All the information that you're gathering today in the form of information is all half. Because human senses perceive like this. Mm. Now with all these half pieces, you make a picture and you think that is it. So what What happens with intellect is, suppose I give you a million piece jigsaw.


You got five pieces together and you said, wow, it's a bear. But there are a million pieces. You got only five. So all the information that you have, all the libraries on the planet, if we grind it and put it in your head, still what you know is a minuscule Ah In this universe. Yes or no? Yeah. It's just a minuscule with this minuscule. You always making conclusions. Yeah. So the important thing to understand is intellect is a front end defender. It's a knife, a sword in your hand. You need to use it discreetly in such a way that you don't go on slaughtering people.


You can kill people with your intellect. you know, human intelligence is killing people, isn't it? Yeah. All the time. Always has. Yes. So this is a front end, but now the knife by itself is not dangerous or useful or anything. It depends the hand which holds it, which makes it what it is. So the next one is called a ra. The word ra literally means identity. Ra the sense of identity. Yeah. So right now, If, you think I'm this whatever is your identity. Let's say you think I'm American. Now you are willing to live for America, die for America, fight for America, do whatever for America.


Or your identity is something else. It's racial or it's religious, or it is something else. Gender, whatever. What your identified with your intellect will do everything possible to protect that identity. Ah. This is the only way the mind works. See, right now your brain cells, my brain cells may not be very different, but you think I'm American. So your intelligence will do everything for America. Suppose I think I'm something else. My intelligence or my intellect will work only for that because it functions from the data that you have gathered. The data is in memory.


So the third dimension of the mind is called Manus, which is a silo of memory. Here, there are eight types of memory. There is elemental memory, there is evolutionary memory. There is genetic memory, conscious and unconscious levels of memory, articulate and inarticulate levels of memory. Wow. There are eight different types of memories. So you are, this memory is what is firing your intellect. Okay? Many times you may see or understand things that you have never been exposed to because in your evolutionary memory and in your genetic memory, there are so many things, right? There are ways to consciously activate them, but at least even unconsciously, they're finding expression in so many ways.


So many human beings act as if they know something in a given moment, though they've never been exposed to that, because there are other forms of memory within us. Whatever has happened to the human species in some way, it is within us. Yeah. Whatever has happened to our father forefathers, it's some way is within us. Whether you find excess or not is a different matter. So the silo of memory, let's analogy, we'll keep the knife analogy. Okay. Front is budi, which is a sharp knife. The sharper it is, the better it is. Okay? That's your Intellect on the hand that holds it, which is a ra or the identity. Now, this is one thing we have neglected hugely in this world. In India, there, there is a tradition.


Unfortunately, these things have been given up in the name of being modern, all right? Because our education is as western as it is here. There also today, otherwise, before starting education for a child as a rule, there was no education till a child becomes 12 years of age. Because we always saw one's body and brain needs to mature to a certain point before you burden it. With education. Today, we want to start at three, three years of age. Oh yeah. S kids hand Spanish or whatever. When they're seven months, it's just ridiculous. It's like, what are we doing?


So 12 years, we start education before we start the education. Because education is seen as an empowerment for a human being. Before you empower a human being, first thing is he has to identify himself with a cosmic identity. First thing is you, I, you change your identity from being a son of your parents or daughter of your parents from being belonging to a caste or a creed or a religion. You say, my identity is with the cosmos. I'm a product of this cosmos. It's called a br ma me. That means I am that, which is the ultimate, right? So first this identity, then education, because education is empowerment.


If limited identity is empowered, it'll do terrible things. See, you can, you know, we have a program in India, and also we did some in Pennsylvania and Kentucky. This is called as inner freedom for the impression. Our programs are mandatory in southern India. It's done wonders for this unfortunate, you know, convicts who are locked up for very, very long period. Some of them on the death row for 15, 20 years in India, they don't get hanged, but they're on the death row. Going for one more appeal. One more appeal. Those kind of people. Yeah. So thousands of people, they have transformed their lives with these programs within the prisons. We conduct these things. So anyway, so when we are doing this, what I realize he's the only problem with him is limited identity.


He is intelligent. Actually, he's far more resourceful than the people fools who are outside on the street. I find them very vibrant, high energy individuals. Yeah. Only problem is their identity is so small. My wellbeing is everything I want this to be. Well, that's, I don't care what happens to that, right? But suppose somebody says, oh, this is my family. What did they do? They included that also into their identity, and suddenly the question of doing any harm to them doesn't arise because this is yours. I see what you're saying. They look at it more of a worldly, they have more of a worldly understanding that they're part of something bigger than just them.


No, no. I'm saying let's go one step at a time. You're an individual. Okay? Then you raise a family. Suddenly your wife and your children, or your husband and your children are whatever. Suddenly they become a part of your life. You are even willing to die for them. Okay? Now you say, I belong to this community. Now you are willing to live and die for that community. Now you say, I'm this nation. You're willing to live and die for that nation. So what is this? You're enlarging your identity. I see. So all crime on this planet, all evil on this planet, all genocides on this planet, all the most horrendous things that human beings have done is a product of limited identity.


Ah, that makes perfect sense. I, I'll take the worst example. I'm always known to take the worst examples. Okay? The worst example you can take is Adolf Hitler. What is wrong with this man? He's super competent. There are many people, thousands and thousands of people with the same mindset. But fortunately, they're incompetent. Right? The guy is too be too good an organizer and competent. So suddenly evil multiplies. All right? See, human beings cause pain to each other in so many different ways.


But this is an industrial level of suffering. Yeah, he creates, what is that? That is not because he has a different intent. There are so many people with the same intent, but it's a different level of competence. So when this happens, what do you think? Human competence becomes a curse. Ah, understood. That should never be so human intelligence and competence should never be a curse. It's the greatest boon that we have. More intelligent and more competent people we create, the better the world should be. But it's not. So the more intelligent and more competent people come, our bombs become bigger, our weapons become more deadly, and our things Why limited identity?


Hmm. So the all the horrible things that you see people do to each other ease a consequence and a product of limited identity. So first thing is to enhance the identity. Because how sharp this knife is, the sharper it becomes more important. The hand is static, isn't it? Yeah. If this is a wonky hand, sharp knife is a dangerous damn thing. Yeah. That's all that's happening. And the memory is a silo of memory. There is plenty there. Plenty means the whole evolutionary process of who we are is captured there. Genetic memory, evolutionary memory, elemental memory is all there within this.


So we can get back to a good level quickly. Oh, yes. If only If, you remove the impediments that you have created, essentially, which is limited identity, that you think I'm this, this is mine. That is not mine. This is me. That is not me. This whole thing. If, you take away this limited identity. You right now, we are speaking only intellectually, but this can be done experientially. Say right now, I spoke about the shaba ra If. you sit here, your body's here, your mind is here, your little away. When we sit here, that's your body. This is my boarding till we are buried in the same symmetry.


We remain separate. Okay? Someday you'll live 50 years more than me. All right? Someday We'll be connected again. If we buried in the same soil, we will be connected. Yeah. Even now we are connected. We are not seeing it. That's all. Connection does not mean emotions. Connections does not mean imagination. As life, we are connected. All right? So, because what you think is me as a physical self And, what I think as me as a physical self is from the same soil, isn't it? That's A good point. Yeah. This happened. This happened in 2060, you know, 2060. 2060. Yeah. We're not there yet.


You are not there. Oh yeah. This happened in 2060. A few scientists wanted an appointment with God. They got it. They went there and then they said, Hey, old man, you've done pretty well with creation, but everything that you can do, we can also do. Time you retire. God said, oh, is that so? What is it that you can do? He said, look at this. They picked up some soil. They did it made a, a wig form like a human baby, and they did all kinds of things. In 10 minutes, it came alive and started crying.


The baby, God said, that's very impressive. But first, get your own soil. Yeah. It's, yeah. It's fundamentally, it's the same material, Right? Alright. But this psychological thing of you is you, me is me. All right. For physical function, this is important. That is you. This is me. That is your body. This is my body. We respect this boundaries. That's your mind. This is my mind here and there. We may overlap, but still, that's your mind. This is my mind. But there is no such thing as that is your life, and this is my life.


Ah. Life is one big phenomenon. You captured some. I captured some. Now we have a way how you can capture more life. If you. If I capture more life than you, suddenly my life is enhanced. Not only in my experience, in everybody's experience, other people also will feel, wow, what a life is more enhanced. Not because of what you do. Simply your more enhanced right. Now you can enhance your body by building muscle. When people say, wow, what muscles? You can enhance your intellect by studying and doing certain things, people will say, oh, he's so smart.


But you can enhance the life within you. Once you enhance the life within you, you presence is significant, both for yourself and for others. So the fourth part of the mind is called chita. Chita means that level of intelligence within you. What do you have for breakfast? Eggs or vos? Eggs. Human, Not a. Yeah. Animal. Eggs. Animals. Yeah. Birds. Yeah. Birds. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you eat a chicken egg, and over this three, four hours, this chicken egg become becoming a human being, isn't it?


The body that you carry is all what you have eaten. So a bird egg. If a chicken, according to Charles Durwin has to become a human being, he will say it'll take so many million, million years. All right? But you are such a miraculous guy. Theo one, such a miraculous guy. Over the morning, over four or five hours time, he will transform a chicken egg into a human being. Wow. Are you doing it or no? Yeah, technically. Yeah. But missing the whole process. Missing the profoundness of that experience, isn't it? Yes.


Because unconscious, whatever you are unconscious of doesn't exist for you Right now. There's a huge ter standing behind. You don't look back. But If, you are not conscious of it. It doesn't exist. Isn't it true? So I'm saying the greatest force in the universe, which is consciousness, most human beings are not aware of it. So it doesn't exist for them. They struggle with that little bodies and little minds. Endlessly If. you become conscious of an intelligence which is devoid of memory. This is important. Please understand this properly. Okay? Your intelligence, presently, what you're using is mainly memory based, right?


If I wipe out your memory, your intellect is useless. It's like you have a computer. If I wipe out all the memory from it, what does your computer do? You can jam your keyboard. Nothing happens. Yeah. Only with memory. It functions. So your present intellect, or what you're using right now is only data based If. You remove the data, it's gone. But there is an intelligence within you which makes a chicken egg into a human being. That's not data driven. It's pure intelligence. You want to call it God. You can call it, you want to call it consciousness. You can call it, you want to call it myself.


You can say myself, call it what you want. But one thing is clear. See, people are always spreading these things. God is loud. God is compassion. God is whatever, If, you don't listen to anybody If. you paid attention to life. All you can see is whatever created, this is super brilliant. Yes. From filth, a flower comes from stink. Fragrance comes. Is this not just brilliance? It's pretty fascinating, If. you just do not take any input from anybody. Just pay attention to life around you.


You will see, you should have said, God is brilliant instead of sad. Because people who are desperate, you know, desperate for love, because nobody around them loves them. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Or they can't love anybody because of that. This says, God is love. God loves me. No, no. Whatever you are referring to as God is come. Because mainly you have no explanation for the creation. You don't know how all this happened. So somebody sitting up there and doing it, being human being, we are thinking it's in human form. But essentially you are talking about the source of creation. Source of creation. The only way you can define it, If, you pay attention to it.


Is, is incredible intelligence, isn't it? Yeah. That is the only qualifying value that is there. Rest is all made up according to your needs. If you've fallen down, you think God should be compassion. If, you may nobody responding to you. You think God should be love. So many things. But If, you don't do any of those things. Simply pay attention to creation. You will see the source of creation is absolute brilliance. Yeah, I would agree with that. Brilliance, but not data driven. Mm. You must understand evolution is that, that it's not data driven.


It's being driven by intelligence. A ag becomes a human being, not data driven. So there's an intelligence within you, which is unha by memory. This, we call it chitta. There is a, there's a mischievous way in the yogi culture, there's a mischievous way of saying this. They say, If, you touch your chitta. If, you find access to your chitta. God will become your slave. Oh Yeah. That means he will do what you want. You don't even have to ask. Interesting. Wow. Yeah. It's a lot of con. It's a lot of it's, it's a lot of conceptualizing.


you know? It's pretty fascinating. No, no, No. Concept means you made it up. Oh, it does. The con, the word concept means you made it. Ah, This, I'm not making it. I'm asking you. That's why. Is it fact or fiction what I'm saying? Yeah. So chitta is we can evolve our chitta or no, We can access. We can access. We don't have to evolve it. It is the thing. Okay. That's fascinating, man. If, you find access, suddenly your life is magical. If, you don't find access. It's hard labor.


So there's a little bit of homework there. Yeah. Before you go Igu, I wa wanted to ask you a little bit more about what are the, what is the plans, or what are the plans for safe soil? What are the, like, what does that look like for you guys as group moving forward? See, one thing is as a con, as a demonstrating project, we have what is called a cavity calling. What C? What is it called? Cavity calling Cavity. Cavity calling. Yeah. Cavity is the name of a river. Okay. In southern India. It's the lifeline for three states. Okay. It runs through this, through three states.


As a young person, I grew up around Kaveri River. Okay. What it used to be then, that is 50 plus years ago, what it is. Today, only 40% is left. Wow. So why is this, because we must understand this, how reverse are made here. The big reverse, like let's say Mississippi. Mississippi has been fascination for me because we read a lot of Mark Twain. Mark Twain. Oh yeah. I went to his place, Hannibal. Oh, you did? Missouri. To see his house museum. That's cool, man. Yeah. I've been to the top of the Mississippi where you can walk right over it at the very beginning.


Pretty Cool. So I just, just two days ago, I got this book I had missed called Roughing It. Have you seen that book? One of his book called Roughing It. So I just got that. I'm here to open it. Oh, nice. Congratulations. So, so Mississippi If, you look at it, nearly 90% of its water comes from the Great Lakes, which is actually ice melting. So in temperate climates, most of the rivers largely are melting ice. So that's a different phenomenon altogether. But in tropical climates, for example, in India, there's only one source of water, which is the monsoon rains.


Monsoon rains have not changed in the last a hundred years. Actually. Now it is increasing. Okay. Last year we got 107% monsoon. This year, 20, 24, I think it's about 115 or 117%. Oh wow. Monsoon. It's increasing like that. But what is happening is you either have a flood or a drought. Flood and drought, flood and drought. Why this is happening is when the rains come on, that torrential rain, when it comes monsoons means, you know, four days, five days nonstop. It'll be pouring in the southern India. Yeah. Just, just rain. Just rain. It's fantastic time.


All this, if there was enough vegetation, the water would percolate like this because all the root system and the organic content that is there in the soil would make the soil water go down like this. Okay. When there's no vegetation, it runs on the surface like this. So when the rain comes, all the rivers flood, and in three months it'll be in drought now. Wow. Because there's not enough vegetation. Agriculture, we've just shared it bald. So in the Cary Basin, which accounts for 83,000 square kilometers of land, where we are working now, nearly 83 to 84% of the tree cover has been removed in the last 70 years.


Wow. We are trying to put this back. Putting it back means there is no space, or there is no land for recreating forests because farmers are farming. So we brought in what is called a tree based agriculture, with which you can increase the yield of the crops that you're doing. Tree based agriculture. Yeah, tree. Tree based agriculture. Okay. It used to be called agroforestry. Okay. But because though you use the forestry word, it goes under the forestry ministry. And the forestry ministry has only restrictions. No facilitation. So we called it tree based agriculture, and we are under the agriculture ministry now a lot better.


It's a lot better. So now farmers are growing trees, which as crops not fully in between, other crops are still there. Okay. Those crops grow much better because the green litter from the tree, that's the only way organic content comes. Got it. And animals together, the land is richer, better. Over a hundred thousand, 150,000 farmers have significantly changed their economics. Some of them have improved their income anywhere between 300 to 800%. Wow. In a matter of seven to eight years time. Good For them. So Right now we are working in these 83,000 square kilometers. As I said earlier, 114 million trees we planted.


Wow. We are only asking for 60 cents for a tree. Oh, that's great. All your followers ask them to plant at least one tree on their birthday. That's Cool. 1.5 million trees per year can happen. Hey, that's beautiful. Yeah. To think that that's all it needs. Yeah. We forget about that. So each one of these trees are About giving back to the system. Each one of these trees are geocoded. Okay. If any one of them dies immediately, they will be replaced. The Indian Space Research Organization is giving us free service for us to geocode. Wow. And this is all, these are being planted in India. In that basin And in that basin only. Ah. Because the idea is to revive the river to demonstrate that this can be done.


Excellent. So We wanted to plant 2.42 billion trees in eight years. Wow. But we have done 114 million trees. Okay. It's a poor thing, but it's good because it's Still a lot. It's Still a lot. Yeah. So get me to 2.4 billion and in five to six years time, the river will flow much better because the Monson rains that come, the land has to hold it. Oh, it will need it. So this is something that people don't, don't know generally is people think water means a pond, a lake, a river, or something like this. No. The biggest reservoir of water on the planet is soil.


The soil. Soil, Soil and the vegetation that lives on it. But the soil mainly. Hmm. If it's go well, vegetated soil holds the maximum. How much all the fresh water rivers on the planet, five to eight times more water, soil can hold. Hmm. If soil held that water temperatures would go down. Wow. Naturally, people are talking about climate change, global warming. You don't have to do PhD in climate affairs. You just go stand in the hot sun for one hour. Just go under the tree. Climate change will happen.


Yeah. Four to five degrees drop will happen immediately in tropical countries. It'll be bigger. All right. So every extra leaf that you put on green leaf that you put on this planet is one more step towards climate mitigation. Got It. Every extra leaf. I'm not even saying a tree. So all the people, you are an influencer, you must make sure they put more trees, especially If. you put it below 33 degrees, I mean 33 degree latitude. It's most effective because that's where the maximum sun is. Ah. So one way for us to help fight climate change is to have more trees on our land.


More green leaf. Because the photosynthesis as a phenomena, which is the basis of our life, has come down by 80% in the last thousand years. Wow. 80%. Yeah. No, I think this is great information and it's, it's good for me to learn too. And it's just, see, we Are putting solar panels. Well, that's needed for your home, but the best solar panel is a green leaf. Yeah. It captures solar energy and does fantastic things and makes life out of it. Yeah. Well, I just think the fact that it's, it's picturing, it's, it's a, an overall idea of just seeing the world as more than just yourself of seeing No, even if it's just for yourself.


Because it's natural for people to think of their wellbeing. Right. See, everybody's busy talking about carbon, carbon, carbon. I'm not saying it's not important. Carbon particles and carbon dioxide fine. It's fine. Is important thing to manage. But what is most important is right now our oxygen levels in the world is coming down slowly If. you push it up by two to three percentage points, mental health, physical health, plan to growth, everything will boost itself. Life will happen better. Yeah. Right. Now's some 22.6% or something. Overall atmospheric oxygen. If. you push it to 30%, we will live a grand life.


Wow. The only way you can do that is more greenleaf. Yeah. These are the global O2 levels right here. Look at this. This is unbelievable. Is that real? Oh, they got a picture. Okay. Yes, it's real. What is that? That's unbelievable. Where is it? What's the percentage now? 21% something. It is If. you push it by 5% or 6%, boom. Life will happen. So much better. Yeah. Well, I'm looking forward to life happening better. And I appreciate you s guru, just sharing what some of you guys' initiatives are with safe soil and also just helping us have a new idea of ways to experience our experience.


you know, And I'll also give you information about miracle of Mind. Our idea is to make at least 3 billion people close their eyes for 12 to 15 minutes a day with some instruction. If 3 billion people do that, there'll be a significant change in the way the human beings are. Let's make it happen. You got one. Your contribution is 1.5 million. I'm ready. Hey look, I'm definitely gonna start with myself for sure. And, and I'm sure a lot of our listeners will want to get involved. And we'll put the links on that stuff below in the, in the information. And Sgu, thank you so much. Just for your commitment to, I think I wanna say just trying to spread more awareness and peace in the world.


Ecstasy. Not peace. Yeah, bliss. We'll take it to be bliss out. Yeah. To Be blissed out. Oh, thank you so much, brother. Without chemicals. Yeah. We got a chemical factory here. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, brother. Now I'm just on the, and I feel, I'm like, I must be stone. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this. I can bones.