
Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. One thing I've learned is that you buy a house, but you make it a home. And for decades, Angie's helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter. Get all your jobs done well@angie.com.


We've got some spring tour dates that I got warm for you here, right off the griddle. All these tickets you can get through Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. This is still the return of the Rat Tour, and we will be coming to Toledo, Ohio. Pittsburgh, Eugene, Oregon, Kennewick, Washington, Seattle, Victoria, BC in the Canada. Belton, Texas. San Antonio. Ola. Durant. Oklahoma. Amarillo, Texas, Amarillo, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Tallahassee, Florida, and Rosemont Illinois.


You can get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. And happy early holidays to everyone. Remember, don't buy through a secondary website. Go through our website so you're not getting those heightened ticket prices and Thank you so much for your support. and we do have new Merch items backed by Popular Demand, the Hitter Hunting Club collection. We've also got the hitter bait and tackle tees. Those are new baby If. You like to rod and reel them, baby. Get all these and more. Theo Von store.com. The only place to get our Merch, we are coming to you live today from Austin, Texas at Media Pouch where we're taping.


and we are grateful today to get to spend time with this fella. He's performing in New York City this week. You can get those tickets. and he is one half of the Superhero Squad. Matt and Shane's Secret podcast. He just reached five years of marriage and I'm happy to get to spend time today with Mr. Mac. I'm a cus I went to a, I went to a steam room today.


Did. you really? Yeah. Just steam. It wasn't anything else. Yeah. Have you been in there? I've been, have you been in that? Not, is it like a, just a steam room or like attached to a gym? Oh no, it's attached to the gym. Okay. It's like in the bathroom or whatever. There's Yeah. Yeah. Like a room of, yeah. It's intense of Steam. It's intense. I thought you said you went to a specific place called the Steam Room. Like it was a new thing that's just, you walk in, it's just, Oh, Uhuh Steamy as hell. I wonder if there would ever, I wonder if that'd be a good business. If, you had like a, another business that also at the same time was a steam room. Like, that's what I'm Saying. Yeah. Get your hair cut and just sweat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be tough though. So you, Or like a Radio Shack, you know? Oh, that'd be nice. And There like trying to look at Batteries.


They could have stayed in business. Oh, if they just cranked up the steam. Well, radio Shack was, it was almost like where you almost just go there to get, ask the guy a question and then you would leave. It became that place after a while. It did. Once the internet came out, you'd be like, yo, what kind of battery I need for this? And you'd be like, all right on. Yeah. Get Amazon and be like, right. Nice. Yeah, You'd even buy it in front of them. Yeah. Yeah. That's what Best Buy kind of is too. Yeah. And they don't know shit at Best Buy. Like what kind of camera do I, they were like, I like they, the last couple times I went to Best Buy to ask about like cords and shit, they're just like, I, don't really know, man. I'm like, all right, dude, what the fuck? What's the point of this place? Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of bullshit. Yeah. They don't know. And then they'll walk over to another guy. That's the craziest thing. They're like, let me ask my, and they'll be like a coworker or whatever.


And then they'll go over there and then the people will just start laughing. Or the guy was slipping out a joint and then they'll just walk out the the place and you're Like, it is. So, it's sad, man, that last time I went to Best Buy, it was just two dudes. One guy was struggling at a cash register. He didn't even have like the uniform on. And then two other guys were just talking. And it, it was like 10 minutes of people just watching this guy struggle. And I was like, yo, you guys, can you guys come help? And they were like, yeah, man, I guess. And just walked over. And I'm like, all right. Well, yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. It's customer service dipped during covid. It's over now. That's a great point, huh? Yeah. Well we told them they were heroes. Yeah, that's true. They, yeah. They called 'em all frontline workers and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of them were, a lot of them were not heroes.


I don't, I mean, some of 'em were, I guess, I guess actually If, you, DoorDash was the heroes for sure. Yeah. Nurses remember they were crying and everything. They were scared. They, They, well, yeah, they, that actually did suck to be a nurse. 'cause you were, they were in, like, they were in ground zoo. Nobody knew really what it was. Right. So being around it all the time would suck. If, you had to like hold your breath the whole time. Oh yeah. I wouldn't, I would've tried to breathe as like, you know, as least as possible. Yeah. Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. You're, yeah. You're just talking to somebody really fast like that. You're like, I gotta get like I gotta put his talking. I gotta get outta the roof. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be nuts, man. Yeah, dude, I wonder if there'd be a good steam. Like If you could double, you know? 'cause I like double style businesses like that for sure.


you know, like a shoe store, but also what The shoe store barbershop, I'm, I'm gonna keep using barbershop. That would, that would sense. Yeah. Wow. They come bring you a new pair of shoes and you're like, dude, I might as well walk outta here with a fresh haircut and fresh shoes. Yeah. Double businesses are a good idea. I didn't think about that. It's time for it. It is. It's time. Doll grooming and maybe sporting goods or whatever. There you go. Or Juujitsu. Oh yeah. You just tussle a little bit while your dogs get, do you do Juujitsu? I don't do it anymore, man. Did. You did it for a while. Yeah. So Did I. I'll go back and do it once I'm done touring. I just kept getting hurt.


That's the problem with it. It's like I did it for a while and it's just like, yeah, your back gets fucked up and you're like, then at the end of it too, it's like I could just get a gun. Yeah. Like, you know, it's like you could just defend yourself. Yeah. Yeah. You could. I mean, that's the new juujitsu of gun, I guess. Yeah. But it's like I wonder, you know, sometimes I wonder, like if, if I guess if I had a superpower Maybe, it would be, I'd want do juujitsu. I'd want to know every juujitsu Be nasty At it. I mean, just fucking g wrap a dude. True. It. It's a lot better too if you're at like a restaurant to like choke a guy out in front of everyone and just like shoot him in the face. Yeah. No one's gonna be like, dude, nice. That was awesome. That was Sick. Yeah. And it's mess. You gotta clean up.


You gotta wait around. Yeah. Just spray somebody's brains everywhere. People are gonna be like, dude, that was kind of aggressive dude. That was kind of agro. People are like, God, God, Carl. Oh Dang. Yeah, bro. That'd be a good superpower I think to be, just know everything. It would just, it was in you. Yeah. What would you have? If. you think? If. you had a superpower, you think fly? I'd fly. Really? Yeah, I'd fly. That'd be awesome. Would it though? Think of how dude If, you even stuck your head out of a window when you're going super fast. Yeah, I'd, I'd, I'd be chill about it, dude. Imagine if I floated into this room and sat in the chair. Yeah. Dude, those things are tough, dude. Are they? I was struggling early. You gotta use your shirt. You gotta, I'm so happy I didn't do that on camera. You gotta use your shirt. I, I was sitting there, dude.


Struggling dude. Hold on dude. Stop. Bro. That water's not for weaklings, dude. Ugh. This thing's broken. Huh? Dude, It's crazy. I had to put it on my shirt and just fucking wrench it. God, that would be my superpower. I think we'd be able to get in to get in here. No, I think my superpower, hold on a second. I do need to take a second. You got that? Hold on. That's a dangerous angle. That's a dangerous angle to open water, dude. Ooh, Dude. That angle might have helped bro. Joe. A lot of when you lock your hips in, dude, very arm bar. True Juujitsu. But yeah, my superpower, I think mine would be If. you went into the bathroom not being able to know if somebody had pooped in there recently.


That would be nice to be able to, it was like when, you know, when you take a dump, it doesn't smell If. you had that for everybody. But It's like the second you walk into a bathroom, you can tell if somebody's dumped. Recently, if somebody with perfume did dump, Oh, you want to know if they dumped or not know. I don't want to not know. Yeah. I Don't wanna know Anything. So that'd be my superpower to not have, not have, because you can't trick your mind and not know, you know. True. But The seat, if the seat's warm, you're gonna be like, oh, that's the worst. And you sit down at like an airport bathroom and the seat's 98.6 degrees and you're like, fuck dude. Dude. Yeah. Fuck man, Bro. And some people do dumps right onto, they won't even flush the toilet at an airport or whatever. I know they'll do dumps right on the pee. Oh yeah. I actually, I've come around I shit on planes now.


Uhuh, you have to, 'cause otherwise you're gonna fart like a coward and stink the whole plane up. So now I do the valiant thing. I, I like walk by everyone and I sit down there for like 15 minutes and they all know, they all know what I Did. You take a newspaper with me, I'll take my book. If I'm reading a book, I'll take a book with me and I'll just, I'm trying to get this, they gotta really like, just get rid of the stigma. 'cause it's like, dude, otherwise you're just gonna fart silently and just ruin the whole flight. Yeah. Which I also do sometimes. But it's like I now. I'm like, no, this is, this is juvenile. I gotta go like a man and shit on this plane. I'll be Back in a little Bit. Just right next from the stewardess. Yeah. I'll be back. Do you tell? Yeah. That's crazy. If, you tell the person next to you, like I'll be back in a little bit, hold my calls.


If. you say that Like, yo, man, I've been farting my ass off. I'm gonna go take a shit now. Just so you know. I don't wanna cause you anymore grief. But yeah, dude, everyone thinks I'm crazy for shitting on planes, but it's like, it's the righteous move. Yeah. I never thought it like I. Don't Know. It's kind of liberating. It's liberating. Once you're like, I, I, I don't need to hold this. I gotta get, this is totally normal. Yeah. Natural. Like, everyone has to take a shit right now. What's crazy to me is talking to somebody and trying to guess if they have like, poop in their body at that moment or not. It makes me so feel uncom. It's like, just tell me. Yeah. True. you know, if Somebody ha are you, can you like I know some people who can't hold it in at all. I can hold it in. I can hold it in for like a disturbingly long period of time. But now I'm like, why would I do that? Well, some people poop every day. That's Mean to me.


I do. You don't poop every day. No way. You do Multiple. I definitely once, multiple times. Twice. Yeah. Definitely once. Oh My gosh, Dude. You don't poop every day. Huh? Do you sleep outdoors on a farm? What? You poop multiple times a day? Sometimes. Definitely When your owner gets home. That's crazy. Definitely. Once, sometimes twice. Oh my God. How many, how much do you know? People? It's once, it's three Times a day. Three times a week. That's what I do. Three times a week. Okay. It's three times a day. Two, three times a week. Wait, So how? Yeah, so we're both in, I guess the range. I didn't know people were doing it multi. That's crazy. Fucking what are you doing? You're wasting How much of your life, how long does it take to even do a poop on average?


It depends. If I'm really, if I'm like on my phone, I can, you know, I can sit there literally forever, but 12. Oh. I mean, come on man. 12 seconds on Average a bowel movement takes about 12 seconds. That's a I'm gonna, I'm gonna show my wife that next time she's on the seat and be like, bro, you got 12 seconds. Get the fuck back in here with these kids. Dude. No shit breaks. Oh My God. So it's more of a rodeo than it is really like a relaxing thing. I guess I, who made it? Who made poops relaxing? I Love somebody hit him with the max, Max, Max. 10 to 15 minutes. 12 seconds is crazy. Dude. 12 seconds is crazy. Who could even do 12 seconds? Oh, that guy that, who's that bull rider?


Damn. Look. They say it's relaxing 'cause it stimulates the vagal nerve. You got If, you ride a bull. You could probably poop very fast. Yeah. There you go. JB Ma right there. Give B money. What? How they say it? Ma Mooney? I don't Know what's his deal? He's like the number one bull Rider. Yeah. He passed away though. Did he really? No. He is not dead. Yeah. What'd he die from? Oh, I'm not sure. Yo, what's is he said? Is he, Oh, nevermind. He's on Instagram. He's good. Good. Okay. He's not dead. Yeah, my bad. He Was sitting on another cowboy's lap. If I'm not, I don't care at all. Yeah, he's a bull rider. He'll do whatever he wants. But Look after you've ridden a ball. I think being gay is easy. True Saying true. True.


That is true. Yeah. After you've ridden that bull, being a gay has gotta be like, that's child, that's for children. you know, Eat a piece of cake. That, that is true. Being gay after bull riding, gay sex, just staying on the back of a dude. Oh, you couldn't get that guy off. He'd be trying to buck him off you. He'd be No problem. God. He'd be spinning around on you. He'd be like, dude, get off you. Yeah. He'd eating funnel cakes. He's just Fucking, He's guessing your weight while you're fucking like, step right up. That's crazy though. So you were Yeah, I, I usually, I will usually poop two, three times a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Usually you're, I was about to say your Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Yeah. I'm, I'm every day, bro.


I'm every day weekends still. If I miss for sure what, that's when I really chill. But if it's like, yeah, It's your weekend. You're shitting. Definitely. Dude. Oh my God. I look for, it's such a, like a relax. The one thing I will say, have you ever shit while you're really stoned? Mm. That's uncomfortable. I've done that before. like, I've taken like a strong weed edible. Yeah. And like, you have to take a dump in the middle of it. And it's just like, it's the worst. I think it's the worst part of it. Oh, that seems crazy, Dude. It's very wretched. Yeah. You get like, very much like, kind of like, you know, you feel like an animal and you're like, what am I doing? Yeah. You're just taking a gross shit and you're high. It's not good. Yeah. That makes me sad. Yeah, It is. It, it literally just makes you sad. You're like high, you think everything's cool, then you take disgusting shit.


Well imagine. Yeah. See, If you, some people used to get their pets high or whatever, you know? Yeah. And then watching your dog, like my buddy's, it would get his dog high, I guess. I think it was This is when it was legal or something. Yeah. Yeah. and he would get it high and then it would start to poop and it would fall over. It would just, it couldn't even, It fucks your legs up. Yeah. When dogs eat weed, it fucks their legs up. If they eat mushrooms, they're sharp as t Really? Yeah. My inadvertently, my dog ate a little bit of mushrooms one time. No problem. Oh wow. He ate a little bit in Austin? No, this was back in Philly. Ate a little bit of weed one time and he was, he couldn't walk. Yeah. I just had to hold 'em and just, you know, we spent like, we just like watched a movie. Yeah. I watched a movie and just held him. Oh, That's cool. But weed is not good for dogs. Mushrooms, I would argue.


Yeah. He was chilling. And it would be great to see if dogs started using shrooms or whatever, just to see how they kind of started to put new things together. That would be pretty fascinating. Dude. I, I will say he was kind of more well behaved. I I can, it could just be me, but he like never listened. and he inadvertently, it was like an accident. I had like I made, like put something in like a little teabag and I I threw it in the trash and he just ate the teabag. Yeah. I was like, shit. Oh. and he, I just let him outside and he just zoomed around and went back in. I was like, all right. That's pretty cool. How, how do dogs do on mushrooms? Can we bring that up? Actually, I can't believe this isn't a huge study or something. We did. They get into edibles all the time. That is like, for real a problem. Yeah. There's always that stone kid in your high school. We use that laser and he is like, You know. Yeah.


It's really once you're like, yeah, it's okay. That's toxic. Funny. Doggy, psychoactive, shrooms. There you go. This guy looks like he's struggling. Dude, this guy looks like he's having a good time. Whoa, bro. He might have done a heroic dose. This little mixed fell. That's fucking wow, bro. Dude, that's like your marriage, dude. That's awesome dude. Shortly after this, I rushed him to the vet. Oh my God. We was covered with Roxy had found wild shrooms growing. This Guy's such a liar. No they didn't. Yeah. Whoa. How the fuck did the vet realize that? There he goes. Wow, bro. Oh no.


Super attentive. See, my dog was, my dog might have microdose though. So Maybe. it was just more kind of chilling. This person filming Him. That's so wicked. She didn't seem afraid. Wow. She making afraid of fact the opposite. She seemed to be enjoying the experience. All right. I mean, maybe so. Wow. But this kind of shows you if humans, like they, some people say that there's the stoned ape theory or whatever, you know, that if that humans ate, that apes ate mushrooms. And that's how we eventually evolved. You could start to see it with this dog. Like, Damn, these on this dog is onto something. Yeah. Yeah. I, dude, I, I think there is something to that though. The stone day theory. I don't think it's that crazy because our brain size like I don't know if it like doubled it like grew very quickly outta nowhere.


Did it Really? Yeah. Back in like the day our brains were like small then outta nowhere. They were just, And they fat and then it Sot know why it happened. Had no idea. I guess they looked at like skull sizes and they're like, damn, Let's see it. Yeah. Something happened where our brains just went nuts. According To current understanding, the human brain roughly doubled in size over a period of, around 2 million years. There we go. With the most rapid expansion happening between 800,000 and 200,000 years ago, marking a significant brain boom. My thing of dogs have been around forever. Are their great, are their brains growing too? Or like, it's A great question. Have dogs' brains evolved? Human brains have tripled in size since the beginning of the human family tree with states background 7 million years ago.


Wow. So our brains are getting bigger. See, this for me ties straight into like believing If. you look at an alien, right. Usual picture of an alien. It's this body that has no definition. Yep. Huge head. Exactly. It's like, that's all eventually that's what we'll turn into. We are, it's like this. You don't need to use any muscle. Everything's there just machinery and comes into your body through a tube. Leaves out. You don't have to poop three times a a week and or a day. And on weekends Probably. They're probably pretty regular though. Aliens. No, you're definitely not. That's like, what do you know? Sloths shit like once a month. No way. They come down from the tree and they just shit every 30 days. Like a enormous pile of shit. Must take an hour. Bring it up. It Takes a while.


It's, it's pretty funny. They come down real slow once a week. My bad. My bad. So let's use, use poop once a week. Now that makes sense, man. Daily. Women's lost daily when they're in heat. I must be in heat there. Yeah. That's probably why I'm dumping all the time. I'm so damn horny. I wonder if, because I wonder if there's a, if there's like, yeah, I wonder if there's, if your body wants to have poop in it or doesn't Probably. Doesn't. Doesn't, Yeah. I would say not. I would say it doesn't. It's, it mean it's, you feel so much better when You don't have it in you. How Does it feel? So the fact that you do that every couple days, is that kind of like beating off where it feels great? Like If you hold it in for three days? Well, it definitely feels more of like an organized crime, you know?


Really? Yeah. It's like more, it's just not, you're not just fucking showing up. It's not like just a, so just, just spraying bullets in the air, you know? It feels like you just got that fucking John Wilkes poop. you know, you fucking rolled up with one fucking purpose, you know? So it it just like, you'll Bam. Very organized, very Japanese. Almost like, Really? Yeah. You feel it coming. You're like, I knew this moment when arrived Fucking Yeah. It's like you paid extra for the rapping. It's like, it's just very, it feels like how it's supposed to happen. Not somebody, the second they get a bullet in the gum, they just fucking It. Not like, as soon as you wake up every day. Yeah. They're just Spray at the neighbors. I will say waking up in the middle of the night and having to shit is upsetting.


Oh dude, you, you're, you're in total darkness and then you cut. You have to like turn on the li. Yeah. That's terrible. And wouldn't make, because all you have to do is go back to sleep. You do not have to. Yeah. Nothing in the world is saying, Hey, poop now save yourself some time or whatever. Like you can just, you're Saying it's like a life act of shit in the middle's. What people, that's what some people think, dude. It's like they think it's a life hack. I'm like, what? It is not a life hack. Well, I've tried to ignore it, but it's like, you know, you can ignore, you can like wake up and you're like, I kinda gotta pee. But you're like, ah, I'm good. Then you wake up and like, your side fucking hurts and you're like, oh shit. But If, you try to hold it and dump and go to sleep. It's like you just gotta get out of bed.


Well, but the crazy thing is sometimes you'll get up so then you'll see you sit down. Yeah. Right. You sit down and then the problem is you start to doze off. Right. True. That's the Worst. That's true. That's how Elvis died. Yeah. Yeah. He just doze off while shitting and he died. Well, doze and often dying Or death. Yeah, he overdosed. Yeah, he overdosed. It's dangerous when you shit, while you're sleepy. Damn Elvis So tired. He ain't coming back. Yeah, it is. It just sucks you, like, especially when you turn the lights on from pitch blackness, you just like, you see like the veins in your thighs and shit and you're very sad. Yeah. It's disgusting. It's very sad. And then here's the worst thing that can happen to you. you know, there's a video of a guy like his house caught on fire or something. He was on the, he was on the toilet and then his, but his leg, but his legs had fallen asleep and so then he tries to run out and he can't even, no.


Yeah. Just you serious. That that happens a lot. If you're sitting there for a long time, your legs will fall Asleep. Yeah. That, that is a problem. Yeah. I've really, I got a nasty hemorrhoid one time. I'm sorry, the subject matter. Yeah. That we never, yeah. We, we don't talk about this kind of stuff much. So I think it's okay. We Should talk about it more. 'cause People should be okay talking about it. It's not crazy. Yeah. It happens all the time. This is actually important. I thought you could just sit on the toilet forever and just like, scroll your phone and kind of like hide from your family. But I got a hemorrhoid and dude that I looked it up and like, If, you sit there for too long. So I like to read and stuff on the toilet now. That's why I'm all business. I'm in and out. 'cause like, dude, those things suck. Okay. And they come from sitting there too long. Well, yeah, your Body, it's crazy 'cause your body literally wants to get out of your ass. Which is like, it's, it's like you would think your body's happy, like the insides of you, but they're like, nah, No dude, it's nonstop.


Come. They're just peeking around the corner. Yeah. Your body never gets a break. You sleep, thank God. But your cells are still moving your brain. you know, your, it never gets a fucking true rest. That's true, man. It's kind Of bullshit. Yeah, man. I, I, I, I couldn't believe. Yeah, I guess I just, I, I guess I just, I can't believe how much some people do. 'cause to me pooping feels like you have to earn it. Yeah. you know, if you're just, if somebody just, you know, yeah, I'll go shit or whatever. I got some time to kill it. She's crazy to me. Dude. That is true. You gotta wait till it's There. Who are you? You know? No, you're absolutely right. Franz Ferdinand or whatever give you like a, the Prince of Royals or whatever.


Like, what are you even, I used to be able to pee. I think I can still do it. I can pee at any time. I can make myself pee At any point. Any point I can get pee. I, it's weird. So Somebody runs up gun to the head pee now. Dude, I literally, I, so when I was little, I was like down the beach with like my cousins and stuff, and we were like out of bed and we were like, were little. We were fucking around. We were supposed to be in bed and we were just running around and my uncle came down and he is like, I told you guys to go to bed. And I was like, oh, I gotta pee. And I didn't have to pee. And he's like, prove it. and he made me and my cousin fucking pee. And I fucking was just like, we'll see. And I just peed. And ever since I just known how to do it. My, it was like my, you know, that's your superpower. I was about, it is my superpower.


I can pee at any time. That's awesome. And my, it was like, dude, my uncle was like, go, it was like a fucking, like a probation officer's. Like, go ahead and paint. Yeah. I had to like put my back to him and I was like, come on, come on, come on. I was pumped, Dude. I would always get nervous in the locker room or whatever that my penis wasn't good or whatever. Yeah. And 'cause my brother also was an asshole. He took a marker and write like, not good next to my penis. And I was like, what an asshole. And so I was always like super paranoid, you know? But I would always like try to like shake it against my leg to get it fired a point. Turn around in the locker room or, You know, whatever. You good? Yeah. No, that's, dude, that's, that's a real thing though. If. you had a rest stop. I don't know why, but when you're peeing you can kind of like peripherally see other dicks like, like just at like the very corners of your eye.


And they always look just enormous every single time. I don't know if you've ever encountered that. I've, Yeah. I don't have, I don't, I don't, I don't get that. I got a crazy peripheral. Really? And I'm just tormented, dude. I'm peeing. I'm like, oh my God, This hogs everywhere. Huh? Small Country. It's just wild hugs, Razorback fans. It's Just wild hugs. Like Bill Clinton just fucking, I just always pull my balls up too at a urinal. Just so if anyone catches me, they're like, yo Shit. Well, it should be where If, you squeeze your balls, that stuff goes into your wiener. It makes it bigger. You hope That's what God should have done. That would be good design. Absolutely. Yeah. Or make your balls squa. like I always wanted to stack my balls. I always wish that they were squared or whatever.


like, I agree. When you mean business, you're like, all right. Motherfucker stacking 'em up would be nice. Yeah. Just roll em. Daddy. He's stacking in a sack right now. Somebody's about to get an ass whooping. And then I'm gonna go shit this weekend. Stack nuts would be decent. That'd be nice. Stacking your nuts to take a shit over uncle's like pee right now. You're like, or check this out. He's like, yeah, If, you stack your nuts. You can come drink a beer with me, dude. Fuck. This fellow's an architect, didn't he? God. Wow.


you know, I've, I've been dealing with it a lot. I'll say it, it's dehydration. you know, my arms are just whether I've been flying or you go to work workout and then you're on the go and next thing you know, you're, you're feeling chapped or you're just feeling like your body's just made out of just dang this baby paper. And it's tough to deal with. That's dehydration. And. what I use to help me is Liquid IV. It's simple. You just crack open a packet of Liquid IV, pour it right into a bottle of water. Put the cap back on, shake it up baby. And dang daddy's quenched. That's how I do it. One stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. And you can feel it when you're drinking it. It feels thick. It feels just, just, just luscious. It feels good when it's going in. You stay high traded through the holidays with Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code Theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code Theo at Liquid IV dot com.


you know, a lot has changed with our merchandise store online over the past year. you know, we've tried new products and different things and, and If you are familiar with e-commerce or have an e-commerce business of your own. I'm sure you know how things can change and sometimes you have to scale. Well, ship Station has helped us. That's the truth. Ship Station helps you achieve exceptional shipping efficiency with a robust all in one order fulfillment system that integrates with over 180 of the most popular e-commerce platforms, marketplaces, and carriers. That's right. We started out shipping out out of a basement, a buddy of mine, Kevin and his brother, and he was on the, he was on the bottle a bit, but they, they would ship the shirts and then things evolved and Ship Station really came to the rescue scale. Your e-commerce business with the shipping software that delivers Switch to Ship Station today. Go to ship station.com and use Code Theo to sign up for your free 60 day trial. That means throughout the holidays you can try it out. That's ship station. S-H-I-P-S-T-A-T-I-O n.com. Code Theo.


Happy anniversary dude. Thank you man. You just had a five year anniversary. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Did, you guys do something special for it? Or how does that kind of work? Do you feel like you have To No, no. I, I don't. But you know, I I I'm not really like the, I'm not big on milestones and stuff, you know, obviously we, like, we did something. I don't know what we did. I think we went out to dinner, but no, we didn't really do anything that crazy. 10 10. Maybe we'll do something cool. Yeah. But especially with little kids, it's like, you can't really do, we can't go on like a trip and we could, but it's like, it's just a pain in the ass. You're gone for two days. Yeah. They're freaking out. So yeah, we just chilled man. you know, we're just five years trying to do five more, you know? Yeah. That's All.


It's, does it feel, did it feel kind of exciting Did? you have a moment for yourself where you were like, wow, it's pretty cool, or? Well, To, to be fair, I originally, I thought we had been together for 10 years total. So I originally was like together 10 years, married for five. And she's like, dude, we've been together for nine years. And I was like, right on. Right on. Yeah. So I was kind of stoked. I was like, damn, we, this is like the longest relationship I've ever been in. Yeah. I was like, that's kind of sick. Remember telling me that. Yeah. It's cool. Yeah. Five years of marriage is very, that's a big deal now. Oh yeah, dude. It's the five. They, they claim that the, the true power struggle lasts for five, the first five years are a giant power struggle where you both try to like, you know, who's, who gets to say this? Who gets to like, there's a million little things you have to like hammer out agreements on like how full, like it's, it not being silly, but it's like, how full should the trash get?


Should you put this stuff away? you know, there's just a bunch of stuff. Oh, for sure. I can only imagine that. And you have a Power struggle who gets to say what? And you know, so it's like I. I think it, it's, I think it's kind of real. 'cause it has subsided a lot in terms of like, just bickering over stupid shit. Do you look forward to seeing your wife when you get home and stuff? I do. Cool. I look forward, I look forward to seeing her, the kids. Especially if they go away. Yeah. Dude, there's a, there's a post that's We were, That's you. Yeah, Bro. That's when I was, I was a bad boy back then. Oh my gosh. That's, that was us now. There you go. Look at that dude. That's Cool. But yeah, the kids, the, the kids are the big ones, man. They run and give you a big hug. But it's like, it's just nice to have like the central unit every day to go back to Did, Is there ever moments where the kids favor one of the other and that hurts your feelings?


All the time? All the time. All bro. All the time. See it all the time. It's, that Would break my heart. They, when they're really little, they don't want anything to do with the dad for the most part, which is like, all right, I can deal with that. And now they're like, they're rolling with me. But they'll go back and forth between like, who they want to put 'em to bed. And like, honestly though, when they're like, we want mommy to put us to bed, I'm like, right. you know, I'm like, whatever. Right. But I could, they would do that. They would like, they were all about me for a while and I could see it would like hurt my wife's feelings a lot. Yeah. But then they always switch back. Eventually they'll be like, fuck you, we want mom. And it's like, if one of us are away, they want the other one. Yeah. It's Like the portal in the football or whatever the what They're like, I'm hitting the portal. I'm going to mom. Yeah. Yeah. For real. But She's got NIL Lunchables over here.


As long as you're together, I think it's, you know, it's cool. But like, the separating man, that's such a nightmare to navigate, it seems like. 'cause then it's like you have two different houses, you know? And I, I know myself, I'd make my house more fun than hers, so you can start doing that shit. And it's just Like, oh yeah, I'm getting big speakers and shit. It'd be so nasty, dude. But it's also like, yeah, it's, it's just hard. Like, yeah. I think, what is it, like 40? I think Mar divorce is actually going down, but it's still like 45% of marriages get divorced. That's Crazy. What is it? Yeah. I want, do you have a key you feel like, oh, lemme see. In the United States, the percentage of marriages that end in divorce varies by the number of times a couple has been married. Interesting. I'm, I'm, this is my second too. So I'm, I'm not, the odds are not in my favor.


Wow. So first marriage is 41%, or first marriages end in divorce. Second marriage is 60%. Third marriage is 73%. Yeah. Fourth marriage is just a man. Yeah. Fourth marriage is 100% of the time. Ending to fourth. Yeah. The, yeah. Man, it's, you know, what were you asking if there's any sort, any like secrets? Yeah. If, you have a secret. Like, do you have something that you feel like you've kind of honestly learned, or like you've been like this, this helps, or this is something that I had to adjust about myself or anything like that? Yeah. I, for me it's like, I can only speak for myself, but it's like, and I think you could say to other people, but it's like you as a person, you have massive blind spots as like the stuff you do that's like not great.


And it, it takes a lot when you get input on those things. Yeah. It's so easy to be like, fuck you shut up. You don't know what you're talking about. But over time it can almost like, give you insight into aspects of yourself that you're like, yeah, I could probably change this a little bit. Or even in like the heat of arguments, I'll hear something she'll say. And in my head, I'll, before I even have time, I'll be like, fuck that. That's bullshit. Then there'll be a part of my brain where like, fuck, that's kind of valid. But I'll be like, fuck this. I'm not losing this argument. So you start to like, get better at like being like, you're right. That was fucked up of me. And then also like, you have to be like, but this is something, you know, so it's just like learning how to communicate and in order to communicate, you gotta take in a lot of like kind of bad stuff about yourself without like, completely just getting floored to level 10, which you don't even realize is happening.


Right. If that makes sense. Well, I guess you have somebody that you, I guess you are like, okay, I trust my spouse, I care about them, so I'm gonna listen to some of their feedback. Yeah. And, and like, it's one of those, especially if you're, if you're like simultaneously bothering each other, you're programmed to be like, the thing you're doing is worse than the thing you think I'm doing. And you have to like, take perspective. Damn. Be like, all right, that's valid. And it just like, it literally feels like you're moving like an 800 pound stone to just be like, all right, maybe that is something annoying I do. Maybe that is a personal weakness in my, it's just fucking hard. But you learn how to do, I think it helps in the long run. Yeah. But you know, it's just like, so there's just so many facets to it because then you have kids, then it's like, well, who gets to dictate, like, the philosophy of the house and the flow of things.


It's just a fucking lot, dude. It's just, Yeah. You have to have conversations like about that kind of stuff All the time. You have to talk about that kind of stuff all the time. And it's like, Like how do we, how should we parent? Yeah. Wow. That's cool though. But Then you can't do it in front of the kids, but then you're, you as it's going on, you right. Every cell in your body's like, say it now and you have to whole sit there and wait and then like, there's never a good time because then either it's nighttime, it's like right before bed, like, oh, something that actually bothered me today. It's like, that's not a good time. You can't do it first thing in the morning. And you Can't do that thing where you just in the room. But being loud, but being quiet. You ever do that shit? Oh yeah. Yeah. I'll do, I'm the king of that. Yeah. I'll lay down and be like, what's the matter? Like nothing. Just wait for three days.


And like, actually what was bothering me the other night, You've been fucking just picking your skin off in the garage. Fucking drinking PBR back there. God, dude. Yeah. That's so wild. Being loud. But being quiet is the craziest behavior. Oh, that's insane. In the world. If I see someone else do it, I'm like, what are you fucking crazy? But I'll definitely be like, And sometimes You don't even realize you're doing it. I'll get into bed and just be like, I'll hear every be what's the matter? And I'll like, why? She's like, you just sighed heavily. And I'm like, did I? I'm like, I, realize I did that. Yeah. So yeah. It's, it's good. You know what I mean? It's, it's one of those things you don't know. 'cause it's like, and it's like you hear like whatchamacallit, like I, it's not a slam on Matt Rife.


He had that special red flags. And it's not like that taps into a big thing of like, online dating all this stuff where it's like, if anyone exhibits any sign of weakness, that's a red flag. Abandon ship immediately. Yeah. But everybody has them. And eventually you got, and again, I'm not slamming the RIF man for that was just, he's tapping into like, no, That's just popular Consciousness of on young online daters. Totally. But it's like this like red flag philosophy is like, everybody Has red flags. Exactly. So whatcha gonna do now you're just, everybody's like, fuck everybody. Yeah. Not everybody's fucking dope as hell, dude. Everyone's got fucking major issues going On. Yeah, dude. You think everybody Spuds McKenzie or whatever. Yeah, dude. It's like outta Your mind. So that's, that's the thing where it's like you have to like, you know, and I, I think couples counseling is a great thing.


A lot of people are like, it's a fucking waste of time. If, you gotta do that. It's already over. And it's like, I think it's great. Oh, yeah. Because then it enters a, it's the best thing when you're arguing. It's like, I'm the boss. I'm the boss. And you just clash. You give the authority to a another figure. And then it's like when you do couples counseling, if your wife's right, it gets to like, kind of, instead of like hitting you like a laser beam, it goes to that person. They kind of can relay. It's like the, I don't know how to explain it, but it's like, every now and again, another person with, you know, with like degrees and shit will be like, actually your husband's right about this. And you're just like, it's Like he's in Starling kind of. It Kind of is. Yeah. You get to it. Just, it, I think it's great for people. Yeah. And it's like, it just helps. 'cause it's like, you don't wanna hear it from the other person. You know what I mean.


Like if like my wife's telling me something, I'm like, I don't wanna hear this shit. If she tells him, then he tells me. I'm like, that is actually a fantastic point. Yeah. And I'm not trying to be a dick. It just, The way it works. No, bro. It's got, I mean, people ha have to, how do you bridge a topic? Say there's something you want to talk to your wife about. How do you kind of do it? Dude, so I've learned before I would just boil quietly and then like explode. Oh, I, now what I do, I'll wait. Just like Violent Irish, like the Irish Hello they call. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. And another fucking thing. What, what I do now, Two fucking frank are flying across the room. They're just bouncing off each other. Yeah. The, well, the problem is it's like, all right, here I have a piece of information.


If I relate to this person, they're gonna have a big emotional reaction that's gonna get me all upset. So I'll just keep it to myself. And so eventually what I learned to do is be like, I gotta tell you something. And this is actually going, this could potentially get you upset. So like, that way they're, they're not caught off guard. They're like, that catches 'em. And they're like, all right, they have time to prepare themself. Yeah. And then you hit 'em with the information rather than this being like, yeah, that really fucking bothered me the like three days ago. And that, you know, they're just like, what the fuck is this? So I, you have to like, for me it's like I have to preface the fact that I'm about to bring up something that could be potentially upsetting. That's Kind of a good way to do it Due to work so much. It works so much better Because then they're not, then they're also not thinking that you also wanted to catch me off guard. So, because that's two things you're doing. Yeah.


You're telling 'em something that's gonna upset 'em. And then you're also surprising them. Exactly. And with this, you're like I don't know. It shows you care to be like, Hey, yeah, I don't want to upset you, but I have no other choice and relay this information to you. So prepare yourself. Now here's the information. It a thousand percent of the time, or it works like a thousand percent better every time because it sucks. Yeah. You, you gotta share stuff constantly back and forth. That's just like not great. And that's why I think it is long term. It's good to be in long term relationships. I, I think. But it's like everyone's different. That's the other thing. Yeah. So could be fucking, you know, maybe some people might not be the thing. So Yeah. It's, it's tough. It's tough to figure out. I mean, I don't know anything.


The question then is like, how much flack do you take? Like how much stress do you take before you're supposed to call or quit? So there's no real answer on that, Right? Like, yeah. Where do they, yeah. How does that go? Yeah, I'm watching some friends and stuff go through divorces and it's really challenging. But then I'm also watching friends stay together who are trying to just battle it and figure it out. Because that's what they want the story of their life to be. you know? I think that Could be terrible too. Yeah. Because that can get to the place where you just, I've, I've been in houses where it's like the parents fucking hate each other. They don't talk to each other. That's could be even worse, honestly. Yeah, Dude, we had a dude it on our street when I was growing up, he tried to burn his family down like three fucking times. And his wife stayed with him every time. I was like, what? What are you guys doing? Like, that's For real. Yeah. Like you are a dumb lady.


Yeah, he was. And everybody knew, you know, everybody knew how much he didn't like her. Yeah. you know, I would say, But I would say you just try to cook the house. Yeah. I just fucking a dude. But animals, you know, people, people are animals. you know, raccoons will eat, they're young. Just so another, so they'll go into heat. So another raccoon will come and have sex with 'em again. What? That's crazy behavior. They'll eat their babies to get piped down so that, I'm not saying what city this is happening in, but Yes Dude. So they'll, for real. That's crazy. 'cause what just munching your baby puts you in heat. Yep. Male raccoons, also known as boars, can kill a baby raccoon.


A practice called infanticide. This can happen for a number of reasons, including sexual dominance. Oh, they'll, oh, they'll kill. Okay. So the mom won't wait, the mom won't eat it. The dad raccoon will kill the baby. So the mom can't come up with any bullshit excuses Not to wanna make love. Yeah. I'll Be like, I. He'll be like, oh, you think you're fucking just gobble the babies and be like, we're fucking now. Wow. I know you love this shit. Nasty. I'm turning this living room into a soup plantation right now. That's Bongers dude. Damn. They're, they're like romantic novels. Must be crazy too. Just a fucking cover of a jacked raccoon with a baby in his mouth. It's a woman raccoon. Have You seen that raccoon?


That plays dead. and he puts that broomstick over him to make it look like it hit him. You haven't find that video, bro. Unbelievable. That's Cra I didn't know that though. This is the fuck craziest thing I'd ever seen in my life. They're so, Raccoons are rad. Dude, I love raccoons. They're very un Yeah. They're like fucking mafia squirrels. Dude. They are serious about this shit. Yeah, They're dude, they're bear. Family's crazy. Yeah, Keep looking forward and find it If. you can for me, it's a video. Yeah, that sounds awesome. What else has been happening, man? How's things been? I got this za ring, so I've been tracking my biometric data.


That's been kind of fun. Uhuh. Yeah. Does stress to sleep? It's pretty, it's pretty Cool. What? Yeah. I've never even seen that. You can take it off or you can't. I can Take it off. Yeah, take it. Check it out. So it's just a ring and it brings up the information So it tracks your sleep, it tracks your stress. Oh, here we go, Dude. Yeah, this is great. Look at this. What the fuck I, this is a couple minutes long maybe. Let's see. What is that Thing? Yo, that's a good guy, dude. It's a flying squirrel Motherfucker. Look at this s Great dude. That's nuts.


Wow. He's not fucking, and that's on Wishes Would've happened. This is somebody meet on Craigslist for sure. Dude. We got the guy from Craigslist coming on. What Craig, do you really? Yeah, next week. What the hell? Pretty excited about that dude. You know how many blow jobs that guy's responsible for? Yeah. Like for real Millions. That's crazy though. Free, there's gotta be a ton of kids out there that happened because of him. Probably two. Yeah, true. I didn't think about that, Bro. I met a woman once she, we met at a bar, right? Yeah. Met her off of personal encounters, whatever. Met her at a bar. Figured it. I didn't you, you know, I figured that if she wouldn't be, who knows?


I figured for sure she might be a man or whatever. But hopefully she wasn't nice. That was kind of my attitude. And then I go there, bro. Smoking hot bro. What? I'm like, you gotta be kidding. This lady's gonna kill me or whatever. Drink my blood or whatever. Yeah. So goes back to my place. She covered anything in my place that had any light closed. All covered the VCR thing. Like every and no light at all. I Do that by the way. You do? I don't like fucking lights when I'm sleeping. I, I I would put like table No for sex. She did it. Oh, she did it For sec. Oh, she didn't want the cam. Probably. You think I'm just gonna invite somebody over just to fucking, You gotta get to know her dude. You think I'm gonna fucking bro meeting somebody and then letting them sleep at your house really is A crazy Practice Now.


Dude. It was casual encounters, dude. That's true. That's pretty catch. You're right, You're right, you're right. It's, I'm trying to make him more than it's True. So she covered every source of light and then had sex with you? Yeah. What Did you think about that? I don't know. It was, I was willing to do it. I knew that for, but I didn't know much else after. I just knew it was very interesting. I couldn't tell if she didn't wanna see me. If she was scared. Yeah. Maybe she was nervous that there was a camera or something. Yeah. What's, what's the If? you don't mind me asking? What's that? Craigslist pussy like? I don't remember it that good. Really? But it was pretty, it was fine. I guess it was, you know, it was, you know, norm, you know, pretty, yeah. Yeah. Not, yeah, like normal.


A normal woman. I'm glad that worked out for you. Every time I've, I've sold a lot of things on Craigslist. Just like I've sold cars on Craigslist. I've bought like I. Think I bought like a game away advance for my sister one year for Christmas. Did. you ever meet anyone to like buy or sell anything? No. People are get attacked. A buddy of mine was buying some walkie talkies or trying to sell some walkie talk here, the other, and he got fucking jumped. Did he really? Yeah. Dude, Everyone I've met from Craigslist, I always just assume they die like 10 minutes after we meet. They always like seem like they're on their last leg. Yeah. Every time I sell someone I'm like, that guy's definitely dead. As soon as I like, he, he would buy like a car. I'm like, well that guy's gone. Yeah. That guy had a heart attack in the car. Dude, one time on Craigslist We were like, we had a fireplace, I remember was the first time I'd ever had a fireplace.


So I was like, we gotta use this. Me and my friend were sharing a living room, dude. It's my buddy's apartment. So we had like, put beds in the living room and we had a fireplace and they're like, let's make it nice, you know? That's pretty cool. Yeah. What's really exciting. Did, you ever tell people that it was your spot but your boy was just crashing? Yeah, I'd Say he did. That's in the army. I tell the time, Me and my friend shared a, a bedroom in college, same thing. I'm like, yeah, I'm let my buddy crash in that top bunk man. Feel bad for the guy. That's What I would say. He's on leave from the army. and we had a, we even had a fake army bag that was just stuffed with sheets and we put it by the extra bed. This That's awesome. To make it Look legit. That's awesome. But we, so one day we're like, well we, we, we need firewood, right? Yeah. So that's what you have to have.


So we fi we look on the thing. Free firewood, right. Or something. And it's like 13 miles away. We just moved to LA, took us an hour and 30 minutes to go get it. It was out in like diamond bar and we drive all the way out there and it's just like somebody had like, literally taken like a big shiffer robe or something and just b batted it together with a bat, beating the shit up with an axe. And so it just chipped up fucking wood. Right? So it's, we have, we put it into my buddy's fucking hashtag, just filled this thing with chip to wood. Bring it all the way back. Dude, we burned all that wood in like 12 minutes. It was a kindling. Yeah, it was gone. It took fucking an entire day. Man. That sucks. Oh, LA was so hard in the beginning, man.


We bought a refrigerator off Craigslist. Yeah, we get it home. This was on my birthday and it wouldn't go in the fuck. We were literally running against it and trying to push it in. Dude. I remember leaning against it and just fucking crying, Bro. God, dude, I, I had to move myself one time and I was trying to get a box spring up to the second floor of the bedroom and it, it, same thing. It wouldn't fit. And it was, I dropped it, let it fall and just cried on the step. Yeah. Same. It's so frustrating, Dude. Lest we forget Dude, just moving and not being able to fit something. It's like, I'm like, where am I getting another box spring from? Yeah. I just am pissed off. I'm carrying this thing by myself and it just, you just go C clunk. Yeah. And you're like, dude, fuck. And life just wins and you just can't do it anymore.


Yeah. God, I never got a box ring either. That was just it. I just put a mattress down and was like, thought I could have a box spring. Be a normal guy. Yeah. Nah, it sucks, Dude. My buddy, I used to sleep under his bed for a while and he would have girls come over and they'd always go to the restroom or something where they were gonna make out and he'd come in there, he'd wake me up and he'd be like, don't fucking, and he, but he'd wake me up and tell me that, don't wake up. Right. Don't Be jacking off down there. This is just crazy. like, I wasn't gonna wake up. I was being asleep. Yeah. I was gonna, he'd be like, dude, don't fucking wake up that I got a check over you. Alright. So you were just fucking like vampire. He's dead asleep. Yeah. 150 bucks a month. Dude, That's not bad.


That was a great deal, man. When I Was there. Were you like, for real under the bed? Like a, like a monster or was it like a loft kind of thing? Were you, like, how, how much space Did you have. It was like a monster. How much space Did you have under It. Just fucking put my hand, just creed up the itch. Was it like the loft style setup and you Were just kind? No, but it was a nice bed. Pretty high Bed. Okay. So you got And so yeah, I had probably, I would say 20 inches under there. Not bad Did. you Did you get scared when you woke up. Yeah. Probably 19 inches a couple times. Yeah. You start to, you, you start to adapt. That makes sense. 'cause I only have one experience. I slept at my cousin's house one time when I was little and I slept on the floor, but I like would move around while was sleeping.


And I ended up with like half of my body under his bed and I freaked out when I woke up. So I didn't know where the fuck I was. I just looked up and I was like, what the fuck? Yeah. Scary. But that must've been sick to be laying under someone having sex like that. Yeah. Well it was, and I think lucky he did it. 'cause he was trying to make sure I knew he was hooking up with chicks, you know? Yeah. He always like, he always like did that, But should have gave him a little, just so he would know just from the bottom, Just push a little with my legs up against the Bottom. Yeah. Give a a little boost. Yeah. Get a little hot just leg. Press him like a quarter inch deeper. Just that would've been, that would've been righteous as hell. That would've been cool. She Would've been like, holy shit, it's a strength of two men. She would've loved it, dude.


Oh Dude. Anybody that has sex for more than probably six or seven minutes is out of their fucking mind. Right. Dude, it's ridiculous, man. Thank you. I, I, God, I'm praying about this. I'm like, even to say it, I felt afraid to say it. Like, No, we, I used to live, me and me and Brittany lived below a couple and the guy would just for fucking like 40 minutes and he would just never ending. We'd be like, dude, come on, man. This isn't even sexy anymore. It would, it was just like, dude, what are you doing? Yeah. It's all, yeah. It's like, what are you doing? What Is the point? Go shit. Yeah, dude. Just go do anything else. Yeah, I agree. I it's, I I mean, If you really getting after it 12 minutes, top 12 minutes is crazy. Yeah. On a par, like on a re Six.


Perfect par. Yeah. Yeah. One, two is like, understandable. Yeah, it happens. But you have to definitely, yeah. I would get so nervous sometimes I would get off, I'd be like, what was that? And I'd run out of the just shit like, you know, oh, you hear that? Or something. I'd run out of the fucking room or something. Wait, what? What do you mean? Like, if I would get, you know, ejaculate early or Whatever. Oh, true. Yeah. What The fuck was that? Did. you feel that earthquake? What the fuck was that? I can just fucking run outta the room, Come back 10 minutes later with my clothes on. Just not even say anything. Although I, I feel like women secretly, I mean, not even secretly, they'd much prefer that than like, If. you just couldn't finish it.


Devastates women. If, you Can't finish If. you can't finish. Dude. They, you know, people like, say guys are bad of being like, well folks, you didn't come. But like, dude, if a dude doesn't come ever like women, women will implode. But that's, I think the new move is not like just coming for just fun. Like, just party coming or whatever. Like, people are just coming for fun. Yeah. I think that's kind of, those days are over. Yeah. I mean, do you mean like personally or just kind of like I? Think so the whole Thing for me. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I. It's like I wanna just, I wanna be the guy that kind of, you know, ejaculates like with a purpose or whatever. Yeah. Build it up. Is that crazy? What the fuck am I talking about, dude? No, that's a, that's insane. One of my fucking, I think I'm Steven Douglas. Fucking, I, I have the ejaculations dude.


Yeah. I think I'm, I have the same fantasy though, where I'm like, I'm gonna really like dial it in and, you know. Yeah. I'll be like tired before bed and it's like, I'm gonna beat off even though I'm not horny. That's where I'm at. Oh, you're not even, you don't even want to, but you're like, That's sick. Let, that's abuse. Really. It is. And it feels like abuse. Yeah. You finish and you're like, I, I didn't need to do that. That was, it's crazy. Yeah. You Feel so much shame. I feel a ton of shame happens for me from watching porno. Yeah. And watching myself jerk myself off Watching yourself. Yeah. True. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's jerk. I don't mind jerking off it's pornography for some reason, like when it's over and I'm, I'm still watching it and I'm just like, if I can do like a memory beat those, I feel pretty guilt free.


Yeah. Just crank one out in the shower, just kind of, Dude, I had a blind dude that lived with us for a bit and we would fucking, I saw him watching hand porn or whatever it's called. No Reading, like braille erotica. Craziest thing ever. Man. That'd be crazy. Really beautiful. Really? I mean, gay. I, I don't, I mean like, yeah, I, I mean it was, it wasn't gay. It was like, you know, but it was pretty cool. It was like, I'm trying to think of what movie it reminds. The Braille was just shaped like boobs and you're just going, oh fuck dude. Well it was getting pretty crazy, you know? It's crazy. But it's just interesting to see, you know, it's almost like watching the Nature channel. Yeah. That's kind of nuts. Oh, there you go. The Braille Superstore romance novel.


Fuck dude. I wanna learn braille just so I can do this. Oh Yeah. The Love hypothesis. Damn. Their titles are very like, poetic. It ends with us. It starts With us. You turn around and let me see the sexy body go boom, boom, boom. That's stupid. No, that was pretty sick. Yeah, That was pretty bad. Lessons In chemistry. Crash and burn. These titles are good. Ooh, the Manning Sisters. What are they doing? That's probably about Eli and painting. Painting, getting a trans surgery. Yeah. Dude. Is Eli, is he just get carried along by Peyton? Is Peyton the one with all the pizazz? And Eli just gets kind of carried off, carried Along. Did Eli win a, did Eli win or My Peyton definitely won Super Bowls, but I thought Elon Eli won.


Not Elon. Eli won, won, yeah. With the Giants beat. He won. Beat the Pats. Yeah. And Peyton what? Peyton won two. That's a good question. He won with Denver, didn't he? Yep, I think so. Oh yeah, he did. He did. Because I would've, I would've thought Peyton was definitely the guy, but apparently Eli was kind of nasty as well. Oh, Eli was pretty wild, man. Yeah, Eli's definitely funnier to be around when I'm around the two of them. Really? I haven't been around him much. Yeah, that sounds like humble bragging. I it's not. No, but Peyton went to ut so you see him sometimes like in, in Nashville or in Tennessee? P Pay Probably. Peyton's a great actor. He's good in those commercials, man. He actually, yeah, he's pretty, he also, he probably whooped Eli's ass dude. Oh, That's a great question.


I dude, I can, I can tell He definitely whooped his ass. That's a great Question, dude. I, I forgot you're asking me what I've been up to. I, I've been visiting schools. I, I, now I have to like look at real schools 'cause my, my, you know, my, my oldest daughter's like gonna turn five, so that's like kindergarten. So she has, she has to get to like, the real school system. And we were looking at this one place and they have plain clothes, just like guards now with guns. So it was kind of sick. I, I was like, dude, I really wanna retire and become a plain clothes. Just walk around a school, just grow like a ponytail and just become a teacher. That's all you do all day. You carry a gun. You just wait for like, some nerd to pop off and you just blast him.


Dude, that'd be, that would be honorable, man. Like, but what If you fucking what? If you start tripping in your head and thinking that somebody's like, some kid is like plotting and shit. Like, I'm like the true detective. I'm Russ Cole of school. School. Security. Security. Yeah. I, I'd, I'd have to wait till they po it'd have to pull out first I'd Cool. You think you would set a kid off is Sorry dude, I'm, I'd be ru You say that I'm think No, I'm saying, you're saying like get like all tripped out. Like, damn, is this kid getting paranoid? Yeah. like I know these motherfuckers Like, oh, Damien's up to some shit. I Know he's packing. No, I would just wait. I would chill. I'd do my thing and the moment one of those motherfuckers pulled out the steel, I would just be there ready to die and just walk him down.


Just, Dude, That's your job, Mr. Walk him down Crayola style. Walk him down, bro. And if I, you know, if I died, I'd die a fucking hero. You can't die, dude. Some fucking kid. You can't. You have to use two hands. Even hold the gun up. What if an adult could sometimes like crazy adult. Oh, that's true. Oh good. See what I'm saying? It's like, yeah, that's better. Let's frame. It's like evil nerds or a fucking like, just wild adult evils. Either one could get it. Yeah. Either one could get it. Oh. But it's like, dude, that would be, that would be, I was just at this school and it was like I, I saw the guy. 'cause they were like, you know, my wife's like, do you have security? And like, we have plain clothes. I'm like, right on. And then I saw, I was like kind of sussing out, like I. See people walking around. Yeah.


As soon as I saw like, oh dude, I'm like, oh, there's the plain closed security guard. Yeah. When I was young, we just had like a mill with a hammer running around, you know, like we were lucky dude. Yeah. We didn't have any security, Man. Yeah, We didn't have shit. We didn't. Yeah, now you need it. Now you dude, the plain closed guys at a school that would be so sick just walking around, chilling, knowing like, yeah, dude, all I had to do is chill here, Listen to Desperado in your fucking AirPods Nonstop. It'd be nothing but shit like that. Just fucking enter Sandman. Just, yeah. I would be getting hyped for like 30 years. Just being like, Let's Go, let's fucking go Walking to Machine Gun Man Brewster. That would be crazy, dude. Huh?


Damn dude. I, yeah, by the end of it, I'd just be tipping my hat to the teachers. Like, man, all black leather cowboy off it, dude. Like, Dude, can you be a little more low key? Yeah. You shit, once a week I'd roll a tumbleweed. Before I walked anywhere I'd just kick a tumbleweed across me, bro. People should have their own tumbleweeds, right? Yeah, dude. Just throw it on a string. Just fish it. Yeah. A hero. A hero should have a couple tumbleweeds in front of him, dude. True. Just fucking give it. I would just kick it as I walked. Or even at some twinks dressed up like in hay and stuff. That'd Be nice. That would be nice. Spinning around Like A Tonto Tonto. But yeah, that was fucking killing me, dude. I kept fucking with my wife.


I was like, bro, wow. I love, that's the one thing we went to Chicago and she was like crushing me because she's from there. So like when we, we were visiting her family was like, you gotta be careful now. Like, and like there, there's, they kept calling 'em like the hop out boys, which, you know, you shouldn't give these guys like a cool name like that. But they were like, dude, were just hopping outta cars with ar fifteens and just carjacking people. So my wife was telling me about it the whole time. She hates when I do this, but I'll be like, bro, I wish a motherfucker would pop outta me with that thing. She's like, dude, it's not funny. It's very serious. I was like, bro, it'd be the worst day of that guy's life. She's like, will you please stop? This is serious. I was like, I. Wish one of those motherfuckers would. And and the whole time we were there, I was like, please, please. Those guys don't come. But yeah, you gotta Did You have you got a piece on you? No, I Didn't have anything. I told her, I told her I was gonna grab the barrel and tighten in the knot and be like, get the fuck outta here.


You punk, Bro. Your wife is gonna be holding the blood into your body. Dude, I just say that to fuck with her. And in the reality I would've, I would've fucking bailed. I'm like, all right you guys, you can have the fuck the car in the family. I'm out here, dude. Yeah. Do You think a wife likes it if the husband has a gun on him? Definitely These Days. For sure. Huh? I think they love that shit. I mean, dude, he like, you could get the most like lib lady, but she's gonna love all libs. Secretly, I think I've even talked about this before. All Libs secretly want just a red, pilled badass in my experience. Well, Well, they want dude with a gun. I went to social work school. They, a lot of the women there secretly had like deeply conservative husbands who worked as like financial guys and these, they were all like, you know, they just Do it because they feel like somebody has to promote what would be idealistic?


I mean, that's what a lot of, like li I guess, I don't know. I mean all, a lot of people's view, it's just like this. Ideally, yes, they would be awesome, but some of 'em, it's just not practical. It's like, like I have friends that like will talk to me about like, will you guys have guns there in America? And stuff like that. And it's just dangerous. And why can't you guys figure that out? And people wanna have their guns. It's like there's no way to not have it. Yeah. The bad guys have guns already. It's too late. You can't get If. You do a gun drive. The good guys are just going to give their guns away. I know. You just have to have 'em, dude. And, What are you gonna call a policeman who does, if he doesn't have a gun, he's not coming to help you. He's done. Yeah, exactly What you think you're gonna drive by and honk at you guys while you're getting I know.


Beaten Or Shot in the yard. Yeah. You can't really do anything about it. But I I I do think, yeah, I think If you, but Ideally, yes, it'd be great if there were no like I wish there weren't. Right. But that has to go away quickly. Yeah. Because there are people shooting each other all the time. Oh yeah. The problem. So you Have to get past that idea. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're not gonna be able to, the, the technology chain gonna have to be an interchange 'cause the guns are there, criminals are gonna have 'em. And it's like, yeah. Like what? Do you wanna not have one when a criminal with a gun comes to You? Yeah. It'd be great. Or the government has to be the one who takes 'em. And then that's a whole other can of worms. 'cause it's like, we're not giving you my fucking guns. Fuck no, dude. Yeah. So it's a, you know,


I need to share with you something, and it's called BLUECHEW Baby. When you want to get that Randy really rocking. you know what I'm talking about. When you want to get that Rat La Tuck peek around Con Now Baby. you know what I'm saying? BLUECHEW, it's an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, ALIS, and La Vira, but at a fraction of the cost and in chewable form. Hmm. Which you chewing. Boy you going to see. You can even, sometimes I'll just chew half of one and just kind of relax and just, you know, just chase the cat around or whatever be be, be crazy. So does it work? Yeah. Do you think you need it? Well, you can discuss that with one of the licensed physicians. That's right. BLUECHEW. Once men rock hard, they told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house till every 10 pitched till every rod is raised. Discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BLUECHEW free when you use our promo code Theo at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's BlueChew dot com promo code THEO to receive your first month free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and importance, safety information. and we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring this podcast.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Skims or Alo or Allbirds, surely you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the business behind the business making, selling simple for millions of businesses. That business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret secret with Shop Pay that boosts conversions up to 50%. Businesses that sell more. Sell on Shopify the Secrets Out. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that Alo and Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash THEO, all lowercase. Just go to Shopify dot com slash Theo to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash t all lowercase.


It's a tricky thing, although I, you know, I it's a, right now, a lot of people are gloating on the libs. I don't wanna gloat on the libs. A lot of people are gloating on him 'cause Trump got elected. Yeah, me neither. I not, I don't not gloat on the S I'm not that I I'm not into that. No, I'm not into that at all. I think we're in, dude, how did the Ken Wilbur thing go by the way? Oh Yeah. Ken Wilbur, super interesting guy. He is the best take on this whole situation On the election Stuff. Culture, war, yeah. Stuff. Oh, I don't know if I talked to you about that. Really. It was a lot of listening and learning. Was it a lot of stuff. Yeah. We, we, but we worked together to make it as effective conversation as we could. Nice. But it was really cool just learning about like, his philosophy of how, like we're, as a, as a species, we are evolving and as, and over time we're just advancing.


Yeah. So how those affect you personally and how, and, and, and how you fuck I Dunno dude. Well, his thing is no dude, so it's fucking Did he get into like how there's like Archies and Some of it, There's like cells and cells turn into like, organisms, organisms turn into humans. Yep. And you know, blah blah, Blah. Yeah. We started going up the chain of command. Right. And then also how we're advancing as, and Our worldview are doing the same thing. Right. Where we had like, you know, like medieval rulers into democracies and then the libs are the leading edge of cultural evolution where it's like the, everything's being more and more inclusive physically and worldview, you know, in terms of worldview. Yeah. It's just the libs lost the plot or the, they call it the green wave lost the plot because they include everybody, but like, you know, Trump, white type Trump voters.


Yeah. And the whole thing's collapsing in on itself. All they have to do is just love everybody. Yeah. And they'd have the commit, they'd have the superior worldview. It's a good point actually. I think a lot of people did. I mean, I don't know dude, I was a Democrat, but I mean, like I got so angry when they did that stuff to Bernie, you know, like Yeah. I mean, my dad was an old man, so I, to me it also registered like somebody taking advantage of an older person. Yeah. So that shit, like, at that point for me, I was just like, what's going on here? And then I, I am super concerned about like, the big pharma and medicine just using us all Yeah. And not caring that we're human beings. Like Yes. There's a lot of medicine that's helping people, but also like everybody shouldn't be on a, on a medicine.


Yeah. you know, and there's Some commercials for medicines. They don't even say what it does. Yeah. Then you look it up and it's like, it's for like heart failure. And you're like, why the fuck are you, this is a baseball game, dude. I'm not gonna be like, yo, can I get that heart failure medication? Yeah. You have to request it. The wheelchair gum or whatever. There's all kind of shit now you're like, who, what the, what do we even need that for? Yeah. But yeah, that's, that's the, that's the big standoff right now. It's like, so I Liked RFK, he was kind of the guy that I thought was neat. Me too. I'm biding to him. Yeah. I like the fact that he's doing all that stuff against all those things. And then I think, I don't think we have the same parties anymore. I don't feel like it's Democrats and Republicans anymore. There's something else happening. Yeah. And it's gonna keep morphing. Well that's the Wilber stuff. Is that the green? It was like orange is like the business science wave and the green wave was the one, it's like, in terms of worldview, you could have like what he called red was like ethnocentric.


That was what he called Trump. It's like, it's, it's things that speak to like ethnocentric ideals where people get to the point where they can only recognize like people that look like them, they can only care about people who look like them. Which is like a reality for a lot of people. Oh yeah. All across the world. It's like, you know, it every country's nature and every country's like, we have the best food, we have the most beautiful, everybody you know, does this. And then his whole theory is that you slowly grow out of it to more complex and inclusive worldviews. But it was, again, it was like that the thing that crushed like the, like the what? George Peter George and Peter or Peter, what the fuck's his name? Json. Peter. Json Peterson. Jordan Peterson. Jesus Christ. His whole thing we calls like postmodern neo Marxism is that green wave. Ken Wilber talks about where it's like the leading edge where all the colleges are like radical inclusivity, but all they have to do is go Trump guys, you're cool too.


It's all they have to do. They can't do it. And now the whole thing's just imploding on Itself's. That's what makes you start to think. Do they just hate like white men? Wait for me, it's like in, in three generations, it's like I always say like beige power. Like everybody's gonna be beige. Right. For three generations. Everybody's gonna be like, you know, Ben Simmons, Blake Griffins, you know, penguin people, you know For sure. you know for sure. Mixed. Yeah. And so in, it's just kind of weird. How do we wanna operate that in the meantime? Right. Exactly. But then I think when people get scared, especially with like threats of war fears, they start to, they want to gravitate towards whatever is they are seemed like their people. Right?


Yeah. Prison prison's the same thing. You go to prison and everyone's ba you know, it's all like based on race and all that stuff. Yeah. And then, but, but everybody is a Jelly Roll fan, you know? True. That's true. That's True. Just pretty crazy. Well, it, dude, it's, it's like Yeah. What they, where they felt, you know, this is like If, you didn't, the Wilbur, it's hard to explain without like seeing the Wilbur thing, but it's like If, you take what they, what's called like a lib or a, you know, a postmodern neo marx, whatever they, you wanna call it. Like, people who are, you know, like a radical feminist. They built their, their thing was right in being like, we should be nice to everybody. We shouldn't be mean to gay people. We shouldn't be mean about race. Yeah. They're totally correct. The problem was they went and the reason everything's so bad, they're like, we hate racism in every form, every type of discrimination.


And it's all because of white people. And it just like went right back downward. Now you're just being racist in a more sophisticated fashion. Right. And that's the whole thing. That's why it's not, if it's a truly like visionary and leading like, kind of like evolutionary tip of like our spiral upward into like complexity and greater wholeness, people would get on board. Right. Maybe It. That's the next step. That's what I'm the next step is like being like, okay, here's all the good stuff from your worldview and we're gonna apply that to everybody. And rather than being like, this is the reason everything's fucked up is because blah, blah, blah. 'cause it's like, Yeah. And that's another thing. I mean, Trump, that's one thing that kinda gets worried, worried about Trump is like, is he gonna be a, is that, is the pointing fingers? Is that shit end? you know, is that kind of end?


And so it Is for now, but it's like I think they're getting RF K's smart where he's kind of like, I don't want to part participate in any of this stuff. Yeah. And hopefully he'll kind of get up in his ear. 'cause it, I mean, it it is so sweet slamming the libs I will give it is there's, I get like a, when I see the libs get owned, I do, there's Party And. what is the Libs? The liberals? Yeah. It's just like, there's like on the internet, like liberals owned liberal slam and it's like you watch, they do those like, you know how they do those like 25 students versus like Ben Shapiro? Yeah. That's like slamming the lips porn where it's like him just like taking on 19 year olds and like, actually you don't know anything about that. And then the, everyone's just like, tell him Ben fucking crushed the lips. And I will, there's a dark part of my heart that's like, yes. When I watch that Ben sitting, there's got that hair wallet on.


Dude. They did one of them where they make people run to the chair to tap the chair so that they get the chance to debate him. And it's, dude, it's embarrassing. People are like tripping over themselves to hit the chair and be like, actually Ben, I think you're a fucking ass asshole. and he is like, next. And I'm like, dude, don't run to the chair. You're an adult. You're like diving for it. Yeah. Just to be like, actually Ben If, you ever threw it? It's like, so I'm, I've been trying to remove I know I have a bias towards that. And I, I've been trying to like, remove that from my YouTube. Oh, Watching that stuff. Yeah. Not that, that stuff. I'm like, whatever on. But it's like I will watch like news clips we're like, liberals meltdown about, and I'll be like, well check this out. And I'll be like, ha. Yeah. I some, I've been trying to erase that because I'm like, it's not good. It's not, it's not good. It's not good. And it's just Stupid. Yeah. I don't, I mean, I don't know. I don't care.


like I just want, like I don't know. Some shit just started to get really weird. I I, I think Well Kamala wouldn't come on podcast. Right. I thought that that was weird. It was like, and we asked and they said, well, do you guys give final edit? Right. And they asked, did Trump ask for final edit? you know? Did he? No. They didn't ask for anything. They shouldn't, dude, they didn't ask for anything. JD Vance showed up, dude, there were snipers on the ice. I, I stayed up late like trying to get some questions together and think of some things. Yeah. and we invited everybody. Those were the, them BERNIE SANDERS and Mark Cuban came on. He was very much like a democrat or Yeah, he For democrat.


Yeah. Yeah. He, but he gets something I didn't realize he gets, if if they won, he get, there's a business incentive, you know? Yeah. I didn't realize that some of these things I'm learning as I go. Right. It's Typically with billionaires. Yeah. When they're like, when they're involved in politics, it usually is to like, yeah, I didn't realize that. I'm like, oh, people aren't just out there hoorah for no reason. No. There's some reason. Yeah. He's not freaking out over like band books and schools. He is like, I need you to, you know, build a railroad from here to there, whatever the fuck he's up to. Yeah. But we had common ground and like, just different thoughts and stuff and definitely inspiring to be able to talk to people like that. But I wo so I wake up that morning and it was like an hour until the thing, and I was like, I gotta get in the fricking ice bath. I gotta make sure I'm in a decent mood. Get high. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Try to do something to get hyped. Right. Do you get spun out when you have level, like guess of that high profile?


Yeah, man, I get fucking, I get crunched, dude. I, I can't handle it, man. We get RFK on. I could barely like formulate a sentence. Wow. And neither can he though, which is great. you know, that's a joke, Bobby. He'll laugh at It. He will, he'll laugh At it, dude. Watch. Suddenly he fucking fixes his own voice. Dude, that's bro. If he did That over, dude, it's over. It's over. And it's dude and it's like, yeah, I imagine he is such, he'd be such, he's such an electrifying speaker and thinker anyway, but yeah, it's, that works against him. He's been in it. Yeah. Yeah. But so, but I wake up, there's fucking, I go in the ice bath, there's like secret service ever. They had drape, put drapes, black drapes in front of the house. Right. Damn. They shut down. Exits off the interstate.


I had no idea. You shut down the whole city, bro. I had no idea. There's snipers on the roof. On the roof. Full tactical gear. I'll put pictures in the YouTube, Holy shit. And then, oh, my neighbor. Right? I fucking look at my phone. He's like, what the fuck? What's up? Are you? and he, then he put blank, like just underlines. And I, they thought it was one of those things where like a suicide in the house. Like, like they were sending people in to get like, I was what? Taking my own life at home. Yeah. That's how He asked you If, you killed yourself. He said, are you, Well, he'd sent like four messages. And so at that point he, oh, I got Gotcha. Because I, it was like already 11. Yeah. I'd slept in, I was up till probably three just like getting my questions ready.


So I was like, I have to make sure I sleep. And oh my God. He's like, dude, we were so scared, man. He is like, 'cause we saw them like, they thought they were repelling into the home. Oh. And it was like, What? You thought I killed myself? What the fuck, dude? Yeah. We just assumed you fucking killed yourself. So Yeah. That's, oh, and they had a van outside that some weird term on it, like threw people off. Yeah. Was the black curtains around your house would be, Yeah. I think people thought, but that's what people thought. That makes sense. That kind of makes more sense. Sense. Actually It was morgue esque, you know? Yeah. It was like So gruesome that they were like, we gotta, But they also had this like Stan's bakery van or so like, it was definitely, they kind of like play this old cat and like, what is kind of fucking happening here?


That's crazy. It was super crazy. Dude. Stan's bakery used to have snipers and like, yeah. We just gotta get these cupcakes in. We'll be right. We'll be right back. Yeah. There's some wake treats. Yeah. Just so there's a viewing of the body. Hey, first come, first serve guys. Dude, that was crazy though. That was one of the craziest things that had ever happened. For sure. But he comes in and I was like, Hey man, thanks for coming. I was like, you know, just wanna let you know we don't have any, we're not like a gotcha type of show for sure. you know, just looking forward to having a nice conversation, which is what I tell anybody. Yep. And he's like, whatever man. It's all good. Yeah. Let's, let's have a chat. And that was it. And it was fun, you know?


Yeah, man. I mean, it was interesting. Yeah. I feel bad. Everyone's so still hyped up about this stuff. I honestly think If, you look at it. I know. I hate when people lose anything. you know? It's tough when there's a winner and a loser. Dude, I was in a, I was in the grocery store the day of, I guess like the ha he got elected the night and then, you know, and like three in the morning or whatever. Like he won at three in the morning. And then I was in the grocery store the next day and they have like magazines in the grocery store. This magazine was just Kamala or Kamala. And it was just a picture of her. I didn't even know what magazine it was. It was just her name and her. I got like, real sad for her. I was like, damn, dude, that's so, if I like just lost and I saw like a magazine with just me on it, I'd be, I'd cry. Yeah. So I felt pretty bad for her. I was like, damn, that really sucks for that lady.


She just, I mean, that dude that I, people they've spent I think a billion dollars on the campaign. It just shows you that it's must they're, but also then if that's the tr if save, okay. They spend that much on the campaign. Right. Both these sides spend a ton of money. Oh Yeah. But if the, if there's just like these powers in the background doing things, it's just like, why would they, if it's not even real, say the office isn't even, you know, it's just for show. Sure. It just seems like you wouldn't waste that much money. So there must really be, I think there is, man, I think there really is, you get in and it's like power in it. It's just teams. Yeah. It's like you're on this team, this is on that team. you know, could it all be organized? It's like, that would be pretty elaborate to, you know, like set it all up when you can reality just be like, yeah, we're, you know, we're putting this guy in.


Have they could just have the coolest guy ever just Come up Right. Every Time and just be like, yo, we love this guy. And they can meanwhile just be doing whatever. But yeah, dude, I think I, I guess it all is real. you know? I think it's, it's real. And they just, there's like groups and lobbyists and certain pa I don't, I don't, that's where I kind lose it. Where it's Like, it was interesting. That's for sure. And I'll, I'll I'll say, who made the whole thing happen? Oh, Kamala reportedly spent a hundred thousand dollars on building a set for her appearance on call her daddy. Like, Dude, Why? Here's the setting question. So they rebuilt, they rebuilt their own set, I guess. Well, 'cause they wanted, I think a host to come to her. So I think she didn't want to go anywhere. So she built the set. But I wonder if she has, that's Such a, I mean, you know, that's just kind of weird.


It's like, just go there. Right. I wonder if she may have a thing where she doesn't like going, like, sometimes I don't like sleeping at people's houses or whatever. you know what I'm talking about. Wonder if she has that. She can't shit anywhere else but her house. Maybe. Could be. Which is where people should stay. People who were true. Like transient, shitting. Hey man. Amen. Sorry. You're right. I agree though. But I always want to be home. That's my thing. I always want to be, I'm getting a little, I was like pretty guarded about that, but now I'm like, just letting it rip. I've been flying more. So I'm just kind of like, whatever man. But I, I do agree. Home is where it's where the heart is truly. like I do wanna shit at home every time. Yeah. I agree with you there.


You should get more po like you should get like money back or something. If you shit at home. You should, you should, dude. Right. You should be a tax writer. Like a credit or something. Yeah, because it is, it's dude. Just, I also, the, the, the violence of shitting that's occurring in airport bathroom. It, it's like, it's upsetting. People are shitting so hard in those. I, we, I mean we, I don't know why we're back to this, but, Oh, people are shitting at top speed. It's crazy, dude. That's the craziest thing to me to ever, is when somebody shit's at full blast speed. Like, are you outta your mind? You're gonna hurt yourself. Dude, I I, from what I like I hearing, you're gonna hurt yourself guy from, I'm hearing in public bathrooms, most people are are in there just having like, religious experiences just being there.


It's like, ugh. Yeah. Like full ayahuasca dumps. They like blowing it out. It's crazy. Wow. Just slinging disciples outta your butt. Everyone's fucked up, dude. Ugh. They need Bobby Kennedy to get all the crap outta the food dude. Shitting to death into the bathroom. But bro, how I, there's also a part of me that I feel like, do you think we can get more together or do you think we should just have two Americas? Do you think? No. 'cause dude, we're, we're like, people don't realize it, but the parties are rubbing off on each other so much. Like now, like on like, well, Most people want the same stuff. Most people do. But I'm saying like, the Republicans now have been so, like, let's say conservatives are so annoyed by liberals that now they're like going out of their way to be so not racist.


Like, oh yeah, you think we're racist? Check this out. We're gonna employ like 47 black dudes now. How do you, like they're doing it almost like I mean, I'm not saying they're doing it despite them, but it's like they have gotten just way more inclusive. Like every, you know, like the conservatives and, and everything. Four. It was like only, pretty much only all white guys. Now there's a lot of different people in like, the conservative movement. Oh yeah. So it's like the liberals bring stuff up, the conservatives like, shut the fuck up. And then they actually do kind of do a lot of the stuff, but, you know, not even realizing, I guess. Yeah. So they're kind of both like bouncing each other. But people, you know, they're all just caught up in like the, like the primal and tribal aspect of it. But it's like things are going pretty fucking well, dude. Oh, first, you know, white House chief of staff in history. Yeah. Dude.


Like all this stuff is happening. 'cause it's like, they're like all that's Amazing. Susie Wiles and She's Pat Summerall. John Madden's, former broadcast partners daughter. Oh, interesting. Yeah, dude, I'm telling you, once we just like stop the nonsense of like bitterly arguing about everything. It's gonna be pretty chill. Yeah. Ben Carson, I think he's gonna put back into, I like some of his ideas. B Carson. Yeah. That guy's kind of cool. He's like a surgeon. Oh, Rising. Sean Carson. Dude, that guy, guy Guy's got Dead asleep. Super. Yeah, Bro, I like the guy. His Blood, bro. He's got his blood pressure in his pocket end, bro. Who's the guy? It's just like a synth drum. His fucking, there's not much popping dude. The one dude I like Byron something.


He's a, he's a black conservative guy from Florida. Byron Davis. Byron, I think Byron. Is it Byron Davis? He's nice. That guy's I saw he was on the Breakfast club. No, not Byron Davis. He plays basketball. The Byron, he's a like a governor from there. He, that's my bro right there. Byron Donalds. Hmm. That's a, that's a good bro right there. Well it's, it is definitely interesting to see that everything's getting diverse. What was that tweet that Adam McKay had? I thought that that was something, when I read that, it resonated with me. I think. I don't know. But yeah, dude, like I said, it's like, I Have It one sec. Yeah, I, I do like I said, I think people are getting real doom and gloom, but it's like I, I, yeah.


I'm of the minority opinion. I think things are gonna get pretty sweet, actually. Yeah. Who would've guessed lying about Biden's Cognitive health for two years? That shit made me so mad, dude. Just taking advantage of an old man. Like, it's just not cool. you know what I'm saying? His family shouldn't have allowed it. I know, Dude. you know, it's just not cool. 'cause then you're lying to him also, right? So you're Yeah. Placating him. Like you're just, you're using it just, it, it seems like cruelty to a human. Right. Refusing to a open conversation for a new nominee. Never mentioning public healthcare. Embracing fracking and year long slaughter of children in Gaza. That's, that to me was one thing. It definitely was like, Yeah, they blew it so hard. I mean, again, If, you were some Of the stuff, I don't know, but the children and Gaza thing.


And I think just taking advantage of Biden, it, it just felt like, is this party really doing this? Or are they, what's happening here? Well, it, like, all they had to do was she, if she could have came out and be like, bro, we all saw it. Dude's old as hell. you know, let's not like every pretend Like He wasn't, let's not fucking, and said that. She was like, he was fine. I'm like, well why did they take him out? Mm. I was like, you can't do that. Yeah. All they had to do. Like obviously the dudes fucking going nuts and getting old. Come on, let's move on. They, they, it was just, it's a bummer. They were just lying. you know when someone's lying and you're like, dude, you're bullshitting me. Right. It was just that and everyone could see it. And it was just like, and now too with I, you know, not to, you know, fluff the podcasting too much. But it's like now they can't go on like the sound buddy.


Little things. They have to go sit down and like, answer actual questions. And people now, like I didn't know. I couldn't tell what interviews were edited when I was younger. Now people are like more savvy about media. So they're able to be like, oh that's, that was a weird jump. They, they cut something out. They go, well here's the whole thing. Yeah. So now you have to be able to sit down and actually communicate rather than like hitting talking points and like engineering, you know, people's ideas on things. Do you think that Rogan's endorsement helped Trump win? Or do you think it had any effect? I don't, it didn't hurt, but I, I think it, I didn't hurt but hit just what he does, I think helped him win for sure. Just like having, setting a standard where like politicians now have to go sit down for an at least a two hour conversation.


Yeah. 'cause really what he did over the past years is just investigate him and he asked so many questions about everything to all types of people. So you learned so much. and He iss he's not a gotcha guy either. So he's good at just being like, look, help me understand this. And that's when people really get kind of flushed out where it's like, if they're not making sense and you know, he's, he's pretty adamant about like, I don't get that. That doesn't make sense. you know, I'm, I'm a weak interviewer. I'll be like, okay, I think it won't make sense. Like, yeah, that's cool. I get burnt out. I get exhausted. He's, dude, I was in there yesterday and it was like, I was just like, I feel like I've been kind of losing my mind this week. Really? Yeah. I don't Know what was going on. I just was like, get like a lot of paranoia. It's the worst. Yeah.


And I dunno if I met, I don't know if I missed a day. I like I. Don't know what happened, but I was like fucking thought I was going crazy yesterday. It's kind of crazy when we have days when you start asking people like, am I okay? you know? That's a weird Thing. Yeah. Yeah. That is. It's so hard to explain. But I'll just be like walking sometimes and I'll just get like a feeling where I'm like, bro, I'm fucking losing it right now. And it's like, that is the worst. You're Like, yeah. And just kept spend the whole day. And it was like, the whole day was like that man. And then I had to go in there and I felt very nervous. Oh God. So then you felt like you're under a microscope. Yeah. And yeah, just What do you, what do you do to keep yourself kind of on the square? Is there like a, any kind of program or is it just Kind of Yeah, you usually go to AA meetings. That helps.


Yeah. Do yoga. I got, I got, I, I got hurt a couple like a month ago. Some guy squeezed me after a football game I was in when Vanderbilt beat Alabama. I was there and this guy just squeeze me so much. What? And then all the players, some guy on the sidelines? No. Yeah. Some devout just brother had really squeezed me. I mean like I was a fucking, like he was gonna brush his teeth with me right after That. Sucks. He got it. Yeah. I was just like, ah, Where? Where'd to get you Over? Here's Rib. Oh Fuck. Yeah. But Then all the players had just won and they were like, and they were, and then everybody squeezed me, dude. Yeah. They're fucked. So you couldn't do the yoga For like Yeah. For weeks. And so then my mental starts going down. Yeah, that's us right there.


Yeah. That's pretty safe. Cheryl Junior right there. I believe. That's amazing. Dude. We got that coach. Clark. Lee. Oh, that's Skinner Jr. Right there. Damn. I think it's pretty heavy too, man. Those coolers aren't Yeah. A decent amount of water in it. Nice. Well you have to leave too Clark. We got him. He's cool. That's awesome. Pretty fun. That's fucking awesome. Damn, you just got squeezed by the strongest dude in the country. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's what happened. And then so yeah, but anyway, I'm, yeah, I'm not whining about it, but it's just like, you can't do anything bro. You go to open your refrigerator. Yeah dude. And that suction on the refrigerator. Oh, That hurts dude. Yeah, when your ribs are fucked up, it hurts to breathe. Every breath you're like, fuck. Yeah. And then you're pushing on the side of your body while you're doing everything. Nah. So you're walking around Like this all day, like you're fucking like one of those guys, Like putting away a pocket Watch or something.


Like in the twenties or whatever. Like that little handicap peanut that they fucking sent out there. Yeah. And you, and there's nothing you can do when your ribs hurt. There's no like sling or you can just, you have to, no. And yoga is just so much breathing. Every breath you'd be like, and then you do like the, like this thing you, ugh, that would hurt. So yeah, just that. It just, and I was just kind of losing my mind dude. So then you go in there and you're like, am I saying crazy shit? Fuck dude. Started to get real paranoid. Yeah. I will say this though. I think the person that won that election, I think the person that changed it was Dana White. Really? Undeniably. That's why do you think that Because he got Trump into podcasts. He made it happen. Okay. Yeah. He He did it.


Yeah. He is just you. He did that. Yeah. That makes sense. He made that happen. Yeah, that makes sense. He was the one being like, you gotta do these. He's the one who like talked to Joe about it for years. It's been in discussion. Yeah. Because I don't think Joe Rogan was gonna do that. And then he did. Yeah. you know, and That put, that did kind of push it. I think that helped actually. Yeah. Dana made all that happen. Dude, it got like, that was the thing too. It was like just YouTube If. you wanna look at YouTube views. That's kind of like I. Don't know if that like works with polling, but it's like the Rogan Trump episode. I don't, what is it at like 30 million? I know it was, it was at like millions quickly the call, call me daddy or whatever that podcast with Kamala was like I don't know.


If it had a million, it did. I I think it might have 47 million right now. 47 million If. you look up the call her daddy or call him daddy or whatever. Or call me daddy. Excuse me. I call her daddy. There you go. It got 800, 12,800, 12,000 Re But that's just a clip. Now here's the problem with call her daddy is Not bragging my YouTube specialty better. That's fair. I'm kidding. But that's what I'm saying. That's, that is a gauge of public interest. And it's like, public interest in my opinion, probably translates to voting. I, I think, I don't know. Or at least people coming to experience the person, you know? True. you know? Yeah. Definitely. Interesting. Well you can't watch the full episodes because they're on serious. Is that right?


Serious? Yeah. They only put A clip. Yeah. So you can't see the full episodes of these podcasts either. So you don't know what really Well, You know, I wish her the best. I'm not like, yeah, that's the thing. I'm like, I fucking hate that lady. I'm like, I felt sad. I didn't, I personally didn't really want her to win. 'cause I was just like, you know, I, I think Trump will probably maybe stop the wars faster. It's my hope. But, well I just, I don't know. I, I just, I don't know what's happening. I feel like there's a changing of these parties because big time you have former Democrats who are now Republicans, but they'd also don't even get along with half of the people in office. Yeah. People are sick of politicians overall.


Big time APAC and lobbyists like have infiltrated what it seems like politics overall. It's like for sure. And people, you can't hide the information from people anymore. Yeah. Well dude, the weird thing was, is like, they started like the, the Democrats started being like, I mean George Bush was great and like, you know, Cheney and all that stuff. And it's like, why? Why are they pumped on them? It was, that to me was just weird. Where it's like there are, it's all dark. And then I think at the last minute they started being like, yeah, we actually want strong boarders and all that stuff too. Just 'cause they were like, this is working. So, you know, it, it's, I think it's all part of a bigger process that is for the best. Where it's like, like you were saying, the Republican party's totally different, like way different, remember like 19, like 95.


It was like, it was, it was like send people to jail for fucking, you know, 30 years for crack and all this stuff. And now it's like we should get some of these guys outta prison. you know, which, which everyone's doing now. Yeah. But that's because of like a liberal worldview and that's been kind, They gotta get a couple more brothers in the party too, I think. I Think. Oh, it's common dude, I think it's coming. But here's the thing too, it's like, so you have like the liberal people being like, yeah, we shouldn't send people to jail for having crack on them for 40 fucking years. And then you're like, yeah, that's a good idea. But then with the immigration thing, it's like I. I personally have no problem with immigrants, but it's like you can only have so many, like that's a reality, right? It's just having A big party. You can't invite the whole city to your party. Yeah. It won't work. So the same thing happens with the border and it's a shame 'cause people wanna escape, like, you know, crushing poverty.


But the Republicans are right in that you can't like, and it's like if you're like, just thinking on a human level, you're like, I don't want to like kick some guy out or have some guy come against the wall and be like, get the fuck back to The country. Of course not. But you do have to do that. But you also, I think there's ways you can do it in an organized pattern. Yeah. True. So you're properly vetting people. And then they used to have a system where people could serve. They could, you could almost adopt a homeless person or whatever who came across the border and you were their sponsor. That's Cool. I'm, I'm super That's good idea. So then you as a member of your country Right. Or that you were born into Sure. It's a blessing. Right. Easy for us to say that. But then you get to be part of the, of immigrate, you know, it's like there's an actual connection there.


Yeah. So, you know, I don't know. That's A good, I like that idea though. Yeah. It's easy to just say stuff. Let's change the topic. What else can we talk about? But I was saying too, then you can kind of like set them up in like contest against each other. Oh yeah. Make them fight. Well people have had that. I've heard that material fight of like doing like a American Ninja Warrior to come over the border. That would be nice still. Yeah. I was saying If, you had like, if I adopted a guy, you adopted a guy. Yeah. We could kind of make them compete. Yeah. Like battle box for The, for the glory of our houses. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be so sick. That'd be awesome. And look at fun way You know what I mean. Totally. And you raise money for helping people that are coming over. Exactly. Fuck winner's, family comes over.


Yeah. Losers. Family pays. That'd be a great dude. I had this idea for a game show. Right? So check this out. It's, you get two like, kind of lifeguard chairs, right? And you have, you put like, kind of cellophane, like, kind of like some light blue plastic around 'em. Right. You can still see through it. Okay. And at the bottom of the, at the bottom is a scale. Right. And you get two guys who have eaten for like a week, haven't gone to the bathroom. Whoever can do the most poop at, in a given amount of time wins a car or so maybe not a car, maybe a motorcycle. Dude, that's an awesome game.


So you're inside the lifeguard chair, you're wrapped in blue. What's the blue wrapping? Just to kind of contain, 'cause you don't have to see it. You don't wanna see like, that'll gross people out. But If, you see the scale going up or something. It'll at least excite people. You don't think the Viewers at home are gonna see the pile? I think you wanna be able to see it, but you wanna see it vague. You want it to be like opaque, like Yeah. I see. Just like a general shape. Yeah. Have like a, like a frosted glass over something. Yes. That's what I mean. Frosted glass. That would be nice. Yeah. That's a great show. Thanks man. That Is a fantastic show. Onto the scale would be nice. I recently just did a thing where you, you have to poop at home and then like scoop it and mail it to get like results to see like what they think of your body. Are you talking dude? I swear to God you can do that. You can mail it, can mail to, I dunno, like a scientist.


You're fucking science teacher. You send that shit a scientist. You just send it to a scientist and they're like, oh My God, look up, Bro. This is incredible. You've been Fucking compromised, homie. You're mailing poop of your own to someone. I did. Yeah. How much I wanna see it on my micro dude, I, that was the thing. I thought you did a whole turd. You, you they like give you a, like a thing to put on your toilet paper or they put a thing, you get it on your toilet. It's like a paper thing that sticks and it has like a little like, you know, like the dick part of your boxers? Yeah, it has like that, but for a turd. Oh wow. So there's this thing. Yeah, it's like that. And then it catches it and then you have to like scoop. I thought you just picked the turd up and put it in a jar. But no, you scoop like the smallest amount and then you put it in, like shake it up in a solution.


And then They just tell you like, what's up with your microbiome? Damn. Tell you like, if they think you're chill or not. That was what it was. It was, it Was that one. What did they tell you where your stepdad lives? Like, we'll tell you. Yeah. I don't know man. I, I, I also think a lot of this stuff too, after doing it, I think it's just a, a way for companies to sell you vitamins. 'cause they can be like, based on this we recommend X, Y, and Z. Right. And once you've made, once you, you Yeah. You almost wanna buy it. So they don't tell anybody about your poop. I feel like you'd be like, don't tell anybody about poop. True. I'll buy the vitamins. True. Like, yeah. Let's keep this between us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh dude. If they could be like, yeah, that guy. Oh, we had his poop. We smelled, I, I guess we, me, me and Brittany sent him in at the same time and my test was run first and I kept telling her that they opened her vial and it shut down the left.


I was like, yeah. That whole place had evacuate. They sent me an email, so they opened yours. That's love, dude. That's a fun, that's a fun one. That's a good thing about having a wife too. You can just bother them constantly And do cool stuff like that. Take shits. Yeah. Shit in the tubes and mail it. And just both wait for your shit test. It's kind. That was kind of fun. Yeah. That's like jumping over the broom or whatever. In some cultures. Yeah, exactly. Wow. Dude, I, were we just talking about medicine? Yeah, I think so. Well, we got off the politics stuff, so we're off. Yeah, we probably should have, huh? If you feel like people are over it. But it's also, it's like, oh, what was I gonna ask you? Do you think, oh, look at this, this like a new slave or whatever.


This is like the Tesla thing, bro. Wow. Yeah, dude, I don't know. Elon rolled out some bots too. What the heck? Yeah, that's a slave. Where is that? This in Virginia. Is it? It's, that's like I am not getting that Dude looks like Portuguese. Yeah. That's like a different country dude. Yeah. Tesla. Tesla or Musk. Oh boy. I would like a little robo lawnmower though. I'll be honest. Damn. Look at that guy. Rip. Dude. Dude, That'd Be, that'd Chill. So crazy. They Should keep the bots like R 2D two. They shouldn't give them like legs and arms and shit. Yeah, you're right. Actually. Well, you won't need these guys looking like people. 'cause then somebody's gonna start fucking them.


I mean, it, I it's already happened, I'm sure. Ugh. I like the way that think he's caught right There. That's savage. But then your kid will like, you're like, mow the yard. Your kid's like going What? You, You know my thumb too. Yeah, That's True. Actually. That's kind of bullshit. Yeah, dude, I'm trying to think of what chores we had. Oh dude. It was ridiculous, man. Dude, what is, do you think it's weird, this is something that doesn't get talked about a lot is like, where do stepdads go when the divorce happens? you know, because they kind of don't get to see the kids anymore, you know? Oh, I didn't think about that. You're saying when you get, oh, you get divorced and you get divorced, you basically break up with the stepdad. I think they go back to like the apartment dude that's straight to an apartment complex That has a pool at it. Yeah. I th I think like the, I think the representative from an apartment complex comes and picks them up and like a black limousine takes them back and they just wait in queue to be stepdads.


Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. You never think about that. 'cause a stepdad gets involved in a kid's life for a couple years, for better or for worse. Yeah. But then they have to just pick Off peace out. I think some might stay kind of in, you know, I don't know. Is that weird though? Yeah, kind of. It depends. I feel like If, you knew the kid from when it was a baby. You should or just keep the phone line open. Like, bro, you can call me whenever you want, but yeah, I'm gonna go look for some, but like The first couple years you kind of check in and then you like, forget one year. It's gotta be feel weird. Yeah. Eventually. Or if there's a new stepdad, you can't be like, Hey, You gotta pass the baton and be like, he's a good boy. But do those stepdads meet somewhere and like have a, do They Yeah, they meet at Avaro in the, they meet at Avaro and they ly split a pizza and the guy gives the, the new stepdad, the la like the fifth slice.


and he, he has three. Hey, what's up? I'm Tom. 2015 to 2017. Yeah. Stepdad's like I. I kind of, It's unheralded you, there's not A Exactly. I I kind of wish I was able to experience it a little bit, honestly. Yeah. But you know, I, I, for real, I was always, I always assumed that was this like, bow would go for me. I was like, yeah, I'll just kind of kick around and eventually I'll just date a chick with kids and be a stepdad. But it didn't work out that way. So I honestly wouldn't have minded. It'd be pretty sick. Yeah. Sometimes I have a dream maybe that I, I'll meet a lady and she already has a kid maybe or something. Yeah, Man. Just get in there at like 10, you know, fucking mu That'd be awesome. 10 to old Straight. Yeah, I guess you're right. I guess you're right.


Six. Get out. I'm telling you, man, it's like the first fucking three years, there's just no sleep. You get all your good sleep, you just hop in at six. They just started remembering stuff. It's perfect. And it's just fun from then on. It's just fun. My buddy just had a, his third kid and he's a black man and he has, and it's funny, the other guys were like, dude, you're not even a, you're not even a black dad until you have three kids. I'm like, that's crazy, bro. That's hilarious. Like, two kids are a black guy. That's nothing, bro. That's So funny's Child's play. So now he's official. Yeah, now he's really, yeah. Like, dang. All right. So you for real about it. He's really banging.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like it, the first two were just mix tapes. And this is like a real album He's finally signed. Yeah. What else? Any other thing else in the news going on or anything else? Dude, I Haven't even, I haven't been fucking following news. I don't know what's going on. I what else is going on with me? Do you know what I've been doing recently? I've been researching, so I've been reading autobiographies. That's my big, that's my big kick right now. Wow. I've just been trying to just study people's lives and see like, at the end of their life, what did they think was good? What did they think was bad? I only got through like once, well, I got through a couple actually, but dude, the, it's been cracking me up because I, Bertrand Russell was like this famous mathematician. Bertram Russell. Bertrand Russell? Yeah. Okay.


He wrote him and like Sky Whitehead wrote this like, big book called Princip Principia Mathematica, where they spent I think like 200 pages proving one plus one equals two. This was like the type of stuff he was on. Wow. Bizarre. Why? Just 'cause they, they were finding ways that you couldn't not prove it kind of thing. Well, people are coming through and like underlie. So apparently math under is like, there's like a, a pro, like a set of axioms that like you just have to assume is true. you know? And they want math. There's a bunch of people back in the day who wanted math to be able to like totally explain everything in the universe. It's just the way it is. But there is a aspect of faith in math where you have to believe the axioms. Right? So they were trying to just be like, check this out. And they just got real into one plus one in that book.


But he's apparently like a genius. And I read his, and I read the guy, you know, Angela's Ashes? Yeah. I read Hi. He has one called Tiz, that's his second Frank McCourt. So Angela's Ashes was his time in Ireland till he was 19. And then in 19 he moved to New York City in like the fifties. and he wrote another book called Tiz. That's from the 1950s to like, whenever the fucking eighties or whatever. But I've been like, I was reading those both simultaneously and like, it's so funny how every male memoir is just a guy talking about how horny they were as a kid. It's, it's crazy. Yeah. Horny and want to kill themselves. Bertrand Russell and Frank McCort, like, I just wanted so fucking horny, dude. I just wanted to fucking kill myself. Yeah. Every, like, every, I didn't know every guy was just suicidal back in the day.


That's what I'm learning in my studies. A lot of guys are just fuck, just wanna fucking kill themselves. Well, It used to be very poetic If, you killed yourself. Yeah. Remember it was very, there was like this Shakespearean like, I'm taking my life now. You're just like a, you know, you're just like a 13 reasons why fan or whatever, you know? But it used to be kind of, there was something very romantic about it in a way. Yeah. Well, yeah, you could like stab yourself with a sword. Now it's, you know, it's Pussy shit now it's overdose and or whatever. Yeah. It's Like, come on, Come on. Yeah, It is boo Boo. Go back to the drawing board. That's dude, This guy, first person to use Switzerland suicide pod found with Strang. And where are these at? Are they're not the airport, are they That the airport would actually be, your flight got canceled.


Just be like, nevermind. Just walk right into the suicide pod. Just end it. Oh, that's ex bro. That I Was found with strangulation marks on her neck following the death of the 64-year-old American woman. Multiple people. Oh, this was Terrible. Including Dr. Florian Willett, the president. They said a woman used it, but they also found strangulation marks. Yeah. What's that about? So, so it sounds like maybe they only put her in for a couple minutes death. Yeah, but the, it says, why would she have marks in her neck if she If? you get maybe she, she might have attempted. Oh, she Was trying to like help it or something. Or maybe she like tried to do the old ceiling and like the, something gave away and she's like, I'm gonna hit the pod. There Was some malfunction and she, the guy was heard saying six minutes after the process started that she's still alive.


Oh. So I think he had to, Oh, he choked her out. Because I guess If you go that far. If she lives, she would Yelp. The product is no better. She yelp The pod. Yeah. Two stars still alive. Boo. Eating breakfast right now does Not work with my lame ass kids and husband right now did not taste the sweet release of death. Awkward ride home. Husband's like, what are you doing back? I thought you were killing yourself today in the pod. Oh shit. He's already got a new girl over. He's already on r listening to Zach. Bryan. Damn, dude. They, so I, I, dude, that shit freaks me out, man. When they do those. But, but You do it. I've been at an airport, dude, and If, you miss your le I'm like, I'll fucking go to heaven Did you.


I'm not, I'm not waiting. Yeah. Fuck Akron, send me to heaven. You put me in that bitch. Like, I've been that furious at a point where it's just like, I'll just, let's just shut it down. Yeah. There's no more room for your baggage. And you're like, oh, you know what? I'm gonna take the pod. I don't know. I'm not gonna go walk five seats back and try to go in, in oncoming traffic, get my bag back. I'm gonna take to the pod. If it doesn't work, you have permission to choke me. That's Crazy. That guy had to just be like, Yeah. He is like, oh shit. Ugh. Couple of kinks, man. Just don't mind Me. That'd be nice if the pod just like walls came in and just crushed you. Oh, it like, put you into a dizzying state and then it just Vacuum sealed you. Yeah, Exactly. Just, just Sucked you up.


I'd have like a little soda with me. It just dried you out. But yeah, that, I don't like that, man. I don't like when people, again, it's like if you're If you have like terrible, painful cancer or there's like nothing they can do. I get it. But like, that guy looked all right. Was he just modeling the tube or is he actually Drawing? Yeah, he's just the model, I guess they obviously do not have a, there's no budget for the model. I'll say that. you know. Well, I think it was, It was a woman that used it. She had cancer and she wanted to go use it and They just hooked her up. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, But here's the thing. That's the one product, like Coca-Cola and all those, like, they have like beautiful people always like drinking coke. You don't have like, they're gonna have like beautiful celebs like laying in there.


That's true. Right. They're gonna try to, they wanna show you someone who looked like that guy. I was like, yeah, I can see that. Yeah. This guy's got like, no muscle mass. Fucking pants are sagging. I can see him just adding in 76. Hey Kyle, let me get in that in there. Just smoking. Like, bro, that would be the best. Some dude's fucking in There. I'm gonna get one from my house if my kids piss me off. I'm like, I'm I'm gonna go to the pod. Yeah. Daddy's gonna the suicide pod If. you guys don't clean your fucking room. I'm gonna fucking turn myself off, Bro. That'd be crazy, man. Yeah. Put them in there and be like, you guys wanna fuck around. You Guys wanna party? Huh? Scare 'em. I wouldn't yell. Set that thing for 30 seconds just to freak 'em out. Just microwave 'em for a second. Like, yeah, couldnt Breathe. Well, some lady oven themselves at a Walmart.


You see that? No. Some lady wandered into an oven. I don't, they were doing, was it, was it hiding ghost seek or what happened? Wait, We're pulling it up. But there was a, a woman got stuck in one of the industrial baking ovens at a Walmart, I Believe. What? And I believe she passed away, right? Yes. From the gas or she burned herself up From the burning. Oh. Or cooking, let's say burning. We don't know what Happened. Cooking. She gr Or, you know. Oh, she was 19. Oh yo, please say the investigation is complex. That's unreal. Oh, The walk-in. So this, they bake like multiple cakes at a time In Canada. Yeah. I guess they have a walk-in oven. That's not a good idea. It'd be hard to stay out of it. I bet it smelled good in there, bro.


True. I mean, I This is harrowing. Yeah, Of course. But I'm saying that, that it is a fact that oven smelled delicious. Oh man. The woman who was an employee of the store was located a large oven. Oh. Important to notate investigation has not yet reached a point where the cause and manner of death have been confirmed. The investigation is complex. Hmm. Yeah. Dude, I did not, I I'm thinking like, there was a just a big oven on display and I was like, how the fuck did a lady walk into that? Yeah. Damn. Why do they fuck they have walking ovens? That's a terrible idea. It is, huh? It's Just feed 'em in there. Like pizzas just, you know, have like a big thing. You pull a wooden paddle and pull 'em out. People don't need those cakes. Dude. That didn't, that shouldn't have cost a human life. Yeah, those cakes are terrible. Yeah, this is, yeah.


You shouldn't, we don't need to walk into an oven. Oh, Dude. That's a terrible design. That's a horrible idea. Yeah, that's a, well, it's, look, that's it's an old idea. It's not the first, it's an old idea. And people should have not done that. Yeah. But it's like, it, it's almost like, oh, you now you need an oven. You open the door and it has like that, like the one of those signs that's on like, the ladder that's like, do not step here. Like, no shit. Dude. That's terrible Fucking oven. Yeah, man. I mean, oh. Oh dude, that is terrible. Someone throws you in there. That's what they're saying. That's what I'm saying, dude. Oh, That is not nice Because Yeah. How would you shut yourself in there?


I don't know. That's a mystery. Yeah. Complex. If I were writing that, I say, this is very complex. It's a mystery. And here's Yeah. What's this all about? What's this all about? This goes turn. Huh? This is nice. That's awesome. This is why you need other countries, dude. Yeah. People Are like, I. I don't like diversity. You're outta your mind. That's true. That guy is as diverse as it gets. You. Show me a honky that can do this. I mean, dude, it is what a blessing. If you're, I'm just, just assume this guy's like I don't know where, what country that's in. But any other time in history just being like a Yeah, a midget Born in like the third world again.


He could be in Palm Beach. I don't know where that guy's from, but he's pretending he's from another country. Yeah. Yeah. He, it would just be a pretty tough road. But now he can just make great viral content. I know. He just makes life good, man. Yeah. Three six. That's hilarious. Three Six. Are you in tires? The new season? Yeah. I have a small, a small role. Did. you wanna have a large role? Was that ever a conversation? You're good? No, no. I'm good man. I'm, I'm happy with everything if I get it. The fact that I was in it again, I was like, fuck. Yeah. So, and I, dude, acting is like so hard, man. Yeah. It's draining, dude. Just doing that every day. It's just like I work myself up into a tizzy doing just like two scene, like one scene, like from like the different angles and it's just like, Yeah, you're weight takes a lot of patience. So you sit there all day. Yeah. It, it's, but I, yeah, no, I'm, I'm always like, I'm kind of chilling, man.


I'm happy every the way anything's go. The fact that I'm not like stuck at a job that makes me miserable. I'm like, bro, anything that I can do, let me know. You know what I mean. I don't get like, caught up in the kind of like, should be better. Yeah. That was my, yeah. Played the cop last time. Yeah. My mom loved the show. She's so wild. She's like, have you seen this tires? Yeah, it is, it is funny. Like, She's like, I. I like it. I, I like put it on. And my, my daughter was like, uncle Shane, uncle. She freaked out. Uncle Shane's on tv. Uncle Shane's on tv. I was trying to find my part. I was like, daddy was on TV watching. I was like, I, can't fucking find it. Like, Boo, get in the oven. Get in the fucking oven. White dad, dude, your kids call you white dad.


That's crazy, huh? No, My, my daughter says I'm colored sand. She's like, dad looks like sand. I forget what you called her mom. That's all right. That's Pretty cool. Yeah, she's like, dad, sand. They didn't have that, but I, they're gonna get it now. All the schools, it'll, it'll all get, like, they'll start ramping that up. But, you know, we'll see. I'll tell, I'm just gonna hold it down to my daughter, be like, dude, for real. I'm, I'm black. Don't worry. Don't listen to the fuck that cool stuff. Did, you Wait. Yeah, I'm black as hell. This Is a fucking mirage, shorty. Just to get the loan on the house. Yeah, we'll see. But yeah, man, I, I, yeah, dude, I'm just pumped man. I'm like, you know, everything's going well. I'm like, again, I'm just biting my time to be a plain clothes school security. Wow. It'd be fun, huh?


I do fantasize about like a nice retirement job. Chill. Oh, I only teachs art. I would like to teach arts and and crafts. That would be cool. Nothing fancy paint wire things. Yep, yep. Those fuzzy long things. What are those called? Pipe Cleaners. Yeah. They'd be nice. Yeah. You can do whatever with those things. You just, they Put out a bag. We know we were fucking making some kid made a noose or whatever. You're like, yeah, he's doing good. But yeah, that's, you know, for me, I'm just been chilling, man. Just trying to keep myself afloat. Stay po It's, it's the embarrassing thing too. And like, things are going well. It's like I'll still get like bummed out and depressed. Yeah. And I'm always like, dude, you're such a fucking pussy. Shut up. So I've been trying to just like, be even keel and just, you know, just work on little projects and that's it.


Yeah. I think something that's normal too. It's, it is tough though. 'cause certainly people have things a lot tougher, you know, and it is tough too sometimes when your life is going good, it's like, not to let your ego start to take over. That's, that's a thing that gets really scary. Oh Yeah, dude. Because Your ego is just like this thing that kind of grows without you, you know, really knowing what's going on. You can be watering it without even realizing it, you Know? Oh dude, I, I, I was lucky to have like an ego boom, like early and it was like coming, looking back on it, it was like, really not nothing. It wasn't anything great. But at the time when I was like 24, 25, I was just making so much money selling weed that I was like, it dude. It went right to my head. Wow.


As soon as I made like a couple thousand dollars a week, I was just like, oh my god, I'm the fucking best. And you start Getting, you buy rings and shit. Start Getting, I was real low key about, I mean, right now that's the most rings I've ever worn right now. Mm. But the, yeah, dude, you just get, when you like that it happened to me and I got like, you start getting greedier and I was just like, I want more. Luckily I got wiped out financially like twice. And then that has like an evening, you get like up and back down you go. Okay. And it kind of brings you back to earth where you're like, yeah. Like don't, don't let that, anything like that get to your head or like, make you act different. And again, it's, it's embarrassing. It's like, dude, I was making two grand selling weed, but it's like, it was enough for me at such a young age to be like, I'm a, I'm the man. Everyone's a fucking idiot who can't do. Yeah. And it was just like, and then I came crashing and burning and I was like, all right.


Back to painting houses now with my friend. It really had like a, that for me. Oh dude. Yeah. It was surreal, an experience. And I was able to be like, okay, when things are going well, A, don't be a dick. And B, they might not always forever, huge chance it won't. So, you know, be grateful and just kind of like, you know, be nice and just try to help out. And don't get too, you know, self, how'd You get wiped out? How'd you get wiped out? Just losing money in the mail. I got robbed at gunpoint. I got, I like had like a couple stretches where like dudes I know to get fucked up on drugs and just kind of like dip out. I got robbed at gunpoint. I lost that. And then I mailed like, I think like $30,000 in the mail. And that got snagged by the postal police. No. Yeah. Dude, that was scary. I Like put 30 K in the mail.


Yeah. I vacuum sealed it and all that stuff. And And what you can, you just not legally move that much money. You're Not allowed to mail money like that. No. And what they do is they're like, come on in. Like, they were like, we will talk to you. And it was like, I wasn't, my name wasn't on it. It was like I tacked it on with my friend. And well, the trick is you can be like, I was buying a car, you know, blah, blah, blah. Did. you go in there Did, you wear a mustache or Anything. Fuck no dude. I was like, I just called a wash. I'm like, I'm not gonna the fucking post, you know, post mineral, post general mask or whatever it is. Is there A chance to get it back? If? you can prove it's legit. They're gonna be like, all right, where's your tax return out of us? So it was like, you can't, unless you had a legitimate, if I legitimately was doing it, I could be like, Hey, here's what I'm doing. I need that back. But it's, it's the last place you want to go in and be like, no, it's actually up to no good.


I Bet it's sitting there. Bet you go in there and talk to 'em at least. Yeah. Right. That's gone. You think they, oh my god. Yeah. They probably took it Of the postal workers, I would imagine the post. I mean, or they, they maybe, you know, they were like, here you go. But it's like, yeah, that was the big thing back then. It was just mailing weed. Wow. You would just get it to your house and write immediately write return to sender. Don't open it. 'cause what they do is either a, a guy in, like a officer pretends to work for the USPS and they come and deliver it. And what they were doing first, which kind of fucked 'em up. They'd be like, open the box right now. And you open it and be like, there'd be weed in there and you could just go, I don't know, I anyone could mail me anything. So they legally couldn't do anything. So what they started doing is they let you get the package. They wait like 10 minutes and then they come in.


'cause people usually get it and cut it right open. So what you have to do is you write return to sender, leave it in the corner of the room, wait about like an hour. And then you put it in your car and you drive towards the post office. So if they pull you over, you're like, I don't even know what this is. I'm taking the post office and If, you just kind of do a couple laps, someone's following. You go somewhere else and you cut it open. But it's like, that was the move. 'cause California would mail it over for just like pennies on compared to what it was on the East Coast. Wow. I thought I was the man. But then, you know, you Did you start buying anything Did, you buy a nice suit or something. I was very, very, I was like a Chinese triad. I would just, no, I didn't spend anything. I would like, would You start sleeping on your back or something? At least You know what I would. I would go on trips. I would do vacations. So I would like go away and like ball out like that.


But no, I didn't buy, I didn't buy cars. I didn't do any of that stuff. I kept it pretty low key. Were you go to Cancun or something? Yeah, I went to Hawaii. Yeah. Wow. I did a trip to Hawaii to the Four Seasons. It's pretty tight. Damn. So you were Bawling? I was balling out. Yeah, I was bawling. But then again I lost it all. And then you go from like, you know, enjoying the, the perks of that to like, I'd be happy if someone gave me 50 bucks right now. you know? So it's like, yeah. And at a young age it's the best thing that could have happened. 'cause at a young age I got to like get that ego swell and just completely come cr and there's something liberating when it happens though. I remember being oddly like relieved at the time. Being like, oh, this is kind of cool. I don't have to worry about all this shit anymore. Oh, that shit's a nightmare. Dude. We sold weed for almost four hours one time.


Fucking, It's scary. It Was the scary as shit ever. All day, every day. I fucking almost killed the kid. Guy was like, I started accusing him of fucking shit. and we had like, we literally had 200 worth of fucking, like, we weren't fine. It was, it was just alpha dog immediately, Bro. Things went. So it was crazy. Well, dude, you talk about being paranoid. It's Yeah, it's, you're in a paranoid, everybody's A fucking narc or Whatever. Everyone's following you. Everyone's an arc. Everyone's watching you. Yeah. At one point I just, I would wake my friend up and be like, are you fucking watching me? Oh, You motherfucker. I had a storage unit at one point, and between me and someone else, we had like 60 pounds of weed in there. And I'd have to, I'd have to go in there with a duffle bag in the middle of the day and like, look around. Oh, load it and walk back up.


And the one time I went there at three in the morning, or, or excuse me, it was like, you know, one in the morning. But I go in there, it's nighttime and there's a fire alarm going off in the school. And I remember hearing it being like, oh, there's a school near, which probably wasn't the best place to have fucking 60 pounds of weed. But, so I go in, I'm like, oh, that's weird. The fire alarm's going off. I load up a duffle bag of like 30 pounds of weed. Yeah. I come out of the place Oh. And surrounded in police. Police officers are everywhere. 'cause they were, they came because of that fire alarm going off in the school. And I'm holding a duffel bag and they're just standing there. It's like 1:00 AM or whatever. And I just come down the steps. They look at me and I look at them and I was just like, boys. And I just walked in my car and I just was like, please, please, please, please, please. Got in. Took off. No problem. I was shitting myself.


Dude. That was like one of the scarier, oh, I can feel the stress of that dude, dude. Because you feel the second you're, when they're behind you, you must be like, they're fucking, They're following me. Burning in my head. You're pulling off, you're like, you're just waiting for one of their cars to pull off. And it was like, dude, dude, it was a massive giant like hockey bag. And it looked, I was like, this looks so sketchy. I'm just coming out like, and I like froze. Like It says weed on the side of it. Yeah. Just came out like, oh, just stared at them. And I was like, Hey. They're like, what the fuck's wrong with that guy? Wow. Yeah. True. That is, I will say that is one of the perks of being a white guy. Yeah. Easily. You think you seeing the cops at 1:00 AM with a giant duffel bag and being like, Hey. Yeah, What's up brothers?


What's Up guys? Hi, hoe neighbor. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. And you're just in a paranoid delusion the whole entire, it's, it's terrible for your dude. My hair's fucking gray dude. Yeah, you're just worried all the time. Constantly for years, dude. You're Hiding shit in your ceiling. Yeah. That's kind. Everything just gets scary. You're hiding stuff. Yeah, we had like a couple of Fighting every dude. It's funny 'cause Sorry to cut you off. No, go on. You give someone an ounce of weed and you'd watch them, they'd be like, yeah, just like, you know, sell this. And people would start it and it's like, people would implode. It's just so much pressure. Or they would just smoke it all and they'd be like, whatever. Yeah. But then they're high. Now you're having to fucking talk to somebody that's fucking high to get you either your shit back. And then everybody starts knowing you're the weed guy.


So people knowing you're the weed guy. There's something cool about it. But then there's also this fear. 'cause you're like, well I'm gonna get busted. Paranoid. Yeah. Paranoid all the time. Then you hear about other people getting busted and you know, it's just, And then it gets closer to you and you're like, don't snitch or whatever. Yes. I, I wasn't gonna do anything You bury. Yeah. Yeah. We would bury weed in our, we had like seven dime bags we were trying to sell. Right. We fuck You got 'em in your mouth and your little wheelchairs. Like we were burying them in the yard and it was Uck. Unbelievable dude. I know. That's why you didn't get caught though, dude. You guys were careful. It was breaking. Horrible dude. That's who we were, dude. It was just, it was dumbest fucking thing ever. I'm in the front yard just calling my buddy a fucking burying fucking dime sacks with a trowel.


you know, like I. I know someone who you know what the fuck you're doing. Telling him, I know someone who thought he was selling steroids. Oh yeah. and he got beat and they were just antidepressants. So he was selling them to like a bunch of people, you know, and they're all like, dude, they're working. I'm getting yoked. And they were just on SSR. Oh Dude, I feel great. Hey man, they felt it did feel good, Dude. I bought some steroids once my girlfriend, while I was at away from her house, I was doing something, found them broke and threw him all away. She took your Roy. And when I got Did, You already cycle on them. So Did you like, were you like, what the fuck? No, I think I had been on steroids at the time and I was not happy when I got there. Okay. Yeah, dude, it was, do not look If.


you find your boyfriend's steroids, okay. Don't touch 'em. Just Yeah. Bring it up to him. Yeah. Do not get rid of them though, because it can create a man and become violent. you know? Dude, I didn't, but you could see how I could, yeah. It could be a wild day for someone. Dude, I'll, I'll say, and I, this is like I. I've interacted with a couple people who did the combination of coke and steroids and that's the most lethal. That's like a dangerous combination. Oh, I would can't imagine if you're already a little bit bipolar and boom. Like, dude, those steroids, the coke and your bipolar mania hit at the same time. It's like, that was the craziest. I was out to breakfast one time with a guy like that and he ordered, it was actually kind of alpha, but he, like, we were ordering breakfast. He is like, oh, and I'll take a muffin and can I have that immediately?


And I was like, damn bro. You just hit her with the immediately he is like, and I want that immediately. Not even like I, you know, I can have that before he is like, I want that immediately An immediate muffin. It Was boss. It was boss energy. Yeah. But it was, I remember being struck by that, being Like, love a muffin. Can I have it immediately? Can I have it immediately? Like What, what a little urgency behind that. Yeah. Huh. But yeah, that, that's a wild combo. Yeah. Yeah. How long were you on the bros for? I was on and off for a few years. I remember the first time I ever did 'em. Pills Or Did. you inject Shooting. Dang. That's Awesome. Shooting three pointers one time. One time my buddy Sean, he sold me some pills. He actually passed away. He died, he drowned.


He, I think he, shit, he tried to hide from the police underwater. No, dude Fucking drowned. That's terrible. Just, Yeah, you just can't do it. Yeah. you know, it's, you don't think about it when you're, he was so high. Yeah. You just thought I can hide in the water, Bro. I pa I almost passed out in the pool this summer. I tried to do a back and forth in front of all my friends and I had my daughter's goggles on and they were, bro, they were rushing the sides of my head so hard. I, for real, went out, came up, my legs were all, and I, I was like spitting water out. So I remember being like, Did, you ever try to hold your breath super long in a pool when you start like vibrating and shit? I was feeling that. I'm like, bro, I'm so close to getting the back and forth.


Get hit the wall. I got that. And all of a sudden I black out come to and I'm up in the water. My lungs are full. I'm like, and then I took two more steps, passed out again, smacked my chin on the side of the pool. My friends were all just la they thought I was like fucking around until I hit myself in the pool. And I came up, I was like, yo, I think I passed out. And they're like, yeah dude. You passed out twice. Yeah, it was start the Burgers, Matt. Yeah. It Was terrifying dude. People, it's called Meeting the Wizard. That's what David Goggins calls it. Really? When they, the Marines tra like, train underwater and pass out underwater, bro. It's fucked up. I can see, like, when you have people like, oh, he hit and drown. It's like, dude If, you try to hold your breath through long, you can miss a window and you're just out. Well, those Kansas City chief fans were partying with their buddy where he left those, those four dudes dead on his porch or Whatever that was. Didn't they, weren't they doing fentanyl?


I think It seemed like something was crazy, you know? Yeah. I think They got coke and they had fentanyl and that shit's terrifying, bro. Fuck. That's one thing I'm happy I i I never got involved with. 'cause that's Yeah. Just like, and everyone's like, everyone I know still does Coke, which I'm like, is crazy. They're like, yeah, but dude, like we're testing it. I'm like, no you're not, dude. You're telling me you're drunk at a bar. You score coke and you're like, hold up, let's test this first. It's like, no you're not. Yeah. You're the same type of person that mailed the shit to somebody. Can you imagine the mail your shit? You're just some dude at a fucking house, just pounds of shit just showing up at your door every day. You're just counting fucking money all day. You're doing it in your garage. Like Jeff Bezos Wife's like, what the Fuck, dude, babe, I'm gonna analyze these turds.


Let me analyze these turds, Babe. Come on. I gotta fucking, you know, it probably just Goes right to a landfill. And they're like, you need vitamin D. And they're like, thank you sir. Thank you. I think I got tricked, dude. Yeah. Testing your own. Oh, that, yeah. At that point, what are you having to do? It's crazy. Yeah. It's interesting. You have some tour dates coming up. I saw. Yeah. Man, I gotta you in New York next week. Yeah, I gotta go to the New York Comedy Festival. The town hall. That one. I'm sweating that one. I think it should be good. But yeah, it'll be fun When you're sweating it. What do you mean ticket Sales? It's, it's going pretty well. I gotta do that one. And then Capital One Hall, they just like, they're trying me in theaters right now, like clubs. I feel comfortable now. They're like, let's do some theaters.


So I'm like, fuck. So, you know, just gotta sell all the tickets of a weekend in one day. I know. It's scary. Yeah, dude, it is scary. But the, it's going all right. you know, it's like, I don't place too much pressure. It's like, it is what it is. I try to promote stuff, but I'm not like, you know, if it doesn't work out, that's just what it is. Like there's nothing I can do. Yeah. So, you know, so that's coming up. So I'm gonna do that. And then, then I get a bunch of other dates coming up till like, basically like May. So we're all on Matt McCusker dot com, whatever. But yeah, come check it out. Yeah, man. If you want. Yeah. And congrats. You guys' podcast is still doing great, dude. Yeah, we're, we're, this is, this is like the dark night of our podcast soul. I'm doing it. I'm just holding it down. Dude. Shane's doing the tires and I, I've been, you know, I, I've set up a new thing now where I, I have like headset mics and I stand at a podium with, and I have the guest stand at a podium.


And it's been kind of fun. It changes the energy when you're on your feet. Imagine if you're on our feet this whole time. It's a whole different energy. Oh, It's a good point, Huh. And you have, you have, your hands are free. You're just on the headset. You're Thinking you're more creative. You Can move around. I kind like it so far. And you, you have like a podium to lean on. I can put a laptop on this under count and like, you know, if I need to look at something, I can just kind of, yeah, it's been fun. Like I'm really fucking around with it. You have been good for you, man. And If, you take a walk. Sometimes I'll notice if I take a walk with a friend, we have such a better conversation. Big time. Or if I take, like, one of the things I like to do now, sometimes if I'm even going on a date or something, just be like, let's just go take a walk. It's like, you kind of get to know somebody. It's chill. You're in motion. Like, and you feel like you did something too. When you, when you like, go on a Walk, dude. And I, that's for me, that's the best cure for when you get the mental zoomies hit the fucking road.


Just walk, walk. It helps so much. Fucking walk till you're a stepdad. Yeah. Walk to that new family, dude. Best of luck with all the tickets, man. Well, yeah, If, you need a guest too. If I come back, man, I'll have to pop in, you know? Please Dude. Please. That'd be awesome. I got, I got like, Because Shane's taping in New York. Is that where they're Taping? Philly? Yeah, right in Philly. Oh yeah. So I got like, because Starro Is taping with him. Yes. Yeah. I think he's gonna, I'm gonna see him next week. Yeah, Man. So I, I got like I think like seven more weeks of episodes to record before he comes back. So I've, we've, we've made it through. So, you know, it's been fun. It's one of those like, it's been like a learning experience. 'cause it's, you know, it's easy. We can do it. We'll do it together. When it was just me, I was just like, fuck. you know The dogs man. They'll be excited whenever he gets back though.


Oh yeah. You can hear, You can hear 'em barking. Yeah. They're Already, they're ready. They, they're ready. Trust me. They're ready for VPay Tickets at Matt McCusker dot com. Matt, good to see you man, bro, Thank you so much. Yeah, man, have a good one. You too. Now I'm just on the, and I feel, I'm like, I must be cornerstone, but when I reach that ground I'll share this piece of I can my bones.