
Today's guest is a standup comedian. He's a podcaster, he's an actor. He has a new film called Let's Start, a cult that he both co-wrote and starred in. He's got his own podcast, staves World, and he's one of the hottest young comics in America. I'm grateful for his time today. I'm grateful for his honesty. Always. No one else I'd rather be sitting down with than Mr. Stavos. Hal? Yes.


Hey. Hey. Whoa. How's it going man? Why is it ran? Good to See you. Yeah. You look so slick, huh? Thanks, Man. Yeah, going with a slick back. Wow. You like it, bro? Yeah. Little fucking aerodynamic. It looks very, I'm trying to think of what it even makes me feel like I love it. Explore that, bro. Like a principal maybe. Yeah, maybe Principal. At a very unique school. We don't give grades, man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't give grades. There's shit. I need some socks, Dude.


I think it's a good look. No, I got, I got you. Can't throw ankles out, dude. You can't give. you can. Sorry. I mean I feel homeless. I just, I just felt some wind hit him and my first thought was, I've worked too hard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure, sure, sure. I got the thighs out. I give out the whole leg for free. Yeah. But you have good legs, man. Thank You, bro. I appreciate that. Yeah. And do a lot of people from where you or your culture have good legs? Huh? I think so. Yeah. I think so. It's a leg. 'cause even the pillars. Yeah. It's like that's a part of it, huh? There's a lot of hills. Greece is very hilly. Hmm. I think people are, The hills have thighs, dude over there.


They really do. I think that helps. Yeah. Because You see a man like that, it's like, oh, this is a structural man. Sound. Sound. I am structurally sound. The engineering. You're not shaking me. Yeah, you're not shaking me, Bro. No, you won't. You're not like that. Building 47 or whatever. No, no, no, No, no, no. Or whatever that Is. Seven. Was it building seven? Which one is it that keeps falling down? Seven Tower. Tower Seven. Tower seven. Yeah. Yeah. The one that we can't exactly explain or something. Yeah. Some guy's like, oh, that's a great time to just fucking Three blocks Over to drop this one. Like, all right. All right. I see what you're doing, man. Wouldn't have happened if it was made outta Hellenic Marble.


Yeah. Outta some strong baklava, some Bcl. You can't shake baklava either. Oh. As far as desserts go, Very structurally sound Structurally sound, you're right. You're Right. Sta Hals, dude. You have a new movie. The movie is Ha. Let's start a cult. Let's start a cult. Yes, sir. And is it kind of your new movie? Is it kind of like, is it like, what's the, is it a 12 Years of Slave type of thing? Is it a, like a Lincoln lawyer? Like what's the, Those are your two references. What's the arc of it? You know, Found 12 Years A Slave, which is like a serious slavery drama that won Oscars with the Lincoln lawyer. Just a middle of the road.


Matthew McConaughey. Entertaining movie. Movie. I think it's, I wish they're both good movies, by the way. Lincoln and Lawyer, pretty Good. 12 Year Slave was a little long. They could have done it. They could maybe could have done it eight years, nine Years A Slave. Seven Minute Slaves. We didn't need to see all 12 of the years. Yeah, dude, come On The last Two years. It's like, we kind of get How this goes. We get it, we get it. But yeah. What's the story? Arc You know, like what, yeah. What do we expect it like, Yeah, dude. So it's, it's way less way, way smaller of a budget than those two. Honestly, the movie is, I just love dumb ass comedies. Like the stuff we grew up on, like the Sandler You know Spade Farley, you know, to Will Ferrell, to all that stuff that was just like silly as shit.


Good. you know, like the first movie I was obsessed with was Billy Madison. Yeah, right. And just like goofy. Technically a premise. But it's like, would this ever happen in real life? No, but we just need, it's there to just as like a skeleton for jokes. Yeah. And let's get goofy. Let's get silly. Let's get a bunch of funny people in it. And that's what this movie is, dude. It was like, I just wanted You know. I wanted the opportunity to make something that I loved and like I I, don't consider myself an actor. I'm a fucking comic. And comedy movies I think are an extension of just like, I'm not trying to make a good ass movie. I'm trying to make Okay. A fun time. 90 minutes. And You know. I'm proud of it. Don't get me wrong. It's not fucking dog shit.


Like it Still, yeah. Yeah. It's not like Amistad or like, No, there was trying to Get something else I've seen recently. No slavery, I don Dunno what's going on with your references? No, sorry. Yeah. Amadeus, maybe No Bridges over Madison County or whatever like That. Sure, sure. I didn't see that one. It's The Bridge to Rabia. Oh, you saw that one? Huh? That's a child's movie. I saw that as a kid. Yeah. It's about a, it's a, something happens to somebody. I remember, I Haven't seen, I haven't seen it since I was a child. I, is it like a allegory for something wrong? Well, someone's handicapped something. And I remember somebody was trying to do the life of Jesse Bridges to Teia and Adolescent Changes when befriends Leslie, the class outside of the children created Imaginary World called Teia, which is inhabited by all manner of magical.


Right. So basically, no, it's not like that either. Just it's not like the breach of Thethe. Yeah. So, okay. So it's not like that. It's just fun, dude. And I Think like, yeah, funny movie, good comedy funny. You turn your brain off no lessons. You're not gonna be a better, you're not gonna be a better or worse person. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean. You're just gonna have a good time. Yeah. You're just, you can get high as fuck. You know what I mean. Like Yeah. you can, you can make some popcorn. Yeah. You won't miss plot points. You might wanna go back and miss and see if you missed a joke, but you get the movie. Right. You know what I mean. The whole point is like, it, the, basically the like bullet point is what if a guy was so annoying, his cult committed suicide without him.


Oh. Like they left him out of the, left him out of the final ritual. Yeah. And then he tries to start up his new, his own cult. And that's the like, and so I'm just, I'm that guy. I'm the fucking annoying idiot who's just like You know with a heart of gold classics. Classic comedy shit. Yeah. And I just like, you know, we meet a bunch of funny people. We have really funny comics in it. Bobby Kelly is in it for a little bit. Oh yeah. Tom pop's in it for a little bit. You know a lot of really funny, just like Wes Haney, who is the who Co-wrote it with me and, and Ben Nik. It was basically like, me and my friends got a chance to make a movie. And I was like, yeah, fuck it. What the fuck? Like, no one, no one lets a, no one lets, no one lets me star in a movie.


Yes. You know what I mean. You have to do it. So you just gotta do it. So, yeah. It's nice to have a movie where it sounds like you just can just go look at a movie, go Look at a movie. And the jokes are s like, I'm not, I'm not trying to make any commentary on anything. Yeah. I'm just trying to make you laugh. Yeah. And it's like that it has been, even some of my favorite movies, like towards the end, they all kind of had weird lessons or they just kind of got like, even 40-year-old Virgin, it's weirdly like an allegory for virginity and like, fine, saving yourself from, you can read into a lot of those movies. You cannot read into this movie. Right. There is nothing. There is no, there is no subtext. There is no, it's a fat, it's a lovable fat guy getting into Hijinx for 89 minutes.


Ooh. Not even 90. Nice. You'll be out. You'll be out. And if you fast forward through the credits, we get that to 87 and a half You know what I mean. That's what I'm talking about. Huh. So that's nothing like a thick guy coming in Short You know. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. So I get the movie and they, we, they need good comedies. It's like, you need, it's like you go to a thing now and it's like, yeah. Some stuff. It doesn't even make you laugh. You're like, what is this about? Or whatever. Yeah. And then like everybody at the end is kind of like handicapped or something. At end you're like, what is this? Right, right, right. you know, it's like Elliot gets a rainbow or something. You're Like, what is this? It's not You know. And it's like the guy always has a heart transplant. Sure. But his new heart is right like a Yeah.


Is like a libertarian or something. You Know. So yeah. So now he's like, I'm gonna kill myself. Yeah. Because I would rather, I would rather die than have a have a heart that's against public school systems or something. You know. No one will be committing Puku at the end of this movie. It's for their political points. It's called, it's called Homeschool Heart. That movie. It's a movie, yeah. Where somebody gets our transplant. And that heart was a homeschool teacher. Was a homeschool. Yeah. That'd be Crazy. That would be fun. Yeah. Yeah. It's either, it's either, it's like both sides. It's like, and even independent movies, it's like, I don't know. 'cause I, and you know, I'd love to talk about just more comedy stuff too, but Yeah. But this is interesting 'cause it's a new time where someone is making their own film.


Well That's, that's the thing, dude. It's like I, don't know how you feel, but I feel like I hit the jackpot of all jackpots. Right. Like, I never thought I'd be fucking podcasting. Oh yeah. You know what I mean. Like, I wanted to just do comedy. I never thought I would have to like build my own fan base to just like make a living. And then like, got really lucky and, and like, so when you get lucky, what do you do with it? And it's like, I've never been the kind of person that just wants to chase. I don't wanna get super famous. I don't wanna get super rich. I wanna be able to make the stuff I fucking love. And like, that's what this was. It's like, I think You know, there's some people who like, we have a chance like building our own fan bases where it's like we can make what we like.


Yeah. And instead of trying to desperately get into like a mainstream studio system or, you know, not that I won't make a fucking, you know, so You know studio, once we make a movie, I'd love to do it. But instead of like waiting for years, like, I think I don't know, I think a bunch of like a generation of comics found out you can go through the internet, make up a fan base, and then it's like, what do you want to do with it? And for me it's like, let me just fucking do make a fucking movie. Like Yeah. No, the way, no one the way, no one. It's stupid that I get to like, sell out theaters. It's stupid. I get to make movies, but that's what I want fucking do.


And instead of just like being broke and trying to be an actor and all this other shit, it was like, I know at least some people will see it. My fans will see it. Hopefully You know. Some of your fans will see it. Yeah. Like that's the cool thing about building like a network where it's like you just hit up your friends. It's like, I'm not on, I got on NPR because the lady liked my movie. Well, like a Lady on the weekend thing liked my movie, but it's like, we don't even have a mainstream way to, to put it out there. So, I don't know, man. I just think it's cool. And it would be sick if people just started doing that shit. If you started doing whatever you're passionate about because you have this fan base and you've built your own thing and Yeah. I mean tires is like that. That was really Inspi You Know. That was the best thing. Yeah, it was. That was one something amazing about tires. It was like, you heard jokes on there for the first time. There was jokes about everybody.


Yeah. And it was just normal stuff you would probably hear Yeah. At a very alarming rubber shop. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's a bad tires You know. You're like, God, this place. Exactly. Yeah. And it's like, no one's saying that. That's the only comedy that has to exist. You know what I mean. I want to see shit from everybody. All of it. But it's like, go make your own shit. Yeah. Everybody gets to make their own shit. So that's why my version of that is just like a goofy ass. Let's start a cult. Let's Start a cult. And it's on VOD. you can rent it, rent it, or buy it right now. you can do that right now. By the time this is out, it'll be, you can go rent it, you can go buy It. So right now they can get it. Yeah. And it's like, and it's like, And so VOD like what does that, so I know it means video on name, but where Totally like what does that mean? Apple, Amazon?


Just wherever you rent. So you can go to Amazon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Put in let's start a cult. And you able to, you can Watch a movie, you'll Be to it. Exactly. And now what's that price point? How do y'all figure that out? I Don't actually know, but pr hopefully low. Okay. I'm trying to get it out there. I was trying, I was, I'm trying to get there. And what do You mean low? Now you talking nine point 99? Yeah. Prob maybe lower even than that. Well, that's, yeah. I just want people to see it. Yeah, but you don't want Yeah. Yeah. I get that You know. But you're right. I think probably nine point 99. Yeah. If Somebody's like, I can get this or I can get some McNuggets. Yeah. I, it's not that they're, they're gonna debate between the two. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then they're kinda like, Hey, I I want both for 14.99. Right. Maybe we should, you Kind of wanna fit in There. Maybe we should talk to McDonald's. Maybe we should do, we could do a tie in. Yeah. Do you remember those glass cups? Yeah.


For Batman. You remember those Dude, those were sick. Uhuh. Oh, Batman, I believe Batman Forever. Which was not a good movie. It was like the Jim Carrey. Oh, I forgot that he was Batman. No, no, he was the Ridler. Oh, he was the Ridler. Yeah. Yeah. They had those glass cups. Oh wait, With the, The those. Yes. Oh Yeah. You remember those dude? Oh Yeah. Yeah. I had the fuck out of those, the two face ones. But One Loser shattered one of those in the fucking ball pit. Mm. And ruined You know. Ruined it. Yeah. Oh, People were dealing with that. Yeah. That one, that one's a iconic one. The, the Tommy Lee Jones one. That movie was fucking awesome. And the one after it with Mr. Freeze was even more awesome. They had Joel Schumacher, who was just like the gayest guy of all time.


He's the man. He's, he's a great director. But he made it fun as shit. Like, those movies sucked coming off the Tim Burton Batmans. 'cause they were like, went from dark and like moody and kind of cool and Comic Booky to like truly the campiest. It was like essentially Batman going to like drag brunch. Yeah. And, and Like people weren't ready for that now. But throw those on now. You'll have a great time. Oh, okay. You'll be like, you'll be like, wow, this is so over the top. But it's fun, dude. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like, they got jacked guys. They got sexy Ladies just parading around. It's, it's very fun. Alicia Silverstone's, Batwoman Bat Girl. Oh, I remember her. She's looking pretty good. When did this happen? Because I saw the one with Hugh Ledger, Heath Ledger, and then I saw Heath Ledger.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I saw the one where it was like the two old guys in the cave running around You know. Remember that one? I Don't remember that one. Batman and Robin. Oh, Batman. Batman versus Superman. No. Were there like a rock or something? Batman and Robin? Yeah. Can you bring that up? Oh, You mean like the old ass ones? Yeah. The one where they're like running around in the same cave over and over again with Adam West. Yeah. And one of the guys. Yes. Oh, there you go. Yeah. And one of the guys is like, I'm Batman. And the other guy's like, I'm just here. You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm here for the party. That guy's Just, well they, they were actually part, Adam West was absolutely getting pussy in this era. He was like, he's like notorious for fucking and sucking really in this.


Yeah. And I believe With men too. I don't think Men I, well I don Know. Is that Long Pussy I don? Yeah. Is that what man a is? Is that this long pussy? I think they call it that I mean because dude, if you look at it, they You know wiener. Wiener is just long pus. Oh. Oh, you mean the dick is long Puss Like an Inverted. Okay. I thought you meant the ass. Oh Yeah, dude. A wiener is just like a push that's reaching for something. Look at this guy now. This just looks like any, this looks like It's awesome. He refused to shave to shave his mustache. So they just painted it over. This is how little they gave a fuck about the Batman TV show.


The guy was like, I'm not shaving my mustache. They're like, we don't give a fuck, man. He's like, I gotta play tennis Tomorrow. Not shaving his fucking ding. But Burgess Meredith, who played the penguin in this and also played Mickey and Rocky, I believe him and Adam West were absolute COO hounds. Yeah. They were just at fucking so much in these ti in these times. I, and by that I mean, I saw one TikTok about it. And I love to think of that. Well, they didn't even have condoms at this time, did they? I Don't believe so. When did condoms really start to No, They probably had 'em, but they weren't using them. You think there was like a luxury good? It was like a fancy thing. Yeah, because they had, they probably had like, I bet you a like ink cavemen were like putting their dick in like sheep's, like intestines not to have killed children at a certain point.


Oh. Just to get it outta their system. I think they just figured out condoms pretty quick. Like Condoms have been used for centuries, but became more popular at different times for different reasons. Mm. 18th century condoms became more Well-known and the market grew despite opposition, Opposition to condoms. That was the first time the church was like, this is unnatural. you can, I absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. The church was against him. I promise you. The church was against him. 'cause every they got a nut, the whole point of life is procreation. Right. So for them, and Mother nature was probably against him. Nature has to be, 'cause nature wants things to have sex. Sure. Right. That's what nature needs that. Yeah. So I wonder if nature put that in the minds of people.


Like, we can't stop It. Yes. You mean Mo like, Like mother Nature planted that thought in Into your head. Or She's not gonna let that, not like, that's her only goal Right. Is To smash in party. But is it, is it people though? 'cause people were doing her harm point. Maybe Mother Nature wanted condoms. So rabbits did that back up. So rabbits and plants and shit could fuck and bring back, you know, the eco because we're fucking polluting. Especially if this is the 18th century mother nature probably that she, the industrial revolution happens. We start polluting shit. Yeah. She's like, these motherfuckers are no Good. Yeah. You gotta get, we gotta get them outta here. We gotta get them nutting inside of plastic bags. Yeah. Inside of pussies instead of free and Clear.


Yeah. That's a good point. You know. Yeah. Starting to become sort of this, Oh, look at This. It was like blue blockers for pussy kinda, or per for sex. You know. Yeah. 19th century. Yes. Oh, wait, go on. What'd you say? Were gonna say, despite opposition, they were sold in pubs, theaters, and barbershops. Barbershops. When the lineup's so crispy You know you're gonna get pussy. You're like, now this. That's, that's a good marketing ploy. It is. Huh? You're gonna need one of these pal. Yeah. I line you up. So, no, it really nice. Yeah. Good day sir. And then you get a bad cut and the guy's like, eh, you're not getting We'll, I don Have enough. We have eight for the whole city. And by the way, wash it out and then tie it back up when you're done.


These things are expensive. I know. Huh? You see 'em on the clothes line? Those are the days, man. Don't nut in it too much. I know. Huh? Hey, come on over. I stole my neighbor's condom, man. Yeah. We'll go half on a, going half on a condom with your Boy tonight. Tonight Judy Be like, dude, jack off before you. Fuck yeah. I, you don't, I don't want the first nut of the day going in this thing we need, we need the second. It's the weaker one goes in this one. We gotta We gotta, we gotta keep the foundation intact on this thing, dude. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The can't handle it can only handle about seven PI. It's Not, it's not rated for the first nut of the day loads.


It's not rated for that. That's crazy. And then 19th century, it says rubber condoms became popular. However, condom use was mainly limited to the upper class due to a lack of sexual education. Yep. And the working class is, wow. That makes sense. Oh, for sure. Like, these people can barely You know if this guy's making shoes all day. Yeah. He's cobbling. Yeah. He's cobbling or, yep. Or would cobbling be like a hierarchy job you think? Oh, you like, you mean, you mean they're in the shoe factory. The cobbler is kind of a, a A an artisan. A Bespoke Yes. Artisan. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. He's probably somewhere in between the two 19th century. So we're talking the 18 hundreds. You still got both, you still got cobbler and shoe factory workers.


They Wouldn't let them have condoms. It's a little bit of both, I would say. Where it's like the education keeps them not understanding how useful is. So the working class has kids working class Women have to have kids earlier. They're trapped. They don't get to fucking You know I mean, it's a classic thing. The working class always gets tricked in this fucking it in all of human history while the fucking, the barons fucking suck. Yeah. You know what I mean. They're on their fucking couches. They're on their, their chaise lounges. Yes. The, the, the factory workers, they don't know any better, But then they're just letting them have sex and make more factory workers, which seems bizarre. Well, that's good for, again, the upper classes. They want disposable working class people.


Oh, I see what you're Saying. In shitty living conditions, what do they care? Right. And so if, if, if people have more kids, it keeps 'em in poverty because then they have to spend and take care of the children. Yep. And they get more workers and then wages go lower. Right. So You know, keep 'em going. Wow. Keep condoms just for the rich. Yeah. Condoms. In 1950s and 1960s, condoms became a popular birth control method with 42% of Americans of reproductive age using them for birth control between 1955 and 65. Wow. So that's about when we're to bring it full circle. That's when Batman, I believe the first Batman was shot. So they probably mixed it up. Yeah. They probably had con But those guys look like raw Dogger to me. Those guys. I think Adam West.


Can we do a little research on Adam West's sexual history? Yeah. Bring that. Adam West. I think Adam West and Burgess Meredith. They're old school guys. Yeah. They're not putting on condoms unless absolutely necessary. What do you say though? Well, look at this. Adam West, his stories of romantic conquest, including the infamous night with eight women Wow. Have become the Yeah. This man sucks part Of Laura surrounding his life and career. While some might view West candid revelations with a mixture of astonishment and disbelief, they start for a glimpse into the complexities of living under the spotlight. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Sounds baffling. No real tough. Got the fucking suck before smartphones. Yeah. The Lord knows what Adam West was up there was no way he was fucking, well He had that bat phone, didn't he?


Sure. He used to. Hey, what's that? He used it to get head. Oh, mayor, give me the woman with the largest tits and Gotham. Yeah. asap. Bring her over to my trailer. He just, you've got it. Batman. He Just shines that bat light just across into his neighbor's apartment. He's Just fucking dick. He, He has a bat light, but he else has a dick light. Whether He's horny or not. Yeah. Bam. Yeah. Squish The Crazy part was when they would fuck, like they had to run like this or something. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well they would go up a wall. Yeah.


They'd pretend to go up a wall and they literally just put the camera up sideways. Yeah. It's pretty fun to watch it. Yeah. We need more stuff like that. But You know, we just need more stuff that's entertainment. More Goofy bullshit. Yeah. And no, we did not have as much sex on the, I don't think. Yeah. Is there a love story? Is there a love arc in there? There You know. I will say there is a, there is a sex scene. Really? There is a sex scene. It's, and it was probably my favorite. I wrote the movie, like I said, with my friends. And so, So of course you write in a sex scene, dude, I Used to. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I used to have acting class and I would just like, we'd have to do scenes and stuff and I would always bring a scene where there's like, possible making out. That's hilarious. And sometimes it would just be like two people are walking and they're in an argument and then for no reason they kiss or Whatever.


You wrote it. And Jix would always be Like, this is crazy. Yeah. Like, Yeah, it is. Dude. Janet presses her tits against Mark vigorously. Yeah. Like You know. Don't put don't add actions, please. I just think it should be clear. Yeah. I think it should be clear. It's a vigorous tit press. It was. I had to, I had to Now. Yeah. You had a sex scene. Wow. First one you've ever done, Like In a film or something. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was, I've been I mean With that. Hiding your phone on a, on a cabinet across the Room Without being like, oh yeah. I. Don't know why that teddy bear is blinking red.


That's weird. Yeah. I'm going to go turn it off. Then you just put a fucking piece of black masking tape over it. Yeah. I'm trying to think. 'cause I will. Yeah. How did been place? Was that a nervous day? It was weird, man. So yeah, there is a sexy, it's, and I don't want to spoil too much, but is a wild one. And I will say there, there was an intimacy coordinator, and that's the person I felt bad for the most because this person's job is, if you're I head of a nude scene. And so if you're nude, some lady has to put a little, like a rubber triangle around your dick and balls. Really? Yeah. Like one of those bibs you get at a crab joint. Yeah. Yeah.


It has, it has a lobster with a fork and a, and a knife in, its in its claws printed on it. It is honestly not that far off from that though. It is just like a, it's like a plastic thong essentially. No. And so, so you are naked that day? Yeah. I'm, perhaps I am. Wow. That's just perhaps I'm, I'm so nervous. Yeah. I mean it sucked. And, and it's like, you Know, and the person's naked. The woman, I won't divulge who, I'll just say I'm naked. Okay. you know, that's You know. And so I'm definitely nude and, and one, and a woman has to tape literally tape my dick and balls to this fucking thing. Because you wanna look naked, but you don't want, if You know, you don't want people to have to look at my dick the whole day.


Yeah. So, yeah, you wanna put like a plastic sheet over it. But this woman's job, anytime that thing like slipped, she had to like Get in there. Just This poor lady man. Really? She, she's like, she had to Re-tape my shit up. You Know. And it's, she's just like cutting edge with it. Huh. And She's, it's like the way like You know they would, they would tape up your ankles at a high school football game. Yeah. She had the same demeanor. It was just like a grizzled You know you're Gonna be fine. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I've seen worse. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a M and msm, huh? Yeah. It was tough, but, wow. Wow. No dude, I fucking, so There's a lot of little layers in the film, huh? Yeah. There's a lot of, a lot of You know anything again, anything for a laugh. And I wanted, you might never get a chance to make a movie again.


So it's like, let's fucking Yeah. Let's leave it all out there. you know what I mean? And so, oh yeah. And the way there is always, I love, I, again, I used to love when there was over the top sex scenes in those movies we're talking about. So I was like, let's put one of those. And there's some a, there's some physical, other physical stuff I had to run a lot, which is hilarious. Really? I, I didn't think about it. Yeah. Any acrobatics or anything for you? I wish Next time, dude. Next time I'm gonna fucking spend them a year to learning how to do a back flip. Yeah. Or the cartwheel that never stopped it. Yeah. That would Be sick. That Greek cartwheel. That Would be awesome. Just fucking rattle that bitch. Just eliminate the albanians with it. I would love that. Yeah. Well that's a joke. Albanians. That's not getting into it. Yeah.


That's just a joke. Albanians. That's just a joke. Yeah. Yeah. One of my dear friends, that's the, the classic racist thing to say, my best friend is Albanian, which is actually true in my case. But it's like the classic, What was that? What and what was the budget of the film? What does it cost of that? It Was, it was 750 k. Wow. Yeah. So it was, it started at like 200 k and we did it with, I wanna say You know, dark Sky, dark Sky films, which like, it's a smaller production company. They've actually, they've done a lot of cool shit. A lot of cool horror movies and stuff, but lower budget stuff. And they were just fucking awesome to work with. They just saw a short that we did and they thought we were gonna write like a one location 'cause the short takes place in one place.


But we were like, if you're gonna let us make a movie, we're gonna fucking, there's gonna be wild shit in it. Yeah. And so we pretty much pushed it to the, the amount. 'cause it's such a weird, you also learn so much about this kind of shit where it's like, if you go Over, yeah. What'd you learn? What was the number one thing you learned? Do you like, Well, I mean I interrupted you if you go over what? No, No. Like, one of the things I learned is that like, you can't really go over a certain budget because then everything becomes more expensive and you have to like, you have to get like more just like for You know, union reasons. You have to get more people involved. It becomes like a harder job. Whereas like the lower budget you make a movie, they kind of allow you to, like, a lot of people can do different jobs. you can You know, obviously you have to follow certain rules and you can't overwork people.


But there was basically like a limit where they're like, look, if you spend any more of this, we have to pay all the actors more. We have to pay everybody else more. And you know, we pretty much lost I mean, I lost money. You put some of your money in? No, but like, just not working. I took, I like canceled dates. Oh yeah. I like, yeah. You Know what I mean and it was like your time cost. Yeah. Totally. Totally. And like, and I've, I'll probably lose money just like traveling to promote it and stuff like that. But again, who gives a fuck? It's about making cool shit. And it's like, I'm not, let's hurting for money. And so, but yeah, you just learn a bunch of, you know, and you also think like, you think a movie's gonna be like this fucking actor's fucking talking about each scene and shit like that.


And they're like, dude, we have fucking 12 minutes to get this. And Oh, it's actually the most crucial scene in the movie. Well, yeah, good luck. They're Like, and this dog has to be asleep in, in, in a half hour. And you're like, what? Yeah, we're putting the dog down. Yeah. We're putting the dog down unless you nail this scene. I'm like, huh. Yeah. It's just cheaper to put 'em down. Union rules. I don't know, bro. Either nail the scene or the fucking shit suit gets it. I didn't want to kill a dog. You shouldn't have fucked freaking teamster. Like, dear God. You think you'd be able to make your money back? I Think so. We did pretty well. You know, we didn't do crazy. We had a, we had a release in theaters. Just because I just think it's important to see.


Yeah, no, I like, well you're, this is, that's what's amazing about it. It's this You know, like, we had Kevin Smith on and he's done this You know. Yeah. But now it's certainly that there are creators that have their own world and they want to make a film. Sometimes You Know. Yeah. Yeah. Me and Spade wrote a movie and we have a chance to do it. Right. Yeah. And so we're finally gonna do it. It just took forever to get it together. And like That's awesome. Nobody in Hollywood wants to finance or anything. Yeah. But it's cool to see, see people just making their own stuff. And so Yeah, dude, that's why I called you even last week and I was like, Hey, tell me about this. I just wanna know because it's just brave. You're trying something. Thanks, man. Yeah. And it's, and it's Yeah. What you want to do. Nobody can kind of tell you what's supposed to be on the script. Totally.


The only limitation was budget. And for me, I think that's so much, that's so much cooler. And you get to actually be an artist about it. Not to fucking suck my own dick. It's a movie about You know a fat guy and my, you see my nuts in it. It's not like I'm fucking, again, we're not making you See both of your nuts in the movie. I will also mention this. They didn't let me show my real nuts, which is a big problem for me. Well, how much is it? Because the nuts looked little. And I have pretty nice nuts Foundation. I have a nice foundation. Truly The dick. The dick is more of an ornamental piece. Yeah. But it's like the little star at the top. The dick is the nose, the lung, the dick is The nose. The nose. The nuts are the lungs. The Absolutely They go deep.


Oh, they go deep. They go deep and they're full. Yeah. Deep breath. Let's just say the Little lungs of the heavens brother. Yeah. I got Michael Phelps's lungs. I Got nice capacity on those lungs, noses not so much cute little button. Nose Michael. Yeah. Michael. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Or of a, yeah. It's nothing. A snowman. No, it's not a Michael Imperioli. No, it's it's, it's a, it's very You know. Yeah. It's almost like a burn victim notice. Yeah. Right, right, right, right, right. Again. Yeah. you know, shaved off. They've made it out of a little ankle bone. Yeah. Oh. They took a little ankle bone and they're like, we'll do our best. Yeah. It's kind of a Voldemort situation.


Yeah. Kind of more, More a cat's nose. Yeah. I've got a penis, like a cat's nose. You know it's cold and wet. Yeah. I mean, I guess this kind, it's Cold a it stays up all night though. Stays Up all night. Yeah. Yeah. Wandering the streets. It'll bo it'll bother you. It'll bother you all night. Yeah. It'll fucking, Yeah. It'll fucking batch your eyes outta your face while you're resting. It'll keep nudging you until you give it a little attention. It'll beat a jingle be to death on your Christmas tree. Wow. But yeah, but I didn't get to show my real nuts, which is a prop. But again, these are the artistic sacrifices we have to make sometimes to get Our movie made. Yeah. Both. No one prop 24 You know Or whatever.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. But that is crazy. And there's Michael Phelps has small nuts. You cannot sw nuts are Nah, I bet he's got a nice pair. He's a large guy. Remember? He's a huge guy though. Not to the fucking, They show Okay. Are you can have big back tires on a fucking swimmer. I Think he's got a nice pair, dude. No, he doesn't look at this. No, I will not. I bet he's tucked them underneath his ass. You have to almost tie them in your ass. There is. There is. Okay. There is a image. I believe they tried like, Wow, look at that. He's fucking jacked. He's probably got a I. mean he's a big dude. He's got a nice pair now. I would say probably You don't, so Size to size.


I pound for pound. I think I have pretty nice nuts. Oh yeah. And not weight. I'm talking about frame. Okay. Yeah. We're not gonna go, we're talking about what my body should be on the, on the, yeah. Because nuts. That's a big disadvantage for the fat man. Titties get bigger. The fatter you get Dick and balls stay the same size. Is it true? Absolutely. Dick, my dick got plumper. The fatter I got. That's almost beautiful. This time Of yeard be. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The leaves changed. The dicks, the nuts are getting plumper with every slice of pumpkin. Pumpkin pie. Want dude. Yeah. You know every helping of squash your, your fucking dick gets a little bigger. No, your dick got bigger the fatter you are. I would be 800 pounds. I would just be, you would have like feeders trying to get Dix as big as possible.


Yeah. Which doesn't happen. So, but Yeah. I think you want those smaller nuts. You want less drag if you're a swimmer, that's not a big thing. You want those. I think you're Roy Jones Jrs You know. Yeah. You think, dude, why don't they have Roy Jones Jr. Mintz. That's a great idea. Rudy Jr. Mins. Don't be kidding anymore. Yep. They'll knock out. Bad breath. Yeah. Done and done, dude. Yeah. Something chocolate that knocks out. Bad breath. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love that. Just a hint of chocolate. Oh, Well. So that movie is out now people can go check it out. Yeah, please. Go see. Please, please Go see it. And That's, congratulations man. Thank you dude. And yeah, I think it's, you know, s it's cool to support You know. It's obviously my movie. I, I believe it believe in it a lot. But it's like anytime creative people that you like make shit outside of a system, I think it's kind of important to go support that shit.


Yeah. Well It's, it's kind of like a new realm. You know. And also some movies that are billion dollar movies are, are horrible. There was one Ryan Gosling with, then my mom and I went and saw it was horrible. Yeah. I went and saw something the other night. It was a chance in time or something. Can you look it up for me? We live in time. There you go. Well, here's what it I don't love about Is that bad? That looks, I like those actors. I, It was sweet. It was cute. But every shot was so close on their faces. Mm. After a while you're like, where's all the money they spent on sets who? You can't even see the set. So what starts to happen for me, I notice in movies is they shoot things so tight nowadays.


Right. Like it's just this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. And your brain, there's no, like your imagination, if there's more going on, your imagination has to process things on the screen. Yeah. Right. So your imagination is interested in what's going on, but if there's nothing to even really think about, it's so dumbed down. Everything is this tight. You're not, you're just kind of like, you just start to lose interest because I think there's a part of you that's not working. You know. Yeah. Yeah. It's like when they shoot comedies now, it's like they shoot everything so tight and it's just about you. You don't get, you don't see people's body language stuff. They just, I feel like they miss out on a lot of things just because they think we need it to be so simple.


Yeah. Well I think that is another thing that I learned about movies, which I didn't think about at all, is that it is such a visual. You think it's about the writing, you think it's about your jokes. And especially being a comic, you're like, it's all about the writing. It's all about the jokes. And you don't think about like, it's a visual medium. It's like a bunch of interesting pictures strung together. Yeah. Ultimately is what it is. And it was interesting to like, like talk to our cinematographer and a scene that I thought was like pretty straightforward. Just two people talking, kind of what you're describing just faces. He's like, nah, let's fucking play it. Why don't you guys lean on the car? Why don't we make it a little more interesting? Yeah. And like that was a fucking sick part of it to like, yeah, I, 'cause you don't think about that. I just think about the jokes and I just think about my words getting laughs.


Mm. And then it's cool to watch a movie and be like, oh, you just do something with your face and that's a laugh and you just fucking, you run funny. And that's a laugh. You know what I mean. Right. And it's like, that was a cool thing. Again, I love comedy so much and I'm just trying to figure out every way to be funny. And I think like, yeah, what you're saying of like, making it interesting, having the visuals being really interesting. That's a huge, a huge, again, it's a cool learning experience. And that's what I I don Dunno if you feel this way. But it's like, that's the nice thing about Oh yeah, about like learning new shit is just how can we be funny? And like the the time I felt the most engaged in my life was like when I was an open mic or learning how to do comedy.


Yeah. And it's cool to get the chance to make a movie and like feel like, I don't know Dick, I'm a fucking dumb as shit. Yeah. Like let's figure out how to, how to make all this stuff and Yeah. I'm a recovering Greek. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh no, I'm fucking, I'll never kick that. I had fucking a, I had a yesterday, bro. That's yesterday. Dude. I'll never, Sorry man. I thought you had some time under your belt. No, no, no, no. You know, I've sometime I put on them nighttime underpants. you know what I'm talking about. Because? who sleeps naked baby? A criminal. That's who not I


Tommy. Johns. That's what I'm wearing. I like Tommy. Johns I. like them The male negligee they got for you Them underpants because they smooth You can feel 'em and they feel good. God, you can't even believe you're feeling yourself when you got them TJs on baby them Tommy Johns. God, they feel so good. I want 'em on right now? I'll put 'em all over myself. What I love about 'em is the waistband isn't super tight on 'em. Some underpants, you get 'em. The waistbands. so tight. So I have one sip of water and then I gotta go pee pee I don't like doing that. Tommy John lets you feel comfortable and casual inside of your own skin, exclusively For our listeners, you can shop Tommy John's amazing Black Friday sale early right now save 30% off site wide only at Tommy John dot com slash theo with code Theo. That's 30% off for a limited ti excuse me. That's 30% off for a limited time at Tommy John dot com slash THEO with code Theo. see site for details.


They say first impressions are important. What about lasting impressions? That's where Blue Chew comes in. Boy snack your way to that wiener baby. Blue Chew helps men have longer lasting and stronger erections so you can perform at your very best. Don't you want to have that baby a cane on you? You feel me? Ah, Blue Chew is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Alis La Vitra and Viagra. And those aren't urban women's names. Those are other medicines. Does it work? I didn't even say that. My wiener did. Blue Chew wants you to have the confidence to perform at your best. So discover your options at Blue Chew dot com and we've got a special deal. For, our listeners. Try Blue Chew free when you use our promo code Theo at checkout. just pay $5 shipping. That's BLUECHEW dot com com promo code Theo to receive your first month free. Visit Blue Chew dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Blue Chew for sponsoring the podcast.


Let's you also, you have an annual calendar due, which is pretty crazy. I do, yeah. And is that, is that coming out to your, That's out now. It's, yeah, that's out now. Yeah, it's the 2025. Oh, it's already out. It's all, you can already buy it. The 2025. Ooh, look At the calf on This guy. You like that dude? Look at the It's popping. Kettlebell. You're hiding there. It's popping, brother. Yeah. Wow. You Got that Rogan head down there there. Nuts and calves. That's all I got. Oh, fat. That's calves and you know. Oh, You know. And is this real? Yeah. Yeah. I'm on fucking Mount Everest right there. That's me. That's some beautiful, some of it's real, some of it is the work of my, my brilliant producer, Benjamin Butt. Cheeks. Wow. Benny Butt cheeks.


Ben O'Brien, who also directed my special, he helps me with the calendar as well. Oh yeah. That square timber. Of course. The get heads be that too, right there. Wow. Now if you zoom in on those, there's a lot of fun backgrounds Of funding to see write the set right. Adds to it. Moby Cock Do you Less GIZ bowls. Wow. Oh, the different mo books on the Yeah. Different books. Bookshelf books. Yeah. A lot of Easter eggs in here. Huh? A lot of Easter eggs. A lot Easter eggs. And then we have Halloween right there. Oh Yeah. And this is very Chelsea Lynn, you guys, she has a calendar as well. I, yes, I saw that she had that. I've been, I I've been doing a nude, this was the first thing that was successful in my career before I had anything going on.


I was, I sold a nude calendar when I was like, basically a feature I was opening for Bobby Kelly. Yeah. And dude, this was the first thing that ever made me money. I've been doing a calendar for legitimately probably I think nine years. Really? Yeah. Okay. So you were I used to poor Chelsea Lane. I used to print them myself. Yeah. I used to sell them outta my fucking Honda Civic. And now it's like, and now it makes a shit ton of money. But I would make like a couple, like back in the day I would make a couple thousand bucks and I was like, I'm fucking rich, dude. The, And the the headliner starts to hate you, dude. Oh, he sells you. That was always a thing. The headliner and the feature selling stuff. Well, that's why I mean Bobby was the man and he, he knew me and I was like then and he was cool with it. And I also would just like, I would just fucking sell it on Instagram and like mail it personally to people.


Oh, For sure. Like, I Had no all that just like sell out of the back of my fucking trunk at like, I would be headlining shitty little fucking You know. Like a Yeah. A restaurant in Frederick Maryland. I'd be Fucking, oh, it'd be 12 Polaroids a year cock or whatever. And you just throw a different month on each one. You're like, but, but if you only had 11 Polaroids, You know, it's like January, February, spring. Yeah. June, July, August. Do you ever audition other men to be in it? 'cause I was wondering if there should be more I mean? You do a great job. Right. Thank you. Thank you. But would there ever be the possibility to creating a, something around the idea of getting other men in there Interesting.


And a diversity of body types. Yeah. I. Don't know. I've never considered, I I did think at one point to get to make it like a collaborative calendar where every month Yeah. There's like a, a guest that's a different type of person. You know. Like maybe men, maybe women, some non-binary motherfuckers. Just some different body types. Just like, yeah, he Sagittarius. Whatever dude, get Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Get 'em all barbecue lovers, Whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Some, yeah, for sure. Some centar, some Oh yeah. Half Short legs. Yep. Yep. Long life Short legs. That is true. The taller you are, the the quicker you die. Is It? That's what I'm saying. Timber. Yeah. Short. People live longer.


Bring them Down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Enjoy all that. Push Six, six guys. I know. Yeah. Yeah. you get Must be nice dude. Now I'm not gonna go into the obesity metrics right now. We're just gonna keep it, we're just gonna keep it just on height. Yeah. I'm gonna take my wins where I can get 'em, brother. This ain't about me, dude. This is not about me. Some people say fat, some people say foundational. That's Right. A good foundation. You're not knocking me over in the wind. It would be cool if you got guys on there. Just get like, you can get a lot of union workers too, I Think. Sure. I would love to get Yeah, you're right. I should get, Get more laying down. Put some grapes on their chest. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely.


Dude. Grapes will, and that'll fucking, that'll Greek out Any union worker. Sure. I think they're close. I think you show them a little, you know, any, the mo the most hard edged union worker, you show them. Yeah. A little bit of the forbidden fruit of what it can be like to be, to be a fat, you know, just you, they would trade in a heartbeat. You Know what I mean. Some Ruben esque cement workers. Yes. Yes, Yes, yes. Absolutely. That's what we should, that's what we should figure out here. We should set up a situation where it's like, look, we got dms coming in. Yeah. We're not gonna be able to fuck everybody who wants to fuck us. We don't wanna fuck, everybody wants to fuck us. Right. What do you Mean? What are you saying? I'm Saying both of us. I feel like have, I'm sure your DI don't check my dms too much.


Oh wait, dms coming in. I'm saying dms. I'm saying, I say there's women you can date. Young ladies that want to You know are attracted to a style of guy older ladies across the board. We're not gonna fuck all of them. We should be able to find, in my case, Ruben esque You know union workers in your case. I don't You know I don't know exactly. Know guys that run rehabs or You know. You know. Like Guys that run Rehabs or I don Dunno. Exactly. I've been offered for a couple free 30 day stays. I'll tell you that. I, I'll You know little mullet guys. you know what I mean? Oh yeah, yeah. Theo style gentleman. Yeah. Neighbors of farmers. Yeah, Neighbors of farm. Yeah. They don't do any, any farming themselves.


But they, they got the same zip code. They got farmland, zip code, but they don't own a tractor. Oh. But they'll sit on their porch and look at at the other guys place and be like, oh, look at these soil FA over there. You know. So yeah, there's, yeah. We should be able to To hand them off. Yes. Some of the dms. That's all I'm saying. I think that would be a nice thing to do. Yeah. Yeah. Like donate a DM to someone. Donate A dm. Almost like create love connections. You know. Ooh. I Would love to see a dating site if you would put one together. I'd love To do that. I'd love to host a dating show. Actually. That would be awesome. You'd be so good at it. That'd be awesome. That could be maybe your next movie. You host a dating show and then you find love somehow. I love that little romantic comedy.


Yeah. I remember you saying one time about like, one of the reasons that you got into comedy was for dating. Right. A lot of guys. Purely Without question. Okay. And I think maybe And is that still a good reason? Do you feel like, like what's that evolved? Like a little bit You know or to get laid. Sure. Like does that that work You know? And what's the dangers also of having sex in some places, some regions of the country? The regional dangers of Cotus. Yeah. What I'm just saying, if you're ever in the bus belt, You know. Well you can't let it fly like Adam West used to. That's true. I'm definitely using condoms. I'll put it that way. There you go. I guess the dangers of the bus getting, you don't wanna get stuck in the bus belt. Yeah. you can va, you can have a, a nice visit, but you don't want to be a father that has to check in court ordered once a month that the bus belt, that's the biggest danger.


Especially if it's a layover to get to your child. Yeah. Oh no dude. How many children lose out on a father because there's a layover. Right? Right. Because JetBlue doesn't want to fucking fly direct to Akron. Oh dude. And we just used Akron a joke class. We just Crazy that you did as well because we did Show show the same Night in after. Yeah. Yeah. We were there at the same, that was, that's why I thought of it. That was fun as shit. That was fun. But yeah. What are the side effects now as you see that you've been out in the You know you've been out in the world over there, You know. Sure. Glazing, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. You know, glazing the You know different Literal glazing. Not the metaphorical, like sort of pumping somebody up. Yeah. Yeah.


You mean actually glazing? Yeah. Just, yeah. Or you know, whatever they call it. You know. Letting It Fly. Yeah. Filling the man You know, doing the manicotti or whatever. Yeah. Filling the manati up. Yeah. Yeah. Just filling up The manco. Yeah. You've been more, you know, Creaming the cannoli. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I got you, brother. But yeah. What does it, what does it look like over time? Do you feel like, Oh, Because that gets Not good. Not good at all. I mean, that's, that's something I'm facing kind of. I don't know if it's head on. I don't know if I, it's one of those things where there's a couple things remaining in my life that I feel like I need to conquer, and that's long-term health.


Like, I have, I took a lot of time off and I lost some weight this year. I lost like 45 pounds. But in the month that I've been shooting tires, promoting the movie, doing standup again, fucking, I've gained 10 pounds. Really? You know what I mean. It's like Yeah. 'cause 'cause You look more organized. Your body does. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was a, it was a mess before. It was like, when you go, remember when you just that show where they would open up random storage units. Yeah. That's kind of what my body was like. You never knew. Once the shirt comes off, you don't know what you're gonna get. Wow. You know what I mean. There is a little more, now you open up a storage unit, at least it's got some rusty shelves that all the, all the, all the stuff is in, in little boxes. There's Some curios. Yeah. Like, okay. It's a cabinet of curios up here. Yeah.


There's a little something, you know. Absolutely. I've been working out and so I still am lifting weights and stuff, and I feel better. I even, I literally city biked over here from, from Queens. Yeah. 'cause you were a little wet when you got here. I, this guy, I, I had a sweat. I was great. I was fucking city biking. Listening to sexy Red. you know, the inex, we trust a lot of bangers on that. Nothing like listening to bad bitches when you're working out. In my experience, huh? Because it puts me in that, in that head space. You know. Oh, I see. Of that like, You know there's something a little more, there's something a little more, you know. Sure. I, She's bad. Oh, I love, she's bad. Honestly. The one about the, the gentleman being outside, I don't remember which I.


Don't remember which one it is. It's sort of like a, you know, an anthem for, for the gals to get ready. Maybe it's outside. Yes. Outside. Outside. Yeah. It's basically a song about, Hey gals. You know, look real hot. There's a bunch of sexy gentlemen outside. And even though I don't wanna fuck the guys. Yeah. I could gender flip that and be like, fellas. Yeah. There's whores to be gotten. Let's fucking put on our nice shirt. Let's get out there. There's Opportunity to meet, meet These g There's opportunity to be gotten. Yeah. 'cause I'll go in the bathroom sometimes at a bar and there'll be guys in there and I'll yell like, fucking piss and get back out there. Yeah. Boys. Yeah. Come on. You've been shut. You've been shut down three times in a row. Actually. Maybe go home. And now that I think of it, you're kind of fucking the vibes up.


I just thought about it for a second. Please leave both the ratio and the vibes are being fucked up by you. I'm more like a, like a you pissy ass grant. When I'm in there, I'll just start telling you Like, you rally the boys. Yeah. Get back out there. What do you mean? What do you mean? You coked up your little qui? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you mean slap like that You know way your dick Works. Remember people used to slap people like that, That I really wanna do that once in my life. Like The three Stooges. You could be in one of the three Stooges brother. Absolutely. I would love to, I would love to do some physical comedy. Yeah. But I would also love to bring one of my friends to his senses when he is having a psychotic break with a nice Oh yeah. Get yourself together, man. That would feel awesome.


Yeah. Yeah. Get his stuff together, man. Yeah. The markets are closed. Yeah. Yeah. And that's all it used to take. Yeah. You didn't have to send someone to a fucking mental institution. No. You fucking popped him once In a public street. Simpler times, different times. Now, did he go home and hit his wife, not deal with any of the mental issues? Probably. We can't say. We don't know. Maybe it is better. Again, on second thought, there Wasn't a lot of accurate reporting back then. Right. We Don't know the numbers. Do you? What was that like taking a year? You took a year off standup. Yeah. I was it a year? It was about six months. But yeah, I didn't tour from February until I had like one date that I did.


But, but you still practice or no? No. I was, I didn't, wow. I didn't do any standup. And it was, it was, fuck, the thing that sucks is it was awesome. Like, I felt peaceful. I didn't have to travel every fucking Week. It's called being unemployed. Yeah, it was. Yeah, exactly. It felt like that. It felt great. I would, I would go on long walks. Oh yeah. I would fucking go to, I would go to like fucking the supermarket and just see what was on. It's like, what's on special today? I had like, I've never heard somebody say, I'll go on long walks. Yeah. Through the supermarket. To the supermarket. Like the Oh, to the supermarket. Not through. No, No, no. I'm like, here's this guy who's fucking Yeah. I'm pulling up to a fucking Safeway and hitting, I'm hitting all the aisles at the grocery store. It's like, oh, what do you mean?


Is that a mile marker by the graham crackers? The way they have old people walk through malls. They have fat people walk through grocery stores. Like, come on. These are your favorite things little buddy. Yeah. Yeah. You pass the ice cream eight times. you get the, you get a lick, you get a, you get a fucking thing. A whole halo top. No, I would, I would fucking walk by the water and Bal I was in Baltimore. I would take long ass walks. I would buy like one piece of meat, grill it up. Mm. Eat it with some veggies. It was a beautiful, beautiful, simple life. But I also love, that's the other thing is like, and then I did stand up. I was like, damn, this is awesome. Yeah. But I think the, the, the lesson is to not do three things at once. It's a lot.


So I think like next year when I tour, I'm not doing anything else. Like right now, I made the mistake of going from nothing to tires. The movie coming out my back to my standup, back to my podcast. I'm also, I have a tour that I'm announcing. I think actually probably if it comes out next week, it'll be then. But the Dreamboat tour, I'm doing a big all across. Like on the Water. I, yeah. That would be fucking sick. I should have done that. I should have chartered a sailboat. But no, it's more of a metaphor. Metaphorically. The dreamboat tour. Can you imagine fucking chartering a sailboat to go to your shows. That would be fucking Awesome. They're like, where is Star Wars? Like he's on the horn.


He's on the Ah, Yeah. The ca The Horn of Africa. The horn of, yeah. He got caught. The GAILs, the GAILs of November came early and caught him. Yeah. He's marooned off off Vancouver Island Off the Sey Show. Yeah. He only sold 40 tickets near the Suez Canal. He still gotta go down. He Still gotta go. He's still gotta go. Are the Greeks, the blacks of are, some people will say, some people say that, that the Greeks are the blacks of Europe or these people. Exactly. Huh? Bring up someone. Bring up Google.


No, people say that all the time. Serious, man. I love that, bro. You'll be wandering past a, an olive shop and you'll, you'll hear the door will open and you'll hear somebody yell. Are you Talking about your internal monologues? You know. Are you talking about Every time you see A Greek person? That's What you think. I'm just saying there is a lot of people call them black olives. Okay. That's all I'm saying. There's a lot of conversation about black Olives out there. Sure, sure. Hey, I'll take, I'll take that with pride. Black people are the cool, they, they're the culture they make think cool.


They're the culture drivers of America. Without question. Sure. Filters for sure. In some ways, I guess that's You know. Maybe ancient Greece. What's democracy? If not the original hip hop. Yeah. You know what I mean. How everything filtered out from that kind of You know the same way. Love It when you call me Big sovety. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. The same way music's been taking from black people forever. Everyone's kind of been taking our shit between philosophy and democracy from, But saying, Hey, if you a Pompe, Well, Pompei I believe was was that the Roman Empire? Don't be a hater. Fuck. Fuck Rome. No. Don't fuck. Took our Whole shit. Talking about, people think it's in Greece. So don't kill our that Louisiana public school system.


Cheaper globes. Cheaper globes. If if they're from 18, 20, 30 Countries, They mash Europe together. Yeah. No comment on that. Huh? I say I'll take that. Like I said, You know. Yeah. I, I had a joke on my special where, if you think of it really, I think Greeks are probably the most light-skinned Arabs. It is really what? We have more cultural, we're pretty similar people. Yeah. Loud You. know what I mean. Like loud, kind of flashy You. know what I mean. But I think people, British people loved England or England loved ancient Greece so much that they were like, we gotta make them white.


Because then white people were gr You know what I mean. Like ancient Greece was white when in reality I think we're probably like skinned Arabs. Yeah. Very loud. you know, touchy feely la you know what I mean? Like it just, it's the same vibe. The gold jewel You know I'm wearing jewels. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean Something. Yeah, for sure. Very. Yeah. Warm, intense people. We're not, we're less You know. I Feel like. Like grape. What's that? Like grapes. Like grapes. Grapes is a very middle Eastern food, isn't It? We'll take grapes, we'll take grapes, dates, all that type of shit. Oh Yeah. A date's nice. And me personally, I like, I like that kind of, that kind of that style of woman as well. Nice. Curly hair, big nose type of situation. Oh yeah. Anywhere from like You know you go Spain to the Middle East, kind of.


I had a beautiful Greek girl one time in Florida. Ooh. Okay. And popped a cup of Waer pills or something. This is early when the gas stations just happened. Sure, sure, sure, sure. And you get to ask for, when we talking about St. Street, overlord Rhino? This Was before Rhino. Wow. This was like, I think these were healthy dose or something. Yeah. Yeah. Or the last captain, I think one was called, it was like, these were hopeful ones. You know. Love it. Love it, love it, love it. And I Remember I took a couple of dude and then I was like trying to make out this girl and my nose started bleeding right onto her chest, dude. Oh. Oh, what a shame. That could've been your wife dude.


She was so cool too. She talking about a curly haired woman. Dude. I Agree. I actually, my favorite. Yeah. And you know, they're crazy. If their hair had to come out like that, you know, like he wants, you Would've been, you would've been a great 17th century doctor. She's, well, you can tell she's suffering from bouts of insanity. Look at her hair. Look at the wave in her hair. My God. Look at the printout here. This is, she's lying. Look how far apart her eyes are. That's a space for deceit. You See there's, That's the deceit zone right here. See, because she's just hole, let's calm down. But they look at they, it's like the, your a lie detector test or whatever.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What else is Go? Wow. The boner pills. Huh? That was, Was that your Yeah. Arm, bro. I took most of my life. Yeah. Because I just had so much anxiety. You, Oh dude, believe me. See, I'm lucky that I only caught the tail end of the, of the gas station era. Those are horrible. Now you can get 'em online pretty easily, but I also want in the in between. One time I convinced I had an old Italian doctor and I convinced him. I had some other, I read that like, if you have some kind of prostate issue, you can also take Cialis to like, relieve that. I just kind of read it as like I was doing my research. Yeah. For sure. And I was like, dude, I think my fucking prostate's fucked up. Acting Up.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My prostate's acting up. Yeah. He's picking up radio stations. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, damn. Yeah. And he was like, and he had to put his finger up my ass and he, and he realized the prostate was fine. But then he was like, okay, I give you the couple. He knew what I wanted, which is also like, why Jeff to put your finger up my ass? But I guess he just was hoping I was onto something and then he was like, listen, I give you this and no more. But he was like, he knew I was, I was like 20. Yeah. Short fingers. Wide fingers though. Like, come on. He was fucking awesome. And he just gave me a couple dick pills and dude, those were like, that was my holy grail.


I had like a sample pack. Oh yeah. Of Cialis. And I fucking, Oh, so when that, yeah, when those sample Cialis and stuff hit the streets, they were breaking people's windows to get those. Dude I went, when I first went to college, I went and lived with my buddy's dad. He had a Viagra prescription, right. Ooh. He lived in a one bedroom apartment. Where, heck were you living on The couch? New Orleans. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. And we would Take turns like sleeping on the couch with the bed. Right. And so, and there was You and his dad. And the reason I did was because he got a bone pill subscriptions. Right. So you could, so I could nibble off a little Sip a little. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. But he only got like eight of 'em. And I'm like, fuck. It's so hard to steal off.


The steal Out of eight is tough Because you can kind of like the third day pull one. Like, oh, he got drunk. He took two You know you can, but then you have to cut one directly in half. Like, well how did one Yeah. Just get get Just take it in half. Yeah. You gotta take it in half. You gotta make that last. Oh Yeah. Gotta I mean. Last I mean took a and then, but it's, That's a fun, that's a fun kind of Passover parable. It was horrible Making the one dick pill last. Oh yeah. 12 days. Yeah. Whatever. Just nibbling on it just a little bit. We have one can of oil and we made it last for 64 days or Whatever. Yeah. One dick pill. 100 milligram Viagra. We made it last for 12 weeks. Yeah. And we each took one lick of it. Me and my friend's dad.


Shabbat shalong. How long? Yep. Shabbat Shalong. How long were you living with your friend's father? Six months. One semester of school. God, how were you grades that semester? It, He was the crazy part. We had a wall. There was like a half wall. There wasn't a, it was a loft. The bedroom was a loft and there was a living room. It was a nice building. They did have a pool at the building. That was pretty cool. Okay. And I was learning to play guitar at the time. And so I would go in there, he'd have some, every now and then he'd have a chick stay over. I'd go in there and play. Love that. Teasing his, The song about Eric Clapton's. Yeah. Son Dying You know what it's about. Yeah. That's a song you would play while the guy was getting pussy.


Dude I don Dunno. It's about his fucking sun falling out of a window. What? Yeah. No way. How old was his son? Was he in the military? No. He was like a little ass kid. Dude. It's a tragic song. Oh dude. Sorry. Eric happens a lot. He's alive. Yeah. Oh man. So, so is your friend's dad who's giving you shelter, is getting pussy with one of his eight viagras. And he has to battle that viagra's up against that old man's LED and the saddest song, one of the saddest songs of the nineties.


A poor rendition by the way. There's no way you were good at it. You're butchering it and it's sad as shit. You bink. Oh, sorry, sorry. Bink. Bink bong. Oh, so my bad. Bink b Bink Pink. Would You know Mike Nanny Dude. But I would go in there and one time after a co they would requested me to come back in. Wow. You were the fucking, you were the music for them. Fucking Well they Usually post-coital. That would bring me in Post postal. And I also then eventually played Every Rose has its thorn.


Okay. I rock that form a little bit. Okay. And I did eventually a widespread panic. Okay. Nice. Yeah. That's good man. So that was the three songs Spread Travel Late. Yeah. Fucking rattle that. Very poor rendition. Yeah. Lot of hand beating on the fucking Sure. Bon Bon. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Try and dress it up. Yeah. you can barely play guitar. Never On a Viagra to keep me going. Yeah. Like a mouse with a little bits of cheese. And that dude was hammering dude. And I would, and I was having so much sexual issues and shit. He'd be there just fucking, I almost have Jason to cinnamon there. I'd be like, just go up the hill, man. Come on. Climb up his bunk bed. Climb up the top bunk and get Turn around.


That's a very interesting living room. Like it was crazy. Dude made dynamic. And we had an eclipse. His son had an eclipse. 'cause this dude was struggling because son had an mitubishi. Yeah. Mitsubishi eclipse. But it wouldn't turn off. Right. You couldn't turn it off. So you had to just Siphon gas until it Turned off. No, you just had to keep putting gas. So we'd keep like we had, hold on, hold On. He never turned off. You couldn't. You could, but you'd have to. Fuck. It was so hard to get back on. Okay. So we would just, we keep like extra cans of gas at the fucking parking space. We had an underground parking space. Yeah. That was it. But it was a green one. That's a nice car, man. I remember The eclipse. It was a green one and it had good rims on it too. I don. Dunno if they have that. Oh, not that green.


That is very More of a sea foam. Yeah. I would go with that one to the right of the, of the horizontal. One of the vertical one left, left, right there. Nice. Something like That. Yeah, dude. Oh yeah. Not as nice as that. But it's so Like that. But yeah, you get the idea. Yeah. But that bitch, we would keep a couple cans of gas. 'cause it got great mileage. you can fucking keep it going. I dunno how good the mileage is. If you have to keep the gas just to keep it running. I would drive that bitch over to, I went to Loyola University, I'd drive that bitch and fucking park Lo Park. Where in? There's one in In New Orleans. In New Orleans. New Orleans. Okay. And since you kept it running, people didn't, you could park in a weird spot and be like, oh, the guys just coming and going And how long would it be there?


Idling. Fucking Two hours. I'd fucking be in class. I'd be in class, dude. But it was kind of nice Right when you got to, it got right in low. Sure, sure, sure, sure. You don't have the fucking, that hassle of doing this turning, fucking, turning your fucking forefinger one inch. But it was a flex to the lady. Like, damn, that guy's a show fur. Keep It running. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Him. But It's you from the past. Yeah. It's kind of like, But that's my cha. It's a Chauffeur. Sorry guys. About rides here. My rides here. No one stole it, huh? No, They respected the eclipse. I guess I mean sometimes I would put the flashers on.


I think it's like, there's a lot of reverse psychology there. you know, SA lot of General Sherman hiding In plain sight. Yeah. Yeah. Very Much. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Very much of the Algonquin. Yeah. Yeah. How they behaved. I love the idea of, and how old was that guy at the time? Is that depressing to Think about Buddy? Probably 52. Okay. Handsome. Pretty good at tennis. Handsome. He could wear short shorts. Love That. He's a foundational guy. Foundation. We plus-size guy. Mm. Middle size. Middle size. Mid-size. Yeah. Love that. I see. I love to drink. He's a vodka, orange juice guy in the morning even. Mm. Morning drinker. And I guess a divorced man. Yeah. If he was hammering, I'd lived with his family before that and gotten Before Well, through the divorce.


Yeah. And then he got you in the divorce. He's like, how the fuck did I end up with my son's adult friend in the divorce? This bitch got the house. I got Theo playing fucking tears of heaven while I'm trying to get, keep a heart on. And meanwhile, you can barely hear the song because there's a Mitsubishi eclipse outside the window. The fumes are coming up through the underground garage. You have fucking poison. You have CO2 poisoning. Oh man. Dude, That's fucking awesome. That's crazy, dude. Was That your weirdest? That was probably one of my craziest living situations, living situations.


But I always lived for cheap man. I slept in my own, my buddy's bed for probably seven months out in Flo, in, in Los Angeles. When I first got out there, I lived in this little cupboard that was in a living room. They had like these two cupboard doors. Love it. And it was like four, three feet high. Okay. Four feet wide. Just the bed. No, there was no bed in there. It was just a floor. Right. You put it all, but it was long and it was like probably eight feet deep. Nice. So it's perfect of going to bed. Boom. Get in there like a bird, little Bird house or whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And sometimes like come out right on the hour. You know. Right, Right, right, right. Boo. But I was always sharing, dude, I slept on my buddy's floor for $150 in college and a sleeping bag.


And I'd fucking yell at him complaining about shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But he needed the money. So we just fucking, It's so fucking funny. I did the same. I, I similarly, I convinced my friends to gimme a shitty room in their house in Baltimore. I lived for 300 bucks. Oh yeah. A month. I had a room. They were just like, I was literally living on the, my, my go-to meal was beans and eggs. Oh yeah. On one. I would bake them and put them on one sheet. And that way I could just use the sheet as my plate. I wouldn't have to do dishes. I just, after I'm done eating the beans and eggs Into the washing machine. Yeah. Yeah. Directly into The washing machine with the condoms from the 18th century.


Yeah. And hang it off the fucking close Line. Don't mind if I Don't mind. No, Please, please hang them. Let the neighbors see. We're fully operational vie No, no. One eighth of a Viagra needed.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp BetterHelp. When there's, when your mental health is unsure You know what it's like. You ever been driving a car and one of the tires is shaking? Well, sometimes that kind of stuff is happening in your brain or in your emotions, or in your attitude. Just notice when you got that. When you got a bad wheel on, on your, on your carriage baby. On your brain carriage. When you got that baby wheel on there. And that thing's shaking, buddy rattling leaves your whole brain a rattling. If your, if your brain or your feelings are how you're operating in your world are uncomfortable, or they're not keeping your ride smooth. Well BetterHelp can help. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Theo today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEP BetterHelp dot com slash th.


There are some things in life that are okay to be a total crap shoot. Like trying a new type of milk in your coffee, or maybe trying a pasta sauce that you're not familiar with. But finding the right doctor shouldn't be a total crap shoot. And with Zocdoc, it's not because you've got more options than You know Zocdoc. That's what I wanna tell you about. It's a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than 100,000 healthcare providers across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, eye care, to skincare, and much more. Plus, Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. Hooray. Zocdoc. I hate waiting for appointments man. And I've used Zocdoc and it's helpful. So you should stop putting off your doctor's appointments and go to z do.com/t HE to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's Zocdoc dot com slash THEO zoc.com/ Theo.


What did I see in the news? Oh, I saw, did you see that Mark Wahlberg restaurant? Wahlburgers the Classic. It burned down though. He had a new restaurant. Uhoh A, a fancy one. Let me see. Mark Wahlberg's new restaurant in Las Vegas Burns down. Opening Day. Opening day. Wow. Mark Wahlberg was excited about today because he's supposed to open up his new restaurant. Fletcher Cantina Fletcher went up in flames just hours ago. Check this out. This is town square and it's obviously fully involved with fire here. And we have gotten a ton of emails to this station inviting the cameras out because Mark Wahlberg was gonna be there around four 30. This a Oh no on the, I know you can see the flames inside On the block. They were gonna get the oversized scissors out and welcome everyone in for the grand opening.


Oh no. So obviously That's not happening. The defrauded, You think that's, you think, you think that's just a plate of fajitas that was sizzling too much. You think that got a little outta control? That's a great point. Do we know it's not just a really intense fajita? It is Fletcher Cantina after all. Yeah. Go back and show that window right there. That does look. Yeah. Like and they spray that, that flavor on it. Smoke or whatever Like grease we have. Yeah. Yeah. That can Maybe a flambe. We do a saganaki Greek people. The cheese you set on fire. Oh yeah. Lot of different stuff.


It could be I. Don't think we should draw. Draw conclusions right away. Yeah. Dude, that's crazy. I thought it was a burger shop he was doing. Yeah, but that's wild. They're going Mexican now. Burgers Fletcher. Yeah. Doesn't sound, I gotta be honest, does not sound appealing. Fletcher sounds too much like flesh. Fletcher Fletcher. Yeah. If you're just a regular person, like I'm going to Fletcher. Fletcher Cantina. No thanks. Yeah. It's kind of bizarre. Cantina I'm okay with. He's done some interesting things. You know he had an alcohol, but then he said he didn't drink and then he came out with a tequila, which I thought was kinda wild. Interesting. Interesting. What do you think that's about? I don't know. I think it was just when, when when like celebrities were coming out with tequilas. It was purely a business move. Yeah. Like when George Clooney came out with one. Sure. One time I was in Toronto. I'm sitting there, it's like probably 1230 or something, you know, am just sitting on my computer in the lobby, dude hoping to meet my wife or whatever.


In the Lobby. Yeah. At 1230 on your computer. Desperate For attention. Probably I. Don't know. That's fucking awesome. I can't remember why After a show you're just there. I think I was doing shows. Yeah. Gotcha. So I was just hanging out because Yeah, it's, it's funny after shows you don't wanna go to like bars and shit. Still buzz and shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like you go to a bar, you're gonna see a lot of people from the show. Sometimes you can be overwhelming. Definitely. And then if I don't drink, it's hard to be there. Yep. So it's like you don't, there's nowhere usually to go. Sure. No, that's True. Restaurants are closed usually. Yep. So then you can go to like a gas station, sometimes ice cream or your hotel. Sure. But I'm sitting in there and I feel something on my neck right here on this fucking Mark Wahlberg dude Pretending to have a gun.


Yeah. He's like caught you slipping You know. Or however you You know You have failed the the Keep it on you C cha or caught lacking challenge. Yeah, Yeah. Yes. You failed the caught lacking challenge. It was like that it by Mark Walberg. I was like, look at this fucking Boondock saying out here. Was he in that movie? He was not. Oh damn. Well he was not. But he but wanted, The joke didn't land, But he does embody the spirit of the Boondock Saints thought he was in it without question. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He thought he was in it. He, but I said that and then he invited me the next day to his tequila opening. Oh he was actually really nice. He had a nice group of friends. Really chill. He Seems nice, but it's also like that level of fame where people start to go insane in a like, polite way.


Like a guy, like, it doesn't seem sinister, but it's insane to wake up at three in the morning to work out. Yeah. And play golf and like, it's just crazy. And like three 15. Yeah. Go to Ma three 15. Wake up. Pray for one hour. I mean I know. You know whatever this, I dunno if he, yeah. Two 30 I mean that's not a time to wake up. 2:30 AM Wake up 2:45 AM Crypto prayer. Yeah. Three 15 breakfast. Three 40 to five 15. Workout. That's a long workout. Respect. Respect. That's a lot. Post-workout meal. Only two hours after breakfast. That's wild. Shower, he gets an hour and a half for shower. That can't be real. Right. Hey dude, I have definitely taken some sad Showers.


Yeah. But that's not when you're fucking, when you, when you're a regimented, like planning an hour and a half shower, you don't plan an hour and a half showers. You're so fucked up that you take an hour and a half shower. I've taken some of those two Theo, I'm not judging, but that's when I'm hung over as fuck. And I'm like, should I just fucking do drugs at 7:00 AM Yeah. Like that's like you're spending 45 minutes convincing yourself not to take pills. Yeah. That's what those long showers are man. They're not thinking about the lord. And my fucking bicep curl Can't sleep. I'm so high. I should go in the shower. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Maybe if I'm in the shower, I won't purchase a prostitute. That's what that shower, maybe if my hands are wet, I can't fucking use my phone.


So I won't fucking buy pussy and hate myself. The second I nut. That's what that shower's about. That shower's not reflecting on your 3:15 AM breakfast. And look, we're cross-promoting our own lives here with yours. Yeah. Mark, we're not talking about Mar but this is from the horse. This is about we're Yeah. We're putting a little of the personal into this riff. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, it's just gotta be. But you open a restaurant dude. Yeah. Opening day and that thing cooked Brother. That's crazy. That's Crazy. But that You know, I think, I'm trying to think of anything good burnt down by us when I was growing up.


Ooh. Any good fires I don know if we had, I only have hate crimes in my neighborhood, which are not fun to talk about. Yeah. Just idiots that didn't understand that Indian people weren't like after nine 11. Some fucking idiot in Baltimore. Did I mean in person Get fucked. Yeah. They just, bur just a guy, a Sikh guy who wore a turban. He's like, he's Osama bin Laden, so I'm gonna fucking burn down his fucking mini mart. You're like, that's fucking, that guy's a librarian. Yeah. You You know that guy runs a Yeah. A seven 11 library in the middle of it. Yeah. For literally he was like a fucking nice guy. I just went to a nice Indian restaurant here the other day called Bungalow. Nice.


I love that. I like a nice Indian. Yeah. There it is. This indie. Oh, Vic. Vic Vic is the chef there. Vico dude. He let us sit at the chef's table. They put a little Table. Ooh, I love that. Right by the kitchen. It was, it's fancy, but it's not crazy fancy. I gotta, what's wrong with this guy on the podcast? It was just fascinating to like, eat Indian food. Learn like just about some of the energy and why they have certain things. It was f it was, that Looks awesome. Don't check it out. A ton of Indian people. And he said a lot of Indian people don't go out to dinner. 'cause a lot of them cook at home. Yeah. And they always want, they always believe their cooking is better than other places. I Get that. I understand that I mean they're, I do not believe that at my place. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well what your tra the traditional JCDA smoothie.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. A slim Jim Quesadilla. s Like That's what you grew up on. And nobody can make these better than my mom. Owl meat. Fried rice. Little bit of squab in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. From the holidays you get A little bit of squab maybe. Yeah. Maybe a nice, maybe a nice possum rib roast. A little bit of ong we call it. Huh? A little bit of fucking sidewalk oysters. Yeah. you know what I'm talking about? What were we just talking about? The Indian people will not go out to eat. Right. But That restaurant was really great, man. Went there, there was kind of cool. I Love that. I went, I was in England, I was in London and I had Indian food and it was so incredible.


Yeah. They, they here. Yeah. Well, You know, that's the one upside to the fucking, the British Empire. It's like if they, they Brought Indian food along. If, if they fucked up India, the least I can do is go enjoy a nice meal. Yeah. As a result, You know they're there either way. Yeah. So, but it was good as fuck. It was, You'd be a good Indian, I think. Thank you, man. Yeah. I appreciate that a hundred percent, man. Yeah. I've got some Buddha qualities. I just think Yeah, they would herald you. I feel like, Like Well, they do respect the cow. So I have a bull. Kind of like a bull. Yeah. I think they would just, yes. I, I have kinda like a bull. You could like an Indian sumo wrestler.


I would love that. Yeah. Yeah. We could start That could be one of your, another movies. Like you go to India to be the first Indian Sumer restaurant. Right. Put you in some semi off brown face. Yeah. I don't know about that. I don know that we, yeah. Maybe I'll just get a nice tan, huh? No, I can get, I can get pretty crispy. Dude. Can You Greek Mediterranean blood, you know, maybe that's it. Maybe that's what happens. I get such a tan that someone mistakes me for an Indian. Signed you up. Signs me up to be the first Indian sumo wrestler. And there we go. India's first female sumo wrestler. Defying odds and empowering women. There we go. Al Dave is their name. Al. Shout Out to Al Al Dave's journey. And Sum Wrestling is not just about personal Trump, it's about rewriting what's possible for women in India.


Love that. Huh? Push him around Al love Interest. Yeah. I could, I could smash an India, an Indian Summa wrestling woman. No problem. That's Love dude. That's love. Absolutely. I can't really tell. I'm gonna say yes. I'm gonna give it a, a hesitant yes from that picture. Sounds say love that I would smash I mean For the movie that she could be your Life. Yeah. And I'm saying, you know, I want do it for real. You know. Let's see what happens. Huh? Let's, yeah, let's see what kind of sparks fly on set. Yeah. Dude, that's all it is. Dude. You Know you think of romance. Maybe it's possible between you and Spade. Maybe you guys just have like a come become gay later in life. No, There's a gay, there's I think Tim Dylan might be in it.


Okay. Small part or just be part part. So who do you think sucks? Who off then? Not it. So TBD bro. To be David. DV, d to be Dave. So we'll see what God wants outta those guys. Love that. Love that. Yeah. Yeah. I could see Tim doing that. Pulling off. What about, what about the election over there happen? Man. Did, did people go crazy out here in New York? Did you feel any of that energy? I, where was I? I just felt so glad that it's over. I was filming I. Don't Know. Are you? Were Philly taping? Yeah, we were taping. We were doing tires. You Were doing tires, right?


How exciting is that too? Tires Fucking rules. Yeah. I mean, What's it like between second season and the first season over? Is this set different? 'cause it set's Not different. Same. But We, Yeah, we're in the same spot and it's, I think it's gonna be fucking great. I mean the first season. I didn't even know when I agreed to do it. I thought it was going on YouTube. Yeah. Like it was like Shane texted me. There was no like agents involved. There was nothing. He was like, Hey, we're doing this thing. They didn't have scripts. We were kind of writing shit as we were going. Like I was supposed to have a small part and we just had like, so much fun doing it. They kept like adding it was like so fun. And we felt like we were just making a fun web series. you know what I mean? Like, 'cause I loved Gillian Ke was so fucking funny.


Their sketches were so good and, and I almost was in one and then it like fell through. And so I just wanted a chance to work with those guys. Yeah. So when Shane hit me up, I was like, I don't need to know shit. Let's just fucking do it. And it's insane that this thing that we did in, honestly, dude, we did in a few weeks and then we did like a couple days of Reshoots and it was a fucking show that was top 10 on Netflix for like two weeks. It's insane. My mom liked it. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And so, and so I think I mean we've been shooting from, I think we started in October and we end in the middle of December. And so it's You know much more time. They actually had a real writer's room. They went over the scripts.


We have, I don't want to Yeah. You know I'm the least important. I don't wanna give away too much, but there's like a bunch of cool actors in it that, you know. But You play the brother, right? I Play, I'm basically like their, I'm basically like, Or the dad, the other manager? No, no. I'm The, I'm the guy who's not in the family. Basically. I'm the guy who's like, it's like a family tire shop and I'm like the kind of middle manager gm. Got it. Who's just kind of in the middle of it. You can't tell if I'm good at my job or not. Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm just kind of a pig again. Pretty hard role. A horny idiot. It was really hard for me to get into the, into the character, but it's gonna be fucking good, man. I mean, and those guys are great. I mean, is It shot on sticks or is it shot like the office?


I've seen it. I it is just been probably four months. Still Saw it. Both I mean? It depends. It's a mix, but it's mostly, I I would say it's mostly handheld. They have some, some, you know, steady shots. But No, it's, we have the whole crew is fucking awesome and Oh, it's so much fun, man. That girl in it is so good. Kyla crushes it. Well that's, that's what's awesome about like, you gotta love Shane. 'cause he legit brought his friends along. Yeah. In like a very Sandler way. But the second he could like Steve Gerban, who is, you know, so good. He's the man, he's the lead. But it's like they did open mics together. You know what I mean. Like Yeah. That whole crew, Kyle, the same thing. And, and McKeever who directs it is so fucking good. He's such a great director.


Shane's a great actor and it's, it's awesome. It's just great to see that kind of shit. I mean that, that's Part like, funny shit. And it's again, and people saying queers, people fixing tires. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well he's What this country was founded on. Right, Right, right, right, right. Misogynist fixing tires. Loved it. Yes. You're gonna have to deal with a little bit of misogyny, but yeah, we're gonna get you back out on the road. Yeah. Yes. Get, You Know, you want the chassis tightened up or not? That's been the story of our, of history. But yeah, I mean it's a re if you're setting us some shit in a tire shop, that's how those motherfuckers behave. Yeah. You know what I mean. Like you gotta be realistic about It.


You think there're a tr like a trans male swimmer in there or something? Yeah. Ooh. That would be interest. Yeah. Him. Would we be these better tires? Yeah, that would be good. These tires ain't tired Enough on the way, on the way to the maybe maybe on the way to the meet. Yeah. you know what I mean? Bring them in. See? Get the Fellas. Ooh, Reginald has a magic tire. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, what the fuck is happening? No, you need a fucking, yeah. All people want is just art, art to reflect life, man. Yeah. Let's be realistic. And if your thing is set in a tire shop Yeah. That's how those guys have to behave. Yeah. I'll watch the Trans Swimmer show. Yeah. That's fun. And they can go do You know. They can fucking talk the way they actually talk. And if you have tire guys talk the way they talk, You know what I mean, right?


Yeah. That's what you just need is I think that's people just want the reality of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's Like, and I agree. And those Guys are funny as shit. My dad's a contractor. Those guys are hilarious growing up around these fucking morons. They're stupid as shit. And they, they, they, they rag on each other so much. Oh yeah. It's fucking awesome. It's Great. And the office was set in an office and Yeah. You can't really say wild shit in an office so it, it can be a little bit more mainstream. But if you're gonna do some shit in a tire, in a family owneds tire shop Yeah. It's like Anything goes there, Anything goes. They're talking. Yeah. That is the wild West. Yeah, absolutely. A family owned, like that's The Gaza strip of fucking Humanity.


There's no oversight. Yeah. There's no oversight. No matter what, no matter how many reports. The UN rights, you're not stopping that. You're not stopping the fucking family owned tire shop from saying racist shit. Yeah. You just, you can't do it. It's, that's how it goes. Same thing with diners. I mean. Yeah. You can't, I would ne don't let, don't let a teenager work in a Greek diner. Okay. Just don't do it. You're gonna have, don't let, don't let the hostess work for some guy, the evil variant of me from a different universe that has same hair, open black polo You. know what I mean. You don't want him fucking, you don't want him sexually harassing the hostess. you know what I mean?


No. Well, I just, as long as the guy who's making my food has has a, like a thing of toilet paper stuffed up one of his nostrils. I don't give a Fuck. As long as one of the line cooks is going through active withdrawals. Dude. Hey, you want your egg scrambled? Yeah. Yeah. Just by his hand. Just holding there with a spatula. Greek restaurant. Same thing. Look, there might be some chest hair on your lamb chops, but it's gonna be the best lamb chop you've ever had in your life. You really want to get the fucking food safety people involved in this. You want a bland, hairless lamb chop. Be my guest God lamb. Huh? The pussy of beef.


I agree. Game me. It Really is kind of, You know, it's good as fuck. You're like, what part of the lamb is this? This is good, dude. Oh, I love a nice fucking lamb chop. How, how does it feel? You're kind of, you've become a staple of your favorite football team. How does that kind of feel every Time? That's awesome. I love the Ravens. It's fucking sick. And I have a show, I have a show at the Lyric, which is, I did it last year. I did a bunch of shows this year. I'm doing a couple for the holidays. It's fucking nuts to go to your fa the team you grew up rooting for and it's like, they fucking put me on the jumbotron. Dude, you get a big pop. I got to fucking Yeah, you get to I got to meet players. I get to meet this Guy who, what player is that? That's Real fan Dan.


Oh, okay. Who is a, yeah. Oh, he does the R-A-V-E-N-E-S dance. Oh, he gets To go. Oh, he gets To go A He's got some, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I would, yeah. The chapon version Chapel. Raven dude Chapel Raven. That's me, dude. Super Bowl. And yeah, they put this on the Ravens Instagram account. The official Ravens Instagram account. Let me put on fucking a helmet. Yeah. You gotta rip a dart on there. Next time. They wouldn't let me, they wouldn't let me mention guns. They would, they or Suboxone. Yeah. Yeah. Which is crazy. Also, Suboxone Wilson is a player there too. Which is Yeah, great on the edge.


Great On the edge. Not allowed dude, bro. The saints have the saint the someone keeps tweeting about the, the Pope keeps accidentally tweeting about the New Orleans Saints. Dude, can you see if you can find that? Yeah. That's fucking awesome. Unbelievable. Were you, you were a, are you an LSU guy? Are you a a Here's who I Saints Guy. I'm a saints guy. But they've been under, they've underdelivering for the past few years. Yeah. And that's been Pope Francis keeps accidentally tweeting about the New Orleans Saints. So that's where we Are. The hashtag saints are formed by the beatitudes, poor meek, merciful hungering and thirsting for justice, seeking peace. Okay. Yeah. See they have some issues with the refs.


Yeah. Yeah. I think the saints, the post went up before the saints lost to the lowly Carolina Panthers marking their seventh street defeat. God is not on your side. They took It out. But in the actual tweet, it was showing the Saint's logo every time he hashtags saints. Wow. Wow. And there he is, right there. Thank you for your prayers, Pont. If we need them. What? Interesting. But that now does that prove, there it is. Does that prove that ca the Catholic god is not real because a tweet from Pope Francis doesn't even get you to beat the fucking Panthers. That's A good point. I'd like to see You know a Muslim guy tweet about you.


I'd like to see this is a good way to see, see Who wins. Who wins. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. This is how we can tell who's right. Yeah. Each religion tweets about the new Saints tweeters. Start your fingers tweet and they rattle off tweet And they rattle off tweet. We get to see, you See who really gets, who is It? Islam, Judaism, tweet. Yeah. Each Judaism each week they all get a shot. They all get a shot. Wicken Catholicism. Wicken. Yeah. Get some fucking fat bitches with black lipstick to put a curse on your opponent. Tear out a raven's heart. Oh Dude. One time I was walking on the beach in like Destined Florida at night and we, like, we were kids and we got to go to the beach and I met this girl out there pretty Ruben Nests girl, you Know, love that. And so she's like, I want you to hold me in the water or whatever.


And it was like, hell yeah. I'd hidden like a bottle of wine that I saw from someone in the sand earlier in the day. So I'm out there literally digging in the fucking sand by myself under like, probably pretty decent moonlight, right? Sure, Sure. Some fucking digging in there. And like, like I'm one of those like, like watching the Gron run or whatever, like I'm a pregnant turtle, trying To see how many of your babies make it to see. Yeah. Literally I'm just looking for a bottle of Zinfandel putting my hand. And, and then she came up and we had a couple sips. I, we were talking and stuff. She's like, I want you to hold me in the water. So then we're out in the fucking water. Dudes love that kissing. It was fucking ridiculous. Was She any wicking or Just Yeah. And she was wicking. Yeah.


Interesting. That's what I was about to tell You. Interesting. Did she do any chance or enchantments to you? No, she just said some stuff that she didn't believe in this and that, and she was wicking Interesting. And that she had to be pregnant by a certain time or whatever. And you didn't oblige. You're like, I'm out. You want this white tail or not? I was like, this Zindel is gotta fucking goldendale. Did you, did you encounter any like, 'cause I, I think about like New Orleans. It is. They have some spooky, some spooky shit. Any witches, any like voodoo shit. Did you ever encounter any of that stuff? I stole money one time off of a allar there and I, oh no. And my life was bad for like seven months and then swear to God, I believe you did.


It was the crazy part. I sold the money and then used the money to buy peanut butter M and msm. Right. Hexed for peanut butter m and ms. Oh. And so that horrible. And I finally, and I, I was on the road for a while and then I finally got back home and I put them, I went and put twice as much money back and It was all good after That. Yeah. Well we grew up, there was a lot of pro, like there was like snake fucking Protestants. You know. Sure, Sure, sure, sure, sure. Now hold on. What, what kind of altar and where was this altar? This was in the French Quarter outside, like on the edge of the French Quarter. Gotcha. And it was just kind of out there. Yeah. They just had a thing put together. And It's interesting how many different types 'cause Greek people have. Like when somebody, we have like the kind of like a little altar for like your past loved ones.


And if you think about it, it is, even though we're Greek Orthodox, that's so clearly like a, a pagan ritual. You put a little altar for the, for the deceased. That's not in like Christianity anywhere. Just, you know. But I wonder, well I wonder if there we should spend more time communicating with the deceased You know, like Sure. Helping relieve You know. Or is there anything that they need to tell us? It's like we're just like, fucking be You know. Like once they clock out, we're like, you are off the fucking Yeah. We're going to Maggiano's. Yeah. Having some pasta in your memory and that's it. Yeah. They just like, because the Mexicans do that every year. They let the back. That's true. you know, they let all the You know Let 'em Out for one, one last Fiesta. Yeah. Like on MS 31st or whatever Halloween night, they let all of like the family members come back.


You Know. Yeah. You ever see Coco the movie about that? Yeah. I think Joey Diaz is, oh no, that's, so I'm thinking of Diaz. Joey Diaz is in Coco. I thought he was in it. That's awesome. Fucking tremendous, dude. You gotta deal with your generational trauma. You cocksucker stop depending on your grandfather to said to turn your life around. That's awesome. I think I did try to watch this on a plane or Whatever. This legitimately destroyed me when I saw it. What happened was, so me and my brothers, we had a tradition where we would take some kind of hallucinogenic, whatever big like Hollywood re release was out that You know, like a big fun action movie or like, like Star.


The first, the, the first time we did it was the new Star Wars prequels where it was like, we didn't give a fuck about Star Wars that much. But yeah, you take some fucking acid, you watch Star Wars. Oh yeah. It's gonna be fucking awesome. Oh yeah. So we would do that on Christmas or around Christmas. We'll store fight your stepfather in the fucking yard. Yeah. Yeah. You really, you really will. Actually it did cause some issues Out there. Surprise Attack with a catalytic converter out there. Boy, I'm fucking, Ugh. So yeah, we did that and then one year we were gonna, it was Aquaman was coming out. Oh Yeah. Forgot to buy fucking tickets ahead of time. We thought for sure. There's no way, you know, Aquaman's gonna be sold out and then we forget. So it's sold out. We get there. I'm already on Aston.


Oh my God. And we're like, all right, let's just get back to the house asap. We're we're all fucking on ass. You go into the film. We didn't have, we couldn't. So then my brother's like, Coco is pretty like colorful. This could be fun, dude. It's a story all about family. Like my best friend's mom had just died. We were like, it's a story all about like family and, and dude, I'm just tripping my nuts off just Sobbing and being like, dude, I thought I was gonna watch Jason Momoa fight a fucking punch, a fish in the head. And now I'm thinking about my dead grandparents. And if they're proud of me Or not. It Was so fucked up, dude.


Wow. And then my brother, I was like sobbing so much afterwards. My brother's like, all right man. And he just put on Thor Rag in the Rock for me to just fucking calm down. Hey man. He's like, he like, I was a fucking baby. You got. He's Like, here's your fucking dumb movie. 'cause I would watch that on Acid a bunch. That was a fun thing I would do. Sometimes he Puts on Windy Weather foot on, on YouTube, Like, yeah. He puts on soft core pornography with huge Titted women. He's like, here you go buddy. Your favorite stuff. Girls Windy Weather Foot is a children's. Oh No, sorry. I Was, I was just thinking Windy I. Don't know what Windy Weather Foot is. I was just going into stuff I liked, you know? Yeah. Windy Weather Foot is a nature based animation series on YouTube.


If you like children in Nature, you might like it. Right. That would've been a better thing to calm me down. Yeah. But yeah, it was fucked up. How much cocoa on acid when I was not emotionally ready to deal with it. How fucking destroyed me, dude destroyed me. But You know Acid is just such a wild thing that they make. Yeah. Because first you're like, you're telling me this little bitty square of paper it's Gonna do Shit, is gonna remodel the way I Yeah. Experience the world. It Completely fucked my brain up Is gonna make me hide behind the car in your yard. And cry about what? How your parents made each other.


I. Don't know. Guys, Same thing last, the last one we did was Avatar. And I literally was fucking crying at that too. But that was more like the movie was affecting me. I was like, oh fuck dude. The fucking little guy's gonna die. I was fucking crying. And like moments before I was laughing at what a stupid movie it was. And then they kill a character. I'm like, oh, he's fucking dead, bro. My brothers were just laughing at me. They weren't as fucked up as I Was. And it's just the, just the attendant is just shining a flashlight right in your eyes. Yeah. You give him your license. That's when you're fucked up at the movies. Yeah. you get him your Yeah. You hand the got your driver's license, the guy just shining a light on you.


Oh Fuck. Dude. I've been watching all those, like around the holidays, I'll start watching a lot of those military people come home videos. Oh, That's, that'll fucking do it to you for sure. Surprise. At the school while We look for that. One more time. I was on acid at the movies. I was, the people in the theater thought I was a special needs because I was like, and What was it? What gave it, or what gave them the impression? I was Again on, I was actually on mushrooms and acid at the time. Okay. And it was a packed one. And Bob You know you, you familiar with Babu Frick? He's a little Star Wars guy. He's a little Star Wars Muppet. Okay. And every time Ba Frick would come on, I would be like, yeah, I would be so happy. Oh, you loved him Because I was so on acid.


I was so that I had kind of re returned to being a fucking baby. Oh yeah. And so he was just a cute little Muppet guy. And every time he'd come on, I'd be like, yeah, ba Fucking free. And Papa couldn't stop laughing and people look were mad. And then they looked at me and then I saw, I saw them be like, like their faces softened because They go, oh, this guy's special needs. They Thought there's like, there's no way. They thought I was like, some teenager. They just looked around. It's like, there's no way a man, this old and fat is not special needs if he's reacting to ba ric this way. And then, and they looked at my brother and my brother was like, sorry. And they were like, oh no, it's No, it's fine dude.


I fuck. It's, I don't even know what to say now. Some memorable acid. You, you're not an acid on movies. You just do. Oh, me and my buddy, well, I've told this story recently. There's just one that I remember, but Oh, it's okay. We, we went to the Waffle House in our town. Right. Love that. And we got there at like four 30 in the morning and there was a gay, or there was a, a homosexual urban male in there. Waiter. Love that. Right. We'd never seen a gay black guy. Right. Wow. How old were you? We were probably 14. Right. Okay. That's big. Yeah, It was big dude. We're very excited. That's some of the funnest, but we're, that's one of the funnest type of guys in the world. Oh, we're so high, dude. Yeah. And we're so, we're so high that all we could do is fucking laugh On who?


Genics or just Weed. Yeah. We're tickets. Some LSD. Cool. And so we went there 'cause it was open. It's the only place that had lights out where you could beat somewhere. Yes. And be young and not have to, as long as you were buying food, you had a Yes. Legal reason to be. Yes. Yes. There. Yes, Yes, yes. I'm legally here for breakfast. Right? Yes, yes, yes. Honor. Well, we started laughing so hard. Your Honor, may I use the hash browns defense? I would like to enter the hash browns defense. Sorry, go ahead. No, it's So you guys are fucked up. Oh. And we're so fucked up. My buddy starts laughing so hard and starts fucking choking. He's laughing so hard. The guy, the witness starts giving him the fucking I I maneuver dude. So there's a bro, I laughed.


I fucked My That's I mean. That would destroy me. My body was coming outta my fucking Body dude. Yeah. Yeah. I was doing like this. I was like, and my body's just getting fucking remodeled by this breakfast brother. Dude. Yeah. Just fucking reshaping him, bro. Love it. Smothered him. Fucking And what's style, the gay guy? Are we talking? Does he have like eye line on Small But strong. Small but strong. Yeah. Small but strong. Like just Posture and the way he talks. Mm. What do you mean what? Quick golf? Short Or shifty quick with his words. Had flare on. Ooh. But didn't need to have it on. Right, Right. That's not mandated by Like, he had so much on, you almost thought he was like one of those people that blows up the balloons or whatever. Like, what is this guy? Yeah. Yeah.


He's selling them. He's like, he's Like, yeah, blow up some breakfast. Yeah. He's being fun. Yeah. That, That he's being fun. Great attitude. Great god. Great attitude. Saved your friend's life. Yeah. I went to SNL the other night too. That was pretty cool. Oh hell Yeah. We saw Bur Fuck. Yes. Dude was awesome. Awesome. That was cool. It was cool just to be there. You ever ever been there? I've Never been there. No I want to go. And I have I mean I have friends who are on the show now and like it would be cool to go, but I just You know. Always traveling. Never hear Saturday. It's a hard night to to be. They'll Probably ask you to do it this year. I bet. No, don't. I don't think think so. I'd love to, but I would. You I would absolutely love to. Yeah. I mean I. Don't wanna fuck You know it seems like, 'cause I have friends who are on the show and it's like, seems like a hard job.


Yeah. That's the thing we're as, as much as stressful as it is to like have to put out shit constantly and be touring. Like you're still your own boss. I can't imagine a as That's a great You know, that's a huge comedy show that people still watch, but you're somebody's fucking employee. Yeah. I can't imagine doing that anymore, dude. Yeah. Even if it's a cool fucking job, just being worried about my performance at work. I can't do that shit, dude. That's fucking crazy. Yeah. I Would Love to ho It's a dream to Host it. Right. But if I, I, yeah. That's why I say like I'm a, I work for myself and I'm a hard person to work for. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I'm my own boss and my boss is a fucking idiot.


And my boss is an asshole who sometimes Who was an asshole. He's a fucking Idiot. Yeah, he's a closet. I'm asexual as well. Hey, that's a lot. Okay. If I saw you in Houston, If your name is Mark and we hooked up in Houston. Hold on guys. Lemme start over. Sorry. You can't help it. The dad just, God, that was so, that's awesome. But I had to play in the dark and that was a challenge. I remember That. That's good for your understanding of the fretboard. Yeah. You know challenge. It's c more challenge intuitive. It's more, Yeah. SNL was great. It was cool to see. Well bur Bur Bill Bird dropped into a lot of the characters that he like the acting part where you're like doing the character.


He did a really great job at, he's A good actor man. Yeah. He really like, try You know. It's like, yeah. 'cause some of it, it was like kind of, you would think it's a little cheesy or whatever. Sure. But he like, you know, You gotta commit. Right. You're there. You know what I mean. Like sketch comedy in general is a little, is a little cheesy. But if you're gonna do it, you gotta fucking do it. You know what I Mean. It was cool. Magee played. Hell yeah. That was pretty dope. I'm trying to think of what else happened. Any you go to the after party or anything like that? I didn't go. Yeah, I heard that. It's interesting. They line up like limos and people all from the show go get in the limos and they're just waiting outside and it takes everybody to the after party. Interesting. So a show Of force. Yeah. It's kinda like how North Korea has a bunch of tanks and stuff. S and I was like, we got 12 limos. Yeah.


Don't fuck with us. We're not. We got what we got Dave. We got 12 limos gonna the Dave and Busters in Times Square. Yeah. Yeah. And all of our drivers are addicted to porn. If you're in North Korea, you see that? That's Awesome, dude. Salute to those guys. Yeah. That they made a big mistake Once, once someone gets a little taste of pornography, you tell me they're gonna go back to no porn. Yeah. This could legitimately lead to the toppling of the North Korean regime. Little dabbled. Do you dude? North Korea soldiers in Russia gain internet access view lewd videos. This is from Ukrainian world congress.org. Where the Fuck are you getting your News man?


The same place everybody is. Dude. Ukrainian World congress.org. What The fuck is this? This is a website we made a half hour ago. This is all news now. It's whatever you want it to be. A usually reliable source. This is from, this article tells me that the North Korean soldiers who have deployed to Russia have never had unfettered access to the internet before. As a result, they're gorging pornography. Gorging on pornography. Wow. That's awesome. Gorging is crazy. Gorging me the equip. What's gorging? Like the equivalent of? 'cause I've gorged on food. Yeah. Probably mouth a couple. Use a couple of phones only at once.


I don't think it's their best soldiers. Mm. I think they're sending expendable guys. There's no way. Kim Jong-Un is sending his bests Out. There's, they're sending, he might Want to get the more the masturbator out of his ranks. He might have sent the masturbator out. A hundred percent. Let's do on A couple. Dude, guys. Dude, can I just say he looks awesome. Look at that fit, bro. Wow. I want a dress like that for real? You can do that, man. I need those paints. I need that fucking leather jacket. Is that goat leather? Yeah. Yeah. Where do they get it from? It's shiny. He's looking awesome. Oh, he looks great. I think especially over the years. He's Really figured his lookout. He's come, he's come into his own. They say he gets massages every day.


And you Interesting. And facials too. I'd Love that. I would love to live like that. I Would love A massages. Look how high the one dude is on porn. Right above your cursor to the right. Zooming on that guy right there. Right there. Zoom in on that guy right there. There we go. I can't go any, I gotta Oh, you can't. Sorry. Screenshot. Enhance. Let's get a shot of that guy. So you See the Hats are pretty, the hats are pretty High. Great hats. I've watched that much form before. Well, one of my ears turned really red. Damn. That's crazy, man. Yeah. Yeah. That's A lot. Because he's lost all the blood from that ear. And it's gone. Translucent. 'cause that's all a pump into his cock.


It's all being used brother. All non-Essential blood is being redirected to your dick when you see porn for the first time in 40 years. Oh dude. I remember at school when I would've to take tests, I would fucking tie my legs off like this to keep the blood like up by my brain. Oh, smart dude. So I'd be able to have more oxygen in my brain. Help me think That's, where did you find out about that? Who told you about that? Was that just You? know what I mean? Just good idea. Just good Idea. Did it work? Yeah. Think it was nice. Was pretty good. Pretty good student. You know. Love that dude. Yeah, it was fun, man. Just being alive back then. Yeah. Fucking beautiful. Leg skin. Oh Yeah. What's the leg skin looking like these days? You don't really show off the gams too much. I Don't that much. Yeah. I mean I put 'em away today.


That's not bad. You know. That's not bad. I mean. Yeah, I'm, yeah. They won't be in Westminster, but You know they won't be in the dog show, but I do. So I think if I get in the gym for a couple weeks, I'll show 'em. You know. Please do. I will. Thank you man. Please do. But see, that's the thing. That's a blessing of being a foundational man. Thank You, man. Yeah. Yeah. We got some thick, and I'm even hiding the calves too. I, what, what bothers me is I'd love, I'm a little too milky white up here. You got those four five walls right there, baby. Those things are Yeah. Dude. Category three. Yeah. Oh yeah. Fucking you could hang out. You could hide two bitches behind those. You could, you could, you could take shelter behind my calves. No problem. I would love that. Yeah. Dude. What else is happening, man?


Anything else you guys wanna talk about? Police seized a goat from an 11-year-old girl and she won a $300,000 settlement. What is up with cops taking fucking animals, Dude. Yeah. Something happened with a mon a squirrel. Squirrel too. Huh? I don't understand why people are fucking, it's just, it like bureaucrat. Like who gives a fuck and good for this girl? She won 300 k. Now I don't know all the facts. Hopefully this goat wasn't biting people's dicks off or whatever. It turns out the goat was a fucking piece of shit. But if it was just a nice little goat, Vanessa Shakib. Yeah. It's tough to know. The goat was seized by sheriffs.


Go back to the top a little bit. Sheriff's deputies in 2022 while living at a North Carolina farm and was later slaughtered. Why did the, did they eat him As outlined in court documents? You can't slaughter a goat for no reason, for no reason. I agree. No. Not for no fucking reason. But if, look, if they had a nice, a Cop like, nah, we're getting this guy outta here. Yeah. And the goat's just like, ah. Yeah. The, the sheriff's de did nothing that enforced the law. Yeah. Right. I, Who knows if this is even right. And then they got this squirrel or whatever. He did something, Some dumb bitch snitched. They shouldn't have killed peanut. But the bitch who snitched is obviously the biggest villain in here. But also the cops overstepping cops love killing a fucking animal when they can.


Man. They do. They'll shoot people's dogs for no reason. They just fucking like killing shit. It's like quiet 'em down. It's just a fucking terror key. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He had a gun. Yeah. The, The parent had a gun. Oh man. What do you think of the world right now? Do things feel okay now to you? Are you scared? Not really, because I know there's the, there's the, the election, right? Yes. Do you, what are people truly scared of, do you think, when they talk about Trump? Because, but what is it? I'm, I'll, I kind of start to wonder what do people be scared of? I can tell you Right. I mean the thing. So for me, you know, I didn't love either candidate here. I didn't, I really didn't understand being enthusiastic about either candidate.


I think You know, I'm not a Trump guy, obviously. I think he's, he is dangerous in the things that I'm scared of the most. And the thing that made me, that made me lean towards Kamala was more than anything was the Supreme Court. And that it would be, if it's put under like far right control. Yeah. For the next however long we've already seen, you know, women's right to, you know, over their bodies. The, the abortion You know Roe v Wade's been overturned, which I think is really dangerous. That's going to like, really affect women's healthcare already in states that banned it. You see they're getting less just general ob GYN care because it's more dangerous to be a doctor in those states. So we don't think about shit that trickles down.


So like it's harder to get just general healthcare, let alone abortion in Texas now for women. And that's only gonna get harder in rural states. And I think for me, that was the number one issue. Yeah. That's really fucking scary to me. Well, Especially with the border being open and they're letting rapists in it's fucking You. know what I'm saying though? It's like you're just Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Think I mean. I don't know if it's the best time to repeal that. Yeah. Yeah. Saying If we're gonna follow your logic and you claim they got rapists coming in, maybe we should also keep abortion. But You know, I think we got plenty of homegrown rapists too, but You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We've got our own. Sure, sure. We union Guys, we've got, we've got some, some heirloom American rapists for sure.


Jesus Christ. But I think, I think that's my, the number one thing that scares me is about that because it's not only, that's the first step and I think you can really see stuff that we take for granted is progress. Gay marriage is another thing. There's a really weird cultural, I think this is what happens anytime the party that's backed by the You know the powers that be big business. The rich pe the richest people in the world want far right. Politicians. And I think if they Do you think still? Absolutely. Without question. I feel like tech is now I I just feel like the party Elon Musk, Musk is a is is a, was the huge, is a huge Trump guy. That's a good Point. I think rich people have, will support whoever's in power number one.


But they want to transfer wealth from the poor to the rich. They've been really good at doing it. The biggest issue, I think the reason the Democrats lost is because they pretend that there is no problem. That the, it's like, that's fucking crazy. You have to tell people that yes, there are issues here. PE shit is more expensive. I think inflation, I think a big, a big part of inflation is that companies realize they can just charge you more and say it's somebody else's fault. A lot of it's price gouging That's You know. That's fucking true. Yeah. And the but you should. Yeah. Everything gets almost more expensive. Ex be and companies are, some of it is just real inflation. But some of it is companies are hiding behind inflation. And like there was no Democrats did nothing to stop price gouging.


Right. They didn't even say they were gonna do it. The you can't tell people that things are going good when they're just clearly not. And there were just No, it sucks because they offered the democratic parties become like they were going after fucking Dick Cheney and fuck. Who's like, That's so bizarre. It's crazy because they're going after policy-wise, mod You know moderates, Republican, Republican people who most working class people don't agree with the economic stuff that they're saying. And then culturally, it's not, it bothers me when you become a a, a party of like tattletales, it's like, it's become a party of like middle managers that want to get mad at you if you say the wrong thing.


And it's like, that's not fucking, that's not the most important issue. The most important issue for people is that things are fucking more, they have no healthcare wage. Inequ is outta fucking control. We're not, the people's wages have not kept pace with how much bosses are earning. Well, yeah. Well what percent I mean? Bernie Sanders say greatly that he thought if AI starts to happen for companies Right. So companies are making more money 'cause of ai. 'cause they don't need people. Yeah. Right. Then some of that money should go to the employees of course. As opposed and cutting cut down their hours for the week. Yes. Now you give them a better life instead of just making it where well fucking well We don't need you anymore. Yeah. You know what I mean so you don't get anything.


And we keep all the fucking profits. And I do think I mean, I think we talked about it a little bit last time where it's like AI is a tool to fucking do creative shit is, it's so weird when it's like, it should be making normal people's lives easier. It shouldn't just be for rich people to be able to charge less. Like you, there should be some protections for workers and we should be able to like You know you should be able to fucking buy a house. All these fucking regular issues that weren't really hit on. It was just, well, you gotta vote for us. 'cause the other person's worse. And even though I think that is true, that's not a winning message. That's nothing. Especially when the other side is offering, they're at least saying shit's bad.


Well, yeah. And They're saying it's for the wrong reasons. I don't think it's immigrant's fault. It's definitely not fucking trans people aren't the people buying up houses and not letting you buy it. You know what I mean. Like I don't, but at least they're saying something's wrong and they're saying some fucked up shit. In my opinion. They're trying to make it culture war stuff. They're trying to divide people who should be on the same side. Yeah. By saying, oh, gay people are bad. Trans people are bad when it's like the people trying to fuck you are rich people. That's how it's always been. That's that's the fucking, that's, that's the Taylor's oldest time. Like, and it's weird, some people think they're gonna be fucking billionaires when they're, when it's like they don't make off crypto or whatever. And they're like, well, when I'm that rich, I don't want to be taxed.


And it's like, you fucking don't. You live in a, you're, you're sharing a loft bedroom with your dad, friend's dad who's taking dick pills. You don't have to worry about fucking tax rates going up on you. Yeah. Don't bet. Yeah. Yeah. Bet on yourself now. It's bet on yourself right now, man. How about a li how about we raise some of, some fucking, some taxes on the, on the richest people and you get some fucking healthcare. It just I. Don't know man. I just, No. And maybe I shouldn't have asked. It's a lot. It's a lot. It, I'm Just, it it's frustrating 'cause I that the, but even having said all that, I think what people are scared of the most with Trump is just Yeah, man, the Supreme Court being taken over by like ideologically really right wing. 'cause now the Senate is Republican and there's like You know taken over by that.


That's scary. That is scary to me because, well that's, we could see a lot of stuff rolled back that is that we, we take for granted as fundamental and stuff that's just progress. We can argue over like You know economic issues, whatever. But some of those things that does scare me. Yeah. When it's like gay, like women's right. Being Rolled back. It would be so wild if you got groups in there that were like, well you can't do gay anymore. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're re we're taking away gay air or whatever. But then you'd have to all the gators, we have to pretend they're straight again or whatever. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Back in the closet, boys. Yeah. Like, ah, come on. I just threw away all my straight, I just threw away all my dockers That he Just threw away all my fucking plaid Shirts. I just fucking burned all my Zocdoc Martins and just lay in bed holding my high school girlfriend.


Whatcha talking? Gay guys and lesbians have to get married again and then fuck other fuck on the side. Hey, You know what, there was something admiral about those days though. Look, you got, you got I respect getting a nut anyway against the, against everything. Well, Just the hard work, just the You know the effort that people put into being gay. Sure. Whereas now fucking some dude's just like all day being gay. Just willy fucking nilly just burning the gay candle at both Ends. Yeah. Both ends. Yep. Yep. Doing Pilate. He's the only guy in the class, which Is the gayest thing you do. I used to have a gay roommate for about four months and he would chew gum in his fucking sleep. And I was like, whoa, what is going on? Did he have a defined jawline?


He was a figure skater. He could jump over a Toyota Tercel the front. Wow. Just the front Couldn't the Yeah, the side to side couldn't go all side to side. That's insane. And he could jump literally at an angle and kind of Oh, he'd do it. The spin the axle. Yeah. It was Crazy. That's awesome. He could axle over a fucking figure skater huh? As hell. Yeah. Where'd Where'd you meet Him? We met him. We were shopping. My buddy and I were shopping for firewood and we met him at a Vons one afternoon. We just moved to Los Angeles. He was doing tricks in the parking lot. Yeah. He was just doing that fucking piro went where you, Your buddy's like, Hey pal. Ease off the tercel. I just got, I just got rid of the Mitsubishi. I can turn this fucking car off. The last thing I need is a gay heel going through my windshield.


Hey, I toned it down. Huh? Tone it down. Hey, just buff. He's just buffing it with his feet as he passes over. Well, I do think some things that I do, I will say this though, also, Donald Trump campaigned harder than fucking anyone for a 78-year-old man. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Yeah. I Mean, I think he loves the attention of campaigning. Oh, I agree. You know what I mean, but to even do it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like I just can't even beli I mean that like blew my mind. Just how, how much he could do You know. I think That's his favorite part though. You saw him. He was all, he was electric on the fucking mic, bro.


Yeah. He Loves doing His thing. He loves getting, he loves crushing. Dude does. He's like, he does. He loves getting in front of this crowd. Just fucking riffing. Like I, dude, you think that motherfucker wants to be in meetings or you think he wants to be talking to the Nel boys about how he used to get pussy in the eighties or whatever the fuck he was doing. Like that's the part he likes. He doesn't wanna listen to fucking reports about fucking stats and numbers and shit. No. He wants to eat a Big Mac, drink a diet Coke and go on busting with the boys. He's like, Farrah ft. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It's cut the mics, let tell you a little something. Suzanne Summers. Yeah. Yeah. Funny. I will say, I think one of the funniest guys that's ever had though entertaining without Question.


That's the thing. I'm not gonna sit here and tell you he's not fucking, he's funny as shit. Which is I think why things are so that's why he was able to sneak through. If somebody was saying the exact same shit with no humor at all, it would be horrifying. It would, it would be. It's fucking cr he says insane shit. And, but it's funny as fuck. And he seems gay. That's the other thing. He's a New York gay guy who happens to be straight, I guess. Well, he behave I mean. Come on. He's, his mannerisms is a little no pering of the, he behaves like a gay guy, is what I'm saying. Think he's, He's Got queen. He's a, he's a, he's, he seems like a gay guy from Queens. He's from Queens. He has like that little Hair. You just put him in Queens in that story.


Spray Tan? No, he's from Queens. Oh, he Is? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I. Don't he spray tan? He, I'm saying I don't think he's gay, but he does have gay mannerisms. Okay. Well this isn't Doing this, doing this like his little fucking Where're the gays for Trump. That was the best. Like where are they? They're here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Couple gays for Trump. No, the squirrels for Trump. They here. Look at him. Where's my African American? Yeah. Blacks for Trump. Where there Two of them right there. Let him loose. Let him loose guys. Yeah. Yeah. How many whispers in his ear? Good to see you boys. Harriet Tubman's hair. He's, dude the best was he brought up Nicky Jam.


He thought it was a, a woman. She's like, Nicky Jam is here. Beautiful. And it's a fucking dude. Some dude off Instagram Guy named Nick Jam. Some dude with a mouth full of Zen rolls up there. That's awesome. Just fucking spitting. Stay awake. Juice into the fucking audience. No, he's, Oh man. So fu But that, that, like, I'm not gonna sit here and tell you the guys, he's so fucking funny. I wi like, I, But so it's the courts. So that's one thing that pe 'cause I, I just hear that a lot. People are like, I'm so scared. Like, what are you fucking like that's a part I don. I just never believe the government's gonna affect my life that much. Right. I agree with you. The pre the presidential, the president doesn't have that much power. And if it wasn't for the Supreme Court, I would be like, who really gives a fuck?


The Democrats didn't run any kind of coherent campaign. They don't want to. I, I hope, I hope this will make. 'cause look, I, my politics are further left in that I'm not a Democrat registered Bernie's the only guy I liked in a long time because I thought he was the only human being who was like a real in person of integrity. I think Donald Trump just is Apol the idea that he's different from politicians is crazy. He's a rich guy who had You know he grew up rich. He's a class president for sure. Type. Yeah. And it's Like he dad, he know. He was like a, his dad was a fucking slumlord. He's just a rich guy who's fucked over people on deals forever. He's, I don't like, I, I, you know, I have class issues. Right. I don't, I tend to not trust super rich guys and, and I don't see how he's gonna do anything different.


I think it's naive to think he's gonna be different than I understand not trusting the democratic establishment, but it's like, to me Trump's funny. But he is, he's a fucking billionaire propped up by other billionaires. That's, I think he's part of just the, the complex that runs our country. And I don't think he's any different. Right. The only person that I like, It's gonna be a challenge to see if he is like, I I mean they'll think You know. He was Already pre That's the other weird thing. He was already we're talking about him. Like he's the shaking up force. He was already fucking president. He did. It's not, he's not you. That's what's weird. Well, both of them were that. Both of 'em were, that that was a acy. Both of 'em had. It was like, and Ka was like, it'll be different. Like well it's fucking I Know. And that's go Home and make it different right now.


And that's why I Absolutely. You're in off, you're in power right now. Do something. God knows Joe ain't doing shit. That guy's been having ice cream for six months. I Know. And they pretended. And when they, that's what, that's what lost me as a, as a democrat. When they, that's when they lost me. Was when they lied about or when they just, I just didn't like the way they treated that old man. Yeah. You know. It's not fucking cool. 'cause then he believes Yeah, he's doing great. Totally. So he wakes up every day. He's different. He's listening to the music. He's fucking riding for his bike. He's looking for fucking Yeah. I mean, what are they doing here? He's Looking awesome. Is here. Honestly, what is this dude? Is this the end mess of a amazing race he's got? Yeah. Yeah. To heaven. It looks like he's just about to finish a fucking marathon.


Yeah. And they're like, but he just got out of his car and They're still pretending every day. He's a they, they, they just told him the other day, he is the fucking mayor of Wisconsin. He is like, And they're giving an unlimited Can I have some cheese curd? Yeah. Unlimited ice cream and milk. Well, and that's why I agree with you. I think it, they made a fucking huge mistake. Fucking bizarre The shit in running him again. Like when he ran the first time, it's like, I get it. People were scared of another thing of Trump. So like put some fucking You know, put some middle of the road ass Democrat. But then they should have had an open primary Like where people act. Yeah. Just seemed like a railroaded thing. People Could actually vote on the issues they care about and they just didn't do that. And, and she even had an opportunity to, if she came out with any fucking, you know, I'm just pissed off.


She didn't release any New music there. Yeah. There was nothing new. Let's say that it was all Biden remixes and nobody liked Biden. Yeah. And you can't just hit, and she tried to go after Blacks with a mix tape. You got a fucking Little production. Yeah, it was, she dropped a lot of dis tracks. Yeah. But, but no. Yeah. Nothing new. No. Yeah. Just didn't hit. Yeah. But look man, I think it's just crazy how I don't know. It'll be interesting. It's a lot of pressure to see. I'm, I'm most excited about RFK and JD Vance was super cool when he came on the podcast. He's a human. Trump's hard to get to know I. Don't know that. JD Vance, to me, he seems like a traditional, just say whatever it takes to get elected Snake. To be honest with you, I know You know you had him on.


He was cool here. But he was a guy who said he hated Trump. He said some fucked up shit about women. Like I just think he's afu and venture capitalist guys are fucking worms to begin with. I don't trust JD Vance at all. I think he's a piece of shit also. So he Yeah. Yeah. I mean just, I think he's a cut in the fuck regular ass Republican that'll say any fucking fucked up thing just to get into power. He sucked Trump's cock after saying he was, he called him Hitler or whatever. And he did, he made a complete turn when he realized it was politically advantageous to be on Trump's side. I think he also is just a run of the mill piece of shit politician. I know. Like I just do. I, and that's the thing. I think politicians is a weird thing to be right of.


But that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying is like, I've never been excited about the politics. I've been excited about was Obama when I was 18? Same. I voted for Obama And I think he did have a real opportunity to do something and it turned out he didn't really do shit. And then, and then he did. Man. None of Yeah. And it, but that's the f that's the thing that always happens. Yeah. At least that was something that was like, and I think part of that was Obama was just too inexperienced. I think if he had a little more You know, he didn't know what he was doing with the Senate. His, the healthcare thing got completely fucked. And Universal Healthcare didn't Up. I had Obamacare. It Was bad. It was, they didn't, they they ended Up this some cups I saw some set of cups they sent me. Nice dude, You got a, you got a mug, huh? That's the Yeah.


No, it's like ply, kind of like some plastic cups of it. I still use them. Yeah, they're, yeah. But he got worked over by thinking he could actually You know, find common ground with the Republicans. They should have just rammed the legislation down their throat. They had both, both houses at the time. Anyway, whatever. Yeah. The, and the only person I I was excited about was Bernie because I think he was actually in that run in 2016. He was like, he Would've been Cool. Would've been cool. But the Democrats shut that shit down. I, Hey man. Well one, I I like Vance as a guy. Seemed like a nice guy. Yeah. I I know that like, like he's like You know. They say like Peter Thiel's, like the guy that got him in office, that sort of thing.


Yeah. But then you start to see that all these guys have backers. Will things be different with some of these guys? I don't know. I think But one thing that's cool is that we both like Bernie. I like Bernie. Yeah, yeah. Too. I would've voted for Bernie. And, and see that's the cr I think those ideas unite people because he's just saying like, look, we have issues to deal with. There's real issues. We're not gonna pretend shit's good when it's not. And let's find real ways to do it that everybody gets. And every that's real equality. He wants to help everyone because it's not about, it's not, it's not a fucking, it's not about like, you know, it cultural shit. It's about economic shit. And more people are disaffected because of the You know people at the top.


And I think that's a message that everyone can agree with. And I think when, when people aren't looking at things ideologically, if you just ask them about issues, people agree on a lot of fucking issues. I Say that they wanna Be able to fucking buy a house. They wanna be able to afford shit. And they wanna be able to fucking You know get healthcare. How many people do we know? Like I have, you know, I know people extended, extended family and stuff like that, that are struggling off shit that they shouldn't 'cause somebody got sick and it, it rails your whole fucking family. We talk about that all the time. It's fucked Up. Dude. The number one calls of I mean, we say this all the time now because it's one of the few facts I know, but the number one cause of bankruptcy in America is medical debt. Crazy. And so it's a fucking, the whole crazy system is a money laundering scam.


Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know why that hasn't changed. And if you would think at some 0.1 of these fucking groups would be able to change the shit You know. Well it's, It's I mean. There is so much money in politics. And I was Right. But it's just the, it's so people are so fed up with the fucking system. I I just, you almost want there to be a war to end it all or whatever. I know what you mean, man. You know what I'm saying? I do know what you mean. Some people do believe that. Let's see, some people think there's no way let's, Something has to change. 'cause this is not changing over time. Right. Yeah. Some people believe revolution is the only way to fucking do do it. Talk about it Red. Hey, Tony tried to start one. Yeah. That was the main reason. Cop, like Shane said it too on his podcast.


It would've been so funny to be able to blame Tony. Oh, if Kamala won, it would've just been able, like, you bombed so hard like that the part your candidate fucking lost. How fun would that be to tell Tony for the rest of his life? Yeah. Fucking, That's actually the thing I'm most pissed off about Supreme Court is number two, After Being able to mock Tony for the rest of my life. That's what, that's what I regret the most about the election. Oh, he was sweating. I sat there and watched it with him. He was sweating, man. Yeah. I think we could, I, I know that we could do better in this country about being, making useful things. I was just looking the other day in Japan. Is it in Japan where they have the sidewalks turn power.


A fucking building. You're walking by 'em. Yeah. The fucking building's powered by people walking On these. That's fucking cool. Yeah. Our infrastructure's so fucked too. It's like how our Trains don't even work. High Speed rail. We need like, yeah dude, our Trains, if you're on a train the other day it got robbed. I bunch people on horseback, like man Tracks getting the fucking, the three 10 Yuma treatment. It's unreal. Dude. You go to the post office, you go in there, you're like, yeah, I'm looking for this package. you get a piece of paper, the guy comes back two days later and asks you who the fuck you are. Right? You're like, where man? I know, dude. You're like, what is even going on?


It's fucking crazy. It's crazy. It's falling around, dude. Yeah. But it's like, meanwhile we have all these homeless people wandering around town. If you put 'em all in an area Yeah. And set up one of these. 'cause this floor in Japan turns footsteps into electricity. Play a bit of it there. So You, you're thinking in Japan, even walking generates electricity. Tokyo Metro, I, don, like the guy's voice in The world. The trains are powered. So electric technology and floors to convert the energy. Yeah. I mean. But if You could get 50 or 70 homeless people to power a Jamba Juice or something, You know I agree with you dude, That how fucking great would that be? Yeah. Yeah. They come out, they dance for 12 minutes or whatever and bam. The fucking, It's exercise for them. It's good electricity. Yeah. The blenders cut on in there And they get a free smoothie for their trouble.


What do We, but instead everybody's like, they need pills. You know. It's like, fucking no Dude. Well that's a, that's a perfect example though of homelessness. It's like, give them homes. Yeah. We have the abi we know what it takes. Like get make a fucking apartment buildings and like that has been shown to work and most people just don't have access. But there is all this weird, like, you we'll create nonprofits to, to help the homeless that cost more than just getting them little Apartments. Yeah. They'll give 'em recipe books. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And we'll just keep busting them back and forth to different cities. Like it's basically political parties play Red Rover with them. I know. What they should do is, is instead of busting them, sign them up for Southwest miles.


Yeah. And then they get some fucking miles out of it. Give 'em a Southwest credit card every time you ship 'em from Texas to New York to fucking, wherever the fuck. And then they can Yeah. Go on vacation. You know they can earn some miles. Some You're not gonna to cough about the cabin. Yeah. I was just hacking up a fucking dead sparrow in his throat. And I only say that because I was in San Francisco one time. My guy threw a fucking bird at me for no reason. Oh my God. Yeah. It was a sparrow. It it was small enough. Small enough. Yeah. It could have been a, a warbler, but I'm gonna get him back. Yeah. Yeah. We'll See. He put an air tag in his, in his bindle. And you're, you're tracking him. You're gonna Get him back. Every time I close my eyes, I still see what he looks like.


You Know. That's horrifying. I, birds to me are unsettling creatures. Yeah. To have one thrown at you is very tough. Ah, The d the dirtiest surprise. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We did. Man Star bro, Man. A new movie. Let's start a cult. Let's start a cult out on VD right now. Go to Apple, Amazon, wherever you like to rent video movies. Go check it out, please. I'm begging you, we got the calendar. We have a new tour coming out the Dreamboat tour and yeah, I really appreciate you having me on, dude. It's always so fun. This is my favorite podcast to do. It's so much fucking fun. Really, Dude, I Love it. You're the Best. Thanks much man. I'm gonna come back in December so I can do yours in Please. Yeah, love. Would love to have You. And I remember, I didn't even know you were the guy from Come Town that I liked. That was so fun, dude. You're like, I met that guy once. I was like, it was me, dude.


That's crazy, dude. But I love that. That's awesome. Would It be? Yeah. We'll fucking play some Clapton. I'll have you play a little guitar while I get my dick sucked. It'll be like old times, dude. Just stick those old records shelf. Thank you. Soft. You're The man, dude. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of my, I can feel it in my bones.