
Hi, I'm Angi Hicks, co-founder of Angi When. you use Angie for your home project. you know, all your jobs will be done well, from roof repair to emergency plumbing and more. done well So. the next time you have a home project, leave it to the pros. Get started at Angi dot com.


All right, good day. Good day. How are you? How are you? How are I? How are, how are us? Good to see everyone. Good to be here with you. Happy Thanksgiving. Happy November. Happy existence. you know, that's something as well, this year went baby this year. That thing is, this year was just hooked to a dang laser beam, I feel like. What was that?


You almost had to slow down the film and even remember the summer, it would just, just f this thing was just a, this took the HOV lane this year. Life got roller skates on, damn it. Life's got just roller skates on that. I couldn't even, I couldn't even make an accurate police report on, on, on, on April. I couldn't tell you what she looked like, what she was wearing. I, the officer was like, well, can you tell me April tell, tell me. you know how tall I look? I don't know.


Damnit, it just all went so fast, you know? And now, I don't know if it's just that life feels faster now, but you can't even get your hands on it. I mean, it's like just trying to grab sand. You can get some of it, but then it just, it ends up just, you just, you just realizing you can't get it. You can't get that grip on it. Boy. It's like trying to just do a, a, what's it called?


The guy you go to and you go in his shop or whatever and it's, he pretends like he has a secretary or whatever, but he doesn't, and then you go in there and he lays you down and he like, he asks you like a question or something, but you're so nervous that you're gonna get touched or whatever by, what is that? Dang it, chiropractor, it's like trying to be a chiropractor on sand. You know? You just, you can't move it. You can't control. You just, you think you can and then there's nothing. Anyway, I'm rambling.


I'm just saying it's been a long year and I'm happy to be here with you today. And yeah, just thank you guys for just your patience on doing solo episodes. I wanted to tape this yesterday, but I just, my, I was just so damn rattled. You ever wake up and you're just damn rattled. I mean, it's just like a couple pigeons are just living in your ass. You're just like, what in the hell? And everything's a prop. Somebody, you know, somebody comes to the door and they just, you know, this guy came to the door and he was offering pest control or whatever, and I'm like, you know, I, I think they just came.


'cause I think I have like 11 pest control guys because I, you know, I forget. And then next thing you know, hell, I'll be in my living room reading a book and one of 'em will just, damn, just will just spray for, will just spray for lice right in front of me. He'll spray for lice right across my damn forehead sometimes. 'cause I forget, you know, I always forget when they're gonna be here. You, you have that one afternoon, you're doing a Cookoff and they show up with those, with those, those chi or grenades or whatever, and they're humming those bitches, you know, and your family's out there, you trying to put mustard on something and the baby's got damn bug gas in his eyes.


It's just, I, I just forget. Anyway, the guy came and he had just a, the bug guy. He's like, you know, we can come, we can come 17 times a year. That's what he said. And I was like, dude, I don't want, when I get married, I don't want my wife coming here 17 times a year. you know, so that's not a sales tactic I wanted to hear. But, but the guy had the biggest mustache I'd ever seen in my life. And the only thing I could think the whole time he's talking to me is, you need to go spray up in that bitch.


'cause there ain't, there is not a chance in hell. You're not running some kind of damn bug motel right up under your snout, daddy. There ain't a CNH baby. Ch ha you ain't got a couple of fucking word lice running around up in that, in that tr up in that trap house. You got above your lip daddy. So it just, you know, I said, you know, I said, I think we're good. you know, we got guys, I got seven guys spraying right now. you know, I could barely talk to the guy. Some guy was spraying right in front of me.


But yeah, just, everything's happened so fast. I just get confused. Everything's happened so fast and, and here we are and it's November and it's, it's like that. And I'm sure it's like that for everybody. It's like, okay, some of you, your kid is a, you know, your kid is age, has been a, is aged this year. Like, man, I can't believe it. you know, Genevieve's four now. Or your dad has gotta get a hip, gotta get a new hip or new neck or whatever.


you know, like now it's already time next week Ricky's getting that new neck, You know, it's just things happen fast, you know? Man, it was only seven months ago that we laid my grandmother to rest. you know, just, it's just all these things and life just keeps life in, You know? And it's just, yeah, it's a lot, it's a lot for everybody. And it's marvelous. At the same time. It is existence. That's what it is. But I'm grateful to be here with you guys today and just grateful to be taking a moment to think about our lives and what they've been like.


I, I wanna say thanks. We, it has been a while since we've had a solo episode. I'm still gonna try to do more. I'm, I'm finally having a little more time to start to take care of myself right now. And so that's feeling really good just to be able to relax some what's going on. We had some shows and a lot of places, thank you guys that came out out there. We just got off the road out in the Midwest, baby OH we did it out there on OSU. It's campus, grand Rapids, Michigan, baby, let's go all over. We went up to where else?


Oh, up in Montana, the, I think I do owe a little bit of maybe an apology to where, where's that place called? It's like a place where they have people. Oh, Chicago State? No, it's Colorado State. Colorado Springs. I Mayo just Colorado Springs in Casper, Wyoming. When I got there, I was dehydrated, man. I mean, I was just I mean.


I, you you could hear my eyes open, you know, I, I opened my eyes and they, you could just like, it was loud, you know, you know, like somebody just hard r around a a, you know, I saw a cat look over at me like somebody just been hard ing at it and it was just how so dried out The weather there. It just, the wind up there is Nasty up there. The wind, it'll, you open your eyes for a second, the wind will get in there and clean them bitches out. Whew.


Next thing you, you I was having to lick my hand and rub it into my eyes, spitting in my hand and rubbing into my eyes. And even, you know, you're looking at everybody through damn spit eyes or whatever, and the ladies there were like, oh, look at this little bitch with his damn Spit eyes. Oh, honky got them Spit eyes pee pew. But I was just dry as hell. Even the animals up there are dry. You see a damn animal up there, a dog up there, Casper yal and that thing up there. Just, he just, somebody you, you write water on the ground and a dog come lick on the word people thinks thirsty as hell up there.


I saw a plant, it had grown up my leg and was trying to drink outta my, had me a little canteen. I saw a v stood somewhere for 30 seconds, A vine grew up my leg and it had opened the top of my canteen Yet now Everything's thirsty as hell up there. My it, yeah, it just, it was super dry. It was dry and, and I just wasn't ready for it. I, I was so dry, I could be like, I don't know, I can't even explain it to you. you know, I definitely did my best, but they gave you oxygen tanks. And I'm like, but the, all the oxygen tank is just a can of just more dry.


You hit that bitch and now you're just, everything. Even the animals, they would sound like they were, were dried out. Like Mo They had a cow, one cow. I saw him Mo Like, what? He's like, no, But he was So dry. So that was just a but beautiful country, beautiful place. I just, I, I was shocked at how dehydrated I got IVs up there. It just took me a little bit to get on my feet, man. It was a lot. That was like probably one of the more hectic times that I'd had this year.


Just health healthiness, you know, and being alive and being like that. We went out to Montana, but all that area, Colorado Springs and thank you for everybody coming out and, and, and Casper, I can't even believe it. I mean we're Montana. Wow. That whole, all of those regions, I mean. That's where Mother Nature just, just tries on her clothes up there, baby. It's beautiful. Everything you see is beautiful. you know, it's just, it's remarkable. So it even gets to go to that part of the country that people came out.


Thank you guys so much to all the places that we went, man, I got to go to La Cross Wisconsin and it's, I, I, it's, it's one of the greatest little city town places I've been. I didn't, man, you always, I think of some people in your head, you have ideas of a place that's kind of perfect, you know, and they got, you know, somebody's walking their kid home from school or whatever and the kid just got a bunch of snot on his face or whatever, but the parent leaves it just that, you know, because there's something kind of beautiful about it, you know, especially when you were poor, dude, if your nose was running, I'd let that bitch fly cut.


'cause people were always looking at you when you was poor. People always look at you like you ain't got nothing. And that's when, when, when, when my nose was running, I'd be like, oh yeah, I got this bitch, I got this snot. So there is something very beautiful about that. But we were, we were there in LA Cross or La Crae, they say it, or a lot of gay dudes are. They say it like, Hey, I'm in lacrosse, but just beautiful I mean just to get to see some of America, man, you know, to get to see a lot of you folks.


And we tried to do some meet and greets after the shows and just, we did everything that we could. I promise you that. So thank you guys so much for the support and yeah, Thanksgiving's just coming in. Trevin, how are you feeling today? I'm good, man. A little chilly. Oh yeah. Brisk out, huh? That's for sure. And you think it's gonna get worse this year? What are they saying there? And If, you're looking at the diameter or whatever, the air diameter or the, the weather. What are they saying? Yeah, the Weather. Yeah, about the same. Gonna get a lot colder, man. God, get ready. BLM baby bur lives matter son.


It's gonna get brisk out. What else has been going on? Oh, I'll tell you. you know what's something that was, I thought was really special that was I got to be around or be a part of or be around, really. So SNL Saturday Night Live was going on and Bill Burr was gonna be on it, you know, and, and Bill Burr is, there's nobody like him. There's I mean there's nobody like him. He is, he is himself and he is one of one. And I wanted to go see it. I'd never been to SNL, I'd never been over there and seen it, you know? And so myself, who came with me, oh, my buddy Kevin and, and John Farley was there, and that's Chris Farley's brother.


And, and it was just like, man to be at SNL, you know, where Chris Farley and Spade and kneeling and Carvey and all of the like, rock Sam, just all these wizards of, you know, possibility, you know, Sherry o Terry, who's the lady that puts her, she's always taking her own temperature or whatever and smelling it. Who's that lady? Her, she, you know, just, just to be at SNL sat in that live, to be on that stage just to be at there watching.


And, and, and John Farley was there, Chris Farley's brother. And it was the first time he said that he'd been back there since his, since he'd been there with Chris. And that was just, I don't know, it was just like, it just, it was just kind of, it felt special, you know? 'cause I just can't imagine that, I can't imagine having a brother that is, you know, so, well first of all, it's your brother, so they're very important to you. But then also they're such a, a, a entertainer. And then you go back to the place where they, one of the places that they're most known from, you know?


And yeah, that was just, it was magnificent man, just to be able to be there with him. And he told so many stories and I was kind of bummed that they didn't bring him out on the stage and let him tell a story out there at SNL. The stories he was telling backstage were better than half of the things that were happening on the Tube. I thought I mean, but also that's, you know, I mean. It was just crazy to hear a guy talk about, you know, his brother Chris Farley and all the, these little moments that they'd had backstage. And it's these funny things. And here I'll say this, when it, when it came down to listening to him or watching some of the sketches, I couldn't help but listen to some of the things that he was saying because it was, yeah, it just was like walking through time and walking through time that really meant something, you know, time between brothers.


And so yeah, that was pretty exceptional. But yeah, I, I was like, SNL should have had him out there, like, bring this guy, this is the first time he's been back since his brother. It's like the closest Chris Farley will get to being there. And yeah, it was just, I don't know. So I, I, but that was, it was great. I'm not trying to tell, you know, I don't know, I'm not talking too much or whatever. I don't know. But yeah, that was, it was just, it was, that was something neat to be a part of. And what else? I went with my butt. My friend has a son and, and we took him to the swing set and then what else is going on? Oh, I watched the CMAs Country Music Awards the other night because I'm, you know, I live in Nashville and so you have to watch it or you people won't look you in the eyes for the, for the next year.


And so, you know, I was checking it out and Caleb Presley was on there doing presentation. Lainey Wilson was on there. So it's like, you know, I got a peep and I wanted to see if Jesse Murphy was gonna be there. Jelly Roll was there, that whole gang Baby Jelly Roll, yellow Wolf, I think the head damn Jelly Wolf there. And it's just that, that is just a St. Bernard with a, a couple face tats on him, you know? But that whole like, musically recovering honky vibe, you know, that's really powerful. And Yellow Roll, I saw damn Yellow Roll and it was, Bobby Lee was there, so it's just, you know, yeah, he's doing music now, so it just, you know, it's just, there's a, anyway, it was a very diverse group over there.


And what am I talking about? Dammit. Oh, but I watched, 'cause I wanted to see if Ray Clay strays were gonna win. They were up for vocal group, which, what does that even mean? Kind of, it's all music, you know, but they didn't win. Old Domon won it. Right. And Doon, no disrespect, right? I haven't heard a lot, you know, I don't think, first of all, If, you look at do old Doon, they, Doon is a brother's name and it's, you know, show me 30 domon and I'll show you, you know, how to get, how to get to Memphis.


you know what I'm saying, bro? It's like, let's be realistic baby. That that the, that's Elvis's neighbors homie. Okay. So, and so that was the, I'm like, damn, they don't even, somebody's hiding, they're hiding, they're hiding a brother amongst the four or five of the guys that, that they have in the group or whatever. But yeah, I just wanted to see Ray Clay strays win. And I thought it was just a chance for c you know, CMAs like here you have a vibe that you know, and no disrespect to, to od baby, but you have a vi Red Clay strays. They, they sing, they sing prayers, man. They sing things that I can't, they sing prayers that I can't even make that I can't even make the words to.


They sing those. And I just feel like that's part of such a movement. And so yeah, I, I think I really wanted them to win that award. But also then Red Clay Strays, are they a country group? And you could argue that it's all of it. Are they gospel, you know, I mean they're music and, and it doesn't need a space to fit in. you know, you don't need to put every foot in a shoe, but it's like, well, yeah, what are they? But it's a lot of, it's a lot of vibrant prayer, I feel like coming out of those boys.


And I'm partisan as well, or part of son or whatever. Anyway, that's some of the stuff that's been going on recently and a lot more, some of it I can't remember, but yeah, or just CMAs. I felt like they had a chance to pull some new blood in there and, and I just didn't see that, you know? But, but what, what do I know? I don't know. Shit. you know, I'm just a loud honky. That's all I am. What else? Grand Rapids. Beautiful place. Beautiful place, man. Just, yeah, just to see a lot of places where people are just thriving and people are saying, Hey, this is our community and we're gonna keep it like it is.


Man. That's something that, that really felt great to witness.


Well now it's that holiday season. It's time for family and food. And let's be honest, a little bit of chaos. But hopefully the most chaotic thing that happens this year is you slurping down a little bit of voice to dress in. However, if things don't go as planned, like a holiday mishap that leaves you seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. Talking about Morgan and Morgan, they have your back. Even if it's in a back brace, we hope you don't need them. But If you ever do, they're the guys that fight for the people. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over 100 offices nationwide and more than 1000 lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan. and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/ This Past Weekend or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/ This. Past Weekend or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


What else? It's Thanksgiving guys. That's what it is. you know, and that's the week it is. And, and it's a time, you know, Thanksgiving, it's, it's wild that our, that our calendar, that even, even our calendar, right? Our setup, our framework, our time-based framework for our society and for civilization, has a stop time in it to give thanks. It's interesting that even time says, Hey, hold on, I need you to give some thanks.


I need you to, you have to have some gratitude here, you know? And I think that, that, to me, that's pretty fascinating. That that is a speed bump that's been put into our calendar. It's just built in there. you know, it's a comma that says, Hey, care, right? Care about the things that have happened to you. you know, find things to have gratitude for and see, I want to think about those today and just things that I'm thankful for. I'm thankful I, yeah, being able to whisper, that's a big one.


I'm so thankful for that because o otherwise everybody in your family would just wouldn't know how you felt about 'em. So I'm just so thankful that, that God lets us whisper, you know, I'm thankful for my family, you know, I'm thankful that my sister makes me laugh a lot. And that she likes to laugh. I like listening to her laugh. Sometimes she's ridiculous. And that makes me laugh. I'm thankful my nephew talks to me, you know, I wish he kind of hit my line more, but I guess he's busy or whatever. Sure, whatever dude.


But he's a child, you know? And it's like, I just gotta be an adult and just, just take care of myself. But, oh, I'm thankful that urine isn't hotter than it's is when it comes outta your body. That would be, that would, that would be crazy, bro. If, you were all, you know, if it urine just came out like even 10 degrees hotter bro. 'cause you'd go in the bathroom and they'd have one dude in there about to urinate and everybody else would be supporting him. And like, you, come on Richard, come on Richard. Blast that shit homie. And he'd be like, it's gonna hurt. He'd like, shut the fuck up Richard Piss bitch.


And people were like, whoa, chill out, dude. He's fucking, it's hot. you know? And people, and then there'd be a gay dude just kind of holding his back for no reason. Just, or even pushing on his butt. That's the weird thing, dude. If you're, if, if you're doing a group piss, right? And everybody's supporting one guy who has to piss and the dude that's pushing up on the dude's on the guy's butt, that guy is not just trying to be helpful. I know that boy. So, yeah, I'm grateful that PP is at the, or urine or whatever they wanna call it, is at a manageable temperature. That's a big one.


I'm grateful that god, that God lets me try, you know, I'm grateful that God lets me try, you know, that every single thing isn't final. Yeah. I'm grateful for that. I'm grateful that, that my arms are, you know, they're not the best. I think they're not the best length I got. I got medium length arms, but I know that they're good enough to hug. Good enough. I wouldn't win a hug ti title or whatever. I don't know if there is a title. Yeah. What else? Lemme think I'll think about some things throughout the show, throughout the episode today. Things that I'm thankful for, man, I'm thankful that I have some shoes on right now.


Yeah, I'm thank, yeah, I'll keep thinking about it. But let's get into some calls, man. You guys have been hitting the Hotline and, and I haven't been there, but I, I just wanna thank you for hitting it. And as always, the Hotline is 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. And let's get to a call right here. Here we go. Hey, I just was, just wanna get your thoughts. 28. This guy outta the Navy. I live in Orange County, California. And Thank you for your service, brother. We appreciate you onward. It's, it's tough making friends. As an adult, my whole life, I've always ended up with black friends.


I played basketball and maybe out of 200 white guys, five black guys. I end up being friends with the black guys. But I want some white friends or like Asian friends. One as your advice. Like how does that happen? Or do I just stick with just, Hey, that's, this is how it is. Like black friends are my thing. No brother. I don't think that, you know, I don't think, I think you are. You can get all types of friends. That is for sure, man. you know, I think, you know, basketball is a gateway drug to just a brother type shit.


Go out into your neighborhood right now. Dribble a basketball in the street. See if a couple brothers don't show up, you know, that's the, just you hear a basketball banging on that street, that's a, that's the Michael Jordan mating call cu cut, you know, that's how it is, man. You put a rim up anywhere and you going to get some black friends, man, that's not a racial thing. That's just facts. You put a basketball rim up anywhere and you going to have some brothers show up, you put that bitch up in the ocean, you gonna have, you'll have a couple, couple wet brothers out there that's double drowning out there.


So you gotta, you have to think If, you want to get different types of folks. You have to put out different types of activities, you know, so, so If, you want to get more Asian friends, you might want to do a Asian people like hide and go seek. That's easy man. you know? And that's wild, bro. you know, look at a Asian, look at any resting a or sitting Asian. Resting Asian or a, you know, ARS or whatever. Asians at rest. Look at, look at one, bring up a couple, right? Go to any of these folks and say, you keep counting, I'll go hide.


'cause Asians got that clock in them, dog. So that's something you could do to meet some Asians right there, man. And also, it's okay to be a white guy that has black friends. That's a, you know, and I know you're not saying there's anything wrong with it, but you know, they had, and when I was, you know, when I was getting into life or whatever, they had a lot of wigs out there and no cap bro. Wigs used to be the thing, bro. you know, Thomas Jefferson was a wigger bro. Real talk. And people don't want to, you know, people don't want to say that shit, but he was man.


But now they got blancs. Even they got blancs out there. You got a lot of black dudes that want to be white or you know, were having white more white stuff going on in them. You know, I mean I saw a brother crying in his car the other day outside of a Jimmy John's. That's the whitest shit you could do. That's our shit. So it's all good. What I'm saying is the portal is always open, guys. There's no NIL money to have a new friendship in another ethnicity, man. That is, we, you know, we're all bound to be beige in a couple generations anyway. So right now, If, you wanna meet someone of a color or of a ethnicity, then now is the time baby bear.


'cause in two, three generations, everybody going be beige. Ma off mo you know, cook is in rum. People gonna be all batched out and Jeanette modified or whatever. You gonna have a Monsanto top friend. You gonna have a off brown, white, bottom, speckle, trout, Korean, Mexican, black lady. You're gonna have it all, man. So If, you want to enjoy specific ethnicities.


Now, now is the time to do it because genetically we're all heading to one color. We're gonna be just one little off brown, semi white matte finish. Gray baby, bear of Christ, brother. Praise God, man. What else do we have? Let's take another call right here. Here we go. Hi Theo. Me and my family want to invite you to our Thanksgiving dinner. This is Maria Gillen. It will be up in Gallatin, Tennessee. Oh, up in Gallatin.


All right. Thank you for the invite there. And we think you could fit in really well with our family and you would just bring a lot to conversation and I think it's gonna be some really good food. I can whip up some really good mashed potatoes, so, okay. Oh, and I'm making a pasta. That's really good. Anyways, Okay, you y'all, them carb dogs up there. All right. That's beautiful. I cannot make it. I appreciate it though. Very sweet of you. I am. you know what? Here, I'll call you and tell you I can't make it. See if this works.


Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system is not available. At the tone, please record your message. When you have finished recording, you may hang up or press one for more options. What's up you little potato maiden. How are y'all over there? This is Theo. I'm just calling you back. I wanna let you know that I can't make it over there for the Thanksgiving up there in Gallatin, but I appreciate it and hope you guys have a wonderful time up there. And just thanks for thinking of me and thanks for inviting me. I was very nice of you. And yeah, that's about it. All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go now.


Yeah, I'm heading over, I'm going down to Lafayette, Louisiana baby, Dustin Poirier. you know, they, every year they, they, they, they, they, they put cooking utensils and it was, and it was fighting gloves. And he gets out there and he'll beat up a damn meal for your son. Everything he serves. You got a black eye. The black eyed peas got two black eyes, bro. He like, dang, some of 'em had broken ribs on them. Look, I didn't even know PEA's had ribs. you know, he'll give you a little, a Turkey leg or something and it's in a cast. He beating the shit outta everything, bro. Turkey necking a neck brace. He, that's how he does it, bro.


He, he beat the eggs with his own hands, bro. I see him, you'll see 'em in the yard out there. He got on his fighting trunks and just some, he just, you know, just putting a bunch of hand action into a damn mixing bowl. you know? It is just crazy, man. I never seen anybody do it like that. You'll see 'em out there fucking calf kicking a rump roast, bro. It's, it's, you're like, what is going on? But that's where I'll be, man, that's become a little tradition for me. And I'm, it's a blessing. I'm excited about it. And then we have a large show down there. It might be our largest show ever over at the Cajun Dome in Lafayette, Louisiana.


And grateful to be from over there. Just got my mother a home over in, in Baton Rouge. My mom just moved back home. So when we got her a house over there, and I'm just grateful to that. Thank you guys for the support over the years. And, and she hasn't complained about it yet, which is just damn unreal. So, what else? Let's take another call. What are you thankful for? Trevon? You got anything that pops into your head, brother? Oh, Every day, bro. Thankful to wake up, thankful to, you know, have a job. Thankful. Mostly for my, you know, beautiful wife. Shout out to Gabby and oh, our family and yeah, the health.


Yeah, that's it. That really is true, huh? Having some health man. Yeah, and taking care of it too. That's another thing. 'cause I'll, I'll take, man, I'll take something for granted in a heartbeat. I'll take my heartbeat for granted in a heartbeat outta the crazy. Oh, something else going on out in the world today. What else? We got a call that came in right here. Mateo, this is Michael from Tennessee. Hey Michael. I just wanna say, I've been thinking about Turkey and ham. We didn't have ham at Thanksgiving 'cause apparently ham's a Christmas thing and I love honey ham and all they had was Turkey, turkey's dry and of shit.


No honey. So I didn't fuck with it. So I just want your opinion. Okay brother, I see you there. I see you having a lot of feelings about it. Yeah. Turkey or ham? Hmm? Well, ham, ham. Ham is ham. you know, ham, it just, it gets home and it's like, where's your mother? you know, that's him. But Turkey, tur, tur. Turkey. Turkey. Turkey's a little more risky. I think. you know, it's a little tur Turkey. It's a little more perverted, I think. Low key, bro.


Turkey, you know, it's like, what you want to do to me? Wanna put me in a sandwich? Wanna put me in the fridge? You want me now? You want me left over? What do you want? So Turkey kind of looking at you like that. I feel like ham looks like it's been smoking or whatever. Like, all right, that mo you know, it'll party, but it's fucking, you know, you know it's gonna, it can't, it won't be able to drive itself home. Ham, you know, but tur 'cause it drinks, ham drinks, ham drinks.


But Turkey is like, it could be anywhere. It could be Turkey. Turkey. You'll see, you'll, you'll see Turkey in a high heel. You'll see Turkey in a high heel that bit, you know? So that's how I feel, I guess about that. What else? Got a couple more calls that came in here. Oh, here's a news story right here. Police find two kilogram garden gnome made entirely of MDMA. Wow. Yeah. That's it, man. That's how it is now, baby. Baby. They got aliens in the ocean.


They got MDMA in the garden gnomes. Okay? Tape your eyelids to your ass cheeks, homie. And stay alert. 'cause they raping everybody out here. Praise God, baby. What else do we have? Hmm? We got another call that came in right here. Here we go. Let's see. Home for Christmas. Yo, Theo, this is Harley from Portland, Oregon. Man, What's up Harley? And had a great time up there. We did a shot there in Portland, which is a great city.


Lemme say that. People are always like, there's Antifa up there, you know, you know, LARPing in the park. It's just a bunch of leftover Antifa and BLM activists and people, you know, adults wearing baby diapers up there, LARPing in the park and sword fighting and doing makeshift renaissance fairs up there and shit. And damn George Foreman grilling every meal and shit. But I thought it was an amazing city on, I'd never, I just hadn't, it was just, it really shocked me how, how special it was. Yeah, there's a naked guy pushing himself, you know, pushing himself in a, you know, and he's like, you know, has a boat or, and he's going down the street and a, a adult baby carriage or whatever.


But it's, there's, it's awesome. I thought it was really, really groovy. I really like Portland, Oregon. What'd you have to say, brother? Sorry, I interrupted you there. Let's hear more. I, I really appreciate the way that, that you pedal your tickets, the way that you encourage people to not use secondhand sites, because, you know, you don't wanna, you don't want people paying more than they should to come see you. I understand that and I really respect that. Yeah, totally. Well, a lot of times what happens is people will look up a ticket, right? Want to go to the show, this city this date or whatever. And then other secondary sites that are reselling tickets will put them, will pay more to get their searching higher on Google and stuff like that.


And so then you click there and you're not really paying an origin. You don't even have an option at a re at a regular price ticket if there's still any available onward. But Then I go to your, your website, man, and I see that Theo Von dot com slash tour is redirected to Ticketmaster. And I'm just curious, man, you know the, the people absolutely hate Ticketmaster. Oh yeah. And I'm one of the people, brother, I hate 'em. I hate 'em. It's a scam. They've been running this scam forever. So I don't know how we get a politician that is going to break up the monopoly. That's very obvious. I don't know how you get that done. you know, I would love to have a ticket broker on this year.


Maybe we can find, start delving into the dark depths of all that because yes, it's a monopoly. It's sick. It's sick that you could take three of your friends to a show, but now you can only take one because the fees are astronomical. We don't see any money from the fees. Artists don't, you know, it's just the same people. It's these big companies who owns Ticketmaster. You look that up for me. Live Nation entertainment. So there you go. Ticketmaster is a wholly owned subsidiary of Live Nation, which is headquartered in Beverly Hills.


Yeah. Well, I think one of the issues, who's the owner of Live Nation? I wonder Vanguard, well, here's, this is fucking hilarious. Zoom in on this a little bit. Liberty Media Corporation is the largest shareholder of Live Nation Entertainment owning 30% of the company. Other major shareholders include, Vanguard owns 8.3%. BlackRock Advisors owns 5.5%. So there you go. It's the same people that own everything. So that's why you're getting fucked because they own everything.


They own the building that the show is in sometimes, and then they own the website and they don't care. They don't care. That's the bottom line. They don't care. They don't care that it takes more money out of your pocket. And mine, if I buy tickets somewhere, they don't, they don't care. They want money. That's all they want. So yeah, that shit hurts my heart, man. Nothing I can do about it, man. you know? And maybe one day there'll be a better way to do it. I know Zach Bryan tried a, a unique method through A A XS, I think ticketing, but it hasn't shown up yet.


Or in a way that's definitely definitively saves people that money. But yeah, those people are robbing people and that's what it is. And, but we have a government that continues to allow that sort of business behavior, especially when they have a monopoly on the market. Yeah, that's just, those are my feelings to me. It feels like it's bullshit to you calling, I'm sure to everybody listening, I'd love to have an extra $40 from ticketing fees to go get me a soda or something, get me a little Butterfinger or something, get mom the payday or whatever that she likes eating. She can't even hear to fucking show she's over here cheaper to get her a ticket than put her in dang hospice or whatever.


you know, she's over here, you know, listening to whatever we're watching, you know, metallic on ice or whatever over here, you know, or Ice Spice on Ice or whatever. Who knows what the hell they're doing now. you know, now it's, they have a new anxiety on ice is a new performance for kids. Like what, what are we even fucking taking our kids to? It's big pharma anxiety on Ice brought to you by Live Nation and Pfizer. Dude, that's what we're fucking doing. I mean. Yeah. People at least aren't blind to it. Praise God brother. Thank you for the call. And yeah, I'm sorry about it too, man. Lemme hear the end. What do you, lemme hear what you have to say. I'm sorry. And I, I personally would not go see a show just because it's being sold strictly through Ticket Matters.


So I was curious if there was some kind of way that, that we could get away from, from these big corporations and, and, and hopefully by getting away from them, you know, you could get a more, more of a percentage of ticket sales and that, that Yeah, totally. I mean those venues, they could give away to something. They could do something, you know, they also, yeah, they charge people for parking a lot of times or it's just, that's, but some of it is business, but that part I believe is egregious. That's how I feel. But no, as of right now, I don't know. Another way, you know, I could look into it though, maybe one day I'll have, you know, I could own venues with other people and we could just do the shows there at our own venues and we wouldn't sell tickets and we wouldn't gouge people on those prices.


Or maybe you'd find one politician that would just run simply on the fact that they're gonna say, Hey, fuck those guys. We're not gonna let 'em do it. We're gonna figure out a way. So it's just those greedy companies and dirty lawyers, I believe. But also, there may be stuff I don't know about it, they may need an extra $42 a ticket to send you that email. So I might be off. What else? Sorry, am I getting negative there? Lemme think about what else I'm thankful for, man. I'm thankful that I have buddies that check in on me. I, I, I need to do a better job of that. Or I would like to do a better job of that in the coming years.


Checking in on people and checking in on myself. you know, I wanna make sure I do a better job of that. What else am I thankful for? Oh, I'm thankful. My buddy Jeremy just had a new baby, his third son, him and his wife Natalie just had a child and they just have a blessed just man, him and my buddy Curtis, they, they run a speed and strength training, a training group over here in Nashville. And it just, those guys are like, they're like the best part of my week when I get to be over there and just laugh with everybody.


And we have so much fun and they really uplift a lot of, a lot of the community here. And so, yeah, that's something I'm thankful for, that he had a healthy son. What else am I thankful for? I'm thankful I got to go to my buddy Scott's wedding this year. I'm thankful I got to see my friend the other night. I'm thankful that God lets me think about other people and that I can try hard. That I can, you know, that if there's patches where I go through, where I get stuck, stuck in myself, that I can come out of those, you know, we're not, so every thought doesn't have to be a sentence, like a life sentence, you know?


Or that every feeling isn't like a life sentence, even though there are moments sometimes where they think it feels like they might be, they're not. I'm thankfully you can see somebody that'll change your vibe, you know, or change. You can hear a song that'll change your energy and you can choose to hear those things too. What else? Yeah, I'm thankful that some of the mistakes I've made haven't, haven't put me in places that make things very tough on me from day to day. you know, know that's been a lot of grace of from God in those spaces.


What else? What do you think about Trevon? Anything else? Any other gratitudes coming into your head? Thankful for friends, like you said, being able to be able to think about, you know, being grateful in itself. you know what I mean? Being able to take the time to Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm thankful God lets me see different things or whatever. See animals, bro. I would hate that shit. If, you were at the zoo and your people are just telling you what the animals look like or whatever, and then the guy starts touching you on the back or whatever. You're like, this guy's a pedophile or whatever. you know? Who, who am I even with? Dude? That's the kind of scary shit that's out there.


What else do we got? Oh, let's see. Oh, here we go right here, gang. Shit, let's hear this one. DC home for, Hey Theo, this is Big Red here and Big Red baby. Let's hear more Daddy. I mean. I just wanna preface by saying I'm, I'm not racist, but, Hmm.


Alright. Onward Lately I've been hanging out with, you know, some brothers and I've, I I've seized a couple, couple times. But You sneezed. Okay? You've been sneezing. I, I've noticed that I've been sneezing around outside and, and I just, I they don't say bless you and I don't know if it's like a me thing. I don't know if like you, it's like, I don't know if it's like hard to look tough like saying bless you. Like, I don't know. I've been trying to say bless you in the mirror in a tough way and it's, I gotta admit, it's, it's a really hard task to do.


Like, Okay, I think I see what you're saying. You're saying a lot of brothers, they don't say bless you when you sneeze. Well, I mean, I think that's just a, that's just life bro. I mean brothers been through a lot of shit historically, man. Brothers and female brothers too. The sisters, they been through some shit, man. Get a history book dog. So they ain't worried if somebody can't handle a little polling or something, somebody sneezed that ain't, they're worried somebody goes into prison, you know that they, that's when they drop some bless you on them. They worried they can't get the pain out of the culture. That's when they, that's some, they'll, they'll, they'll yell.


Bless you. They save some of their bless yous for Sunday as well. But they, it's, it's white folk. We, you know, we somebody sneeze. Bless you Ernie. Bless you. Bless you Nathan. That that's, we, that's, you know, black folk, they just, 'cause somebody can't handle sitting near a tulip or something or somebody get a little activated, their lungs flare up around a fern. That ain't, that's a little bit more white trauma than it is a black trauma. I think. you know, some white dude's like, oh, them Aza, I can't breathe like you the floral George Floyd or something.


Man, get your shit together man. Get you and don't bother a brother to say bless you because your white ass having trouble with some dandelion dander. Okay? Get it together. Your soft ass can't breathe for half a second. You want God to help you, God. Come on Mike. Come on man. So I think that's, just, look, man, that's a cultural thing and I think you gotta let that lie where it lies, baby. That's what I believe. Praise God man. Thank you for the call though. Thank you for letting me think out loud with you.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www.valorrecoverycoaching.com or email them at admin@valorrecoverycoaching.com. Thank you.


you know, I do wanna say though, it's at, you know, it is at time of year where we can try to do more for others. That's one of my things I was thinking about yesterday. I was like, how can I make next year? How can I do more? you know? And we all want to, to, right? We all want time. I hear that so many times from people like, hey, the want, how can I be a part of? How can I do? you know? And so yeah, I've been thinking about that a lot. And I'm gonna, IIII want to figure that out. you know, just ways to, yeah, we, we all want to find ways to give back to help our, our neighbor, you know? And this is the time of year for that to be on our, on our hearts, I think, or I don't know. I'm not trying to preach at you. This is the time of year where that's on my heart.


you know? How can I, yeah, how can I think about somebody else? Because what a relief it is when you're trapped in yourself to have a moment where you're thinking about somebody else. You're like, oh, thank you, God. Letting me think about somebody else. Man. What else? Let's take a couple more calls here on the way out. Lemme take this one right here. I love the show. I'm calling with an issue. I'm 20 years old. I've been drinking every single day since I've been 17. There's been times where I stop drinking for a week, but I always fall back into the same thing and I hate myself for it.


Mm. Everything pulls me down. I'm just wondering, If, you have any advice for me? Yeah, I notice myself, man, thanks for calling, bro. I notice myself when I get, when I'm doing something I don't want to be doing when I'm doing something I don't want to be doing. And then I've said to myself, Hey, I don't wanna do this anymore. And then I keep doing it. I can't help but do it. Right? That's addiction. You can't help it. You're doing it. Which isn't you. That's not you making that choice all the time. It is, it's a addiction, it's a disease, right? So the same as if somebody had cancer, you wouldn't say to 'em every day, oh damn, you have cancer again.


You keep choosing to have cancer. No, they have cancer. It's the same with addiction. You are, you don't want to do this. You are doing it. Right? You can't stop that cycle. And then here, this, this is what I've noticed for myself, then shame starts building up. Because now not only am I addicted, now I am now I am ashamed because I keep breaking my own promise to myself right now. I'm losing my integrity. So now, not only am am I dealing with addiction, but I'm also dealing with, with, with shame.


And man, when those two dogs get together, whew, good luck getting a Frisbee through the yard, brother. Them some growler daddy. But that's the only, people ask me a lot how you know about addiction stuff. The only answer I ever know that has helped me has been going to recovery. Go into Alcoholics Anonymous, starting there, go into a meeting. Because the first thing they ask you in there is that my life is your life unmanageable. That's the question. Is your life unmanageable? Doesn't nothing has to be about alcohol or any, is your life unmanageable?


Because that's a way where you get to choose for yourself. Nobody's making a diagnosis of you being an alcoholic. You decide, but it's like, is life unmanageable? And that's a very fair question, anybody. And if the answer is yes, then they, there's more than you take it from there and there, you know? But I would recommend go to three AA meetings, some different ones. Listen for the similarities and don't listen for the differences. Because it's easy to be like, ah, this shit not, nah, that ain't you. You hear one thing like, that ain't for me, you know? So yeah man, I'm sorry that you're dealing with that, but that's really the only, I don't have a magic button or a magic solution, you know?


And then once you're in there, you can maybe get some sponsorship or something. They can help you decide, If, you should get treatment or that sort of thing. Now, if you're drinking every day for that long, you may need treatment to detoxify yourself. But thinking of you brother, and, and thank you for calling man. I appreciate that. What else? Here we go. Let's hear it. What? Up to you. Hi. Hey, I got a question for you. My name's Jocelyn and I have a son here. He's 10 years old with Down Syndrome. Just any advice that you would give to him personally would be much appreciated.


And we think you're great. Keep doing what you're doing, bro. Thank you. Thank you, Jocelyn. That was very sweet of you to call. Happy Thanksgiving to you and to your child right there. And I'd say to, to, to your child, I'd say, hang in there young king. Okay, you little freckled, sparrow of the heavens. Hang in there. Hold the line baby boy. 'cause young Ds Lords, like yourself are heroes. And you are beloved. You are God's thank you card. There's not an any of us in the, in, in existence that doesn't, that doesn't see somebody with Don Syndrome and feel something.


you know, you make a candle, just a candle, just light up inside of everybody. Y'all are the ones, y'all are the ones braving the genetic nether realm to see what's on the other side. Y'all are the Lewis and Clarks of DNA. Okay? The Harriet Tubman of afflictions. That's y'all young king. And every year we're getting closer to winning this war. I'll say that out loud. We will battle with Down syndrome until it's all the way down. We will not relent.


So keep hugging your mom and keep being a bumblebee of hope for all of us. And keep smiling because when you smile, when people with dance syndrome smile, all, we all smile somehow. 'cause we all have that D just a, not a, not a Ds, but A-D-O-S-E of it inside of us. And I believe that, you know, and that's why we can relate. And I love you and I love your mom. And I wish y'all a happy Thanksgiving and keep teaching the rest of us how to love better.


you know? Because I was right there in it. I was right there in it, just in the grips. And I was able to just break my foot free as a child. And I love you guys, man, baby. Praise God, man. What else? Any other call that came in. Here's a young lady that called and here we go. One more call. Hey, I'm struggling. It's just hard going back and forth trying to find a job with an addiction.


It's really hard. I can't seem to put the alcohol down. And it's funny, that is, I listened to your podcast because of how you talked about Coke and something I've been struggling with putting it down. And I just get to the point where I just, I get so deep you can't get out of it. And I know what, you know, what I mean, but I'm really trying to keep just looking up, Man.


It just, shit breaks my heart, kind of, you know? It's tough. Yeah. Just I, I don't know what it makes me feel I mean. It just, I guess, yeah, I mean it just, yeah. I don't know. It makes me sad. Yeah, I guess it makes me like what does it make you feel like? Well, I think it's, I think it's powerful that they feel like they could reach out to you to talk about it with someone who can relate. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. I think 'cause there's a part of, it's like you wanna, you can just tell when somebody's hurting.


you know, I think we can all tell when somebody else is having a tough time, you know, and we, maybe I'll just call her. Is that crazy? You think Trevon do it? I think it would make her day. Let's just call her. Let's see. We can even ask her if we, I don't care if we put this on or not. We can just, lemme see. Hello. Hey, what's up? Who Is this? It's Theo. Theo.


Theo. Theo. Von. I got you. Did you call, I, I don't know if this is the right person. Did you call our, I just, I'll have like a voicemail thing. I just didn't know. If, you called it the other day. Is this really day long? Yeah, yeah it is. Who's this? Holy shit. You actually listen to it? Yeah, sometimes it takes me a while, dude. It fricking takes me a while. But we just happened to start list, just like we're we, we've been listening for the past couple weeks to try and do like a, an episode to come out next week. And so, yeah, today I was listening to him and I just heard your message and it just like, yeah, you know, I struggle with shit. So I just thought I would just say, what's up? Or you know. Dude, I just had a wreck like two days ago and Oh, What Happened?


I don't know how I didn't die. I was not paying attention and I got, I like rear ended him, but I was flying and I shouldn't have. And it totaled the fuck outta my car. Oh. I don't know how I died. I just, I just came out with a small concussion and nobody else was hurt. And Did you have insurance? But it's Been a, yeah. Oh, that's good. It's getting taken care of, but it's just been a shitty week. I got cheated on too, so. Oh, That's A worst. I can't believe you actually listened to my voicemail. Yeah, well it just shook me, you know. I mean it just made me, you know, it seemed like you're having a, going through a tough time and I've been there for sure. So I'm going on 19 hours sober Of no drinking, being Sober right now.


Let's go. That's awesome. Dude. 19 hours is big. I know. It's a lot for me. Yeah, yeah, it is. I'm happy for you. That's awesome. What do you think, so what, what time of day or what kind of happens that you start to, you, you feel like you start to fall apart a little bit or make you drink? Well, it was really the start of my job. I started a job last year and we ended up having to work like it was mandatory seven days a week. And it's been like that the whole time I started and I finally, they fired me in October that, and that's when shit really started to fall apart. I started showing up, drinking on the job and stuff.


It was just getting really rough, burnt out. Yeah. So you, you just drinking and get by, huh? Yeah. Oh, I went through a couple relationships. I tried to make relationships and just got shit on It is just, it's been a rough year. Really? Yeah. Dang. And where do you got family over there or no? Yeah, I live with my mom and my dad. Oh, nice. Do you have any children? Oh no, I'm 24. I'm still living a little bit of life, trying to, Oh well look, I think you got some blessings right there and then, so you don't have a, you don't have a responsibility outside of yourself you gotta take care of. That's nice, you know? Yeah. I mean, except for your folks, you know?


Yeah. Do you ever go to AA meetings or anything? No, I have never thought about it. I got put on medication a while back, but I got off of it and I think that kind of made it worse 'cause I went cold Turkey. Oh yeah. That can be tricky. I, but I felt like the medicine was just making me more depressed, but it could be from the drinking too, while drinking on it. So I've never had like talked to a therapist or anybody about it. Well, what do you feel I mean? Do you feel like you drank too much or you just feel like you feel bad? I mean, are you, or do you just feel like maybe you just had a tough couple days?


No judgment either. I'm not judging you. Yeah, I just, I've been through, I know there's people out there that go through worse things, but I have was in a relationship for a few years before I moved back in with my parents and it was abusive and I lost, I had a, I was pregnant and I lost my baby and I think that's where it all started. This is just really hard. Yeah, I bet that's tough, huh? You probably just, I don't know, what did it, did you start? Yeah. Like what did you start feeling you think? I just felt like I couldn't do nothing.


I could it anymore. I think that's where it all started, like to fall apart for me and I kept trying to like get back up and it just kept bringing me back down. And then I just picked up alcohol. And it's funny because I used to never want to drink. Not even when I turned 21. And Yeah, It's just a lot of baggage I feel like. Oh yeah. Oh, if I just can't feel, if I feel like I just can't do good anymore. That's a horrible feeling. Yeah. I'm sorry that you but yeah, I'm sorry you that you've been dealing with all that. I'm trying to get back up on my feet, get another job. I think that's not working and stuff like that is really, you're just sitting at home thinking in your head all the time.


I don't, I have one friend and I love her to death. She always tries to help me, but I'm kind of a hardhead and don't listen to Her. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. We can't. Yeah, it's hard. Yeah. Don't try to help me. That's the last thing I, well, dang. Yeah. I wish there was some way that I could help out. you know? I wish there was something I could do to be supportive. Yeah. I mean, do they have therapist in your town? Do you think even going to somebody like that would help? I'm just trying to think of something that might help you get a better, you know, or do you need to get a new job? Do you think you could even work right now? What do you think's going on? I don't, I don't even, I don't know how to start. I don't know if I, I've always like been around people that tell me therapy doesn't work and you don't need to go to pay somebody to tell 'em about your problems 'cause they don't care, you know, stuff like that.


So I guess I kind of just stuck that in my head that I didn't need to go talk to people about it, I guess. Yeah. I kind of just hold it in until I explode. Yeah. Well, yeah, I just don't know if that's good or not. I don't know if it's good for anything to hold anything in that long, you know. No, It's not. But I've always grew up where you don't talk about your emotions that much. So kind of normal. Yeah, dude. Oh God, if I If you felt something in my neighborhood, somebody call you a dang faggot to be honest with you, you know? Yeah. And no offense, I didn't say that. I think it's a, It's ai. No, that's exactly how it is down here. Yeah. But damn. Yeah, I feel you there.


Well, how about this? Maybe I'll just, is it all, I'll check back in with you in like a week or something to see how things are going. Okay. That it really helped me calling. I, you actually heard me like, it just felt, it made me feel better. Yeah. Well, I, I, I know what that's, I, yeah, I can relate to that man, for sure. Yeah. Just sometimes You just need somebody to listen. Yeah. Yeah. That's true man. I feel that. I feel that. Yeah, I feel that. I definitely feel that. Yeah, it feels good to get it out, but you know, it, some people just don't wanna hear about your problems.


They're always like, well, I'm dealing with this, I'm dealing with that. Everybody's dealing with shit, you know? Yeah. But sometimes we just need somebody to hear you out and not make you feel crazy for it. Yeah. And you're right, sometimes we just don want somebody to listen, you know, we just want something to be, you know, we just want a place to put something. There's obviously different things you could go do to try to get help for yourself, you know, or If you wanted to, you have insurance or no? Yeah, I do. Okay, cool. So you could If you wanted to try therapy then you could try it at least, you know, I know it takes time to like try and figure that out, but that is a thing. And then, yeah. But yeah. How about this? I, I'll just, yeah, I just wanna just, I, I'll check back in like in a week or something and just see how you're doing.


Is that okay if I check back in? Yeah, that's fine. Okay, cool. All right, well have a good time over there. What y'all gonna do for Thanksgiving? Shit, I don't know. What are your parents doing? They're cooking some food and, well, family over out. I'm not on good terms with my brother right now, so it's gonna be kinda awkward. Damn. I wish I could figure that out before he gets over there. Everybody tells me to apologize. I need to stop holding the grudge. I know, I do. Yeah. I'm working on it. Yeah, I feel you. Sometimes that stuff's hard, you know? It's hard. Maybe. Yeah.


I don't, I don't know. I, I feel you. I'd struggle with that. I got the same issues with some of my family. It's tough, you know, it's family's tough, but yeah. If I can't swallow my pride for my fam, you know, at least do it for myself, for others, you know? 'cause it don't have to be about me on Thanksgiving. That's what I started thinking the other day. Yeah. You know, I don't, I, I don't deserve to ruin other people's day just because I have feelings a certain way. you know, I, I should be able to figure that out. I'm not telling you that. I'm just saying that to me. Really Gotta be humble and grateful. Well I just, I should be able to approach somebody in my family at the end of the day. Say we're the last minute on earth.


What do I, what do I want that family member to think? I want them to think, oh, I was holding something against them, you know, that I couldn't figure out, you know, like, no, I would want my family member to think that I love them, you know? And so I gotta figure that out, even if it's for short term basis, you know? Because I, I don't know. I just don't want, yeah. I don't want to be always a part of the problem, you know? Yeah. But, alright, well I gotta finish up 'cause I'm about to go watch some football. Alright. What's your first name? Emily. Emily. Well, I appreciate you calling and I just hope you hang in there and Yeah, just don't feel alone, you know, because that's, that isn't true.


Yeah, I know. I have family that supports me. Yeah. And you just have people that are like you. I think sometimes you just have to go find, you have to, it's hard sometimes. We gotta, we gotta, we gotta find them, you know? Yeah. So, but anyway, I hope I'm not trying, I don't sound like I'm trying to preach at you, do I? No, no. I needed this actually. I needed to talk to somebody about it. Yeah. Anything else you're feeling? No. I'm just gonna drink a bunch of water and keep going. There you go. Stay hydrated baby. That's what you can do. Alright, Emily. Happy Thanksgiving. All right. Happy Thanksgiving.


You have a good one. Okay? You too. Take care. Bye. Wow, sweet girl. Yeah man, it just, that's wild. That's so fun to you. That's the same things I'm dealing. I got some fam, it just like, it's tough. But then what do I want to do? I want to go, I wanna bring all this shit or tell my family members like, well I don't want to be there if they're there. And then I'm just making a storm. And the truth is, there's a part of me inside of me that, that wants to be around my family. It wants everything to be okay, you know? But there's another part of me that wants to have things my way and that's really what it is for me.


Even if the other person wronged me or I don't like their energy or whatever, I can't figure the shit out for two hours, you know? And then what's my part in it? I'm a saint. No, sometimes I'm a, sometimes I'm a Saint Bernard with a couple of face tattoos, baby. I'm fucking jelly wolf, you feel me? So don't make me pop the trunk. Oh, this is my brother. Lemme see if I can get a couple of him to say a couple things. He's thankful for Big Z. What's up bro? Not much. I'm recording my podcast right now, brother. How are you? Good, good.


Just checking in on you brother and seeing, checking in on you after the other day. Oh yeah. I appreciate it, man. Yeah, I was just talking to some girl who had been, she like called her hotline. She'd been having a tough time. Oh really? Yeah, she just, yeah, she was having a tough time. So I just gave her, I just called over there and was talking to her for a little while. Oh, from the show? Yeah. Oh, nice. Yeah. So you got the, you've been doing the Hotline more now? Someone said that to me the other day. I'm trying to, I just, sometimes it's hard for me to feel comfort. It's like I don't like to do it when I don't or do solo. you know, sometimes I do my podcast just by myself. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't like to do it if the, if I don't feel comfort, you know, like if I feel agitated or something or I'm stressed out.


Yeah, well that's fine. That makes sense to me. you know, I mean. Yeah. Yeah. Because it just feels like I can't be, I don't feel like my, you know, I just feel like a, like I'm just going through the emotions or whatever, you know? But yeah, you kind of caught up in other stuff. Yeah. But it was just, yeah. But some girls called, she'd just been struggling with. Oh nice. That's pretty, that's pretty crazy. You kind of did a little 12 step work on your podcast. Yeah. Just to listen to her. She had, she was talking about, I don't know, she reminded me of just, it's funny because we both had some of the same things, which was like being around family during the holiday, just stuff like that too. We ended up talking about Yeah.


Yeah. I need to call the Hotline man. I always forget about that. You guys can call in sometime. Yeah, dude. Well actually you can help us right now. We're finishing the If. you have a couple things you're thankful for. We're just gonna think of a couple of 'em on the way out, out of the episode. If, you got a couple? Oh man, what am I thankful for? Oh, that's such a big question. you Know? I know it is. I guess I I mean I'm definitely thankful for, you know, my family, you know, you and everyone else in our family. For sure. I'm really thankful for my friends and the friendships that I've been developing.


I mean I'm thankful for potential. you know, just like being able to just to get up in the morning and you know, go for another day. I'm thankful for, I'm really thankful for the, that I get to be a parent, you know? Oh yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. I love parenting. I love raising my children. Wanna say here, yeah, I used to have this, this hypothetical, like it's a little bit derogatory, but I can tell you If you want? Yeah. All right.


Alright. So if you're on an island and you can't, you can't masturbate, right? You can't. Okay. That's the example. You have no arms, you can't do It. Okay. You have legs though. Well you, yeah, but If, you can use 'em to masturbate then. No. 'cause you can't masturbate in this example. Okay, I see. So no matter what Leg, there's no way you can do it. There's no way you can do it with one leg. You have one leg and no arms. Oh, Got me. Yeah. And you're just laying naked. You're laying naked on the beach. On this deserted island. Right. Okay. And but you have a strong libido, right? Okay. And you're a heterosexual male. Like you, like you I mean like you probably are, I don't know for certain, but you probably are a heterosexual male.


So you're a heterosexual male. Yeah. And you have a strong beater. You can. And then all of a sudden there's another man on the island. Oh. So here's the question. Do you eventually have sex with this man? No. I don't think you do. Well for me it's a hell yeah. God. Hell yeah. I mean really. I don't mean like a Well yeah, think about it. Which If, you can't If, you can't masturbate, you can't Sex. But y'all date for a long time first. Or is there any, or how does it even, No one day you're out there just laying on the beach 'cause you can't walk. You only have one leg. You can get up and hop Over. You just lay out. Well you could. You could knee over, you could knee over, you could hobble over.


And then kind of from the distance, here comes this wa man walking. And he's got two legs. Oh yeah. Big spender. Huh? Big spender. He got a shirt. He got a shirt. But you can see his chest and you guys just strike it up, you know? Whatcha talking about dude? Yeah, Just listen. It is the example. You make a little bonfire together, you roast weenies, you have a little weenie roast. Wait, hold on. How you can't even walk, but suddenly you're a damn wee scout dude. No bro. Look, he carries you over to the fire and lays you down. Oh God. Breast up. Breast up lays you down.


And then, so I'm just saying eventually, eventually you'd have sex even though you're not, even though you're a heterosexual male. All right. Alright man. I'm gonna give you a buzz back. All right. That's what I'm thankful for. All right bro. I love you. Alright, love you too man. Wow. It's got me thinking too, man. You're like, you'd have to go on dates with the guy, you know what I'm saying? You're like, and you'd have to know, people aren't coming to get you. You can't just, you know what I'm saying? Trevin, You'd be having sex with the guy and then you hear a helicopter over Time.


Yeah, totally. Yeah. You can't be If. you just are stuck on an island for two days and you hook up with a dude, then you're just a gay guy, which is fine, but don't be like, oh, the island or whatever. Wow. Just an island boy. Dang bro. And that's why our family has trouble during the holidays. I'll tell you that. Man. That is why they do blessings to everybody out there, man. Thank you guys for being a part of my life. Thank you for letting me be a part of your life. Thank you. For just this year. It's been crazy, man. The past couple weeks we're really crazy.


Like yeah, I kind of was like losing my mind. I went on Joe Rogan's show and I was just having a tough time on that. I just was like, I think I got real scared. Like after like the election and people making podcast, like they're like podcasts swayed the election and I don't believe any of that. I believe people do what they want to do, you know? And, and then they make you out to be this big right wing fa people emailing me about fascism or whatever. And just a lot. Just like, yeah, just 'cause I voted for my buddy. I, Bobby Kennedy's my friend, that is my friend.


I know, but I, I, in fact he's, he's a good, he's a just a, a, he's somebody I trust. He's my friend, right? I'll vote for my friend. You think my friend is gonna run for fricking president of the United States and I'm not gonna vote for him, dude. Or for, you know, minister of health or whatever, or whatever it is called. It's called Deadpool seven or whatever he's called now or whatever. You know, the CVS warlord or, I'm not even sure what they're calling him now, but yeah, I'm gonna vote for my friend. And I don't really care what anybody thinks about that.


I, I don't think, and I wouldn't think it's weird If, you vote for your friend. I don't give a fuck who anybody votes for, but yeah. So, but I don't know. Yeah, I think just a lot of stuff like kind of freaked me out in the past couple weeks and I was just been feeling overwhelmed and, and yeah. And then we all go through shit and then the, the years going fast and whatever. I'm not, I'm not making a pity party. I'm just happy to take a breath, man. I'm just happy to take a breath, happy to be alive. And maybe I do feel like I have to explain myself. I don't know I mean, you know, I don't, I don't know. I'm just, I don't know what I'm doing.


Okay, so you won't come to my house or office. I don't even have an office, but you won't come to whatever and see like a board, like a, you know, chalkboard or whatever with arrows on it or whatever. Or like mi you know, it says, you know, secrets or you know, just like, so anyway, I don't even know what I'm talking about. Who cares, man. I've talked enough, I've wasted enough of your time today. As always. the Hotline is 9, 8, 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3 and yeah, the holidays, man. You gotta think they're coming up. Lemme try this one.


Nah, that's Jesus Christ. I'm gonna beat somebody's ass outside of a bed Bath and beyond if I have to hear that. Let's try this. Okay. It's close. It's a bit much. That's My brother. I can't listen to that anymore. He's trying to get me to go on a cruise. I bet. There we go.


A little too slow. Oh yeah. That's taking a bath by yourself, dude. That's when it gets really crazy. If you're young and you jerk off to that dude, you obviously wear, wear like a nice jacket when you do it. you know, Just remind everybody.


Be good to yourselves, man. Be good to others. Do, let's do, we'll just keep doing what we can do. Excited about the end of the year we have coming up. We will take a week off at some point for no episode. And, and yeah, that's what's, that's all that's going on. And happy Thanksgiving to you. Trevin. You too brother. Yeah. Thank you for being here. Riley Mao, Ben Becker, all of the producers that have helped. Zach Powers, Colin Reiner, Nick Davis, Cameron George. We got a whole gaggle of guys and, and people who have over the years. Happy Thanksgiving to you guys.


And thank you guys for being a part of my life and, and, and the support. And you guys. Be good to yourselves, baby gang. Who? My will be you yourself to need, you know, I don't eat.


Just want some of the under the, under the moon light. We can take it slow. I can be your only guy. Don't need to think twice when I got you by my side with you. Everything that I need it. I know you on your list, but all I'm asking you Santa, show me when you show yourself to me, help me find who my baby will be.


Santa. Tell me when you show yourself to me, help me find who my baby will be. Tonight. Tonight. And this show yourself to me.


Help me find who my baby will be. Santa tell me. Find You'll show yourself to me. Help me find will My, you show yourself to me, please. Tell me my, tell me. Show yourself.