
You know, I've, sometime I put on them nighttime underpants. you know what I'm talking about? Because who sleeps naked? Baby? A criminal. That's who not I, Tommy Johns. That's what I'm wearing. I like Tommy Johns. I like them. The male negligee they got for you. Them underpants, because they smooth. You can feel 'em and they feel good. God, you can't even believe you're feeling yourself when you got them TJs on, baby them. God, they feel so good. I want 'em on right now. I'll put 'em all over myself. What I love about 'em is the waistband isn't super tight on 'em. Some underpants, you get 'em. The waistbands so tight. So I have one sip of water and then I gotta go pee pee. I don't like doing that. Tommy John lets you feel comfortable and casual inside of your own skin exclusively. For our listeners, you can shop Tommy John's Amazing Black Friday sale early right now save 30% off site-wide, only@tommyjohn.com slash theo with code. Theo, that's 30% off for a limited ti excuse me, that's 30% off for a limited time@tommyjohn.com slash t with code. Theo, see site for details.


I have some new tour dates to tell you about for 2025. I'll be in Toledo, Ohio, oh eight. I'll be in Rama, Ontario. In the Canada, I'll be in Pittsburgh, Eugene, Oregon. We pull Kennewick, Seattle, Washington, Victoria, BC in the Canada Belt in Texas. San Antonio, Durant, Oklahoma, Amadio, Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Tallahassee, Florida, and Rosemont, Illinois.


That'll still be the return of the rat tour. What will everybody know? It's the return of the rat tour. Yes. Some of it changes over time, but it's not a new tour. So hopefully we'll get it done soon. We just, there's places to go, you know, so get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO uur and thank you so much for your support. I am excited to announce that I'm starting a foundation. I'm starting a foundation, so thank everybody for coming out and seeing the live shows and stuff. And yeah, we're gonna have a foundation and so it's gonna be exciting that next year we'll be able to do things through that. So it's one step at a time, but I just wanted to say just thank you guys for the support and I'm excited to see what else is possible.


Amen, baby. Today's guest is a professor at NYU. He's the host of the Prof G Markets podcast. He's a marketing and business expert and a public speaker. I'm most interested personally in his work that often explores the issues that young men are facing in the changing world. I'm really grateful for his time today. It's one of the reasons that we're in New York City. Today's guest is Mr. Scott Galloway.


Scott Galloway. Thanks for coming, man. I can't tell you how excited my staff is that I'm here. I've never, literally when, when my chief of staff found out I was coming on, she wanted to come with me, I said, what is it about your content you like? He said, no, I just think he's really hot. Oh God. And my my And is it a man or woman? Yeah. Yes. Okay. No, Mary Jean Rebos friends for 20 years, wonderful woman. And my, my prop g markets co-host Ed, who I can't get to come into an office, decided he was coming to this with me. So you're, you're a legend at Prof g Work from home ed. They always show up, huh? Yeah. Oh yeah.


Thanks, man. Yeah, I, I, I gotta get over to Prof g then, man, the next time I come into this city, we'll have to get over it and yeah, we'd like that and have some experience over there. That'd be cool. you know, I, and I appreciate that and yeah, I feel lucky to have an audience. you know, I think it sometimes it kind of blows my mind, you know? Yeah. And I think I mostly just keep working. Yeah. you know, that's like the only feel, like, like the thing I know how to do best. Like my biggest relationship is probably with my work. Yeah. you know, I was thinking the other day, somebody's like, you gonna get a wife? And I'm like, well, I have, you know, 40 hours a week. I have this woman, you know, I have this work is like, feels like my wife, you know, a lot of times. But I just, to po press pause there, I think that's, I think young people have to have a sober conversation with themselves around trade-offs.


And that is, I ask my kids when I say my kids, my students, where they expect to be economically and in terms of influence and 70% of 'em expect to be in, in the top 1% within 10 years. And what I have found is that if you wanna be in the top 1% from an influence, from a real spiritual reward, from your work, from a financial standpoint, you pretty much have to go all in for 10, probably 20 years. The capitalist society is very good at figuring out who's really in, you know, in it for the full 110%. I don't know anyone who's reached the level of success you've reached without pretty much going all in on work. And it comes at a trade off, it comes at a trade off of relationships, comes to a trade off in terms of your own fitness, your own mental wellbeing.


But from the age of like 25 to 45, I really don't remember much else than working. Really. Yeah. And I'm not saying that's the right way. Right? Yeah. No, but not All it was my way. Yeah. And, and I don't regret it. Huh. Yeah. It's funny 'cause I think I, I do, I I think I lament sometimes not like, it's so funny you say that, like, this afternoon, I know I have like about two hours, you know, and I'm like, do I go to an AA meeting or do I stretch? Right? Those are like my two, like, which one is gonna help me more for tomorrow? Like, you know, like, but really, like, it's like, yeah, do I do some type of a fitness thing or do I do like a wellness thing? you know, like a, so like a recovery thing.


But yeah, it's funny, I just, I thought about that a lot recently. Like, 'cause work was like something I, that I think was like, I knew what the return could be, right. So it was a manageable relationship. Right. Whereas I think other relationships for me, and I'm not getting into self pity, those have been tougher to manage, or I didn't have as much luck and not, not luck in meeting women, but luck in actual managing relationships. Yeah. And so then I, I was like, well, but this relationship I can manage, you know? Yeah. And I know what the return can be based on my investment and there's not a ton of emotional pain involved in it for me or other people, you know, unless you work for me, sometimes I can get a little heady, you know?


Yeah. And this is gonna sound crass, but the opportunities, your selection set for mating will broaden as you become more successful professionally. That's just a cruel truth of capitalism. The trade off will become the relationships with your parents, your relationship with God. I know you're a spiritual person, the relationship you have with yourself, but you'll, it's the world is unfair as it relates to men. And that is, as long as we, our trajectory of success professionally and economically is upward, we are afforded a disproportionate number of mating opportunities. So, wait, so say that part again? That the end part again, just something, if you have Money you can get laid. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. If you have money you can get laid, but then, but there's trade offs too.


Huge trade offs. Yeah. you know, I, one of the things I wish I'd done, I wish I had started with kids a little bit earlier. I, I only, I have two boys. One of my biggest regrets is I wish I had a third, I wish I had a daughter. I think a lot about like how much I'm enjoying it. And I was working so hard that I didn't have a lot of time with them. And you know, they're gone, you know, that that 8-year-old that, you know, used to come in and sleep in my bed with me on the Sunday mornings, he's gone. And I see the kind of, the gentleness my friends have with some of their girls. you know, I really messed up and I'm blessed to have two boys. I, I'm a glass half empty kind of guy. I look at stuff I, I know rationally I'm blessed to have two boys, but I look at it like, I wish I'd had more kids.


How old are you? Yeah, I'm 44. I need to have, I need to get some children. So I would like to get some, I I, I I mean I don't know much about you, but I would argue that I, I'm not one of these people that says you can't be happy without kids. But I didn't want to have kids. I wanted to be rich and awesome. Those were my priorities in that, in that order. Yeah. And what I found is all of that is a means to an end in a capitalist society, you have to be able to be economically viable, otherwise your kid's gonna fill that stress. It's gonna put stress on your partnership. But for the first time in my life, you know, there's these moments, you know, where you're, you're watching Premier League football and your kids roll in and, and they jump on the couch and the dogs come over and your kids just sort of naturally throw their legs on yours.


And it's the only time I've ever had this feel. And maybe if you've had it other places where I'm like, this is enough. you know, when I was your age coming to New York, seeing a hotel like this, I wanted every a night I'd start thinking, where am I going tonight? That's cool. I was at Equinox yesterday. I was there, a cooler gym. I'm at zero Bond. Is there a more exclusive club? I'm hanging out with this interesting hot group of people tomorrow. Can I hang out with more interesting, more hot people? This is how much money I made this month. Can I make more? It was just like more, fuck it. I want more. And Only where did it come from? Sorry. Go on. And more, and the only thing, the Only time I've ever been like, okay, this might be enough, isn't usually in the presence of my kids. Hmm. That's interesting man.


you know, I have moments of, yeah, I think there was like, I do remember like leaning against my dad when he was on the couch or something, and like a shirt that he would wear, or that's like probably the fondest memory I have of him, you know, of like, just leaning in, you know, like, and it didn't really matter like what was going on. It was just like being right there or of like your dad touching you on the back of the neck. That kind of stuff I think is, is very important for kids. Like, it's such a, a like a safe position that a, a dad can put their son in. Kind of like, not choking, but just one hand. And what made you create that first idea that more is the thing, you know, because obviously you've seen that, you know, guys, we wanna feel like the hunters, the gathers, you want to feel like the, the create the, the person who can put it together.


The provider, right? Yeah. But what made it you think so crucial? Like in that next thing, like that higher, was it almost like an addiction kind of to achievement? A Little, a little bit. I know the exact moment. I got my act together and I got really motivated growing up. I had, I described my childhood as remarkably unremarkable. It wasn't especially good or especially bad. I was raised by a single immigrant mother, lived and died a secretary. And it was, but it wasn't a bad life. But the moment that changed everything for me was, my mom got, my mom got very sick when I was in graduate school. And she called me and said, you need to come home. And my mom's not a dramatic person. And so I flew home and went into a situation that was, she had been released early.


She, we were kind of underinsured. She just had her second mastectomy. She'd been through chemo and the hospital basically booted her out kind of prematurely. And I walked into a situation that I just did not know how to handle. Wow. And I started calling nurses. And nurses were 35 bucks an hour and we just didn't have that kind of money. Yeah. And that feeling, you'll feel this and you, maybe you feel it now with your, your staff and your parents, but as a man, I think you have a very healthy instinct around protection. And this woman who'd been so good to me, I couldn't take care of her. And to be honest, Theo was humiliating. And that was when I said, okay, I gotta get my act together.


I gotta be able to take care of my mom. So that was, that was really sort of my driving. I thought, okay, I didn't wanna save the whales. I didn't wanna be a good person. I didn't want a close relation with God. I wanted economic security for me and my mom. Yeah. And that was, and also the other flip side of it isn't nearly as noble. I also noticed that my male friends whose parents had homes in Aspen and were driving BMWs were hanging out with higher character, better looking women than I was. Yeah. And that women were drawn to men with resources, not only 'cause they could offer them a better life, but because it reflected discipline and character and that they might be better dads.


Yeah. But my, the bottom line is the, the thing that got my or motivated me was women trying to take, wanting to take care of my mom and wanting to be more attractive to a potential mate. That's when I got my act together. Yeah. And I guess that's really the, probably the truth for a lot of, and some of that's nature, right? Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. Because women want to be felt safe, you know? Oh dude, I remember this dude, Mr. Willie put a fence up on his fucking house in our neighborhood, and people were like, look at this fucking hero over here. you know, because nobody else had it. That Takes offense. Well, It was one of those double door fences. Ah. And we were like, this guy's, oh, they, they think they live in a damn estate, you know?


Nice. And, but yeah, I think there is something about that, about being able to provide. So it makes you feel, especially if you don't know anything else. I think it's the, it's the first and most it, I don't wanna say the easiest thing to do, but it's something you can immediately start to do. Well, I think everybody needs a code. Right. It sounds like you get a co a few codes from different places, whether it's your spirituality, your church. I think AA has a nice code. Yeah. That's probably my biggest one. And it's a powerful one. Right. And it's a construct that works for millions of people. And it, I, the thing I like about AA is it's both an opportunity to improve yourself, but immediately move to how you help others. Being in a service is something bigger than your self help.


It's just, it feels to me like a really strong code. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out how, if masculinity can, can be a code for young men. I feel like a lot of young men now, they're not attaching to church. They're not attaching to school. More single parent households in any country. But Sweden, they're not joining the service. They're not in a relationship. Only one in three men under the age of 30 is in a relationship. Whereas two and three women under the age of 30 is in a relationship. Why? Because women are dating older. 'cause they want more economically and emotionally viable men. Hmm. So if a guy has, is not going to church, he's not playing sports, not in college, not in a relationship, and he doesn't have a male role model, where does he get his code?


And I actually think that, that while masculinity has been con conflated incorrectly, in my view with toxicity or something bad, how can we better define a mo modern form of masculinity such that it can serve as a code for young men. Yeah. A guiding light the same way kind of AA has for you. And I think very loosely, and I'm writing a book on this and I still haven't figured it out. And I'm curious if you have any thoughts. I think the, kind of the three legs of the stool are provider. We live in a capitalist society. I'm not talking about the way the world should be the way it is. Men are disproportionately evaluated based on their economic viability. Yeah. If your son lives in a, or your daughter lives in a household that's economically strained, he or she's gonna have a higher resting systolic blood pressure.


Stress from economic stress invades everything. In a capitalist society, you're expected to be a provider. And by the way, sometimes that means getting out of the way or being some more supportive of your partner who happens to be better at this money thing than you. More women are graduating from college, two outta three jobs now need college degrees. But you should start from a position of, I need to be economically viable. I need to learn a trade, a skill, get certified, show up, work hard, and try and try and have some discipline around saving. Develop a savings muscle. Don't be that idiot that orders bottle service. you know, try to show you have your act together economically. Two protector, I think a really nice default setting for a man should be an immediate movement to protection.


Like real men break up fights at bars. They don't start them. Real men protect their country. They don't shit post it. you know, real men don't complain. They're there to absorb, they add surplus value, they create more revenue for the government than they consume. They help people more than maybe they require help. And I, and, and sometimes that can go off the rails because some men feel like it's not masculine to express vulnerability. So there's a downside to that. Maybe you don't understand the LGBT community, maybe you don't believe, and all this what's going on with the focus on trans rights. But your first instinct should be, if you see a community that's being de demonized, whether it's migrants, the LGBT community, your first instinct as a man, I think should be to protection.


You hear someone talking shit about someone behind their back, your first instinct should be to protection. Hmm. So I like that notion of protection. And the final one that's more controversial is procreator. I think the, the, the desire where I am now, most rewarding thing in my life we're talking about is my boys. If we reverse engineer it, it's them. It's my partner having birth. It's us living together. It's us getting a dog. It's us spending a lot of time together. It's us having a relationship. But if I reverse engineer it to the source code or the most rewarding thing in my life, it's me seeing this very attractive woman at the hotel pool at the Raleigh Hotel. And I didn't think, oh, she's gonna be great at buying land and developing it and she's gonna be economically viable and she's gonna be a great mom.


It started with me really being physically attracted to her. And I think men need to look at themselves and say, how do I put myself in a position where I can be not only attractive to women, but get the skills where I can express physical desire while making them feel safe? Mm. And it's a very basic question. Would you want to have sex with you? Would you wanna be romantic with you? Are you in good shape? Are you a good person? Are you kind? Or do you have your act together professionally? Do you listen? Do you give notice to their life? But protector, provider, and procreator, I would like to figure out a way to develop a more aspirational model for masculinity that serves as a role model or a code for young men.


Hmm. The book that you're working on now is something that you're saying that that kind of addresses some of that space. you know, like figure, like kind of almost giving a, like, kind of charting a course, but you know, adding some coordinates to a course for young men. Yeah, that's what I'm hoping. Young men, there's no group in the world that's ascended faster than women. Right. More women are seeking tertiary education globally than men now. Yeah. Twice as many women have been elected to some sort form of parliament in the last 30 years. Wow. More single women own own homes in the US than single men and urban centers. Women are making more money under the age of 30 than men. And by the way, we should do nothing to get in the way with that. Yeah. No dude, that's amazing. I'm gonna league of their own fan. you know, that's Amazing.


But the second order effect we weren't planning on, and we don't like to talk about this, is that 50% of women say they won't date a guy shorter than them. I bet it's 80%. They're just embarrassed to admit it. And metaphorically, every year women are getting taller. Dear God. And men are getting shorter. Yeah. So is That true? Well, metaphorically, if you look at how many Oh, a hundred percent. Women are killing it right now. Yeah. 50% more women will get college degrees this year. Right. So More than men, There'll be, it's 60 40, right? It used to be 40, 60. Got it. So that's, yeah, it's about the same. Yeah. It's about 50% more in a couple years. One In three men walking down the street under the age of 30 hasn't had sex in the last year.


So in mating, if we're gonna have an honest conversation about mating, we have to have an honest conversation. Women mate, socioeconomically, horizontally and up men horizontally and down three outta four women say economic viability is key to a mate. Only one in three men state that. Hmm. So when the pool of horizontal and up of men is shrinking, there's less household formation, there's less relationships. And the weird thing about a lack of a relationship is that when a woman doesn't have a romantic relationship, she finds more productive uses for that additional energy. She'll channel it into work, she'll channel it into her friends, into her family. Guys come off the rails when they don't have the guideposts of a romantic relationship.


I know I did. Mm. I was, I was getting high every night. I love marijuana. And I remember my girlfriend saying to me, basically what it came right down to is she said, if you don't stop getting high every night, I'm gonna stop having sex with you. And so I decided to stop getting high every night. Yeah. Because I really enjoyed what we were doing and I enjoyed the relationship. Oh yeah. I think guys need that guidepost of a relationship. And oftentimes when the men don't have the guideposts of a relationship, they become insecure. They be, they start becoming more prone to conspiracy theory. They start blaming women, they start blaming other people. I mean the skills to some of the skills to maintain a healthy relationship or some of the same skills required to be professionally successful.


And so single men are basically the most dangerous thing in the world. A a young single broke man. And I don't wanna pathologize every guy that doesn't have a girlfriend. Yeah. If you look at the most violent, unstable societies in the world, they have a preponderance of one thing. And that is young men without a lot of economic and romantic opportunities. Mm. And you're saying we're creating more of those now? Oh, a hundred percent. Wow. So that's twice, twice as many women under the age of 30 are in a relationship. Versus men under the age of 33 million millennial men have given up on dating. They're not even trying. Yeah. I'm in groups with a lot of them. Here's one thing I would, I would, so how does it start? So let's say like, how does it kind of start? So if a lot of people are growing up, 'cause it feels like a lot of times that a lot of our media or our society has wanted to break up the nuclear family, right?


Yeah. And I don't know if that's sometimes like I buy into that, you know, I grew up outside of a regular family like you did. And so, you know, you definitely see the side effects of that. you know, like I have siblings that went kind of errant ways and found, you know, hope and purpose and friendship and people that were making poor choices. you know, I got kind of lucky and, and found some friends that were doing the opposite kind of. But not having that role model, I think in the home probably is probably a big start. So if that's something big that's going on, how do we s like, like where do we even start with that? you know, like how do you start to fix the family first?


I guess I mean, what do you fix first? you know? Well, Like role models. You, you've exactly zeroed in on, on the, the ground zero of it. If you look at, so first off, let's look at the problem. If you go into a morgue and you have five young people who've died by suicide, four of 'em are men. Wow. But women aren't I mean. Women aren't, women don't want to, they would rather have somebody kill them, I think. Or you know what I'm saying? Or that's crazy to say. But it's like, I agree with you. That was crazy to say. But they Love DenLine. you know what I'm saying? Like women, there's something, Well they like crime dramas. There's a difference between like crime drama. Yeah. But they want a guy to unexpectedly come over type of shit. Well there's, there's some weird shit.


Like, so for example, women are just as prone to try to commit suicide. Unfortunately men are more comfortable with gun play and are more successful at it. But if you look at where a guy comes, a boy comes off the tracks, it's when he loses a male role model. Right? More single parent homes than any, any country except for Sweden. And the interesting thing is, is that a girl in a single parent home, when we say single parent, we mean, we mean 92% of the time headed by mom. Right? Because, because usually children stay with the mom. The family court is very biased towards women for a lot of good reasons. Some, some less good reasons. So a girl in a single parent home, just living with mom has the same college attendance, the same levels of self-harm and depression.


The same, the same likelihood of depression. She's fine. Once a boy loses a male role model, he becomes dramatically more likely to be incarcerated, less likely to go to college, more likely to engage in self-harm. What most of the studies show is that while boys are physically stronger, they're mentally and emotionally much weaker than girls. They mature later. They mature later, they're more prone to violence, they're more prone to self-harm. They're literally 18 months behind their prefrontal cor cortex. They're biologically less mature. And without the male role model, the deep voice, the admiration, the the virtuous role model of a man, they come off the tracks.


And when you look at a lot of our communities with how many single parent homes they have, when you look at, a lot of kids aren't in afterschool programs. Kids are obese, not playing sports as much. So they don't have as much interaction with a coach. Maybe they don't know a pastor. 'cause they're not going to church or temple. There are millions of young boys who grow up and the first male role model they have as a prison guard. And so, wow. The solution, if you were to try and weigh in with programs, it's all right. I think of another, I think of ma I go back to masculinity. The first circle of masculinity. As you take care of yourself, you're in good shape, you have good self-care, you are economically viable, right?


You take care of yourself. Next ring out, you can take, start taking care of your family. Okay? Help out your parents, help out your siblings. You can start taking care of people at work. You, you overpay them, you're concerned about 'em, you're empathetic with 'em out. Don't let Two of'em are in here. You start taking care of your community. Okay. And then, Yeah, things that make you feel good, things that make you feel purpose, Surplus value. And then I think also we need to create a kind of a gestalt or a default or a zeitgeist in our society where one of the ultimate expressions of masculinity is you take an interest in the wellbeing of a boy that's not yours. Mm. And unfortunately, because of some very unfortunate instances in the Catholic church, or well-publicized stories about Chucky cheeses Or Michael Jackson.


Oh yeah. Huh. I was on Bill Maher and I said, more men like you Bill, need to get involved in a young man's life. He's a single guy, he's a good role model. And he is like, I can't get involved in a 15-year-old boy's life. Do you know what they'd say about me? And that's the problem, right? 'cause there's a lot of men out there with a lot of love to give, who feel a lot of fraternal and paternal love. And if you just did a quick survey of the people in your work and your neighbors, you're gonna find single mothers or a lot of your friends whose sons are struggling. And you don't have to be a baller. You just need to be a virtuous guy trying to live your life. Yeah. And my mom was really good at that. I had a guy down the hallway come over with his girlfriend and say, we're going horseback riding.


And he took me and he would start taking me, my mom, a couple of my mom's boyfriends stay involved in my life after they were broken up. I had a stockbroker, Theo, when I was 13, I walked into Dean Whitter Reynolds with $200. My mom's boyfriend had given me and Ibotta 12 shares of Columbia pictures for 16 bucks a share. And every day for two years, I'd go to Emerson Junior high pay booth, put in two dimes and call him. And I wasn't a very popular kid. Two or three times a week after school, I'd go to the stock brokerage. But you Buying stocks at lunch. Yeah. You're not popular, you know? Hey, you're forward thinking. True. Yeah. But It's paid off now. No, I get that Far. Got me cool. Made me cool later in life. But anyway, yeah. A certain point. Yeah, for Sure. But this guy s this 30-year-old guy working Dean Winter, and I'm 46 years later.


I got a text from S yesterday. We're still close. Oh, it's cool. Yeah. We, we we're out of each other's lives for 30 years and then we reconnected. I actually asked my class to try and track 'em down and they did. But if you are, you know, I love the statement. I think the true expression of manhood or being a good person is planting trees. The shade of which you'll never sit under. But I think more specifically for men. Well, I'll give, I'll, I'll ask you straight up. Yeah. Are you mentoring any young men or boys? Let me think about that. Maybe my neph one of my nephews. But I mean he has his father, you know? Yeah. But I think I keep a constant relationship with him because I want to be a part of his life, but in a more local environment, in my community.


No. Do you realize in New York there's big sisters and big brothers, there are three times as many applicants for big sisters than there are for big brothers. And why is that? Because young men just aren't, young mothers don't get their, or the kids, the male, the boys don't apply. I think men have been told that if you take an interest in the life of a boy that there's something wrong and people need to be suspect of it. Which Yeah. People would, yeah, people would definitely question it. Oh, it's crazy. I remember this started maybe about 10 years ago, if I saw somebody's kid or something and I wanted to give him a compliment. You feel like you couldn't, you gotta Be careful. Yeah. You, and then like suddenly, like you gotta be careful everything, there's a legal issue or you can't, Or people are suspicious. Yeah. There's a famous case of this kid, Greg Kelly, can you bring that up?


Who was, his mother was watching children. She was, she ran a home in their afterschool care in their home. Yeah. And one of the kids accused him of something and they don't, it seemed very flippant, but he ended up going to jail for three years and it seemed like a witch hunt, you know? Yeah. There was that childcare place in California where it ended up, it was all made up. But, but Theo, what you were talking about with your nephew, you can still play a huge role because I can attest to this, there's research showing your nephew right now, especially once he hits 15 or 16, he's more, he's more inclined to listen to you than his dad. Wow. So I noticed this. Yeah. Did you notice things? Yeah. Who were some people that Yeah, when you, because sometimes I do, I think about a vo, a voice that could be just like, dude, sometimes it was like, I remember a, one of my, my mom's boyfriends bought me and my brother tickets to go see a saints game.


Right. And we were so excited. It was like a big adventure for us, you know? So I, it is funny how little things that somebody shares with you or moments that they have. I remember there was a teacher that would sit outside with me and talk to me sometimes after class. That was huge to me. Yeah. It's, it's, it's amazing the effect that you can have, I guess, you know, that you don't realize. Who were some of those people for you? I was really lucky. I had, I played sports, so I had coaches, a couple of my mom's boyfriends, like I said, after they broke up, stay involved in my life. I had the stockbroker. And also, I'm a big fan of the Greek system at colleges. I joined a fraternity.


Yeah. And while people talk about everyone's gotta find their tribe, you gotta find your brothers or your sisters. You gotta shrink the world down to a small group of people. And for me, I, I don't think I would've graduated from UCLA had I not joined a fraternity. Hmm. I immediately got something called a big brother. I had roommates. We all kept tabs on each other. We all gave each other a tremendous amount of shit. But it was sort of like a guiding guidepost. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah. Oh dude, there's so much fun. Like, there's nothing better than, like, when you think about the times you were on a team of some sort, right? A Hundred percent. Did you Just like the feeling, you know, did you Play sports growing up? I did until I was like 11 years old. I didn't get, I didn't do much sports. I played a little bit of baseball, but it was like, the field was like uneven in our town, you know?


And so the fucking, every ball went to the same guy. you know, the Field, you know, field was uneven. Yeah. We had a bad field over there. And so all this dude, and I was, you Couldn't get the guy with the radical, the like the amazing fence to to, to give you the new shield. Yeah. That's not a bad idea, Rob. Yeah. But it might, it doesn't have to be sports, it can be band, it can be chess club, it can be church, but everyone's gotta find your tribe. Right. So that's, so now we're looking at some solutions to some of the things you're talking about for young people and even for mothers that have single that you know. 'cause a lot of times with moms, it's hard to find that space. Like how do I put my kid into a place that's gonna be safe? Or what's the type of thing to get 'em involved in, you know? Yeah. And yeah, I think that was one thing that was tough for my mom. She just didn't have as much time. I was fortunate I had a basketball coach that would gimme rides home from practice.


And so that changed a lot of things. 'cause then as long as I could get to practice and I could get home. So that was like an amazing role model that I had this guy coach Steve. That was really awesome. Yeah. I think and and, and then, yeah, you're right. Like how can I do that in my own community? Like what are ways that I could start to do that? But yeah. So creating a group for your kid, finding a group for your kid to be in. Well there's a lot of, and there's a lot of more systemic things we could do. So for example, yeah. I'm a big fan of vocational programming. Okay. In America we have this kind of zeitgeist that if your kid doesn't go to Dartmouth and end up at Google, then not only is the kid failed, but you failed as parents. And two thirds of our kids are gonna gonna end up with a college degree. 3% of LinkedIn profiles in the US say apprentice.


It's 11% in the UK and Germany. We need more of an apprentice culture and we need to stop shaming kind of trades jobs. Yeah. I think we should start boys. We should red them. We should start them a year later in kindergarten. 'cause they're literally biologically less mature than their female counterparts. Hmm. You don't notice this as much 'cause you don't have kids. But I have a 14-year-old. My 14-year-old just had a Halloween party. 15 boys, 15 girls. The boys are 14. A couple of the girls look like they could be the junior senator from Pennsylvania. Yeah. They look 35. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they act that way. They act that mature. They literally mature faster. I think if a college isn't growing, its freshman seats faster than population, it should lose its tax free status.


'cause it's no longer a public service. It's a hedge fund with classes. Mm. I'm a big fan of the idea of a mandatory national service. I've spent some time in Israel recently, despite the existential threats and the problems in Israel. There's less young adult depression in Israel than almost any western country. And I think it's because of national service. They're serving the agency of something bigger than themselves. They're outside. They're in great shape. They're learning how to handle weapons equipment. It's where they meet co-founders of businesses. It's where they make lifelong friends. It's where they meet potential mates. So I think mandatory national service would be huge for us. Many of you know that I used to have a job in my hometown and it was off the books.


I would clean the coins outta wishing wells for the city of Covington. Well, Acorns lets you start investing with the money you've got right now. Even if it's just spare change. Sounds like a match made in heaven, doesn't it? I know firsthand how much spare change can start stacking up.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start investing with the money you've got right now. I like that. That's right. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you. You don't need to be rich. Start with just $5 a day or even your spare change. That's it. When I look back in my life, the one, the most invaluable thing that I had is time. And if I'd have been investing small bits at certain moments, man, that would've built up quick. And here's the best part, sign up now and Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment. Thank you. Offer only available at Acorns A-C-O-R-N s.com/theo. That's Acorns dot com slash t to get your $20 bonus investment. Now paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns investing involves risk. Acorns Advisors, LLC at SEC registered investment advisor. View important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash theo.


For some, it's the most wonderful time of the year. And for others it's just another round of dodging questions about your love life while trying not to look like you just crawled out of a cave. Enter the performance package 5.0 Ultra by Manscaped to save your dignity this holiday season. Manscaped we'll be there. Don't be that family member who shows up solo and scruffy to yet another holiday gathering. Iron your shirt and trim your life. Get your winter overgrowth under control with the weed whacker 2.0 and the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra help you seal the deal this cuffing season. Join the over 11 million men worldwide who trust Manscaped. They help, I use them. That weed wacker 2.0. Ear and nose hair tremor. God mm. Clean me out. They do it. Get in there. Smooth trimming every time. Oh god. Ah, Get 20% off in free shipping with code theo at Manscaped dot com. That's 20% off in free shipping with the code THEO at Manscaped dot com. Stay on top of your grooming game and be ready for anything. The season throws your way.


It all, it feels a lot of times like there's an attack on being a man. A hundred percent. You know, you're like, if you feel like these days, if you almost, if you're a kid that's not bi, then you're not even gonna be welcome at school. No. There's, you know, And I don't know if that's true. I don't talk to kids. I, you know, I don't, I don't know that. But it's like, you know, you get this, this feeling sometimes like, I don't know. I dunno what I'm talking about. Well, to your point, did you have the Presidential Fitness awards when you were in Yeah, I got badge one. You got a number on. I got badge one, badge two. And I had a gross spurt. And I couldn't do the pull-ups and I trained for a year. Pull-ups and I got strong again. And now the, the awards were done away with.


'cause it was sauce, fat shaming. So, and if you walk down the halls of NYU, you're gonna see all these support groups for women. Yeah. you know, black women in consulting, golden seeds, women in venture capital. There were no support groups for men. Yeah. And I don't think men have a place in our political world. I think the far right is kind of telling men to be, quite frankly, a little bit coarse and cruel. It's toughness and strength gone a little bit overboard. But on the far left, their definition and their of masculinity and their advice to men is to be more like a woman. That doesn't work either. Yeah. So we need to re-embrace the notion. I mean, I I say jokingly. When Russian troops come pouring over the Ukrainian border, you want some of that big dick energy.


Oh yeah. And there's nothing wrong with being I physically strong. I think any man under the age of 30, our bone structure and that double twitch muscle with this amazing substance called testosterone poured over it is a fucking amazing thing. You're gonna look, look back on your physique right now and your strength. And you're gonna wish, and you kind of look this way, that you were a monster. Any man under the age of 30 should be able to walk into any room and know that if shit got real, they could either kill and eat everybody or outrun them. Yeah. And that is a wonderful feeling. It'll make you less prone to mental illness. It'll make you more attracted mates, less likely to be depressed. And you'll be that guy that breaks up fights at bars. Mm. Not that's insecure.


Right. This is strength re-embracing strength, Reem Embracing protection, Reem. Embracing initiating relationships. I forced my kids, I didn't do this anymore 'cause they've had enough of it. But when we left the house, I used to say, I'm not gonna let 'em back in unless they talk to a stranger. And it was easy for one of them. It was hard for the other. I'm like, just go up to 'em and pet their dog and say what kind of dog it is. Because your ability to initiate contact is key to finding a job. It's not easy to email strangers. Yeah. Or going to a strange interview. Your ability to express interest, romantic interest while making someone feel safe. Right. Demonstrating excellence. Where does a guy demonstrate excellence right now?


Doesn't go into work, doesn't go to church. Right. Isn't playing sports. Right. Isn't going to college. So where do men demonstrate a excellence and attach to relationships? But there is, there's, we talk a lot about misogyny. It's a huge problem. It has been for a long time. What we don't talk about is misandry. And that is there, what Is misandry? A Hate hate of men? There's generally, yeah. If you were to talk, have you ever heard the term toxic femininity? People don't use that term, but toxic masculinity, it's almost like it's one become one word. Oh. I feel there are places I feel embarrassed even be in. 'cause I feel like people look at me and think like, oh, this guy thinks he's some kind of man or something.


you know? And that happens to me. True. But that happens to me in New York City sometimes you feel that way here. Yep. There's certain places I'll walk in and just by the ambiance of like the people that work there or something, I'll think that, and I'm not saying that that's real, but, and it could just be perceived in my head, but I'll feel like I almost have to play down being a man or to, I'm gonna be like accepted in this space. you know? Or feel welcome here. Yeah, there's definitely. But there's definitely a a, and if you look at, if you look at the stats though, men are really struggling. Like, we don't have a male homeless problem. I'm sorry. We don't have a homeless problem. We have a male homeless problem. Yeah. We have an opiate problem.


But we really have a male opiate problem. Three outta four homeless, three outta four addicts are, are men. And if you had four out of five people killing themselves, they were in any one special interest group, we would do something about it. And there's a lack of empathy because of the 2000 year headstart we've had on women. There's a lack of empathy for Who had mended. Oh yeah. We, how, oh, come on. We, even when I grew up, Theo, when I came of professional age in the nineties, 98% at least of venture capital went to the 24% of the population that were white heterosexual males. Oh, okay. So men had that. I see what you're talking about. In until the last 30 years, men have had literally a 2000 year head start.


But because of my advantage, does that mean a 19-year-old male should be punished for it? Right. There just isn't a recognition that 19-year-old, a 19-year-old male with a single mother in Appalachia, he's got no advantage. As a matter of fact, he's kind of disadvantaged right now. Oh, Well there's an attack, there's certainly an attack on white males, it feels like. And then if you're white, you can't, there's, you can't be like, Hey, can we do a white help group? you know what I'm saying? Because suddenly you're racist if you, you know, there's definitely this like shaming of like being in white skin, you know? And it's like we're constantly doing that, like reliving the past or refocusing on the past and using it as a scope to aim at the present. you know? And it's not very fair.


And I definitely see it as a lot of people feel embarrassed to be white, you know? And that's a shame, you know, because you didn't choose to be white. And a lot of people, white people, we didn't have shit, dude. you know what I'm saying? Like, at least when I was growing up, I felt like if you were black people, like, like you at least had the like, well, I'm fucked because of society, you know? But if you were white, you're just like, people were like, you didn't even have an excuse. you know, if you weren't doing good, you'd be like, well, how'd you not do good? you know, you're like, I don't know. It's a nuanced conversation though, Theo, because Yeah, It's, I know it's nuanced. I'm, you know, I'm kind of generalized. I'm not trying to correlate anything. I'm just saying, yeah, you can't make a, Hey, white people need help also group.


But, but we're talking about the bias against males. Our education system, the business I'm in is highly biased against men or boys. 70 to 80% of primary school teachers are women. Who are they gonna naturally champion someone who reminds 'em of themselves? What are the behaviors we promote in school, be organized, be a pleaser, sit still. You're basically describing a girl. They're more per capita female fighter pilots than there are male kindergarten teachers. We don't need male kindergarten teachers, I don't think. Oh sure we do. Young men. You think so Young men need male role models, Right? I agree with that. Yeah. Yeah. I think we need a PE teacher with some short shorts. you know what I'm saying? Who's kind of, you know, who doesn't want to go home to his wife? But I don't know if we need, if I'd have walked into a kindergarten, you know, I mean, but I still keep in touch with a lot of my teachers.


I had a lot of affinity for them. Whether they were male or women. I did have male middle school teachers. I don't know, would I be alarmed if there was a male kindergarten teacher? But an example of that, the bias a boy is on a risk, on a behavior adjusted basis to be, is twice as likely to be su suspended. You have a girl and a boy two different times. Same infraction, cheating on the chemistry test. The boy is twice as likely to be suspended as the girl. A black boy is five times as likely to be suspended. So a lot of the issues we're talking about, self, self-harm, depression, lack of co lack of success in school is really difficult among young boys. And it's even more acute among non-white.


Now, when you get to college, the whole DEI thing, right? 60 years ago there were only 12 black people at Princeton, Harvard, and Yale combined. That was a problem. So giving them the advantage or a, a lift up with race-based affirmative action was the right thing to do. 60 years ago, right Now, this year, two thirds of Harvard's freshman class identifies as non-white. 70% of those people, however, come from dual parent upper income homes. So when you're letting in the daughter of a private equity, Taiwanese billionaire, that's not diversity. That's not helping anybody. Right? So what I would argue is we, affirmative action is a wonderful thing, but it should be based on color. But that color is green.


Right. And that, as a white kid from Appalachia deserves just as much. I'm a beneficiary of affirmative action. I got Pell Grants in 1994. Oh yeah, I got 'em. There you go. I think that's the way to go. Because the wonderful thing about America today, and we don't celebrate America's progress. Enough, young people wanna shit post it as if it, we've made no progress. We've made extraordinary progress. And as fucked up as we are, we're less fucked up than I believe any nation in the world. You would rather be born in America. And this is a good thing. You'd rather be born today. And the stats show this. You'd rather be born gay or non-white than poor. The people who need a hand up, the best way to identify who is most screwed and is gonna face the biggest obstacles and deserves the most additional resources and kind of unfair help is a poor kid.


We need to get out of identity politics. Yeah. And focus on economics. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good point, man. I don't know how, you know, I know we're looking at a lot at a, like a lot of the issues, it's like, how does, how do we like get into like solution and keep it kind of, and also like keep it positive? 'cause sometimes I'll get in this space where I'm just looking at the problems, right? So how do I start looking at the solutions to like, I mean, I guess you said like, you know, you can get involved in your community, you can try to take care of yourself as a young man, but then it just also feels like a ton of pressure on young men, you know? Yeah. But you feel that pressure, right? I mean you're here in New York, you gotta get guests, you gotta, you feel pressure.


I'm sure that's part Of it. Oh yeah. I definitely feel pressure. I guess I'm thinking like, as a young man, you know? Yep. Like how do you start to create masculinity If you were just a, a young, if you're, you know, say you're, you're 20 years old and you were raised by a single mother and you're out in college right now. How do you start to, I guess, define your world of, you know, staying feeling masculine and create more masculinity in your life? And maybe you've outlined some of those things already. you know, I think, I think again, it's come back. Masculinity is a social construct. We get to decide what it is. And by the way, okay, it's not sequestered to people just born as males. I, I, I used before my shoulders got all fucked up. I used to go to CrossFit. And I noticed over 20 years, more and more women showing up, some women demonstrate wonderful masculinity.


I'm drawn to men. My closest friends are more feminine, they're more caring. I have, I have male friends who kind of take care of me, right? So, but I think using those things as a code could be a great guidepost for young men, right? There's nothing wrong with wanting to make money. There's nothing wrong with wanting to be strong. There's nothing wrong with wanting to have sex and wanting to, to find romantic and sexual partners and using that as a guide. Why are women, for example, why are women drawn to men? What are they attracted to in reverse order? And there's research around this. Number three, kindness. They want a guy that's nice to his parents. They want a guy that treats strangers well. They want a guy that thinks about other people when even when they're not in front of 'em, that treats them well, even though they'll never see them again.


Number two is intellect. And this goes way back, anthropologically. The guy who makes good decisions for the tribe, the tribe's more likely to survive at some point. Typically throughout history, women are much more vulnerable because they give birth and they're much more physically vulnerable. So a woman wants a man who is smart and makes good decisions. By the way, the fastest way to communicate intellect is humor. Yeah. And my, I jokingly say my impression of a woman is, I'm laughing, I'm laughing, I'm naked. If you can make a woman laugh. Oh, Wow. If you can make a woman laugh. Yeah. Look at you. You're looking guilty. No, I'm thinking this. I'm laughing. I'm laughing. And then, oh, you're missing. you know, that's more 'cause it's like, I'll always won't close a deal, you know what I'm saying?


I'll literally be fucking, I don't see, I don't, I don't buy That for, I'll stand on the curb and I will not get in the Uber. Dude. I just, there's, I just I mean, I just, I get afraid. The other day I talked to some girl, right? I saw her at the fricking Whole Foods dude. She was getting, I thought it was spaghetti or something. I was like, oh, you like spaghetti? And, but I had looked at the wrong thing or whatever, and she was buying flowers, right? And she's like, what is this guy talking about? But I guess she thought it was cute or whatever. And so then I kept talk, and then I was like, oh, do you know if there's a hot bar around here? And she goes, it's on the other side. So I went, then I'm like, fuck, now I have to go to the other side away from her. Right? Then she comes over there and I'm like, this is it. you know? And then I just kept looking at her, and then she left.


you know? Yeah. But this, this is a good segue to the number one thing. Okay. And that is the ability to signal resources. Yeah. And it's not necessarily, you have to be a baller at that moment. Yeah. But you have to have a plan. Yeah. You have to be the guy that's disciplined. One of the reasons women are attracted to men who are in good shape is it shows you show up. It shows you have discipline. So if I could give you any advice in that specific situation, it would be, oh, hi. Are those flowers, by the way, I have one of the 10 biggest podcasts in the world, boss. That's how, anyways, but you get my meaning. Yeah. Three kindness to intellect and one your ability to signal resources. I see. Would you like to go to Holland where they have tulips year round? I could say that I'm leaving tomorrow.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And then I'm not, but still, you know, take her to holland.com. you know, I'm where you got that, But still. Yeah. That could be interesting. Yeah. I think there is that con but yeah, that confidence, it's a good point. you know, to signal that you just have confidence in yourself. That's really what the, that that is, you know, is just saying I have some confidence enough in myself. And sometimes I'll tr sometimes I will make the extra step, but it's just like, I have to just practice it more. And I have to realize that if that one girl says no, it's not that every girl's saying no, man, that this is just a, It's just huge point. A momentary, it's just a momentary challenge. What would you say to yo to mothers who have children, right? Single mothers who have children. How can they do that for their kids? you know, one thing I do that I will think is put your kid into a Brazilian jiujitsu class.


I think it's the best, it was the best place that I ever went. I trained for like, maybe a year and a half, right? Yeah. It was the first place I ever went. Where you would be wrestling one second, but then having an emotional conversation with somebody the next second. Because it was very, you, You and Lex Friedman, you're both real into jujitsu. He, he, he, now he's really, he's still doing it. Practicing, right? Yeah. I just kept getting hurt so bad, and it was affecting my ability to work. Yeah. Yeah. But it was like, you were like monkeys, you know? Like, you, you would like be battling against somebody, but even if you lost, they still cared about you. So there was this element of safety that you started to learn. Yeah. Right. And that felt like years of manhood and months that I was learning.


But you said something really important, and that is, like, I was asked, so I'm an entrepreneur, I've registered some success, and I got, oh, what's the secret to your success? I'm like, one was being smart enough to be born in America. There's just more opportunity. You'd rather be good in America than great in almost any other country. Wow. There, there really is. You have more agency here. If you work hard and you're a good person to, to, to be successful than any place in the world. And none of that was my fault. It was my parents' fault. They got on a ship, a steam ship in the sixties from Europe, take a huge risk, which paid huge benefit for me. I came a professional age in California where I got free education that was accessible, came of age in the internet. And when I was your age, I was like, all my success in my mind was because of my character and my grit.


And then as you get older, you realize a lot of your success isn't your fault. But if I've done one thing, well, it's what I call failure. And that is, I ran for sophomore, junior, and senior class presidents. I lost three times. And based on my track record, I decided to run for student body president. Where I went on to weight for it lose. I've started nine businesses, seven have failed. I can't tell you how many women in Whole Foods and other places and other retail establishments I've been rejected by. Yeah. But the reason I get to live the life I lead, the reason I'm with a very high character, attractive person is because I have always been able to endure, endure rejection.


And that is the key. That is the skill. 'cause one of the great things about America is we don't embrace failure. That's bullshit. But we tolerate it. If your business fails, but you're a good person, usually your investors will back you again. And if you approach a woman and express interest and she's not interested, you're both gonna be fine. Yeah. And show me a guy. Show me a guy. you know, we all know that guy. You think, okay, he's a nice guy. He's modestly successful. He's not that attractive. And he's with just such a high quality woman. Yeah. That guy is not afraid of rejection. That guy cycled through nine women who said, get the fuck away from me. Yeah. Before he found that one woman who gave him a chance to be funny kind.


She was drawn to his smell. She liked the way he treated his parents. The key to success in America is what Winston Churchill said. And that is the willingness to fail, or your ability to fail and not lose your sense of enthusiasm. Mm. And the one thing about juujitsu, about sports is quite frankly, it teaches you how to lose and show up the next day. Yeah. Right. So I think you gotta put your kids and mothers gotta put their sons in an environment where they, This is off and it's ringing. So that's the government. That's the government. I'm not even joking. It happens a lot. Go on you. Anyways. Your willingness or your ability. Resilience. Your ability, your ability to move through rejection without losing your sense of enthusiasm.


Yeah. It's funny, a lot of times when I would, if, if I felt rejection, it attached to some old feelings inside of myself that were of rejection. And that would be, it felt demoralizing at times. But I agree with you. Yeah. I've, we've seen those guys who are like, how did that guy do it? you know, how did he figure it out? you know, how was he able to just conti, you know, show up for himself in the face of rejection? But I bet rejection does get easier the more you start to swim in it. you know, You realize that I mean, here's the thing. So I know you're religious. I'm an atheist. I think at some point I'm gonna look into my kids' eyes and know our relationship is coming to an end. And it's empowering. It's an, it's one of the biggest unlocks in my life. Because I realize if I fuck up on this podcast and you don't think a lot of me, I'm bummed, but you're gonna be dead soon.


And so am I. It really doesn't matter. Everything we're worried about, we're, we're a group of mites on an unremarkable rock in one of a billion universes, in 10 billion galaxies. We're not even here for the blink of an eye. So why on earth wouldn't you squeeze as much lemon or juice out of this lemon as possible? Because the moment you think you've done something embarrassing, the moment you're worried about approaching that woman at Whole Foods, everyone who saw you, everyone you're worried about, she, they go on to thinking about themselves right away. And it doesn't matter. 'cause you're both gonna be dead soon. Yeah. I find that liberating. Why wouldn't you go up to someone and tell them you admire them?


And it's also an unlock for me emotionally. I started telling people I love them. I started telling people I care about them. I started when I was single, going up to people outside of my weight class and telling them I was interested in them romantically. Most of the time they'd say no. And guess what? We're both gonna be fine. 'cause we're both gonna be dead. Theo. It doesn't really matter. Yeah. So this ability to get back your embarrassment, get over your fear. For me, that sounds strange, but it comes from a recognition that I'm just not gonna be here that long. And either or they, it's this enormous unlock. 'cause if you think about what you said about I mean for God's sakes, you're like this baller. You're a handsome guy who's got a Top 10 podcast and you're intimidated by some woman at Whole Foods.


Can you imagine how most men feel? Yeah. So what you gotta do is, what I'm trying to do with my sons is I'm trying to encourage them to say, okay, get out. Talk to strangers, talk to strange women. Also, kind of a segue here. Try and modulate your use of porn such that at some point you become so fucking horny, you're willing to take those risks. Yeah. Now that's a let's, we can wait. We can definitely go there, brother. 'cause yeah, I, I think that was something that I, I got sidetracked with pornography for sure, man. you know, and, and I'll tell you why too, for pornography, for me it was, it was a relationship that I could manage. Right? It was the first kind of interaction with women. It felt like that I could manage this. It's, it's like, it's low risk.


It's low risk. It's a, it's, it's available when you needed to start and when you need it to stop. Right? It was like, that was something that was very manageable for me. But then over time, it starts, you realize that it kind of devalues women. It makes you think of sex like in just like still frames and instances. Right? Right. And, and you would see sex as individual scenes of things. I would have a date set up, then I would end up masturbating. And then I wouldn't even go on the date because I was like, well now I don't feel any fire inside of me. Lose your Mojo. Yeah. And that, and then you do that for a decade and you don't, your mojo is a ghost. But we were talking about school and society and, and a bias against men that that hurts men.


Right. And what I would say is that one of the biggest obstacles men face right now is the most talented, deepest resource companies in the world that attract the brightest minds and the most capital and have the best technology are all trying to do the same thing. They're all trying to give men the false impression. They have been a reasonable facsimile of life on a screen with an algorithm. You don't need friends with A facsimile. I'm sorry. They, they can have a fake life. They can have a life on a screen with an algorithm. Oh yeah. So you don't need friends. Having friends is hard. Remember making your posse of friends and in elementary and junior high trying to break into the right, the right pecking order of friends. It was high barriers of entry, but it was high barriers of exit.


Right. And you learned a lot together. And we used to take off, you know, I think parents overprotect their kids now. I used to le leave my mom's house at nine in the morning on a Saturday with a Schwinn bike and Abba Zba bar and 35 cents. And she wouldn't see me for 14 hours. But what are tech companies? What are the brightest companies in the world that are the most well resourced? You don't need friends. You got Reddit and Discord. You don't need to go through the humiliation of trying to get a job and buying a suit and showing up on time. Trade crypto, or stocks on Coinbase or Robinhood. You don't need to go through the humiliation, the rejection, the perseverance of trying to establish a romantic relationship. Going on dates, being funny, trying hard, enduring rejection, following up.


Why, why would you do that? You got U porn. And what we gotta tell men, what we gotta convince them of is, over the long term, nothing wonderful is gonna happen to you on a screen ever. And also, U porn is a distant second to your porn. I'm convinced I wouldn't have graduated from UCLA if I didn't think there was a reasonable probability that if I went to class and went on campus at U ucla meet a girl, I might meet someone. Yeah. That was my far And I, quite frankly, if I had you porn at home and I had these new AI girlfriends, I'm not sure I would've ever gone on campus. So this is what young men are facing. They're facing a low risk, low barrier of entry, reasonable facsimile of life, that over time they get depressed and lonely.


Because the reason romantic comedies are two hours and not 15 minutes is this shit is hard. Yeah. But here's the good news. It's worth it. It's absolutely worth It. Well, right now I think you have, like, even with like elections stuff like y Yeah. You're almost, people are trying to vote that back into, I think there's a little bit of like, well we need to get something masculine going on. you know? A hundred percent. Because it's definitely this world. It has a big lab on it, you know, and we need to, and that that's Fine. You say that, you say that like it's a bad Thing. No, I don't. Look, we're happy with a decent amount of labia, but we need to make sure it's, you know, Hey, are you Buying flowers? Oh, that's pasta.


But here's what I think, I think people are re are expecting the government to rescue them. That's what I mean with the vote, with some of the voting, right? We want the gov, but how much of that is us having to govern ourselves? And how much of that is, do we need some like changes in our actual like laws and stuff like that? Like what is realistic of, of one to expect? Well, I mean, Does that make sense? I've been thinking about the selection. Does that makes sense? Yeah, I do. But, but I've been thinking a lot about this election and I was vocal. I supported Harris. I was shocked. She got beaten and she got beat. She got destroyed. Yeah. She just got beaten. She got destroyed. She won seven of the, she lost seven of the seven swing states. As I looked at the data, I would describe this election as the testosterone election.


And what do you have? You have men doing more poorly. Men under the age of 30, doing more poorly than they have in a long time. And it all, all the election, all zeroes down to one piece of data for me. Or the results for the first time in our nation's history, for the first time in 275 years, a man or woman at the age of 30 isn't doing as well as his or her parents were at 30. That's never happened before. Okay. So let's say that, can you say that again a little bit slower, Scott, just so I can, we can really digest that a little bit. A man for The first time in our nation's history, a man or woman at 30 isn't doing as well as his or her parents. Were at 30. Wow. It's always been your kids are doing better than you on average. Right. And when that doesn't happen, you Start to feel like a failure as a child.


Especially in light to your parents For sure. Not only your self-esteem, but it creates rage and shame in the household. And who's doing really poorly under 30 men? The average 70-year-old is 72% wealthier than they were 40 years ago. The average person under the age of 40 is 24% less wealthy. Wow. And 210 times a day they get a notification on their phone reminding them that they're failing. 'cause it seems like everyone is at the Oman Hotel or flying in a Gulf Stream. Yeah, but I'm not, everyone's telling me that the economy's good. I keep hearing about crypto going to $80,000 stock market, hitting 71 highs in the last 12 months. All these things are true. But I'm living at home and I can't afford rent. Well, if I'm eat one more little coin pussy running around about this Bitcoin stuff, I'm gonna fucking eat my own nuts off my body.


That stuff, I lost $2,000 in it, like every one of my friends did about four years ago. And I didn't touch it since then. I was like, I'm a no coiner Too. This is a pyramid scheme it feels like to make I'm A no coiner. Yeah, you are. Yeah. I've never owned a coin. Well It just seems like it's like, oh, I can sit here and win this thing from home and that's easy money. And that's a more to part of the trap that you're saying is you can't sit here and win this thing from home probably. But when your kids aren't doing well, you're not interested in hearing about territorial sovereignty in Ukraine. You're not interested in talking about trans rights. Your kid isn't doing well. And when your kid isn't doing well, you don't want change. You don't want a Democrat. You, you not only don't want change, you want disruption, you want chaos.


Oh yeah. And you also, you want some of that, what I'll call male energy back And look at how Trump positioned himself. What did he do? Crypto embrace of cars and rockets. Elon, what medium did he go on? M-S-N-B-C and CNN. And Fox went To UFC fights And he went on podcasts. Your podcast. Now I wonder if that affected a lot. I don't know. Oh my gosh. Are you kidding? The UFCs, what did it people and the guy didn't fucking stop. People can say whatever they want. That's a 70 or 8-year-old dude who for four year, the guy, I don't know if he doesn't sleep, but the guy works hard. He got killed a couple times. He, he climbed back out of the, you know, the coffin or whatever.


He kept dying and getting up and go. He didn't stop. There's something at a certain point, I, you just have to be like, I'm not betting against that dude. you know, well, let, let's end. And he got Elon. People love Elon. He got, you know, va, he got, it's, I just feel like the parties have changed. I used to be feel like a Democrat. I don't even know what none, nothing really embodies me anymore. It feels like, I don't know. It's, it's all changed now it feels like. But look at, look at, let's just use some examples. M-S-N-B-C, which is considered like the left or the, a big political network average a million. Its most popular shows get a million viewers. you know what the average ages of M-S-N-B-C 70.


Wow. And it veers towards women podcasts. Joe Rogan's Crazy. Trump goes on. Joe Rogan. Yeah. 40 million views on YouTube. 15 million downloads. Average age 34. Yeah. 55 million, 34-year-old males versus 1 million 7-year-old women. And what do you know, lemme guess he was on your podcast, right? Yeah. Okay. He was on who? The boys, they call 'em the, what he, his strategy was, I'm gonna take the top 10 podcasts, right? Eight of them lean Right and Lean Male. I'm going on every one of 'em. I'm not going on CNN or Fox. I'm going, I'm flying into the testosterone storm. And the media of men right now is podcasting.


Yeah. It's where young men are going. Yeah. That's probably true. Yeah. I mean, I like watching podcasts and podcast clips and stuff like that more. But it's also, you look at Rogan used to be a Democrat. He's a leftist. I'm a Bernie fan. It's like these people fucking alienated my heroes in the Democratic party. It's gotten like, you know, it's very bizarre. I mean the pol the political part of it is very bizarre to me. But I do think there's a lot about what you're saying is like, yeah, a man wants to feel like it's okay to be a man. And you're like, sometimes you leave the house. Like, is it okay to be a man? Do I have to put my, do I have to check my dick at the door of this restaurant or whatever? Like, it's very, it feels like that sometimes, you know? And it's not how somebody should feel.


So yeah, I think it's, I think it's great that we're talking about this and that we're thinking about that stuff. you know? What do you think of the effects of like, social media are on young men? Oh, it's a disaster. There's my colleague at NYU, Jonathan Hy wrote this book called The Anxious Generation, Jonathan Hyde, Height. Jonathan Hyt, HIDT. Okay. Essentially there's a lot of peer-reviewed research, including research that just came outta Oxford showing that there's about a 60% increase in self-harm, eating disorders and anxiety for people who spend too much time on social media. Imagine, did you have social media when you were in school? No, dude, you had to yell at somebody. Right? But imagine the cafeteria Graffiti.


That was the only social media you had. Dude. Like graffiti, you know, Larry likes dudes. And he is like, well, who knows bro. But he never told you their last name, Larry. It was very, Larry likes dudes. And it would be like, but now even, even graffiti dude, especially like in Brooklyn, it's so, it's like, Larry likes dudes, but only if he's okay with it. I read that and I was like, that's not, what is it? It, everything's fucking confusing, dude. Nobody cared if Larry liked dudes or not. It was just the fact that somebody got to say it, you know? And then now it's like, only if he's cool with it. It's like, who's right? Anyway, what were you gonna Say? The bottom line of social media is bad. It's bad for teen girls and it's bad, really bad for young men. There's a direct, there's a linear correlation between anxiety eating disorders with young women, anxiety with men.


Because it's like you never get to leave the high school cafeteria. And it's especially hard on girls in high school because boys bully physically and verbally. Girls bully relationally and we put these nuclear weapons in their hands. They're actually a little bit, they can be a little bit meaner. And so, and, and then you take online dating, anytime you digitize a sector, it becomes a winner take most environment. So, Okay, say that one more time. Anytime you digitize a sector, like what does that mean? Anytime a sector becomes all about the internet. So retail used to be stores, it becomes online. Amazon now controls 50% of all e-commerce, right? Yeah. We used to go to the Encyclopedia Britannica, to the library to micro feature to different newspapers.


Now we go to Google. Google has 93% of search. Yeah. Social Facebook and Meta owns two thirds of all social media, online dating. Everyone has access to everyone. You think that's good? It's not because women all want the same dude. And if you have 50 men on Tinder and 50 women, 46 of the women will show all of their attention to just four men. Wow. So that leaves 46 men fighting over four women. And the reality is, those women can have sex with the top 10%, but they're usually not gonna have a relationship. And because that top 10% of men get 80 to 90% of the opportunities they can engage in what I refer to as Porsche polygamy.


And that is, it doesn't encourage long-term good behavior. It doesn't encourage them to settle down. Whereas when we were kids, you went to your church, your temple, your high school, and you kind of figured out your weight class. There were eight single women at your temple, eight single men. And you sort of pair it off. Yeah. And men had an opportunity to demonstrate excellence at some point. If you talk to married couples that have been together longer than 30 years, 75% of them say one was much more interested in the other. And was always the men man who was much more interested. But over time she saw that he was kind. Wow. She worked with him. He was good at what he did. So where do men demonstrate excellence now? And then a man goes online here, check out this stat on Tinder. A man of attract average attractiveness has to swipe right 200 times to get one swipe back for one coffee.


Mm. And then four of five of those coffees will ghost him. Her screen will come up again and she'll decide not to show up for a coffee. So a guy of average attractiveness on a dating app has to swipe right a thousand times to get a coffee. So he feels rejected by women. He becomes much more prone to misogynistic content online. Yeah. Prone to conspiracy theory. Less likely to believe in climate change. And He's hopped up on caffeine too. 'cause he's been fucking sitting there sipping by himself, you know? And some, he becomes a shitty citizen. So social media and online dating have been really bad for young men and women. I think online dating has been especially rough on men. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like to be online dating.


I haven't been on, I'm like seven years off of it. Ryan won't let me on there because I told an awesome joke on Twitter that they got offended by. I guess so. Fuck them. Anyway, dude. But I also, I didn't want somebody to be able to say no to me when I wasn't there in person. That's how it felt to me. Right. I just didn't wanna give somebody that pleasure that they could say no. And even though it's not a real, no, it, you know, it's all very hypothetical. But I just didn't want to allow somebody to have that. But then also by not doing that, it's, it is harder. You have to meet people in real time, in real life, you know? Yeah. And so it is more of a challenge, but it's also, you know, it is, I guess you just feeling like you're not getting rejected.


When I started podcasting and online store, the furthest thing from my mind, the last thing I was thinking about other stuff, hot air balloons and making love and different stuff like that. And mostly women and other stuff. That's good desserts. Now we have an online store and we're selling different things. In fact, we just put a couple new items in there. And it's so easy. All because I use Shopify, that's who helps me. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the, did we just hit a half a million orders stage. Hmm. Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or or dang raccoon fur hats or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash THEO, all lowercase. Just go to Shopify dot com slash theo now to grow your business. No matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash th.


Our next sponsor needs no introduction. 'cause you know I've talked about them a million times. And if you really want to feel 'em, if you really want to get that cane going for you and help you run up off that limp baby Blue Chew. That's right. Put that Viking in your striking daddy. Ha. This isn't your grandpa's blue pill. This is the one, the OG chewable tablet for better sex. Blue Chew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Sali, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost. And in chewable form. Does it work? Yep. Do you think you need it? Talk to them. You can try it free also for a month and see, you're gonna love it. I like it. Boom. Blue Chew. Once the entire country rock hard, they told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. Till every tent is pitched, till every rod is raised. Discover your options at Blue Chew dot com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try Blue Chew free when you use our promo code THEO at checkout. just pay $5 shipping. That's it. That's B-L-U-E-C-H-E w.com. Promo code Theo, to receive your first month free visit Blue Chew dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


How do we prevent moms from just having to raise these young men by themselves? Like what, what, what would you say to a young couple that's starting out? If the male is listening or the female to help give them the best chance to stay together, which would seem like would help affect other positive things along the way. So again, we, we have a tendency in our society to assume that all divorce is the man's fault. That the man is either a predator or not a good person. And the woman has no agency and she's the victim. And the reality is, 70% of divorce filings are filed by women. And the majority of those divorce filings, if you look at why the woman has filed for divorce, it's not infidelity. It's not a lack of shared values.


It's the man has something happens that makes him less economically viable. Hmm. A mental breakdown. A loss of a business, a bankruptcy. Women still look at men primarily as being providers. And once a man, a man going through divorce. So young men are four times as likely to kill themselves. God, a man two years after divorce is eight times as likely. He no longer serves a role in his church. He no longer serves a role in his primary relationship. No purpose. He might lose his kids. Yeah. One out of three men have no contact with their children after six years. So he has literally no role after Six years of a divorce. You mean After six years of divorce, one outta three men has absolutely no contact way with their children. No way. Yeah. Oh man.


That's heartbreaking. Well, it's hard when you're not around a lot. So what I would suggest is that one, I think we need to level up young people economically. And I don't think you can just target men for economic programs. I think it's too political. But I think we need to restore the child tax credit. I think we need a massive program to build more housing. I think we should have a national nuclear energy project similar to what Truman did in the fifties with the National Highway Act. That'll create eight hundreds of thousands of good, millions of good paying jobs for young men. So what do you mean? Talking about like, like, like Space Mountain going everywhere. Like what do you mean? Like, you mean like a train system? No, nucle. So if you look at what's happening in our economy with AI and some of the innovations around digital, the choke point of the friction is energy.


We're not gonna have enough energy. We're not gonna, So fuck, nuclear energy is, in my opinion, the cleanest form of energy. Okay? And we're gonna need a massive number of nuclear power plants built. Those are good jobs. Or the National Infrastructure Act, 70% of those jobs are for young men. That's a good thing in some, lemme back up. Biggest innovation in history is not the microchip or the smartphone, it's the American middle class. And the way the American middle class happened, it's, it's an accident. It's not normal throughout history to have a middle class. The way the American middle class formed in America was, we had 7 million men returned from World War ii and they had demonstrated excellence in uniform. They were in good shape, they were strong, they had demonstrated real heroism.


And then Truman put in place a variety of programs that leveled them up economically. Right? The GI build FHA or subsidized Home Loans, national Transportation Act. He created millions and millions of men who quite frankly were really solid citizens who were attracted to women. There was huge household formations. And it gave rise to the baby boom. And this created a number, millions of American households that thought, I want to give other people this opportunity. I wanna bring women into this opportunity. I wanna bring non-whites into this opportunity. Eventually I wanna bring gay people in this opportunity. It created a more loving, generous, what I'll call liberal society. We have to feed the middle class. And the part that's failing the middle class right now is young men.


So the question is, how do we level up young men, quite frankly, economically. And I think it's a variety of programs, national service, more job programs, more apprenticeship. What Does national service mean? Two year mandatory national service to get outta high school. Oh, I see what you're saying. You serve Either in the armed services, maybe you go into senior care, maybe you help the, for, you know, whatever it might be. Right? It could be like digging dam or you know, put installing, like stuff like that. Fighting fires, whatever it might be. Helping seniors. Wow. 'cause then first of all, you're gonna feel a attraction to your own country. You're gonna feel like you com contributed. And once you feel like you contributed something, it means something to you. It's like whenever you used to, you know, your dad would drive you through the neighborhood or your grandfather and he'd be like, I built that house or I painted that.


Or you know, I used to, you know, eat sandwiches over there or something. It just makes you feel connected to an area. Right? But rather than you and me seeing each other, you go, okay, Scott's a a a libtard. And I go, oh, this is a Republican pretending to be an independent. We just say we're Americans. Yeah. The greatest legislation in history or at, at least in America in the fifties and sixties, and the reason we had such a productive Congress and they got along was 'cause they served in the same uniform. Mm. They weren't blue or red, they were Americans. Right? Yeah. You go through those graves cemeteries, you go through 'em and it's all, it's different ethnicities, different religions different. There's No red or blue. Yeah. It doesn't say Democrat or Republican. So a massive leveling up economically of young people.


I'd like to do what Portugal did. Portugal has said, we're turning into this retirement place where hedge fund managers and the brightest young people in Portugal have one thing in common. They leave. So you know what they've done, Theo? They've decided no taxes age 20 to 30. And it actually doesn't cost 'em that much. 'cause most people age 20 to 30 aren't Making much money. Don't make much money. Right. It's beyond that. You make your money. We need 40% of our budget goes to seniors, which leaves less money for education programs investment in RD, which are more productive investments. We have a political system where old people keep voting and more old people who vote themselves more money. Right? The $120 billion cost of living adjustment increase for social security flies right through the $40 billion tax credit to help young families.


That gets stripped out of the inflation reduction act. We need to massively economically lift up young people, which will disproportionately benefit young men who have fallen further faster and quite frankly make them more attractive. And people are gonna start having kids again. 40 years ago, 60% of 30 year olds had a kid. Now it's 27%. The average age of a home buyer this year is 54. 40 years ago was 36. Do people, are people not buying homes and not having kids because they don't want 'em? No, they can't afford 'em. And guess what? When a guy shows up and says, I am not economically viable, you are not gonna be able to buy a home with me. I'm not gonna be able to protect you. The woman doesn't want to pair with this guy.


Yeah. We need a massive lift up of young people and everything we do is nothing but a thinly veiled transfer of wealth from your generation to mine. Covid $6 trillion in stimulus. 85% of it wasn't needed. 85% of it wasn't spent. So where'd it go? It went into the stock market. Stock market hits all time highs. Housing prices have gone from two 90 average house pre Covid to four 10. That's great for me. I own stocks and I own homes. Ed, my co-host at Prop G markets, he doesn't own homes or stocks yet. So what's gonna happen? We're, we're not, we're spending it all on his credit card. We're running up these massive deficits, which he will have to pay back.


So I get the champagne and cocaine with his credit card. Right. We need to stop this crazy deficit spending that both. The only thing that that passes is bipartisan behavior right now is reckless spending. We need economic responsibility and we need to transfer wealth back from the incumbents to the entrance and level up young people, which will disproportionately benefit the group that has fallen furthest, fastest. And as young men, we need to make young men more economically viable against such that they can form households. Yeah, yeah. And it's, yeah, it's like, yeah, almost. If you're a young man these days, you just wanna just hide sometimes I think, you know, and it's not even their own fault. That's one thing I wanna say. Like some of it is the society that we're in isn't really doing its best to support you.


Is that okay to say that? Oh, a a hundred percent. One in three. Okay. Because yeah, I just want, I don't want young men to hear this and feel like I'm a loser. Young men have it. I mean on one level. People have more agency in our nation than they, than they've had in a long time. But young men, there's definitely in our society a bias against 'em. If you go to the Democratic National Committee's website, there's a section that says who we serve. They actually spell out, we're the Democratic Party. This is who we serve. And it lists 16 demographic groups from Asians and Pacific Islanders to black Americans, veterans, the disabled immigrants. I added it up.


It's 76% of the population. So when you're purposefully advantaging 76% of the VE population, you're not advantaging them, you're discriminating against the 24%. Hmm. And who are the 24% that aren't mentioned young men? The Democratic National Convention was a parade of every special interest group. But they never once mentioned the group that has fallen furthest, fastest, and quite frankly in my view, needs the most help right now. And that is young men. So we need a more productive conversation that looks at the stats four times as likely to kill themselves, three times as likely to be addicted, 12 times as likely to be incarcerated. If that was happening to any other special interest group, It would be through the roof. Insane.


We'd Be weighing in with programs with empathy. And here's the thing, empathy is not a zero sum game. Gay marriage didn't hurt. What does zero sum game mean? Well, there's a, there's a feel when I talk about young men, people go to, well that's gonna hurt women. No, it's not you. you know who wants more economically and emotionally viable men? Women. Women. Yep. Women. God, civil rights didn't hurt white people. No Gay marriage, in my opinion, didn't hurt heteronormative. It didn't get in the way of me marrying a woman. And having empathy for men isn't gonna hurt women. We can't, women are not, women in the United States are not gonna flourish if men are flailing. Yeah. And they are.


And because it's men and because of the privilege I recognized there's a lack of empathy for them. And quite frankly, because some, I would argue fairly unproductive voices entered that void about five, 10 years ago. A lot of people had sort of a gag reflex when you started talking about men. And you know, who's leading the charge around this topic right now, who I get the most emails from mothers. And it goes something like this. I have three kids, two daughters, one son, one daughter is in Chicago and pr the other's in graduate school of Penn. And my son is in the basement vaping and playing video games. And if you look at the election, the two groups that swung most viciously away from blue towards Trump were two groups.


People under the age of 30 young people aren't doing well. And the second group in the most surprising 45 to 64-year-old women are, put another way. Moms, mothers. Yeah. So this was, in my opinion, the kids are, are not all right or kind of the testosterone election. And that is, if your kids aren't doing well, you wanna blow everything up all you want. You don't just want change, you want chaos. And one guy was the chaos candidate. Yeah. Well I think also though, one great thing that Trump did was when he brought RFK Junior in, 'cause RFK Junior was also a very, was a rogue, remember people were like, this guy is like a crazy guy or whatever.


Like he's eating, you know, he's, you know, he didn't believe in va, you know, they, he just got so labeled by the media. And so I think bringing him in was a great point. A great Idea. Yeah. I I I agree with you that he's crazy. Yeah, You Do. He's batshit crazy. Oh, he is a great guy, man. Oh Dude, He's a great guy. Gimme, I don't know if you're holding vaccines, but let's shoot up. No, no, no. There's nothing I love more than being high than not being sick. Vaccines are the best thing to happen in modern society. I, I don't disagree that they are, I just think that they just need to make sure that they are, He's great on the environment. I'll do that efficacy. I think he's great on the environment. Yeah, That's fair. We don't have to agree on it. Why do you, so let's talk, I know you're a professor here at, here at N NYU U.


Yeah. And why do you talk about, I've heard you talk about advising your students not to follow their passion, but to follow their talent. Is that right? Yeah. Okay. I think anyone who tells you to follow your passion is already rich. I think this is your job. I think your job is to find what you're really good at. Okay. Because I think a lot of times young men mistake their talent for their hobbies or mistake their hobbies for their passion. Okay. They mistake their hobbies for their passion. I wanted to be a football player when I was 17 and I wanted to be a pediatrician. I mean, what I found was I was really good at analytics and very few boys grew up thinking I'm really good with data. And so the majority of the passion fields are really shitty industries.


'cause there's too many people going into them. There's 180,000 people in the SAG after union, which is the union representing actors. 83% of them last year didn't qualify for health insurance. 'cause they didn't make over $23,000. They're not even making any movies anymore. Try and be a dj. Do you know what percentage of high school basketball players may get into the NBA I mean? It's insane. I Don't know. Yeah. The very few, The more romantic or sexy in industry is the lower the ROI on your effort, this is your job. Find something you're good at instinctively you have a a, an affinity for that. You could someday maybe in the top 10% or the top 1%. And here's the key part that has a 90 plus percent employment rate.


Because if you're good, I'm renovating a house right now and this guy comes in and he's the soapstone guy. He knows more about soapstone than anyone. He's this Iraqi immigrant and he got really into it and he was very open with me. He makes 1.8 million pounds a year. He clears 800,000 pounds a year. Right. I don't think he grew up as a child thinking I'm gonna be the soapstone guy in Marla Bone London. Yeah. That no one grows up thinking I want to be the best tax attorney in the world. The best tax attorneys fly private and have a larger selection set of mates and they deserve, and the guy telling you at NYU to follow your passion made his billions in iron ore smelting. Right? Yeah. The, the the boring industries, the boring shit is where you can make a great deal of money.


Yeah. Be a DJ on weekends, Be a welder during the week. That's right. Find a job that you're good at, you become great at. That's got a 90 plus percent employment rate. If you're just good in that industry, you're gonna make, and this is what happens. What does it mean the 90 plus before you? I just wanna make sure that that's clear. That has a 90%. What are you saying that part Employment rate. And what does that mean when you say that? Just Tax law. Anyone who with a degree in, in law tax. Oh, you're, you're gonna get a job in a 90% chance. That's what you're saying. Employment rate. Okay. Got it. Employment rate and basketball. DJ art modeling, sports owning a club, a restaurant. I would bet the unemployment rate is 90%. Yeah. Because there's too many people pursuing too few jobs. Right. So I don't wanna crush your dreams.


If you want to be a dj, you want to be the next Lionel mess. Just make sure you're getting bright signals very early that you're in the top 1%, which is where you're gonna need to be. Right. Because, because otherwise at a certain point you have to play to the odds. Well this is what you become passionate about. You're gonna see this as you get older. You become passionate about taking care of your kids. You become passionate about taking care of your parents. You become passionate about going to the hotel Dekal or going to F1 in Austin. I went to Wimbledon for the first time. Oh Yeah. And I'd rather be Roger Federer than me. I'd rather be named all than me, but I'd rather be me than the number five seed in the world. Yeah. Who's that? I have no idea. Right. That's what I'm Saying. And all I know is the number five seed is in the 0.0001%.


All I need to be is in the top 10% of my field and I can buy my way into Wimbledon. Right. So find something you're great at and if you're great at it and you can make money at it, you're gonna have a great relationship with your wife and your kids. You're gonna be able, we live in a capitalist society. Right. And that's not gonna change. Right? A hundred percent. No. The key America becomes more like itself every day. And that is, is a loving, generous place. If you have money, it's a rapacious violent place if you don't have money. And I'm not saying that's that's the way it should be, but that is the way it is. So your job as a young person, what could I be great at that pays that has a 90 plus percent employment rate?


And this is where passion comes from. The accoutrements, the comradery, the economic relevance, the status of being great at something where you're making good money that will make you passionate about that thing. Mastery Artisanship, being a ninja like warrior in anything will make you passionate about that thing, regardless of how boring it may sound when you're nine years old. Hmm. Yeah. It's funny. The better I've become at some things, the more I like them. Is that what you're saying? A hundred percent. Yeah. That's cool man. What I've heard, you're also talking about the four horsemen, right? Yeah. And like the, a lot of the dangerous collaboration of media, right?


Yeah. And like with Apple, Amazon, Google. Yep. And Facebook. Yep. Or meta Fair enough. Very good. And you've been a part of like antitrust, ac activation towards them. What's the Term? I think they should be broken up. I think they're too Powerful. Me too. Yeah, it's very dangerous. Right? Well, we don't have any choice. I, if you're gonna, if you're a parent and your kid is on social media, you don't have any choice. The kid doesn't have any choice. It's gonna be on a meta a platform. Right. And these companies are so powerful that they're able to, and they make so much money that they're able to kind of weaponize government. We've had 40 congressional hearings talking about child safety. We've had zero laws passed. Yeah. And I think competition as a whole is a great way of bringing down costs.


I think the best way to handle inflation is competition. And you have one company with 93% share of search Google, 66% share of social meta, 50% share of e-commerce. Two companies control 93% of AI ims and the GPUs, that's open AI and Nvidia. So there's already monopolies forming in ai And I, yeah, it's unbelievable. Here's what Australia wants to ban kids. I saw this other day on 16th from social media is world government seats a crack down on the addictive apps. I think that that's a great idea. I don't think that kids, so, and also, especially if kids aren't gonna be protected, like did you see that moment where they had Zuckerberg with all the parents of children who were killed by adults on Facebook and they were allowed to contact them?


Yeah. Like why should an adult be allowed to contact a child? You should easily, if you have all the data, you should easily know this is a child and this is an adult. There's no reason for them to contact each other without going through the parent. There's No reason anyone under the age of 14 should have a smartphone. I mean, I've said this, I think Cinder Phai and Tim Cook are basically crack dealers outside of junior high school. No one under the age of 14 should be on a smartphone. Could you have at 14 handled a casino, a betting, you know, a, a IMAX theater, a a porn site in your pocket? No, all Day long. I could handle it at 34, 37. Right. So and then, no, I don't think anyone should be on a social media app under the age of 16.


And parents are stepping in. And a lot of this again, is 'cause of the inspiration of my colleague Jonathan Hyde. But entire countries are banning phones and social media. There's just, there's so much evidence around the mental, think about what a place of perversion Instagram begins with. It encourages 15-year-old girls to pose provocatively and sexualize themselves such that their peers and strange men around the world can evaluate and contact them. Imagine, imagine there was a park and there were 15-year-old girls and they said to the park, we'd really like it if you showed up and halt tube tops and miniskirts.


And then your peers get to sit around you and comment out loud and strange. Men from anywhere can come and comment and then contact you. Would we allow that? Not a chance. That's Instagram. Why Do we allow that then? Like, is it, do we expect our government to save us? Or who's or do we have to save ourselves? Well, I think at, at, at the end of the day, I think it's our fault. We haven't voted in. The people who understand these technologies are willing to stand up to these companies. They're very savvy. They spend a lot of money on lobbying. And I also think in the back ri, they're probably doing deals around national security to help us kind of hunt down the bad guys. I think it's a nuanced argument, but at the end of the day, our government has really let us down.


When we look back, Theo, on this era around big tech, I think we're gonna regret the concentration of power, the monopoly power, the weapons weaponization of some of our elections, some of the misinformation that's come out the, more than anything, we'll look back on this era and think how did we let this happen to our kids? We tell our we don't have kids. I should know better. My son developed device addiction. My kid hides in the bathroom so he can be on TikTok. Yeah. I don't know what he's on, on TikTok. There's been some instances of bullying both him being bullied and bullying others. And I think we've probably not as bad as some households. This is literally, there is no addiction in America.


24%, two thirds of teens are on social media. 24% qualify as addicts. Can you imagine any we age gate pornography, the military, motorcycles, weapons, but we don't age gate, social media and 20 what other substance, what other company can get away with getting two thirds of kids on that substance and then having a quarter of them be identified clinically as addicts. We wouldn't put up, we wouldn't and haven't put up with it anywhere else. But these guys are so smart, have so many lobby. There are more full-time lobbyists Than there are representatives and senators. And senators That's just at, at Amazon. Amazon has more full-time paid lobbyists living in DC than there are sitting US senators.


We've been overrun, our government's been overrun by money and we haven't been able to vote in people that are able to stand up and pass laws. This shit is difficult and complicated. And these companies have taken advantage of also. They have the propaganda to turn up the dials 'cause they own the, they own the, the information that's going out. They can manage it. Hundred percent. God, God, I don't even know if I can fucking get outta this room today. Let's go To Whole Foods. Right before you leave, you said one of the biggest choices is the person that you'll marry. I've heard you say that. Have kids with I have kids with a hundred percent. Yeah. And that goes back to a willingness to endure rejection such that you can find someone who's really high character that you're attracted to.


I have, I have friends who on exterior metrics are really successful, smart, talented ballers, professionally a lot of money, but they don't really have a partner. And I find that their life has an unnecessary amount of stress and disappointment in it. Yeah. And at the same time I have a lot of other friends who are not as economically successful, but they have a real partner and everything burns a little bit brighter. And I, I, I hope, oh, I, I hope I'm around. But I hope we have the chance in 10 or 20 years. I'm confident you're gonna find someone to have kids. All of this right? Podcast, ai, social media, GDP growth, Trump, it's all bullshit.


It's all a means. The ends, the whole shooting match is finding someone you care about and having kids. I, that's what I found. I didn't want to have kids. I didn't want to get married. So You did. So that actually disproved what your original thoughts and feelings were. I Got it wrong. And you can't, no one who doesn't have kids can fully understand it. And by the way, I wanna be clear, there are other ways to find and receive love. I don't think you have to have kids to be happy. Yeah. What I can tell you is that the majority of people I know who've had kids who've said it's a tremendous amount of stress, but it's the first time in my life I felt like I had real purpose and real meaning. And that's what our economy is supposed to do. It's supposed to give young people, specifically more young men right now, the opportunity to engage in loving, supportive relationships and have kids.


That's the whole shooting match. Everything else is the means. That's the ends. The G Prof podcast at your Close Prof, g the pro. Sorry. I like that better. That sounds like a new Mercedes vehicle. The G prof wagon. There we go. We got it. Co-branded, by the way, hash hashtag prof. G The Prof G podcast. That's yours, Scott. Yeah. Thanks for coming and just thinking with this man and yeah, we don't wanna look down on young men. We don't want to do that. We're just looking at stuff because part of it is to yet let young men know, and men know that like some of the system that we're in, in the environment that we're in is not set up to help us.


So don't feel like ashamed of yourself. Yeah, right. That's something I don't wanna push that at all. At, at 24, I was limb with my mother. No economic pro prospects, no romantic prospects. I was broke at 34, then I was broke again at 42. And the first thing, that first emotion I felt when my oldest son had the poor judgment to come marching outta my girlfriend, it was 2008. Great financial recession. I'd lost. Everything was, I felt shame and humiliation. Forgive yourself. Forgive yourself. Everyone's been there, right? If you're not doing well, be a good person. Get in good shape. Start making some money. Even if it's just a little bit of money, right?


The way to make a lot of money is to start making a little and get a taste for flesh. Be out of the house every day. Be in the company, the agency of others, right? Yeah. And, and work your ass off and try and show, like, show up. Get the easy stuff right. Develop a savings muscle. See if you can save some money. And don't be afraid to approach strange women. The ability to make a woman feel safe while expressing romantic interest is not only the key to being, finding a great partner. Those same skills are gonna serve you really well and work. There's nothing wrong with that. You are a protector, you're a provider, and you're procreator. Let's go, dude. I'm, dude. How fuck I'm gonna approach. Let's go to Whole Foods. No, I'm gonna go, where is she?


Oh, I'm gonna approach so many strange women this year. Next year. Dude, That's a little scary. It's, It's strange. Women. 25 maybe. There you go. Scott. Galloway. Thank you, man. Thanks for thanking with me. Thanks for being somebody that I find inspiring and educational and also able to be earnest about themselves and their own journey. I, I just appreciate that, man. Thanks man. Congrats on your success. You're a nice role model for young men. You really do. You bring a different vibe. I think it's important. Yeah. Thanks, dude. I don't, I don't know if I feel like a role model, but it's nice you to say I, I definitely feel like a young man though, so I feel like I'm, you know, we're, we're gonna keep going. Yeah. It goes fast. Trust me, you're younger than everybody.


And one day you'll show up and you'll be the oldest person in the room. It's really weird. Time goes fast. You enjoy, you're, you're really, you're really grabbing life by the balls and squeezing right, right now. So congratulations. Well, I work really hard. That's one thing I do, do you know, I know that I, I have learned that, you know, I learned that like just from my mom. You just, if you Yeah. That you can do that, you know, that's in my control, you know? A hundred percent. And the rest of the stuff we'll figure out along the way. Nice. And thank you for being here today and helping us think of and learn about some of it. Thank you. And welcome to New York. Thank you, Brother. Now I just on feel like these leaves I must be, when I reach that I'll, this.