
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one, Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every Moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Today's guest is one of the biggest content creators in the world. He's an entrepreneur, a YouTube guru, and he has created more energy and excitement into the world of giving back than possibly anyone. He has a new show called Beast Games where a record breaking 1000 people compete for the largest prize in entertainment history. $5 million. Grateful to finally catch up with the one and only MrBeast.


So is this, is it already started? We going? Yeah. We'll start right now, man. Let's do it. MrBeast Jimmy, nice to see you today. Likewise, bro. That's awesome, man. So Beast Games, that's the show. Yeah. So before this, we were a showing on episode one of a show I have coming out December 19th. What'd you think of it? Well, you watched it and then he started talking and his team was like, hit the camera was like, wait, wait, wait. Yeah. And now I'm dying to know. What'd you think? Oh, I thought a lot of things, man. First of all, I thought that you are, obviously you're this Wizard of Oz, Willy Wonka, kind of William Wallace of finances type of energy going on. Okay. You know, there's a lot of that. A lot. Like I've never seen a show where every, I mean a couple minutes, there's a, there's like another twist of possibility, right?


Yeah. I kind of realized how many game shows are missing. So many little elements in there where they could manipulate the situation more or create more of an environment for like competitors in the game to make choices that would affect them and others, you know? Yeah. And Like basically having layers and stuff like that. But yeah, the, the big thing is no one's ever set up like that many cameras before. 'cause it's a logistical nightmare. So it's hard to do these kinds of things normally unscripted because like, you know, we, we had unfathomable amounts of footage, like over a hundred years of footage from that episode. So A hundred years of footage. Yeah. Because I mean, we Had Hadda have over a hundred people work on it in post. So it's like, to be able to do something at that scale, even just like to set up the cameras and edit and everything is, I mean, no one's ever done it before.


It's diabolical almost. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You said there's a lot of world records that were broken in the, in the shooting of the, of this series. Yeah. 40 Guinness World Records. Wow. Yeah. Oh, we have like so many plaques now that we have up on our wall. I'm basically making a wall out of Guinness plaques. Just from the show. What, what are some of the records you guys broke? Most contestants ever in a show, largest cash prize in a show. Most cameras recording at once in a show. Most people. Which you saw? Yeah. In a show like Most Money given away in the first episode of a show. Just like stuff like that. Yeah. Oh, that's the most people. Probably since nine 11, I would think at once. Oh my gosh. We might have to take that out.


Yeah. And that, I shouldn't have said that. I'll say something else. Yeah. I haven't seen that many people at the same time. Wait, Why was there a cut before you say what you're saying right now? Huh? There's just, we needed something to, He Had Hadda use the bathroom. Yeah, yeah. Just Had Hadda use the Yeah, I had already, I'd already soiled the conversation. Oh. That's the most people at once that I'd seen since, oh. Since I was in the parking lot of a widespread panic concert, you know? But that was LSD. That kind of works a little. Yeah, I think that's, honestly, you should keep the first one. There we go. Dude, You said it on me. That's a great point. You make the choices man. Yeah. Do you feel like this wizard, like, 'cause I, I'm, as I'm watching, I'm like, man, there's so many things.


I'm like, how, where does the motivation come from? Is it too, like, do you get so much joy out of like having the manipulation of the situation? Is it giving away the money? Is it, 'cause there's so many moments in there where I'm like watching people's feelings change. Like Yeah. What is it for you that like, or have you been able to figure out? 'cause you've done so many of these Yeah. Types of competitions and opportunities for people, right? Yeah. I mean this, the thing is you, I feel like I am motivated by a lot of things and, and these kinds of game shows. It's fun to like create environments that I've never been created for and, and just like almost just see kind of what people do. Like a lot of that is just like mass behavioral psychology. Like if you offer someone money to eliminate other people, how much money would it take?


You know? So it's kind of a little bit of that, but it's also, I just like making great content and like I like do, you know, making things you can't find anywhere else. 'cause it's just fun to like see how the world reacts to it. Yeah. You know? And so in this instance, or in a lot of what we do, like we, one time we put, we just put a big circle on the ground. We put a hundred people in it and we just, were like, whoever leaves Alaska gets half a million dollars. And then it's just like, how long does it take? Who's gonna leave? Like, those are the kinds of things I like personally am just curious on like what the fuck's gonna happen, you know? Yeah. What's like one thing you've learned then about people's psychology? Have you learned or does it change a lot? Like are you learned, like are there some general rules you've learned that people will like, behave around money or that sort of thing?


Oh yeah. That's a interesting question. That's, I honestly, I feel like people are a lot nicer than you would think. Like they're not as, they don't tend, and maybe it's because when we do it, they know the video is gonna be seen by a hundred million people. So they're, they're thinking of their personal image. Ah. But a lot of times I have given people the opportunity to like screw other people over for some money. And usually they don't take it or they like push, like it requires way more money than you would think. You know? Like someone who'd theoretically be making $30,000 a year and you'd offer 'em 10 grand, but it means this other person gets eliminated or gets, you know, punished in the challenge. And a lot of times, like they'll say no, you know?


And I'm like, whoa, that's not an easy decision to make. Like there's some integrity here, you know? Yeah. You mentioned that where we're taping that you were surprised by some people's integrity. Exactly. Especially during this show. Like, I sometimes throw a large copious sums of money to eliminate other people to like offer it to certain people and they say no. And I was always just like, what the fuck? Wow. This is crazy. Is there one age group or gender group or any demographic you can gimme on who, it seems like after doing a lot of challenges where you've gotten to see some integrity? No, it, it's pretty, this is 10 episodes. If we watched it all, you Would see there's 10 episodes of That. Yeah. You would see that. It's like pretty widespread across the board.


I mean, maybe the women, I don't think a senior citizen can, but some seniors can't make it through that. They Can't make it. I you saw that one 70-year-old she passed, which was, she Passed away N no. Passed the challenge. Oh God. I hope she doesn't pass away before the share show airs. That would, that'd be bad. No, I don't think people, some seniors, I don't know if I would let one of my grandparents watch this. Yeah. Just the levels of, Yeah. Your heart beating, there's A lot. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's what I was going for. What, what I really wanted is like, in my YouTube video, sometimes people say they, they don't have enough emotion or they lack the storytelling or whatever. And part of it is like, it's just YouTube. When you go to like a stream platform like Amazon Prime video or Netflix, you're like sitting down to watch something usually for like hours and you're to watch like this longer story and show.


But when you go to YouTube, more than likely, like, you know, you're going there for a quicker hit. You're not sitting down expecting to watch a 10 episode series. Like you're just clicking on videos and watching. So content put up on YouTube is just different. It's like, you know, series don't do as well. And you, you know, and so it's much easier to build characters and feel emotion over these 10 episodes, six hours of content than it is in a 20 minute video. 'cause you have like 10 minutes to build 'em up. But then you gotta wind the story down because the video's gonna end in 10 minutes. You know what I mean? So my big thing here was like, I really wanted you to feel something and, and I wanted to like flex those muscles and like actually build characters and, and like give emotion and things like that. You know, like when we were watching that, even though I've already seen it like a hundred times already, I could feel my heart pounding.


Yeah. I mean, or it might have been the Celsius I was drinking, I don't know. But like, I really could feel the emotion. That's what I want. Like when people watch the show, I want them to have very intense feelings. Yeah. Oh, I, I mean I definitely did, man. I, and the interesting thing to me too is like a lot of times with game shows and it's the contestants that you start to get to know, right? Yeah. But with this, it's not the contestants like, well You will later on, but because there's a thousand of 'em, right. First I gotta, you know, lay down the hammer. Yeah. Acts, you know, 900 of them or whatever and then we can build them up. Ah, I see. And I definitely learned why no one ever does stuff with a thousand. 'cause that's the most contestants ever. It's, it's a lot to like, just everything is, you know, a thousand hotel rooms a night, you know what I mean?


If the hotel room is $200, that's 200,000 a night. And just hotel rooms and you're feeding them. And even like every little thing is so expensive when you times it by a thousand. Yeah. And then like to record a thousand people, you need a thousand cameras just to buy a thousand cameras is a bitch. And then to hook all the cameras up to the server, we need like 56 miles of cable to run it over there. And then you need like fucking 250 camera people to No way check in on 'em. And so it's like, I know why people don't do reality shows at this scale because it's so fucking expensive. Like Yeah. What was the total budget of this show? Can you, can I wanna tell you about it? Can you just believe it so it doesn't make it in For sure. Okay.


Okay. Can we believe it in some artistic way? So it at least looks exciting. No. Just be like, what the fuck? Or do this. Sure. Put that over my mouth. It was, we spent, Oh my God. Yeah. I hope my mom's all right. I didn't mean it don't cancel me. No, I'm just trying to give some different, oh my God. Trying to get some different reactions. Put that in the Intro. Oh my god, bro. That you spent that much on this. Yeah, Because it gets crazier. Like that first one we, we built a thousand towers and those are real towers that have actual hydraulic press doors that are, have to be safety proof with giant foam and crash pad at the bottom with the light system.


Right. 'cause we're turning 'em red and green. And then we Had Hadda build custom software to connect it all where you press a button and the lights change. And then we Had Hadda rig, like I told you, a thousand cameras in there to a giant control center. Like just that first episode alone was, I mean, crazy man. And Do you have to take it all down at the end? Yeah, Yeah. No. So I didn't, I don't own that building. Yeah. Because the problem is like, we needed six massive hangers. So like, we basically, in Canada, there's like these six giant airport hangers and we're just like, Hey, can we use those and convert 'em all to these big sets? And then right outside is a field. And that's where we built that city, which was also, So I, I have in this field at one point, I have like 800 people working over here just building a city in the middle of a field.


And I've got like 600 construction people and these six hangers just building these other sets. And then I have all these, I mean, at some points we had like over 2000 people on set just in this town in Canada. So it was, it was crazy. And were you employing just a lot of locals? I mean, just, you were just, you would set up, you would put out the employment opportunities in advance? Yeah, we, we worked with two different unions and then yeah, we hired a bunch of people locally and, and things like that. So yeah, it created a lot of jobs locally there. And where does your joy come from? Like, 'cause you give away, you've given away a lot of money, right? Yeah. And you give away a lot of joy while I'm watching. Like, there's something also I, like, there's moments in there as I'm watching, I'm like, oh, what would I do in that instance? Yeah. That comes into my head. And then you see the reactions if somebody screws somebody over and you see the reaction if somebody is, gets screwed over.


Yeah. And you kind of think like, okay, well what feeling would I want to have? You know? And, and then like in the moment you're like, Oh yeah, I would definitely take the money. But then right now looking back, when I start to even think about some of those moments, I'd be like, man, it must've been really tough to leave and have those people feel. And so maybe I wouldn't have. Right. It's just, it's interesting just as a viewer, all the little moments that I kind of navigate and then kind of learn about myself. But what do you get like, like you give away so much money. Do you feel like you're like making up for something in a past life? Or like, is there something that, like you didn't grow up with a lot of money, you know? No. No. And so did, was it, do you like when you think back on little moments, like did you see somebody give some money once and it made you feel excited or Yeah.


Like are you able to connect any of those dots as you get a little bit older and, and have some more breadth of time? You know, that's where I, I should come up with this, you know, thro, heart throbbing story of like, I just wanna, you know, help people. 'cause I couldn't when I was younger or whatever. But the honest truth is like, I know how to make content go viral. We were really good at making good content and I just believe a world where I help people is just more fun than a world there where I don't, and that's kind of really it. I just, I've noticed where, you know, videos where we do help people or give away money, I tend to just be a little happier, enjoy it a little bit more. And So I just lean more that way. That's cool. That, yeah. I mean, that's the truth. I mean, I could, I could one time for fun 'cause like everyone has these like PR publicists and PR people.


I just talked to one, I was like, huh, what advice would you have for me? And they're like, you need to come up with a better story on why you help people. And I was like, well what I, because this is what I usually say. It's like, well the truth is that just as slightly more fun than when I don't Yeah. They're like, no, you need to come up with a better one. Like, you know, like you were saying, like, you know, say like, you helped a homeless person, it brought you immense joy and all this stuff. And I was just like, yeah, that feels kind of fake. Yeah. So yeah, that's, Yeah, sometimes, sometimes that's just the truth. It is. And it's a very simple truth. Yeah. I like helping somebody out. It, It's just more fun than if I don't Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's, Yeah. It's scary to think that though. Like recently I was given, given some money to some people that had been suffered from a storm. Right.


From some flooding. And, but, and I'm not saying that to make myself look exciting or anything, but it was nothing like this. And if they see that and then hear what I get, they're like, oh, this is guy, this guy's. Well, I mean, this is just our reality show. But yeah, in general, I don't know if you've watched too many of our videos, but we built a hundred wells in Africa. We Oh yeah, I know you helped the Oh yeah. You guys have given wine stuff. You've taken plastics outta the ocean. Yeah. But, well the, the wells stuff, that one was interesting or really eyeopening for me. 'cause we were one of them. Like, we went like four hours into the middle of nowhere and you're like, you know, in places where these people don't have the internet, like they're, I mean, really intense poverty and it's like, it's pretty eye-opening. I, I would recommend if anyone ever has an opportunity to like, just work on a project or do something in places like that, it's like crazy to think that we're on the same planet.


You know what I mean? And yeah. People who like don't even have access to clean water and have to walk an hour every morning to go to a river to get water. But then you look upstream and there's literally cows shitting in that same water that they're, you know, drinking out of because that's like, that's the world they live in. And like we have the, anyways, I don't know. It just, Yeah. No, look. No, I think putting things into perspective Right. Changes things for people. Exactly. Were you, was, did you have to like kind of achieve a certain amount of finances before you were able to start giving away finances? Kind of. No. I've always, like my first brand deal was $10,000 and I just walked outside and gave it to a homeless person. Wow. So I've just always done it. 'cause it was just like, you know, if I do this, then hopefully this video makes $15,000 and then I'll give away $15,000.


Right. And then hopefully that video makes $20,000 and I'll give away 20. And So I just had that idea of where I was like, what if I just give away the money and then it makes more money and I give that away. And then I've just kind of been doing that for like eight years. And now you're at $5 million, which is the largest amount that has ever been given away in a game show or, Or in a reality show in any show. Really. No one's ever given away. I think Squid Game was the most of 4,560,000. Wow. Yeah. And did you want to beat that? Kind of Oh yeah. Yeah. That's why the number was 5 million. Yeah. But we also gave away like, you know, another 15 plus million on top of that just throughout the show. No, I love it. 'cause you hear so many companies that, companies that just like, it's about their bottom and it's like, this is like the opposite of that. It's like, let's do something good.


Yeah. And let's make a bunch of money, but then let's, let's give it away. Yeah. It's like the opposite of like all the other treacherous type of capitalism that you hear about, you know? Yeah. I mean I, it's interesting because now that I've done like a streaming show or whatever, it's like a lot of these shows, their cash prize is like 250,000, $500,000. And it's like, I, I wonder why they don't give away more. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, you'll watch this whole, you know, 10 episode show just to see who wins 250 k. And it's like, in the first three minutes of our show, we gave away a million dollars. You Know what I mean? Yeah. You're like, Oh yeah, this is, yeah. So it'll be interesting. I'm curious to see how people react to it because I just, but anyways, we No, you're gonna make other taste.


Yeah. Dude, we Had Hadda, dude, he would give you 10 bucks to look at his butt. Right? Wait, what? Yeah, when I was a, you know, when I was younger than I am now, for sure he was a child. I don't wanna say a child, but you just pretend I was a child. Right. 'cause I was, and this guy would give you 10 bucks to look at his butt. Right. Not up close, far away, you know. But it was like, so yeah, That guy could have given us a lot More. Do you need to file a police report? I have no idea, dude. But I'm just saying, it's like everybody has a game show and you're like, yeah, people, these, these prizes are cheap. You know, that's what it was kind of what I was getting at. Anyway, we can take that part out. So you were on a game show and a guy gave you $10 to look at his butt. We Had Hadda dude in our area, I'll be honest with you.


He'd give you $10, he'd walk off a little bit, he'd kind of spread his butt a little bit. And you Had Hadda kind of go like that at him and you got the money, you know? Okay. So, but it wasn't, it wasn't close up and it wasn't even super invasive. It was like, you know, I get it's, How old were you at the time? I was old enough to be like, Hey, this guy's kind of a crazy guy, you know? But he's also cheap. You know? So probably 13, 12, 11 probably. Oh gosh. You know? But anyway, Are you sure you don't wanna file a police report? I Right, dude, You sure You don't wanna take care of that? He's not currently still offering 12 year olds $10. Look at this. Fuck. 'cause we might wanna put an into that.


Yeah, you're right. Actually. And maybe that's the type of game we can go to do next is trapping. Guys like that, you know, $12, but games, that's different. Anyway, I shouldn't have said anything like that. Just so our viewers know. Right? I know you have the largest YouTube channel that, that exists the most that they can have on there. You have more subscribers than I think people in America. Yeah, I haven't thought of that, but yeah. What's the population of America? I think, sorry to cut you off, Jimmy. Like 300 million, right? Almost four. Oh, it's almost four. Is it? Let's see, America population 3 34. Oh yeah. We're, we're about the same. We're at three 30. Yeah. So we're, we're we're tied with America.


Yeah. I guess it's, I mean, I, it's crazy, man. Like eight years ago I was in high school. So it's kind of funny when I think about it. 'cause eight years ago I'm raising my hand desk to use the bathroom. And then, yeah. I guess now we have the same subscribers as America. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty, Yeah. That's a difference. Pretty wild how it happens. It's, it's a lot. Man. You know what's interesting? 'cause you're, you're talking about like, our large subscriber count is, it's like when, when I had like 10 million subscribers, I was like, I thought this is fame. Like this is, you know, like I would go into Walmart and I don't know, maybe one person would ask for a photo and it was like, this is fucking cool. This is what it's like. But you don't, there's just like such a big difference where, and this is gonna sound obvious, but where I'm at now, then when I had like 10 million subscribers or where I was like four years ago.


And it's, it keeps getting crazier every year and every year. Like, like people will follow my car to like, you know, if I'm out and they see me, they'll like try to stalk me so they can see where I live. Like, wow. You know, that's like, that kind of stuff didn't happen four years ago. Or almost anything I do ends up on the internet. Right. Like, one time I was like at a drive. Every time I go to a drive through, it's like flipping a coin on whether or not 10, like someone's gonna go MrBeast and then all the people in the background run to the window and it's gonna be this thing that's, you know, kind of intense. Or if it's just like a really, really old person. And I'm like always super happy when like I pull up to a drive through and it sounds like they're 50. 'cause I'm like, fuck yeah, I'm good.


Yeah. But if they're, if they sound like they're in their twenties or thirties, it's, God, it's brutal. 'cause then it's like, one time someone did that, they opened it. She was like, you're MrBeast. I was like, yeah. And she goes to whip out her phone and was like, Hey, I don't want people to know what I'm driving. Like we could chat, but let just please no photos. 'cause then if it goes viral, I'm gonna have to sell this car. And like, it's just a lot of work. God. And she's like, okay. And then she goes to get the food and she comes back and there's just, I see just 10 other people that work. I won't even say the restaurant. Yeah. But behind her coming up or their phone's recording, I was like, I thought I could trust you. Mm. And I Had Hadda drive off before they handed me my food because I was like, if I don't, they're gonna start filming. People will see the car drive, blah, blah.


And then it's funny, like the next day I see on Reddit, MrBeast is an asshole. Just drove off and Yeah. And it's like, no, you forgot to tell the part where I was like, Hey, please don't dox my car. Yeah. You know, just come immediately leaves that whole thing out. And so there's a lot of that. Like, or another time I was at a restaurant, I, I don't even know who I was with, but someone paid for my food and I was like the, I went, I asked for the bill. They were like, oh, someone paid for it. They were like, told me to tell you they like your videos. I was like, cool, how do I tip? And they're like, oh, well we don't have a bill. And I was like, okay. So I just left and then the next day I see on the internet, MrBeast stiff me and didn't leave a tip or whatever. And it's like, someone paid for my meal.


I didn't get a bill. It's not like I carry cash. Yeah. You know, so, and I was just, and So I have so many instances like that where like no one gives a fuck when you're smaller about all these little things. But like, as I've gotten bigger, yeah. It's just like every interaction, it's, it's like a 10% chance this thing's gonna end up on the internet and or they're gonna try to twist things or, or whatever. And it's just gotten crazier. Like people, like I said, follow me or Yeah. It's, it's interesting. Yeah. And You get, well, you get to a point also with popularity where you've also gone o you can't go back. Yeah. First of all, you can't on beast yourself. Well I actually, I can't, I abuse myself if I wear a beanie. I've noticed, like I've, I've tried all sorts of outfits when I fly to see which ones get rid, if I put my bangs in a beanie and put that on.


'cause I've never worn anything like that in my videos. The amount of photos I take go down like crazy. Wow. Yeah. So it's like a, and then if I combo the beanie with like a pair of glasses, 'cause I also have never worn glasses in my videos. It, it takes it down. So I've like studied it. Okay. But, 'cause like I used to just rock a hood, but that's kind of like suspicious. It's like, especially in places where it's not cold, people are like, yeah, Guy was like a bank robber buddies at United Airlines guy Actually makes them like double look. Yeah. And then they're like, oh shit. So the hood strap doesn't work, but the, the beanie and glass is Strat. That's, that's the key. Yeah. If you wanna be like low key. Yeah. No, I think there's different ways to do different little disguises. I I, I do think it's interesting what you're saying though, like about, like, I, I would notice this is just for me, but I would notice, like someone would pay for my food sometime at a restaurant.


Yeah. But then I would read like, oh, he didn't thank us for it. Right. Like, so really they were paying for it. So I would like engage with them. Right. Yeah. Which is, it's okay. But it's like at some point it's like, maybe I'm do with friends Friends. I'd rather Just pay for the food. Yeah. I'd rather just pay for my food. I didn't know that there was this other exchange to it. Right. Yeah. So I'm not complaining. I'm happy for the extra food, but if I'm in a hurry or something and now I'm in a, a different spot and now I'm in a conversation where somebody also then wants to ask you about a business thing or something, it's like, yeah. You know, there's no rule Book for these kinds of things. Right. There's no rule book for It. So you kind of have to like, learn on the go. Like, what do I do when random people pay for my food? Oh, I guess this is the random people paid for my food etiquette.


Yeah. I have to stand there and demand a bill from the waitress five times until they give it So I can tip. I then have to walk around the restaurant and find who paid for it and thank the, it's like these are the the things that you just kind of have to learn as you get more famous. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's, it's just interesting, you know? Yeah. And people will be like, oh, famous people complaining, you know, but it's like, but if somebody, if popularity is a blessing and a curse and sometimes it's a side effect of what you even wanted to do. Right. And yeah. And then there's also ways to like little things to navigate amongst it.


This episode is sponsored by BAM Prize Picks Baby. Do you love firing on sports? Do you love it? I do. Well Prize Picks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. You can sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's it. It's simple. You can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and many more instead of choosing teams. What I love about Prize Picks is that you choose individual players, a player, each player has a set projection and you either choose more or less than that set projection, Prize Picks also has a brand new feature called Live Squares available. Now Live Squares allows you to pick a player's full game projection after their time has started so you can get in the game. The projection changes based on the player's live progress. Look for the Red Dot indicating a game is in progress. If you are smart with sports and you know what players are gonna perform on what Nights Prize Picks is the best app for you, I enjoy it. If you can gamble responsibly Prize Picks is it First time users download the Prize Picks app use code Theo and Prize Picks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50. And make sure this is something that you are able to use responsibly. If not, then it's not for you. But if so, then Prize Picks is the best app for you.


This episode is sponsored by Kraken, the number one ranked crypto platform by Forbes in November, 2024. That's the kind of crack I like. Bitcoin's been on a tear lately and if you've been thinking about getting some of that digital gold, Kraken is the place to be. Look, you don't have to be some kind of tech wizard or some fancy Nancy to use Kraken. Signing up is quick and free and their app is so easy to use. Even your Uncle Terry could figure it out after a couple of cold boys. You can also set up your own personal watch list of crypto charts to keep tabs on the price of Bitcoin and over 190 other cryptos. Hold up, let me check the Bitcoin price on Kraken real quick. Dang. She's ripping. Everybody's asking where to buy crypto. And the answer is simple. Get Kraken K-R-A-K-E-N, head to Kraken dot com slash theo. That's www.kakeen.com/ TEO. And sign up now. That's Kraken dot com slash theo. Disclaimer, not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through pay Word interactive incorporated c Kraken dot com. Legal dash ca dash pru dash disclaimer for info on Krakens undertaking to register in Canada,


let's be honest, what most people want for the holidays is to see their loved ones. That's what we want. Most of the time. We wanna see a, we wanna see our loved ones, we wanna see even a picture of them. If that's all, that's why this year, the best gift you can give besides plane tickets is an Aura Digital picture frame. Name the number one digital picture frame by wire cutter. Aura Frames are incredibly smart and easy to use, allowing you to upload unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. Plus you can order the frame online and preload it with photos and videos using the Aura app, A URA app. So it's ready to go right out of the box. Yep. I know. I've got one for my family member. Somebody's getting one. And if they like it and I'll see about maybe if we get 'em all, then everybody can upload different things and we'll have a beautiful just variety of things going on there. Save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get $35 off best selling Carver Mat frames by using promo code Theo at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code THEO. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply.


How did you become, just so our listeners know, how did you become MrBeast? You know? Yeah. Were you a, were you, was you at a point where you were just a beast and was there Yeah. Yeah. So when I was probably 13 or 11, you know, Xbox Live, I just was randomizing the name and it gave me like the name MrBeast 6,000. And so that was just like my Xbox gamer tag when I was playing Call of Duty. So They gave you, did they ever come after you and try to claim any title to it? Well, no. 'cause it was just like a random name generator. Okay. And they don't own it. But then, so then when I started a YouTube channel, I just called it Mr. V 6,000. Yeah. And then everyone was just like, why is the 6,000? I was like, I don't know. And then I eventually just dropped it and there's MrBeast. So that's kind of how it came about.


But in terms of how I got where I am now, I started making videos when I was 11. Had no fucking clue what I was doing. They were absolute trash. And then no one watched 'em when I was 11. No one watched em when I was 12. No one watched 'em when I was 13. No one watched when I was 14. No one watched when I was 15. And then I started to get like, holy fuck, is anyone ever gonna watch these? I'm like, four years in, I'm like, I'm like having depressive mental breakdowns 'cause I'm pouring everything I have. But I mean, like at the time I, you know, obviously everyone thinks the videos they make are great. And I thought I was making like insanely great videos, but they're just trash. It just, and like, the problem is that I didn't have anyone to teach me how to edit. So I'm like learning on my own. I didn't, I didn't know anything about cameras, didn't know anything about anything.


And then 16, no one's watching 'em. 17. So no one watching them. And I'm like, fuck. I just like, I only, my whole life I was just like, I just want to do YouTube. I need to make enough money by the time I graduate high school So I can do this. Or I'm fucked. 'cause like, I didn't have good grades or anything. And you know, we didn't have much money because my parents were over leveraged in 2008. They're in the army, bought some properties 2008 and then the recession or financial crisis hit, went bankrupt, lost everything. Oh. So like, my mom was also like, fuck. Like my son's just gonna be like, fuck, We get back in there. Yeah. Like, just gonna be homeless. And she, she hates it. And, and So I finally 18 about to graduate high school still. No one watches the videos.


No one gives a fuck. I'm Making that. How you doing graduation night? Yeah. I remember like, yeah. It's just like, my mom's like, all right, it's time to accept reality. Gotta go to community college, gotta get a degree. And I was just like, I didn't want to. But I was like, okay, lemme just pick the easiest lamest fucking degree. I think it was like some communications degree at my local community College. Yeah. Zoning is one of them. But then two weeks into it, I just was like, fuck this shit. And so every day, 'cause I didn't have enough money to move out, I just go to college. But then I just work on videos in my car and I was just like, okay, in six months my mom's gonna find out that I have straight zeros kick me outta the house. I gotta get it where people are watching my videos enough where I can like live off of it over the next six months.


And then I just started doing a bunch of stupid stuff. Like around this time is when I counted to a hundred thousand. Yeah. It's so classic. Which, and a lot of other things like that. And I, Why did somebody semi unconscious count their way through? Like the 80 thousands is unbelievable. Yeah. It, it was, well there was one part I think at 93,000 where I was like 92,999. 91,000. I actually went backwards. I didn't realize it. And then I just went 91,000, one 90 1002. So I like, it's, yeah, it was, it was 'cause I was so just out of it at that point. Yeah. There, oh, there are moments in that where you're like, yeah, somebody helped this guy or something, you know? Yeah. But anyways, around that point I Had Hadda month where I made 20 grand and then I was like, mom, I have straight zeros. I'll move out tomorrow. And then it just moved out.


So that, and then, yeah, then we just kept reinvesting it all and here we are. So it's like a 15 year journey and it's been pretty crazy. Was it hard to learn to reinvest in yourself? Is that like a, I I know you kinda mentioned a minute ago, was that like a thing? Is that hard to learn, to reinvest yourself? No. For me it always came natural. 'cause like I, I have a, well now it's a little bit crazier 'cause we're traveling and everything. But back then, you know, I lived in a place that was $720 a month and I split it with someone. So I needed 360 for rent. And I had like a 2005 Dodge Durang, which wasn't that expensive. So it was like, okay, a thousand dollars to cover my expenses, everything else, just pour it back in. You know what I mean? So if you just live a like below your means, then like, it allows you just to go crazy and throw everything back into it.


And I, I just was like a fucking machine back then that lived to make the best videos possible. And so every dollar was just a way to just make a better video. Wow. So you wanna make the best video. There's something about it that you wanna make the best video? Yeah. Well it's, I've obviously studied the algorithm, studied the tens of thousands of YouTube videos. I'm a, a data nerd. And what's interesting is the data always just shows that the better a video is, the more views it gets. It's like, if people watch it and enjoy it, YouTube gives it more views. So it's like Yeah. It's the better the, that's, that's what took us from a hundred thousand views of video to a million to 10 million views of view to 20 to 30 to 40 to 50 to a hundred. It's just, you know, people notice when you put in the effort and go above and beyond.


So they just keep coming back. Yeah. I mean that, yeah. Watching, I mean, I know this will be on Amazon, right? Yeah. Prime Video, the Beast cam thing. Yeah. But Watching some of your stuff is just like, man, this is like fantastical. You know, it's like fantasy. There's fantasy parts of it. What was one you guys just put up about, you went out into these like, like this cave and seven Days into Underground Cave. Is that a, was it a real cave or not a real cave? So we did seven days in a cave and seven days in Underground City. Which one Are you talking Underground City under? Yeah. That, that's in Romania. That's, that was crazy. It was so great. 'cause it's like, it's mixes like past and present. It's like, I can't, it's like, are we the Mayans or the aliens here? I, there's this mix of like, yeah.


You know, where is this a real city? Is it not? It, it's looks brand new, but then it's also has these, well, And the Romans used to mine salt outta there. I think it was like something crazy. Like 2 billion pounds of salt have been mined there. Wow. Or something ridiculous. Yeah. So it's been used for over a thousand years. And then they built a, a little underground city there and there's a Ferris wheel and everything. It's so mind blowing that like how deep, there's A real Ferris wheel there. Yeah. In that underground city. Yeah. That's a part that, that's one thing. It's just like, I can't tell sometimes when it's new or old or it's like, it's just, it's fantastical. Yeah. You know? That's what it feels like to me. It felt like, dang, this is dang fantasy. You know? So you're a MrBeast. Is there a Mrs. Beast? Do they have a Mrs.


Beast? I mean, I have a girlfriend. Okay. But you know, I, I didn't know. I just call her Tia. Okay. So she yeah. You just call her by her natural name or whatever, like given name. Do you remember your first girlfriend ever or no? Yeah, but you know, I'm, I love my current girlfriend. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's what I was just, or yeah, I, I was just thinking like, were you good at having girl? Like was there ever a girl that you even Had Hadda crush on your neighborhood or anything? You were a kid. You don't, don't just say her name. No, it's, bro, when I, I've, when I was growing up, I was So, I mean, I still am, but I was incredibly awkward. I Had Hadda, lot of pimples when I was a teenager. Oh yeah. Dude, Dude, dude. Like I have scars on my forehead from, I was So, I was an acne up freak that just obsessed over YouTube.


I don't, I didn't even know how to talk to a woman. Like, if they were like, hi, I'd probably just be like, what are you? You know? So it was, fuck no. No. I mean, but it kind of worked to my advantage a little bit because that's why I just grinded so much from 11 to 18, which most people probably would've been trying to talk to girls or Actually, oh, that'll kill all Your time. E Exactly. Whereas I was just like, fucking, you'd playing baseball and grinding on YouTube every second of the day. So it worked out in my advantage. Do you know Accutane? The Oh yeah. Accutane. Didn't it kill, it didn't kill Jessica Simpson. What happened to her? And that wasn't her. Sorry. Yeah. I don't know. It might have killed someone. I mean, it's a pretty intense thing. But I took Accutane and it just got rid of all my acne.


Oh, it helped? Yeah. Oh yeah. And actually I was one Call of Duty YouTube, I watched when I was younger. He just said that he started taking Accutane and all his acne went away. And I was like, okay. So I asked my dermatologist and I took it and then all my acne went away as well. And I was like, holy shit. Where was, but I didn't take it till I was like 19 or 20. And I was like, my God, why didn't someone tell me about this when I, Did anybody tell you? Yeah. When I was 15 or 16? Well, and I probably, it's probably for the better 'cause it's pretty intense. But it like dries your skin out like crazy. And it gets to the point where the, your skin will get, like, it shrinks your pores too. So like the blackheads on your nose will literally come out on their own and like, you'll like wake up one day and you'll just ha like all this stuff, like if you squeeze blackheads, they'll just be sitting on top of your nose.


It's like a miracle. Like When people put that worm rod in the ground, you ever seen that when they electrocute the ground to get the worms outta It? Yeah. Basically like that. Yeah. Yeah. No, and it's, this is a crazy thing. So anyways, I'm saying this because if there's any of you out there in the same spot as me, Accutane changed my life. I hoped to be like that Call of Duty YouTuber was to me when I was younger To you it was, it was wild. Some dude on call duty, he's like, Hey, get some Accutane. Yeah. He was just doing like a story time and talk about how he fixed his acne. And I was just like, oh. Changed my life, dude. We Had Hadda get this blott or they had something. There was this finally I got a prescription 'cause mine was bad too, dude. Like, and I was afraid to smile because sometimes you would have that hard patch and it would just be like, it would be like a gang of acne. Like Yeah.


Ms. Ney or whatever was In your face too. Well that was my fucking forehead for years. Yeah. And you would smile and it would fucking just squirt on somebody. It was almost like you were, you were afraid to make certain faces. 'cause a couple of 'em would go off, you know? Yeah. It was like, you know, like, oh Actually I don't know if mine was that intense I had And if you'd get 'em like in here in the corners of my nose. Oh, those hurt. It was so scary. Yeah. And I already have a big nose, so if I get a pimp on and I'd have to stay home until it went away or whatever. Yeah. God dude. Yeah. Acne was, acne was crazy 'cause you didn't do anything, right. You've been at home, you're just growing up or whatever. Yeah. And then God's like, Oh yeah, you little bastard. I know. It's like, you see these people who don't wash their face and they just have perfect flawless skin.


And then you're over here doing everything you can and you got, you know, a hundred blackheads on your nose and probably 40 pimples on your face. And it's just like, why? Why? Why am I being punished? You know? Yeah. Like why me? And, and we had this blotter stuff. It was like this, this green stuff came out at one point. So you have to put it all, it Had Hadda, like a blotter, almost like a for playing bingo. Yeah. And you'd put it all over your skin, but it had green. It was green. Right. It's kind of green and you couldn't tell right when you put it on. But if you were at school and you Had Hadda white shirt or something, your whole shirt of your neck would start just getting green throughout the day. 'cause you'd sweat it down, you know, it, it was harrowing. How old are you? I was probably 11, 12. Me growing up we had proactive or whatever the fuck that was. That's what, yeah.


I wouldnt, I don't, I don't remember the green shit you're talking about. We had prayer and some other shit that they had. Yeah. Meeting the first girl was, oh I remember in our apartment complex some dad, I remember this is the first girl that I maybe Had Hadda Crush on or something. The dad got a daughter a drum Right. For Christmas or whatever. Yeah. And he would make her play like on the back porch. He would practice and I would go around and listen and she would play, what's that Ice Cube song? It's like, it was A good day. Bubu boom, boom. Yeah. Kind of thank God, boom, boom, boom, boom.


Bubu boom. Yeah. No bark Nobu bu love that song to would play that dude. And I would just go down there and I just fell in love listening to her play that. Yeah. And I remember that. It was like the first, Then what happened between you guys? Oh, nothing. My, there was some violence between our families a little bit. My brother had some issues I think with her brother, but there, but that was like the first crush. What kind of violence? Somebody like got upset at somebody and somebody threw like, like a stomp or whatever through somebody's bathroom window. It got neighborhood, neighborhood got hot sometimes, dude. But I, but between me and her, she didn't know that. I don't think she ever knew that. But what that she does, I would listen to her play that and the dad would yell at her to fucking play it.


He was, I think a Raiders fan or whatever. Anyway, sorry, kind of rambling. You just got back from India, right? Yeah. Nice dude. How was that? Have you ever done shows or anything in India? I went to India when I was a student. We went to Madras and we worked at like a children's home. It was like, it was just a week, but it was magnificent, man. Yeah. Some of the most beautiful, energetic humans in the world, you know? Yeah. Like a lot of happiness I felt like over there. So I really enjoyed it. What was your experience like? Yeah. I, I enjoyed being there as well. Well we, yeah, it was, it was pretty, pretty intense. Not gonna lie. We like when I, I mean it's, it got off to like, I literally, as I'm walking out the airport, there was just a bunch of people there waiting, you know?


Right. So I took some photos, said hi to people, whatever, got in my car. And then that vi video that someone filmed got posted on like this big, like, I guess celebrities are like a really big thing, like Bollywood stars in India. And so like, they posted on this Instagram account and it got like 20 million views in like the next 10 hours. So basically like everyone knew I was in India after that. Which we also said we were coming 'cause we were going to like, you know, per talk on a stage. 'cause I was launching a product and things like that. But it got pretty intense 'cause people were trying to find which hotel I was in and they were like camping out at all the hotels. And so like, I'm like, as we're pulling in like with my seat really recline 'cause I didn't wanna know.


And, and somehow they figured out which one we're staying at and then there's people waiting out there and there's it, it got pretty crazy. And then we, we just like launched our chocolate bar at a mall and there's A feast bowl over There. Yeah. Feast bowls. We launched it over there and there was like, I mean it was crazy the amount of people that showed up. We were, we were just talking on stage and whatever. But the problem is so many people were showing up there that they like, like people were, were going on in places in the mall where they weren't supposed to getting in locked doors. And the, the line and crowd was getting so big, they made us end it early and leave, which was annoying because like, I felt bad 'cause so many people had showed up and I just wanted to at least like wave and say hi to a lot of them. And then, yeah, we, it was, I met a lot of the biggest Indian creators over there and super cool.


Filmed some stuff and Wow. Yeah, we just, we, what was also interesting is we did this meet and greet with a bunch of Bollywood actors, like their kids and just said hi to 'em. And I've, I've just never watched any Bollywood films. So I was just, you know, hanging out saying hi to some of these people. And like, I took a photo with this kid and, and one parent and then one of the guys beside me who just works there was like, Hey, do, do you know who That guy is? It's this. And he showed me like an Instagram account and he had like 60 million followers. I was like, no. He's like, oh, that was the guy I just met. He was like, yeah. I was like, oh cool. And then I took a photo and I said hi to another kid with, with his mob. And he's like, the guy was like, she is, she's like in these movies and like this.


And there he was like freaking out. And I was like, and I, I didn't know who any of these people were. Right. You dunno. Yeah. And So I was like, okay, now I need you to tell me who they are before they walk up. And so he'd like, it's just this random guy I just met and he's just like, okay, here's, here's this person's Instagram account. It'd be like 30 million follows. Like there, apparently there's like twice as many people use Instagram and India than in USA. So I, I didn't know any of this, but like, it's a really big, It's huge. You forget about that and just how many people there are. Yeah. And a lot. And TikToks banned in India, so that makes more people use Instagram. And so it's like really, really big over there because that was like, it was, I was, it was crazy. There's so many people that I met that just had crazy high follower accounts and it's like, I, you don't see that over here in America. And then I looked into the data, 'cause I'm a data guy and I was like, oh my gosh.


Like, oh fuck, load of people use it over there. And the usage skyrocketed after they banned TikTok. And same thing with YouTube, actually like India, more people watch YouTube in India than in America, because again, like in America, we're competing. It's TikTok over there. They're not. And then the fact that there's over a billion people, so it's like a huge Oh, so YouTube is bigger over there too then. Yeah, YouTube Is bigger over there, so it's like a huge market. But no, I Had Hadda great time and it was just, it was pretty intense though. Like, I posted an Instagram story showing us driving down the road and they're just, everywhere we drove, there's just dozens of kids that would just run along the side of the road and follow our car and things. Just Excited. Yeah. Yeah. And so it was, it was, I felt, I felt love. Yeah. I felt very loved.


That's, that's for sure. I was like, damn, people over here, they care. And it was, it was cool. It was Cool. Yeah. It's a lot of good energy over there. Agree. And it's safe energy too. So the excitement, I feel like in, in a place like Indy, you don't feel like it's gonna get to place. I was it getting shady you think? Not like that. I thought people would stab me, but there, how do I say it in a way where it doesn't sound like a peanut diva. They were a little less concerned for personal space over there. Oh yeah. They're, they're, they're like more, they'll run up to you and get like really Close billions of people. It's not a lot of personal space over there. Yeah, they're, They're, they're like, like don't get your own pillow. Like In America, you know, people dab you up like a group of five or six people and they'll, they'll stay a foot or two away, you know? But over there, like, they'll just run up and hug me and like get really, really close.


And it gets a little intense sometimes. Like, I noticed, like some of them did not give a fuck about my personal space, especially if it was a bigger group. Oh, they'll hide in your mouth if you leave it open. Yeah, I Know. So that was, that was an interesting thing. They just, yeah, I remember being, they would, people were sleeping on the side of the road there. I remember in India when I was there, you would just be driving at night and people would just Yeah. You know, somebody would just walking and I guess they decided to get some rest or whatever. But yeah, you don't even get your own pillow in India. Like you lay down and then there's other, you know, people have little quiet, it's just, there's a lot of people there. There is, you know, there's a lot of folks you were talking about feast and thank you guys sent me some, you know. Yeah. I'll go the whole day. I don't need any sugar. Middle of the night crack open to a box of feasts that some asshole sent me and I'm that asshole.


Yeah. And they're awesome. Thank you. And the peanut butter one is probably my favorite one. Thank you. But then it's like, I just have so much, you know, I freak out in the middle of the night and because I'm just a damn sugar pervert and then now I just can't go back to bed, you know? But Thank you. Yeah. And but what I wanna say is, would you ever do like a Willy Wonka type of thing? Because I feel like this, I mean, you already are kind of there, you know? Yep. So, You know, we put 10 golden tickets in it one time, right? No, I didn't Know that. I Didn't know. No, it's all good. So we, it's funny you asked, so yeah, that's a great idea. We should, it's almost like we should put 10 golden tickets of random bars. I should build a chocolate factory, fly them down to have 'em compete for it. Did they, did you already do all that?


Yeah, But hey, it's, it's, it was pretty cool. It was years ago. Most of your fans probably have no idea I did it. So Yeah, we put the golden tickets out you way past that. I built a, an actual chocolate river. And you know what's funny? This, I don't even know if I've ever told this story, but we, I like, it's the day before we're gonna film, you know, the 10 golden ticket winners are in town and I go to the chocolate factory to just, you know, check out things and the chocolate river is just not there. Like, we like literally had like a multiple feet deep spread across this like warehouse, like chocolate river, but, and it's like there. But then I come back the next day and it's just not there. Like, it's literally empty. The entire river has Gone. And what happen do you think?


We don't know. I mean, I guess there was like a, a hole in the, the lining on the bottom of the river we built and it just all sank through it. We, we, I don't know, but see that chocolate river right there? Oh my God. But I did not know this at all. Yeah, pause it right there. But and Is that the guy that took it? No, that's Nolan one of our friends and then that's a, he, every time someone got eliminated, they got in the boat, we paddled them down the chocolate river out the factory. But yeah, so it's like the, the day before and I just walk in and there's like a waterfall and everything, but it's just empty and I'm like, where the fuck did my chocolate river go last night? And so we Had Hadda like blitz to refill it and redo the entire thing. It was a fucking shit show. Just search a MrBeast chocolate factory and you can see like, he could see what it actually looks like or on YouTube.


Yeah. I'm sorry I'm so behind on that. No, it's all good. I I mean I have so many crazy stories I can tell you about the fucking crazy shit we've done. Like who else has built a fucking chop factory? Yeah. I didn't even know why. Here. Skip ahead to the inside. Yeah. Or Yeah, right there. Look at that shit on and candy and everything. Yep. Pause it. Wow. Yeah, so those are real, real candy. I mean it was fucking difficult to keep the bugs out of there. Oh yeah. You don't think about that bugs like candy. Yeah. And so we gave the, the winner the option of, you know, keep the factor just have $500,000 and I was like, yo, like this shot fact or chocolate River's probably gonna disappear. Tends to do that. These candies are all gonna go bad in the next few days.


Is this gonna be an absolute disaster? Take the money. I'd recommend you take the money. I'll give it to you. I mean, I, I'm not, you know, I will, but I just, it's gonna cost you like six figures to like clean this shit up. Mm. Like I don't want to just dump that on you. You know, was it Bobby Fla in that too? At the end is Gordon Ramsey. So the, the last challenge they did is they Had Hadda cook a dessert and then whoever Gordon Ramsey said did the best won the chocolate factory. Oh wow. And he looks a little bit like Charlie from the original chocolate factory. Pull up a Charlie from the original chocolate factory photo there. Let's do a little side. Come here. Gordon Ramsey to him. And I'm gonna be so accurate here, which blew my own mind actually. Yeah, actually, actually Carl the guy to the right of board kind of looks like him.


Let's go. Hold on. No, no. The picture I one is up one. Wait, no down scroll. Yeah, no. Right there to the left. Left on that side right there. Yeah. Carl kind of looks like that. So pretty close, huh? Yeah. Your imagination pretty close right there. Holy shit. That could be him. What Is that shirtless photo of Gordon? Wait, wait, wait. No, we go to that shirtless one. What am I looking at Though? Whoa. What did, what did he start posing like that? I don't know. Dude, My boy, That's one vote for Bobby Kennedy right there. Dude. That's crazy bro. Oh, Bobby Flay. Bobby Flas daughter is beautiful. Actually man, I don't care if she hears it.


She's super talented. That's exactly what I mean. She's also a stunning young lady. But what are we saying? Oh yes. No, I got more to say. I'll tell you this. Yes, you already did that man. Yeah. And what's also interesting is while we were filming that video, I was doing a different video where I didn't eat any food for two weeks. What's the longest fast you've ever done? I just did three days the other day of only water. How was it? It was, or I did 72 hours. It was good. Got a little temperamental. Yeah. But I kind of enjoyed it. And how long did you do? I did 14 days only water. Only water. Yeah. I lost, what was it, like 20 something pounds? It was, was it To lose weight or just to, you know, It was for a video just to see what happens.


And you like, after like day five or six, like you're pretty fucking drained. Like you have no energy. You know what's interesting? If you read online about extended fast, people will be like, ah, you'll lose minimal muscle mass and it's mostly fat. And, which seemed like a lot of Reddit threads and things. When you first Google it, that's what it tells you. So I did a DEXA scan before I did my extended fast, you know, where they measure the fat muscle in your body and do one after. And it was like, I lost like six pounds of muscle muscle. It was like pretty depressing how much muscle I lost. Yeah, you lose it. Yeah. Which I mean is obvious, but that's not what the internet said. What happened, which I was like, someone needs to like correct this because Yeah, it was, it was pretty depressing. So I lost whatever it was like 13 pounds of fat, seven pounds of lean mass.


But It's depressing. 'cause then you're, so you start to, and you don't wanna explain to people, Hey, I'm fasting. 'cause people think something's going on with you. Yeah. But even after you start eating, like the muscle didn't just come back. Yeah. And so it's like, yeah, that was, that was pretty brutal. But it was, yeah, it was intense not eating. I, and I still was filming and working throughout it. So like on day 10 and 11 and 12, like it was really fucking with me. Like, I, I standing up was just like brutal. You know? And like walking around or anything like that. 'cause you have no energy. You needed A real cane like Willy Wonka had. Yeah, yeah. There. Yeah. That was, that was intense. And did you, What were you, did you notice like, but your clarity got pretty sharp as a whip. Were you able to use That? See people say that, but no, for me it never, that never hit, I never got that like a superhuman clarity.


'cause that's what I was hoping for. Yeah, no, I just like, I was just fucking tired man. All the time. I was too tired to have clarity. Oh. I Could read people's damn minds. Oh, I, I thought That guy was naked at first on the right. Former all pro NFL tackle Russell O Kong has also over 150 pounds since retiring. Including losing a hundred pounds in 40 days by fasting every day. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's just, that's crazy. We just started a video where we, or we're about to start it after, when I go back home, we built a gym, like a, just a weightlifting gym. And then we put a big red circle around it and then we're gonna give a guy either, I dunno which one, if he loses a hundred pounds before he leaves that red circle.


Ooh. And so, and he has a trainer in there and he has a chef at everything he'll need. And then Yeah. And then exciting. Yeah. So like that video might take like a year, you know, and so he just, he's living in there. We have cameras set up and it's just like lose a hundred pounds or, or leave, you know. And if you lose a hundred pounds before you leave you, you win the money. That's fair. Dude. They should do that around a, like a IndyCar race. You know, why just put a big huge circle around like a Talladega or whatever. Why? And just be like, lose a hundred pounds. Oh, I didn't think about the end of it. I didn't think about the End. Another video we're about to start too, is I, I bought a jet and then we're grabbing two people who just got like, graduated from pilot school or whatever, just got their license and we're going, if you guys live in this jet for the next a hundred days, don't step foot out of it once or the next a hundred days you get to keep the jet.


Oh. So then they'll, they'll own a private jet, but they can fly it around to do whatever. Just as long as they don't leave, they went. They Just can't leave. Yeah. So like, I'm hoping they'll like fly to New York and just Uber, eat some pizza to the door of the jet, then fly to California or whatever and it just like, yeah, that'll be a fun one. Yeah. That sounds interesting. Is there a video? Say if you got you, they shut you down. They're like, beast, you're done. Yeah. No more beasting around here. Boy. No more Steady beast. What if people were like that and then you Had Hadda make you got to make one more video. Do you know what it would be? You think That's only one more? I mean, because You're already, you've, I mean you've got the 5 million. Do you know you've upped the Annie? Yeah, Well that's on the, the show, but on YouTube. 'cause I don't, I don't have that, I don't have streaming money on YouTube.


You know what I mean? I don't, I don't know man. We've, there's not, 'cause there's so many things I wanna do. It'd be hard to pick one. Oh, there are? Yeah. Oh yeah. You, you still have a ton of ideas. Oh, Unlimited. I mean the, the bottleneck for me is not ideas. It's just like actually pulling 'em off. You know? 'cause a lot of these are multimillion dollar projects to take months upon, months to set up, months to film, months to edit, et cetera. So it's just like, they're pretty brutal. Like one of the ones we did recently that I thought was really cool, but like, this is an example of how much time it takes is we, we built a bunker underground. I don't Did you see that one? I know. I'm not sure. Okay. But, so we Had Hadda dig, like a super deep hole. We bought a bunker, put it in, covered it up, and then built pull up the, like, the outside of it for him so he could see what it looks like.


And then we Had Hadda. Yeah. That top one right there. I've seen some of this. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that's a bunker we built. And then those two people, if they lived in there for a hundred days, they want half a million dollars. Oh, they Did it too. Yeah. Yeah. And then like, but you have to set deck the bunker and then, so that's like multiple months of building and everything. Right. And then you put 'em in there and then that's still three months and 10 days of filming. And then, you know, you have to have like camera crew there around the clock and you have to have a medic there just for safety and, and all these other things. And I have to check in every day. And then now you come out the other end, you have a hundred days worth of footage, which takes, you know, editing team forever to come through and watch and edit and then build stories. So like, that's like a eight month long project. You know what I mean? So that's, they're just like, it's a lot.


Yeah. It's very, very intense. And and that's the thing is like, the fact that I can do all this for a YouTube video, it was like unfathomable when I was growing up. Right. Like it's crazy to see like the kind of content that can be supported by YouTube. You know, like we, I think on that video we probably spent like four and a half million dollars making that. Yeah. Just on that between the bunker and the prize pool and everything. Yeah. And how Many shows can you have? Like, can you have a couple of things going like that at once? Yeah, we have to, I try to upload two videos a month. So we have to be working on six to eight videos at a time because these videos take months to pull off. So, because if we're only working on one at a time, then I'd only upload once every like three or four months.


And do you come up with most of the ideas yourself? Or do you have kind of a team when you guys kind of pull 'em? Yeah, so that's where, it's interesting because the ideas are incredibly important because like you, I do a lot of seven day challenges, right? I spent seven days beard alive. I spent seven days in solitary confinement. I seven days a cave underground city, seven days on island, blah, blah, blah. And then what's interesting is like you could do seven days buried alive. So me laying in a coffin for seven days, or you could do theoretically, right? I could lay in a bathtub for seven days, right? Both take the same amount of my time. Both are me just laying there. But the one in the bathtub isn't gonna get any views and no one gives a fuck the one of me laying in a tomb underground. Everyone will care. 'cause it's like fucking, what the fuck? This dude buried himself alive.


Yeah. So it like shows like the, theoretically it's kind of the same thing, but this idea is just in a different sitting environment and we'll probably get 10,000 times more views. And so it shows like the importance of the idea, if that makes sense. Like it's not views or success isn't just, isn't directly correlated with the effort you put in. A lot of it has to do with what is the overarching concept. And so once you kind of realize that you just, like, you're really obsessed with, with how do I come up with crazy cool original viral ideas. And so that's what I spent most of my teenage years obsessing over. And I used to do every single day I would brainstorm video ideas and I'd write 'em, write 'em down. And that's how I built, like, I have this like Google sheet with like 10,000 ideas on it.


It's ridiculous. I thought of trying to sell that to YouTubers at one point. 'cause there's so many there, I could never film 'em. But then after a while, now that things are, I've gotten so big and I have to like film 25, 28 days a month and I have all this stuff going on. I can't do an hour a day. So I hired people to do it for me. And then, you know, like once a week they'll just go, Hey, here's 200 really cool unique ideas. I'll flip through 'em. And you know, and they'll usually inspire something in my head. Because a big thing too is like, this is what, I've probably said this on podcasts before, but like, if there was a like a, a fruit in Africa that if you ate, you grew two feet taller and you didn't know that existed until I just told you right now. Right. You wouldn't have been able to brainstorm ideas around eating that fruit. But now that, you know, it exists, you could.


And so it's like very important to always be intaking new information and learning things because that's how you, you know, come up with more original creative stuff. Like, I, I noticed when I first started hiring people to like, you know, start brainstorming stuff for me that like after two months of someone doing this, you would just basically start getting the same ideas on autopilot, right? Like if a guy really likes basketball, you'll start to notice like, oh, 10% of his ideas have to do a basketball. Hmm. But it's not because basketball's like the greatest ideas or most viral thing. It's just 'cause that's what he watches. And so, you know, and you'll notice if someone watches baseball though, oh, now they conveniently have baseball ideas. And, and so what you want is you just wanna get someone who you just almost like want to make them constantly learn and absorb new information.


Listen to 10 different podcasts, right? One episode of each, not 10 of one. Listen, you know, watch every sport, not one. And you, you almost have to like, to train people to help you come up with good ideas. You have to just train them to watch a bunch of different content and absorb information and you'll see it come out in their ideas, if that makes Sense. So first of all, you'd find somebody who you like, okay, I like this, that this person comes up with ideas. Yeah. And then you'd be like, now I just need to have, I need them to encourage 'em to consume different things. Yeah. It's almost like an information ingredients, different ingredients to come out with a different cake or whatever. Exactly. Got it. Yeah. So you control their information diet by, you Know, information diet. Yeah. That's so wild. I, I mean, and that's, yeah. I mean, I, I obsess over things, so yeah, It's important. But That's, that's, that's been super helpful because yeah, it's just, that's how we, because a big part of getting a hundred million views theoretically on a video is, if any, you know, is it something someone has seen before or not?


Like, there's this Ted Talk I watched one time and he was talking about how, you know, if you're driving down the road, you should see a cow. You, you are probably not even gonna look at it, right? You who cares, you've see 'em all the time. But if you're driving down the road and there's a purple cow, you're gonna look like four times, you're gonna remember that. Like you're, you know, someone could ask you a year later and you'll be like, yeah, I saw a purple cow. And it's like, the only difference is it's purple and it's kind of the same way on social media, right? Like, if you're scrolling through videos and it's something you've seen before, not thing too crazy. It's just the, it's almost like you should visualize as like, that's the equivalent of someone seeing a cow. But if it's something they've never seen before, like you putting a bunker underground and two people living in it, that's, that is the equivalent of a purple cow on social media. Right? Like, how do I make something that Prince would drink milk out of, you know?


Wait, what'd you just say? Like, how do you make something that Prince would drink milk out of Prince, prince musician? What's his last name? Prince. Prince, Okay. You know, I'm talking about Prince from Minnesota. I, No. Oh, prince. I mean, I've heard the word Vic. Yeah. You know that song? He's a musician, but purple. He was like a purple guy. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. So like, how do you make this right? He's 2000 Princes. Right? But he's the, he's He's the one-on-one. Yeah, He's Prince. Gotcha, gotcha. Right? Like, that's what I'm saying. Like, how do you I gotcha, I gotcha. I'm saying the same thing you're saying. I think, you know. Yeah. So That's, that's a very important thing.


So anyways, it's just, if anyone watching, everyone wants to do social media per think, make your ideas the purple cow. Don't just be the cow. Yeah. You'll blend in. You know,


I like going to live events. I know that. And I know that right now I'm gonna actually gonna get my friends some tickets so we can go see the Bengals and the Steelers game as a gift, as a holiday gift for him. I'm excited about doing that. Gametime is where I'm gonna do it. Gametime, if you wanna go to sports, music, theater, comedy, anything you want to attend, Gametime helps you. Gametime has a new feature called Gametime Picks that makes getting tickets for your favorite live events even easier. That's right. So there's Bengal Steelers tickets. They're gonna f I'm Get Gametime will help me figure it out. They have all in pricing over there. Toggling this feature shows the total upfront with no surprise fees at checkout. Good. Thanks Gametime. Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with Gametime. Simply Download the Gametime app, create an account and use Code WEEKEND for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again, create an account and redeem code W-E-E-K-E-N-D for $20 off. Download Gametime today. What time is it? Gametime?


I'll tell you this. I Had Hadda subscription to a neck tie corporation or whatever, and every month they sent me to these dang neck ties, you know, ties for your neck centimeter. Yeah. I had, dang so many. I even, I don't even wear neck ties. I had enough of 'em. You could repel down a dang third story building side of it. And I was like, I gotta stop this. Thank you Rocket Money for helping me find that subscription that I didn't want. Rocket Money. It's a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Thank you. Rocket Money. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of over 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash theo. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/t HEO Rocket Money dot com slash theo.


This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. That's the truth Therapy. You know, we think about it sometimes some people think they don't need it. You'll figure it out yourself. Will you? How long are you gonna tell yourself that? You know, I would tell myself things for years. Oh, well this will get better in five years and it's the same in 10 years and it's the same now. I don't know. That therapy would definitely help, but nothing changes. If nothing changes, maybe something helps. That's the truth. You know, especially during the holidays, you, you're like, oh man, I still have the same issue that I had last year. Man, I wish I could have solved it this year or at least addressed it. Help, help talk about it with someone So I could show up a little differently for myself. Well, BetterHelp can help. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/ TE.


Like what are some common misconceptions about you or your work do you feel like? Oh, that's a good one. I, I would say the biggest one is I think people think we make content for kids and like, you know, but Ooh, that's a great one. Yeah, that's a great Answer. Yeah. And it's a lot of, because I've been famous, famous air quotes, I don't know, but for a while now. And I, the thing is when I was like in my young, like 20 years old, I'm 26 now, when I was like 20 or 21, I didn't have much experience with storytelling or, or like making these like videos with contestants and like how to like show what they were feeling or anything. So back then the videos came across a little like a DHD like fast-paced or whatever.


'cause I, it's not like I had Christopher Nolan as a father teaching me, I was just learning storytelling. I was, I was going, so a lot of my videos back then got a lot of views and like, same when I was like 22 or 23. But you know, the last three years we've really leveled up the storytelling and building characters and especially the last 18 months and gotten better at like, making content that, you know, people in their twenties and thirties would be like, whoa, this is like good and could enjoy. But because a lot of people haven't seen my newer videos and watched my older ones, they still think all my videos are like that. Ah. So they just kind of like push it up. So like when someone says like, ah, your videos are too a DH, D and I, you don't have any storytelling, I'll usually like show 'em like one or two of our newer videos, I was like, oh my God, this is great. And I was like, yeah, lemme guess you just haven't seen a video in two years.


They're like, yeah. And so that kind of is a, a, a little bit of a misconception I'm constantly fighting. Yeah. Is that you're still like this kind of just entertainment for kids or that you're, that your entertainment, your ability to entertain is also still junior. Yeah, exactly. And so, which obviously younger people watch the videos. Oh yeah. Agree. But I mean, I think like anyone, you know, could watch that bunker video and be like, whoa, this is just high quality entertaining stuff. It's not like you have to be Oh, I love that. Yeah. It's not getting The child inside of me liked it and the adult inside of me liked it. Exactly. You know? So that, that would be one. I guess the other misconceptions of, of it is like, I, we, I mean we, it looks like a lot of these videos just, you know, it, it just looks like me and the boys having fun because that's what I want it to look like.


I want to put the boys in an environment where they're just themselves and things like that. I think people think what I do is a lot easier than it is. Like, like these things are monster, monumental projects that are a pitch to fucking do. And it's like, you know, and you know, a hundred plus million people are gonna watch it and you know, like, so everything's just gotta be fucking great and perfect and, but we don't have years to do these things. We're trying to do what most people would do in a year, in two months. So it's like, it, you know, it is tight timelines and it's, it's just, we don't have the budgets of these giant studios or anything when we're doing these YouTube videos and it's just, it's, it's very, very difficult. You know what I mean? Like, I have hundreds of employees full time. You do, yeah. That depend on that YouTube channel, you know what I mean?


At MrBeast Productions. Yeah. I I I don't even know if we, I guess MrBeast Studios, MrBeast studio, but yeah, it's, it's just a lot of pressure because it's, yeah. It's just a lot of people depend on it, these, and it's, it's just absurd to think that I have all these employees and we're spending all this money and I just assume like the magical YouTube algorithm when I post this video, it's just gonna give it to a hundred million people every single time. Wow. And it's like, it's just like, that's a lot of stress. And it's like, it's a lot of people who, you know, watch the con. It's just a lot of everything. It's a lot of pressure, a lot of stress. And it's like, if I don't film then there's no video. So it's also not a typical business because you know, you can, and any other company you can replace basically anyone. Right. But you are the business.


Exactly. I am like, literally if I'm just like, yo, for the next month, I don't wanna film. I know the business is dead. You know what I mean? So it's like, it's Yeah. It's, I I, I wouldn't, I I, yeah, I just, it's a lot. It's just a lot. No, it seems like a lot. Yeah. But do you, did you know it was gonna be that much stress? Do you find that you like the stress? Like I remember even just for myself, right? Like we have responsibilities now. We do like six episodes a month now. Yeah. And at first I remember I could barely do one episode a week was tough and some weeks it still is. But then some days I'll go through and it's like, this just starts to feel easier. I start to kind of acclimate to where I am and then there's a part of my brain that's like, okay, well now what can we do?


But that same part of my brain is just the brain that, that forgets. Like, fucking, we barely just got to this place. Yeah. And are we even okay here? Right. So it's tough for me to like monitor the different parts of my brain, the one that wants to do more or try new things, and the one that also wants to make sure we're okay where we're at and not forget and be Happy. Right. Yeah. And be happy. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, yeah. So most of the time I work now it's like, I guess what my, my question is like, fuck, I don't know what it is, man. Do you know what it is? I get what you're trying to ask. It's like, how, how do you, which side of the ping pendulum are you swinging between being stressed and wanting to die constantly or like prioritizing being happy and, and like that basically. Yeah. And are you able to battle that?


Do you know, did you, you know, you were as competitive in and or do you think you're competing against like, the algorithm or you want people to see it? Like, you know, what is that thing that are you able to notice? Like, 'cause I don't even know sometimes what drives me to do things or even wanna learn more. Yeah. I would say I like you. I'm just incredibly, incredibly, incredibly competitive. I, I just love winning. And I, it's, the thing is, I think people have a misconception. They like try to put everyone, especially famous people in a box where it's like, this is what motivates them and this one reason why they do everything. And I, I believe you can be motivated by multiple things, right? Like, one thing that pushes me is the fact that, you know, a lot of my friends I grew up with worked for me. Right? And I don't want to ever have to fire them because we can't afford to pay 'em.


I I have people who, you know, moved across the world to come work for me. So, you know, that's one thing that motivates me, being able to provide for the people who risked everything. Another thing that motivates me is I just love entertaining people. And the fact that I get to entertain a hundred million people or 200 million people or whatever it is, like, I think our average videos are doing 200 million views in the first year. Like, I know that's a thing that won't last forever, right? I mean, that's like obvi at some point, you know, I'm not gonna be able to upload something and 3% of the humans alive are gonna watch it. You know what I mean? So part of it is I want to make sure I'm like taking advantage of the opportunity I have here. Yeah. 'cause this is like, I, what, and when I'm 40, I, I can't expect that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, and so that's one. And another one is like, it just, for whatever reason, it just is like built to my blood.


Like, this is just what I do like working is just what I live for. And like, I don't really know what else to do with my life. Like, it just, I'm just a machine that goes. And if I'm not working on something like stimulating and pushing and innovating, I just kind of get depressed. And like, I'm like, why am I alive? What am I doing? You know, Who do you get that from? Was your, was one of your folks you think? No, I've just kind of always been like this. My mom hates it. 'cause I don't really celebrate wins or anything. I just always grinding on things and yeah, I, I don't know. I think just some people are hardwired like that. And I, I think, but I, I, I think you just gotta be who you are. Like that. It just is who I am. But there's, there's other people who see my lifestyle.


'cause I've talked about it on podcasts and you know, a lot of creators want to be like me and, and then they end up scaling up bigger teams and they end up trying to do videos like me. And then they end up, they're find out they're miserable and they fucking hate it. And it's too much stress and pressure. And So I wouldn't, I wouldn't advise this for most creators, right? Like, I don't, I, like, I don't have work-life balance, So I just You don't work? No, I just, I mean, I'm like, there are some months where, you know, I film 28 days. Wow. You know, and I still have to run feasts. I still do, you know, film 28 days on the main channel. Then I, I film for our peace philanthropy channel. I still film stuff for TikTok because we have over a hundred million followers to TikTok. And I have to do stuff on Instagram. I still have to network and do these things. And it's, it's like, I mean it's basically if my eyes are open, I'm have to work.


It's, it's like, you know, I have a person whose job is just to help me basically write everything I want to accomplish on a whiteboard. I mean, it will take up the size of this wall. It's like all my trials and things I could be doing, things I should be doing, things other people need me to be doing. And then, you know, we will just go, in the next seven days, I'll circle all the things I wanna do ancillary on top of what naturally have to do. And, and then he'll just like schedule out basically every second my eyes are open. Wow. And the, and which is good because it helps me, I sometimes fall into a trap of being reactive. Like, you know, my content, you know, channel needs me to film this, this needs feast, wills needs me to do this and, but you know, you're never gonna achieve something great if you're just constantly like, like a ping pong ball being told what you need to do by your employees.


So occasionally you need to be proactive and do other things that, you know, people wouldn't think of and be a little bit more of a visionary. So doing that kind of helps make sure I'm prioritizing things correctly and things like that. Well it's interesting because in the beginning you're kind of working for yourself 'cause you're the creator, but then you build an audience and then you start to work for the audience in a weird way, right? Yeah. Yeah. And there's no judgment against that. But I just noticed that in my own life in the beginning, like I'd give anything to have an audience, you know? But it's more like me. It felt like me being me. But then it also starts to feel like you now, now you have the audience, now you have somebody to work for. Yeah. You, you, I, yeah. 'cause you technically couldn't just 180 and like, you know, 'cause if you did, you'd lose your audience. And so Yeah. I guess technically you're working, working for them in a way.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say, what did you learn about being a boss? Like, 'cause I never wanted to be like having any employees, right? Yeah. I never even wanted to be an employee. I didn't want to have any employees. I wanted to have pizza. You know, you Don't, sounds like the life. Yeah, Yeah. You don't what I'm saying. I want live in a park. But what I'm saying is, oh shit, hold on. I know what it is. I think that, what did you learn about yourself, like, about being a boss? Like I learned that if I don't show up in a comfortable way, then it's, it affects my, how my employees are. I've learned that I have to communicate better as to what I want or 'cause people don't just know what I want. Yeah, right. Those are some things that I've learned.


Learned the hard way kind of. Were there things that you've learned just about being a boss? Oh, I mean, of course because I went from one to, I think now across everything I employ over 400 people. So full time. So it's like, yeah, I mean that when I first started hiring people, I was, I was 19, so like, or not maybe even 18. So I was a teenager with no idea. I mean, yeah, you asked what I learned. I mean, at the start I literally went to, this is how stupid I was when I was a teenager. I literally went to a comedy club or whatever, comedy, tq, what was it? Comedy? It was just the open mic. Oh, oh, open mic. Yeah. TQ was one of the people I hired there. It's funny he's still here seven days later or seven years later. But I went to an open mic and I was just like, you know, I want my YouTube channel to be a little funnier, so I'm just gonna go hire some random comedians outta open mic.


So I just went to one and then I just was like writing on like a notepad every time they, they made me laugh, the comedians and then the ones that made me laugh the most. And I just afterwards went backstage and I was just like, yo, you want a job? You wanna help me make YouTube videos? And that's how I first started hiring. And then after that I went into like my local Best Buy, you know, like the electronic store. This I meant, it's fucking stupid. But I didn't know what I was doing. Like obviously if you wanna hire people, you should just go find production people or people with creative experience or whatever, not go into a local Best Buy. And I hired like seven people in my local electronic store. And So I have like this rag tech group of comedians and this rag tech group of people who sell fucking laptops. And I'm like, yo. And mixed in with some people I just hired from my high school.


And I'm like, and we're making these videos that are getting views and like, I'm scaling up and I'm like, you know, I'm like, guys, let's give my 3 million subscriber 3 million pennies. And we're, they're like, how the fuck do we get 3 million pennies? I'm like, I don't know. And we're just like, brute forcing shit. And I mean, it was an absolute dumpster fire. I didn't know what I was doing. 'cause I, I wish I Had Hadda mentor or something. But then after a while I realized, oh, maybe I should hire people who have a little bit of experience in this field, not laptop salesman and comedians. And over time we kind of, I started to figure out and But You stayed in motion it sounds like too though. Oh yeah. Like, Oh yeah. You kept, you were like, this is how I do I need something funny. I'll go to a place that has funny. Yeah. I need a guy who can, you know, sell refrigerators, but talk about also iPods.


Right. I'll go to a Best Buy. Right? Yeah. The Best Buy's the dumbest thing I've ever done in my life. That's pretty crazy because Some of these people just smoking weed. Yeah. I'm wearing a shirt. They're not even clocked in. Yeah, it was, it was Like wearing a blue Shirt. It was not the high Yeah. The highest quality people. Yeah. One of them ended up being a convicted felon too. And I, I didn't even realize that when I hired them, but Oh yeah, yeah. So I was just like, oh, you know, if Best Buy hired them, I'm sure they do. They're fine. Yeah. Yeah. I, I didn't realize I was supposed to do background checks when I was a teenager. Obviously we do that now. But yeah, I mean, everything, I, I didn't know how payroll worked or taxes. I didn't know, I didn't know what A CFO was or bookkeeping. So it is just like a lot.


And I just Had Hadda learn it through trial and error. But this, we have an audience the whole time, so it's not like I can just pause things and then like go, oh, let me just get rid of all these best buying comedians and replace 'em for real people. So I have to keep filming. But these videos we're filming are videos no one's ever done before. So these are really complicated things that are constantly going wrong. Like, I think back then, like one in three videos I filmed just like, I didn't like it, So I scrapped it or it got fucked up when we were filming it or whatever because like it was, these were just big spectacles and we just didn't have the team for it. And I was reinvesting everything. And like, there was one time where I, like, I accidentally overspent and we, we were like negative $200,000. That's a lot. Yeah. My mom was like losing her fucking mind and I was like, it's fine mom, I'll just, next month I think we'll make like, you know, 200 grand or whatever and I'll just like spend a little less and we'll, we'll dig outta this hole.


Like, she Hated it because she was helping with the finances. Well that, but we just didn't have money growing up. Yeah. And so like, like when, when I wanted to, like when I think one month we made like a hundred thousand dollars and she was like very adamant. She's like, just put 20% away, just let me build a nest egg, this and that. And I was like, no, actually I was thinking of just giving like a hundred thousand dollars to Twitch streamers. I think that'd be a good video. People would like, and she's like, she like for 10 hours straight was like, why not give him 80,000? It's like, because like, and this is where I, I'm a lot better at communicating now than I was back then. I was like, I mean you're talking like, this is a guy who grew up with pimples, didn't communicate much, sat in this room and fucking worked on YouTube videos and obsessed over, you know, business and entrepreneurship where everyone else just wanted watch South Park.


And So I, I didn't relate to anyone. So my social skills, like skills were negative 10,000. So I, I was horrible at communicating things. So I'd just be like, and like in hindsight's kind of obvious, but at the time, like there's a huge language barrier between me and my mom because all that existed in this brain was make the best videos possible. You know, and she didn't fully get that. And like that was, that was it. I was, I was a robot that, that, that is what I live for. And I was a, I was not a human at that time. And So I was just like, if we made a hundred grand, why would I not spend the a hundred grand on videos? Right. And she'd be like, put some away. And I was like, but if I put it away, I would just spend it on other videos. So why can't I just spend it on videos now? Yeah. And we would just do that for hours every single day. You're like, If I put away 20 grand, you know that I'm only gonna be able to make 80% of the best video I could make at that time.


You always Just Ire not gonna do That. Be like, why am I putting the money away? Right. I was like, mom, To not make a good video. Yeah, Exactly. I was like, mom, my rent is like $350 I the car's fine. Yeah. I was like, why do we need to put away? And she's, she'd just be like, and but, and I also didn't fully realize this, but you know, she would even get trauma to like 2008 when they lost everything and went bankrupt and so she was like big. Exactly. We gotta save something. Yeah, exactly. But yeah, so that, that's what would make it intense. And I didn't fully understand it at the time either, so it would like get her to the point where she would cry because I would reinvest everything and she just like didn't want what happened to her in 2008 to happen to me. And I just like, didn't care at all. Didn't even understand it. I just like, mom, wow.


Trust me videos. And so that hap that was a thing for a very long time, but eventually she got to the point where she's like, you know what, I'll just trust you. And that's when, that's when things got great. 'cause then like it helped my relationship with her a lot. 'cause she started stressing less and she just believes, you know, I got it. She's Like, Jimmy, you'll figure this out. Exactly. And like, yeah, Mr. Be's Sun Beast. Yeah. When shit happens she just goes, I know you'll figure it out. I'm like, thanks. Like no need for you to cry or freak out. Like, I got this. Wow. Did you ever do something nice for your mom? Something, did you guys ever go to a concert together or something? What do you, y'all like to do anything together Right now? I don't really like kid any time off. So I, we joke like in, in 10 years, all the things we'll do when like things kind of cool off.


Oh yeah. But no, we, she, she gets it. She, she actually sent me a message like, I think it was like four days ago, like a really long message saying how like she's very grateful that she still gets to work with me and do things with me. And how like most people in my position were like push their mom away. But we, we do a lot of our bonding is like doing work stuff and things like that because it's like, then it's like something I truly care about. You know what I mean? Like if we went to a concert, like she would see through that facade, she would know I'm not doing that because I care just doing it to like check a box. So, but when we work together it's like genuinely fulfilling and it's cool to like She likes to work too. Yeah. Well it, the stuff she was doing when we're building the visits, no that was very stressful. Now we have it to stuff that's a little more chill and where it's fun.


Like, you know, we have hundreds of employees that have divvy cards and all these things and so we have a lot of bank accounts, you know, how do you know, you know, someone's not just stealing money. Of course. Yeah, for sure. So who else can you trust besides your mom to control the master accounts? Because at some point there's a master key of someone who could, I mean, if they wanted to just withdraw a million dollars and just fucking run to Mexico, right? Yeah. You know, so like, that's like a really big thing that I count on my mom just to like manage the accounts and make sure there's no fraud and stuff like that because I, I don't fucking know like, and things like that. But yeah, it's, it's been a, it's been a fun journey and so I'm very grateful for my mom. It's kind of crazy that like mom's just put 18 years of their life just pouring everything into building up this Oh yeah.


This human and and It's a risk dude. Yeah. You like this human and most humans look up most humans or whatever, Wait, most humans they, It's, you know, it's a shaky business just being a human. I know. And then they just unleash you in the wild and then you just move on and it's like, it's just wild. It's Really a crazy premise, you know? Yeah. 'cause I'm thinking about how like, you know, when I, I love to spoil my mom 'cause I'm like, you just like gave everything for 18 years, especially after 2008 and all this stuff, you know, worked multiple jobs just So I could like at the time what you thought was just be a brat and work on YouTube videos and you thought, you know, just basically it almost would've seemed my, my purpose in life was to make you as miserable as possible, yet you kept raising me and didn't give up on me.


And it's like, So I think of that and then I'm like, fuck, I need to spoil my mom. Yeah. Because like, you know, like I think of a different parallel universe where I'm not in this position. It's like, damn, I would never have been able to like repay her for all that time. Spoiler as much. Yeah. Yeah. Or spoiler as much. There's been recently, like in the news and stuff, I'm not as abrupt on it, but there was like, they were trying, it seemed like they were trying to like poke holes in you guys' company and stuff. Yeah. But a lot of it, like there were, I dunno if there was like different allegations and stuff against Yeah. I if it was against you or your company, but none of it, the it, from what I've seen, there was never, there was never any like validity to it.


Yeah. Right. Do you believe that there was actually something going on at your company that was bad? Yeah. Or do you believe that other people, like at a certain point if your company's doing so well that other companies are outside dark interests, get upset and try to lead like reporters or create like a negative buzz? Is that a crazy question Sense? Sense? No, it's accurate. It's, the thing is, again, I have hundreds of employees that I employ full time, but I've also hired hundreds of people in the past and sometimes like, you know, sometimes we have hundreds of contractors just working on singular videos. 'cause the sets are so big. So we work with lots of people. It's impossible for there never to be anything negative, you know, that's why you have Oh yeah.


HR Percent HR and things like that. So, no, I mean, it, it would, it'd be crazy to say there's never been any issues where no one that's ever worked for me has ever been unhappy or, or you know, one employee's never said anything, you know, dumb to some other employee that made them want to complaint or things like that. So, but I think the thing is it's just obviously completely blown outta proportion. Like that's not a thing that's just particular to us. Any company with hundreds of employees, obviously there's gonna occasionally be something someone says is something that's inappropriate or something that's not ideal. But that's where when we're made aware of it, we obviously have HR look into it or if it's something serious, we'll bring in an outside third party, have 'em look into it and just tell us what to do. You know what I mean? Yeah. And it's weird for you because Yeah.


If, if something happens at Nike, then it's like, there's an issue, there's something happened at Nike. Yeah. But if something happens at a production company and you're are basically the, you Exactly. The business, then a lot of it probably just feels it's, Yeah. And like I have people unemployed that I've never met in my life. I probably never will. I mean, 'cause we just have so many people and some of them don't work in my hometown and things like that. So Yeah. I mean, the answer is like, yeah, it's absurd to think that, you know, hundreds of people or sometimes over a thousand when we scale up contractors working together all these hours, that there'll never be any issues. And yeah, all I can really do is make sure I'm not creating an environment where we're influencing that, which we're doing our best. And like, and then when those kinds of things happen, just bring in someone to look into it and just be like, yo, tell me what to do because I'm a fucking YouTuber.


You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. You know, if someone says something like, you know, Hey there darling, or whatever, and then someone, that person feels like that was inappropriate. Like I don't wanna be the judge of that. I want to, I don't want someone in my company to be the judge of, I wanna bring someone in and be like, yo, talk to them. Gather the facts and you tell me what I'm supposed to do. Yeah. Which is what we do. And that's all I, I really can't do, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It would seem like, God, it would just seem like so much stuff is out of your hands when it's gotta be tough when you're a creator, you know, because you want to be, do every, you know, you kind of wanna do everything and have it as a business scales. It's kind of tough because you can't, you know, what else did I wanna ask you about? Oh, I wanted to ask you about Oh, he is got the flashcards. Sorry dude. No, no, it's cool. I went as long as I could Without, That's about, that was a long for me.


So, yeah, like you've had, like we were talking earlier about like philanthropy. So you had like, you've taken plastics out of the ocean. Yeah. Right. You've put help people with eyesight. You put the water, you've done water wells in Africa or Yeah, Zambia. Oh yeah. In Africa. In Africa. Well, it's all across Zambia, Africa or Africa. Did you, like what is, is, is there like a overall goal of like a big crazy vision you see for the future of like some sort of philanthropic idea? For us? Or just in general? Yeah, just in general. It could be anything. Well, the thing I've been focusing most of my time on in that area recently is yum.


So for feast fuels, obviously chocolate is made of cocoa. There's a lot of unethical stuff that goes on on cocoa farms. I don't know if you're aware of that Live child labor? I Look, I've used, yeah, it depends on what kind of farms we're talking about, but I, yeah, yeah. Well and there's some definitely. Yeah. In West Africa, like, so mo majority of the world's cocoa comes from Cote Var Ghana. It's like, I believe like 70% of the world's Coco and like Tiana Co Cova. Cota Vara Co Cote. Yeah. Cote Var. Yeah. Covar. Yeah. And then Ghana, they're on the left. Oh, and Ghana, Kote, VA and Ghana. Yeah. Yeah. Two countries. They're on the left side of Africa. Oh yeah. Kinda like where the round part right there, it is like the perfect place to go grow cocoa. And so, but 46% of the labor on farms there, which is where almost all the cocoa in the world comes from, is child labor.


So it's like pretty, pretty like just a lot of things going on there. And so that's where I've been focusing a lot of my attention. 'cause obviously we need a lot of cocoa for feasts. And so we used to get our cocoa from Peru, which you ethical sourcing is not as big of a problem over there. And we use a lot of family owned farms and blah, blah, blah. But the thing is, there's not enough cocoa comes from Peru to supply big chocolate. And I wanted to show, like, so saying I ethically sourced my cocoa from Peru doesn't really prove anything because big other chocolate companies will just go, okay, but we can't do that. There's not enough cocoa in Peru. So like that doesn't count. It's not possible to ethically source cocoa in West Africa. So, and I knew at feast, oils kept growing.


Eventually we'd have to switch over there. So this past year we switched our supply chain over there and we've been just working with the, have you ever heard of Tony Chalon? Probably not Tony Chalon. Yeah. No. And is it a real person? Okay. Well it's a reporter who went like super deep in exposing like the chocolate industry and chocolate. Really interesting guy. Yeah. Yeah. And then, but, and he was like, and no, no chocolate companies would ethically source their cocoa. And he kept exposing them and none of 'em were anything. Let's tell him, would he, would he be a cool guest do you think? Yeah. Yeah. He would, he'd be awesome. Wow. It sounds crazy. I didn't know those was bad chocolate out there. Yeah. So he started his own chocolate company to prove that you could ethically source it. And he called it Tony's chocolate only because it's the lonely Oh yeah. Chocolate Brand. I've seen those. Yeah. Badass Baller company. And so I've been working with them to figure out how we can also ethically source our, our chocolate because they're, they're the only ones really doing it.


Clean cocoa dude. Yeah. So we are built a supply chain with them. And so like ev all our farmers for Fair Trade certified and we pay our farmers a living income. 'cause a big reason why there's child labor is because farmers in West Africa just don't make enough money. So it like, that is like if you're to rank the issues, like the number one issue is just income. Like they just can't even afford to hire adults. Yeah. You know, they don't make enough. So what they do and what we're doing for feast wills is we pay, there's a living income reference price where they basically look at the cost of bread, the cost of living, cost of inflation, blah blah blah. And they go, if a farmer were to sell you a metric ton of beans, if they don't get paid this number, then they won't be able to make a living income.


They won't be able to live. Which then means they'll be forced to use child labor. Because if not, it's like they're, that's the only way they'll be able to survive. Right. So they need So they have to have children working. Yeah. So they need to make, and I'm paraphrasing this in mile high stuff, but they need to make this theoretical number, which is living in income reference price. And so that's what we guarantee our farmers. So they'll, if like they theoretically sell us the cocoa, a metric ton of cocoa for less than that, we'll pay a premium on top and be like, no, here's extra money. This is what you need to make so you can actually live. Mm. But you know, we don't want child labor on the farm so We'll, we'll guarantee you'll you'll make this much. But they're, I don't wanna see fucking 9-year-old Timmy on the cocoa farm. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. So that's like the big thing.


And then we do, like, they have farm coaches that, 'cause another way to help farmers make more money is not just pay them more, but it's also help them get more yield out of their farms. Yeah. So they have coaches that will help counsel them and, you know, theoretically try to help 'em get five or 10% more yield outta the same hectares. They have kids yield some supplies. It's like very, like, all about getting it. 'cause it's, it's an income problem for a lot of them. Why they're using child, child labor. Like you could go to the farm and be like, stop using child labor, but if they can't afford, If they can't survive, Yeah. If the family can't eat. If the kids don't exactly work. Yeah. So That's, that's been a, a big journey. I actually spent recently a week in Ghana just going through the whole supply chain. So I worked on the farm farm, you know, and then you laid the crack, the pods laid out to dry and then saw like the, where they dry and then where they store the beans.


And even how like the government, like does QC on the beans went through the whole thing all the way to the ship just to like, so this has been the last year of probably like a good fucking chunk of my time has been going to like figuring out ethical sourcing with them because it's, it's very like, it's very expensive, you know? So I just wanna make sure we're doing it right and Yeah. Yeah. And also that's a way of, that's a really a big form of philanthropic itself because, you know, just teaching these people how to do, how to have more success in their own lives. I mean, that kind of stuff is huge. Yeah. You teach one person in an area and then they can be a leader and teach other people. It's like you don't even realize kind of the residual effect. Well The bigger thing is Effects of that. You Know, I, I hope to like, I hope to get it where if feast oils keeps growing, where we can be like, look, we're a big chocolate company and we're ethically sourced and we're profitable, so then we can look at other big chocolate companies and go, you have no excuse.


Right. Right. Now they can all just say it's impossible. You don't understand, you know, you don't have scale at companies our size. This is like, this is a fairytale dream, but 'cause no one's doing it. Right. You know, that's actually doing serious revenue. So if we can get to that point where theoretically we're selling a billion dollars a year of chocolate and it's ethically sourced and it's profitable, then like they have no game changer. Excuse. Exactly. Yeah. And so like, 'cause there's over a million kids in child labor and on Cocoa Farms in West Africa right now. No way. Yeah. And like Feast Worlds itself is not gonna be able to get all a million out. But if we could theoretically get tens of thousands of kids out of child labor and then use that in my, you know, platform and stuff like this to bully everyone else, then hopefully that can create a snowball that gets hundreds of thousands of kids outta child labor. I love that, that yeah.


Big chocolates going down, boy, I like that. We'll see, I mean it's just, I hate Three Musketeers. I'll say it out loud. And when people eat 'em, and I'll say this, when people eat 'em, I judge 'em. No comment. I don't wanna get sued. Yeah. I'm just saying I don't like 'em. Yeah. He does not like Three Musketeers. And I can say that. Can I? Yeah, you Could say that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like 'em. I could say I don't like Three Musketeers either. Not because of anything, just I don't like, Oh no, I don't know any of their behaviors. Exactly. I don't what they're doing before they mail it to me or whatever. I don't like it. I never have liked it. Yeah. And I don't even believe in it. Yeah. Which is also a way that I feel about it. Like when I open it up, I don't even, I don't even believe in it. And paydays the nuts aren't any good in them anymore.


And they were better when my mom Yeah. Paydays. I feel like if they, if they had like a little more saltiness, a little more nuts, those things would be the bomb. Yeah. It's, it's a little, the the chewy stuff in the middle is just a little too overpowering now. I agree. Yeah. Paydays are like so close to being a phenomenal product. Yep. And the nuts used to be a little more, they had more edges on 'em. They looked like more nuts. Yeah. I, I, bro, I relate. I Had Hadda payday recently. I thought the same thing. I was like this like fucking shit in the middle. It's just not, there's no flavor. Yeah. I want more fucking salt. It Fell off for me. And I don't know, when my mom used to get 'em, sometimes it would be like a special thing that she would get, but she would let us watch her eat 'em. I'm gonna tell you this. Did you, have you ever dealt with, like you, you're so big on YouTube. Do you ever deal with sanctions and stuff on there? Have you Had Hadda deal with that? Is that a conversation you have with them Sanctions?


Like, or do are they say like you can't do certain things? Like do you have to like submit all your videos and, and like go through a process like that? Well, Can we even talk about that? No, We can, we can talk about the, okay. The conspiracy theorists are gonna run away with this. But a lot of, there's a, when there's like a higher ad, what is it? When you get bigger, there's like a Google preferred or whatever where it's like for bigger advertisers, like Coke or whatever, like premium advertisers, they wanna make sure they're not advertising on, you know, bad content. So like for bigger channels, YouTube, if they'll review your video before it goes up just to make sure it's clean and you're not just like saying Hitler a thousand times Yeah.


To make sure it's good for bigger advertisers. So they review it for that. But they do that for I believe, thousands of creators right now. Which, you know, but you don't have to do that. It just helps you get higher ad rates. But no, I mean I just post whatever, they don't know what I'm doing or anything and they're, they're pretty chill. Like Do you think they're in a tough position With what, Just like having to set up parameters for different videos and like the effect that it could have on certain people in that sort of thing. Like I think I always just think about it from my perspective. I'm always like, well we're upset. You know, sometimes like, oh, they'll make us take a joke or this joke or this sort of thing. They may not, you know, well You, the thing is they're not making you take it out. They're just saying if you don't take it out, you won't get higher ad rates. That's a good point. Think of Any brand that spends a billion dollars a year marketing, that's them saying, Hey YouTube, if they, here's, if any of these things are in a video, we don't wanna be on it and YouTube just going, Hey, take this out.


Or we can't put these premium ads on you. Right. Which I think makes perfect sense. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Sometimes I only look at it from my perspective. I'm not able to look at it from like, oh, also yeah. This is a platform where they allow us to put our stuff up. Exactly. And then so they also are trying to do business as well. Yeah. You know, what else do we have here? We're almost done. I mean, we can keep going. I'm having fun. You, You don't drink. Right. I've maybe drank like five times in my life. I don't like the way it makes me feel. It's like, Is it out of control that it makes you feel, you think? No, it just like, well, So I didn't drink alcohol until I was like 23 or 24. I wanted to stay the fuck away from it. 'cause I have a very addictive personality. So I, my goal was to go my entire life without ever drinking alcohol. But then I was like with Logan Paul one time, or I was at, I was at a casino.


Oh yeah. GA gambling and then Logan Paul was there and then he was like, let's hang out. And then was It a UFC fight or something? I don't even remember. It might have been like Floyd Mayweather versus Conor McGregor or something. Oh yeah. I don't know. But So I was like, okay, let's, we can gamble together and then we're walking to like the tables and he stops by a club. He's like, let's just go in here. It'll be one minute. I was like, oh my God, I fucking hate clubs. They're so boring. So I go in there one minute, turns into like two hours and I'm just so fucking bored and I just caved. I was like, okay, I need to just drink. And I'd never drank in my life, but I'm like, something, I need something. I'm dying. Yeah. Some a lot of people need to drink to be around the pause. Yeah. So that's when I, like, that was the time I did it. And then I was just like, oh, I just kind of like feel weird, but it's not a happy weird, it's just like, this is, I, I just don't like it.


And then you don't dig it. Yeah. Yeah. I think people, I think it's getting less and less popular in the world kinda. Especially with like younger generations. It's just like, they just think it's kind of dumb. Yeah. Just, I don't know. It, I, I, I dunno how to describe it. It's like, it just makes me feel stupid and like, but not a good stupid, it's not like a happy stupid, it's like, it just dumb like a waste of time. Yeah. I've definitely, I've done a lot of that In July, you tweeted if you were to lower the age for president that you might run. Do you still think that ever? No, no, no. I, I mean, I, I might when I'm older, but not, no. If they lowered it, that was mostly a joke. Just because I knew people would freak the fuck out and talk about it and it worked.


Yeah. Be me. But I would, if I were to, if would probably be like when I'm like 50 or 60. 'cause I would need to like a accomplish everything I want in business and stuff and then probably take like 10 years and I'd have to go be like a, do something at the local level and then the state level and work my way up. But yeah, we'll see. But There could be potentially a president beast. You never know. Oh yeah. One, 100%. Yeah. You never know. Especially after you learn a lot. Do you, has Elon ever reached out to you to do something cool together? 'cause I, I mean you guys, at a certain point you guys are both like pioneers in certain Yeah. Schools of thought and, and, and certainly creative folks. Yeah. I mean he's pioneering. Taking us to Mars electric cars, talking with your phone through your brain, digging tunnels, fixing traffic, you know, getting rid of a trillion dollars of waste in the government now and this and that.


And I'm pioneering funny videos. Yeah. So I, I dunno if I'd put those in, but, but kidding. But he, yeah, we, we bumped into each other at the Super Bowl. Said hi, I, I, I don't even, I think he asked me do, do, do I think people call it call X Twitter still or do people call it X? And I was like, yeah. Most people call it Twitter. I've noticed. He's like interesting. I think that was kinda like the gist of it. Yeah. And then, but outside of that, no, not really. I mean, I'm in talks with people at SpaceX and even cooking ideas and things like that, but not Elon himself. Yeah, Yeah. We tried to ask if we we could interview those.


The two people stuck up in that. Oh my Gosh, that'd be crazy. I wanted to be the first one. 'cause people were like, who, who you wanna get on your podcast? And they're like, anybody. And I was trying to think, who could you not get? Like, oh, somebody who's not on earth. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's who you gotta get. Yeah. That would be sick. Somebody just loitering or whatever, you know. And I love how they're not aliens, but any, yeah. It's like, alright. Do You think you could get Elon on here one day? Do You think it good? I think maybe, yeah. They just, they offered to send me a starlink if I want to get one So I might get one. Are you using 'em? Oh yeah. Starlink is amazing, bro. When you're in fucking Zambia in the middle of nowhere, that's the only one. Oh, it's starlink in Antarctica was amazing. Wow. Like Antarctica, you're in the middle of nowhere. And I mean literally the furthest from human civilization on the planet and yeah, you can get internet.


It was, it was such a phenomenal product. Did you see anything cool? Like you need, because a lot of people say Antarctica that they're hiding secret stuff up there. That there's that kind of energy. Oh Boy. Yeah. Antarctica. You should go to Antarctica at some time in your life. It is. Oh, I would love to go up there. Pulling me up there. So there's like a, there's you, you go to South America. Oh yeah. And you get on a Boeing 7 47, like an actual, like commercial plane. You Go to South America. Yeah. You go all the way to like the very bottom like of Chile because Antarctic is at the bottom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you board like a commercial plane, like you're flying like fucking Delta here. And it just starts flying and you just, you fly over the ocean and then you see just this, just endless abyss of white snow and mountains and you just keep flying deeper and deeper and deeper into it.


And then you just see there's just fucking ice runway. I mean it's the sketchiest thing you'll ever see in your life. And it just lands this commercial airliner there. I, I had no idea of any of this going into it. I kind of went into it pretty raw. And you get off, it's just this janky little like ladder thing type E it's, they, no, yeah. Go down one image right there, that one click on it because they have to brush all the snow off. Yeah. That's what you land on. Wow. Just ice. And then, then that's not the one we went to. But then there's just this research facility where there's like three big tents that researchers work out of. And then there's like a hundred tents that they all live out of. So there's no actual terminal? No, because there it like, so the time we're the, it's like sun 24 7, but then there's like these intense winters, like three or four months a year where it's like dark and you can't be there.


So they have to pack everything up and lead. You can't leave anything behind. So it's like a temporary thing. And so we get out and there's all these researchers doing experiments and cool shit. And I'm just like, Hey, I'm here to film a video. So, and then a snow. So we were supposed to just be there for like two days or three days or whatever, but a snowstorm hits. So what we were gonna do is just go out in a random direction and then just set up a camp in the middle of nowhere in Antarctica and try to survive for 50 hours. Oh yeah. But there was an intense snowstorm. So we're just, we Had Hadda sit in these research facilities and wait 'em out. And one of them was so crazy. It's like this tent with like door and it like flew the door, flung it open. It was so intense that we Had Hadda like tie, like pull the door shut.


'cause it was like, like barreling snow. And, and I'm like, my God, I think we're gonna die. Like, it was crazy. They're like, we haven't Had Hadda storm like this in a while. And like you have like all these little tents that you live in and like the big communal tents for the, where everyone hangs out and stuff. And the little tents, like we Had Hadda build like actual snow walls around our tent because there's so much wind blowing that like, our tents would've got swept away. So we Had Hadda, I Had Hadda barricade. The, I'm like, this is just the normal thing. They're like, yeah, that's just what happens. And so you're like building a wall around your, your, you know, metal pole reinforced tint that you're gonna sleep in. And like when the winds would pick up at night, I'm, I'm like, fuck. It's like, is my tint just gonna fly off? Like, and There's nowhere to run to, right?


Nowhere. Yeah. You just run to the bigger tint. But it's like, it was crazy, you know. And also in Antarctica probably it's like you can't pee or shit in the snow or anything. Oh. Like, 'cause you can't leave anything behind. Like that's massively illegal. And so everything ev all your waste and stuff you have to store and carry and hold and that kind of stuff. Fly back with it. Well they, they will, but you'll just put it in like, like a piss tank where they'll hold onto it. Oh, okay. And the shit in the ship bag that they like this big shit thing they had. But also you get snow blindness because there's, everything's white and the sun reflects. So you have to wear glasses when you go outside or you'll literally blind you. Which was like, that was crazy. Yeah. Imagine First of all, you're almost blind. Can't shit.


Yeah. Well, so you wear glass, these like tinted Glasses. Whatcha even doing dude. But bro, it's, it's like you're 80 years Old. It's so beautiful though. It's like crazy to just see you're just in the middle of nowhere. It feels like you're on a different planet. And it was like, sometimes you just walk outside and you just walk in a direction and you just see nothing anywhere. And it was, it was awesome. Is there a zoo or anything like that? No, there's nothing there. Is there any No animals. Nothing. No roads or nothing, huh? No, there's literally nothing there. I mean, and like, so after the snowstorm calmed down, we just went out like got on these like little skis or things. Oh yeah. Went, went far away. But this is where it gets scary because there's creve crevasses and ravines and things like that.


So you could be walking and then just fall a hundred feet and die. Right. Because there's like, the snow could have like slightly piled up over like a hundred foot gap in between the ice or things like that. So you have to have like this device go on in front of you that checks to make sure there's not just like a giant hole you're gonna fall in. No. And you have to mark everything. So we go out in this random direction, scan everything, and then we scanned like this little, like a hundred foot square foot perimeter put up flags. And it's like, guys, if you walk across those flags, there's a chance you'll fucking die. So boys stay within this unless we scan more areas. And then, yeah, we just started setting up tents raw dog in it, in the middle of nowhere Antarctica, far away from the re research facilities. And it was, it was a fucking awesome experience.


And then there's this mountain that, that no one had any records of someone climbing. So we climbed this pretty tall mountain. And


So I got to name it, which I, I named it Shopify 'cause they sponsored the video and helped make the whole thing happen.


But yeah, so, but like, it was crazy man climbing up this mountain and I just, I had no idea how we did that. I I was, it was, can can you pull it up? Just like go to the 50 hours in Antarctica? Is it nice? Like, and there's no people, there's not like antarctican. You can't go to a bar or nothing there. There's nothing. No, There's literally nothing. Like there's, there's research facilities. So Do you think there's crazy stuff going on down there? Like they say there's a lot of, No, I don't think there's anything I didn't, I yeah, that So you look at that, wow. It's fucking crazy. Yeah, we were deep in there And it's super cold, huh? Yeah. It depends on the time there. There. Well, so the problem is like when you move around and you have so many layers, you start to heat up and then you take the clothes off and then you get really cold.


Yeah. So you look where we went to. Is there a chance that at one point it was thawed out and it was a normal land and we'll be able to explore it one day and we just don't know? Or that's complete? Nothing. Well There's, it's not straight. Like those are real rocks and stuff, so it's ice on top of stuff. So yeah, there is land and Wow, it is crazy that Way. Oh my god, bro. Yeah. Look at that snow storm we got hit with. So this is after we left the research facility and now we're going to set up camp and like Yeah, those, those are the goggles you have to wear to not go blind. And then right here is where it's like A human Iditarod kind of. Oh, that's the island. That's the mountain you named. No, no, that's just flat around. Yeah. Yeah. The mountain's behind us over there. Yeah. And then this is us setting over a tents and just, I mean we're just a bunch of stupid kids.


I don't, I don't know how we pulled this off. Yeah, you could have lost a kid. Easy. Well yeah, obviously we Had Hadda safety expert there, but Yeah. But yeah, obviously that Then just skip ahead like to towards the end where you see me climbing up the mountain, it's probably a, yeah, I don't know. Maybe after this or before I just wanted to see or Yeah. And that's just an ice thing You're in. Yeah. Keep going to the left. Is that a big glue? No, that's it. The tent, but it's metal reinforced. Yeah. To the right A little bit. Yeah. Right there. Just hit it, right click a a couple or double tap. Yeah. So look at this right here. This is us climbing up the mountain. Look at those views. It's fucking gnarly. Oh, Shopify Mountain.


Yeah. I did an ad read. I was like, what's, what's the most interesting time I can do an ad read? And I was like, where people wouldn't click off. I was like, you know, while I'm climbing this mountain, it'll probably be more interesting. Do you think you'll get to do a video with Kim Jong-Un ever? I mean Like a game show to help some of his citizens? I feel like they would think it's Western propaganda. I don't think they would let me, you know, when I first started uploading in China, they were like, they called me like a American capitalist or whatever, whatever. I post my, like we posted to our videos that like got views. They're like, this am American, you capitalist.


So we start, So I stopped posting the videos where we give away money and just more like the challenge videos. And then they're like, oh, this is cool. Oh, so So they just don't like the money as the goal? Yeah. I don't know. They don't wanna inspire. They don't want their people to see that. I Don't know what the logic was, but I just noticed that a lot in the comments. So I was like, okay, let me just switch up what I'm posting over here. What do you watch on tv man? You watching anything? What am I watching? Do, do, do I am About to Start Penguin That I haven't The HBO show. I haven't started that yet. Oh Yeah, I haven't seen that yet either. I was on the list for tonight. Honest, honestly. I'm watching Beast Games. Like I've probably watched that episode we watched earlier a hundred times To give still notes on it and Think of things Yeah.


Notes. But I've also, now I just get enjoyment out of watching other people watch it because that, that episode's mostly locked. But I'm like so good Man. Yeah. I've watched like maybe 30 people watch it. So it's like my, my like guilty pleasure is just watching like what other people watch my show. Yeah. So that's, It's awesome. And to know that it's more for adults, it's like you still, I think you're right. I think you were perfectly right. Like when you think about MrBeast, it's like you, you, there's a part of you that still thinks part of it's for children and it is for children. Yeah. But it's also for everyone. But Beast Games is definitely for everyone. Yeah. I mean it it it's the most aged up, mature stuff we've ever done. And I just, I just can't wait man. 'cause we spent over a year working on that. I told you how much money we spent on, it was so much time and effort And like the YouTube videos you make and then you upload two months later to sit on this for so long.


Yeah. And we have 10 episodes of a film. It's like just to put it out in the world will just fucking awesome. God fucking damnit. I can't wait. So you're, so that's something that, that excites you just to see people see It. Yeah. Oh, I'm so excited. I'm so, because most people have no idea what it is and the ones that are gonna watch it and they're just, they're, I feel like their minds are just gonna be so it's fucking blown The fact you told me everybody's on their own individual platform. And how many platforms Were there? A thousand towers. Yeah. That's crazy bro. Yeah, I Had Hadda build a thousand of those and then a thousand hy, well we needed 3000 hy hydraulic presses or whatever they're called to open 'em and 3000 hydraulics and it's like to build those and then a thousand foam pits and a thousand crash pads.


And then we Had Hadda rig up a thousand lightings and a thousand GoPros. And then to build all that and then the screens on the side and I mean even just $5 million of real money having that there and all that stuff and then building the sets. It's, and that's just one of the 10 episodes, you know what I mean? So we Had Hadda do that 10 times, built up fucking city name one show who has just gone, okay, this field build enough housing for 500 people, build a sports facility, build two massive five story towers, build a helipad, build this, build that, build that and make it look good in a wall. Yeah. Closest thing I can think is that Angola Prison Rodeo. Have you ever heard of that? It's down in, no, outside of Baton Rouge. I mean it's not like what you were talking about, but it's like they put on a pretty good event once a year down there and the prisoners are do the rodeo and Wait what?


Yeah. See Angola Prison Rodeo, Angola Prison Rodeo. Pretty awesome if you're into that kind of stuff. But yeah, you would probably, you would definitely be able to do this way better. But just letting you know there's a little bit of competition out there. Wait, so those are prisoners? Yep. They put 'em all in this circle. Right. And if you leave the circle, they send the bulls through and if you leave the circle you lose. Right. And what do the prisoners get out of it? So I think they get like time with a basketball or something. I don't know what the prize is. I'll have to look and see what the prizes are. This Is crazy what He stayed in there and this is, He really wants that prize. Right. But yeah, just to let you know, so there is a little competition out there.


Oh. Have you ever seen the last question half? Where you me, you ever seen that show? Hands On A Hard Body? You ever see that movie? No. Wow. Hands On A Hard Body. There was a car, somebody, somebody went to a mall. Oh, that one. The documentary. Yeah. I, I Haven't seen it, but I've heard of the the last Take Handoff car Keeps It Type. Yeah. Yeah. I've, okay. I've seen a clip of that on TikTok and They all have their hand on a hard body. The original one is great. Oh, this a musical now. That's hilarious. Yeah. And the guy's like, nothing getting me to take my hand off. But he is g We we did Las take handoff. Lamborghini keeps it. He did? Yeah. What, 50 people? Well this is how somebody trumped somebody walked up and was like, Hey, you want this chocolate bar? And I got like, I would love it and took it with both hands. Damn. Who takes a chocolate bar off somebody with both hands And he, he made a mistake and he lost.


Yeah. Yeah. So we, we did one too where we put took a million dollars in cash had people put their hands on it. And I think one of the four people, I don't remember, but like, 'cause after like 18 hours you start to like, Oh yeah, forget. You know, and you're not a hundred, a hundred percent focused. I think he just like reached to graph something and then was like, oh shit. And lost a million dollars. They say that the world will be changed by individuals and humans and sometimes you start to think that that's not gonna happen. You know, that people are gonna expect a government to do it. But then I think you meet somebody like you and you're like, wow, anything is maybe possible man. Yeah, I think that's kind of like a feeling that I really got spending time with you today, man. Yeah. Thanks for sharing your new show with me. And what is it tough for you to like, so if you have, if you spend so much time working and would it, like is relationships something that's hard for you to navigate?


I know you said you have a relationship. Yeah. Is that a tough thing for you to drop in and also be like a regular person? Like Yeah. 'cause I'll notice, I'll invite a girl over and then I'll sit there and do work. Yeah. Well that's relationships. Just even outside of dating have always been a problem for me because like, I, I think this might have been a traumatic experience 'cause I still picture it to this day and I occasionally have dreams of it, but I remember when I was like 15 or 16, like I, 'cause I'm was so obsessed with YouTube, I remember like at lunch one time, like one person literally just looked me dead in the eyes and said, do you know how to talk about anything besides fucking YouTube? Wow. And I that like, and I was like, whoa. And I like, and then I was like, okay, I'm gonna not talk about YouTube.


And then So I just didn't talk like, and like at one point someone, I ironically asked me if I was mute. Like, 'cause I was just like, in my head I was like, well, people think I talk about YouTube too much. I don't know anything else besides YouTube. And So I just didn't know what to do. And it was like very like traumatic for me because I was so fucking obsessed with it growing up. And the problem is though, right? And back then I thought, okay, I'm a freak of nature. I'm the problem. And I tried to, I tried to watch South Park and I, I think it's a good show, but I just didn't find it interesting and, and my like opportunity caught brain back then was like, no, I need to be working. I, this is blah, blah blah. And So I just never related to anyone. I thought it was because I'm a freak and it's all me, me, me. But then I, as I, when I was like 18 or 19, I got a little smarter.


I realized, no, it's just in my school there just weren't people who were interested in the same things as me. And So I was like, that's, but it is what it is. I don't need to change who I am. I just need to change the people I'm around. And that was like a big turning point for me. Wow. And so, no, I don't struggle with the relationships. I, well I mean, if you just put me in a room with someone who doesn't, isn't trying to achieve anything or doesn't want to do anything extraordinary and just wants to play video games and blah blah. Like, yeah. I mean, I wouldn't relate to 'em. I'd, I'd it'd be a struggle. But you put me in a room with someone who is building a business and trying to do something cool, like, I mean, we could probably talk for 10 hours straight. You know what I mean? So it's just all who you're around. It's just those people are pretty rare and you, you don't stumble into 'em. You have to be very diligent to like have those kind of people in your life.


So yeah, that, that, just putting myself around the right kind of people has helped like crazy. And my, my current girlfriend, she's amazing and she understands that like, you know, growing the channel, making great content. And right now with feasts, because we're trying to build an ethical supply chain. So I'm doing this on fucking steroid hard mode and all these other things I'm trying to do. It's like, it's not easy and like, you know, she gets it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like there are just some days where I won't be able to come home. There are just some days where, you know, I'm gonna film for 16 hours and I'm gonna, I will come home and I don't even know if my eyes will be open. Like I'm gonna come home and just pass out. 'cause it was so intense. And so it's great. Like, and we, we communicate really well and, and that kind of stuff and I'm very happy.


But yeah, I guess that's kind of the gist. Like, did you have to say like, will you sub, can I subscribe to your heart? Or something like that. Like did you No, I, it's actually nice though because one thing I've found is because we're not robots, you do have to take time off. Even though I hate that you, you can't work all the time. And So I found that in the past I would just, like, if I went eight days, like really hard or nine days, like sometimes I could get it to 10 or 12 in a row. I would just like wake up and just be like shit and crash and I need to like watch an anime or something to like decompress and blah, blah blah. But I found like if I consistently spend time with my girlfriend, I don't like boil up to this point where I'm so stressed and I need to crash. I'm losing my mind at border. I'm gonna have a mental breakdown.


You know what I mean? Yeah. I kind of navigate it a little bit better. Yeah. It's like, you know, because then I get these, it's like decompression shots when I hang out with her like more consistently because it's like, you know, when you just go home alone to an empty vet, it's like, what do you do? But So I just sit there and think about work. But if you have this beautiful woman, you're like, oh, this is cool, let's talk about things. And it's like helps you like take your mind off work. So I've noticed that's been a good benefit is like, I don't, I just don't have like borderline mental breakdowns as often. Yeah. You So, Yeah. Connection. So now you gotta connect with people and it can put you in a little bit better, of a better place and yeah. Yeah. It's important. Jimmy, thanks so much man. Thanks for spending time, dude. I'm definitely a fan. I, you know, yeah, I'd love to chat again somehow about business or something.


And you know, it's funny, you meet people sometimes you think they're, they're heroes or they're great and sometimes once you learn about 'em, it's kind of like whatever, you know, they were, they were better as to to see from afar, you know? I'm sorry that I was better from afar to let you down. No. Maybe next time I was gonna say that's not the case, man. I'm excited. Yeah. I'm excited for everybody to see Beast Games. Are you ever doing a show in North Carolina If their children are adults? Yeah man, we'll come over there for sure. I'll invite you. Okay. Yeah. If you do a show in North Carolina, we'll be there. I'll invite you to one. Thanks so much for all the content and entertainment. I'm excited to see what you do in the future. Man, you, I think you inspire a lot of people to Stop being so nice. I hate getting content. No, but I think it's just like anything is possible. I agree. I hate fucking getting say that's I'm giving to you. I'm Gonna start complimenting you. Fuck you. This podcast was amazing.


You had great questions. It was very free flowing. I thought, you know, sometimes you just go on a podcast, it's an absolute shit show, but this one wasn't. And I think you're very exceptional at what you do. And hey, watch Your mouth. Your vernacular is, is very good. And I, I just really loved your shoes and how you did things and I thought your squad was pretty good. They're very welcoming. You made sure I had two cans of Celsius that was awesome. And just all around a good environment and everything. Thanks man. Well, we'll see about that MrBeast. See I does, am I the only one? Alright, to close it on this, am I the only one that feels uncomfortable when people talk about you like that? Oh, I can't see. It makes me really uncomfortable. I I, I can't wait for them to get done saying exactly something Nice.


And I've Had Hadda train myself to just sit there and take it because I used to always change the subject and it would make it even more uncomfortable because, and, and kind of awkward. So now I, I've just like practiced like doing this but 'cause before I noticed my default would always just be to these people would start complimenting and I'd just change the subject. Yeah. Instantly. Yeah, me too. I'll be like, oh, that's sweet of you to say we should go outdoors. That's what I'll say. Something like that. Yeah. Or I would be like, yeah. Interesting. Anyways, so yeah. Oh, it's very sweetie view. I was wondering the other day if the jets will win anything this year and people were like, what are we even, you know, but yeah, it's gotten, yeah, sometimes you navigate it a little bit better as time goes on. You know, Is this brand also paying? Nope. O like their water this. Wait, So Celsius Had Hadda pay, so these guys got it for free.


Yeah. But we'd like to get a water. My goal one day is to make a water. I wanna see if that makes it in. This is my goal to make a water. Right? Yeah. I'm gonna have a half like a wellness facility for people who are recovering from addiction. Right. Oh, okay. And it's on a, on land that has an aquifer so they can access water. Yeah. And the people that are getting well are, are helping to create like, so they, they, you employ the people with addiction so you get 'em out. Yeah. Yep. And then the water gets sold and the money goes to the facility. Yeah. So it's like Yeah. Because so many people have been ruined by addiction that our government supported. Right. Or didn't really combat. Yeah. Like an opioid epidemic. So I'm like, well how do you beat 'em? And you get something everybody needs that's clean for people, which is water. And then every time they drink buy it, they're helping somebody get clean.


You know? Or what if you give them drugs and they go sell drugs and then they just put their addiction to good use also you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like that'd do better because they, they probably know the drug landscape and other addicts really well. Oh, that's a good point. You're kind of putting 'em in a whole new territory. Yeah, exactly. I feel like just lean into what they're good at. They're a drug addict. Just let 'em sell drugs. You know what? We'll try both. We'll try both, you know. Okay. And we'll get some, we'll get some. Alright. He's been trying to end this for like five minutes. Alright, bye. Thanks. Now I'm just on the, and I feel, I'm like these leaves I must be stone.


Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of I can, my bones.