(1s):
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.

(30s):
I have some new tour dates to let You know about. I'll be in East Lansing. I'll be in Toledo, Ohio. Rama Ontario In the Canada, Pittsburgh, pa, Eugene, Oregon. Kennewick Washington. Seattle. Washington, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station, Texas, Belton, Texas. San Antonio, Durant, Amarillo, Oxford, Mississippi had had a Fayetteville, Arkansas, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Rolling LA and Tallahassee, Florida.

(1m 10s):
Rosemont, Illinois, Winnipeg and Calgary In the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Thank you so much for your support, and thank you to the fellow in Montana that gimme this jacket. Got some Indian artifacts on the back, And I just wanna say thank you all. I really like this jacket. We've also got some new Merch, some new gang gang teas in Pepper and ivory, and we've got a new gang gang hat that check those out in more. Theo Von store.com. Happy holidays to everyone. Today's guest has never been afraid to speak his mind.

(1m 51s):
He has been a, a staple in country music and in Texas lore for many years. He's having a great year right now with his new album, nine Lives It's Country, it's Rock, it's grunge, it's him. He's got a new Christmas ep, Wetzels Wonderland, chapter two out now. And I'm just grateful to spend time today and to catch up with him. Today's guest is Mr. Koe Wetzel.

(2m 36s):
I shouldn't be allowed to fucking be alive. You ever feel like that? You ever feel like that? Really, dude. I mean, I should not be allowed to be alive, dude. I just got one of those days. Yeah. You ever just burn so many bridges down? You can't even take a step. You burn. It's not even bridges. You burn down. Just regular flooring. Yeah. Ceiling, everything. Carpet. I mean, I'll just turn a wreck. Just everything's a chimney when I come around someday when I'm like that. You want those beers, Bubba or Honey or Anything? You can have whatever you want. Yeah, I'll, yeah, if you don't mind a couple of those Bush.

(3m 19s):
Yeah, I'm just, damn. It's just, you know, yeah, everything's fine. It just went, you know, if I get in a, you know, You think it, it is. It's kinda like with the holidays and shit coming up too, or It doesn't help. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. And it's A lot of little things to do and suddenly A lot of just feeling like A low responsibilities. Yeah. And then Everything kind of adds up. Yeah. And then if I, yeah. And I start turning into, I'll just turn it into just a, You know, I get too focused on what I need to get done. Sometimes I just gotta hit a AA meeting or something. Or fucking drink a damn eight ball dude, man. For real. I'll Dr. If eight, dude, I'm glad they didn't come down with eight ball the beverage or whatever.

(4m 4s):
I think they did Celsius Be true. I'd have been on them bitches, man. Koe Wetzel, man. Congrats on the new album, dude. Thank you man. I Appreciate it. Wow. Shit kind of popped off, huh? Yeah. Well you've been working so hard. Yeah, for sure. People don't, people don't think about that. Yeah. Everybody is the, was the overnight success shit. And I don't know, they don't see the, the 10 years, 10 plus years, you know, we've been grinding out for a while. So It's good at all the places you've played. Every place they would allow someone to play. Really? For for real though, man. Like we would, I mean, you'll play, I've seen Yeah, yeah. Trailers on the back of like semis behind Chicken wire.

(4m 49s):
Yeah. Oh, I've seen places where like tomorrow this place is getting fumigated, right? Where they'll already be setting up the tent around it with the bug spray in it. There was, and it's like, but tonight Go Whistle baby. It was with Pig of Lights, right? Yeah. Well, yeah. Had, dude, there was this one run that we had, it was, it was probably the third year. It's probably 2013, 14. And it was like, we were playing VFWs and like firehouses and stuff. Well, there was like three, three places that we played. And within two months, I don't know if it was tax reasons, reasons or what, but all of 'em fucking burnt down. So it was like a thing of like, CO was coming to town, get you extinguishers ready, man.

(5m 33s):
He's about to burn this bitch down. Literally, Dude, it was almost like that white snake memorial tour on it. Yeah. That's how it was, man. And it was, it was kind of a joke around East Texas, but it was legit. It was always a VFW or a little cash grab or something. It was kind of a sketchy place, you know? And then you get in there and, and it's like, did you hear that place burned down last night? I was like, what? You're like, what do you, we just left. Yeah. Like, I think we still have some drums in there, Bro. You can smell the kerosene as you pulling off down the road. You can, they're just in the bags, pulling wires and shit. I was electrical fired. Oh, bro.

(6m 13s):
Oh yeah. Nothing like a good scam, dude. Oh, dude. I'm telling you, nothing like a good gets you out of a pinch. You talking about Yeah. Getting your day back to brighter, man. Getting a little, getting a little government money, man. Oh, We had a dude who had bought a bunch of, he made a bunch of 4th of July t-shirts, right. And they didn't get in until they basically got in like on the night before. They're supposed to come in like two weeks early. And it was a business plan. This guy had, and he, so on 4th of July, he's Like, I got, I have basically eight or nine hours to pedal these bitches, You know? So he got, he was out there on a, with a bike with a little wagon.

(6m 54s):
He was pulling like, it was supposed to have a child in it or something, but it was just full of these 4th of July shirts. And he was out there just, just slinging him bitches. And he only got rid of about maybe 17 of 'em. So he had about maybe 420 shirts left or whatever. What Did he do With them? He, he, here's what he did. He said he set him on fire. Right. But did it, he did it near a fireworks display. And he said that some of the fireworks had landed in him. Hey, hey man, that's kinda respect the hustle there. That was great. That's awesome. That was a great idea, man. Yeah, I bet He, he's got A lot. I bet he had A lot of, A lot of great ideas. I mean, maybe if, is he still around?

(7m 34s):
We should hit him off, Bro. He's an idea man. I would say that. Yeah, absolutely. He's an idea, man. Yeah, man, you're playing some different venues now, so that's kind, that's kind of changed, huh? Has it? Oh yeah. I mean, we've been doing like arenas for like, the last two or three years, but it's just kind of a, to a bigger scale, I guess. I mean, the definitely got newer fans with this record. We kind of tapped into the, the mainstream kind of side of it, I guess. You know, we've always been independent and I mean, I guess, You know, coming outta Texas, I mean, you get tour Texas year round, You know, and, and make a damn good living. And that's pretty much we, what we've been doing.

(8m 14s):
But, you know, over the last probably five years, you know, we've got outta Texas and got to play these, these crazy arenas and stuff's crazy. Look at that. And yeah, man, it's, it's been a while. I mean, we've been blessed. Fans have just come outta the woodworks man, and it's cool to, to have people, You know, fuck with, fuck with the music man. Fuck with what you're, what you're telling 'em, man. And I don know, it's been wild. It's, it's kind of, we've been so busy, I've had time to like step back and actually look at it, You know, and, and kind of see where we're at. But it's, it's wild, man. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean, I think there's A lot of that energy outta Texas where it's just like that, You know, we'll figure it out.

(8m 55s):
And Texas really supports their own A lot. Yeah, for sure. You know? Yeah. It's the same with guys like Parker over the years, and I mean, Texas has their own thing. They always have. Yeah. You know, they support their own. Yeah. Very, very proud people, man. And, You know, it's just like such a, a cult following, You know? And, and we've been blessed to have those co fan base that, that fan base for so long, You know. And Is there like co beef between like, people, You know, like new fans and old fans? Do you feel Like, I mean, maybe, maybe a little bit, but I mean, Like I said, they're so passionate and they're so, they're so like co fans that, you know, I think they've, they've respond. I was kind of curious as to how they're gonna take this new music that we put out.

(9m 38s):
I mean, they ca they came on with it. I think they dug it, just, You know, 'cause we haven't really veered off from the shit we've been doing our whole, You know, whole career. So, yeah. Do you feel weird? Do you feel like, is there a part of you that feels like, 'cause I get, like, if I have to do something that feels kind of mainstream to me sometimes Yeah. It, it makes me fucking angry. Just like, yeah. Yeah. I don't, man, not really just because, 'cause Like I said earlier, you know, I'm still doing the same shit. It's just more, I guess on a bigger scale, kind of more, I don't know, kind of expected, you know what I mean? Like, to, to do all these interviews and, You know, just kinda get your story out there. So, I mean, it used to be, You know, get fucked up, go play music and that was it.

(10m 21s):
You know, write music, throw down party with everybody. And now it's kind of, alright, let's take a step back and calm everything down a little bit, You know? Yeah. Oh yeah, dude. Yeah. Your TikToks you guys would be just fucked up out there eating dandelions and shit. Or just adopting animals. I mean, you guys are doing A lot for the, for nature and everything out there. Oh, Dude. Everything, man. Do you have to slow it down a little bit? Have you had to a little, This tour? We definitely did. The, so last year's tour was the El Paso tour, and it was balls to the wall. Like, it was, it was insane, bro. Like, it was too much. Honestly. I'm surprised Mike died. We didn't, and, but we had a couple folks go to jail. But other than that, I mean, it was just chaos the whole time.

(11m 3s):
And then this year with the damn new normal tour, they kind of like caged me a little bit. Like, so after every show it was direct to the bus and then the cop escorted out. Like they wouldn't let me go out and party and stuff, which was great. I mean, the tour was great and stuff, but I felt like they were trying to settle me down a little bit. 'cause I mean, Like I said, it's just kind of on a, a bigger scale than than anybody kinda expected it to be. So Yeah, you got more responsibility the next day. You gotta actually be there. And, You know, I felt a whole lot better this tour and the shows were, were better in my opinion. And, but yeah, I mean, I guess it's, you gotta grow up sometime, man. It sucks, huh? It sucks, Man. It sucks getting old.

(11m 43s):
It sucks having to grow up, even grow well. Yeah, for sure. And it's not even getting old, old, you can stay young. Yeah. And for sure just be an old dude and like, damn, that old dude is, shouldn't be, You know, it's like the FOMO though, like, the fear, like, You know, like whenever it's just like you, you reminisce on all the good side. I'm just like, damn man, that'd be fun to do tonight. You know? We should do that tonight. Oh yeah. It's nothing. Oh dude. Going to bed early and laying there and just feeling like, just even God knows, you're a little bitch. Yeah. That's the saddest part, dude. Getting in a bed early, Just you're, I'm doing, and then you, you kind of get ready, you're like, oh, start, start to feel a little bit bad and you're like, ah, You know what? And then you wake up next morning, I feel like whenever you wake up next morning, you're like, You know what? Good on you. Yeah. Fuck You, man.

(12m 23s):
Oh yeah. That's a, Yeah, that's like, it, you, you got a little, little fin chest, like, hey man, You know? Yeah. A natural oom and not just where your heart's just burned out from just running overtime. Dude, I remember when I first met you, I was like, 'cause I was like, I don dunno if I just like gotten like Reese sober or something at the time. Reese Sober is a good Name. Reese sober. Yeah. That's pretty cool. I never heard that word. I never said that word before. Before re sober. Reese sober. But I never got, and Now I remember I met, you know, I was like, I, I gotta be careful around that guy, dude, because Dude, I don remember that time that guy that was at Whiskey Jam, right? Was it Whiskey Jam? I can't remember At Win or Losers. It might've been with Todd. With Todd with Todd. Grape Graves.

(13m 3s):
Yeah. That could Have been, it could have been the Super Bowl. Remember it was at that. Oh God, yeah. In that suite or something. Dude, I was sober for three weeks going up there and then, damn bro, we're sitting in the suite with Todd and like me and Dre have been sober or whatever, and we're like, if we can make it through Super Bowl weekend, dude, we are, You know, we're, we're killing it. And I'm sitting there and Cly from Lord of the Fucking Ring or not Lord of the Rings, game of Thrones walks in. Yeah. I'm like, was that cei? And they're like, yeah, that's one of the Jonas brothers too. I was like, holy shit. You know? And so, yeah, And you gotta play that game. You drink every time you see a Jonas brother, bro. I was like, yeah. I was like, vodka soda, please.

(13m 44s):
Like, and dude, we got, I mean, it was like 11 in the morning and You know, you got all these actors and musicians and Yeah, they had A lot. Coach O walks in from Lssu. He's like, Hey, what's, what's going on? Because you're doing all right. You doing all right, bro? I'm like, yeah, I'm good, man. Like we, you think about your board. And I, oh, he got, he got a soda up, he's got a So Up. Yeah, That's what Burrow was playing the So Bowl. I was like this, this dude's fucking awesome, You know? And this dude's Been eating eight balls too, Kind of like, bro. He just, and just rolling around, man, just having a great time. And so, I mean, we hammering 'em all day. We get to the game and I mean, it's just like, damn red carpet. People were showing up coming in like, dude, I can't handle this shit. This is too much. You know? Yeah.

(14m 24s):
Everybody was in there. Pete Pablo I think was in there, Dude, Jack Harlow, French, Bon Montana, like, I mean, it was just one after the other. And You know, me being from small East Texas, I was like, what the fuck? Oh yeah. That was wild. That was crazy. There was A lot of fancy folks in there too. It was too, dude. I wanted to fucking rob some of those fucking queers or whatever. And I don't, you can't say queers, but so Wilton, we didn't say it, man. But yeah, dude. Oh, I, and I just, yeah, I was like, 'cause I was just trying to, I was just getting back on the grill or whatever and I was like, I gotta fucking, Well, I think, I think one of the times I met you, it was at Whiskey Jam, I think. And we were sitting there each other and we like, yeah, man, fans, fan of each other, whatever.

(15m 6s):
And I remember you were like, there was a step right above me to Muscadine Bloodline was playing. And he was like, you trying, you trying to go up? And I was like, I was like, yeah dog, let's go. And I was like, you wanna go to the bathroom right here? You were like, wait, what? I was like, and I had had a little in my pocket, I was like, oh yeah. Was like trying to go, you was like, you were like, no, the step to watch the, I was like, ah, oh shit. And I didn't know you were sober. I remember that. Yeah. I was kind of perched up in the back, like on A, yeah, you were like, are you trying to get up? Yeah. I'm like, hell yeah, let's go right now. You were like, no, Damn brother. Oh man. Well look, I appreciate the, hey, I do appreciate the support too. Yeah, Man, I was, my bet that was, that was on me, man was like, I was like, dude, I want somebody to fucking wanna get me fucked up, dude.

(15m 52s):
I want somebody to just hold me down and just fucking, just damn funnel, just yay into my brain homie. You know what I'm saying? But those are, You know, that's Christmas wishing, You know. Oh man. Let talk about your new album. So the new album's nine lives. Yeah. Right. And have you, when have you burned a couple of your lives? Like, was there a night or two over the time? Because I'm trying to think. We had, let me think of a good night that happened to me one time. Oh dude, a guy overdosed or whatever one time. And people were doing CPR on him. I'm like, he doesn't need fucking C Does was anybody, could they even do cpr? I mean, they were just trying, they're just trying. You're like, his Chest was already doing its own CPR. I'm like, that dude is just geeked out of his goward, bro.

(16m 34s):
You need to hit him with that fucking man. That's Narcan Johnson. You need to hit him with that. Why hit Him with that EpiPen. Yes, we Narcan dude. Yeah, somebody hit him with an EpiPen, like he had a B Sting or something. I'm like, this dude got stung by eight ball. This dude got stung by, he by, He's had a reaction for sure. This dude Got stung by a warm Graham and they're trying to put damn Pepto Bismol in him. People are fucking unbelievable, man. Hey man, people start freaking out like that. It shit gets hairy. And, and especially if you're tore up like that, you don't know what the fuck's going happen. So it's kinda like, oh shit. Well, everybody starts trying. I think I'm gonna have one myself here. Y'all started doing that shit to me.

(17m 13s):
Oh dude, I see somebody doing Narcan. I'll hit one Across The Run. I get one. Please. Did You, do you always feel like you had to party so much? Where does that come from, you think? Is that just, did you grow up partying, man? Yeah. Not real. I mean, I never felt Like I, I had to, it was just, man, I like to have a good time. My whole family likes to have a good time, man. So it's just kind of whenever I got, so my parents were pretty strict with me growing up, You know? 'cause they knew the only way I was gonna get out of Pittsburgh was to, You know, on a scholarship or whatever. And that's Pittsburgh, Texas. Yeah, Pittsburgh, Texas. Yeah. And so, like, they were really strict on me. And so once I got to college, dude, it was like ball the wall, like no parents, You know, get to college and just hammer down man.

(17m 55s):
And it just, I don dunno, I guess it kind of just snowballed and I don't know. I can drink with the best of Yeah. Best of 'em. And I don't know. It's, it was, it is a great time, man. And I've slowed down a whole lot, you know, this past couple years. But I still, I still like to get out there and, and act up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I can't believe that's you slowed down. It's great though. Yeah, I was all, I was envious of people that could party, man. 'cause I couldn't do it. I'd get a little too rattled and I'd just start fucking chewing on the fucking walls and shit. You know? I'd just start fucking farming cop outta my own house, dude. You know? I get Well, Yeah, I couldn't handle it, dude. I'd call the cops on myself a bunch of times.

(18m 34s):
I'm fucked Up. That's, that's pretty, that's partying though. I mean, that's, that's arco shit. I thinks, I guess. Hey, that's some partying. I, I don't think I've ever called the cops on myself before that. That's wild. Oh yeah, dude. I'll call them bitches. Huh? Oh dude. I'll call the cops for anything, dude. I see. Yeah, I remember I was at a UFC fight one night and the guys were beating each other so bad and I fucking called the cops right there from T-Mobile or Arena. It was Dustin Poer and Max Holloway were beating the shit out each other. I said, you Get, y'all gotta get down here quick. Yeah. I said, y'all got a male on male domestic down here. Oh my God, bro. That's what I said. I said, these guys are fighting over jewelry down here, because I think Winter got the belt. Oh, really? So I was like, it, you got a male on male domestic down here, but you guys, you guys need to send somewhere, need To figure this shit out quick.

(19m 17s):
But Dana, what you doing? Yeah. Why the title Nine Lives, man? Oh man. It was kind of, so the record was kind of like us kind of doing a new music that we're, we're not known for. You know, usually it's the, the party music, the crazy rock stuff. So this was just kind of the past, the other lives that I could've lived had I not been a musician, You know, or, or travel down this road. So it's kind of just like a reflection on that. And I don know, man. Hmm. It's kinda one of those, one of those things. Yeah. And I read that you wrote it pretty quick, like when it finally hit you. Yeah, most of the songs came really quick, man. Like Gabe Simon, he always say it's, it was like my first therapy session, You know?

(20m 1s):
I met him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool dude. But he like, he like dug into my life, like into my soul. And it was like bringing out shit that I normally never tell, like a, a stranger, you know? And he just dug into it, man. And, and it helped write the songs really fast, honestly. So, yeah. I don't know, man, the songs came out great, You know? It was one of the more vulner vulnerable was really to me for sure. Yeah, for sure. You know? I mean, it was just like, it was more raw and real than I, I feel like I'd ever been playing music, so. Huh. So yeah, it was kind of like, kind of turning a new page on, You know, not leaving the party behind, but just kind of me kind of growing up type shit.

(20m 43s):
Damn. Fuck, dude. No. Right. It sucks, dude. All the good ones grow up. I know you, you're gonna see me, you're gonna see me in the, the jail log tomorrow. Oh yeah. I go to the red door or something at night. Yeah. Long. Yeah, yeah. Long as, yeah. Oh Man, man. Yeah, dude. A lot of the, all the good ones grow up, man. Mm. Yeah, they've had that term. Yeah, because there's, so there's like, I mean, I love Jesse Murphy. Yeah. I've been a Jesse Murphy fan since fuck yeah. Before I should admit as an adult male, you know, you know, saying it was like very strange to tell people that you were a fan. Well, She's got the soul of like a 50-year-old, I feel like, or 60-year-old.

(21m 24s):
80. Yeah. It's insane. I remember whenever I first heard her, I was like, wait, how old is, and this, she was probably 80, 17, 18. And I was like, wait, what? And she's such a baller man. Like, she walks in the room and it's just like, her presence is so huge and she's just, and she's just this little bitty thing dude, You know, but amazing, amazing artist. She's a fucking grenade dude. Yeah's insane. And she's got that look in her eyes, like she's just seen it all a million times. Yeah, sure. That's what I'm saying. She's like, reincarnated, bro. She's like, yeah, she's got it. She got it going on. Yeah. She might be a refurb or whatever they call it. It, You know. Yeah. Hell yeah. God. Oh God, y'all are beautiful.

(22m 5s):
And I mean, and I mean, both of you too. I do wanna say it like that. No, she's so talented, man. Yeah. That song gets stuck in my head too, man. That hira gets stuck in my head. Yeah. I'll just be doing nothing or doing something. It'll come out me, Remember where, where were we at? Who's getting, I'm getting an Ivy. I'm hung over his shit. Oh yeah. Saw you got, And I'm just Like, I was just kind of watching the football game and I hear you coming down singing High Road. I was like, Jesus Christ. Oh man, I gotta get some. And it was like, what were we, what were we doing? What was the stuff? Huh? The NAD. NAD. Oh, oh yeah. Remember we were talking about it? You were like doing however many milligrams. Oh yeah. And I was doing like 75 or a hundred.

(22m 45s):
Dude, I'm over there about to die. And I just hear you coming down singing High Road. And I'm like, God, shut up, please. Oh man. It's just wow. When you get one that gets stuck in your head, you know? Yeah, for Sure. You wake up singing it and you can't get Yeah. It's just all day deal. Yeah. Yeah, Man, it's, it's, it's wild man. What have I been watching? I was watching that JonBenet Rams. Do you see that stuff? I hadn't seen it. Is it on Netflix? Yeah, I saw, I haven't watched it yet. It's, it is just like refu rehab or dashing, whatever happened in the long, in the past, you know? Yeah. Is it kinda like, who did it? Are they still on that? Yeah. The dad though, will now be interviewed. Like the dad is in it. Okay. Oh, no, shit. Yeah. And the dad, I think that the dad, this is just a, a belief of mine.

(23m 29s):
I believe that the dad had had some kind of inappropriate attraction to the child, maybe. Yeah. I dunno if I can legally say that or not. This is my belief. And the mother had been envious of that. The mother unli, you have to say un alive now. Oh, really? Unli at the child. Unli. You can't, you Can't say you can't see the other stuff. Yeah. They'll take us down. Really? The mother unli the child and then they together figured out a way to the story, right? Yeah. And neither one of 'em could RAT the other one out because they both had some Tie connect or connection To it. Some connection. I think he'd been inappropriate. The mother got envious. Put the daughter was in all these pageants, all this weird stuff.

(24m 10s):
The mother did it on purpose of our accident. And then they both had to help each other cover it up. Did she, was she ever, she never served time or anything, did she? What? Yeah. The, the mom, She never served time. No. She ended up passing away a cancer, I believe. Oh no. Shit. But I don't think I'm thinking of the same. There's another one, You know, Be Casey Anthony. Casey Anthony Is What I'm saying. She lived here. I heard. Really? Yeah. What, where does Casey Anthony live? You gotta get her out to a show, dude. I don't know about that one brother. Jesus. But she, she did, did she serve time? I don't know. Let me see. Casey, where's Casey? Anthony now, that's a great question. No wait. She, she's just in Nashville on Broadway every night.

(24m 51s):
Just, geez, Leave them Broadway girls alone that when she's singing, which is a little morose her to sing. Where does it say she live? Do you see anything on it? Move to Murphysboro, Tennessee. Where The, where the fuck is that? I mean, it sounds like it's close. Yeah, it's, it's gotta be close. Wow. What, man, I don't, did they have any good big criminals in y'all's town? Any big, any big crime going up over there in Pittsburgh, Texas? Was There something They said the Texas Chainsaw Massacre came through town, but You know, who knows? Yeah. That could've just been all, yeah. I mean, he could have been going through That.

(25m 31s):
Could've been a guy just repairing two stroke motors too. They, You know what I'm saying? It could have been, He's still living in Pittsburgh. Honestly. Honestly. He probably is. I think I know who it is too. No, they said Bo Bonnie and Clyde came through and one of the sheriffs there. I mean, Pittsburgh wasn't, I mean, it's still, it's only like 4,000 people. But if they said they called him ahead of time, or let 'em know somehow via pigeon or some shit, and they were like, Hey, get the fuck out. We're coming through if you wanted, if you wanna live, just get out of our Way. And Bunny and Clyde were coming. Yeah. And they, they rolled through and then nobody gave 'em shit. Yeah, just like, 'cause they hit out in, are they from Dallas, I think? Or Somewhere around where Bunny and Clyde from. Let's get a look at 'em.

(26m 12s):
I'm Pretty sure. O Oak Cliff. South O Cliff. Hey, Bonnie was the Looker, I think. Yeah, she was a smoke. Let's see. Let's get a look at 'em. Get a look at 'em. Let's see images there. Bonnie and Clade. Oh, did you watch that one with Ail? Hirsch. Uhuh. Is it good? Oh dude. Yeah. It's like a three part series. Oh, I gotta watch that. Oh bro, it's so good. Ooh. Yeah. Bonnie, back in the day, dude. You bet, bro. If she looks good even in that picture, because Those, I think Clyde Clyde, he was a little bitty dude too. Oh my God. Oh, there, they're right there. Imagine Taking those pictures back in the day, dude. Like, Hey, I'm gonna hold this to you. Get over there with the photo, like the picture.

(26m 52s):
Yeah. And a can and his smoke comes out of it. It must have felt like Satan was doing It. Like goes off and like bullet trigger. Yeah, they fucked him up. Oh, look at that. That was in, that was in Ambush. Beville Parish, I think. Louisiana. Louisiana Highway. And they still have that car. Yeah. Where was that at that, I think it was in Beville Parish. Oh yeah. That sounds about right. You know, is that, You know what I mean? Yeah. It is a parish over there. It's been 90 years since a posse Lawman caught up with the outlaw coupled Bonnie and Clyde. They were ambushed and killed on a North Louisiana road. But their story is still very much alive in Gibsland, Louisiana is where it occurred at. Bonnie and Claude. What kind of pieces of history from Bonnie and Claude, what was their biggest heist?

(27m 33s):
What was Bonnie and Claude's biggest heist? I wonder Where, where are you from? Louisiana. I'm from Covington, Louisiana. We didn't have anything. Covington Lee, Harvey Oswald went to our middle school. That was our big thing. Damn. That's pretty big. The gang robbed the first National Bank in Stewart, Iowa in 1934. They did some kidnapping. Kidnapping. I didn't know that. But it says kidnapping of a man and woman. Oh, That's not kidnapping. Yeah, that's just, just Napping. Yeah, just making friends, dude. And some car theft. Damn. They weren't even as bad as some of the these Travis Scott fans.

(28m 14s):
I feel like You need to, you need to look, watch that. It's like a three part series. It's got, if you like Mel Hirsch. I love Mel Hirsch. Oh yeah. He Talented. And it's, it's, it's great man. But they, it kind of went through their whole, apparently it was pretty spot on from everything. But Yeah, that'd be, I wonder if I could do a good crime, dude. I do. Do you like, like the, like the history, like the gangsters and stuff, like Dillinger and all that shit? Yeah. That's, that's up my alley, man. Babyface pretty boy. Floyd and all that. Oh yeah. Remember? Well they used to have that. What was that movie that had all those guys in it? Public Enemy. Yeah. Yeah.

(28m 54s):
That's a good one. A lot of good actors, Dude. Yeah. I wonder if I could be a good criminal or not. What kind of crime I would do. I wanna do kidnapping. 'cause I don't want some dumb fucking kid around all The time. Yeah, no, that's, that'd be annoying as fuck. Yeah. And you're like, and you have to what? Then you're like, and also you're gonna get caught. You're gonna have to go to McDonald's all the time or whatever. That's a bad rap. Yeah, we don't, yeah, no kids. So yeah, I would do something with adults probably. Or what's a good crime? Train robbing would be sick, Dude. I think about that all the time. Like back in the gap, like cowboy days, dude, just Pulling up on that thing. Just Throwing up a dynamite in there and throwing it up. And There's some rich guy just eating in the window or whatever.

(29m 34s):
What the, what the fuck's going on? Fucking Pop one off into him. Just shoot right through his Salisbury steak or something. Next thing You know, you're in there, but then you get in there and you have to look for the money. That's gotta be The worst. It's like somebody tell us what the fuck it's, but no, that's like a gun slinger back in the day, man. That'd be so sick. I Know. It'd be so wild. I was just reading about A lot of hookers and stuff that were on the, like whenever they had gold rush Yeah. And stuff like that. Like, like A lot of hookers started up some big madam and stuff out there in those gold rush tales. Yeah. Really? That. And it was pretty wild. And they would, You know, they'd get other women to work for 'em and stuff like that. It's just kind of fascinating to learn about. Yeah. But yeah, I wonder if I could do a good you.

(30m 15s):
Oh, You know, it would be a good crime, I think. Get a hot air balloon drop in that way. Nobody sees that shit coming. No, absolutely. Like first we be like, what the fuck is happening? Yeah. Yeah. They, I don't know. With drones and shit, probably you couldn't get away with that. I mean, maybe back in the gap. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, drones. Fuck. Yeah. Wonder if we'll be able to travel by drone. They had that stuff now where you can kind of, I saw one the other day. It's like somebody sits in it and it's got the, the blade stuff. Don't look too safe though. It's like, how many beers do I need before I get into this? Same, Especially if your buddy gets a hold of that remote for 30 seconds. Dude, he's taking you right into some power lines.

(30m 54s):
Dude, He's done some fucked up shit to me. Lemme see if bro, like you would've done the same for me, buddy. Yeah. And if you're, especially if you're wearing like a Vols jersey or something, he just takes you around. He takes you into Athens, Georgia. That's what I'm talking about. Yes. See, that shit don't look safe. Oh, Hell no. That's look like something kid. Rockwood Box Kid Rock has one right now. We hear, we just pull Up. That thing runs on probably Diesel or something. Kerosene. Or just runs on some of kid rock's. Bad music too. That's what it's Kid Rock, dude. Aw. Every time you play ball with a ball it fucking takes off. Ball Ball. I'm joking. I'm joking, Bob. I'm joking, dude.

(31m 35s):
Oh, Bob, man, He loves to have a good time, man. Man.

(31m 39s):
This episode is sponsored by PrizePicks. You knew it. If you like firing on sports Like I do, then PrizePicks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. You can sign up today and get $50 instantly When you play $5. Yep. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed you can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and many more. Instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. Each player has a set projection and you choose either more or less than that set projection. That's What I love about PrizePicks. For example, you could choose Anthony Edwards and more than 17 points, or you could choose Bo Nicks and less than 22 completions. It's up to the player and it's up to you. PrizePicks has a brand new feature also called Live Squares available now. Live Squares allows you to pick a player's full game projection after the game has started. So that's some end game activity. The projection changes based on the player's live progress. Look for the Red dot indicating a game is in progress. If you're smart with sports and You know what players are gonna perform on what nights, PrizePicks is the best app for you. First time users download the PrizePicks app. Use code. Theo and PrizePicks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50.

(33m 19s):
If you're looking for a great gift for that special, someone I've got the perfect fit. It's the smooth, soft, stretchy, breathable fabric of Tommy John underwear. Just think about how much underwear you go through in a year. You can make that easier on your friends and family by gifting them. Tommy John. I like Tommy John because I like the, the, the underwears, the strap on the belt on 'em, the, the waistband. It's not as tight. So it's not just squeezing me all the time. Making me rashy or making me do urine. I like them Tommy Johns. They're loose. And just make me feel good. Like I am Good because I am. I gift and wear Tommy John. And you should too, because they're that good. If I need an underwear and lounge, wear sleepwear, it's what I'd buy for myself. So it's what I'm buying for you. My loved ones are gonna be just so dang cozy. Thanks to Tommy John all year round. Plus everything's covered by Tommy John's best pair you'll ever wear or it's free guarantee. Shop Tommy John dot com slash Theo right now for the holidays and get 25% off your first order. Save 25% for a limited time at Tommy John dot com slash t Tommy John dot com slash Theo. See site for details.

(34m 51s):
You ever had to cancel a show out there on tour? Anything ever happen yet? Oh yeah, we, we don't. I don't like to do it, man. We haven't, oh yeah, we haven't done it a whole lot. I think we didn't have to cancel any on this tour. It was a festival. Oh, sick. Oh yeah. Festival I got sick for. And then whenever y'all, the hurricane came through, we had to cancel, show that we had to reschedule. But last year during the El Paso tour, man, Like I said, it was crazy. I would just get, You know, the whiskey and everything. I give up whiskey, by the way, this year I stopped drinking whiskey, switched the tequila. But You know, last year with the El Paso dude, I was just, just, I get to a point where I couldn't talk, You know, and I would just be giving it everything just to say a sentence or whatever.

(35m 33s):
And we had to cancel a couple and that, that sucks. So after that dude, I was like, no more. You know? So Has set that whiskey down, Dude. As much as I love it, it's just, man, it's rough on me man. And like, You know, I can drink tequila and not feel half as bad as Yeah, do a whiskey, but Well your legs don't work as good. And your net, Hey dude. Yeah. You get that, that 15 gallon in the head bro. Somebody just start swinging back and forth and Like, I'll be like a cat. Like I hit the ground and bounce up really quick and think that nobody noticed, but I'm so big and just shake shit off the wall and be like, what the fuck is up with this guy? Dude? Like Chris Farley just landed on a table. Yes, bro. That's nine lives, man. That Me bro. Wild dude. I'm telling you. Oh, they kicked you out.

(36m 13s):
I remember that one actually. Dude, I Remember that. Oh yeah. When they kicked me out. Yeah. That's fun, bro. Yeah, your whole journey. So you guys do such a good job of sharing your journey, honestly, like on social media, dude. Yeah. I feel like you guys are just really earnest about everything that happens in y'all's world. Yeah. You know, A lot of people don't really operate that way. No. You know, you guys are just really, I think, clear to your fans and stuff. Do you feel like, and that, I think that alone kind of keeps you away from being like a mainstream thing, You know? Yeah. Because you don't have a PR guy telling you this or telling you that. Yeah, For sure. And it's like, and, and with the fans too, it's not like if I were to do something this's kind of like, they're not gonna be shocked by it. You know? Like, oh, You know, fuck oh for doing that.

(36m 54s):
You know, it's, I mean, it's kind of been our thing from the get go is kind of be ourselves, you know? Like, we're not gonna change for anybody. We're not gonna act like somebody that we're not, You know? So I think that's kind of been it. And you know, people have kind of embraced us for, for doing that. And that's kind of like, you know, puts us apart from, from other people, You know? I think. Oh yeah. So, yeah. I don't know. I mean, some of it maybe wouldn't, would rather it not be out there, but, You know, it's, it's, it's just life, man. Yeah. It's the realness Though. Yeah, man. For sure. And it makes it, it really makes it you. It's like that is him. Yeah. It's like, that is his world and it's really the world that most people can relate to who can relate to some type of perfect polished fucking Yeah.

(37m 36s):
That's unrealistic. There's Gonna be some excitement a little bit, You know, it's gotta be a little bit of excitement, a little bit of spice. Somebody's gotta go missing, You know what I'm saying? Somebody's gotta go to jail. Yeah. We gotta figure out where this dude is. Yeah. You guys have always kind of been in like, and kind of put in this outlaw country type of place, You know? Yeah. Do you feel like there's still A lot of outlaws in the business? Do you feel like it's, it's growing? Do you feel like it's changing? What do you think? Who are the outlaws? Who were your outlaws at first? Man? Yeah, I think there's some outlaws out there for sure. Maybe not, maybe not that are as You know, like maybe as big I would say. But there's, there's definitely some dogs out there, man.

(38m 18s):
I don't know. Kinda hard to, I don't know who usually has a dog out there, man. Paul Colton. Paul Colton is about as close to, do You know who Paul Colton is? I've Heard of it. I've heard of him. He's about as close to outlaw as he get, man. He, he doesn't give, he doesn't give a fuck, dude. He's my dog. Yeah. Yeah. He's a, he's a beast man. His music's great. I mean, he lives what he writes, man. He is, he's he's definitely an outlaw right now, man. Gang. Yeah. I'd like to get to meet that man. Dude, you, you've gotta, you gotta have him all, man. He is, he is his own person.

(38m 59s):
And dude, he's a, he's a legend. He's one on one, huh? Absolutely, man. East Texas legend for sure. I think there's A lot of guys that still, I mean, in a weird way, there's a, there are A lot of people kind of do it their own way now because they make their own road. Yeah, for sure. Like with social media, especially in just filming your own content or behind the scenes or whatever. You, you make your own shit now. It's not like you need to have some big producer help you do it. Yeah. Like I've said before, Like, I don't think the word outlaw is what it used to be. You know, Like, I think it's, it's kind of doing what you're talking about, just going out and doing everything your own way, you know, paving your own road and just kind of being a trailblazer pretty much. Yeah. You know, I think that's ain't going to be considered as being an outlaw.

(39m 43s):
'cause it's not, it's not the eighties anymore. You know, we can't get a, can't get away with a whole lot of shit these days. Man. You Can, everybody's a narc, Dude. Man. Dude, remember when they had fucking narcs and shit? Dude? Dude, First of all, the shittiest job you could get in high school was being a fucking narc Dude. I swear Bro. They gave you a little card and it was like, congratulations. Thank you. You're a narc. Yeah. Yeah. And it set it on the card. And I was like, that's the one thing you can't put on the car, dude. And then that dude would like, he would try to arrest people at a party or something. People would Beat the shit up, get the fuck away from me. School's out, bitch. And then it would take the cops like three weeks to have a meeting with the kid or whatever.

(40m 24s):
And it just, the whole system. Oh man. That's why. Yeah. I wish I, you go back, you think about like the Motley Crewe days. Oh yeah. Like eighties, bro. Did you didn't live, did you live through the Eighties? I was alive in them, but yeah, I was small. Yeah. Yeah, you were younger. But yeah, I mean, you talk to guys like, Like I remember my first concert I went to was Marilyn Manson, right? Oh, dog. And this dude took us and Yeah. Or, and he was like a, I guess he was like a pedophile or whatever. We didn't know he was right. So he was just a guy we knew who was also a pedophile, but we didn't know that part. But anyway, he took us over, he's Like, I can get y'all tickets. Us to Marilyn Manson. We just started listening to him, dude. And I think we're probably about 14.

(41m 6s):
And this dude dropped us off there and we were the only people underage that were in there. Like they, I think it was, it was probably an 18 show. And like Manson, like cut open Twiggy Ramirez or like one of his, one of the other band members with a bottle. Somebody cut, one of the band members, cut themselves open or cut another one open with a bottle on stage. And he was like bleeding everywhere. The ambulance had to come. It was, I bet y'all were like, holy Shit. It was awesome, dude. We're in the bathroom peeing and somebody goes, what are these kids doing in here? Oh My God. And then somebody else from another stall goes, don't worry, somebody will. Oh my God.

(41m 45s):
That's what somebody said, dude. Well, the first red flag should have been this dude just getting y'all Marilyn Manson tickets being like, oh my god. Richard Slan and Stein was his name. Did he? Didn't he go, did he go in with y'all? No, no, no, no. He went to gamble, pull him up. Richard's Langen Stein. Pull him up and he was just a real, oh, he Was a known pedophile. Oh yeah. Yeah. He was a fuck that dude. He won. He hadn't won awards or whatever, but he was, yeah, he was in the trenches or whatever. Is that him? No. Maybe there's more than one of him. Jesus. Hold On that guy right there with the, the father right there. We can't show the wrong one. That guy.

(42m 26s):
Oh, That's, yeah. That looks like, Oh, that's a, yeah, that's a liberal. Oh man. That's all that is. Dude. You got the, he got, Theo pulls Up. That guy's a bookie. Hold on that one guy's a bookie. Go back. Yeah, that guy's just a book You up one. No, right, right there. Yeah. That guy's just taking wagers on the Jets, dude, that's, yeah, we're gonna have to take some of this out because we just accused A lot of guys being pedophiles. But no old s slang Stein. He wasn't bad. He was, he was what he was, You know, Sling Stein, That's what they called him. But yeah, that was my first show. What was yours, man? First show You really remember. Yeah. I mean, so my mom played, she do like old Opry houses and stuff like that.

(43m 9s):
So she Was a singer. Yeah, She was. She was, she sang and just played with like a bunch of old drunk honky tonk dudes, right? Yeah. I'd be that little shithead kid, like running up and down the halls, throwing popcorn at people and yeah, so I mean, I was, I was around music growing up, but I think my first actual concert was Stoney LaRue. You ever heard of Stoney LaRue? Bring him up? He's, he's Oklahoma Man or woman. Dude, he, he's like a, he's Red Derrick, king man, Oklahoma Cat. There he is. Wow. And you need to get into, into his music manager. He's phenomenal. And it was at the Waco fairgrounds. My cousins were going to Baylor, I think I was like sixth or seventh grade maybe.

(43m 52s):
And these college girls come up to me like, Hey, what's going on? You know? And my cousin, her friend steps in and she's like, Hey babe, here's your beer. And like, just trying to, to deter them or whatever. And I take this beer and I hammer it and they're like, whatever. And she's like, what the fuck are you doing? We're supposed to drink that beer. And I'm like, so we get back to the hotel that night. My mom beats my ass. It's all good. Oh yeah. But Stone, I'll never forget it. Yeah. Texas Moon. Stony LaRue. Yeah. And is he still alive? Oh good. Yeah, he's got some, he's got some bangers That warms my heart. Dude, I just saw Struggle Jennings play. We were playing in the same town. Oh really?

(44m 32s):
Pretty Cool man. I haven't, I haven't, I hadn't met show yet. Him and yeah. 'cause he runs him and a jelly roll Of Friends Runs and Yellow Wolf, that whole gang, remember that was really that white. Yeah. Sort of. Yeah. That slimer, that sort of fucking missing person. I Like Wolf Man. Oh yeah. They all of that yellow Wolf catfish. Jelly Jelly, bro. Oh, I used to listen to Pop the Trunk before football games, man. And it's like, Oh, there. I don't know if there is a better anthem. Dude. Dude, it is so good. Yeah, dude, they even had, they had Jelly Roll out there, yellow Wolf. We even saw Jelly Wolf was out there. We're like, who the fuck is that?

(45m 12s):
It's just Some, it's just some dude in ICP maybe. Dude, it's just a, yeah, it was Jelly Wolf. Yeah, it was just, it was a Saint Bernard with a couple face tattoos on him. Oh man. Driving a cyber truck. Well, we saw a struggle, man. It was awesome to go see him. He puts on a great show. Yeah. Where was it? I think, I feel like it was in Montana somewhere where we got to go meet him backstage after. And, and with his crew. He's got a great group. See he was performing with him real quick. Who, who? Who's out there on the road with Listen, I mean, that's another ally right there. I mean, With Struggle Jennings. Yeah. He's been out there doing it, man. Yeah. He's been out there doing it. Yeah.

(45m 54s):
Yeah. And You know, there's something also, there's something nice about When you have a, when you're not as mainstream Yeah. That there's a real relationship between you and your fans. Yeah, for Sure. Kaitlyn Curtis and Brianna Harness are Brianna Harness. I don't know if that's the newest tour or not. Is that Tom McDonald? Oh yeah. It might be. I think, I think He's, he's a, is that he a rapper? They had a song Together I think. Yeah, he's cold. Oh, Tommy VX Dudes. Tommy vx. Wow, bro. That's crazy. I know him. I know him. That's just crazy.

(46m 35s):
Well, so of you just, it's amazing who you see on Google of who You know. Wrong rock music. Yeah. He's a rock dog right there. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. There's something nice about when something is still grassroots. Yeah, for sure. That you feel this weird thing. Yeah. It's like, it's like your thing. Yeah. And I feel like it gives the fans like a, a, a more of a connection. You know, like, oh yeah, he's one of us. You know, like type shit. You go see him and they're like, man, yeah, he's one of us, dude. He's the same Google Guy with one of us. We except one of Us. What is that? The Wolf of Wall Street when they're sitting there.

(47m 16s):
You never seen that wolf? I've seen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And what, he's in a wheelchair. What is, what happened? I don't know. God, I think it's when they were talking about the little people strapping 'em to the board. Oh yeah. And sliding 'em down at the, the different times. Dude, when was that? Would've been early nineties. Late eighties probably. Yeah. Oh dude, if I was, if I was backed in, I would've definitely been doing, I'm not gonna say it out loud, I'll spell it real quick in case there's any kids listening in the cars anywhere. M-U-R-D-E-R-S. And that's when I would've been doing, but now they catch you. You can't even do no good crime anymore. You can't. That's the thing. We've taken A lot of fun out of it. You can't be a train robber.

(47m 56s):
You can't, the horse will RAT out now. It's Like, it's like, and it's only for like a little bit like five years at a time, 10 years at a time until it blows up and it's like, ah, man, you miss that. You know? Like, what do you mean? I mean just like, like train robbing or like robbing shit or whatever. Right. Or You know, partying really fucking hard in the eighties and then Oh yeah. Just slowing down And people part. I just, I wonder who partied the hard, we had Tommy Leon on one time. He's a fucking greatest dude. Oh. I'm a big Molly crew guy. So bro, They were so good. Girls, girls, girls, girls. Oh yeah. Girls, girls, girls. God dude, I can't even imagine. And he was good looking. Yeah. That was the deal. Like they, they had, they had everything, bro.

(48m 38s):
That you being famous and then also being good looking like, what a lucky god. You know what I'm saying? I think Tommy was, he was really young too, right? Yeah. Whenever all that was going on. Yeah. Imagine having all that, all that going on at 2120, bro, I wouldn't be alive. I would not be alive. There's no way I wouldn't be alive like Columbia, people from Columbia or whatever. The ambassador, they're always sending me These come down to Columbia. We'd love to have you down here. I guess Y'all don't want me there. I'm like, dude. They're like, we'll give you five free tickets to Columbia. I'm like, dude, I'll fucking, If they do holler at me, I'll go, I'll Die down there, bro.

(49m 19s):
Fucking going to My God. They said, it's actually really nice to go to these days. I'm sure it is, but I think it's, yeah, I just think they want to do ransoms or whatever. That's the thing. So they try to get you down there. Oh yeah. Fuck that. And they want to do ransoms. I ain't doing That. Yeah. I would not make it down there. Oh dude. If I even grew up in Columbia, I would get an eight ball for like my seventh birthday. I would walk in and I would, it would be lights out, Bro. Oh, we're mainlining. This shit is my birthday. What's the town in Texas? We got some shows coming up in Texas. We're going to Benton. Benton, Texas. Yeah, We're going to Texas a and m over there in Nice. Where? Where at? In College Station.

(49m 60s):
Not sure. There's a new casino in Benton. Oh, no shit. Yep. Is it? Oh, Belton. Sorry. Belton. Yeah. Yeah. Belton. They keep changing the name of it. Yeah. Belton's out there by Waco. Yeah. We're going over to Belton. Waco is where, so when Parker was on, he told you this to worry about that strip club or whatever we went to and Yeah, that's right outside Waco. Is it a good spot? No, it's the shittiest strip club in the world. Is that the best one you've ever been to, you think Strip club? Yeah. Absolutely not. Nah, but it needed, it needed to be redecorated, I guess. And so I just, I, I gave it to him, but Who the fuck is even decorating a strip?

(50m 41s):
They were just mirrors everywhere. And I was like, man, fuck one of these mirrors, bro. Dude, I found, I found the pictures, but you that he was talking about like us kicking holes in the drywall and shit. And so somebody had found them and sent 'em to me and I was like, oh, fuck man. And it's just, it's kinda like passed out next to him. Chalk like drywall everywhere. Wow. What? We had some good times. I've been to some, I'm trying to think of one. Oh, in Shreveport, Louisiana at a strip club. And they had a woman in there just built like a damn Oh, CSAR or whatever. Is That the one Or Minar pull up? Csar. Minar. Minar. One of 'em is on test 200 I think.

(51m 24s):
I don't remember which one it is, but one of 'em. Which one is that? That's Centar. Yeah, centar. This lady was centar up and she was definitely What it was. It is probably Larry Flint. It was in Shreveport. Larry Flint was pretty good. This was not that good. This was, yeah, this, yeah. This lady looked like a damn off-duty pony. She just, she had Like, like a Monday night. Oh bro. And she was on the tallest heels ever. She was trying to make us up look tall. I She was, oh My God. Her, them heels, bro. Them bitches were, I mean, they, if you took, they had the little sticker on 'em with like, they sit on the top of a ladder.

(52m 7s):
Do not step right here. That was the only bitches, dude. Oh man. She was in 'em. God, it was so nerve wracking. Yeah. Straightforward. See Up there. You spent A lot of time. Yeah. Louisiana, you Over the years? I have. I used to go to comedy clubs there. You know what's kind of sad is you go to clubs and over the years they closed down. Yeah. Yeah. Well, is it the same with Music? Yeah, I mean, kind of the same. I mean, there's like, businesses really don't last a whole lot long. Like a, a long time over there for some reason. I don't know why. I mean, that's kinda everywhere in Louisiana, east Texas, like, oh yeah. You know, unless they're established or a big chain, they just, they don't last for some reason. I don't know what it is. That's a good point, man.

(52m 48s):
Yeah, I always wanted to go to Longview. I never got to go there. Yeah. See that's every time we went to like the mall and somewhere ice to eat or whatever, we'd have to go to Longview to go. So yeah, I grew up. How, how far did you grow up from Shreveport? How Far? Like four hours? Yeah. Okay. So you're like middle of then, middle Of Yeah, I'm a little, I'm like, I'm north of New Orleans about one hour. Okay. So our town's pretty normal. Y y'all to Mont about 4,000, about the same time as the same size as your town. Yeah. Kind of a perfect size for a town, bro. I Love it. Dude. There was nothing better dude. 'cause you were just, there was like two, there was enough. There was just enough people to make things interesting. Yeah. Like you, you knew everybody, but the select few you didn't know, you kind of made up your own stories.

(53m 30s):
Yeah. It's kinda like, kinda mysterious. Like I wonder what they do. Like why don't they come to church? Yeah. Oh yeah. We had a dude that had a, they bought him a bike and he was, he might've been mentally disabled or something. He might not have been. Right. We don't know him. And, but his bike had a baby seat on the back of it. So there was this story that like, he had a kid that had like gone missing or whatever and he would always riding around. It was like a sad man whose wife had left him after the baby had been missing or whatever. Oh. And that's what people thought for years. And it was like, people would like pray for him when he drove by or whatever, and or give him milk money, all kind of shit.

(54m 10s):
Leave pies in his yard and stuff. And then years later we found out he's just a mentally handicapped guy and somebody gotten him a, a used bike that had a baby seat on it off the, he Just didn't know how to get off. Yeah. God. And we're Like, I Brother, we fucking gave that dude A lot of dessert. We gave him A lot of, Hey, the prayer, the prayers were used though, You know, the prayer. That was good, man. But It was so sad. He would always be like in the distance, like looking at us like when we got off the school bus. I think one, yeah. Yeah. I think he just wanted, yeah, I think he just wanted buddies, You know. Oh man, dude, that's good. But it's so crazy just 'cause of that story. We didn't know, we thought he was this sad Dad thing.

(54m 50s):
Yeah. So you come up with all these different, You know, scenarios and stories and shit, and then it's kinda like, it just becomes like a big fable. Like, it's like, yeah. Oh Man. But you have a town that's just big enough to support that kind of, where there's like just enough room for rumors to happen. Yeah, for Sure. Oh, 100%. You can't get over like the gossip, all of the drama and shit like that. And I remember when I was a kid, you would hear like an older kid's name. Like he was like two years older, three or four years older, and you were like, oh, that's the toughest guy in the whole World. Yeah. Don't mess with him, dude. Yeah. Be so cool. That was crazy, dude. That was fun. Being young. It Was, man, that shit Time was the best. Yeah. You said your parents were kind of strict growing up? No. And were they two your siblings as well, or just you?

(55m 32s):
No, Just me. Honestly, man, I, I think you were just a bad Dude. I honestly, I was kind of a little shithead growing up, man. But I love, He's like, you know, it was kind of strict On me. I mean, but, but like, I mean, I was, I was always well mannered, You know? I mean, oh, you one Of the most likable guys. You were one of the, you were by far one of the guys anywhere? I have never heard anyone say anything complimentary Good about Koe. Wetzel Good. Except your parents, I guess. Yeah, Except for Gary. Elle just whooping the shit outta me. But no, like, I mean, I guess was like a little kid. I, I was kind of a tur because I mean, I was, I was the only kid till I was eight years old, so, you know, I didn't know no better, You know, and then Presley came up and then my younger sister Zoe.

(56m 21s):
But why'd They wait eight years? Do you think? Any word on on that? I don't know, man. I, I I have no idea. That's Rare. Kind Of after, well, yeah, whenever it happened I was like, fuck bro, like this. Yeah, yeah. Because I Yeah, they wanted enough. Yeah, for sure. But yeah, I don't know. They were super strict on me. And then my middle sister, I mean, not really. And then Zoe Kay. They just let her run Raggy, bro. Is she All right? Oh, she's a sweetheart. She's she's an angel man. She's Married or not, Not married. That's what's up. Super smart. Yeah, she's almost done with college. Oh God. I gotta get her Right. I think you're gonna be one of the first Wetzels to graduate college. So shout out zk.

(57m 2s):
Let's get a picture of her. Of Zoe. Yeah. Zoe. Kate. Yeah. Zoe. K Wetzel. Zoe Wetzel. Yeah. Yeah, dude. Yeah, she's graduating. Yeah, man, she's, I think she's got like a couple semesters left. Oh hell yeah. Zoe Kay right there. Graduat. Where's she graduate from? So she went to, she went to Texas Tech. She got her associates in Texas Tech at Texas Tech, and then Oh yeah, red Raider country. That's Cliff Kingsbury country over there. Yeah. And then and Mahomes country, isn't it? Mahomes? You bet, bet. Yeah. And so now she's just finish on finishing up nursing school, so Oh, she gonna be a nurse?

(57m 44s):
No way. She wants to be a nurse practitioner. And so I was like, You know what, it's like fuck it, you know, do the whole thing, you know, might as well, but Yeah. Be a, be a fucking, yeah. Be the Carmelo Anthony and nurses, You know what I'm saying? Be like a real Go be a doctor who gives a Shit. Yeah. Be the best one. Yeah. Trying to get some scripts, You know what I mean? Yeah. What I'm talking about. Hell yeah. Too much of this. Yeah. I'm sick. I'm sick of buying this shit that's been step off. This is for These shady ass motherfuckers. Oh, for sure, dude. I want that governmental stuff, Baby. Tired of buying shit behind McDonald's. Come on. Yeah. My sister's a nurse. I just asked her, she's like, what do you want for Christmas? I want, I said, I want some Toradol shots in case. So if my back gets bad on the road, I Can just use them.

(58m 27s):
Even if I'm not hurting. Whenever I'm getting iv, I'm like, gimme what? I torre Put it in. Oh yeah. Hell Gimme all the, all the goods. That's how I'll do it. Yeah. I gotta get a wife man. Next year. That's one of my goals. Yeah. Yeah. 2020 Y that's what I'm calling it.

(58m 39s):
My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friend still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be

(59m 9s):
Oh wife 2025. Amen. Nice.

(59m 12s):
Does BLUECHEW work? If you're asking that question, we want you to know that BLUECHEW is putting their money where their mouth is by giving you a month free. Indeed, BLUECHEW is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, ES and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost. And in chewable form, you can take 'em anytime day or night. Yeah. Dus or Dawn, so you can plan ahead and be ready. Whenever an opportunity arises, you could be missing out on the best sex of your life. BLUECHEW Mm BLUECHEW wants men to be rock hard. Thank you, BLUECHEW. They told me that that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is brick. Like a brick house. Thank you. Till every tend is pitched, till every rod is raised. Discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal for our audience. Try BLUECHEW free. Just pay $5 shipping at checkout When you visit BLUECHEW dot com. That's BLUECHEW dot com to receive your first month free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.

(1h 0m 34s):
We're your parents kind of like, were they like, okay, co what are you doing here, buddy? You need to get you a, you need to fill out an application somewhere, Bubba. Yeah. They, so, I mean, oh, were They, how were, how did they, how have they supported your music over the years? What's that been like? Yeah, I mean, they've, they've always been super supportive, but obviously, you know, them being parents, they were Like, I remember whenever I was in, I got kicked outta school at Charleston State. Oh yeah. And so, You know, and, and they like to, they like to come in and, and check on me like once a year or whatever. And who do your parents? I never, yeah, my parents. And so I'm living basically in a garage, on a couch in a garage at one my buddy's house.

(1h 1m 14s):
And they like, they like come in and it's like, and I'm, I'm, I was sick for some reason. I had like the flu or something, but I didn't have no money to go get no meds, nothing. So they come up, take care of me, and they're like, oh, we're coming up. And they walk in this garage and there's like, like cats running around and shit. I'm just kind of like, laid up on the couch and like, Uhuh, we ain't doing this shit. Like, what is wrong with you bro? I was like, well, I'm sick right now. They're like, well, this is not gonna happen anymore. But I, I was too, I was too proud to be like, to ask 'em for money and shit, you know? Yeah. Because I just, I didn't want go that route. And so, and you were outta School at that point? I was outta school. We Were Did they know you were outta school or no? Yeah, They knew. Okay. And, and this was kind of like, and had You graduated or No.

(1h 1m 54s):
You were just taking a break? No, I, no, they kicked me out. They said, get the fuck outta here. Okay. Course break. Yeah. And so this is like two or, or probably three years. It is probably 2014 ish. And we're, You know, we're traveling, we're making, we're not making great money, but we're making enough for me to pay rent on a couch in a garage. And so they were like, You know, my dad, he's worked construction and he's like, You know, come back. You make pretty good money a couple years, You know, you can be a superintendent, You know, run a crew. Like, man, like, ah, You know, that sounds great, but, you know, and I've got buddies that are out in the oil field, you know, making damn good money. And it's just, it was kind of a shitty, shitty time in my life. But I think that kind of, that stuff right there is kind of what helped build me to what I am today.

(1h 2m 38s):
You know, it made me, You know, hard shelled, You know, it kind of makes me appreciate everything that I've got going on now a little bit more, You know, having to go through those times. But yeah, my parents, they were like, this is, this is not cool. So you need to figure it out. Like, if you're gonna do it, You know, do it. So man, they've been super supportive the entire time, so it's been great. Love. Do you have any songs that are like, about your mother or dad or anything like that? No, surprisingly I don't. And I, I've got a shit ton of songs, so I'll probably write one now. They're be watching like, You know what, we don't have a fucking song about it. You know what? Yeah. You just never know. 'cause sometimes it's interesting where people find how, they find it's kind of hard to write a song to like, You know, like you see A lot of songs that are kinda love ballads, You know?

(1h 3m 24s):
Yeah, for sure. But it's hard to write one that Morgan has that one. What's it like? Oh, that's a Banger I wrote, I don know. Oh yeah. I thought you should know. Oh yeah, That's a great one. That's a barrier. And I think there's A lot of people out there that want to have that, have a song like that. Yeah. I think it also touched on a nerve. It's like, there's not really that son to Mother song out there. Yeah. I mean, or Son to Father. It's a, there's some of those more probably. It's, that's a hard song to write though. You know, Like, I feel like those songs are hard to write, like, and Oh, for Sure. Yeah. The Morgan songs, the Bagger. I mean, I've, I've mentioned my parents in songs before, but I just haven't wrote a song about 'em, You know? Yeah. Maybe it'll happen. Look, it's things happen as they happen. Yeah, absolutely. But it's just inter Yeah, I never really thought that.

(1h 4m 4s):
It's kind of tough to create, that's a tough one to kind of make. Yeah. I think that's why that one hit me so hard. I think a Morgan's just was 'cause it did. Yeah. You just don't hear It. It rings home for, I mean, pretty much everybody, You know, You guys toured together some. Yeah, we did at t with 'em this year, bro. That Was wild. How cool was that? Cool. That's what I told 'em. I was like, man, I, I appreciate you having me out to any of the shows would've been great. But to play Cowboys Stadium, you know, Cowboys my team, you know, rep Dallas, and so just dude, bro, I got out there and like, that's kind of what I was the Like, I couldn't even like comprehend what was going on the whole time. I'm just like staring around and looking, trying to take it all in, bro. It was like, what is going on, man?

(1h 4m 45s):
It was, it was insane. It was something I'll never forget, You know? I can't thank Morgan enough for having us out on That. Yeah. So just to be able to do that, dude. Yeah, man, that's so crazy. To have that moment to go walk out there like, bro, Bro, man, it was just like, you just like kept Like, I never even been on the field before, right? Like, you just kept looking and like, people all the way up, you like, oh, what? Because I was like, You know, I've been kicked outta the stadium a few times, so this was, we had to get a couple signatures to get me in over there. Dude, I'm in the back. They're like, what the fuck? Who let him back in? Yeah, Bro. That's so great. Oh man. Yeah. Has Deers tour Now. I I'm, I'm guessing it's probably expanded. I know that you had an audience that was outside of Texas for sure.

(1h 5m 26s):
Yeah. I know you have a have had a strong grassroots audience for a long time and even bigger than grassroots. I don't mean to use those terms to sound like it isn't. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm not trying To Like, I, no, no. Okay. But now have, you've found that you've, you're torn places that are outside of places you didn't think you would go before. Yeah. Because that's when things are like, wow, this is kind of crazy. Yeah, for sure. And, and I mean, we've been doing it for, for a while, You know, outside of Texas. I think we got outside of Texas probably 17, 18. But I mean, even now, whenever we go to, to new places that are sold out, it's kind of like, man, this is crazy. You know, you kind of step back and you're like, shit, this is, it's pretty wild. But yeah, it's, I mean, we just got done with Europe.

(1h 6m 6s):
We're over there. Did UK No Way. Yeah. That Was all the shows are sold out. Dude. Y'all Go to Manchester, London. Oh, Manchester, London, Glasgow. Yeah. All of Glasgow, Leeds, I think leed. Yeah. Then we did Amsterdam and we did Germany, bro. It was, wow. Had you ever been to Europe before? We did. We did acoustic in acoustic run over there back in like 2018. So, but we haven't been back since. And so A lot of the fans were like, we're we're fans of the older music, You know, like they, they dug on the new stuff, but like, they were singing everywhere to all the old shit. So I was like, fuck yeah. And so, but wow.

(1h 6m 46s):
It was a great time, man. That's So sick, dude. We got to get back in like, the smaller rooms too. So. And you're gonna Australia soon too, huh? Yeah, we'll be there in March, I think. Wow. March. So It's so Great. I've, I've never been to Australia. I'm ready. It's so great. Dude. We rented bikes one day on the beach, right? You can just rent like these beach cruiser bikes, you know, just like these motorized bikes, You know? And we rented some and they, you can take 'em out on the beach and literally it just the most beautiful beach and nobody's out there and you're just cr just ripping these bitches. Dude, I just heard it's kind of like Texas, honestly, like, like Australia and Texas have like this thing together. So it's The biggest following Outside really?

(1h 7m 27s):
Same. Nice. Hell yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Shout out to Australia, man, Bro. There's nothing like Australia. The fuck. They and the people and the women are. Oh man. And everybody's good over there. I can't wait. They're great, dude. I Cannot wait, Man. They're great. And everybody's good over it there. And when I was over there, we went and saw one night, we saw Matchbox 20 and Goo Dolls at a show. We popped over there and checked that out for a little bit. We went to a Fred again. Show over there. Dj. He's in DJs. That was pretty hype. Were you, were you doing shows over there? Yeah. Nice. Where what all, where all did you tour? We Going into everywhere except for Perth. We have to go back and go to Perth. I might go to Sydney in Perth or if, if, if we're able to.

(1h 8m 7s):
Yeah, dude, you have to be on my friend Sean and Marley. You have to, are you gonna be in Sydney? Queensland. Queensland. What is Queensland? Is that the beach? We're trying. We're we're tr we're hoping to get a couple more shows over there. So if we are, we need to get on that. Yeah, For sure. You need to go on my buddy Sean and Marley's show dude. Yeah, I mean up. Bring it up. Bring it up. Bring it up. Sean and Marley too. Is a, is like a podcast or what? No, they do. Sean and Marley. SE There they are right there. Sean and Marley. Oh Shit. Yes. Fuck yeah, dude. My dogs, Dude, you gotta go and make a Texas dish with them. They're Great. Yes.

(1h 8m 47s):
Hell yeah. Do some chicken fried steak with 'em, bro. Hell yeah. Yeah, dude, they are legends. Get down with Sean Mar. I didn't know they were, I didn't know they were in Australia. They Were on hot wings. No way. Bring it up. Hi there, Bobby. Welcome to the Hot Rings program. What? Jeez. Cheers. You and Marley look a little bit Like, I look like Shawn. We should do our own show like this. I look like Shawn, Theo and Coke. Whoa. That guy's getting, I call the fire department, dude.

(1h 9m 30s):
Wow. Have you been, have you been on Hot Ones? Yeah, went on there years ago. How is that? It's fun, but I didn't think it was that hot to be honest with you. Yeah. I mean, boy, we're used to that shit though. Yeah, dude. One of them, I'll say this, one of them, it's more like, it's not really a sauce. It's more like something you clean a bathroom with. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, Hey, y'all are fucking cheating right here. This is fucking, yeah, Well I saw, I saw like, they saw it for like Tet and, and shit like that. I was like, what? We put that on eggs in the morning, You know? Yeah. Some of it was easy. And then some of it you're like, oh, they using this to take rust off of the tire. Well, You know what I'm saying? Like, this shit is fucking next level dude. What's like the hot, like what is, what's an area of Texas that you think has the best food?

(1h 10m 13s):
You've been all over there Either. Austin, San Antonio's got some really good food, man. Yeah. San Antonio, Mexican food. San Antonio for sure. Austin just has everything, bro. Like barbecue, Mexican food, obviously Fort Worth, man. Fort Worth is Lights out. El Paso's got really good food. Yeah. What's up with El Paso? It always gets a weird rap. I feel like it's kind of this mystery, man. It's, I think they want keep it a mystery man because there's so much shit going on over because it's right there next to Juarez. Yeah. Juarez is a no-no. Like, I don't you play Juarez? We haven't, but I mean, it's like, they, they tell you not to to go over there or whatever, but I had a buddy, he went over there like a month ago or a month, two months ago, and he was like, yeah, we just walked across and went and ate and had a couple beers and came back over.

(1h 11m 1s):
I was like, dude, what? Like, but yeah, man, El Paso, we, we record out there in to just south El Paso and To Tornado it's Called to. Yeah. And it's a great time with the out there. Phenomenal. It's really good. Best, best Mexican food you'll probably ever eat Outside of El Paso? Outside El Paso. In El Paso. In El Paso. Yeah. If you're, if you're there, hit me up. I'll, I'll send you some, some race. Yeah. What, what do you think about now with, with music kind of moving forward, what do you kind of look at like, I mean, you guys are touring off of nine lives now and then like, do you start to think about, what do you kind of think about? I know you have a Christmas album that's coming out. Yeah, We have it coming out here in a couple days, I guess.

(1h 11m 45s):
Couple days I think December 6th. Yeah, Friday and then January, man just came back in the studio starting to write, we'll start writing tomorrow for that. Actually stay here and then January may just get back in the studio, try and do the same thing, I guess. But yeah, just that we got A lot of festivals this year coming up and then, I don't know. Couple surprises. Yeah. Yeah. We're excited about it, man. It's, it's, this year was was wild man. For us it was, it was insane. It was. And this year went by so fucking quick. I know. Wow. Like dog. How is that, what is that about? I don't know. Maybe that's another part of getting older, but I just feel like it was New Year's Eve and now we're back at Christmas again.

(1h 12m 29s):
You know, It was so fast. Dude. I think people are living fast too, because the Covid or whatever, I think people are like trying to live as much as they can. Yeah. Up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's it. I don't know. But it was, I just looked up and I was like, because the tour went by, tour went by, I mean, we were on the road for three months and it went by super quick, You know? And I was looking forward to Europe and then Europe went by quick and I was like, holy shit. And so, I don't know, man, just getting back out there, putting out some more music, trying to, You know, keep the fans happy. It all happens so fast, huh? It does, man. It's kind of weird how even like, you could be dreaming or hoping about something and it's like the most important thing in the world. And then it comes and it comes and it's gone. It comes and it's like, oh man, now what do I gotta look forward to?

(1h 13m 11s):
You know? It's, we, it's just ki Yeah. Like, I'll, I'll, I'm always pinning like my, not necessarily my happiness, but Like I'll be pinning like A lot of my excitement on one day or one moment. And I do that A lot and there's such a buildup of it, but then once it's gone, it's just, yeah. Like it never even happened. Kinda, You know, like, Damn, that was it. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I feel I have the same shit, man. I'll, I'll get so fixated on some shit, you know? And then once it's there, try to, You know, relish it for as long as you can and, but it goes by so quick. They gotta get you on game day down there, man. I know it, man. That'd be a fun one. And Did you do that with, is that with Pat? Yeah, I got to do it like a year ago. It was great. Dude, pat called literally the night night before like 10 o'clock, like, you wanna come on tomorrow?

(1h 13m 55s):
And I was like, I wouldn't put me on, Dude. We were talking about that at lunch. Like Pat is just like completely, Oh, that guy's unreal, dude. He's insane. He's the most, that guy's unreal, dude. There's nobody like Pat McAfee man. Yeah. He was like the male Kaitlin Clark of his job. Yeah, Yeah, man. He is. Yeah. They should have you down there next year on that red on that. Either that Red River rivalry. Red River robbery. Yeah. Or the, the Texas versus a and MA And m. Did you watch that the other night? It was great that game, man. I think that was the, I think it was the first time what, like 11 or 12 years that they played. And everybody was, people were stoked. Texas was on Cloud 10, man, we were fired up.

(1h 14m 38s):
People were stoked, man. What a great place to be from. Yeah, for sure. Because Texas, I feel like if say there's like, people start to divide off into their own states, that's gonna be say A lot of people are gonna wanna go live in For Sure. Well, hell, like every, everybody's starting to move down. You know, you got all these people from California and I mean, it's kinda like Nashville, You know, everybody's moving to Nashville as well. But are you coming, are you coming to Texas? I'm coming to look at a place there in Austin. Nice Man, fuck you. I, I need to get just, I wanna be closer to like a Yeah. I just, I would like to have to be able to be in both places, You know? Yeah, absolutely. Because I, I find myself, I, I've had an apartment in Los Angeles for a while, for this whole year. I've probably been there three Weeks.

(1h 15m 18s):
Are you still got a place back in LA But three weeks I've been there whole year. It's, yeah. I think being able to bounce back and forth from here and there would be dope. Yeah. And you've been Austin, right? I mean it's, it's got everything, man. Like it's, it's, it's badass. It's fun. You can still get mugged a little, all like that. Yeah. You Still, still, yeah. You still gotta hold onto your wallet. Oh yeah. If there ain't no crime there, the food ain't that good. You gotta have good, you gotta have crime to have food. It's too wide for me. Yeah, Dude. Yeah. If you don't have some good crime, yeah. What we're gonna do, what did you, cam had asked me about doing the inch, the 12 days of Christmas for that thing. What were we supposed to Do? Oh yeah. No man. Just read it. No. Yeah, I was, I was gonna have you read it, but I was, I should have thought about it like two or three Months.

(1h 16m 1s):
We could do it now. Would it even be able to record or? No, No, no. We're good Because I dunno if I had a good one, a studio or something. Yeah. I was just kind of overwhelmed. No, I, I hit him up and I was like, man, this is kind of last notice. Like I if you do one next year, I'll be happy to do it. Yeah, For sure. We'll, we'll get together also, man, Because I wanted to find a way to make it funny, but I was just like, I'm fucking burnt out. That's, I, I told, I was like, man, he was like, well, what's kinda like the overall deal? I was like, just tell him to be himself. You know? I just wanted you to read, we got a, You know, Ben Burgess? Ben Burgess. Oh Yeah. The Songwriter. We got Ben to do. Yeah. And Ben, You know, Ben bring him up, Bring him a picture of Him. Ben is, he's his own person bro. And he, he went in there and did his, did his like Texas draw and shit on. Oh Dude. He's a very famous songwriter, isn't He?

(1h 16m 42s):
Yeah, he, he's a bad cat man. He's like the greatest one, isn't he? Yeah. I love Berg. Wow. I met him years ago with Charles Kelly, I think at some event that they had. Yeah, Josh Kelly years ago. Yeah. He's a bad dude, man. Yeah, he's the guy. Well, he, he got in there and he read it like he was reading it to his grandchildren or some shit. Dude. Sounds good. He did. Yeah. It's cool. Well, if you guys need somebody next year, man. Sure. I was gonna say, otherwise we could just record it right here. Yeah. I just didn't, I didn't know what to do. Yeah, No, All Good. Yeah. What do you do? Yeah, with the Christmas album? So what is it? It's just Like, I heard some of the ones from last year. I saw like, you guys had a cool animation that was online. Yeah.

(1h 17m 22s):
Like you in the back of a Santa Sleigh and stuff. Yeah. It's just like, just some like reimagining songs. Like we just basically like covering 'em up and just making 'em Mars. So, And like chestnuts roasting on like a Yeah, Just barbecue on A bottle of Fireball or Something. Barbecue. Yeah. Fucking barbecue pit or some shit. Oh yeah. We, I don dunno, it kind of gives us something to do at the end of the year because we're not usually not in the studio, so just kind gives us reason to, and it's, You know, it's something that people can go back to every single Christmas. So, I don't know, Do you spread, When you start thinking about like, what are things you feel like are missing from your own life, do you feel, Is That a weird question?

(1h 18m 2s):
I don't know. I'll be getting A lot of those today. Very intimate questions. I don't know, man. I mean, you just hit such a neat place in your career. Yeah, for sure. I don't think any, it's anything career wise. I don't know. It's just always go, go, go. And I don't know, you know, I think not having the, maybe the alone time or whatever it is, You know, just to kind of reset. I was with Bobby and them earlier and we were talking about it and that was kinda one of the things I hit on is just, I Like, I like being Like, I'm a loner, You know? And because I'm always surrounded around people and stuff, but I like to have the time to myself just to kind of relax and reset and do all that shit.

(1h 18m 47s):
So, I don't know. I don't know what it's missing. Life's good man. Life's good though. Yeah. And, and that's a good point too. Sometimes it doesn't have to be. Yeah. You know, sometimes I'll ask, I'll Like, I feel Like I always need to have an answer for that question. I don't even realize that till just now. Yeah, Yeah. For sure. And then I'm kind of setting myself up for failure in a little bit of a way. 'cause I'm always thinking that there's something missing. Yeah. Yeah. That could be a, that could be a problem. But I mean, but sometimes when, when life is as good as you think it is, maybe it's not, You know? So I don't know. Do I, it must be inspiring to see your career evolve. Continue to evolve, right. And grow your fan base. Continue to grow because then you start thinking, well, what can I do?

(1h 19m 27s):
Yeah. You know, like, not, you don't think that before, but you're like, okay, how can I challenge myself now? How can I, what else could I maybe do? I, I've got, I've got here, You know, where else could I go or what else could I do? You know, It's kind of interesting, you know, for sure. Because you don't know what this looks like until you're, until you're standing there, You know. Sure. Well, I'll find myself like, getting into things that, You know, just that I probably would never have got into and be like, well maybe that would be a cool, cool, Like I say acting or something, You know, something like that. I think that would be really cool to get into or, And bar owner should be got a new bar right now. Yeah. Yeah. We've been doing the, the bar deal and Riot RAT Room. Yeah. Yeah. You need to come down to Fort Worth, man. Yeah, Dude. Well we're, whenever we're torn through there, I think if we don't go through Dallas, we'll have to make it happen.

(1h 20m 10s):
Yeah, for Sure. We'll, and what kind of joint is it in there? They got billions or what is It's, It's, it's kind of like a honky tonk during the day with food and then by nine o'clock it turns to a club. Man. It's like a Texas club, I guess. Like a cowboy club. Oh yeah. I don't know how to explain it. We got bottle, bottle syrup. There you go. Yeah. It's, it's a riot. It's a good time Gang, dude. That's your place. Yeah, bro. You have to come Out, bro. Congratulations man. Thanks, man. We we're, we just opened up a second location. We're about to in Houston, hopefully getting it up by February. See, that's what I'm missing about Party. You can open up something like that. Like I'd have to open up a place where people kind of cry about how they feel every now and then.

(1h 20m 53s):
You know? I don That's what I, that's what I say whenever I open it up, I was Like, I just want a place so I can go fucking party and not have to worry about going to jail. Like, You know, like, like nobody can kick me out of the motherfucker, you know? Yeah. Except for you. Yeah. You end up texting yourself And maybe sometimes I need to kick myself out there, bro. You just see me dragging myself out, bro. Fucking Riot ru. That's so cool, dude. Just to have your own bar. Everybody dreams of that, You know? Yeah. People dream of that in their lives, you know? Yeah. It's, it's, it's been A lot of fun, man. You guys are opening up a new one? Yeah, down in Houston. It'll open, I'm hoping for February, but it's almost finished up.

(1h 21m 33s):
It's been going good, man. It's, You know, I never thought, I never can see, like, thought that I'd have a, a bar, whatever, but got in with the right people and just kind of, I don know. It's been, it's been cool. Yeah. Especially in Texas. Especially in your space, you know? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. We didn't, we had talked about putting in one here in Nashville and I was like, I don I'm not stepping on nobody's toes, You know? That's not, it's not my domain. I'm, I'm gonna stick to what I know down there in Texas. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You gotta be careful. I think about that sometimes too, like about getting involved in certain stuff. You don't want to act like it's your place just 'cause you're there. Yeah, for sure. You know, if you're not from there, I feel like, yeah, for sure. That's how I feel sometimes I seen is Jelly Rose, is he putting in one?

(1h 22m 14s):
Is he Oh yeah, that's what I did. Here is Jelly Roll, putting in a bar. Let's look, pull it up. Jelly Lany got hers, Morgan. Oh yeah. I haven't been to Morgan's yet. I haven't been to Morgan's either. One of my, we were at Just went good not match five Story building. God, I feel like they're, they're not just like bu they're just like saying how many, how many stories that can go up. Yeah. Shout out Jelly Man. That's awesome. Bar Marquis sound will be yellow and black, including a skull wearing a crown of natural skyline. Oh, that's kind of cool, man. Oh yeah, that's like his emblem. Yeah. Shout out Jelly. That's awesome man. It is cool, dude. What a guy. Dude, you're impression of jelly whenever he is, is you.

(1h 22m 56s):
And, and I want uncle, If you ever, if you've ever been, if you've ever fallen asleep, If you were raised in the back of an Oscar Meyer Wheeler vehicle, if you've ever gotten head lice from, from bad head, if you've ever popped a pimple on the back of a long haul trucker, if you've ever given head in the front seat of a Peterbilt, if you've ever had your legs fall asleep on the shitter of a loves gas station toilet, you could win an Emmy. Motherfucker's like, what is happening, Dude, by the way, jelly.

(1h 23m 38s):
Jelly Jelly gives the best hugs in the world, bro. Every time he sees you, like he just like picks you up like jelly, man. This is, oh man. Yeah. If you're having a shitty day, get a hug from Jelly Rob, bro. Turns that motherfucker right around. He, they should have a hug center. They should have, that should be a machine. That's what need. Tell 'em. Hey, instead, all the other good that you're doing around the world, you need a hug station, bro. Yeah, I'm Just a hug Station. Give out free hugs, bro. Oh man. If you've never been home, If you never, it's $1 hugs, dude. Jelly's $1 hug, dude. Oh. Or you can pay $2 and get a little bit more of a hug. You know what I'm saying? Dude. And it is heated. The second hug is heated, dude.

(1h 24m 19s):
Damn brother. Oh man. Yeah, there's something about Jelly. He just is, there's something about him. He's just like a conduit, You know? Yeah. For, yeah, I feel like for love, really the guy just, it is, It is like his whole aura, his whole presence, everything about him, it's just, man, it, yeah. It'll turn a bad day around for Sure. It really will. He really is grateful, man. Yeah, he's grateful. He's fun to watch. His story's been cool, man. His, he's got a really cool story. Yeah. Yeah. It's great dude. And yeah, you guys are gonna be touring for how long? Most of next year or what? Yeah, we're doing a bunch of like festivals and stuff and then hopefully getting a tour in towards the end of the year, maybe planning on a new record.

(1h 25m 2s):
So if we get that out, get a new tour going, all the goods And any new songwriters you wanna work with or anything like that? Or what's that look Like? I know you, one night I called you and Ernest were working together sometime. Oh, Me and Ernest were out in, I think we're out in El Paso whenever you can. Y'all were fucking, he said he saw an alien or something. He could have been, could've been high. Could've been high, Yeah. Oh yeah. There's no telling what I don't fucking peyote and everything else out there for. But yeah man, I mean we, I've, I've started co-writing with A lot of people, man. It's, and this last record was the first time that I'd done it. So yeah, man, I think it's kind of just kind of open to brand new ideas and stuff, man. Just trying to, You know, do do what's best for us. Has it been hard for you to evolve?

(1h 25m 43s):
Like is that a tough thing to, to, to change, to do as an artist? To like think, okay, I'm gonna co-write or I'm not, or is that, do you like, have certain like kind of rules for yourself and then those changed? Or do you not have any rules for Yourself? It, it was at first to start with the Corid. 'cause I've wrote, You know, my first four records were completely just me. And then, so to get into Corid was kind of a, a hard ordeal. And then now I've, I've accepted A lot more. I feel like it's, it's easier on me, especially with the head space I'm, I'm in and so much that's going on and it helps to have other people's ideas, You know, outside, outside looking in. So, yeah, man, it's, it's been A lot of fun.

(1h 26m 23s):
Like I said with Gabe Simon and all those, all those badass, all these badass artists around here, man. Dude, I met him with Dermot Kennedy, I think. Bring a picture of him up. I think they were writing together Probably Gabe Simon, He worked with No, no Khan. No Khan and couple other, oh, Gabe. I don't think that's him. Alright, that's Gabe. No, no, that's him. Sorry. Sorry. That is Gabe. That is another guy that I met, but I would like to meet him sometime. Yeah. Small world. I look forward to meeting Gabe Simon. He's a great dude, man. No, this okay Now I feel Like I need it, but that's okay. It was a different Gabe that I believe played with Dermo Kennedy over there.

(1h 27m 4s):
We went to the Bluebird over there and watched him play. Yeah, well I just think that's interesting because yeah, it's Like I always wanna do things on my own, right? Yeah, for sure. And I was like, oh, I'll do it on my, but then things kind of change. You're Like, I can't do it all on my own. Yeah, for sure. And so then I'm like, Now I have to evolve a little bit. Yeah, for sure. I think grow up, I gotta grow up. And I've always been Like, I hate to ask people for help on anything. Like that's just how I'm wired. But sometimes, You know, I mean, it, it, well you kind of gotta push your pride aside and say hell with it, so. Yeah. Yeah. And then that's the times When you really kind of things you get better, You know? Honestly. Yeah, Yeah. Usually when I end up including other people and then I'm not doing anything alone. I think that's the thing that's, that's a bummer sometimes I think about like, it's not Like, I think sometimes I would like to get married, You know, or something.

(1h 27m 52s):
I said that. But I think it's because otherwise you do stuff and you don't have anybody to tell about it. Yeah, yeah. You're like, oh, I just, this was fun, but it was by myself. Yeah. And you're like, well shit dude. And then your wi one day your wi or whatever's gonna be like, shut up. Yeah. I wasn't There you please stop telling me about the shit. Yeah. I wasn't there, dude. I think that's good man. I think we've had a nice chat. Hell yeah. That was awesome. Co congratulations dude. Appreciate you. And yeah, we look forward to just hearing more music and just watching your journey, man. Yeah. It's fucking tough to grow up dude. Don't do all, don't don't do it all overnight, dude. Yeah. Not all overnight. Yeah. We'll, we'll just keep easing into it. Okay.

(1h 28m 32s):
Amen. New Christmas, Christmas album out now in his album, nine Lives. Thanks again co. Have a good one man. Appreciate it. Yeah. Merry Christmas Now I just on feel, I'm Like, I must be oh that, that ground I, this piece of.