
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


I have some new tour dates to let You know about. I'll be in East Lansing. I'll be in Toledo, Ohio. Rama Ontario In the Canada, Pittsburgh, pa, Eugene, Oregon. Kennewick Washington. Seattle. Washington, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station, Texas, Belton, Texas. San Antonio, Durant, Amarillo, Oxford, Mississippi. Had had a Fayetteville, Arkansas, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Rolling LA and Tallahassee, Florida.


Rosemont, Illinois, Winnipeg and Calgary In the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. Thank you so much for your support, and thank you to the fellow in Montana that gimme this jacket. Got some Indian artifacts on the back, And I just wanna say thank you all. I really like this jacket. We've also got some new Merch, some new gang gang tees in Pepper and ivory, and we've got a new gang gang hat that check those out in more@theonstore.com. Happy holidays to everyone. Today's guest is an entrepreneur and a philanthropist.


He worked at IBM, he worked at Bank of America, but most people know him as the founder of Craigslist. A site that has given so many unique experiences to the world. We're so happy to get to spend time today with Craigslist's own Craig Newmark. And just wanna let You know, like, we're just excited you're here and we don't have any, this isn't like a, like a Got you podcast.


We're not trying to do anything uncomfortable. You know, obviously you've had a very unique life and Yeah, we just want to, I think we're curious about it, You know, Well, two episodes ago you had Ryan Martin. Yeah. And I learned one big thing on, on thinking about what he had said. So I'm, I'm prepared to even mention that. 'cause he made me realize something, which I won't be able to do anything about. But at least understanding helps. Oh, about anger. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He's, yeah. I thought Ryan Martin was really interesting. He's a professor over in Green Bay because I think anger is something that's kind of enveloping people A lot these days.


You know, I find it A lot in myself and you, I almost get, I mean, obviously it's, it's kind of embarrassing, you know, it's a weird feeling that's like, you know, it can lead to A lot of negativity. It can lead to, you know, dangerous activities. But it also, you, I feel you get embarrassed of it, You know, and it kind of just takes you over, Well, in my case, it's tied in with some traumatic stress. And my deal is, I learned the hard way that no good deed goes unpunished. I learned that a person who's basically honest will never be able to successfully deal with a person who lies for a living. That's very frustrating, because I have to keep it in some days.


Somebody may be able to do, to deal with it, maybe with some help from me someday, some situations may turn into some real drama, possibly criminal referrals. But I'm the kind of guy who people for years have been told, have been telling me that some areas I just don't have the skills and I contribute by not talking. Hmm. So do you feel like you're kind of a quiet guy sometimes? Generally quiet, generally restrained, except for reasons of comedy. I know, I know that I'm not as funny as I think I am, and yet, Like I tell my philanthropic grantees that I would like for them to tolerate my sense of humor, but not encourage me.


Okay, nice. And so far, that's worked out well, particularly last night, the Bob Woodruff thing. I did briefly hang out, What was it last night, just so, just so we can, to our listeners know. Sure. Yeah. Last night there was a fundraiser for the Bob Woodruff Foundation. They run a network called Got Your Six, Got your six, Got your six, like in the military sense. Right. Got your bet. Yeah. And about three 50 organizations who are actually good at helping. And many philanthropic organizations are challenged when it comes to actually helping. But these guys are good. They need A lot of money to help out, help out vets and their families.


And this was both a comedy concert and a music concert. The guys, I think it was Mike Mark Norman. Oh, Mark Norman was there. Yeah. Yeah, he's great. And we're both from New Orleans. Well start starting from there. There's Jim Gaffigan. Wow. Jerry Seinfeld and John Stewart on the comedy side, which was great for me. Yeah. And then on the music side, Nora Jones. And then there's this guy Springsteen. Yeah. Because I, I had spoken to him before. Yeah. And I told him that as a nerd, I, I understood that he was very popular, but that, I don't know, his music.


And he reacted quite satisfactorily. His jaw dropped his wife, this was a few years ago, but his wife got the joke immediately. The, the better part of the joke is I was being literal. I really am a nerd. Yeah. I'm the kind of guy in the late sixties in high school, I wore a plastic pocket protector, thick black glasses taped together, no social skills. So You really, you did, you kind of embody that nerd. Like you were like, you saw nerd, and you were Like, I'm gonna be over here. I'll be there If you need me. I had to originate. Well, this you Right here.


You found the, the store of old photos. Oh, Wow. Yep. That's me in high school. That's nuts. Nuts. Those Are the thick black glasses. Oh yeah. Not taped together at the time. Now see, I can simulate or fake normal human social behavior now, but it is a simulation. I have to, I have to work hard on it all the time. And after a while I will start getting, start getting cranky. Okay. But the nerd cliche originated right around when I was around, so I do take credit for it. Well, we're glad to have one of the most notorious humans.


Craig Newmark, thanks for hanging out, man. I appreciate it. Oh, You know, we're in, we're in the Chelsea Hotel number two. Do You know that, I know you're a Leonard Cohen fan. Yes. And so, and this is, he had songs based that were based outta here. I think he spent time with Janice Joplin here. He did? Yeah. Allegedly. And, well, I am I near where I live in the, in the village, not far away walking distance. I have a friend, my comedy consultant, and he lived here during that heyday. Wow. He knew both of them and others. He was intimidated by, by Leonard Cohen through this friend was in the process of transitioning from music to comedy, which turned out to be easier for him to do.


He was really big in the seventies and eighties. He may not have invested Well. Okay. 'cause I saw him, saw him yesterday. But he's much funnier than I am. For real. Yeah. Okay. And that's why I know that I'm not as funny as I think I am. Very fair. You look, you got, you're, you're doing okay with me so far, You Know, thank you. If I knew you better, I'd, I believe comedians indulging, indulge in a practice called Breaking Balls. Oh, yeah. I will introduce my friends sometimes. As a guy who used to be funny, I will tell him, oh yeah.


Comedy requires actually funny material. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good starting. That's a good starting point. But He's, he's given me a couple jokes to use reminding me that at my, at his age and my age, when you get down to tie your shoes, you look around and you think, what else can I do while I'm down here? Yeah. And unfortunately that's turned true. When I do, I get down, I'm, I am, I have some worries about being able to get back up again. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Once you get onto the ground floor again, sometimes you kind of wanna stay down there. I, I used to, we used to listen to Leonard Leonard Cohen when I was a kid. My mom would put it on when we would, when we would've to clean the house on Saturdays.


And my mom would put it on that. I remember that song when the Walls came down. Okay. That's older school even for Leonard, All the way to hell. And we'd be like, all right, I'll, I'll clean. Yeah. I vaguely remembered him. Well in like 88 or so. I'm Your man premiered and I love that. And first we'll take Manhattan and then I found various positions. What is that? First we'll take Manhattan and with, Then we'll take Berlin And then we'll take Berlin. Yeah. Dude, that's crazy that those lyrics have mildly been in my head over the years, and I didn't even know that that's where they were from.


They were from Leonard Cohen. Yeah. He influenced a, A lot of musicians after he's my favorite to, in an obsessive way. And now, and then when I'm in the right mood, I will listen to him. He's not cheerful by the way. Most people will think about him. He's a Little dark. Yeah. But he's uplifting if you're into it. Yeah. He reminds me of a kind of a darker Anthony Bourdain of music in a way. I, I haven't thought about that, but I, I'm trying not to think too much about food. Okay. Okay. Well, well you have a, you Well, My problem simply is that since I've been on the run all morning, I did pass a place which had what looks like a good slice of pumpkin pie.


Oh yeah. Brother. I, however, may have been disappointed. So I'll think of something later this afternoon. Something A little less risque, huh? Well, My problem is that food is just too delicious. Yeah. And it's hard to know when to stop. Yeah. Well, it's funny 'cause at the, they don't put a stop sign at the bottom of a dessert or something That may or may not be helpful. I will face the challenge in roughly two hours. Okay. There we go. Well, we have you for a limited time today. I do want to talk. You are the Craig from Craigslist. Yeah. That is true. Yes. Okay. And how did Craigslist start?


Like just, I, I know that's a basic question, but it's, you don't even think about it as a regular human. We don't even know that you're a real, we just, you don't even know. Yeah. And I occasionally tell people that Craig is fake, like Betty Crocker. My deal is that I move to San Francisco mid, well, mid 93. Okay. And I saw there were A lot of people helping each other out on the net sometimes doing so giving away expensive consulting time. And I took advantage of that. People helped me settle in, told me about neighborhoods and restaurants and events that I might get interested in.


So you were communicating on the, on the internet, just with people looking for information about being living in a new area? Yeah. A lot of this was from the Well and early virtual community. Some from Usenet news groups, which were the first big deal discussion boards. And there was this spirit that we were all gonna use the net to help each other out. Yeah. So I thought I should give back. Started a simple CC list telling people about what I thought were cool events. Usually arts and technology, like Joe's Digital Diner, or the Anon Salon, which was a party fundraiser for a local theater.


Highly entangled with the very earliest Burning Man. Ah. And I, I never got involved with that because I realized that I'm not a burner at heart. Yeah. But did this mailing list, it started growing via word of mouth. And I started asking for more stuff than just events. Like if people wanted to sell something, if people had a job or an apartment. So that's how it started. So you started just emailing people just with information about things to do in the area. It started to grow and it was just an actual list of people you were sending a message to? Yeah, It was literally an email cc list. And that broke at 240 addresses.


I had to use a listserv. I had to give the thing a name. I was, I'm very literal as a nerd. I wanted to call it San Francisco events, since it was still mostly that. Yeah. I, yeah. I don't have much of an imagination. Well, but then I, I was gonna call it SF events. People around me told me they had given a name, Craigslist. Ah. They told me I had accidentally created a brand. Then they explained to me what a brand is, because I was that naive. They were right. Called it. Craigslist just kept growing increasingly for the first three years.


Just me. And How often was the, was the list going out? Whenever somebody had something, I would send it out. Okay. So is that once a week? Twice a month? If I was lucky, it could be. Let's say something worthwhile a few times a day. Oh, nice. Okay. The deal is not that big, but let's say high value. And I was being careful. I didn't wanna spam anyone. Right. And it just kept growing via word of mouth. And we've never really done any advertising. Yeah. I've never seen it should be. Yeah. Yeah. Should be careful. I'll wrap around to it. But I'm not involved with the thing nowadays. I'm retired, busier than I've ever been, but retired.


But yeah, the deal is, it's just me for a few years. And you were the only staff member? Yes. And what were some of those early high value items? Like what was something that would come across? Are we talking like, kind of like a, like a, a painting? Are we talking a, a, like a little catamaran? What are we talking Mostly I was thinking about jobs. Okay. Because one of the best things you could do for someone is to help them Get a job sometimes. Then help 'em, well find a place to live. What Craigslist is about in A lot of ways, is helping put food on helping people put food on the table. Right. USFC. Yeah. If you, that's a great point. If you can help somebody Get a job, it's such a, yeah. That's residual.


And it was completely free the first three years, but the people who were putting jobs on there wanted me to charge them for, to post for jobs Because they felt some like indebted in some way. Well, they felt that they were paying A lot more money for job ads in other places with fewer results, less quality results. So they said, charge us a little bit, that'll pay the bills. And they were right. Experimented a little bit with volunteers and charging for jobs in 98. But I got the, the idea from people in 97 running with volunteers didn't work.


What do you mean running with volunteers? You mean to help you? Yes. Okay. And at that point, you're just doing it out of your home. I, I, exactly right. First three years off of your home computer. Yeah. I was. And how big, how big did the email list get? Sorry, Craig. You know, I don't really know how big it got through that time, because in 96 I remembered that I'm a programmer. I can write software, which turns emails into web pages. And so I started doing that, which gave me web publishing for free. Okay. And I, when something started taking too much of my time, I wrote some more code, which reduced what might take an hour a day to a few minutes a day.


Got it. And that happened a number of times. But 98 tried running it with volunteers. The people who cared for the thing who were doing job postings in particular said volunteer thing isn't working. Sometimes things would take a while to get posted. So I had to make the thing into a real company. Right. So at that point you're like, if I wanted to keep this going, it's gotta, there needs to be some checks and balances. Yeah. And obviously salaries help, help create that. Yeah. I need to hire other people, people to do coding, customer service, billing. And that meant making it into an actual corporate structure.


Was that scary to think about that? Very scary. But the hard part was at that point, You know, at events parties, I would talk to bankers and venture capitalists who wanted to me to do the usual Silicon Valley thing. Yeah. Monetize everything. And they would throw a billions at me. And I was thinking, I don't need billions. I don't understand why people would do that speaking. And that has to do with, in Sunday school, Mr. And Mrs. Levin, they taught me that you should know when enough is enough. Mm. They taught me to treat people like you wanna be treated.


So nothing altruistic. This is just a return to Sunday school values, literally. And so we, Craigslist philosophy is to monetize only those ads for people who are paying more money for less effective ads. So not an altruistic decision. Right. Just basics. Yeah. But also a little bit of barrier to entry, which not in a negative way because you still, everybody needs to hire someone or has the opportunity and maybe they can't afford the ad, but, but it, it provides a little more structure too. Even just some basic Yeah. It does provide some structure. Right. Well that's useful in the sense that, well, everyone is struggling trying to get through the day.


Right. And some people are selling, doing things for profit, like brokering apartments in New York City and with sometimes with questionable ethics. And I found one year that new apartment brokers might make like 20 K in a year, which even 15 years ago, you had to work two or three other jobs. Wow. So I said, how do you balance the idea that you wanna give everyone a break? And I was able to suggest stuff to the people running the company at that point. Because also in, You know, I made Craigslist into an actual company in 99.


Okay. So that's when it became an actual company in 1999. Yeah. And at that point, are you guys have an office? You guys have We turned it from running it in a room in my house into a room in a commercial strip way out in the neighborhoods of San Francisco. Wow. That's cool. And the other hard decision I had to make that year 99 was that I started to realize with help, that as a manager, I suck. Oh Yeah. Being, it's hard to be a manager, isn't it? Very hard. Because you Don't realize when you're gonna go, When you're gonna, once you start to have employees and stuff, you're like, suddenly I'm a boss. And if you never wanted to be a boss, it's a very precarious situation to be in.


Yeah. I've been there, man. What, what were some of the things that you noticed you were not good at? Well, mostly hiring and firing. Okay. As a nerd, I am not good at reading people and I needed to promote someone who would be good at that. And I had already stopped coding 'cause I hired a bunch of people who were better than me. Okay. I stepped down to just do full-time customer service. I'm a great customer service rep. Okay. Not a manager of customer service, but I was a customer service rep and did that for maybe around 15 years. Okay. So you ended up just being a customer service rep at your own company?


Yes. Wow. So if somebody had a customer service issue, they would contact you on the phone or email? Well, with some luck, they would contact someone else on phone first. Okay. I took that luxury for myself of not having to answer to the phone. Okay. But they would generally email me as I was justCraig@craigslist.org. Easy to guess. Yeah. So I spent A lot of time doing that kind of thing and got A lot of stuff done. And you found yourself effective there? Yeah. Well I saw what I mostly saw was A lot of good, that is, people on the net are overwhelmingly good.


The bad guys, bad actors Get A lot more press because sometimes mainstream media generates clicks by emphasizing the bad. Yeah. This is kind of a normal thing, Especially nowadays. What were some of the early, what were some of the things you saw in there early that that helped you to believe in the good and continue to make it go Consistently? I saw people helping each other out consistently. I saw people give away stuff that they could have sold for some cash. Ah. Like sometimes you don't need the cash and then you would just give away something of actual value. Like old computer equipment.


That was pretty good. Oh Yeah. A lot of baby cribs on there. A lot of stuff like that Of, in fact, that's in particular, that's particularly true. Baby cribs. Baby carriages. Oh yeah. And moving boxes, because you can, Which could also be a baby carriage, depending on, you know, Or a cat toy. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But the idea is that When you move, you have A lot of boxes, which are still really good and the chances are nearly a hundred percent someone not far away needs, needs those boxes. Good boxes. Yeah. I used to live with a guy, I lived with, this guy named Kenny for a bit, and he was a pretty big stoner. Right. And I didn't know him, met him on Craigslist.


Right, okay. I get over there and I end up living over there and he would stack, he had a couple cats and stuff. And at night he was kind of like a, I guess kind of an avant-garde, like circusy kind of, or animal trainer guy. Okay. But he would stack all the boxes, these empty boxes in the room and he would make the cats play on them. And he'd make me come outta my room to watch the show. Oh yeah. You know, so it was crazy. But it was like, I don dunno. It's something I still kind of remember about him. I kind of, I guess it was pretty, I thought it was interesting. But yeah, people use boxes. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the deal is that people everywhere in the country are Okay. I, when you're doing customer service at that deeper level, you see A lot of stuff.


And most of it is great. I did see some stuff I wish I didn't. And that's the problem with content moderation. It's a very tough job, especially if it's full-time and you're not getting paid much. And so these people are only seeing questionable stuff and that can do some damage. Yeah. Were you, so at that point, yeah, I guess 'cause Craigslist started to be this place, it kind of became everything really fast is what it felt like just as a user. Right. Okay. It became like a first place where you could Get a used air. You know, you could Get a blender, an air balloon, or a roommate. Yeah. But then it started to escalate to where there was like, You know, people would buy drugs on there, You know, or people, you'd see people like, I would do it, You know, and you would see people, but they also had code names for the drugs.


Yeah. So it made it to be this kind of like, it, it had a fun spot to it. You know, you'd be on there. I mean, they had, Like, I remember Beef Jerky was a code name. Those many Benny's, they had that Brain Dan, or that Baby Hay was one of them. I'm trying to think of any other that Rito Blanco was a spam, but they, You know what it was that Dragon de Negro, they had, I'm trying to think that Whispering mother, that was, so that was a kind of a native one that they were, it was peyote Whispering mother. Well, I know that the mainstream press greatly exaggerated A lot of this. They didn't point out that what you see on the street always makes it online and online.


Oh, everywhere. You guys weren't producing it. Well, What they, what the mainstream press doesn't point out that if you're a conscientious site, you keep around the digital forensics. And because people leave A lot of trace evidence around CSI style. Wow. And that years and years ago, I talked with A lot of cops who were real pleased with the way that we kept around the forensics. And because of high school history, I learned the balance between fighting crime and the rights of the accused, what's in the Bill of Rights, what's in the Constitution.


Wow. So you had to, so you took that upon yourself to, it must've been kind of a tough navigation. Was it tough to navigate that personally because you have this, this atmosphere that people can kind of, it's a, it's just a pathway, right? Well, what I did is, I mentioned this to the boss and to the lawyers and said that we gotta do this balance. We had the advantage of having the Electronic Frontier Foundation available because there're the big pioneers of all this stuff online. What does that mean? The Electronic Frontier Foundation? Well, what they did is they're a great voice in standing up for the rights of regular people. And that balance, you gotta do the right thing to, for victims and cops, you gotta do so in an American way, meaning looking at the Bill of Rights, and if a cop wants to see the forensics, there needs to be something like a subpoena or a search warrant.


That's the way things are done in our country. Those are the laws. That's a judicial overview. And that's the ultimate purpose of that, was to pre prevent the kind of abuse we saw under King George. Literally speaking, I did have that really good high school history teacher. He taught the kind of civics that you don't have nowadays. But I took this in the, in 1970, I, I'm really old and that you look Great. Well, Thank you. But this teacher was great. 'cause he even took us once to a taping of a firing line, which was William F. Buckley Jr. He invented American conservatism, at least a modern form of it.


And that really influenced me. 'cause at that point, I'm getting off on a tangent, but at that point I was looking at that, I was starting to take a bit of a look at libertarianism, that kind of stuff. Again, this is more than 50 years ago. So it's funny because you kind of ended up in this space later on where you're like trying to look at the ethics of like communication, who has rights, what the, how do you protect people, but also, yeah. Give people the freedoms that they are deserve under their own life. Is that what you're kind of saying? That's pretty much it. These days, frankly, I've given up on politics. Yeah. For some years. I now regard terms like liberal and conservative as kind of bullshit.


Yeah. And I gotta, well, I gotta focus on helping people who protect the country. Like there's vets in their families, there's active service members in their families. And right now we're beginning to see battles on our soil, on our own systems as a precursor to cyberspace warfare.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Alo or Allbirds or Skims, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the businesses behind the business making, selling simple for millions of businesses. That business is Shopify. Shopify. Nobody does it better than them. Home of the number one checkout on the planet, and the not so secret. Secret with Shop Pay that boosts conversions up to 50%. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that All Birds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Theo. All lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash Theo. Just go to Shopify dot com slash THE to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash Theo.


You know, since the last holiday season, things have changed. Certainly the world has gotten busier and different. Your life has changed. Maybe something you did last year you don't do anymore, and something you didn't do, now you do. Things evolve. Certainly we have that with our online store. Different items, switching to a new storefront, all those sorts of things come into play. ShipStation helps us achieve our shipping goals. That's right. Whether you're looking for better efficiency during the hectic holiday season, or your business has outgrown your old shipping solutions, you need ShipStation to help you scale your business. I love the automation. I love the simplicity. I love being able to not only learn it for myself, but instruct a coworker. Easily scale your e-commerce business with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com. Use code Theo to sign up for your free 60 day trial. That's ShipStation dot com code THEO Right now.


People, well, like you are as an influencer, you're a target. Yeah. We get stopped for things and we have to take certain things down. Things that we think are just fair speech, You know, we have to put it all through a filter, You know? Well, I am more worried about our foreign adversaries and I'm most worried about our foreign adversaries starting to compromise our utilities, water, power, and even our cars because that's a thing that's happening in the here and now. Really? You could do a search online for something called vault. Typhoon. How do you spell it? Vault, like electrical vault. Okay. Vault. Typhoon. Like a big storm.


And the FBI have been warning everyone that right now. Yep. What is a vault? Typhoon, a cybersecurity expert explains that Chinese hackers targeting us. Critical infrastructure. What is this? Can you tell me a little bit about it? Do you mind, Craig? Well, right now what they're doing is they're infiltrating home systems to be used to attack other systems. What's worse is they're attacking the programmable controllers, which control the flow of water into our taps. They're controlling the flow of electricity into our homes. Wow. And A lot of those systems for much of the country are not protected.


The deal is that most of the country, there are rural water systems, rural electrical systems. They don't have the resources to, to protect them. So a Chinese hacker, a Chinese military hacker, could get in there And sway our elections and stuff. Well sway our water waste sway if we have access to water. Well, What they can do is turn off the water supply. And so if, let's suppose you wanted to invade a small island country, which was our ally, and if the other country, our adversary wanted, discourage us from fighting on behalf of our ally, they could just started shut.


They could start shutting off water and power. And You know, if they did that where you're living, that would kind of ruin your day. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And for that matter, they could, they could compromise cars, which are internet devices. Oh, that's True. Especially as cars become more electric. Yeah. And more like digital. Really. Yes. They could shut off your car, stall it out in the middle of rush hour traffic. If they did that in a city like New York, if they could just do a hundred cars, that snarls traffic indefinitely. Wow. Yeah. You do that and then they shut the power down and now things are getting really weird. Yeah. Wow. And all they would have to do is show they could do it.


And that would, that's where the military is headed these days. It is not replacing shooting wars. Yeah. But it's more powerful. Like in World War ii, the war came to our shores a little bit. In whatever's happening next, it's gonna be a much bigger thing. I'm planning to issue a national call to action wherein we tell everyone that we need to protect our homes. Utility companies need to protect themselves. We're trying to build the networks of networks where everyone can protect each other.


I'm, I'm not the guy to really be Paul Revere. Right. 'cause that would require like social skills. And remember I'm a nerd. Yeah. But you could be his horse maybe. Well, I need to be something. But the deal is, is as I issue this call to action as I point out that many utilities are not protected, I'm gonna piss off A lot of people. You think so? Why would they be upset? I don't understand that part. Well, sometimes people kill the messenger and I got, so I'll do it carefully. We're ramping up slowly. We have this pause take nine campaign. So When you Get a like a suspicious email, that could be phishing.


And our adversaries are really smart. They're as smart as our guys. Yeah. And we need to know how to fight back. I need to consider helping out a new group being funded at Vanderbilt. At Vanderbilt. Yeah. Oh, nice. That's where I live in Tennessee. Well, They've just started within the past couple weeks, started a new facility, which is gonna be led by General Paul Nakasone, who led, I think it was Cyber Command. And they have this philosophy of defense forward where they're not waiting for the adversary to come and get us.


We're taking more active measures. And That's a big concern for you. So that's something you donate to, right? Well that's the, a big area. Like one big area, again, veterans and military families. And I've now committed to 200 million. Wow. And I've already spent more than half of it for cybersecurity. I've also committed a couple hundred million. This is not altruistic, this is just, well, I was raised in the fifties to be a patriot. This is just me following through with basics. And I got the cash. I'm not much for luxuries.


I do get all the streaming services I want. And I do have a larger TV than I should. Yeah. I won't say anything. And beyond that, well again, back to Sunday school, You know, wanna know when enough is enough. Right. And You have to give back. Yeah. We talk about that on here. Sometimes I wonder if there should almost be a law. I mean, you could have make it a law, but that at a certain point people, somebody doesn't need any more money. You know, like, because then it becomes, you see some people they just have, so it's like, what are you doing? Like Yeah. You know, it becomes almost this obsessive thing where, I don't know, it just, it seems scary to think that some people have so much money. Well, I don't judge any of that.


Everyone decides what's right for themselves. And that's none of my business. Okay. I figure I should put my money where my mouth is and then try to get some good stuff done. Make the occasional mistake. And some of my decisions weren't great, but they weren't really mistakes. You mean like in what Investing and stuff like that, you mean? Or just, Well, I don't invest really. Okay. I do, I guess. Yeah. What in the libertarian movement and the related financial stuff in the seventies, early seventies, there is this idea of capital preservation.


'cause inflation was really bad then. So people were finding assets, which, where they could preserve their capital. Of course I was in college, I didn't have much. Right. But I invest in the literal sense, very little. I just want to keep what I have for nonprofits and some for myself, and I want keep that safe. Yeah. And, but that's the old libertarian background these days. My philosophy is much more mixed because I am, you know, told in Sunday school and elsewhere that you do want to, well now and then you go on to be your brothers or sister's keeper now and then you wanna help people out who need a hand.


How you do that effectively, no one knows the real answers for, but I can do a couple things and not altruistic. It's just basics. And I learned all that over 60 years ago. I mean, I realized recently how formative that was. That's when I started reading science fiction. Hmm. Yeah. It's funny how those young years, you, they're little things you'll keep, I still remember like certain things that I told someone I would do like 25 years ago. And every day, every, every couple of days, something was like, Hey, don't forget. You still have to do that little thing. You know, it's funny how, how like those formative years and things that we hear when we're young can have such an in, in such an effect on us, even as we grow older.


I wanna talk a little bit more about the actual site. So the company starts growing, right? Yeah. And in addition to people helping each other get jobs, people were helping each other. People were starting relationships on there. I went on dates off of Craigslist before, You know. Good. Did you yourself ever go, did you? No. I, I always felt like a conflict of interest. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, that's true. If you're like, Hey, I'm Craig. Yeah. I got, I got lucky in a, I got lucky in a local cafe. Oh, you met your Wife. Your wife, okay. Yeah. And we've been together for over 20 years now. Wow. And if so, if you have kind of some social awkwardness, what was that like for you? I decided I would take a big chance.


Yeah. I've been there, dude. And told her that she's beautiful. The guy next to me, she tells me he rolled his eyes. Yeah. And because he rolled his eyes, that's why she started talking to me. Oh. And wow. She's, so there was a little bit of some empathy there. Human empathy. Well, it could have been a penny discussion, eh, That's another way of saying Amia. But o Obviously I obviously I charmed her. Yeah. That's a Spirit. And like, so last night we were at this fundraiser because I think she met, wanted to meet Jerry Seinfeld in particular. And I don't blame her.


I had nothing to say. I was tongue tied. But that's how I normally act when I talk to celebrities. Particularly if you're backstage and there's a show going on. Yeah. And having done a little bit of that, you gotta get your head into the moment and you don't want a distraction. Right. Yeah, that's a good point. You just want to kind of be a fly on the wall some sense. Yeah. Wow. So, so you started off, said hello in a cafe, and then how long was that? Did was your relationship, how long did that kind of dating life go for you guys? Well, After about nine years, I think I brought her over to, I showed her Facebook on a screen.


I don't really use it anymore, but I said, is it okay if I change my relationship status to engaged? Wow. And it took her a moment, but she said, oh, that, that's good. Because I, I calculated at that point that parental pressure had grown significantly From yours and hers. Hers. Okay. And that worked out pretty well. That's a pretty suave online mood. That's almost the most online way you could ask someone to marry you. I feel like, Well, I hate to say it, but if you consider that a suave, you may also be a bit of a nerd. I have, I am de when I think when it comes to Yeah.


Have, yeah. There's like, yeah. Ta dealing, talking with women. It definitely, it's not my, You know, I wouldn't Yeah. Yeah. I You're Not, yeah. Yeah. I, okay. That's the nerd cliche again. I, I'm, yeah. I'm still socially awkward. Sometimes I can disguise that. Yes. But that's still me. And it's not gonna change now that I'm in my sunset ears. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sometimes it doesn't go away. You kind of start to learn it. I think I've just had the, i, I have the tough thing of asking a girl out. Like sometimes I'm okay with talk, I'll, I'll, I'll get good with talking with a woman, but it's just that next part. And we'll just be standing there and we'll be like, well, somebody should ask somebody out or walk away from somebody.


Yeah. And then you're just still just standing there. Yeah. Well, that's the purpose of misconnections. Yeah. Which anecdotally I know works once in a while because I've encountered over the years a bunch of couples which had gotten married No. Off of Miss connections. Yes. And I like that a great deal. It is romantic in a understated way. Oh yeah. Well, how did that start? How did that Misconnection start? Well, Jim decided he wanted to put it up. He was the boss then. So he did. Oh, Jim was the guy running the company at that point. Yeah. When I realized, realized that again, I'm a terrible manager.


I'd already hired Jim, who's a good manager. Jim, what's his name? Jim Buckmaster. Jim Buckmaster. Yeah. Yeah. You'll see pictures of us together and if it looks like we're at eye level, it's because I'm standing on a box. Okay. He, he's a, he's a smaller guy. He's a big, he's a foot taller than me. He's A taller guy. Okay. So it makes for a good con. There you go. Oh, there You are. You actually do have your box. That's the old office space. And I was the one who, who suggested they the gag there. Yeah. That's, and kudos to your guys for being really good at pulling stuff up. Craigslist.org.


Yeah. Man. When you guys were the first one to do.org, people were like, what is it? People thought I meant Oregon. People didn't even know what, You know, where is it? Well, It was an early use of it. And our approach was to be this minimal monetization thing. And there's no category for that online. So that caught the spirit and worked. Yeah. And, and so missed connections. Do you remember like, the first missed connection that was ever put up or the first personal that was ever put up? I'm sure people ask you that A lot. I don't remember much of that at all. I, everything is a blur. And unfortunately I wasn't smart enough to keep A lot of records.


And so A lot is lost. Like from the internet archive and the way back machine. I could see the first site that I put up was mid or late 96. And that was pretty good. And I evolved that kind of minimal style. Like right now, our site hasn't changed much in appearance Yeah. In 30 years. You Know, why is that? Well, I talk to A lot of people and they want it simple, fast, effective. They want what you see is what you get. And we've heard from A lot of designers who want fancy. Yeah.


And fancy may not be, they answer for A lot of things. Yeah. Sometimes, You know, you do see something which is impressive, fancy, and yet effective, but that seems to be the minority. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. This is, You know, what you want, what do you want? Yeah. You want heavy equipment outside of South Jersey. What do you want? You know, you want biotech, Audi, You know, in Mendocino, you know, you want legal issues, you know, you want ride share, you want rodeo interests outside of Fort Worth. It's just, it's all right there, You know? Yeah. You can put it together quick. Even a simple, even someone who isn't technologically advanced could go here.


And the, even the the, the, the terms you have on there, it's like childcare, right. Pets, rants and raves. It's like, it's just, it's every, anything you could need is kind of right here. Yeah. And that means the site is always fast and it is. Oh. 'cause it's not A lot of big back background. Yeah. Wow. And see we've helped people in the tens of millions or more put food on the table Also with jobs, you mean? And selling things. Exactly. Okay. And advertised their services. But also we've, the site is so simple. We've shown tens or maybe hundreds of mil, millions of Americans that the internet could be useful and reasonably easy to use.


And that meant A lot of people who might have been hesitate hesitant to get on the net. They get on the net. And again, that's fairness for everyone. That's treating people like you wanna be treated and that ain't bad. Yeah. Fairness. That's an important word, huh? You, it's important to you. Very much so. Because you try, sometimes it's hard. There are often tough decisions to be made and, but Jim took over that for the company and, You know, maybe he's done a better job than I ever could. And I did make for a great customer service rep.


What, how, what made you choose Jim Buckmaster? What was it about him When you interviewed him? He believed in the mission. Mm. And he was good on the technology side because he in a way had two jobs, manager and programmer. Because getting good programmers is hard. And Jim over time hired a tech staff, everyone better at their job than I was. Wow. That's cool. It's also cool to hear you recognize that like, yeah, these people are better than I was, You know, to learn where your space were best. Yeah. I'm funnier than any of them are. Yeah, of course.


But that's a, that's may not be a high bar. Well, they did sometimes did great things and like they would sometimes pull out great, great ads of all sorts, particularly missed connections and for a while ran a running best of Craigslist. Although I haven't looked at that in a while. You see, with the philanthropy stuff I'm doing that's consuming, I'm now working harder than I've ever been. Wow. Because I, I guess I am in a mission, You know, vets and their families need our help. So that's one of your important causes. Yeah. I know. Independent journalism, veterans.


What is another philanthropic cause you enjoy? Well, specifically also active service members in their families. Okay. Without going on at length, I am shocked that military families aren't paid enough to get both a good place to live and food. Yeah. And the model used to be the volunteer army would be single guys. Well, there's A lot of families. They're relocated about 600,000 times a year. Oh yeah. And that's where Blue Star families comes in. I can go on a great length and Now I think I'll stop there. But that's the name of an organization that you helped support? Yes. Well, Bob Woodrow Foundation for Vets.


Okay. 25 million from last night. Wow. And I happened to have a meeting, an event with Blue Star families, which could also use something like that, but, which I won't pre-announce A fundraising event. Well if you guys ever need a comedian and went, I'd love to come. I can't believe it. I I, I wish I'd have known last night I would've gone. That would've been awesome. Well, the connection is through Caroline Hirsch. Okay. Who used to run Caroline's and now runs the New York Comedy Festival. Nice. Yeah. That's going on this week. Yeah. That's a world I know nothing about. I kind of would like to Yeah. But people are busy, busy. I should do other things.


The Comedy Cellar is down the street from me. Yeah. I've never gone in. Really? Yeah. Well they seem to be booked all the time. Yeah, they're pretty And it, it's limited seating too in there. Yeah. And they're supposed to up in at least one more space and Yeah. I should get off my butt and do something. But there's always lots more work. Not only my own work, but let's say my in-laws need some help. Oh yeah. They always do. God. And fortunately we, we can do a good job about that, but I gotta stay focused on the areas where I'm doing some good. Right. The cybersecurity part is, is part of that because we, You know, this is the New War.


And did you start to learn that? Where did that interest come from? Did that, or where did that realization that cybersecurity is gonna be such a big thing? Was there A lot of like attacks on security at Craigslist? Like, did that happen? Well, there was always something, but we had a good team for that. Right. But, but do you have to have that, like what would say if someone was attacking Craigslist, this is what I'm asking, what would they be trying to get? Well, they would be trying to disrupt service. Okay. They would try to Oh. Try to steal proprietary information, which did happen. What Does proprietary information mean? I'm sorry, Craig. Well, proprietary information at any company is like secret information, like payroll.


Okay. Client list. We didn't have much of that because we were a simple classified site, but people thought that we had some quote unquote secret sauce. Yeah. Some big fancy stuff. And, and the irony vaulty is that that was never the case. And yet people tried to do things. They, there were some problems with leakages of that information. But the problem that I am, I'm not concerned with that at Craigslist. Now I am concerned, well I've been reading about this for decades and Now I see that an adversary would do something like, well, You know, they would try to, A form of warfare would be to Dr to try to jam or hack a drone.


Right. If they turn your drone against you, wow. You are gonna have a bad day. If it's an autonomous drone, one that's figuring out where the enemy is for itself, if they could subvert it, they would turn our autonomous drone back against us. That would make for someone's bad day. Yeah. Imagine if they, if we sent out a drone and it's supposed to get information, send it to artillery unit, or a missile that's supposed to fire automatically from the information from that drone and they're able to hack it. We could, you could literally, our army could kill themselves. Wow. There's A lot of mundane things like our, well our hot water heaters at home are, You know, becoming internet connected.


So sometimes they could diagnose it remotely. Boilers like that in factories there are painting robots and those things, if hacked, they could start running them at high. An oven could be just told to run at high. Yeah. Grow until it burns, causes a fire. And if there's a few fires like that, your first responders can deal. But if there's a thousand, you have a problem. Yeah. If somebody hacks your ovens, you don't even think about that. If somebody hacks your ovens, next thing You know, there's 1100 fires in, in, in an area. Now the deal is that there's room for optimism for help because there are already people who are really good at dealing with this.


What I'm doing is gathering together funding them so that they could work together. Starting to work with local governments everywhere. Everywhere through the country. Starting to come up with, let's say some best practices because we have some breathing space we think. Got It. And the idea is that, You know, water supplies, power supplies, they also go down because of natural disasters. They need to be resilient. They need to be where you knock 'em down, they can come back up in a small amount of time. It's even funny, like even with drones, like when I was a kid, you had to do a little bit of peep and to Right.


If you wanted to look into somebody's window, you had to go over there. Now I don't know anything about that. Yeah. I'm not saying you do. Yeah. And I, You know, and I'm not saying I do, You know what I'm saying? But I do. You know, but I do. I know, but yeah, somebody here does and it's me. Well, but what I'm saying is this, now as a kid you can use a drone and that's a laziest thing. We, you had to go risk getting beat up by a woman's husband to look in their window even if they were just cooking or whatever. Right. I'm not getting lewd with it. I'm just saying, You know, but now you can just Get a drone and go do it. It's like it just breaks my heart. Some of that kinda Stuff. Well, in Manhattan apparently that's illegal and like, oh, right Now I wonder.


I like my tech toys. Yeah. I would Get a drone and I would be bored with it after a few minutes. Yeah. My neighbor kids would enjoy it 'cause they would learn how to use it really well. And their parents have vetoed the idea for the reason you mentioned. I'm sure. I didn't even think about that. Yeah. 'cause I'm still like just squinting real hard and hope and I'm seeing something. Well, You Know, it's a big problem in New York. I bet. Bet. That's awesome. Theres lots of big problems. Lots of big cities all near each other. Yeah. And a contested airspace because of, we need the cops to have drones. You Know, that's just getting cra you know? Yeah. It just, you don't think about all those things.


You don't think about all the ways that we could be hacked and the immediate effects of it, You know? Yeah. So we need to protect ourselves in all sorts of ways. And that's why we, You know, the idea is to build networks of networks of volunteers who are running, let's say the nonprofit world, the NGO world. And that way then they cooperate with other parties. But we do have to, well it's like World War ii. We looked out for each other. Everyone tried to play their part. And the looking out for each other in that positive way isn't bad. Yeah. And like right now, if something starts happening weird with my baby camera equivalent, I would like to be able to get help from someone.


Right. And even worse, if the oven started running away, I would want to know what to do about that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. When, when Craigslist, When you, at what point were there ever like categories that you wouldn't do? Were there, were there ever, Right. Very early on we heard in large numbers that people didn't want gun sales on the site. And there I am thinking, 'cause I still have some influence, then there are constitutional rights there. But one of them is property rights.


So if you have a site, it's your property, you get to set the rules so you decide what's right and wrong there. So I believe in property rights and freedom of choice and that's what you exercise and that's what people do through the net. It's your site, your thing, you decide what the rules are. So you were able to, so you actually got to decide that or not decide it. Or you and your team. Team. Okay. I had an opinion, but I wanted the team as such as it was to work it out. That was a little bit of good management, but I couldn't consistently deliver good leadership.


And even Now, I am not a top down kind of leader. Maybe I could lead by example. My frustration in a way is that I want to be able to lead by example when it comes. There's A lot of people with A lot of discretionary money, billionaires who maybe could be doing really good stuff with that. And I'd like to have the skills to inspire them. Understood. I don't have those skills. Well, I don't even, I mean, I think even hearing today the things that you care about are things that sometimes I don't even think to care about in some ways. Or, or fears that I don't think that, You know, you don't even think that, oh somebody has to, we need to have a person needs to donate to this.


'cause maybe our country isn't worried about it enough yet. You know, it's, you know, so I think it sounds like you're doing a good job When you did your company. Yeah. Because I'm trying to think like, so guns was a thing. Did you guys end up selling 'em on there or no? No, he said no guns and Swords, anything. I, I have a feeling swords are okay, but I've never thought about it. Yeah. I'm trying to think of some gr I mean, 'cause he, he, I mean, Well yeah, drugs are illegal they're off. So drugs were off, but people would try to skirt around that. But even then, some of that was sometimes also, now were there ever co like, could the cops use your site as well if they wanted to, to like as decoy type of stuff?


I hear gossip about that. I don know how true that really is. Right. Because you don't know. Right. I do know that the cops have used the site in different ways to fight crime sometimes. Let's suppose they think they see a stolen item being, being listed on the site, then they would, well this is true for anything on the net. If a cop sees something they think is wrong and they have a shot at doing something about it, they send a subpoena or a search warrant to the site. And then the site, the operators usually pass it to their lawyers. And then the site operators provide the forensic evidence to the cops, which again is like CSI and just fighting, fighting crime there.


The deal is in this country we have these checks and balances in the Constitution and Bill of Rights and You know, the founders of the country did a really good job of that. Yeah. You know, there are amendments and so on, which we only thought of years after, but the, the people who did the initial work did great work and it, for the most part stands up today. They, they built a good structure over there. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's funny 'cause you guys there was Yeah. Just like, it's such a part of history, You know? It's such a, I mean, I went on dates from it. I remember I met a girl, we, I met a girl on, I mean, I would use casual encounters too, You know, it's like, that was sometimes I met a girl one time and we watched a Nets game and made love, honestly.


And she lemme sign her cast. Right. And I was like, You know, and it was, we had a great time. I, I think we, I think we dated for well Little, there's little, there's no accounting for taste. Yeah. But I'm glad, I'm Glad. Yeah. I know. Who wants to be a Mets fan? Yeah. Your guys can remember that one for later use. Oh, they've been on there, dude. I think we accidentally met up once, but there was a place, You know, I was like, I had a such a tough time at a certain point in my life dating there was something that added a level of mystery about it that I really liked. Okay. I've never thought about that. Oh yeah. But everyone works differently. Everyone does have different tastes and that's none of my business.


Yeah. You know, it's as long as it's legal. Oh yeah. It was, it was legal. Did you? It's funny to say that people started marriages so people even got married off of putting out a dating. Like, I would like to meet someone. Yeah. Wow. Did you ever get invited to a wedding or anything? I have gotten invited a number of times. I'm a, not much for ceremonies or galas or anything like that, and my relatives know this very well. I have a dispensation to not go to some of the more obscure events on my wife's side. Yeah. And I'm, and I'm on the record. I'm very grateful. Yeah.


I think your comedy's getting better. I've promised to, if I'm offered open mic night, I will not do it. Wow. Wow.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com or email them at admin at Valor recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


When you guys, at what point did you realize, okay, I need to, had you had enough of the day to day, what made you start to decide I wanna sell the company? I haven't sold the company. Oh, you haven't sold. Okay. Sorry. Here's the, Well, the history to prevent some confusion. Okay. I gave a guy some equity, I made it a gift. Okay. On the expectation that he'd deliver that may have not happened, but he wanted to sell, sold to eBay, didn't work out. And we bought that equity back from eBay. Nice. Now what I've done is I had a chunk of equity stock and again, thinking I don't need this.


So I created a 5 0 1 C four foundation, put all the equity in there and that's what generates dividends and sales. Okay. And that's what I'm using to fund these things. Ah. So I now have a good idea of how much money I have to give away with in the rest of my life. Because You can look at the, the resid, the, the dividends and the earnings. That's That kind of stuff. And I figure I've got five to 20 years and I know roughly how fast I should do it. And my trouble though is that I'm 72, 20 years out, I may have to conduct due diligence via a seance.


Yeah. And ouje boards don't have the bandwidth I need. So I may, I may just come back and haunt people. Yeah. Hey, that would be awesome. Yeah. Oh, I could definitely see a spirit looking for place to stay. You know, You have an excellent point there. Although computers don't operate very well in the, in the afterlife. Although I'm making an assumption. I Yeah. I dunno if that's true. So, no. So you still own it? Oh, I, this is an important distinction. I now own no equity. It's in that foundation.


5 0 1 C four. Okay. So the company was transferred into a foundation or sold to a Foundation. Well, my parts of it, other people do own chunks of the company. Got it. And they do what's right for them. Okay. Me, what's right for me is frankly to keep a little for myself because the wife insists that she needs to buy socks. Yeah. Oh Yeah. And so we have some leftover, which we do share with family and, but the vast bulk of it is now for charity. I mean, just yesterday a guy, I guess an economist, analyzed what I would've made had I done the usual Silicon Valley thing.


He said, now I'd be worth 11 billion If you had saved the company and just sold it. Well, If I did the usual Right. And maybe he's right. I don't understand the analysis. Right. But I don't know what I would do with that $11 billion. Yeah. Yeah. What would you even do it? How many, yeah. 'cause how much money can you put in your bank? Well, I don't think about it. There are some luxuries I like, but I don't own a car really. And Frank, frankly, between the subway and, and Uber cabs or Lyft. That's what I need. Yeah. And again, this is not altruistic or anything like that. This is just being sensible And altruistic.


Just so our listeners know, Altruistic means that you sometimes value helping other people more than yourself. Okay. It's the, the Bible thing. Right. And I agree. I just, my variation of have enough to be a comfortable and to indulge your family, maybe friends sometimes. And then better do give stuff away. It's a difficult balance because the future is unpredictable. Mm. And I guess it's gotten more unpredictable, but there are people who need A lot of where I can help. Yeah. Without digging into my personal stuff.


Yeah. Understood. Yeah. I just wanted to know. 'cause yeah, sometimes I forget and sometimes maybe some of our listeners forget, did you ever feel like other tech companies, even though there were probably, I bet secretly jealous look down at Craigslist 'cause it was this, like, what was that Like? I just wonder. Oh, They've, they're, they're quite explicit. They don't, it's not a secret. They don't like this model we have of doing well by doing good sometimes, let's say they're not respectful of it. And that's okay. Yeah. The thing is, I remember what I learned in Sunday school and people often forget.


And again, not pious of me or anything like that. No. I think it's fair to stand up for also what you are aiming for. Yeah. Well, I've met a bunch of rich people. None of them are that all that happy. Yeah. And yeah, having too much money is a, is a big trap. And you get surrounded by people, by Yes. Men. And you get insulated from the needs of, of regular people. Mm. And that does some real damage. How Do you keep yourself balanced from that? Yeah. Because it's interesting 'cause you seem like someone who would've a fair answer to what are some of the side effects, the negative side effects of Well, the deal is that it Of of money.


Yeah. Of having some money, You know, or coming into some money. Yeah. The deal is to be a little bit as cheap as I was when I grew up in the fifties. And to do things for yourself or by yourself. Like especially going across town. I don't need to take a car. The subway is usually better. And so I do that. Although I did get here on a limo 'cause someone else paid for it. Yeah. And they really wanted to. Good. So the deal is that, and I now, and then I like, will go to a fancy dinner. Oh yeah. That's nice. You have to treat yourself to good food. Well the thing is that you could find good food A lot more cheaply and with a little bit more fun.


And so A lot of those things I just don't, I just don't get, and I wouldn't mind having a smaller house. But the wife's side of the family is very, very large. Yeah. I have a one nephew and one niece. The nephew just got married and I had to attend that one. Yeah. However, my, that's so funny. My, on my wife's side, we have 20 nephew and nieces. Oh, that's too many. Well, it mostly means that I've learned to control my language. Yeah. Because I don't want to, I don't want to catch shit from any of my relatives.


Yeah. And it works out pretty well. Typically. I know as they say that when the kid is allowed to watch HBO I'm allowed to use saltier languages. Oh yeah. Dad buddy. Yeah. Only salt in our languages. Yeah. I was just wondering what was, what was, was there one thing like it was, whether it was a, something like a, like a, like a specific Leonard Cohen piece. A record that he made that he'd autograph. Was there one nice thing you bought for yourself that, what was something that, or that was meaningful to you? Ibotta. Some of the prints that he made. Oh, you did? Okay. Because he, he's an artist for real.


The thing which I regret is that around here, there was an auction of A lot of his letters and stuff. Oh. And I should have, I should have overindulged myself. Yeah. But I, it was the first auction I actually seriously participated in and I just didn't, I just didn't get anything. Yeah. Man. I don't recognize it. I didn't have anything in color. I did as a black and white prince. And you're heading into some of the ones that just passed, the ones in the middle right now? Two of them I think I have. Wow. That's cool. Yeah. Especially the one that's exactly what I have. Really? Yeah. And I may have that one on a T-shirt.


Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Something like, that's nice man. Especially if it's art or something like that. It's like, You know, if I could go back in time, there was like a time, one time I was in, I was in Tanzania, You know? Mm. And I was doing Mount Kilimanjaro. Okay. Right. And we, and afterwards we went someplace and they had a piece of art in there and it was like $500. Right. And I could spend like maybe $300, but I wished I'd have spent 'cause going like it, it was 15 years ago. And it's like, You know, the $200 didn't, wouldn't have changed my life that much. You know, it was A lot of money at the time. But it's Like, I didn't even think about it two weeks later, four or two months later, you know.


So I just wish that I would've got, 'cause I really liked the painting, You know, I was like, God, I just, and I sometimes I wish, like every now and then, there's little things like that. I wish I'd have gotten like a nice piece of art or something, You know. Yeah. And the, let's see, on my side of the, the house, that's the biggest investment I've made in art. My wife was an art major, so she knows this stuff. And A lot of it these days is cheap at auction. And she's good at that. Yeah. She's gotten good at a number of things, including free upgrades while flying. Oh yeah. That's a deal. That's her new hobby. Oh Yeah. And she's good at it.


I'm trying to think of something else. Were there other, so, so what Craigslist was kind of the, the, the stepchild of the tech industry in a weird way was it looked like, like that because I could imagine how jealous. 'cause here's people putting billions and millions of dollars in a building. This thing, this new avenue and all these venture capitalists and stuff like that. And then they all this advertising and here you are with this basic kind of peer-to-peer. How can I offer something that could potentially help my neighbor or connect two neighbors that could use something? Yeah. We've always been an outlier. As one person put it, we're one of the few un gentrified sites on the net.


Yeah. And I guess we like it that way. Nothing has not, not everything has to be expensive or fancy. Yeah. To give credit to a site, I consider a indentified. That's a Wikipedia. Wikipedia is where facts go to live. And in the long run, Wikipedia I think is the most important of all sites. I work with them. And even in New York, I'm working with their local chapter to give classes Wikipedia for beginners. Really? Well, when you get to write an article or change an article, that gives you A lot of power.


Well, in a small way to determine how people think of things. You get to write history. Oh. And some of it's not true. Like there's stuff on my Wikipedia, like a attaching me to like a part of my like, like my, they have my fa half my family members wrong on it and stuff. And it like puts me in a, it's crazy. I'm like, all right, Well the deal, unlike newspapers, well they don't correct themselves normally. Especially not in a big way. But in Wikipedia you can do that. And basically you can Get a good citation Oh. Some evidence of what's right and wrong. And then send it to someone who knows how to edit it.


And, And they can do it. They can do that. Oh dang, I Gotta get in there. Yeah. You guys know how to Get a hold of me. Okay. And then I, I know I can get hold of someone who can, who knows how to do the edits, at Least how to Do it. I have not gone to the class yet. Okay. And the, yeah. The deal is that the system is' imperfect, but it's better than anything anyone else has tried. Yeah, it's true. And things do get fixed. It may not happen as fast as anyone wants. But again, there's things, let's say in the newspaper of record and things, which I know are wrong and which have been presented to them and they're just not gonna fix it.


Yeah. And that, And they don't want to, I don't understand the reason they Wanna shape history. Sometimes you think, Well, the deal is they some, You know, they were brought something which was wrong. It was proven to be wrong. And they, they say they weren't gonna be truth vigilantes. I, I guess I disagree. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Well, that's a big thing about information now. It's like, it's something I worry about with AI because if there's, and even just the history of the web, like things in the history of the web. 'cause people can alter that over time. There's big problems with that.


Now. A number of AI systems are feeding on the output of other AI systems, which could be hallucinating or it could be if you train Compromised. Yeah. Well that's one way to do that. And I'd like the idea of really good AI replacing or supplementing search. But I, I worry about that also because even if I just casually screw around, I can get the AI systems produce wrong information and I talk about it with some of the people at these companies and hope that they get it right.


I do have A lot of hope for AI doing customer service because if it's done with commitment Mm. If it's done right, it can be done much better. Because sometimes, like you call up for a customer service, you Get a call center someplace where they just don't know how to do it. They don't know. And I try to be kind to people who have been effectively sabotaged by their management. Sometimes I become less impatient than I should be. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, you'll call a customer service. And they're like, we don't even know what you're talking about. But they still answer the phone. I'm like, well who are you?


Yeah. And We don't even Yeah. Instead of complaining about that, I am trying to talk about it and I am putting my money where my mouth is, like for consumer reports, which I'm involved with and working with A lot With the magazine website. Yeah. Okay. Because they're trustworthy. Ah. And the idea is that, yeah, I would enjoy working with an AI system, which would be responsive and give me good information. And even if it can't, maybe it would kick it to a person who might have to do research, but at least they would be good at it. Ah, understood. Yeah. I have one more, I actually have a question about that, but I, I want remember to ask this.


How did Craigslist make money? Like Oh, Oddly enough, since we run very lean, Jim runs as very lean and even though we minimally charge, that makes enough because we're not, we're not expected to produce great results for VCs For venture capitalists. Yes. So you don't have these, you don't have these money guys. Like, I need my return. That's right. Right. Yeah. If no one's invested millions in us, we don't have to go public. No one's looking to get bi billions. And I am happy with the current results. Yeah. The future is, is scary sometimes, but this works out pretty well.


You've also talked A lot about Yeah, that's your water. Yeah. Thank you. I have just like one or two more questions. Sure. You Want to get that or I can get it for you. I'm stubborn. You stubborn? I am stubborn. What? Oh my god, dude, you're crazy, Craig. Because I've never heard somebody imagine I'm trying to open a water, right. I can't open it. And then I say I'm stubborn, like I'm stubborn. I don I, I don. It didn't even make sense to me. It was very, that was very funny.


Well you're Like, I can't open it. And I was like, and I don dunno if you could open or not. I was just trying to, I I, I don't know, but I was like, oh, can I help you? And then you're like, I'm stubborn. But to me, in my head I was like, like he can't open it, but he just, the bottle's stubborn. Anyway, this didn't make any sense. Well My, my deal is that as an old man, I'm happy when I can still do some things. Oh, I see what you're saying. You've talked A lot about independent journalism. Right. Okay. And that's something that Like I, I've read anyway is near and dear to your outlook in the world. Okay. Well what we learned in US history in this high school class is that a free and trustworthy press is just required to keep a republic alive.


And the whole media system is fractured in all sorts of unpredictable ways. You're part of that. I'm a lesser part of it and I don't know what to do now except that I try to support things that I know work. Like the, the journalism school at the city University of New York. Okay. And Wikipedia is now modern journalism. There are other things that I try to help, but I am confused and I'm kind of paralyzed around A lot of this. So I did A lot in the past. But these days I just trying to focus in those areas where I can help Americans defend the country because that's a well-defined good, which we need in a big way right now.


And like service members active or veteran and their families have given up A lot for us and we don't treat 'em right. So I can do something about that. Cyber warfare is a thing and it needs help 'cause the government can do some stuff, but everyone needs to play a role. Like in World War ii, everyone needs to harden their systems a little bit depending on how much of a target you are. Yeah. It's funny, I didn't realize until you said some of those things like what if suddenly all of our cars were compromised or half of 'em or all of our ovens were compromised to the point where they started fires in all of our homes.


You know, I was just kind of fascinating to me, You know? Well it means also I've read too much science fiction in my time. Mm. But if I see if 1% of those systems were compromised, that alone is a big problem. Yeah. And we don't even realize it. Were there other businesses that you tried to start before or after? No, I am not a real businessman. It's been a happy accident. I'm like any success I've had has been by accidentally being in the right time at the right place. And that makes me the fart Gump of the internet, But also with the right attitude to bring one person to another.


You know, try to keep the golden rule in your mind. Things you learned from Sunday School. What about, are your parents pretty proud of you? Your parents still alive? Greg? They passed long ago. Oh, they did? I'm sure they would be. I know that my high school history teacher learned about his contributions to all my stuff. He heard about it when he, while he was still around. And that was a big deal. Oh, that probably meant A lot, huh? Yeah. And well 'cause teachers work hard for little pay. Oh yeah. So anything, anytime they have any long term effect is a big deal.


Yeah. Yeah. It's so funny. I'll, Like, I still keep in touch with A lot of my teachers. You know, it's important to me. I should, but at my age there may not be many left. Well, Well hold on. That's why we gotta get that Ouija board going. Yes. You know, I think that's the next level. What are some, what are some small, before you leave Craig, what are some goals in your life like right Now? I know you've talked about some of the kind of work oriented and giving back. Are there any kind of personal goals or are there anything like, I don't know, is there any kind of goals you have, even if they're just like human to yourself? Things you still wanna learn or do Professionally? I want cybersecurity to be a household word that everyone takes seriously.


Personally, I'll be glad if the dentist tomorrow uses nitrous oxide. Yeah. And I will make the same joke over again. That is, can I take the bottle home and he will refuse me. But we like to do that. No, we do like to do that. I think that's good. I guys pretty good. Is there anything else that you wanna share that's important to you? I think you got it all and I think people will be tired of hearing from me after 90 minutes. Well look, I, I do know if you, if you, if you really wanna get some night socks, you might be able to find some on Craig's List. I, I've, I've been advised by my medical team against it.


Well, I can remember. Well for sure is like the Batman says, I'm not the nerd you want, but I'm the nerd you got, Man. I don't know how somehow I almost get your sense of humor now, Craig. It's very interesting that That might be tragic. Yeah. Well thank you man. Thank you for, I Like, I just like some, I like your initial goals of like, my goal is to help one person find something. This person's in need. This person might have this. How can I be of service there learning When you notice that I'm not a good manager of this, so I need to get some help here. Right. It's not a strong suit of mine. Maybe this world, but the customer relations is a strong suit of mine, You know? And, and that's interesting just because, You know, sometimes we all feel like we have to do everything in, in different spaces and then Yeah.


And I'm glad you find a lady along the way. How long have you, how long has your marriage been now Married? 12 and together. 20. That's great. And it's good that I'm better at remembering those dates than she is. Yeah. Amen. Craig Newmark, thank you so much, man. Hey, it's my pleasure. Appreciate your time. Now I just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be corner. But when I reach that ground, I'll.