
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


I have some new tour dates to let You know about. I'll be in East Lansing. I'll be in Toledo, Ohio. Rama Ontario In the Canada, Pittsburgh, pa, Eugene, Oregon. Kennewick Washington. Seattle. Washington, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station, Texas, Belton, Texas. San Antonio, Durant, Amarillo, Oxford, Mississippi had had a Fayetteville, Arkansas, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Rolling LA and Tallahassee, Florida.


Rosemont, Illinois, Winnipeg and Calgary In the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO Uur, and thank you so much for your support. Today's guest is one of the biggest young acting person, people in the world, acting humans. You've seen him in Dune. Willy Wonka, A Beautiful Boy, and now His new movie, A Complete Unknown where he plays Bob Dylan in theater's Christmas Day. You can check it out. I had a great time getting to know him. He's an enthralling dang human. Today's guest is Timothy Chalamet.


We were just in Nashville. Let's start there. We good, Zach? Yeah. Yeah. We're rolling. Cool beans. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw you were just in Nashville. Yeah. Had you been there before? Yeah. Once kind of exploring. I was doing a movie called Bones and All. I was trying to do research across Country. Oh yeah. That's my producer's favorite. No Way. Yeah. I haven't Seen you yet that we just met. Yep. That guy, Zach is his name. No way. And he loves it. Yeah, he really Loves it. No way. So I, I had wandered there and this time got a better sense of it. But it's a great city, huh? Yeah. It's a good place. It's like a little city. It's like a little city, kind of like a fancy little city. It's almost like the JonBenet of cities. Of cities kinda like da, You know, look at this outfit, kind of, you know, but dangerous at this.


But it has like, kind of like an element of like mystery kind of. That's a kind of a weird example. No, but you're Not, are you from there? No. I'm from Louisiana, but, okay. But Nashville, here's what it is. It's safe. It's nice. People are friendly. You can't cheat on your wife there. So it's not because The city's too small. Too small. Okay. You couldn't take your wife or spouse or significant other. You couldn't even, yeah. Like, and you couldn't take them to dinner or something and not see somebody that would know. Yeah. Yeah. One of you or them. Yeah. So it's, There's like 14 people. Yeah, It's, well, there's just, there's enough people, but there's a, it's a there house, a little gossipy. Okay. So there's A lot of like, it's not a really an adultery city. It's not a city that's adultery's, not like a trademark of the city probably.


Is it? How is it different from New Orleans? New Orleans is a little bit more dangerous, I think, You know? Okay, okay. And better, probably better food, to be honest. Okay. I think you have to have crime to have good food. That's kind of how I feel. That's, that's, I've never heard the mo. Really? Yeah. That's interesting. Oh, you ever, had you ever had that, that yoakum in New Orleans? That Yoakum? Is it not drugs, is it? No. No. Okay. Because I've Had that, never had Yoakum. I haven't had, I haven't had the edible version. No. No. Oh, this thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Oh, this Vietnamese food? I don't think so. I was watching top five, like top five New Orleans Street Foods. Yaka homie. Yeah. Yeah.


Wow. That's a deep cut right there. It is a very deep cut. I thought it came in a small baggie. Yeah. I haven't had this, I have not had this, but You know, new Orleans has one of the largest Vietnamese populations Really? In The country. Yeah. I did not know that. I've never been to Nola. I think so. You haven't Never. Oh man. Never. And A lot of stuff shoots there for some reason. I just haven't, haven't been there before. Yeah. It's mythical. You know, Nashville reminded me of Austin A. Little bit, you know, sixth Street. Yeah. Yeah. That Promenade a little bit. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Sort Of. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. That Broadway, that area, that area is really interesting down there. What else about Nashville? That I really like? You go to the soccer games ever. Nashville. Sc I haven't been to that. I go to watch Lipscomb College. They play soccer there. What? At Lipscomb College?


No way. It's a college and they have soccer, and so I'll go watch some of their games. What's Their student body population? It's A good question. Pull it up. Lipscomb College. Let's See. It's one of those colleges that right next to it as the high school also. And then the children's school or whatever. So it's like, you can go there from K to senior year of college. Yeah. You could go from, from like K to 40, 4800 Students. Okay. But their, their soccer team was ranked, has been ranked in the top 25 the past two years. So you love, like, you're a diehard, you know, season ticket holder, you're there all the time. No, sometimes I'll text my neighbor's a coach. Like, Hey, you mind if I pop By? Might just pop by. And you're, and they're cool. And he'll Be on the field. He'll like, yeah, sure. Pull Up. You know, you're like, do you get like the McConaughey UT pass?


You can go wherever you want. It's, there's not A lot of bleachers. So it's pretty So you're, You're basically on the field all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I was amazed. I was at that, that UT Georgia game. And McConaughey gets full. Oh, you went to that? He gets full license. Yeah. He could do whatever he wants, because I already had a field pass. I thought I was pretty Right. You know, high level in some way. He's like with the coach. Oh yeah. He call him plate. He's coaching. He's taping a guy up. He's taping a guy up. He's like, you're gonna be all right. All He's living the experience. You know? I got a buddy who's on the Nashville soccer team. His name's Alex Mule. Oh, really? Let's pull him up. Let, let's give some Shine, because I want, I need to go watch him. You think if I hit him up, he would invite him to a game? Absolutely. And the, the games are often sold out. You know, I grew up with this guy, Alex Mule. Yeah.


But he was always M-M-U-Y-L. That's the bane of his life, man. Poor guy. Oh yeah. People that can't spell Mule. Yeah. This is amazing, man. I wish this is like, this is what AI's gonna be in 20 years. You just say it and it pops up. Oh, as we're talking, the computer follows. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Have you ever, have You ever thought about that? Have you tried, do you use the vr, the Vision Oculus, that kind of thing? No, no, no. The air, the, well, Oculus too, I guess. But the AirPod vision, whatever. What do You mean? Like blue blockers or Something? Pro? The Vision Pro. Vision Pro. What is it? The Apple Helmet. But Tell me about Mule. I just wanna, yeah, yeah, yeah. My bad. My bad. So you played ball with him growing up? I Played ball with him growing up, and he was just gifted. You know, it's tough. You know, you could play like, it's like that last dance Chicago Bulls documentary.


Some of those guys will be partying all night. Oh yeah. And then they'll, then they'll drop like Dennis, Robin Hill will drop 40, You know, it's Like I could work my ass off. And if you don't have the gift of physical talent of athleticism, you're cooked. Yeah. You're done, dude. Yes. Some people got that. Damn. You got a damn foot Mozart out there. I don't have that. Yeah. Alex Mule is a foot Mozart. Really? Yes. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's fire. Absolutely. Yeah. I gotta go check him out, man. I, I haven't been to see a game. It's unfortunate. I did get to go see Vanderbilt, which is the college that's, that's the SEC college that's actually in Nashville. That's What I visited. Yeah. Oh, really? I was at Vanderbilt. Yeah. Oh, wait. Yeah. I saw a video of you out there. I, You know, I never had that American college experience. You know, I went to Columbia for a second. I went to NYU, so I'm jealous of that. Wow. But Vanderbilt, respect Vanderbilt.


It didn't feel like ut or it didn't feel Like I had a huge campus or a Huge No, it's a smaller, it's a smaller energy. Yeah. Yeah. But we went to one game this year. They played Alabama and, and they beat, they upset Alabama. So That was huge. It was crazy. 'cause they're usually, their football program's not that good. Right. It's not. Yeah. And they know that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. We're not total a secret. No, no. You know, you gotta keep keeping their place. But That was the game they won. And look, they didn't even, it was like all these lawyers in attorneys, like tearing down the goalposts. No, they even had, they had a, there we are after the game. We actually, we, Is it a big law program? Carl Lee is their coach, and he's an awesome guy. I mean, he's a class act. You just get smoked. We got to. Yeah. Oh, there you are, dude. What Doing on the field? Dude?


Dude. Whatcha doing on the Field? Dude, bro. Shouldn't you Almost, you almost ran that person over. Hey Bro. That's amazing. Put on a Helmet. Girl. That was a girl. That should not have been. Yeah. Yeah. You almost, you almost ran her over. Yeah. She shouldn't be playing wide out at, you know, it's just different. But No, it's a, what's it like there? It's a, oh, after the game. So they had like engineers, like, how should we take this down? And then there's just drunk kids. Like, are you serious? Just rip it down. Yeah. And then they carried it down Broadway. Which is like the street you were talking about. Yeah. The goalpost. 'cause they'd never had it happen. And Those kids had never broken a law in their life. Yeah. They even tried to valet park the goalpost at like a restaurant. Oh No. Yeah. Is it a fancy it like an expensive, fancy type school? I mean, I don't think it's A lot of, it's A lot of kids that have never played probably dice in an alley.


I would say that. So I would say it's, You know, probably pretty decent, you know? Man, that's pretty crazy, huh? But It's a, it is a really cool, it's a cool program, man. I Feel Like I could see three stadiums from my hotel. I feel Like I could see the Vanderbilt one. Yeah. Tennessee Titans one and Nissan Stadium. Shout out Nissan. Yeah. Is Nissan a big Tennessee car manufacturer? That's A good question. I don't think so. It sounds Nissan. It's Japan. Japanese. Its Japanese. Huh. Huh. Interesting. Dude, thanks for coming in, Timothy. I appreciate it, man. Man. Thank You. You know, I, not with the shameless plug, but I got this movie, A Complete Unknown coming out Christmas Day, just watched. Yeah. Did you actually see it? Yeah. Fantastic, man.


So I'm excited that, that we can actually talk about it. And I was very much in the time period of the movie the whole time, trying to stay without being a dick, You know, within the bounds of the character. But somebody in the hair and makeup trailer, at the end of the day, they would play this podcast, You know, which is how I discovered it. And particularly the, the episodes with the Garbage Man and Oh yeah. Sort of like the Real Life episodes, the lunch lady, the coroner, Wayne. Yeah, Wayne the Garbage Man. He's doing good. Those were, those were like awesome episodes, You know? Thanks, man. And sort of like worldviews that I wouldn't get otherwise, You know? Yeah. And yeah. And you're from New York, right? And I'm from New York. So garbage men. He, he totally re-contextualized that for Me, bro. He did a great job. Yeah. Because they used to have, they used to have, they used to Hate them, you know? Yeah, Yeah.


Because you think they're taking their time. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You Think, and I realize how tough that job is. It, I mean, he was like throwing, throwing dogs in the back of the, I mean, that story is, do You remember that? There's A lot of Yeah, A lot of, A lot of, yeah. Missing. Yeah. Formerly living things started to disappear. Yeah. In the back of the back Of the, well, they used to have incinerator in the buildings. That's what was craziest. Right, right, right. So that the people would put their trash, it would hit the incinerator, and then they would just have, I mean, this is like six years, seven years ago, I think. But they would just have soot in barrels, You know, or in cans on the side of the street. And then they started getting bags. But he said, yeah, there's been times where A lot of things have shown up. But thank you man, for checking it out. Yeah. Or for just hearing it on accident.


No hearing on accident. Loving it. And, and I'm so happy you saw this movie and this is like, You know, I hope this isn't like a shameless self play, but Bob No, it's not at all this. Yeah, man. We're happy that you're here and it's interesting. I appreciate it. No, I appreciate it. Yeah. And you get to do a biopic or biopic, how do you say it? I still don't know, man. Biopic sounds like a medical procedure. Yeah. You know, that sounds like someone Yeah. You know, is inspecting your lungs to see if you played the role the right way. I like biopic. Biopic sounds fancier. Yeah. Biopic does sound fancier. I think that true. Yeah. Biopic was it like, so let me think about a question like that. Just so people know. This is about a four or five year period in Bob Dylan's life. This Is a period, yeah. Four or five year period in the early Bob Dylan's life.


And I'm sure A lot of people listening to your program are already fans of Bob Dylan's. But I'm sure A lot aren't 'cause to my generation, You know? Yeah. People, some people don't know, So don't know. And he's really one of the most fantastic American artists of all time, and has influenced our culture and so many deep ways. And it's just, You know, I grew up on, on Kid Cudi and hip hop, and that was really my, You know, my, my, my passion. And then somewhere in my twenties, because this movie I was working on, I became obsessed with this, this man Bob Dylan, who's absolutely, I could just speak about him endlessly. And, You know, I would love if people saw this movie, and even if they got a passing interest, discover the world of Bob Dylan. I feel like we get to be a bridge or a gateway to this, to this guy.


And I hope this isn't one of your episodes where you got like someone, You know, like one of the one people skip. 'cause it's like a, a person plugging. So, You know what I'm saying? Like a, like a, I don't wanna use that word celebrity, but like, you know, because my favorite episodes of yours are Oh, like A fancy, like a fancier person. Hypothetically. Fancier. No, I don't mean like that, but just Like, I, like, Like I said, I like the ones that Yeah. We don't Have like, A lot of celebrities on really, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I never really used that word, but No, that's okay. Yeah. No, no, I don't think so. Look, man, I, I think I feel like this part of the job is that though. 'cause when I, when I'm working, I'm really very much point it, You know what I mean? And then here, anyway, yeah. Actors Get kind of a weird rap though, because then they also have to be celebrities in Some way, in some way. And so that's, Talk About that.


Well, if you wanna, if you want to get your movie out, you, there's, there's only a limit of how pretentious in some way, You know? Right. Private, whatever. You know, I want, I want this, especially this movie. I believe in this movie, and I believe in this man. He's a tremendous artist. So I want, I want to, You know, get it out there. Yeah, Yeah. No, I don't think that's, man, I think that, like you did the movie with the young man with drug addiction, with Steve Carell son. Oh Yeah. A Beautiful Boy. Yeah. Which was awesome, man. Yeah. Yeah. I Know you struggle. I've made Thank you for that. Yeah. I know you struggle with that a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, man. Yeah. And so many people have, and it's like, so I don't think there's any doubt in people's mind about your ability to be a bridge between, whether it be ato, You know, a story or a person to a new generation, or to new listeners or, or people kind of appreciate IMing It Appreci.


And I appreciate you bringing A Beautiful Boy. And I feel like you're doing the exact same thing. Not to just blow smoke up each other's ass, but I feel like When you, oh, We're a couple of naughty Native Americans Right here. Come on. Come On. Yeah. Blow. We're a couple. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. If you're not, if you're listening to this and not watching this, we're fully the bottom half of our body. We're Out here booth and, huh? It's getting spicy out here. I don't even Know what that means. Okay. I don't either. I don't even know what that means. Take that out, but No, no, no. But, but yeah, because I know you speak on it too, and you probably empower people, You know, that otherwise would be doing some naughty stuff. Yeah. People wanna hear us. People wanna see it. People wanna see like, a little bit of a journey that they can relate to or hear about it. Yeah, exactly. What, so about the character, like, so Bob Dylan has like such a famous 'cause Yeah.


A lot of younger generation might not know about him, You know? Yeah. And a, A lot of, he has such like a, that's a Good Bob Dylan, Man. Was it? Yeah. That was good. How did you do When you first decided? 'cause I'm sure you had to practice it in your room or something. Like, tell me about the first That was super gradual. Can't do it with people that are fans, because people that are fans of Bob Dylan will go, they'll all tell you got it wrong. That's the trouble with playing someone so famous and beloved. Everyone's got an opinion about 'em. Yeah. So you gotta put the blinders on and just kind of do it around people that, You know, look, man, I'm usually not that prick actor who's like, obliging his friends or whatever to listen to the, the character he is working on. But this is the one time I did that. Oh. I Think you have to do that.


You have, because Yeah. You don't wanna get out there and do a bad job of it. Exactly. Man. This, this would've been blasphemous. I would've gotten killed. I mean, I could still get killed. Yeah. But now it seems like, You know, again, getting a little bit Of, Get a little bit of love. You know what I'm saying? You Might Little Bit of that. Hey, snipers down, lay down snipers. Yeah. But was there a moment where you tried that? Where you actually tried it? Yes. Very gradually. I had, I, I had to, there's a great dialect coach named Timm. You know, you can work with people that are like experts in this field, and they'll tell you how. Oh really? Yeah. How to go about it. He, this man Timm invented dialect coaching. He came up with it. Tim Mon, let's bring him up. You get a gander around Timm. M-O-N-I-C-H. He's worked with Leonard DiCaprio. He's worked with everyone, you know.


Oh. So he's a famous Dialect coach. Man, I've never looked him up before. Yeah. Tim Mon, there he is, right there. Okay. Is that the man? Yeah. There I, there I am with him. I got in trouble anyway, But Oh, you did? What happened to you? I got In trouble because the strike had just hit and I was just hanging out with him and, and I didn't really get in trouble, but people Oh. People thought I was people. I thought I was a scab and I was working with him. Oh yeah. But he's a Crossing lisp lines or whatever. You're right, dude. You're right. You're right. That's Crazy. That's the only, only union where you'd be crossing the picket line by working on your tongue. Fuck. But it was a real thing, dude. Oh Yeah. A real thing. Really. Scab. Stop working on the accent. How Dare you learn Spanish.


Yeah, exactly. That's Crazy. Wow, man. Next time I'll call you, because actually When you put it like that, it's like, what are you supposed to do? You know, like, and I wasn't working with him. I was hanging out, you know, we went to a shitty, super shitty, it's bleak man. Like the way Bob Dylan, when he came up, there was like all these cafes in downtown New York and the music. And Now I went, I was trying to find the folk scene in modern day Manhattan. And it was brutal. Oh. I think in Manhattan, probably. Maybe like in the, somewhere in the village probably, right? Yeah. But It was brutal. I mean, went to, it's still rough. I went to Cafe Wild where Bob Dylan came up and it's just like Aerosmith covers now. Oh. So some guy dream out, you're like, oh man, this, oh yeah. This is not how it was right now. Why You gr It's just a, and it has like a small apostol in the back, kind of like, yeah, exactly.


Exactly. Yeah. That's kind of a bummer. Did you have to meet Bob to get into this kind Of, I never got the chance to meet him. Not yet at all. No. Oh, He's super reclusive. Yeah, he's elusive and recs. He's that reclusive. Yeah. We, I don't know if I'll ever see the movie. Yeah. He's a, he did this expost, I've been taught to say it's not tweet anymore, I guess fucking Expost. But that he did it like three days ago, you know? And that was more the, he, he, he, There's a movie about me opening soon called A Complete Unknown. Timothy Chalamet is starring in the lead role. Tim, he's a brilliant, Timmy is a brilliant actor. I kinda respect it though. Nice. Honoring your youth. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Timmy Timmy's my 12-year-old expression dude.


Timmy's a brilliant actor, so I'm sure he is gonna be a completely believable as me or a younger me or some other me. The film's taken from Elijah wa Dylan Goes Electric, a book that came out in 2015. It's a fantastic retelling of events from the early sixties that led up to the fiasco at Newport. After you've seen the movie, read the book. Oh, that's nice. Super Sweet. And then, so Do you even talk to him on the phone or anything yet? No. Nothing. Like, I never got the chance to talk to him. Yeah. I like that you pointed out to Timmy. I tried, you know, when I was 19, 20, I was, you know, I was evolving into Timothy. You, She, your she some letters. She, I she some. No. Add some letters. Add some letters from Timmy to Timothy. Yeah. I thought You were going Tim. Sorry. Tim Would be, You know, You know you want Timothy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tim, Like I said, said, Oh, you said from Timmy to Timothy. Yeah. Yeah. Forties, fifties.


Couple ex-wives. Then you go, Tim, then you go, Tim, you know, You know, I'm like, You know, like mowing my lawn all day. Yeah. Hey, Tim. Exactly. Missed a spot. Missed this spot. Yeah. You know, you know, like, oh, There's a bird's nest there. Calm down. You know, Sort of a disgruntled expression on my face, watching my kids sports games, because they're not playing to the level that I wish At a swim meet too. I at a swim meet, swim meet's the worst because you can't even talk to the person next to you. 'cause it echoes so much in the room. I've Never been to a swim meet in my life. Even If you whisper a little that people hear it. It travels. Yes, it travels. Oh, you cannot gossip. How Many swim meets You go to Lipscomb college swim meets. I, I mean, I don't go to the, I've been it yet. I've been aside. You gotta be Careful, dude. Yeah, I do. You're right. And it is.


And I definitely watch from my car with binoculars, so it's not too creepy. So it's normal. It's totally normal. You've been so, the fact you've been doing it since your early twenties means that, You know, oh yeah. It's cool. Kind of grandfather here. Your grandfather is, that guy's not a pedophile. He's, yeah, he's, he's an artist. He's an artist. And, and this show happened. You know, this show sprouted in this period of you doing that. So how can you fault the process? The proofs of the pudding? Yeah. The guy, how do you expect him not to rehearse his own life, but Yeah. Yeah. You can't, that's the thing. You just can't gossip at a swim meet, man. Yeah. What were we talking about? I don't know. I've never been to a swim meet. You know, that's a very non, you know, like, there's four pools in New York City. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? That's true. We don't have swim meets, but we have What do you guys Have?


We would play Dyson, the alleys, like you were saying before. No, I'm kidding. But, You know, I was talking about this the other day, like my high school, they wouldn't let us out for lunch. Would they let you out for lunch or no? Oh, yeah. Yeah. You can do whatever you wanted at lunch. Yeah. They didn't let us out. I feel like my skin tone from when I went into high school, by the time I got out, I looked sickly. I haven't recovered. Oh, It got very, you got kind of like, yeah. Very Anemic. Yep. Anemic. I'm sure. What else is it called? Kind of Boo Radley esque, kinda. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. You know? Yeah. Because they should give you at least an hour in the sun. They give it to inmates. Yeah. Yeah. And just 'cause I'm learning social studies. I don't get it. I don't get it. Exactly. And then I'd be in the basement doing, just acting all day. Just 'cause I'm learning fucking Voltaire. I don't get 40 minutes In the, the sun. Yeah. I don't get 40 minutes in the sun. Nothing. A raisin got in the sun. Oh, hey.


I don't, That's a good complain. Knowledge right there, man. Denzel Washington. I'll accept that. I accept that Washington. Thank you very much. I heard your big play guy. Really? No. Oh, thanks. I was like, God, I don't want that going around. Hey man, that would listen. That's the subversive, no one would, no one would expect it. That's, that's very low key. Dude. Is there theater in Nashville? Yeah. There's Gotta be, there is a theater program. That's a good question. I grew up in Louisiana. We didn't, we had some theater we just did. Like Did you ever Do theater growing Up? Yeah, I did. I did. Well, it was just called drama club or whatever. And it was A lot of people who was, it was A lot of people I think that were wanted to be actors and then A lot of people that just were kind of like the outsiders. Yeah. Outsiders. Yeah. I went to the high school as the opposite. The drama kids were the Oh, the cool kids.


Yeah. And the, and the basketball kids were like, no, there was like four of them, bro. I mean, that's gotta be interesting. Yeah. Because A lot of people don't get that opportunity. No, it skewed my perception of the real world. 'cause then I got to Columbia and I was like, oh shit, the value system is totally different. Yeah. You know? But actually in a serious way, it kind of motivated me to go pursue my acting even harder. But did you ever think about acting or Be like, what's the exchange rate on this hamlet scene? I have know Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I did just some stuff at school, but I would always mess it up. Like I, we did like Sherlock Holmes or something, and I was like, Watts or whatever, his buddy or whatever. It's like his, okay, who is Sherlock? His man crush, whatever. And our, our guy was very like, progressive. So he tried to make it there to be like this small, like, lover scene or, or just like some ambiance between Sherlock and Watson.


You didn't Go for it. I don't know if I went forward or not. I was like, you gotta be bold. You gotta go out there, Man. You gotta be bold. You gotta be both. You would've earned the respect of all your classmates. Or actually, I don't know where you're from, maybe Who knows? Gone either way. But, but yeah, there was this definitely kind of romantic where they're looking for the clues and they're kind of finding each other. That's what the guy said. Yeah. And I was like, this seems like insane. But, But you didn't do it. Well, I, I tried my best, but then I remember I got, the first night I got out there on stage, I took on this Latino accent for some reason. That's a strong choice, man. It's all by. And nobody knew it was coming. Perfect. And I was like, what's up Holmes? You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, so yeah, that was just, and that's when I realized I, it was tough for me to be in some ensemble things. I just wanted to be by myself, You know, like that kind of thing.


You found this, I mean, this sort of format, right? Yeah. That's where standup came. Would you do, would you do a movie if it came, came your way? If I've got to make it, yeah. Myself. I think. Okay. All right. You, you don't want to be slotted into something Like, I don't think so. I just am super protective about myself for some reason. Which may seem kind of weird. I don't Know. For some reason, for some reason you had me on, That was a bad choice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, a good choice dude. Yeah. Who, so in New York, When you were a kid, like who was your best friend? Best friend growing up? Nobody man. He was like a neighbor friend. Always pursuing acting. Dude. Were you really? I was born, I was bred at Warner Brothers Studios in a, in a little embryo fluid. It was just like that. Yeah. Nah, man. You know, probably Brett Goldstein, You know, a Guy kidding.


In your building or something from School? No, it was a kid on the Upper West Side that my older sister was friends with, with his older sister, Brenna. And just, I think they still live there. Greg and Bess. Those are his parents. And Brett, You know, that was my whole friend group. Then they all, my whole friend group went to this school called Computer School. And then I went to school called Booker t Washington. So I lost my, I lost my friend group there. Hmm. But, And do you have a roommate now? No. You don't. Thank God, man. That's like more than that. Sorry. No, I mean, but fucking, that's more than anything. That's what JE Nick says on, on Netflix. He says, you really made it When you don't have a roommate anymore. Oh yeah, That's true, man. Oh, in New York In life, You know? Oh, Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. I think in, well, especially in New York, because it's so expensive in other places. Some people get a roommate because they just get maybe lonesome or whatever.


Do you, do you have a roommate? I don't have a roommate. You know, I would like to get one, or I'd like to get a wife maybe this year. Where, Where Next year. How do you go, how do you know? 2020. That's what I'm calling it, dude. 2020. How do you go about that? I think getting out there and meeting people. Do you have friends that you trust that you would trust, like to set you up Some, but sometimes you're shocked at who they'll set you up with. Really? Like, you're insulted. I mean, You're just like, well, we must think d you think differently I me than about you. Me, About how, so gimme an example. Just like no names, but how Just somebody put me all with like a, you know, just a, a woman head. Like, you know, any way I say this, I lose here. Okay. Right, Right, right, right, right. All right. Upset Just people that there was no, How do you do this format?


Like, you're never nervous that people are gonna watch that you're, that you're talking about. Yeah. But I just make sure that I'll just try and don't say anything that would be really mean about somebody. And you send, so right there, it could've got Weird. Right? And you send, you'll send scary people after people, you know. Oh, well. I mean, we'll, things get, You'll send, send guys in suits outside people's house, make sure they don't, there's a Podcast fear out there that things, You know, get handled or whatever. I don't wanna use that term. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, that's Terrifying. You know, it's not a, there's no lawyers involved. I'll say That. Right. You're just winging it. The Lord Is our lawyer. That's the, is that's of these people's motto. Right, Right, right, right. So It gets, it gets kinda like that.


This episode is sponsored by Prize Picks, baby. You know it, you picking prizes. I am. If you like firing on sports, then Prize Picks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. It's unique. I'll say that. And right now you can sign up and you get $50 instantly When you play just $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. December means it's the season of giving ba ba, ba, ba and Prize Picks. Only knows one way to celebrate Pickus. Merry Pickus follow along this holiday season for free Picks, discounts, free lineups, and more coming at you all month long. You can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and many more. Instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. Each player has a set projection. That's what I like. And so you can say, alright, well, Kirk Cousins and less than 207 passing yards or more than you get to choose. And you could m that up with a Anthony Richardson, more than seven rebounds or less than if you're smart with sports and You know what players are gonna perform on what nights, then Prize Picks is the best app for you. First time users download the Prize Picks app use code Theo and Prize Picks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50 Prize Picks.


Today's sponsor is Kraken. That's right. Kraken the number one ranked crypto platform by Forbes for December, 2024. You know, I actually have a Kraken wallet. I got a Kraken wallet. I've had a couple of coins over the years. A little bit of this and that, You know, just a safekeeping, You know, like a squirrel trying to put that thing away. You feel me? Adding the price of Bitcoin has been climbing. And if you've been thinking, man, I might need to get me some of that digital gold. Well, Kraken is where you need to be. That's where you can do it. Kraken has been in the crypto game for over 13 years. Wow. Which is actually longer than a little, bit longer than I was in college. Just a couple years longer. If you know me, you know, I have personally dabbled in crypto. That's true. You know, it's been this and that and, and became way too obsessed with checking the price. Sometimes even in the middle of the night. Ask me, boy, vaping and chicken. Well, what's that? BTC at Daddy Kraken even lets you build your own watch list to keep tabs on the price of Bitcoin, doge, and the hundreds of other crypto that they've got available. You're probably wondering, is Kraken safe? Well, let me tell you, Kraken security is tighter than your aunt's Christmas ham baby. You feel me? Gang? I'm downstairs. You got questions? You'll sleep like a baby knowing their 24 7 customer support has your back. So head to Kraken, K-R-A-K-E n.com/ Theo and sign up now. That's K-R-A-K-E n.com/t HEO. This is not investment advice. I want you to know that crypto trading involves risk and loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through Pay Word Interactive Incorporated. See Kraken dot com slash legal ca dash p ru dash disclaimer for info on krakens undertaking to register in Canada.


Sometimes you, you want to, you want to get the best information from the best source, right? You wanna learn from, you wanna learn from the most articulate and accurate person on a topic or field. And that's where MasterClass comes in. With MasterClass. Your loved ones can learn from the best to become their best. MasterClass is the only streaming platform where you can learn and grow with over 200 of the world's best. That's why Wire Cutter calls it an invaluable gift. Plus there's no risk. Every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. There you go. So give your loved ones a year of learning with MasterClass. Wow. I guess you could just go from one class to the next and experience different things from some of the most experienced. That's cool. MasterClass always has great offers during the holidays, sometimes up to as much as 50% off. So you can head on over to MasterClass dot com slash Theo for the current offer. That's up to 50% off at MasterClass dot com slash t MasterClass dot com slash Theo.


Do you, When you go into a role like this, do you start to think, like, so A lot of younger people will think that you are, you are Bob Dylan. You almost become, you almost take a piece of the person's existence in a strange way. Does that make any sense to you? Yeah, man. Yes and no. You know, because I, I become such a fan of his that it's not Like I feel like I'm a blemish on the legacy, but I No, not at all. That's all what I mean. No, I know. People are gonna think when they, yeah. Some people are gonna think you are Bob, they're gonna th that when they think of him in the future, your face will come into that. I'm Just saying that even if I have like, You know, a healthy amount of self-respect, it's never gonna come close to who he is. Right. So I like the idea that I could be a, a bridge, but Like, I had a buddy that said the Johnny Cash movie, Joaquin Phoenix, who is the same director, walked the line.


He said, You know, I actually like Joaquin's versions of Johnny Cass's songs better than Johnny Cass's songs. Oh. But I never wanted that sincerely. I don't want that to happen here because, and I wanted to protect against it. 'cause Bob's got this raw voice. Yeah. He's got this like iron voice. He, I don't want, I never wanted these songs to be sort of like more gentle than his songs, You know, and had to fight against that. 'cause the, the recordings we made, A lot of them were super, it's hard, man. He was playing on a beat up guitar with shitty recorders. He had a bronchitis in his early twenties. His voice was all fucked up. And, and I didn't want it to be like, watered down, You know? 'cause he very purposefully was, he liked Jack Kerouac and Moriarty. He, You know, A lot of the books I read said he didn't have great hygiene, You know, stuff like that.


So I didn't want the movie to be watered down all of a sudden, You know? Right. You wanted to honor him as much as you could. Yeah, exactly. But also without being him as much like you, Like I through this Hollywood version basically. Right. This because he is biopics. It's a fine line man. It's a, and I've never done anything like this. I usually play a role actually Sort of. Yeah. Wonka you did kind of, Yeah. Wonka I did it. Yeah. And, and, and, But that's maybe not real. No. But it's, yeah. Yeah. Thank God. Well, don't tell the children. Thank God. Thank God. No, but like also I, You know, probably have to get psychiatric help. But, but no, but, and there's a certain pressure with that Wonka too. People are like very protective of characters they love, You know, they don't want, and there's sort of like a cynicism about Hollywood, You know, about like why are they keep revisiting. The Wonka thing I felt was justified because it's a new story. We weren't doing Charlie in the Chocolate Factory.


We were doing sort of an origin. And by the way, I Don Dunno if you've seen Wonka, have you? Yeah. Which one have I seen you? I've seen all of them. You watched it while you were in the car spying on the, on the, on the list. College You had it playing on the audio. But I've, if you, First of all, if you've never seen the welcome movie, but you just listen to the audio, that's a little bit, That's already weird too. That's kind of a Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. They Had Stevie Wonder at the movie last night. Oh really? Yeah. Interesting bridge right there. No, but I was the same thing, man. I was like, that Is right. Like just, yeah, yeah, yeah. Surround, No disrespect. But I was just like, Man, no. The godfather of Surround Sound, basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's what I heard. The premier was pretty interesting. So last night was your premier? It Was premier in LA man, it was great, You know.


Oh Dude. Thanks for coming the day after your premier, because that was probably Boners that was late. I apologize man. I were You guys up Fry up? We were up late and I basically, I shot this movie Marty Supreme all the fall. These crazy directors, You know, or crazy director, Josh Saf. Do you ever see Uncut Gems? Oh yeah. So Good. That Director. So it's kind of that energy, that chaotic thing. So it wasn't like a low energy shoot. This was like 16 hour days for three months. Then I went right into this. So I haven't been like drinking at all. Never. Not that I ever really had a problem with it, but just, You know, 'cause these days, and I actually find my mind is so much sharper. I'm amazed. I haven't gotten sick through this whole, like, last couple months. But last night I did have a couple drinks, so I'm kind of fried today, man. Yeah. I'm sorry, my voice is a little, No, you gotta celebrate. Did you have to get up and make a speech? What's it like at something like that?


I, oh man. Great question. It's like, Oh, here we are right here. Oh man. I don't do, I don't do the, I call it instant nostalgia, You know? Oh. Seeing these pictures like this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I Mean, it's kind of bizarre, isn't it? Yeah. It's kind of bizarre. Man. This Is good. 'cause this is, I'll say this, it's a great cast and a great, a great director. So we all have fun. Edward Norton. Man. Edward Norton should come on this podcast, man. He's a legend. Absolute legend. Oh Yeah, he's a super legend. He was in the, he was in, do You ever see rounders? Yeah. Do you play, do you play Texas Holden? Yeah. I play it sometimes. He's good. And the both of the actresses were great. The ladies in it. Yeah. Oh, and his wife was in it.


What's her name? Erica. Erica. Erica. Yeah. Yeah. They got a beautiful group of ladies in there. And men too. Yeah. Look at Boyd Holbrook, man with the blue suit on. Oh yeah. That's a handsome man. Is he real handsome? Yeah, he's a, he's a stud. Well dude, you're kind of a handsome dude. Like A lot of dudes You are, man, look at that. I, people, I've seen so many People. Calm down. Calm brother. I've seen So many people ape your haircut. Really? Yeah. Oh, these, yeah. There's A lot of fricking thieves out there. How long have you had it? This haircut I've had for probably, it's a little dicey today. I've had it for probably, well, I had it as a child. Oh, no way. So this goes back. Oh yeah. And then I tried to like blend in, like whenever I moved to Hollywood and stuff. And it didn't work for me.


And so then I tried to blend out. Oh, so you Started in LA before Nashville? Yeah. Yeah. I lived out here for 12 years. I was doing standup comedy here. This is where I started doing standup comedy at Oh yeah. Where at the comedy store and stuff like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Comedy store. Yeah. It was awesome, man. I really enjoyed it over there. And The whole like, sort of generation of comedians came out that of there then, huh? Yeah. And that was like, yeah. All types. They had like Chris Dalia, Tom ura. Is That a bigger, bigger comedy base here than New York you think? That's a good question. You know what's so funny? They're totally different from each other. And some people in one don't even know the people in the other Because the audience is different. You think Just, just, it's just a total different group of people. Like, you go there and it's almost like, it feels like you have just start all over. It's a, it's just a total different. Interesting. Like you, I'll go into a club there and it feels like A whole different thing.


I'm walking into a club for the first time in New York. You don't think you get the love you get Out here. I think you, you'll get the, you'll get A lot of respect, but you just feel that way. It's not your territory, you know? Right, right, right, right, right. So it's, and you want to give respect to the guys that that's their grounds that they walk on every day. Interesting, interesting. Interesting. Because that's where they live. Like if somebody came out and was like being real flashy, but they're not in your thing, in, in, in your kind of club here, it would be the same way I think. Interesting. So There's A lot of code of conduct like that. Would You ever do Saturday Night Live? I don't know, man. You know, it's so funny. I went and saw it recently and it's crazy. Right? It's a crazy setup. It is crazy. You did It. Yeah, I've done it twice. Oh, You have? Okay. It's Super dialed in, Right? I should've known that. Oh yeah, dude. Oh yeah. I went with Chris Farley's brother. It was the first time that he'd been back to go to SNL since his brother was all in there, since he'd went with him.


So it was pretty neat. What Was that like for him? He was, he dude, he told so many great stories. I wish they'd have put him out on stage. I was like, have him go out there. Right. Tell his stories. It was just classic man. But I went to watch Bill Burr. I'm a big Bill Burr fan, so I went to watch him. Did You see the last Sandler special on Netflix? McGee Performed that night too. Oh, sick. That was dope. Wow. Yeah. And then he, he, he, there we are right there with Chris Farley's brother right there. Dude, I thought that was Mickey key. Dude, You look like you're 23, man. No, no dude. It's true. Did he say I'm, you take your haircut or no? HGH Dude. Yeah. No, no, No. I gotta get some HGH Do you work out? Yeah, I do work out, dude. Yeah, I do. God, yeah. I went today. I mean, that's what I mean.


But yeah, We once, yeah. Works out once. What else do y'all wanna know about this film? So you didn't hear anything from Bob? What about like his wife or his kid or something? No, his kids. I, You know, almost towards the start, the Monica, who plays Joan Baez in the movie, she was in touch with Joan the whole time. And I thought about reaching out to his kids. But the thing is, when somebody gets revered, like Bob, at some point he becomes this legend. You know, people can sanitize the past, you know? What do you mean by that When you say that? Just so we know they present, They could present the best version of someone, You know, and, and not present their flaws. You know, even A lot of the documentaries about Bob, they just paint him as a genius. There's one documentary called Don't Look Back, this ta da Penny Baker one, where you actually see him raw.


It just captures his behavior. And it was sort of right before he got too famous where he turned his back, You know, on letting himself be filmed. And so that was like the biggest help for me. 'cause, and I thought about talking to his kids or his grandkids. But actually I was at the University of Minnesota like three days ago. We're doing a, doing a sort of a screening for the students there. And then someone said, this is Milo Dylan, this is his grand nephew. And he looked like, kinda looked like Bob. And he, he said, we get a picture. And then he put his finger out and he said, you phase. And then I said, well, like the Video, the phase clan, Like the video game. He said, nah, nevermind. Hmm. So the new di So even all the Dylans are unique. Yeah. I don't know what that means. You phase, I don't know. You Phase with a finger like that.


I don't know. I mean, I know fad banks. I don't know A lot of the phase guys. I know that one of 'em gave CPR to sketch one night or something when he wasn't doing good. Whoa. But anyway, shouldn't have said that out loud. Who's sketch? I don't know who sketches. What's up brother? That guy? Did you see him? No. Oh my gosh. Wow. It's crazy how different worlds are so different. Dude, sketch him. I know. Oh my God. No. Oh. Oh yes. I have, I have, I have. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What's that brother? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's he's been on this. Oh yeah, he's been on that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's a great bro. Yeah. Yeah. He's so creative. He has one of the most creative minds I've been around. Yep. Just like to, he has his own pentameter of making jokes and stuff.


It's pretty Fascinating. It's really, is he standup? Nope, he's not a standup. I think there's this new thing that goes on now. Whereas if somebody's, it's interesting what's gonna happen with standup? 'cause standup has this been this thing that people always go practice and then they go do. But now A lot of people build so much traction from social media. Yeah. They Pop off like that. Right. So then how do you, but then how do you take that and perform it? Is there a performance element? Yeah. It's a whole different thing. Yeah. Yeah. Because some people on their podcasts are grand and the standup is different. Right? Yeah. It's different. Or just Like standups in a golden era. I feel like it's like boxing. I feel like Now I feel like Netflix kind of made it, You know, sexy again in some way. Yeah. I think, well, the news got like very, all the same, I feel like. Right. And it got very, what A lot of people believe, maybe commandeered by advertising in a way.


Right, right, right, right, right. Some of that happens, it's capitalism. So I think podcasting was just this like, Became this open format. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where it was like, okay, well also, You know, that you're really resonating in some way. Yeah. Right. Because it's not dollars that, or it's not like, Well, especially in the beginning for the first like four or five years, you're not really making any money. Yeah. So it's like, you're just doing your best. You're just keeping it. And then at a certain point, like people will say, well, if you're not gonna, lemme say what I want, then you get your advertising off of my network. Interesting. Yeah. That's a, that's a risk man. Yeah. Kind of. I mean, It's a risk dollars wise, right? Oh, it's a risk dollars wise. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Dana White was on here one time, and one of our episodes got pulled down because of, we had Bobby Kennedy on this political friend, a a a buddy of mine, but who also ended up going into politics, but they didn't want to be associated with it or whatever.


And anyway, Dana was on and he said, what, what, who called? And said they, and we were like, it was this Kellogg's it was biking company or something? No, it was like interesting proton or whatever it's called. Peloton. Peloton. Peloton. Interesting. Interesting. And dude, next thing You know, people all across the country were throwing Pelotons Pelotons away into the Boston River. Yeah. Yeah. Well they give you heart attacks too. Do they really? Oh, well that's not gonna help him. No, no. Based on that Sex in the city. Oh yeah. You know, Mr. Biggs, that's how he died. I didn't see that. You can see that he died on the Peloton, the episode, he, how he dies in the episode and then their, their stock crashed. 'cause people thought it was killing it. It's like, and they obviously had to sign off on that. I Guess that wasn't a good idea. Yeah. That's a real thing, right? Mr. Bigs, I think, can we see that? Yeah, we're pulling it up Anyway.


Oh, there he is. Oh Yeah. That's what happens. When you, He married Samantha, huh? I don't know about this show. Yeah. What else was I gonna think about? Oh, When you think about, so I, I just wanna make sure that we get A lot about this film and what I thought that was. Yeah. What did you like about it? And you don't have to, you, you don't have to, you don't have to like the movie, but were you, did You know anything about Bob Dylan before, or no? Nope. I, well, yeah, I know some of his music, You know, I know he was like, did your Parents or your mom listen to it? Oh Yeah, my mom listened to it. My ba this kid I grew up with, he would play it in his room every night. He had the harmonic and everything. It was a big way Bob Dylan fan. No way. Way. Yeah. My way. My, my friend Ty, who I used to live with who, yeah. I mean, Bob Dylan was the first mumble rapper, I mean, yeah, Yeah, yeah.


No, man. Absolutely. Yeah. Whining with a backbeat. Absolutely. Everybody's like, You know, thinking that it was some of these other guys like Uzi Vert or maybe Kodak Black, But that No, He was just a mumbler. I mean, at a certain point Can we just say that he's great? Yeah. He was a mumble. I mean, at some point he enunciated better. Yeah. But definitely early on, yeah. It's gotten A little rocky. I feel like it's gotten rocky recent. What's Cool, man? He might be going through some stuff too. Who knows? Sometimes it's so hard to know, You know what people are calling through. Well, he definitely keeps it behind. He does a Screen. We don't know what's going on. Yeah. I probably said more in this interview than he said his whole life. It's myth, Probably. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be great if we had a word like, it's like a Word counter For you and Kodak. Yeah. You're Like, as miles ahead of Him.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Literally, Dude, you could sneeze and be like seven words ahead of him. I feel like You said it. You said it. What about some other, well, I just wanna think, have anything else about the film that was, was it hard to learn the music? Did you, did you have any issues with that? Or how did you guys make that Happen? Not really. I mean, I had five years to work on it, so I took guitar lessons with a great, wait, You had five years to work on this? Yeah. Wait, because you auditioned for it? Yeah. Over a long period of Time. 2000, well, 2018 we're supposed to do it summer of 2020. Then the pandemic hit. Then I just kept working on it. Kept working on, I was supposed to do it summer of 2023. Then the strike hit, which is when I was coach still getting in trouble for doing my, my, You know, getting rid of my lisp. I'm just kidding. And Oh, and you're meeting with that guy?


Yeah. Yeah. In the dark alleys to freaking dark. Yeah. To work on the accent. Yeah. To work on your, keeping your tongue down. When you say certain vows, I s like Down with The pallet. Yeah. Does, Hey, man, You know, do you work? You know, I, well, years ago I went to a voice scout. You don't Actually talk like this, Huh? Yeah. Your, your voice is Actually super high. When I walked in here today, Theo's voice was super high walking. Yeah, he was. I'm a Disney character guy, dude. And he kept doing this weird thing. We'd rock back and forth. Oh boy. I, so he welcomed me and he insisted that I jump on his back and get brought in here, and he put me on the couch and then he, then he assumed the character.


We all know that it's theon, but I actually wanted him to jump on my front dude. When people do front side piggybacks, that's kind of like, I've never heard of that in my life. And that's when I quit. Hey. That's when I quit playing tennis in junior high school. I'll Tell you. But listen, you gotta be strong enough to do that. That's a good point. I Could probably, I could probably do it to you. You can do, I'm getting you out your comfort zone, man. You cannot do a front side piggyback with when we finish it, When we finish this, You know, I'm, I'm jumping on the Front and anybody that can draw a picture of Timothy and me and involved in Frontside, piggybacking, let me know. I'll buy it from you. And we'll donate a thousand dollars to a charity of your choice. And, You know, can IF you, you after this? Yeah. Like a little John Cena thing.


Oh, Just for promo? Just for promo. Clicks. It clicks. I'll do it on this. Okay. Alright. At this Then you'll land on that, man. Just lay Somebody on this. I'll just lay. No, I'm gonna be like that. I'll, and I'll suplex you on That. Oh, right through there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love, yeah, I think we should get that. Yeah. It's that time of year, man. It's the holidays Come. It's the holidays. You know, this is, this is the holidays in America in 2024 Be ringing. Yeah. Yeah. Are you a big holidays guy? You know what? I think I, it does remind me a little bit to slow down, kind of, you know, which is nice because life gets going pretty fast A lot of times. Do You think you're more elfish or Santa? Oh, that's a good question. Oh, I wish I could be a little more Santa.


Do you think you're, see, I'm more of sometimes a little more misses clause. Like I'll start bitching about A lot of shit, you Know, You know about nothing. Yeah. About nothing. I'll Just get a lad, but I just gotta slow down. It's just been like a, a long Year. A lot. Yeah. You've been busy. Yeah. What you can do for, are you gonna go away or anything? Yeah, I'm gonna go to Louisiana and see some family. Then I might try to take a vacation for a few days. We'll see. Little Baton Rouge. Yeah. My family lives right down there. So What about you? I'm gonna be here because I've been all over the place. I'm gonna New York tonight, then I go to London and then do all this promo for the movie. Oh, You have to promo for this movie. For how long does promo take? Well, It's coming out on Christmas, so I'm going every day, You know? But I love the movie. That's why, that's why, you know, that's why. Shit, man. I'm trying to go as hard as possible and, and, You know, and then fucking come back here and be with my family.


Be with my new little niece. Oh, you Got a new niece? Yeah. First one. First one. Let's go, dude. Yeah. That's A crazy moment. What's her name? Can you bring a picture of her name? Or you can't show a picture of her? I Don't even think, I think my sister's kept her offline. You know, my sister lives in a sort of like, she's with a group of people in like a forest type thing in France. No Way. Where near Ansy? Yeah, Near, near nci. Yep. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In, in a forest. No, no internet as fuck with you. I'm sorry, bro. I'm sorry. Oh, you're good. I'm sorry. No, no. She's, Let's check in on your sister. You know, let's email her a meal. Let's give her a French. French Groupon. French Groupon. No, but she's Go do, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, Groupons in France, man. No Groupons in France. There isn't no Groupons and a high property tax.


They have high property tax over there. Absolutely, man. It's a Beautiful property. Beautiful property. And they don't want people just coming and, You know, not, you know, just Milling around for 40 bucks a month. Property tax. I'm, I'm in that age now where, I'll check GBT. Like what are the most attractive low property tax places? Yeah. In America, around the world. Oh yeah. One of 'em was my neighborhood growing up. Dude, I remember our property tax was $8 one year. My mom paid in cash to right out of her purse. I was like, where do we live at? Where? Who'd she give it to? The guy that came By? Was it a legit guy, you think? I, He looked pretty legit. He had his, all of his buttons on his head. He Had a hoodie that said government. He had a couple of them. Yeah, She just gave eight bucks. Oh man.


Same thing, man. I grew up in like a Michel Lama. You know about Michel Lama Michel? Oh yeah, the fi the restaurant stars or whatever. No, no, no, no, no. The Michel Lama is like, there's like two ver to my understanding, there's two versions of like good arts housing, or you got section eight, that means you're paying like under 800 bucks. Michel Lama. Yep. Oh, that damn Michel Llama brother. Absolutely. Oh, That's me baby. Moderate Michel Lama program provides affordable rental and cooperative housing and moderate and middle income families. You're just talking about Alphabet City, basically. Dude. Wow. So how do You know you're new, You know, New York, man, I like New York. I like, I mean, yeah, it's definitely fascinating. Do you ever live There? No. I don, I, I, I'll just stay there for like, maybe three months of the most. I would live there. If my, if I get a wife and she lives there, I'll stay.


I'll go live there. What's the ideal, You know, what does she look like? Both inside and out? Well, she looks like, probably looks like a nice lady. I think. Let me think about the rest of it. Probably maybe played volleyball, maybe didn't, maybe likes to be a mom. Maybe. I don't know. Dude, She's looking for to mother, Like to laugh. Has a good sense of humor. Okay. Because people that laugh get jokes usually. Like you can't Yeah. You know, unless you're just, something's wrong with you and something you just laugh every now and then. Right, right. So yeah. Could she do somersaults? Ooh, I hope she can, but I'm not trying to be some kind of pervert or whatever, you know?


But I wouldn't mind seeing one every now and then, especially if it's holidays or whatever and she wants to, You know, pop off a damn B handspring or something for everybody cuts into some lackies or whatever. I'm down for it. So yeah, I think I'm open to A lot of different things, I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. And like handstands and shit. I mean, okay. I dunno what you're trying to get here.


Bored with your boring cardio. Stop pedaling that snoo cycle to Nowheresville and try some cardio. That's actually fun. Supernatural fitness available on MedQuest. Isn't that right? Jane Fonda Cardio Will never be boring again. Sweat to the beat of thousands of chart topping songs inside. Stunning virtual landscapes. Bet Your stationary bike. Can't do that. Visit get supernatural.com and join the next fitness revolution. Supernatural VR Fitness only on MedQuest.


Big team for Tea.


Blue Chew baby. It's that holiday season brother. And you don't want that limp fricking Roger hiding inside of your pants. Boy. Do you Get it going. I'm upstairs. Lemme see your body talk Winter time, baby. You know what I'm talking about? Blue Chew. Blue Chew. It's an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Ali, and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost. And in chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up at Blue Chew dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers. And once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. If you want to get that thingo. And Boy Blue Chew can help. Blue Chew wants you to have confidence to perform your best. So discover your options at Blue Chew dot com. And we've got a special deal For our listeners, for our audience to try Blue Chew Free. Just pay $5 shipping at checkout When you visit Blue Chew dot com. That's BLUECHEW dot com to receive your first month free. Visit Blue Chew dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Blue Chew for sponsoring This Past Weekend with the Yvonne. That's me. Thank you.


Sometimes you need to go to a doctor or something happens to you. You get attacked or something falls on you. Somebody burns you with something hot stick or something. Neighborhood attack. Who you gonna call a doctor? Yep. That's right. Well, Zocdoc makes it easy. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality doctors and instantly book an appointment. I'm talking in-network appointments with more than 100,000 providers across every specialty. From mental health to dental health to eye care, and much more limb care, skin, everything. If you need a specialist for your neck or your one of your limbs, you have four limbs, you need a specialist, Zocdoc, they can do it. Acne, plasma, whatever you got, they'll help your eyes, your limbs. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to Zocdoc dot com slash Theo to find an instantly book a top rated doctor today. I mean, it's crazy. You can get it for your brain, you can get it for your teeth, your limbs, your tongue, whatever you need. Ear, nose, and as boy. They got it. Zocdoc dot com. That's Z-O-C-D-O c.com/ Theo Zocdoc dot com slash Theo.


Today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. If you are, you know, it's that time of year people get, people get a little cagey, You know, people bite their damn. You'll see somebody biting their, biting their neighbor, biting their mother-in-law. Somebody will just damn chew a mole off their damn mother-in-law's neck because of anger, discomfort, uncertainty. And that's why you might need mental health help if you do need it. BetterHelp, that's a good way to start BetterHelp. You can contact them and they'll provide it licensed therapy. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash t today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash to. And we thank BetterHelp for supporting the podcast.


So yeah, so I think, yeah, it's Like, I just don't, I, You know, I think more will be revealed about who the lady could be, but I'm also just being more open to it. You know, it's like you gotta be open to that to get a wife to be like, oh, I'm gonna get a, You know, I'm gonna have a wife and be with a wife. Yeah. You gotta be open to it, brother. Yeah. You gotta set the, you gotta set your life up. Yeah. And how and how are you gonna get divorced if you don't get married? You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. And those are two crucial chapters of life. Fuck. That's it. Is is is your, is your home. You know, wipeable Not current. Is there like shit everywhere When you walk in? No. Now my home's organized, got my tree up right now. Nice. You got a tree. I got a box of gifts. There's a lady that I don't even know who has sent me a box of Christmas or for the past four years.


Sweet. It comes every year. I put 'em up on the tree And it's got a little mic and a camera in there. There's the, Yeah. She's just, bro, That's such a good idea. Yeah. She's just watching you watch Every Christmas it's called. It's a murder movie. It's a murder. Yeah. Yeah. Or, or it's just a movie about, it's about somebody who used to love somebody and they're watching their family now. Yeah. And they send 'em this random box and then people put it on their tree. They don't know. Yeah. And has a camera in It. And have a camera in it. Yo, write it baby. I'm not gonna, we did. That's it. What do you watch on Christmas? Mm. I watch. Like What would, what would the cameras see you doing? Well, we're supposed to do Christmas caroling this year with a couple fellows from the gym, actually. And so we're supposed to practice on Friday and we just hired a cool brother over there in Nashville to help us learn some of the lyrics.


I love you say Brothers, Dude. And then I love you. Say that man. Oh yeah. We're excited about it. There's all brothers going, so you gotta respect the culture, man. You know what I'm saying? Oh man. Or, But yeah. And then what are We going go, oh wa I watch Family Man. Have you ever seen that one? Nah, I've never seen Family Man With Nicholas Cage. Nicholas Cage. It's a great movie. One of the greats. Have you ever met him? No, man. But Matchstick Men's one of my favorite movies ever. Yeah. You know, You know Nicholas Cage, man, what a Life. But yeah, I'd like to get a wife maybe. What about, there's kind of a love triangle in the movie. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's a, so The, the Woman's Joan Baez, Joan Baez, and Sylvie Russo is Sylvie Russo. Was she an artist?


I couldn't tell. Yeah, she, She's her real name Sues Ratto in real life. But the real Bob Dylan was still very protective over her. She was never really famous. So that was one of his big script notes. He said, change that name and, You know, just, I think he felt protective over her legacy in some way. And so he had some notes about the script. Yeah, exactly. The Love Triangle is, is sort of one of the big, You know, like we do these q and a for the movie now. And people will say was Bob was his behavior towards the, the people that he was in a relationship with, with in his life, You know, was, it is definitely complicated. But my answer is always he was, he was focused on his art first and foremost. Also, this movie's about people in their early twenties. You don't only have life figured out, especially in relationship then.


Yeah. Shit. Yeah. That stuff is a mess at that age. So he was kind of between the, these, these two women in the movie. And Joan Baez is a, a musician and artist, ambitious the way Bob would've been. And Sylvie's really the more grounded character. I think what El Fanning does in the movie's. Incredible. You kind of see the movie through her eyes. 'cause she's not, she's not one of these famous musicians. She's really just a real person and is, You know, deeply affected. Yeah. She was very affected by Dylan and the movie her character was. Yeah. That was interesting to see. Yeah. And the things that pulled, well, She was, she's the only person in the movie that, that doesn't have a transactional relationship with him. Right. Really loves him for who he is and Mm. You know, and that, that was our theory. You know, I never talked to Bob Dylan, but I feel like that's why I think he's still fond of that relationship Ah.


And private about it. 'cause if maybe the rest of his life could be confusing, I'm not, I don't wanna speak for him, but confusing about like who's being genuine with me and who's not. She was always the clear day one Clear candidate. Yeah. Wow. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I found like when I was watching it, yeah, you're kind of rooting. It's weird because who you're rooting for changes almost from scene to scene in the movie. Yeah. You know? Yeah. No one's like a great, besides El Fanning, everyone comes off a little Real. Yeah, Yeah. Hopefully. Yeah. Like Flawed, You know, flawed, flawed, but like in a Cuban way. Yeah. Flawed in a human way. And a little, especially in your early twenties, man, you're trying to figure out your life. Oh Yeah, dude, they don't even, yeah.


Were you A saint in your early twenties, dude? No, I was, I mean, I was a Saints fan. I'm a New Orleans Saints fan, but I was not, I was not. You the, you're at the game. Like, Fuck it. I mean, I had on maybe a, you know, I might have had on a Drew Brees jersey, but Drew Bre jersey on your 16th Miller Light, dude. Yeah. Yeah. That's for sure. That was, But no. Yeah. It's like, yeah, how do you even get, start to get things figured out? But that's one thing that I liked about it. I like seeing the different, and I liked that there was like, okay, what's this relationship like over here gonna happen? What's this relationship like over here gonna happen? Yeah. And then just seeing, Like, I did get a better idea of like, oh, okay, Bob Dylan was just kind of like, affected dude, that he kind of was maybe better than he thought he was, or, or he was actually so great and they tried to manipulate him.


Yeah. It was just all so confusing, You know, like, yeah. And I think it was confusing to him and it was like Exactly. It was a, it was all, it was just A lot going on. And he seemed like a unique person and probably like a secretly sensitive guy. And so for all those things to happen, You know, so quick to him and then for him, him to try to figure it out and navigate what was real, I Don't know, man. Exactly. And that's something I could relate to. Not not in the relationships necessarily in my life, but, You know, you feel like your career gets going. I don't know how you feel about that. And you wanna protect your energy and, and, but you, you still wanna have close, You know, friendships and relationships and Yeah. But at first it's very, it's a hard thing to navigate, particularly if you wanna keep, keep writing, you keep wanting, like Bob Dylan, You know, and like you said, he was genuinely graded.


He had a gift from God at that point in his career. He said it in an Ed Bradley interview in 2004. He is Like, I feel like God was writing through me. And he says in the interview, I can't do it anymore. He almost says it like, like Melanie like Misses It. Like he misses it. Yeah. It's a beautiful moment in this Ed Bradley interview. He just, he says Like, I can't do it anymore. I don't know how those words were coming to me and Wow. And I feel like musicians even more than actors, I feel like an actor, like into your thirties and forties and fifties as your face ages, you can keep doing great work. Right. And the gra the gravitas of your life lives on your face. You know what I mean? Right. And so the more you learn in life, the more abilities you're gonna have More. Yeah. And the more trauma you go through whatever. And I feel like as a musician, you can still do, still do great shit, but it's really like a young man's game.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. 'cause you have to do all that touring and stuff as well. Yeah. And it Beats you Up for you, the movie kind of tours for You. Exactly. You know, I love, You know, it's funny, we do these Q and as there's, so I get the backstage experience, my holy shit, I'm coming out man. And like, fuck, they're gonna say my name out loud. I'm all excited. And I come out and then as opposed to a rock star, I fucking sit in a chair Oh yeah. And I answer a bunch questions like, watch this. Yeah. And I sit down and I try to give poised answers and just make Sure your posture's okay the whole time. Dude, it's humiliating. I posture Rocking in the house tonight. That shit is so hard to deal with, dude. Because I'll be backstage and it's, so you hear the crowd like Timothy Shaman. Yeah. And then I fucking You're like, take my seat. Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm poised Yeah. You're like, oh, Let's go. Yeah. I sit down And I sit down, dude, it's humiliating.


Yeah. It's Like, it's very anti, I don't know what the word is, but somebody else probably knows it. But Yeah. I don't know it. But yeah, dude, I, You know what though? I think it was, I do think that it was interesting if you frame it up like this is what it is. It's a, it's a, it's a mo it's a few years in a man's life. That was a very interesting man who's probably written so many songs that some young people don't even know that he wrote. Yeah, exactly. I Was listening and I was like, no way. He wrote that. And like, just some relationships that he had with other artists that you may not even know about. And sort of the first guy for me in American pop culture that said, I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want. Mm. And that was like, that's a good point. Yeah. And that was like, sort of blasphemous, like every artist through the last 30, 40, 50 years that A lot of whom you can't shout out.


'cause they, they basically, they basically burned so many bridges. But Bob Dylan was the first, he just wouldn't take no for an answer. He just was fired up about his art. And I hope that doesn't Sound and his perception. No, I don't think it sounds like anything. Yeah. But it doesn't sound corny. 'cause he really didn't give a fuck. And it's, that to me was really refreshing to work on. You know, now we live in a time where it's not only, not only is it hard to be rebellious about your art, but it's as much about the coliseum's reaction. You know, you think about a clip you like online or, or something you like or don't like, the first thing you do is you go to the comments. It's as much about how people are reacting. You know what I'm saying? As it is about the, the actual thing. Right. So in some ways it's harder now. It's a good point, huh. It's kind of harder now because Not only you have to manage what you present, but you have to manage also how, what I don know What I'm saying?


Or you get No, no, but yeah, I'm, you're trying to say, and also to avoid that, that's kinda what I'm doing these days, man. I'm just, you just gotta like, you have to bury your head so far. Even like the pictures from the premier, I'm just like, You know, I just try to put the shutters on because it's not healthy, man, You know? Oh. Looking at all your stuff and looking at that. Yeah. You know? No, it's weird. No, It's fucking weird. And then, You Know, you're not supposed to do it. No. We're supposed to be, you know, like gathering nuts and berries. No, I sound Like I'm, You Know, they had that first guy in our cis or whatever, looked in the river and saw himself, You know? Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And then he is like, Hey, where are the ladies at? Or whatever. And you're like, whoa, dude, what are you talking? Whatcha You talking about? Dude? You're not even that good looking. Yeah. Killer a rabbit dude. We, yeah. Yeah. We, our our tribe needs to Eat. Dude, make a salad, bro.


Yeah. We got, yeah, yeah. We Got people to feed. We have 17 people in our, our elder is fucking suffering. Like you over here, like trying to start cla claral or whatever. Yeah, exactly. Fucking working on your, You know. Yeah. It's like just a bunch of Dior moisturizer talking about lip filler to everybody. Like what are you even talking about? What do you, dude, it's 300 bc What does that even mean? Stop working on your R profile and fucking help us with the fire we need to put out in the forest. You narcissistic prick. Yeah. Dude, what are you talking About? Yeah. I have no fucking clue. No clue. What about other, because you can only do so many biopics too. Yeah. Yeah. That's Kind of weird. So you kind of, you burned a biopic.


I burned a biopic. Is it Biopic? We don't know. I don't know. I burned a biopic and Now I gotta go back in three months and they gotta check if it's still there. And No, you're right. I can only do so many. Especially like music ones. I'll be honest. Eh, What are some other ones you think? I have a couple Ideas. Listen man, I, oh, ideas. No, you Go first. Okay. Like that. I could do or you could do. I don't Know if I keep talking to people Like I Why do you sit with Timmy and just talk the whole time? So No, no. We gotta get you to say so Bro. No, I mean, well, I'm trying to think of ones you could do. You could do. I know I could do, maybe You could do a Brad Pitt biopic. You know what I'm saying? Put right there. Come on. Put a little sprinkle on it. Put a little sprinkle on it. No. Maybe If like, maybe a Brad pick like was stranded somewhere.


Like, You know, maybe like a hitchhiker something. No, But you could, You could do, would you ever do Mabu? You think La Mabu? Oh my god, dude, that is fucking funny. That's an alternate time. I'm him in an alternate timeline. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Definitely. Because you know, I used to, I used to. Well, You know, there's two ways you could've gone. That's what we like to say A lot of times. Yeah. That's me in an alternate timeline. I Love him, bro. I don't know enough about him. I know he is from New York though. You're Right. You know, it's a great point. I don't fucking know if I like him, dude. Could be a dirt ball. But I like, I like some of his energy. Dude. Some of his shit is pretty high. It's pretty Bob Dylan, man. Just be who you want be. That's a good Point. Fuck. That's, that's how I do feel about him. It's like, oh, I feel Like, I feel like he's kind of uni He kinda reminds me of like an Eminem, like when Eminem kind of like, he, he reminds me of like how unique Eminem was just unique in his time period.


He Just did it. I maybe I'll do a little mabu biopic. I don dunno what it's about. I wonder what the tragedy of his life is. That's A good point. It could be some crypto failure. Yeah. He launched Mabu coin. Oh, he's gonna Be so fast. Fast man, Bro. No dude. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know him. I mean, he's clearly killing it. Yeah. If he wasn't killing it, we weren't talking, we wouldn't gonna be talking about him. That's A good point. Yeah. Oh, I think he's just, he's he's definitely super entertaining. Yeah. And I we're just joking around and He started that conference Con con conservation fund. Did he really? For the, for that. Then I'm fucking with you. I'm sorry, bro. You're good, bro. Dude, You should be a politician dude. You're Good. Ah, I was acting, But what? Or that or maybe Abraham Lincoln's son or whatever. I could Be Abraham Lincoln or me or you.


You Abraham. What about if you Abraham Abraham Lincoln son, who was a Abraham Lincoln's son? Dave Lincoln. That's A ridiculous idea. It was Dave Lincoln. Was it Dave Lincoln? Was it really? Or Ricky Lincoln. Bring, who is his son? Tad Lincoln. Oh my God. Yeah. Oh yeah. Go To his information. Let's see him. Wow. That's dude. You could be Tad Lincoln, the fourth son of Abraham Lincoln. What Was his born with? A cleft lip palate. I'll work with Timon. We were talking about earlier. I'll work with Timon on it, you know, and hopefully there's no strike. And Imagine his father gave some of the greatest speeches and here he is. And he has this kind of like a little bit of a, like a disfigurement or some impairment.


Right, right, right. And he's like, how do I overcome this? Yeah, yeah, yeah. To say something as important that my father said as my father Did. Did he ever, did he ever, we could change it. We could just give him the speech. They were considered notorious Hells him and his brother Willie. He was Sick A lot. He got typhoid. A lot of people were getting sick back then. Yeah. Oh, easily. You caught a Frisbee that was dirty and you were down for two months. He went, he went to see Aladdin in the wonderful lamp. Oh wow. On April 14th, 1865. Tad went to Grover's theater to play Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp while his parents attended the performance of Tom Taylor's play our American cousin at Fort Theater that night, his father was assassinated. Wow. So he was At That would be, that could be my big scene. Yeah. PS Dead. And you finally run up to him as he's done.


Yeah. And you say something super important. Yeah. Who's playing Abraham Lincoln? Huh? Who's playing Lincoln? I don't know. We gotta get somebody good. P'S dead. I can hardly believe that. I should never see him. This is, this is some heavy shit. After the assassination. Mary, Robert and Tad lived together in Chicago. We died at 18. Dude, I can't, come on. Oh, holy shit. Tuberculosis. Well, this was a waste of Attack. This is a waste of a P right here. And congestive heart failure. You could do it, man. Yeah. Yeah. I Think you could do it. You know. Yeah. Aged me down a little bit. Or Jim Carrey. I think I could see you playing a Jim Carrey one day too. I was thinking about that. He's Brilliant, dude. I mean, You know, he's so brilliant. Yeah. He, have you seen his, have you seen his, he went to some fashion event like 2018. 2018.


You see this red carpet interview? It's the, it's the biggest not give a fuck interview is it? Of all time. Yeah. If we have enough time, we should add 20 minutes to this anyway. If we can't, this is, this is the greatest. He looks so dropped into being himself. Yeah. Yes. What I've covered A lot of fashion weeks. This is the first time I've run in to Jim Carrey. Wait, Controlling the room. Don't make, is it true You're wandering the streets. You need a date to the party? What's up? No, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm doing just fine. I just, You know, there's no meaning to any of this. So I, I wanted to find the most meaningless thing that I could find, come to and join and, and, and here I am. They're celebrating. I mean, you gotta admit it's completely meaningless. Well, they say they're celebrating icons, inside celebrating Icons icon that is just the absolute lowest aiming, You know, possibility that we could come up with.


It's like icons. What do you, do you believe in icons? I don't believe in personalities. I don't believe that you exist. But there is a, a wonderful fragrance in the air. You don't believe certain icons. Even she doesn't exist. He's still trying to flirt Fire Others. Artistry. You're one of them On the good foot. He's like, you're invisible, but let's smash Now. Yeah. No, I, I I don't believe in Icons. That's good, man. I don't believe in personality. That's good. Yeah. That would be an interesting guy to play. Yeah. 'cause that's really cool. That's a cool scene to play if you could do that. Yeah. And I Think he had a Crazy life. Yeah. What his life was like. Yeah. I mean, he was the biggest, biggest Stuff bigger than Anything.


Bigger than anything. Right. The two thousands. Oh, okay. Yeah. And he had a show called In Living Color before that, that was like, Jamie Foxx was on it. He was on it. Yeah. He was like the only white guy on it. Yeah, right. It was him. Yeah. And they had a, Now he, now he is become an artist. Yeah. Now he's an artist. But it's just interesting to get all the art out of your system, You know? 'cause some artists, I Think that's kind of what he, I think that's what he feels Like. I saw an interview with him today, sound like the hedgehog. They said, why'd you do this? He said, for the money. Hmm. But what a life, because when Bruce Almighty was coming on, I mean, really, he was like the biggest. Oh Yeah. Wow. What about, do you feel like you have to be like, because you're kind of like the, the g the the it guy, like the it younger guy in Hollywood. For sure.


For sure. You know, does that, but does that feel Like, I don't know. And I know it's like, do you, how do you, and A lot of that is A lot of times curtailed by like the industry. Like you're Yeah, of course. Like you have a per you have, Like, I thought you'd come with like in a tank or something. Yeah. Drove every by yourself. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So definitely kind of, I guess maybe against what I was thinking, which doesn't mean anything, but do you worry about how do you still be yourself and find yourself at a time When you could be so maneuvered by so many Biggers? Listen, man. Not to bring it back to the movie, but that's where Bob Dylan's so influential. No, this is perfect. No, because Bob always followed his path.


And what's what's interesting about the movie industry, instead of like, as opposed to the music industry, the music industry, you write your own music, You know, and it's direct to the consumer in some sense. Like, you do whatever the fuck you want. And if people are vibing with it, you'll know and whatever. In the movie industry, you do kind of have to, they're you, you, you gotta be reliable. You know, a musician, you show up whenever you want. They could be rockstar to show up four hours late. If you're three hours late to a movie, they gotta call insurance. You cost a million dollars now, you'll never work again. So there's a part of the job that's obedient in a sense. But the best art and the best shit we see is stuff that, You know, is people Showed up for, people Showed up. But, but also where they, they broke rules in a sense. You know, I was just talking to, You know? Oh, yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and so it's a fine line.


And I, I look at it like this, this is my inner Tom Cruise where I want movies to be seen. And I don't wanna, I don't wanna live an un obedient life, but I also want at a time where maybe Hollywood or movie make's got a perception of like, sometimes being outta touch or something. Or definitely like awards type movies. I want, especially a movie about Bob Dylan. I want in all the movies I work on, that's why I did Dune. That's why I did Wonka. Yeah. And I'm proud that those movies, I know I'm not supposed to pat myself on the back, but I'm, those movies were big, You know, like in the movie industry or the movie business, brick and mortar theaters, they don't, they don't do the business. They once did. Some of that's inevitable. 'cause it's streaming.


But I want to put my best foot forward. You gotta, you gotta give back to the industry that gave to you. That's really my mo And that's why I'm, that's why I'm here. That, You know, You know, otherwise, that's why you can't be the reclusive figure that Bob Dylan or Daniel Day Lewis or these guys were, 'cause the, the the, it's not about the bottom line, but the, the attention isn't guaranteed the way it used to be. You know what I mean? I hope this doesn't sound like too inside baseball, Whatever, You know, saying, no, I want inside baseball, I'll just, You know, you're like a real thinker, you know? Yeah. So it's not like you're gonna give some answer that isn't Yeah. Traveling through your thoughts Yeah. And you explaining stuff. Yeah. So that's perfect. There's no wrong way to answer it. It's a weird thing. It's like, yeah. And then also, I had a full ass real life before my career took off.


Right. Like in the East Village in New York. So, not that my life isn't real now, but like, obviously on these press stores and stuff, the days are micromanaged in some way. But man, you, here's the thing, that's another thing I say like, as a musician or as a pop star, whatever your music can be about your erosion of humanity. Like, it could be about, Hey, I'm driving this car and this is the crazy lifestyle live. But if you're an actor, if you, if you lose your sense of humanity, if you lose your stink, for lack of a better word, people will see that on screen. And you do see it on screen. Oh, You seem too fancy. You see, might a touch wait. People are Gonna know. That's why this safety movie I just did, man. He put me, he put me through the ringer. Really? Oh yeah. And I felt Like, I felt like he was testing me early on.


What does that mean? So when somebody s like, so a director can kind of put you through some fucking shit. He was, yeah. Look, Josh knew me since I was 21. Josh Saft Safie. I was 21 before Uncut. Jims. That's, that's that movie, right? Yeah. Uncut. That's one of the best movies. There You go, man. And good and good time. You know, good timing with Robert Pattinson. He directed too. I haven't seen that. I'm saving Robert Pattinson for after, for Later. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. For sure. But you know, like early on we had stuff that could have been stunt guys on this movie on, on Marty Supreme. And I saw him wanting me to do it. Now part of me was like, this feels like a test. You know? And I wanted to show him. And then I, Now I feel like I've emerged from the other side with no broken bones or whatever, thank God. But, and, and, and Josh, I, I know I'm supposed to be talking about the Bob Dylan movie, but Josh was Like, that's okay.


It's all you acting. Yeah. Yeah. Josh is the real deal man. Like, and seriously like Josh Affy, he's like the modern day Scorsese. Dang, I want Meet that guy. Oh dude, you would love him. You would love him Dad, Tim. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I would like to meet him. Yeah, dude. He could play Abraham Lincoln. He Could play Abraham Lincoln. And you play Tad Lincoln. Yeah. And I could play Tad Lincoln. Tell him right now, his brother's an actor. Benny, you ever see, you saw the Nathan Fielder show with Emma Stone on Showtime? No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's his brother. I've seen Nathan Fielder show. Yeah. Wow. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That must have been awesome, man. Yeah. 'cause he's a, that guy that, that uncut Jims is so good. I look forward to seeing that. Yeah. This Is a crazy, crazy fucking movie. So directors can do that. So sometimes it's like that. It's gonna be a journey.


It's gonna be a journey. Yeah. And what Was the biggest journey through the, through the Unknown? I just wanna get the name of it. Right. A Complete Unknown Christmas day. Okay. Through What was the Yeah, leave it like that. Yeah. What was the biggest journey through A Complete Unknown on Christmas Day? Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of, You know, the biggest S day, it's title Only on Christmas. You can see It comes out on Christmas Day. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Biggest journey was the music and the voice. And also, I've never had my phone off the entire movie. I had three months. You phone off the whole movie. Yeah. I had three months to play this guy. And then the rest of my life, I never get to play him again. So I just want, I was, I was locked in also. You are never supposed to say you're competitive, but I want, You know, there's all been A lot of music.


Biopics. Yeah. And I wanted to do a great fucking job, man. I love Bob Dylan. I love this artist. None of this is for granted. This is a little misconception about actors too. And acting. You can have a cushy job on a TV show if you don't give a fuck about your work. It could be a great lifestyle. Right. You're making like high six figures, maybe low seven figures. And you're just showing up and you want, if you give a fuck about what you're doing, these are, these are long ass days. Wow. You know what I mean? These are 14 hour days, six days a week sometimes, You know, three months. Look, I know, I know people got it way harder. But I want to feel that grit. You know? I, I want to feel it, You know? I hope people don't laugh at it. I fucking really, I, I feel like I'm the hardest working man. Anyway. Maybe I shouldn't say that, but, but, but you Respect what you do.


Yeah. 'cause you got to, what else is the point? I talk about this with friends A lot. Like, this is too weird a lifestyle to be Nonchalant about. Yeah. Why do this? Yeah. If you're not gonna go as hard as possible. Yeah. Imagine. And On Marty Supreme, I'm wearing contacts 'cause he wanted my eyes to be little. So he gives me real glasses that fucked my eyes up. And I'm wearing contacts underneath to offset what the glasses are doing. And my vision was, my vision was basically fucked up until a day ago. Every time I took these glasses off, my, my vision was skewed. Wow. You know, you're Like the Forrest Gump of sight or whatever. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Sort of do Forres Gump as a, we had the Forrest Gump ping pong coaches.


Same lovely couple in La Diego going way, been married 40 years. Way as a Chinese ping pong champion. Uhuh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. From the eighties. She Pretty cool. She was, she's like, we would train. Yeah. Wei, we li there she is. There she Is. Marty Supreme. That's my ping pong coach. You know, we train for three hours and then she say, let's play for real. And she's like, she's probably like 97 pounds. Oh. She's like five foot one. And she's just like, yeah. Unbelievable. You're not getting a point across. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's beautiful. A little Bit of that. Do you? Yeah. Did you have to, so your phone was off for that long, so you just locked in. And what would you do to just go to, do you sleep on set or what do you do? What's that Like? I just sleep on set and, You know, method acting that gets like a bad rap.


People think it's just like a person being a prick and obliging everyone around them to subscribe to a reality that's not real. The, the thing I came up with, I call it dude, That's just everybody's stepdad as well, you know? Exactly. Exactly. Everybody. That's Method acting. I need a Beer. Yeah, exactly. And you, yeah. And yeah, damnit, get me that goddamn Miller Light. But, but no, I call it, I call it method energy because You know, you, You know, you can shit on me too if I'm coming off like a dick. But, You know, I just tried to, no cell phones, nothing that reminds you of the present. And Wow. Try to treat it like Bob Dylan as much as possible. Especially you're playing somebody that iconic, that was tough too.


He didn't feel like an icon when he was himself. He was just living his fucking life. Yeah. So if you talk to too many people that you get avoid ear worms. Oh. You know, Like get somebody putting something in your head that, that stay In there. Yeah. Yeah. That's why Edward Norton, I love him. He's great. Pizza in movie, but he's like, Edward Norton is a little bit his character in the movie Birdman, if you ever saw that. He's like a very confident, opinionated actor. So I would kind of have to, you know. And then he caught me watching rounders one day. Oh yeah. And then he, then, then it was over. And then he knew he had me. Oh, That's like, yeah. Watching another movie. That's movie that some guy's angry. Yeah. You Can call me. And they hear me like, oh, you like rounders. And I was like, all right, now, now we're gonna talk. Oh, hold me for a second, huh? Yeah. Yeah. That's A lot. Yeah. I'm still jumping on you at the end of this.


Get ready. Long as it's on the front, brother. Yeah. Get Ready. Get ready. Calm Down, man. Get ready. Get ready. You get a little too Hollywood for you Dude. I'm getting you at your comfort zone. I, I've been outta my comfort zone since I was Born, dude. Alright. Fair, fair, fair. I, yeah, I never subscribed to it. I never, or I never got the keys. Whatever. You know, the code they give you in high school to your locker. Yeah. You never got that. I Remember going up to my comfort zone and being Like, I don't think this is What's The most comfortable you've ever felt in your life? What's a great question? The most comfortable, Like most in your body? No drugs, no alcohol. Mm. Probably after like a sauna and ice bath type of type of thing. Oh, you do ice baths? Yeah. Yeah. I'll get in there, dude. I'll, oh yeah. I'll fricking just, I'll lay in a polar bear's ass brother. I like it.


I like it like that. Oh yeah. I like it. Just brisk like that, You know. I love that. Would you go to the Arctic? Oh yeah. I would go up there. Mr. Beast just went up there. He went to Antarctica. Whoa. I don dunno what he, but he said it was nothing up there. There's not even like, you can't be like, Hey, let's go somewhere. And like, no, you can't. I don't get how that stuff works, man. Where does he get, where does he get the money? He's Just, he's just huge. Huh. I guess he just has A lot of just expendable income to be that guy. You know? That's The other thing, like where I wanna be humble about putting movies out there. People's attention are elsewhere. Is elsewhere now. It's quick, fast. Yeah. And you gotta convince someone to see A Complete Unknown on Christmas Day and take the $15 or 20, whatever the fuck it is now.


And instead of watching, you know, Mr. Beast in the Arctic, You know. Well, Mr. Beast has a show actually that comes out right before that if like a week before. But, but he was just, we were talking, he was on here about the other day and it's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. And it's an interesting show. Totally different though. But one thing that's great about your movie is that, First of all, you just get, you also just in addition to whatever's going on with the movie, you get to hear like great music. Right. It's like, yeah, It's great music. Great great music. It's great music. You get to remember like Woody Guthrie. Yeah. Who played Woody Guthrie in it. Scoop McNary. He's amazing. Yeah, he's amazing. I Pull a picture of Scoot McNary. Scoop McNary. He Did it. You get a look at him before something happens to him. Yeah. And he, and he doesn't have a line in the movie. Oh, okay. He doesn't have a line 'cause he's 'cause he's so sick.


'cause he's so sick. That was pretty awesome. Yeah. We had Bernie Sanders on and he was saying that he said Pete Seeger was one of his favorite musician. Scoot McNair could play Bernie Sanders in a biopic. Oh, he could, right? Yeah. Totally could. Dude, You could play Ronald Reagan's son, Ricky Reagan or whatever. Is that a real guy? Huh? Is that a real guy? Probably. Dude, Bernie. Bernie hasn't aged. Nah. Bernie still looks the same. He's the best dude he comes. He He looked the same in the last Yeah. He's like a real folk hero. That's a great point. Yeah. Bernie is is, He is a folk hero. Yeah. He's folk music. Yeah. And you also forget about like what Yeah. I mean that's another thing about the movie. You see the challenge of Bob Dylan, like take on like music and culture. There's this whole other cultural thing that's kind of happening in the background, like on the television and the news during the movie.


It was a Crazy time. It was like the, it was the, it was A cool piece of life. It was a cool piece of life. The sixties were a cool time when You get out of it all and it's done. I was beat on this one. Were you? Yeah, I was. What does that really look like a break? Do you go to like a beach and just, No, another thing, another misconception about movies, like, as opposed to the academic year, it kind of winds down. You're never winding down on a movie. You're doing 14 hour days and you go off a cliff and it's done. You know, in other words, you don't, you don't, you don't relax towards the, towards the end. Right. Like it's, you know, we were doing a very important scene and then it was done forever, You know? And yeah, I guess I relaxed a little bit. I went on vacation, but I was beat I've been working, I was working on this for five years. This was like, this was like, this was as important to me as you going the parking lot and spying on the, on the, on the swim team of Lipscomb college.


Nothing to see here. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. I just, recruiting guys. Just recruiting production assistant. But, but do You, so it was, do you think you would've done it more justice five years earlier? No, Absolutely not. Also, 'cause I had the experience in my life where I would do interviews and, You know, it's a scary time to come up with the internet and stuff, You know, you want to get it right. And Bob Dylan, his early press conferences, he was confrontational. He was basically a dick. And I thought there was something really inspiring about that. Not, not that I ever wanted to be like that, but I just thought it was so different than how people are now. Yeah. Where you, where you Right. You're just automatically cordial. You just assume like, well you Gotta be, man, A a I am, I'm not a pretty cordial guy.


Yeah. But B got it. God forbid, You know, you don't wanna be f anyway, so, but he's these early press conferences. Oh, You know, if, if, if you're tremendously bored and not watching Mr. B stuff, watch the, the, the early Bob Dylan, San Francisco press conferences, You know? And I just thought, so anyway, five years working on it, I got a better sense on the other side of it. Oh. This is why he would've carried himself like that. Mm. You know, he had some wherewithal I didn't have in his early twenties where somebody said, how do you do it? He goes, basically didn't wanna tell anyone, you know me, maybe 'cause whatever the acting bone, somebody says, how do you do it? And you, you, you're so desperate for that. Pat on your back and you go, this is how I did it. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I just wanted, yeah. 'cause and you get more experience that you can put into something like you were saying earlier about acting like you can keep doing it for a long time.


You know? Exactly. Yo, can we hear any, Bob? Is that a weird thing to ask you? Dude? Is that lame? Like, like live right Now? I I'll try it. Go for it. All right, hold on. Lemme try it one more time. Hey, who is there? Hold on. I gotta give it. Get into it man. Get into it. Eh? Who is at the door? That's how it is. Dude, that's Horrible. That was pretty good. You got the nasality down, you got the nasality that, pick Up a word. You ver things and Bob Dylan did. Yeah, Exactly. He just made shit up. That was good, man. He Verified things, didn't he? I Don't think I, I'm trying to think who your music biopic would be still.


It Might have to be What about Chet Baker? I would do Chet Baker. Chet Baker or Chet Hanks even. Dude, you Can do that. Chet Hanks Biopic. Dude, that would be unbelievable. That's a, that's a glitch in the system. Yeah, It's all gl Everything is, yeah, Everything is a glitch. Dude. John Bon Jovi. It could be anybody. Chet has a new country album that's gonna come out this year too, I think. Or next year. Dude, you gotta play Chet. Also, it'd be a great excuse to get shredded Now if that would be, I would just do it for the head. Just Do it for that. They'll set you the best trainers. You get the HGH. Now I could do it, man. I'm trying to think if, if there's anything else that we want to ask or anything else that you wanted to say Timothy? Ah man. No, just thanks for having me on. I'm trying to think, I think we kind of covered A lot of These stuff.


I think we covered it all, man. Yeah. I gotta water my plants dude. I just got home. Well You have a place in la Yeah, I have apartment here. Oh, You do? Is it here? Over in Westwood. In Westwood. Right at night. I love Westwood and so yeah, I get my You did, did he Reese And I forget. Yeah, I go over there sometimes. Yeah. I go walk over there and sometimes I would go for that and I would just end up getting a bunch of vapes and just sitting over my car. But I, yeah, I would get, I just, sometimes I forget to wash my plant. Wa wa I forget to water my plants, you know? And then I'd get home and it's been like a month or something. Your Place is ready to be ified, man. I know. And I'll always water. I'll be like, your mother, your mother left us. I'll yell shit like that. I'll be like, your mother left. To who? To the plants. I'll just make, I'll like blame it on their like imaginary mother or whatever. I'll like, she, we would've been fine, But they're, she left And I'm just pouring water on The punishment is the water?


No, the water is their, I'm, I've given 'em the water, but it would've, they'd have been watered every day if their mother, oh, If their mother had left, hadn't left us. Oh, see, so you're bringing out the resentment on the plan. She left Us anyway. This Who's the mother? Poison ivy. It's Just, it, it's just a fictional woman For now. It's a fictional woman. Yeah. I feel like the next time we talk, if you had me back on, I feel like you're gonna be a year and a half into a beautiful marriage and a recent father. And, and you will have, you will have, you'll have a Subaru. Ooh. But I'll take, You know what? If the family comes with that and that's what it takes, I'll do it.


Alright. You know, I'll do that. And, and I appreciate it. Timothy Chalamet, thanks for all the neat act, man. Thanks for that. Thanks for the movie about the drug, about the young man struggling with drugs. Thanks for the movie about Bob Dylan. And just thanks for sharing. Like what it takes, the commitment that it does take. 'cause I do feel that from you. I appreciate it, man. I do feel that of the commitment that it really takes, if you really want to take this opportunity and make the most of it in your life, you know exactly Like you're doing. And I see you doing, you know, you, You know, so you just gotta go hard. Amen. Brother. Christmas Day, the movie comes out. You can go watch it in the theaters with your family over the holidays. Perfect. Perfect family Movie. Be In theaters. Yeah. It'll be in theaters on Christmas Day. A Complete Unknown.


Super proud of this man. You Should be, man. Congratulations brother. Thanks. You lemme talk about it, bro. Yep, yep. That was fun, man. Man. Thank you man. You bet. Holy shit. That wasn't as grounded as, I'm sorry. Yeah, That's front side. I just on the, and I feel, I'm Like, I must be corner when I reach that. I'll share this bones.