
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


I have some new tour dates to let You know about. I'll be in East Lansing. I'll be in Toledo, Ohio, Rama Ontario In the Canada, Pittsburgh, pa, Eugene, Oregon. Kennewick, Washington. Seattle. Washington, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station, Texas, Belton, Texas, San Antonio, Durant, Amarillo, Oxford, Mississippi. Had had a Fayetteville, Arkansas, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Rolling LA and Tallahassee, Florida.


Rosemont, Illinois, Winnipeg and Calgary In the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO Uur and thank you so much for your support. Put a bow on it. Put a bow on it. That's the end of the year, baby In the books. That's it. Wrap it up. They used to have a fell in our neighborhood when I was growing up and he had affliction, You know, and they, nobody knew what he had, you know, but he had, and his daddy kind of had it.


Whatever. His daddy had his daddy, You know it. It got worse when he had it when he was born. They're like, damn, he's got it. And I remember at the holidays, they'd put a bow on him, put a big bow on him and let him be out in the yard and let him pick up some of the driveway gravel, make wishes on it, and throw it over to over to fence over there by their house. But what are we talking about? Good to see everyone. Merry Christmas to you. Merry Christmas to you. Happy holidays.


Happy Black Christmas. I know that there's some people celebrate that black Christmas, I don't remember what it's called, and I don't wanna offend anyone, but that. You know what I'm saying? That Chalo, that chaga lot Christmas baby. That her's Christmas, You know what I'm saying? Get Bug. Get bug And, and they got all the Christmases and everybody, happy Christmas. Merry Christmas to you. And the end of the year is here. I can't believe it. I can't believe that, that we got the end of the year already. I just remember everything was kind of was.


It was a crazy year. It started off, You know, shit was weird. And then things got kind of trans or whatever. And then suddenly it's Christmas. And here we are. We have some great Christmas music too. I want to just take a second so we can hear a couple of these tunes. So we have 'em. And just put us in the mood right here today at the end of 2024, right here. Let's hear a little something. And that's all this, that's Christmas Bells by Mike Franklin.


And that's for every, that's that autism Christmas baby. That Cism baby. Let's hear a little more of it. China. And that's a little bit of Asian Christmas too. That's that Bobby Lee lunch whistle baby. You know what I'm saying? That's that Bobby Lee mating call right there.


And you can see Bobby Lee just, just looking up in the distance behind a big stack of like a big rice wall or something. Boy, You can see him looking up. Woo. And that's beautiful there, right there. It's called Christmas Bells by Mike Franklin. And you gotta love music this time of year. It's something that really keeps you together, keeps your mind together. I'll put on a song sometimes if I can't, You know, if I can't handle shit, I'll damn put on a song and I'll put a pacifier in my ass and just pray to God.


Brother, let's hear one more song here. And this is called Christmas Wonders by Howard Harper Barnes, amen. And this sounds like rich people driving to shop or whatever, You know? And they're, the kid has clean hair, you know, and the kid has clean hair and has a lunch that has a, a lunchbox that has actual lunch in it. You know, I remember my lunchbox. Sometimes it would just have a little piece of paper in there.


It would say, fuck you on it, You know? And then a p some silverware in that bitch too. So it'd make a, You know, it'd make that sound, that very industrial sound When you were running with it. You would hear the silverware in there and then you'd nice piece of paper in there or something. Be like, Get fucked, You know, or something like that. Inside of it. Let's hear a little bit more. Oh, we are rich. We have gas in our car. It's a Volvo late for the store.


The mall, it's closing. Let's get some steak for the kids. We're rich. Bu bum. Are we almost outta gas? Fuck. No, we're not. We're rich. That's what that reminds me of. Rich people going to the mall with their clean hair and shit and their kids or whatever. That ain't the kind of, Our shit was just like jingle bells. You'd have some guy out there fucking smoking jingle bells. Ah, Then you'd throw a throw a fucking, and he, he, and he'd throw A fucking miller of light against the wall.


He'd be like, where's your mother? Where's your fucking mother? He'd like, mom, who is that? Mom? Is that Santa? He, she'd be like, that's, no, that's your, and it would be your dad or your stepdad or your, the mechanic who y'all owed money to. Dude, I remember the mechanic one time we owed him something, he came and got that bitch right back off the car, bro. He, I don't know if it was a damn spark plug or a, it was a motor joint or whatever. He ca it was a damn clevis clamp or something for a steering pendulum. And he came and pulled that bitch right out of there, dude. Yeah, that car barely worked after that. You had to turn the radio up to get it to go left every time that If you wanted that bitch to go left, you had to fucking crank up some Aerosmith and pray some two people had to be praying in the back.


It ran on four hands power. You had to have four, four hands pushed together, praying straight to God, crank up that Aerosmith, bam, son, 90 degree, right turn. And that's how we did it back then. And that's what that song reminds me. That's Christmas Wonders by Howard Harper Barnes. Beautiful tune there to get you ready for the holidays. Let me see what else we got here. Here's one right now. And this is a Christmas in the club. Let's hear it.


Hmm. Oh shit. Oh shit. Prancer. Prr in this bitch, dancer on that shit. Reindeer. Reindeer On Pluto, on Ricky, on Mario, on Deandre in the club.


We all reindeer. That's a mildly urban tune, I believe there. And that's Christmas House Music by Dylan Stitt. All righty. We may have one more Christmas tune here to bring you guys into the, into the world, bro. Here we got a little something right here. And this is called Trap Beat Christmas Past by Cushy. Bring it up in my headphones. Cushy snowfall bitch All the way.


Ooh, hook Rocky. Rocky got that cock on him. And that is Trap Beat Christmas passed by Cushy with a little bit of ensemble in the background. I added some vocals there and that was Rocky got that cock on him at the end. And everybody remembers a fellow I grew up with his son Rocky. And he was mentally, he was just, he wa well, he wasn't mentally, he was on mental or you know, he just, his, his shit was kind of, you know, he was that fucking, he was just the Lord's side item.


And he, he, but he had that thing on him. Maybe he had that piece. He had that fricking Draco on him. Boy, Rocky got that cock on him. And I remember one year around the holidays, everybody was just shocked at the, at the size of the stump on that beautiful young fella. Even his father. Even his father was, and that's what it's, that's what it's all about. What's going on? Sorry, don't know what I'm talking about. We've just, we're in the Christmas time of year and I want to thank the everybody who's just listened to the podcast this year and made a part to be a part of it.


We've, You know, we've had the most successful year as a podcast depending on what you determine success by. But we've had the most prolific year, I think, You know, and that's a blessing just to have it like that and what's going on today. I got to go over to Vanderbilt University over there with Coach Car, Clark Lee and hang out with some of the players over there and watch them practice. They got a beautiful facility, You know, and it was just, You know, I felt lucky to be in the building. This is a SEC football school.


And just to watch 'em go and just how it all, they have like the different periods for when like the team switch and, and, and practice different parts of the game plan and different formats and everything when a football format and just, so just to witness all of that was pretty awesome, You know, and just to be in, in Nashville as that team is building and putting, really, just putting that anchor down baby. This was the year that they really kind of, I think put that stamp win on the program and just a great season over there. And so that was great just to, just to go get to do that.


And I wish them the best over there against Georgia Tech with Diego, pa, the Latino ninja. And that guy just, You know, there's, he is one of a kind man and that whole team is, it is just, they got a family over there. And so I think that's what I like the most, just being able to be around a group of people and you know, as you get older and as life changes, you don't get A lot of groups like that. You don't get A lot of team like that in your life as much. So I think, you know, even just to get to see that and be around it for just like, if we went over there for maybe an hour and a half or something and yeah, it was just, it was cool man.


I'm not trying to brag about it or anything and some, You know, but it was just, I just thought it was, it was just cool. So thankful to them. What's been happening in the world. We got a couple of things. People right here it says New Jersey drones. Oh God, what is this? They got a call that came in about it. Let's hear. It is, what is it? Onward. Hey Theo, what's up? What's up brother? Thanks for calling. What's up brother? Just wanted to call, ask what you think about the drones in New Jersey. Just wanted to hear your thoughts on that and have a good day.


The drones in New Jersey. Yeah, I've seen it. People are like, look, hey Samantha, get the fuck I get outta here and she's breastfeeding some little Rutgers fan or whatever. And he is like, Samantha, get the fuck, get outta here. Put your tens away and get outta here. The drum, they got the drones, some guy's got fucking salami grease in his eyes, he can't even see that good. He's all fucking just geeked up on Mortadella or whatever. Like yeah, yeah. If you hit the, Hey, hey Frankie, you seeing his drones and people saying they're from Africa online, African drones and, but that would be, they, they'd be paper airplanes, bro.


Africa ain't making no drones, bro. They making soup. They got, they got, they're dealing with different issues, grassroots issues over there. You know, they ain't Zambian drones over there. It's probably people like it's aliens, You know? I don't care. I don't care what it is. I don't care, dude. I don't care if it's aliens good. Y'all keep talking about them bitches every week. Bring 'em on. I I, I hope it is something from another world that probably, hopefully it's coming to help the jets, whatever it is. That's all it is. Hopefully whatever them drones, I hope they sh sh go. I hope they go straight over there and help the jets over there.


'cause they could use some support. I know that the New York jets could use a damn drone or something on defense. They, they need a, some free, they need it. But yeah, that's what people are saying that the drones over there. Hey Gina, get out here. Gina's inside, she's finishing off a tattoo. She got, she's getting a tattoo on her arm. A fucking, You know, she finally, it's like her, the third character from fucking Boondock Saints or something on her arm, or it's some chick or it's some chick from Marist, you know, with a jersey. Mike's Brasier, You know, she's nine mint jus into the slot and she's figuring things out.


It's the drones, You know, I just, I, You know, it's probably one of those frats just dropping pills into people's drinks. That's the way, that's how they're doing it now, ladies. It's, it is the drones. It's some, it's probably some pike with a, with a remote on his phone. Yeah, yeah. Ah. So I don't know. That's what's going on out there. But yeah, that's what's happening in my world today. That's kind of it.


You know, the year has happened so fast. I feel Like I'm not getting enough time to prepare to be, to do, You know, it's almost like you want to finish everything off and do everything and, and then I gotta remember, You know, you can only do what you can, right? You can only do what you can and You know, instead of trying to make it to five houses in one day on Christmas or Christmas Eve, like make it to two or three and spend some quality time there and say, Hey, next year I'll come and see you guys, you know, or I'll see you at Easter or I'll see you here, or I'll see you the day after.


You know, sometimes we try to stack everything on the one day. Yeah. So that's what's happening. That's some more what else is happening in the news? London's Christmas tree this year is pathetic. This says, let me see. Ooh, that bitch, dang boy, Landon, the bridge is falling due. That bitch gonna fall as well, baby. Gosh, Man, that thing looks like it got too many vaccines, brother. That thing. Wow. London, y'all didn't, you guys must have give all your money to foreign countries as well, brother.


That thing barely lit up. Oh, that thing. Missing some branches. A bird wouldn't land in that bitch. I know that you'd be lucky to find a, maybe a penguin roll up under it, but you can, I bet you couldn't find 60 birds that would live in that bitch. That thing looks like section eight for swans over there. You got you missing some brunches on it. That looks like when you get one of those haircuts at one of those schools you ever been to, like the school where they cut it and they have the person up front. It's his first time. He's like, it's like a school, it's a hair school. They had it in our town when I was young. And for 50 cents you, they cut your hair or they cut it for free If you fucking walked in there, they didn't give a shit.


They was just happy to let any practice on it, bro. You come out that bitch looking like a damn God. Everybody, you get like a 6-year-old lesbian. I don't care what you was a male female Beon, anything that put a, I don't care If you was Australian Shepherd, you look like a damn 6-year-old lesbian in there. They put damn sideburns on your fucking right on the front of your head. They, they didn't, they didn't know what they was doing in there. I think it was an Aveda Roberts or something. It was called Aveda Roberts Hair Cafe or whatever. You go in there, 50 cents. And it was some dude, it was, he'd been a substitute teacher three weeks earlier at my school and now he's in here and he's shaking hands, You know, hi, I am, You know, I'm Reginald or whatever.


And he changed his name and it's Reginald bitch, you're Reginald. All right. I don't know, I'll, you know, I'll pretend with you for 45 seconds, but you're Reginald from social studies, sir. And then he'd try to trim your shit up or whatever he'd take you. They'd wash your hair due to try to fucking drown you in there. Drown you in the sink for 50 cents. Barely make it out. That bitch dude. Just scary to be a part of some of that shit. What were we talking about, Trevon? Do you remember the London Christmas tree? Oh yeah. So I can relate to, you know, not getting what you pay for there London or getting what you pay for, you know, that's what you get, baby.


What else do we have? PornHub will block access for Floridians on January 1st. And I say this, You know, I applaud this. I have friends that work in pornography or that do it and stuff like that. And that's fine. This is not a judgment against any of those people or any people that are involved in sex work. But no one in Florida will be able to access PornHub the most trafficked pornography website in the world as of January 1st. And honestly, I think that it's good, You know, I think watching porn porno has, it's not, it's, it makes for me, it makes A lot of shame inside of me.


Anytime I'm busting myself out or just, you know, or You know, doing, You know, anytime I'm just, you know, just LARPing that fricking ranger or whatever, or just making my body talk and do just, You know, anytime I'm just, anytime I'm doing pornography, I don't feel good about myself. That's the truth. I don't feel good about myself. You know, it makes me feel ashamed, kind of, it makes me feel weak. It makes me feel ashamed of myself. And those aren't ways that I want feel. And I believe it takes away, 'cause I've seen this happen with so many of my friends and myself.


I think it takes away your desire to connect with the opposite sex, You know? And then like, you go home and you don't have the energy for your wife, you don't even have the attraction. 'cause you, you're basically just taking the attraction out of your body. You know, God puts like magnets in our body, or mother nature or God or godmother, nature, whatever. She keeps changing her name. I have no idea. But she's probably just hiding, You know, trying to hide from the courts or whatever. But she, they and God or whatever, they put like a magnet in your body and that creates the attraction. So when I'm taking all my energy and I'm putting it just into pornos on the internet or whatever, I'm just, I'm just giving all of my energy, my good beautiful human nature, energy.


I'm giving it away, You know? And, and then it makes me feel ashamed. It makes me feel just, it doesn't make me feel good. That's what I'll say. And so I don't wanna do that. And so I'm glad that they're starting to crack down and, and not they're starting to, but we, we, we need some help. I think that's what I think. I think we need some help. Yes, people should be able to watch whatever they want or look at whatever they want. But also, I don't think we should just let things, everything just be available. I don't think so. And some people might say, well that's like communism or something.


I don't know. That's like a restriction. That's fine. Look, I've watched enough porn porno to know that you don't, you don't need it. Now it's easy for me to say because I got to see some of it, but, You know, and I'll sit around a fire and tell you what it was like if that's what you need. But, but I'm happy. I think we need to go back to the days of drawing. So you have to sneak in, You know, sneak into your brother's room and sneak a drawing of some coda out from under a fucking aquarium. And it's a little bit wet and it's got some fish flakes on it or whatever on the sketch. But that's how you get it, You know? So I think there needs to be a little more, more barrier to entry in the sex.


Yeah. And look, that's how I feel about it. And that's okay If you feel differently, but I've watched it have an effect on my own life. And I, and I'm, I, I'm glad it won't be as accessible, I think. And that's okay If you feel differently. I'm not saying what I feel is right and that's okay, but I'm just tired of Like, I feel like it takes your masculinity. It's trying to, and it's like these systems that use these algorithms against us, it knows, it knows you're addicted to it. So it's like I'm gonna serve you that addiction right here. And it is up to ourselves to be able to prevent ourselves from looking at it. I agree.


But it's easier for me not to do cocaine if somebody isn't just, if every time I open my window, there's somebody not right there with some cocaine. So that's all I'm saying.


This episode is sponsored by PrizePicks. Do you love firing on sports? Taking a chance? Well, PrizePicks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. You can sign up today and get $50 instantly When you play just $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed December. It means it's the season of giving. And PrizePicks only knows one way to celebrate, pick musts, follow along this holiday season for free picks, discounts, free lineups and more coming at you all month long. Mary Pickus, you can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and more. Here's What I love about PrizePicks. Instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. That's how they do it. Each player has a set projection and you choose more or less than that set projection. It's simple. So for example, If you think Tyrese Halliburton is gonna score more than 20 points, you'll choose that. While If you think Nick Nicola Yik is gonna score less than 16 rebounds, you'll choose that. If you're smart with sports and You know what players are gonna perform on what nights, PrizePicks is the best app for you. First time users download the PrizePicks app, use code. Theo and PrizePicks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50. That's right PrizePicks, this episode is sponsored by PrizePicks.


Today's sponsor is Kraken, the number one ranked crypto platform by Forbes for December, 2024. The price of Bitcoin's been climbing like a squirrel. And if you've been thinking, man, I need to get me some of that digital gold. Well, Kraken is where you need to be. Kraken, K-R-A-K-E-N has been in the crypto game for over 13 years. And You know me, I've personally dabbled in crypto in the past and now I've dabbled a little more and just got me a little, just a little St Sharun, You know, just keeping it for a rainy day in the future. So where's the best place to buy crypto? That's easy. Kraken. Head to Kraken dot com slash Theo. That's www.kraken.com/ THEO. And sign up now. That's Kraken dot com slash Theo. This is not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through pay word interactive incorporated. See Kraken dot com slash legal slash ca dash pru dash disclaimer for info on krakens undertaking to register in Canada.


This video is brought to you by Manscaped dot com. It's the global men's lifestyle brand that is revolutionizing the landscape of men's grooming. They're taking care of everything Today. I've got something extra special to share with you all. A game changer in the grooming world. Oh, he's so groomed. Manscaped Beard and Balls bundle featuring the lawnmower 5.0 ultra and the beard hedger. It's a perfect duo for your face and below the waist. And you can bundle and save as well. Whether you're taming your mane or perfecting your beard, this bundle has everything you'll need to level up your grooming routine. Bundle up and save. Get 20% off and free international shipping When you use code Theo at Manscaped THEO. That's 20% off in free shipping with promo code Theo at Manscaped dot com.


All right, what else do we have here? Oh, people sent in some cat Williams's right here and people are finding them everywhere and that's beautiful. Let's see what they sent in for us. 'cause You know I got my Kub out already. I got him in the living room. That's my little angel. Oh, they said they put this one right near the Barbie. This cat Williams trying to meet a white girl. Look at this one. A cat Williams. Somebody put gang baby, that's one. And then whoa, whoa, this one off that scissor baby. This one's been sipping boy. Wow. This one definitely on the clock. Hiding at work.


I've seen this one before. Dang, this one off that Henny baby Damn boy. Let's see one right here. Oh this one. Hiding too. I seen this one at work at lunch hiding out in between a couple boxes or whatever. And this one got a little eight ball on him too. What is that? A eight ball? No, what is that thing called? Trevon? No globe. Snow Globe. Thank you. But yeah. And then this one right here, sketch sent me this one. There's one and that's Cat Williams. And that's Cat Williams and Cam Newton hanging out right there.


We caught them on the edge of the store over there by the appliance area. Air conditioning, hvac, all that. So they, they over there mingling or whatever, talking shop. Okay, what else we got? We got some more art. TikTok is on the verge of getting banned. The Supreme Court will hear arguments over the law that could ban TikTok in the US if it's not sold. Who is the owner of TikTok? I want see if he would come on here. I think it's Chow Shane or something. I think it's Chow Shane Chu Shit.


Yeah, Chu Chu. Yeah. We gotta get him in here because I wanna know what the truth is. And I would like to say to you, Chu, if you're willing to come on, maybe we would love to have you in here just to learn a little bit about it right here. The Supreme Court said it'll hear arguments next month of the constitutionality of the federal law that could ban TikTok in the United States. If it's Chinese parent company doesn't sell it, the law enacted in April set a January 19th deadline for TikTok to be sold or else face a ban in the United States. A popular social media platform has more than 170 million users in the us. The high court will also hear arguments from content creators who rely on the platform for income.


And some TikTok users, president-elect Donald Trump, who once supported a ban but then pledged during the campaign to save. TikTok has said his administration would take a look at the situation. Trump met with TikToks, CEO, Shay Chu on Friday. The case pits free speech rise against the government's stated aims of protecting national security. The government ain't protecting national security. I think at this point we can all recognize they don't really have our security in their sites. You know what I'm saying? They let, they'll let anybody, they don't want somebody getting your information off TikTok, but they'll let somebody just come across the willy-nilly come into the country willy-nilly.


And I say that only because we've met with border patrol agents and we've, that's the truth. There's no, you can sugarcoat it any way you want. So I don't believe that. I believe that they don't want people sharing the truth about the genocide in Palestine. And that's why that they're doing it. I believe that that's what it is. And TikTok is one of those places where people could still do that. And they want to own it. They wanna own it. Dude Suppressing Yes, suppressing, thank you so much. Yes. And I think, yeah, I mean, and people say thank you and, and people say like, well we don't want China having our information.


All these every, they all have our, what are they? I don't understand sometimes what, what that means. You know, like what do you have my information? I have like six pieces of information. There's no way you don't have them. I've put them into some of the probably shadiest sites on the web. You got 'em. You know, I don't even, people have our information. What do you Mike? I'm scared they're gonna get my DoorDash order. They've got, they have our information. So then it's just, what don't they want us to see? Right? What don't they want us to see? Because if they can control what they, what we see, they'll control what we know or what we believe.


Maybe, I don't know, do I sound crazy? I don't know. Doesn't matter. While both are, and the, and there is a, and there's a difference between the TikTok and China and the TikTok and USA while both it says right here, while both are owned by the same company, bite Dance, TikTok and China called Ion do Y-D-O-U-Y-I-N doin is significantly different from the version available in America with a much stricter focus on child-friendly content, including educational videos and stricter time limits due to stricter Chinese government regulations regarding online content for minors. Whereas the American version is considered more open and has a wider variety of content with less restrictions on viewing time.


Eh, it more open has a wider variety of, so I understand like they want to keep, like the Chinese government probably keeps theirs more informative. And then, You know, America's just, we like the fat, we like the funny, You know, just like we don't wanna learn as much. It's not as much of our nature. A lot of us, You know, we're more tempted by the other stuff. And so that's what we kind of consume and enjoy. But that seems like a crazy, but I just don't buy the content down. I just don't buy that They're getting gonna get our information. Whatcha you gonna get my shoe size? Whatcha you get my address in college or something? You know, what are you gonna get?


What vitamins I'm taking? What are you gonna get? That's what it's like. You know, we don't, they're gonna get our what? What is what information? I can't think of anything that I haven't already put into a computer probably. So I think they have our information, but what do I know dude? I don't fucking know, dude. I'll smoke a bag of my own in nuts, homie. I don't give a shit, boy. I'll eat the fucking shingles off your house. Yeah, I will. All right, what else do we have? We got some calls that came in. Any more news? Oh, Columbus Funeral Home. The first operating America with a liquor license.


Columbus, Ohio. A north side funeral home could soon serve mourners in a new way. Alcohol. Wow. Welcome New Ireland. That's what we're talking about. Funerals. Evergreen funeral cremation and reception is set to open next year. They apply for liquor license and could soon be serving people during services. That's nice. The mission is to make the process of a very difficult time, a little easier. My role in this position is to be kind of a party planner for the dead. That's what Hunter Triplet told. WSYX triplet wants to shed the business's reputation of being dark and morbid by offering manageable prices.


And the option for mourners to raise a toast to a lost loved one with a bar. That's fair. Interesting. We, we will be serving alcohol when people are on the premises and remain on the premises. Yeah. 'cause imagine that somebody leaves a funeral car accident deceased. So these people are kind of, I dunno what that's called, double dipping or whatever. It seems like it. So, but hey, that's the kind of America we should, You know, but we gotta ban TikTok 'cause it's getting your information. What else?


Oh, New York considering special hotline just for CEOs to report alleged threats to their safety after the Brian Thompson killing. For those of you who do not know it, Brian Thompson was the, he was the matriarch or whatever the Brian Thompson not, that's not the right word. He was the CEO of United Healthcare, I believe it's called United Healthcare. He was gunned down in the middle of Manhattan earlier this month. And so New York, governor Kathy Hackle is considering a, creating a special hotline just for CEOs to report alleged threats to their safety.


A hotline that sounds like some CEO's gonna call a hotline. I think they know now. Like they should all, they would all call it. 'cause it feels like they just got, they now, there's no point in the hollering. You got it. They, there's the, the threat to the safety is there, You know, somebody's been popping off. Somebody pulled that Draco out on somebody, You know, because they wouldn't do the co You know, they was wrenching somebody's mother over to medical bills and stuff. You knew it was gonna happen. I feel like, and I feel like this is where we're starting to get in society, where you're gonna start to see vigilantism.


Now some people can just say it's murder. Some people can say it's vigilantism, You know, and it could be both. That's the thing as well. But you're just gonna see, yeah, at a certain point that's gonna happen. You know, you're seeing people take things into their hands because institutions like the government or won't do it. That's what you're starting to see. You're seeing it everywhere. You know, you started to see it during Covid when Dave Portnoy was handing they were helping out, they were helping out small businesses while the government, while covid people where they were shutting 'em down.


So you started to see private people or regular people taking action to do things that you would think that the, your government would do. Right. And I think at a certain point you would think that your government would keep you safe from toxic insurance programs. And they aren't. Medical debt is the leading cause of bankruptcy in America. So you think about the stress and all that cause it's, it's horrible. It's horrible. But meanwhile we have billions of dollars to give somewhere else. It's just fucking people are sick of things.


And then you start to see people take things into their own hands that their government should be doing for them. So how do you guys feel about vigilantism or, You know, I don't, is that a crazy thing to say? I mean, obviously it is murder, it is a crime. So that is no doubt. But sometimes there are crimes that people do because they don't, there's no choice. You know, we give that excuse when people rob a Shoney's or whatever, or you rob a taco Vesper, whatever, some guy's selling fucking Mexican off of the back of a damn bird scooter or whatever.


Some fucking lime, some fucking little lime monster, You know, slinging that. She holmes You know, slinging that. She, but anyway, I'm fucking rambling. I think I'm getting a little bit into the news, but I'm just inter, I'm interested, what do you guys think about vigilantism? Do you think this is just murder? Do you think that we're gonna see more of that as time goes on? Yeah, because at some point if something bends enough, the fuck is, shit's gonna start to get weird. And I kind of, I like weird shit, You know what I'm saying? I like weird shit, bro. I've been involved in some misconnections with the devil brother, but I, I love how the government thinks a hotline is gonna help bitch.


That's the same thing you gave to people that were having problems with the insurance company in the first place. You gave 'em a call a hotline motherfucker. His mom, your mom's mom's been on, on hold with insurance for two hours now she gotta call another hotline to complain about it. Get fucked. That's what I say, bro. That's what I say. And when, when, when people start to realize the truth, bro, shit gets it's, that's wild. That's what I say, man, damn, this have got me agitated and I'm between insurance companies right now, so I better calm down dude.


And that's the truth. I think my new policy goes in on the first or whatever. So anyway, let's get to some calls, man. Sorry I've been rambling. I know I've been kind of vocal about shit, but maybe I'm not sorry. I don't give a, i I don't know what I'm doing, dude. I don't know. It's been a long year and shit does make me agitated sometimes. I've had three coffees today. You know, I watched a SEC team play football. I'm feeling hyped. We got a video call in right here that came in as always. The Hotline is 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. And there's, you can submit videos as well through the websites. Here we go.


You want potty and what'd you say after that? Gang, gang, Gang gang. Maybe there's a young kid right there and if he potties or whatever, if he does pissing or does booty work, they let him say gang, gang. And that's beautiful. Praise God. Good to see these young fellas right here. What up Theo? My name is Dallas. I'm What's up Dallas? Good to see. Good to hear you brother. Let's hear more. I'm driving home right now. What I do for a living is I, I set up Christmas lights for people. So some might call me a, a spreader of joy. You know, I'm a joy spreader.


Spread that holiday greeting. Okay brother. Thank you. Yeah, and putting the lights up. I looked into, it's a little pricey. I looked into it. It's a little pricey. I'd rather just get home and wish they were up for about a month and then just, then it's January or whatever. But I do feel you and I get jealous when I see homes that have 'em up and when I, if I get a wife next year, I don't work as much. I'm gonna put some up, but onward man. I'm sorry, I'm making this about me brother. Let's hear more. But what I'm, what I'm trying to get to is that, You know, I do it all morning, all night long. Sometimes I'm getting home at three in the morning and doing it again at seven in the morning.


So it's long days. Yeah brother. Well you can't, You know, If you trying to change the whole mood of a neighborhood, it's gonna take time, man. You know what I'm saying? Romano's macaroni grill wasn't built in a day or whatever. They say, man, I don dunno what that saying is. Onward. And I feel like I'm giving all the joy, but I don't have the joy being replenished within my, my temple, my, my body. So I don know just what, what is your advice on how to, I'll tell you how you gotta do a little peeping time and maybe you right there. You right there brother.


You know what I'm saying? You write the, the, the devil just put you on the window cell boy you elf on a shelf of lust, brother, you, you got an excuse to be on the ladder. You know how hard it's to climb up that ladder with no excuse to be in someone's yard, brother. And you just telling you're bird watching or something. You're just staring into their fucking window. Yeah dude, you have, you're getting paid to peep in time, brother. What are you talking about? Change your attitude. Start lurking and slurping homie. You know what I'm saying? Get tipped out. Big dog. You feel me? Skirt, How much is that doggy in the window?


Get over there and get you some boy. Oh we that ladder. Boy. Get out there brother. You know what I'm singing Slurp daddy. Alright, let's hear another call that is coming about Christmas. Hi Theo, it's Destiny from Mississippi. Hey Stephanie from Mississippi over there and I'll be going to Natchez, Mississippi actually for a night to spend time with some family that I used to live with over there. My buddy Richard Sharp, his family and just blessed to get to see them again.


Gang onward. I'm sitting here racking my brain, trying to figure out what I should get my 8-year-old son for Christmas. I mean you were a boy once and you were eight once. So yeah, I just wanted to know your thoughts about that. Thank you man. Love you. Bye. Love you too. Thank you so much for calling. That's a good question. What do you get an 8-year-old boy? Hmm? And he's just a boy Probably. I wonder how tall he is. How long is an 8-year-old? Let me look that up really quick. How long? Eight. How long is an 8-year-old soccer game? Fuck What?


That's ridiculous. Who's looking up that shit? It says between 47 and 54 inches tall. Shit, how tall? How long is that? How long Is, How much is that 50 feet Or sorry? 50 inches is four feet. Okay, so we're looking at four feet tall. Something that's four feet tall. What do you get it? Fuck. That's a damn wiener dog. That's, You know, that you got living with you. Yeah, a an 8-year-old. You know what, I think there was some things my mom would get us that were fun things but then she would get us things that were like kind of creative, like thinking things as well, you know?


And I really liked that. Like we would get like puzzles or different type of stuff. Clay, one year we didn't have any money. My mom got us some, a couple, she got us everybody. These two liter sodas, these big old and them big dogs, you remember them bitches when they first came out with them bitches. And one year they came out with a damn three liter soda. Bring that bitch up. God Dang boy, When they, bro, you rolled into my neighborhood with a fucking three liter soda, bro. We ride here, you don't want it Anyway.


We right here, we ready Bro. That bitch was a gang banger. So that, You know, that's the kind of shit I get that little bastard of three liter soda baby, shake that bitch up. But I think also some jewelry. Get him something man, I'm a, I'm gonna ice my family out probably with some stuff from Kohl's or maybe some backwoods shirts or what, you know, different shit. What is it called? A full body fits, maybe some backwoods fits or something.


So yeah, I think, but that an 8-year-old. I like something though that he has to think or something. Something you can also maybe do with him. There's gotta be like a fun, like a good game or something. Or a shovel too or a treasure map. Get him like a A something. Maybe hide something for him and get him that treasure. Get him a treasure, a sh shovel treasure getter because yeah, then you have him dig up something and maybe it's nothing right? But oh well that's life, huh? That's life shorty. Better learn it now.


Work card bringing, But no, I think also a big hug. Maybe take him to a nice movie. Ooh, what about this? What if you get him like a gift card to some mo a movie theater and then he gets to pick out some movies he wants to go see. So maybe that could be something where you get to read the movies to him and be like, well these are the movies they have for your age. And then he gets to pick one and choose it and then it's him making AdChoices and feeling like he has AdChoices. And If you guys get to spend time together or not, I think that would've been something that I probably would've enjoyed, You know, or You know, my mom took me to Wendy's once when we were kids and I remember that and that's nice.


That was something nice as well. Destiny is that lady's name and yeah, and just Merry Christmas to you and your son. I'm glad you guys get to do some fun stuff together. What's something else? I think something like that is nice where he gets a say so in it and then it's AdChoices he made. So that kind of builds up his ability to think and ask like, okay, well what are the choices? Right? Maybe what do I know 8-year-old kid might not, he might, You know, he might wanna just sip track or whatever and sit in the, and sit in a fucking sedan in the parking lot. I have no idea what kids are doing Now here we got a call that came in.


Right here is always the Hotline. 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. What's up? The, this is well from South Carolina had a question for you. I was just wondering, we, me and my buddies went to a casino up here at Kings Mountains, one of the Native American casinos. And You guys went to a Native American casino. Okay, thank you. I was just, just astounded by the amount of Asians here. Not to be racist or anything, but like the amount, It's not racist to see Asians brother. Lemme tell you that it's not racist to see Asians. You see Asians, what are you gonna do? Not see 'em or whatever. Pretend you're, You know, rip your eyes outta your head. No, it's okay to see Asians brother.


Let's see more. Sorry, let's hear more Amount of Asians that were at this casino. Were just insane, dude. I mean, You know, it was pretty cool. But have you ever experienced that Asians or prolific gamblers? Yeah, I've seen A lot of that. Man, Hila, the one guy was yelling, I remember there was a, it was a basketball or something. I remember walking through a casino one time and they had a Asian fellow over there. Hi Dollar, hi dollar. He kept yelling Hi Dollar And yeah, they love it. Asians like that risk, they like, they like the fucking risk man.


Because I think Asians, they don't, they're they, they just, they, they like the, they like the risk, they like the smoke. They like the smoke and they like the risk, You know? Hey, What's up? You know? Hey, I'm bitch. So yeah, dude, they fucking, yeah, Asians bro. Hey, What are you doing? Huh? I'm gambling. Hey, You know, so yeah, Asians love that shit, bro. Hey bro, put four Asians in a box. What do you got? A li people that gamble. Praise God baby.


Here we go. We got a call that came in right here, onward. Hey Theon, my name is Miles, I have a brother. Hey Miles, and thank you for calling and I'm glad that you have a brother, man. Let's hear some more. That acts really gay. How do I ask him if he's gay without piss him off? Thank you, bro. Well, I think you could do it in a gift way, You know, you could do it in a, in a gift way, like a note or something. Like a, you hide it, you put a note in a package, a little note or you know, When you write it, draw it or whatever. And it says, and it says, it says like, are you, and then it just has like two guys hugging or whatever, You know, but then he's just gonna think, he's gonna think that you, that he's just, you're just asking if he's in the Navy or whatever.


So you got, I'm trying to think of how do you do it? I think you just gotta tickle him or not until he tells you if he's gay or not. That's what my uncle would do. You just because of gay, You know? 'cause that's how you even get gay. Somebody just tickles you so damn much. Your whole spirit just kind of fucking, just spoils into just wanting to meet some guys somewhere. So I think you gotta figure it out, brother. I don't, I don't know dude, why do you, why are we even calling and asking that? I don't know. I mean, I appreciate you calling. Sorry, I shouldn't I shouldn't say that. I appreciate you calling, man. You know what? I'm sorry you're dealing with that, but I, I'm glad you care ier.


I thought my brother would try to make love to me when we were children, You know, that. And, and I'd be scared. And so at night I remember I'd put, I had me a little bag of little stack of jingle bells, You know, a couple J bells and I'd lay down at night and I'd balance some j bells on my body. And, and so if he tried to come get me, it would, you know, I it would, it would, You know it, you could, you'd set off the alarm, You know. So what else, what do I, oh, what do I want for Christmas? I am getting a book that I know I asked for. I got a, a couple vitamins.


I'm getting this mic arm maybe fixed. What else? I'm trying to maybe take a little trip to the beach or something, but I don't know yet. And yeah, I'm gonna spend Christmas in Louisiana, so I'm excited about that in Baton Rouge and Covington, Mandeville New Orleans, just around the hood. So grateful for that to see some of my friends and family. So those are things that are going on with me. Let me play a call right here. Hey, what's up Theo? I'm a huge fan.


I listen to your podcasts at work all the time. Thank you brother. Thank you for checking it out. And yeah, I feel fortunate that we get to keep doing this. My question is, I was in the military for five years and I was in Japan and I had a fiance of five years. And when I came home, I found out she cheated on me a year ago. Should I give her another chance since, I mean, I wasn't home all the time. I'd come home once a week every year, or should I just move on? Thanks gang gang. You know, I think that's a great question. I think you gotta look at the reality of it. If you're home once a week for a year, that's tough. Now she broke her word. Some people are young and at certain times they just, their word isn't really as strong because they are still putting their word together.


And I'm not justifying everybody's behavior, everybody's behavior. I'm not justifying my own behavior even. But there's definitely a different, You know, You know, you're still, you're learning some things and people say, well, you should, you're learning in your twenties. Yeah, you are. Yeah. You're learning how to be in a long distance, all that stuff. You're figuring it out. Sometimes you're afraid to hurt somebody's feelings and that's why you don't tell 'em, even though that's, it's selfish because it just hurts 'em in the longer way. But you don't know that you're, you're feeling you're figuring it out sometimes. So I think it's possible. I've had friends that have forgiven the, the loved one or significant other for sexual indiscrepancies and then they package it up and now you can hear 'em, You know, you'll invite 'em.


I won't even invite 'em over 'cause they'll be in there thumping brother. They'll be in there just slurping. So I think that's part of it. But yeah, I think, and look, you can always try it and see how it goes. But the weird thing, and I've done this where you forgive somebody, but then you keep bringing that shit up that isn't good. It feels good, but it's not cool. So that's the thing you can't do If you forgive, you have to forgive man. You have to forgive because otherwise you're just letting somebody hold. You're just, you're basically holding a card. You're saying, I'm gonna hold this card that I can use whenever I want. And that's even, that's worse than choosing to forgive or not to forgive, You know?


That's you then saying, I want this power, I want this power to control how the situation goes constantly. And I'll notice that in my own life over at certain times, sometimes I'll, I'll want to keep a, a level of communication. I want to keep a li enough distance where I can kind of, like, if I think somebody might be like, have an issue or might be upset about, instead of bringing it up and talking to 'em, getting it out. I'd rather almost, sometimes this is not the best part of me that wants to do this, but there's a part of me sometimes that would, it'd almost rather let them be unsure, You know, because it let them be unsure if our relationship is okay because it gives me some sort of power, You know?


It gives me some sort of control, perceived control in my own head. And, and that's a sick part of me that operates that way. And it's not always or anything. And it's definitely been more in the past, but I have noticed that behavior in myself at times. If I'm not doing well or not taking care of myself, I'd rather keep things on thin ice. Because, because I'm used to, I'm, that's why I do, well, You know, I'm okay on thin ice. How you going to be out here? You know, it's that kind of shit. So, but holding a grudge or yeah, holding a grudge type shit. But yeah man, I wish you the best luck. I think it's nice of you to call and ask about it, man.


And, and also we all figure things out as we go, so don't be too hard on yourself either, you know, let me hear one right here. Oh, there's a bug on this wrapping paper. That's okay.


Does BlueChew work? That's a question we all want to know. Does BLUECHEW work baby? Does it give you that Randall? Hey, got that Randall on me. Well, if you're asking that question, we want you to know that BlueChew is putting their money where their mouth is by giving you one month free. Bam Wiener. BLUECHEW is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Ali, and La Vira. Hey girl. But at a fraction of the cost and in chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up at BlueChew dot com, consult with one of their licensed medical providers, and once you're approved, you'll receive their prescription within days BlueChew. Once men rock cards baby, they told me, yep, that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. And we've got a special deal for our audience. Try BLUECHEW free. Just pay $5 shipping a checkout When you visit BlueChew dot com. Oh yeah. Oh, that's BLUECHEW dot com. To receive your first month free visit BlueChew dot com for more details and important safety information. We thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring This Past Weekend with the Yon. That's me.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Alo or Allbirds or Skims, sure you think about their great products, their cool branding and their brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the business behind the business making, selling. And for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. What I love best about Shopify is the simplicity. It's so easy. You check out, you get what you need, you check out, boom bam, and you're done Shopify. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash THE, all lowercase. That's right. Go to Shopify dot com slash Theo to upgrade your selling today. That's S-H-O-P-I-F y.com/t HEO.


You know, I just went through this on my phone and computer. I had to get it all figured out. I was paying for extra services that I didn't want. You know, they had some different annual, some of 'em were annual, some of 'em were monthly. There were things I couldn't believe I was still involved in. Rocket Money helped me figure that all out. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million and canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Wow. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash t. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Theo Rocket Money dot com slash THEO.


All right, y'all, it's holiday season. It's time for family and food, and let's be honest, a little bit of chaos. But while we're all out there making memories, let's keep it safe. Hopefully the craziest thing that happens is old Uncle Ronnie tries to show you that third eye baby. You know what I'm saying? But if things don't go as planned, like a holiday mishap that leaves you hurt or injured, well that could be worth money. And that's why Morgan and Morgan has your back. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over 100 offices nationwide, and more than 1000 lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people F-O-R-T-H-E people.com/ This Past Weekend or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's f fo r the people.com/ This Past Weekend, This Past Weekend or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


All right, let's hit take a call right here. Jesse's Girl, Tiffany, get out here. They got aliens out here. Hey, quit. Hey, bring out a couple, man. Warm up the manacotti. They got fucking aliens Out here. Aliens. You think a alien is gonna come to America on a fucking drone or whatever, on some bitch ass Toyota Drone or something. Them bitches got. It's basically a ceiling fan that's in the fucking air with a couple Christmas lights on it.


Look at these aliens, bro. Aliens are doing alien. They blink their eyes and your fucking asshole's missing. They're, they're, they're doing, they're on another level. You think they're out here just, just running around, just on, you know, 97 Octane over here, just p just peeking in neighborhoods and shit over here, looking at a bunch of above ground swimming pools, just watching people, just singing Bruce Springsteen and aboveground swimming pools over there outside of Trenton or whatever. Get frack, Stringing up these Lights.


Anyway, onward. Hey, Theo, I've been going through a little bit of a rough patch. Lost my job, lost my house about a year after getting a divorce. Okay, rough patch. Lost your job and your home, man. I'm sorry to hear that. And it's been about a year since your divorce. So I'm fighting for my kid right now. Things just been getting easier, man. I'm Not, you're in a court battle for your child, you're saying, and things aren't getting easier. And I wrote since I just need to figure out how to be a person again, been through rehab three times last time since be sick. I'm pretty good. So there's that.


But man, why does it seem like everybody gets to be happy? But me? I'm just at a loss with it, man. I've worked hard my whole life, just keep going and going and everything just keeps slipping and slipping and I just, I don't know what to do anymore, man. Things are just getting way out of control for what I can handle. Hey man, brother, I appreciate you reaching out and just saying, Hey, seeing what's going on. Yeah, dude, I definitely, You know, God, I've felt down in the dumps. I think everybody has at some point, You know, and yeah, when the chips keep falling the other way, You know, when the Asian guy keeps winning all the gambling stuff, man, full house B Yeah, man, I, You know, I'll tell you a couple things, man.


This is that I've had noticed in myself. So there was times, there was times when I only noticed the rough shit in my, in my life. I only noticed it. I'm not saying this happened to you, but that self pity became my alcohol. Anytime I needed this, I'd feel sorry for myself. Well, let me open up another can of, I feel sorry for myself. I'm not saying this is what you're doing at all. This just reminded me of this for myself. And I mean that wholeheartedly, bro. I would just slurp a six pack of self-pity. That was my drug. This is wrong. I can't not, you know, and once when that hit me, I was like, oh shit man.


I'm, you know, I'm, I'm washing myself in bath water. I'm ge, I'm doing the thing I'm supposed to do to take care of myself. I'm cl getting this stuff off of me and outta my system, but then I'm, I got a straw in my own bath water. And I was sitting there just lizz open on my own sadness all the time. Now, I'm not saying that's what you're doing, but I noticed for myself that my, that self pity became a drug for me. What else? Man, lemme think of something else. You know? That's A lot, man. 'cause A lot of what you're saying has real, like, emotional attachment to it. You're trying to get your kids, you outta your house, You know, you're, that's A lot of upheaval.


And I think some of that probably just takes time, You know? But yeah, I'm sorry man. That's also A lot. That's A lot. And so I think just give yourself some grace to be, You know, to not also put the pressure on yourself to feel great. You know, it's A lot of tough stuff going on. You know, the other day I was upset about something and I wanted to call and just fucking rearrange the tits on somebody. I wanted to switch them bitches, put the FM one on the am dial and vice versa. I was just pissed at this lady. But instead, I just sat in my car for a little bit.


I breathed, that's why God gave me this big note. And he's like, breathe, motherfucker. What are you doing? You out here just fucking, just taking chances, bitch. I told, I'm showing you, You know, do a eight ball of air B, we'd need, You know, G up. And I had me a couple Charleston shoes there. I found out my car door and I ate them bitches. And oh, and then I just went to a AA meeting. And after that, after that, I even called my brother. I said, Hey man, I can't, I'm about to lose, You know, if I call this person right now, I'm gonna lose my mind. He said, well wait till, wait till later.


Because I was attaching all this other shit to how to my day. I was attaching all this old, these feelings and stuff to my day, to that next thing. I would bring in a whole trailer full of bullshit. And I was gonna hitch it to this one moment about the way things had gone down with this, this woman, this, it wasn't like a dating, it was a work, work thing, but it was all me. It was all my shit, You know, that I was bringing extra to what would've just, and then when I finally was chill later on, it was a normal conversation and it was actually positive.


So it could be positive. I don't know what I'm telling you, man. I'm just telling you. I'm just, yeah, man, I'm sorry that you're dealing with that. And it's a tough time of year, and it's the holidays and, but you're not alone, man. You know, we're only alone. When we find ourselves alone, we gotta remember to get out there too. Nobody's gonna come and just help us be on alone. We have to do it, You know? And they say that old saying, you know, nothing changes if nothing changes. You know? So if I want something to be different, I have to do something different. And I'm not preaching at you. If I'm listening, I'm, I'm, I'm basically just talking to myself. Right on.


But, but yeah man, I love you and keep your head up. And next year will be a different year. You know, next year will be a different year. And don't leave before the miracle happens. You know that saying, that's what they say. But Merry Christmas. Thank you for being a support supporter of this podcast. Thank you for letting me be a part of your life. I'm gonna make some New Year's resolutions. Something nothing too heavy, just some things like some goals for the new year, You know, we want to do more ways to give back. And I'm excited about that. We're finally putting a foundation together, so that's really exciting. And so we're gonna be able to find ways to do that.


And what else? I think to just learn more from people that can help us learn. You know? I wanna learn more and get more information and learn more about myself too, You know, and, and try not to do everything by myself. You know, that's one of my things I struggle with sometimes is I just, I wanna do it all alone. But the saddest thing I realized, When you do everything alone after it's done, you, there's nobody to talk to about it. There's nobody to share it with. There's no, You know, but anyway, not trying to end on a doer note.


Oh yeah, we went out Christmas, Carolyn the other day, You know, I'd been wanting to get out and do it. And it was just some guys from the gym. We put a little squad together and went out there and hit the streets. And we had a couple bangers, a couple songs we, we had to give up in, just in the middle of it. There was one church group that was having a dinner. They invited us in for some cookies and select meats and stuff. And it was good, man. It was, we did a good job. We did a good job out there. We just put some songs together and just walked the streets and just went up to people's doors and knocked and yeah, people were happy.


They had, somebody had a dog that saw us as well. And so people and animals were really enjoying it. And one, when Alzheimer's saw us, and then, I don't know if she saw us or not, fuck it. We was there, but we enjoyed it, man. And anyway, I just wanna wish everybody a, a merry Christmas. You guys take care of each other. Take care of your loved ones. Sorry if I sound preached, I feel really preachy. I don't mean to, I gotta go do some work after this, and that's okay. You know, sometimes I struggle with, Like, I'll get up and I, and it'll be Like, I have to do that.


I have to do this instead of like, You know, I get to do this. People say that all the time, but it's Like, I really have to take that moment more and try to see, look at my own perspective. Like, this is life. You know? This is life and you get to do it. And so how do I want to feel about it? Right? Yeah. And that's something I gotta, I, how do I, how do I want feel about it? And sometimes I'll still choose. I want, I want feel pissed about it. I wanna feel bad about it, You know? And then it's like, well, why, why do I want to feel that way? I wanna feel bad about it. I wanna feel pissed about it because then it's really just me advertising.


I want you to feel how I feel, right? That's kind of what it is. There's something inside of me that I want you to feel, You know, it's like, oh, it's not fair that I have to feel bad. You should feel so I'm gonna bring that energy outta myself. And I think more often than not, if I can try to get a little bit more around, like, well, let me find a good part of me. Let me find a part of me that's hopeful, that's grateful, that has a, that's that fighting chance. Lemme find that part of me inside of me and bring that part to the front of me. 'cause that's also a part of me, that, that's just as, just as the part of me is that wants you to see like, the part, that part of me that that has pain.


There's a part of me that has pride, You know? And that has hope. And that is a part of me too, that I sometimes, I don't summon that part of me enough to the front of myself. And I'm not, there's no judgment in that. I'm just kind of thinking and realizing it. Like, I almost wanna bring sometimes a little bit of a victimhood. I don dunno if it's a victim, but I want, I just, I want somebody to recognize, you know, something, You know, I want, You know, but, but there's also a part of me that's Like, I got this.


You know, I can do this. You know, I'm okay. I can handle this. I love myself. I love some someone. I love someone. So these are my hopes, these are my dreams. Let me walk out into the world with that. Let me bring that, let that be the mirror that people see when they come up to me. And then I'll probably get more reflection outta the world than I would like, than when I show up the other way. But anyway, man, I love you guys and just thank you for coming out to the shows this year and being so supportive. And yeah.


And be good to yourselves, man. You guys deserve it. Let's go out on one. This is also, these are all from epidemic sounds is where we get our music from. And you can listen to these bangers in there. And this is the Christmas spirit by the snowy hill singers. And you guys be good to yourselves. What a fun year. I think we tried to have, You know? And I just pray that we can have a good one next year too. You know, we got this baby. Praise God, baby gang.


I hate that shit. Lemme give one more. That was an antithesis of what I just said. Why idiot. Sorry, dude. All right, let's hear this one. Guys love y'all. Oh yeah, baby, turn him lights off, baby. Turn 'em on. Actually, I gotta find my shoes. Yeah. Oh God, boy. Oh yeah. Lemme put some lotion on your legs. Big daddy.


I remember this old guy in our neighborhood would let us lotion his legs up, or his son would let him, his this old, this man would let us lotion up his dad's legs. His dad had been in, in the war, I think, or in a fire or something. And he would let us put the lotion on him when we were young. This reminds me of that. All right, that ain't it either. Jesus Christ, that's sad. Let's see, one more that we got here.


Let's try this one. Oh yeah, it, what's up? Not much dog. I want to go gambling. I gamble. I gamble. Ah, Hawaii five. Oh, Merry Christmas, everybody. This is the peaceful Christmas Waltz by Von Meyer.


Von Meyer, A relative of mine in a special, this sounds like somebody kind of dancing their way up to heaven Just On the different stairs. And that may be my buddy Donnie Ader Big. I like to say peace and blessing to my buddy Donnie Ader. He's headed to heaven and he sold a big rig truck and tractor supplies of it air on the Louisiana border, baby.


God bless you, brother. Merry Christmas everyone. Gang.