
I wanna let you know about some new tour dates. I will be in Nashville, Tennessee on May 3rd at the Bridgestone Arena. You can get your tickets starting Wednesday, January 8th at 10:00 AM Local time with presale code Rat King. We also have tickets remaining in East Lansing, Eugene, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station. Belton, Texas, San Antonio, Oxford, Fayetteville, Tuscaloosa, Tallahassee, Winnipeg and Calgary, Alberta in the Canada. Get all your tickets@theoon.com slash TO Uur.


Make sure to make sure to go through that site, and thank you so much for your support. That'll still be the return of the Rat tour. Today's guest is an entertainer out of the Boston and New England areas of America. And I got to see her backstage the other night when she was performing standup here in Nashville, Tennessee. She got her start with Bar Stool Sports, and I've been a fan, and I'm looking forward to get to learn more about her. Today's guest is Miss Grace O'Malley.


I've got, I've got three younger sisters. Y'all do. But I'm the, I'm the milk man's because I'm a redhead. You Had Hadda milk, man. I'm the milk man's. Oh, the milk Man's kid. Yeah. My mom's a whore. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, damn. I wish, I wish, Huh? That looks good. Yeah. Thanks. I wish my mom would've gotten laid more, I think. Yeah. Oh yeah. I think she was a, I don't know if she was making love to maybe this auto mechanic one time. I don't know. He would always come around and look around at us. Mm. Looking at Lot of undercarriage. Yeah. I think, yeah. He was just, I don't know what he was doing. He might not even have been a mechanic. I mean, it was an Our Town, it was like, it, you were greasy enough and kind of, you know, people would do mechanicing in their yard, you know, type of thing where like, come drop the car off in my house.


And people would do a lot of like, at home mechanicing type stuff. Like tag your it. You've got the car now? No, just like, it was like, like people didn't have to have a real shop to be a mechanic. Oh, gotcha. All right. Cool. Cool. You know, so people could just do it at home. Oh. I never come empty handed to anything, but I've been in limbo all day, so this is the best I could do. I heard you're on again, off again. Quitting. Damn. You brought me this air bar. I heard sometimes you quit, sometimes you're not. Yeah. But mostly you're trying to quit, So I feel like an ass, but No, it's, don't wanna come Empty handed. It's very sweet of you. This is very, yeah. It's almost like the first Thanksgiving or whatever, you know, whenever they did that.


Yeah. So that's Very nice. Yeah. And I've actually been doing good about quitting. I think the tough part is the, the worst thing about quitting is that you have to, every day you're like, I'm gonna quit. And then you don't, and then you, you, you set yourself up for failure. Yeah. It's, it, it is a commitment that I just, I don't have the willpower to do. Yeah. Have you tried it or No? I Was supposed to start try January yesterday, and I just didn't. Yeah. I couldn't, I didn't have the willpower. Yeah. I wanted to stop this going on. So we're gonna try again today. You got it. Yeah. Yeah. It's another day. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. January's a lot of pressure, you know, it's a lot of pressure at the beginning of the year to get it all right. Yeah. But for what though? Like, we're just new all of a sudden.


We're just gonna flip it off. Well, I think that's kind of the goal. I think that's the goal. It just feels kind of tough, you know? Yeah. It's a lot of pressure. It is a lot of pressure. Dude. God being alive is just, damn, it's a lot sometimes, you know, it just feels like a lot. Grace O'Malley, thanks for coming in today. Thanks for Having me. I'm super pumped. I, I tried to play it really cool the other day, but I am a very big fan. Oh, thanks. Very big fan. So this Is very sick. Yeah. I'm, I'm a big fan of yours too. You always just seem like a, just like such a human. I, I'm, I mean, why not? Yeah. What's like, I don't know what's wrong with half of these people? Everyone's kind of fucking outta control. Yeah. Things Are, huh? Little fish. I think. Well, I think if people get into like, the spotlight or get like, popularity, popularity, ego, all that stuff is super dangerous, you know?


Yeah. And you don't realize it sometimes. Like you can be getting infected by it or that, like, or suddenly you'll try to super manage how you're perceived, which some of that's normal 'cause you wanna protect yourself. But I think all of that's just, it's scary. Yeah. I mean it, like, you just gotta, you gotta say you've, you gotta be yourself. Yeah. That's what it's, you just gotta be yourself. But if you yourself has been asshole, then maybe you should change. Oh Yeah. If Yourself's an asshole, bro. Yeah. 'cause they got people out there now that are got not even gay, that are being gay. They have all types of people, like fake Native Americans. Like they're, every week they're busting like one of these politicians for saying they were Honduran or so, you know, just a lot of bullshit.


I know. I wish I had the 23 and me to claim one of those things. 'cause I feel like if you can claim it, you can say it. Yeah. There's a lot of words. You haven't got it done. I can't say. Yeah. That I would love to claim to be able to say, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think if you seem like, 'cause what are you are? I am a Mik. Okay. So I, I'm Irish. You're Irish, but pretty, pretty Inbredded. Yeah. Okay. Nope. No. Yeah. No judgment from me or I, yeah. I, I think, yeah. Irish shirt. Some people are really fucking Irish. Have you seen that video of that baby? He's like breastfeeding and he orders another tit or whatever. Oh my God. That, no, I haven't seen that. But that's classic. It's the most Irish shit of it. That's about Pretty much the way I was about, he Like orders around for everybody in the room or something.


It's some, they're breastfeeding like a family thing or whatever, like a birthday or whatever. One of my worst jokes I ever wrote was like, one of my first ones was that I'm so Irish that I was breastfed Guinness. Yeah. Stupid. Yeah. That's, But it, it is what? It's, It's, yeah. It's a rough one. Kind of. I told some rough Oh, oh my, one of my first jokes was like, oh, I need a job, a blow job. That Was it. That's classic though. Come on. It was pretty bad. Thanks. At least we have each other. Right? It was pretty bad. I was still up, so Yeah. I stopped by the comedy club the other night. And you were doing standup. How long, so how long have you been doing standup? Just so, 'cause some of my audience won't know you, So I, you're a podcaster and a comedian. Yes.


Yeah. Okay. And how long have you been doing standup? I, So I moved to New York in 2020. I was doing it like here and there on like the streets. 'cause you Had Hadda do it like, outside at the time. And I was Oh, 'cause of Covid. 'cause of Covid. Yeah. Yeah. And So I did like on and off here and there, but started taking it serious around January of this last Year. Okay. Of 2024. 2024. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And so what did that mean, taking this years, like just getting up more, like getting into like the circuits or what just Yeah, it's like an oxymoron saying, taking it serious. 'cause it's comedy, but just like going up as much as I could, like networking, I guess. And putting myself out there kind of thing. So I haveve been going up as much as I could.


And Whitney Cumings ended up taking me on the road with her. Oh. Waiting for my, oh, Whitney taking the road With her, taking in My apologies. Whitney. Whitney did. Yeah, she did. Oh yeah. That's awesome. Which Was sick. Yeah. So she put the fire under my ash. She came on, I used, I used to have a podcast. She's no longer, but she came on as a guest and she was like, I, I fuck with you. Like you should, you should open for me. And I'm like, you don't want it, you don't want, you don't want that. And she was like, no, just, just do it. Just say yes and it'll, it'll all follow. So she put the fire under my ass and I just grinded. Wow. And so you were just all, now, was it like you were overnight suddenly on stage having to do a lot of time or? No. So she, she gave me 15, which turned into 20.


And she just kept a, I guess I was doing something right. 'cause she kept adding me to more cities. Yeah. So I was like, all right. So I guess I'm doing pretty good. Yeah. That was nice. I, so you're from originally from where at? I'm from Boston, but like outside of Boston. Okay. Yeah. And do people from outside of Boston look differently at people than inside of Boston? Oh, culturally, probably. There was, there was this thing in the seventies called busing where they brought African American children into the city. And For schooling and stuff. For Schooling, yeah. Okay. So, so I, some people didn't like that. So those people, they left. And that is unfortunately where I come from.


That's just, oh, that's for your family. Yeah. You were birthed outta those people. Yeah. Yeah. I, those were those guys. People make their choices, you know? They have, yeah, they have. Yeah. 'cause Boston's interesting. They got a lot of racism up there, you know. Yeah. But it's, you know, it's not as loud right as it is down here. So it's, Yeah. In the south it's more, the south has more of that kind of slave magic history, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We, we just have just little innuendos of bad history and bad, bad things we did, I guess. Yeah. So, yeah. It's still up there though, for sure. It, yeah. It depends on what side you're on, but yeah. You should just meet My dad. Really? Yeah. You know, You'll see it there. Is he a fireman or No? No. He wanted to be a police officer. Ended up being an electrician, but he fucked that up too.


What? Doing electricity? Yeah. He, he got electrocuted. Oh, he did? Yeah. On the job. And, Oh, yeah. He said he saw God, he started, he started to be a believer and Tyler Childers walked him into heaven. Tyler died. Tyler, Tyler Childers. Yes. Childers. Yes. The musician. The Musician. Wow. Walked him into the, the pearly gates. So that's my father. Wow. You almost gotta believe him. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah. I mean, that's real. But like, that guy's still alive, So I don't know. Yeah. I don't what that illusion was with him. That's True. Not Really sure. Yeah. Well, I would a guy who's not even dead come and help you. That's nice of him. It is really sweet. But that makes me, I was like, oh, let's Pretend. Yeah. That's when it got a little fictional. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, you were having a bad dream and then you woke up and you were blasted.


Yeah. Dude, being electrocuted, it's kind of under, it's not a, it's a, it doesn't get as much credit as it deserves. Really. I got got once by electricity, little Fork in the outlet action. No, when I was at a fair or something, I was, we used to go to the carnival down the street from our home or whatever, and they had, they would let you ride the rides the day before the fair opened Up. Oh, little test monkeys. Yeah. Nice. So we're out there and, and we're doing it or whatever, and they were just like plugging shit in and whatever, and ever, you know, and I would tried to get off one of the rides and I like grabbed two different railings and I think I connected some circuit or whatever.


It's always just like dish, you Know? Oh shit. You, did your friends see a skeleton? Like the cartoons? No, I don't know. My friends, they kind of ran off. They're like, oh, something's, you know, this isn't, we don't want to be involved. It's Gonna be a superhero. Yeah. This guy's not doing good. We don't want to be involved in it. Yeah. And some guy called me, I thinking a or whatever, and kicked me in the bat. Nice. And I was like, okay, he saved my life, but he still called me a, So I was like, well, you know, but that, what do you, that's what you get kind of around the carnival. But that time, and then I was walking behind a food truck that was serving crab meat or whatever, which I don't trust. That sounds really wrong too. Oh, It's, yeah. I don't trust crab meat. That's that close to like a gas tank, I think, you know. Yeah. No, that's fair. I think, I think crab meat should be fresh from the ocean.


Yeah. Like right from the ocean. I actually, when we got here this weekend, I had, I had crab legs and I'm like, what am I doing? Yeah. I shit my brain's out this whole last couple days. Oh yeah. It's horrible. Yeah. You, yeah. You're, We're in Landlock right now, right? Yeah. I've never, yeah. I don't know what I was doing. Never seen a crab anywhere around here. I've Never had money before, So I was like, yeah, get some crab legs. This is sick. You red smooth. That's Tennessee shellfish. I, yeah. That's wild. I feel fucking stupid. That's that. That's that new money shit. That's new money. Boy, That's fucking new money, dude. Yeah, let's go the Kx. This baby's getting a grill and we're getting fucking Tennessee kx.


What, what else is like a gay that I could get? I'm trying to think of shit that we got like that or that. Yeah. What was your, what was your first new money buy? Oh, I got a fucking cyber truck. Was the only thing I've ever really gotten from myself that was like expensive. Somebody was telling me about that. And they were saying that you thought that nobody would recognize you in that thing. Oh yeah. It's what I thought at first. You already much. Yeah. I didn't think it was that big of a deal. I thought everybody would have them, you know? And That's gonna make people do many double takes. Oh, it was horrible. Once at the, the car second at you. Yeah. It was horrible. Or Sorry, once at you second for the car. No, it was all horrible because, well, whenever you first got 'em, I got home. I ordered like five years ago, right?


Like, it was, because it was a hundred bucks. Oh, That's like putting it on the wishlist. Okay. Right. So for a hundred bucks you could be like, I got a cyber truck coming. It was online. This Is on layaway. Yes, it was. That's rich people layaway. Yeah. So I was like, yeah, I'm getting a cyber truck or whatever. And then I kept like bothering Elon on Twitter to where are they? You know, give them, you know, Are you guys on a, on a, on a basis of like, no talking. Okay. No, I don't know him. I was just tweeting at him and stuff, or like, you know, saying stuff like that. And then finally one day I got home, I'd been outta town for a few weeks and it was in my garage. Oh. Sick. And So I was like, holy shit, dude. And at first, when you would drive down the street, people would like, there were people cheering people at American Flags.


There were Mexican, there were Mexican people out there doing this and dancing or whatever. That's president. That was crazy. You're like, where did, I was just so happy for you. Mexican people come from, you know, ole ole ole and you were just driving. But really they had like, we are the champions. It was like gay people. People were coming outta the closet in front of you. You Had girls flashing titties. It was a lot. Yeah. It was just a lot going on, you know, and, and yeah, I did it. I thought it automatically would have extra darkness on the windows, you know? And it didn't. So for a long time I thought it was like, yeah, obviously it's, I can't, you know, I can just drive, you know, there was extra darkness.


And then, and then my buddy was like, dude, you gotta get those things tinted. I was like, oh shit man. They're not tinted. And then, so finally I did get 'em tinted. Well, Long story. What was it? Run DMC or the, or fuck, I forget who it was, but they said tinted windows don't mean nothing. They know who's inside. Really? Yeah. Fuck. So you're fucked. Ugh. And, and so was the guy who waited five years for a cyber truck just to blow it up. What a science experiment. Oh yeah. Some guys did that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Bring that up. Dude. Actually, you know what's funny? I thought about getting like a big fuse and putting it like hanging out of mine. Oh Yeah. That's a goodie. Oh, he did it for 4th of July. He did it for New Year's.


I, that's what it does look like. It does look like a spectacle. I think it was to a political point in front of Trump. Oh, in front of Trump Tower. Wow. Yeah. And I think one person did die. So it's, it's tough to find a joke there. But I mean, It was probably some Middle Easterners like getting a picture next to it. People were always like, can you get this? Can we? And you're just like, leave me alone. Just, I'm gonna blow a ledge. Yeah, Yeah. Don't come ask me. But the problem is, the horn sounds a little bit effeminate too. Does it? Yeah. The ho, if you hit the horn, like a couple gay dudes will kinda walk over to Like, oh, hi, you need something? Like, They still have prostitutes that work the streets. Do they? Yeah.


Not here. They don't have to anymore. Right. We're just some good, where are street walkers still in America? Can you pull that up please? Because I've been looking, I've told my friends before, I don't get laid much. That's just a fact about me. But I told my friends, just surprise me with a hooker one day. And don't tell me it's a hooker. A male hooker. A male hooker. They exist. I'm not sure. I think that they, yeah, definitely. I mean, there's like Italian guys, if that's what you're talking about. Gross. But I dunno what you're looking at overall. Nevada has the largest commercial sex market in the United States when adjusted for population. Okay. Okay. Number of prostituted people. Nevada has more than twice as many prostituted people per capita as California.


And 63% more than New York. Alright. Hmm. So they still have brothels there. Alright, So I'm moving to, I'm moving to Nevada. Might to go to Nevada to get it. Yeah, there we go. Yeah. I wonder what would that be Like for a Oh Right, for a woman. 'cause I've gotten a, a lady of the night or whatever they're called a mystical. Yeah. Just One time or whatever I, what they call them. Yeah. A mystical Puss. Yeah. I got one in Amsterdam, right. Where people go get 'em. Oh Yeah, yeah. That's where you, that's like the prize. That's Mecca. Yeah. The red like Yeah, the Mecca Mecca of Horse. It is. It's like the istan bowl of like, you know, midnight coer or whatever, you know. And So I went there and, oh, here was the funny part. My buddy and I, both of us like sn like acted like we weren't gonna go there.


So we both like, went off by ourselves. Oh. We went to two separate rooms, like, alright man. Yeah. Night bud. And then saw each other there and were like, That's tough. That's why you just have to embrace it and then just do a force up or something. But here was the sad part of it. You go in there and it seems like it's very alluring in the, the, the mirage of it is very compelling. But you go in there and right when you go in their door, 'cause they're standing out there and there's kind of some red lights inside of the room. You go in there in the main door and there's like a bouncer guy right there. Yeah. And he's very, you know, tough guy. And he says something real tough or something. And then you kind of go like that. And then you go into the room and it's very much like a doctor's room that like, everything's kind of like covered in like paper or class.


Oh, it feels like Classy. It feels like it feels very clinical. Clinical, okay. So it's routine. It's like an appointment. Right? That's what it starts. You feel like. So the magic of like any like, you know, romance or whatever is called where you're Looking for lust and love. I don't, I think everybody probably, probably You looking for just like a wet Willie? No, I'm one of those guys who like would leave the strip club and be like, man, I think I, you know, I think there's a chance we're gonna get her off the stage. You're Gonna give up a pep talk next time you go in. Like, hey, ain a bell magic. They could Put you in community college, babe.


You know So much better than this. You could be so much more. Oh wow. That sure is something. So I think it's very hard. Like, I can't get an erection, like around broken glass or I can't get an erection. I'm realizing around like some environments like that, that are so clinical. Have you ever spent a night in jail? Yeah. So That's like exactly that. How could you get Right. How could you get off? That feels like jail. Yeah. With just a little silk. Yeah. That's Kind of crazy. Yeah. It's a slightly silky jail. Silky jail. I would go to silky jail. Smooth jail. Do you have a mugshot? I don't know if I'm a mugshot. That's a great, that's a great question. If I do it's in Mississippi or Louisiana.


I'll have to check. That's a good thing to look up for. That would be sick Merch. Wow. Me? Or by any Day of the week. That is that supposed to be you? Damn my god. I'm sorry. Say something like that. Those are me. And then this one's just literally your, your headshot, not a mugshot. Wow. Yeah. That is a headshot. Go back up to the second one. Oh, you're a tiny baby boy in that, in that blue shirt. One. Very young, very impressionable. There I am. Yeah. What did I do? Oh, it was, it was kitty porn. Oh No. Yeah. Kitty vids. Yeah.


K-I-T-T-Y. Oh. So it is meow. Yeah. All right. No problem. What about you? You've been in No, I'm dying to though because I, I would like, I would like to a mugshot. I could see you in there. I would, Yeah. It would be good. I think I'd run that thing like a, like a McDonald's. I'd see you in there keeping stuff in your bra. Yeah. And like it, they come to me and they, they gotta ask like, oh, do you, do you want red dye number two? Yeah. You want some lipstick? Because that's what the girls do in there. They, they go crazy. Yeah. You wanna watch 'em? McCall it off. You Want me to thread your eyebrows with some, with some, I don't know what they use. Yeah. You want me to hide? But I'll find out. Yeah. And I'll be the head of the market. Yeah. You want me to pull some clairol outta your or what?


Like people smuggling makeup in there or something? Yeah, I mean There's Is cla all still makeup? I Don't know what that Is. You don't? Not sure. I could pretend Claral. I thought it was a makeup company. Is it All right? Sure. Fuck it. Do you? Yeah. Like what is, yeah, well, what does love look like for you? What's your love life like? Do you have a, do you have a boyfriend or you don't have a boyfriend? I Do not have a boyfriend. I, I have, you Might have said that too. Sorry. I've never had one and I've 26. You've never had one. I know. And it's like, everyone always does that and it's like, oh, rats. Oh, like, damn. Every single time I'm like, oh, I should just let that person have that reaction. 'cause it is crazy.


It is crazy. But I have to address it. But it's also pretty special though, I think. Yeah. When I find that Mr. Special guy, it's gonna be real good because I've waited this long, I suppose. Yeah. So yeah. 26 years. Yeah. You haven't missed him, have you? Do you feel like you've missed out on some good ones or No? No. No. They don't really, they don't really flock. You'd be, you'd be totally shocked that I am not flock. I don't really scream, fuck me. Like I don't really have fuck me eyes ever. So I think I'm more of like a, a, a bro to some people. Like my way of flirting is like misogynistic. Oh. Like, kind of, yeah. Just being buddies. Yeah. Just being like, yo dude. Like, check out her tits.


Or you can check out mine if you prefer. Yeah. Kind of thing. Yeah. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. So I haven't had luck thus far, hence the male hooker. Did you have a, like a high school prom date? He is now. I Had Hadda ask him. He was a year older and he is now. She, and we don't, I have, I've Is he straight still or, and a woman? Or is he now a gay woman? I'm having a hard time picking up the pieces because we don't talk, you know those people, you just have to be like, fix the clues in and see what they're Yeah, they're all about like the little, the little clues that they put out there. Oh yeah. And then I didn't go to my senior prom. You didn't?


No, it was one of those. I'm still waiting to get picked up from my senior prom in my head. Oh yeah. Foolishly, you know, one day. Oh. But yeah dude, I could, yeah, that's definitely, I got stuck after the prom. This dude was crying and he had borrowed his, his dad had left them a long time ago and he barred his mom's business blazer and had those shoulder pads in it. Oh, Classy. Yeah, it was classy. But it was also just like a sign of the times, you know? Yeah. Of like young men being raised by single moms and having to wear their mom's business blazer to the prom. Yeah. I guess I could have had it worse. And it kind of brought, it was like, but he was bawling about something. He thought he looked like Damon Wayans or something, but some bullshit or whatever.


I don't know. He was out of his fucking mind. And I was trying to get laid, but also be nice. So I was waiting to go see my girlfriend, but it was just a nightmare. But this was your buddy? Yeah. Mm, I know. I got stuck giving him a ride after prom. Oh fuck. To this party. And he started just bawling. Damn. It's not that bad. Take the, take it off. Just wear the T-shirt. Yeah. Underneath. But he's like, everybody says, I look like Damon way and I wanna have my own life. And I was like, motherfucker, you don't look anything like David Way. Is he black? Oh no. He was kind of like tan or whatever. Like, bitch, you don't look anything like fucking David Way, dude, you're closeted on asexual. Just fucking this on. We can go to this Park. You wanted to wear that? You bought it specially. Oh, we loved it.


Yeah. Yeah. He looked not, Was he balding? Like what was the Problem? He did have a skinned head and he Had Hadda, you know, and he seemed kind of black sometimes just for fun. But he was a great guy. Dang. That's, yeah. I guess that's interesting. Sorry to, sorry to act like that about that. No, no, that's actually it is. I think it's hilarious. I don't Think, but now does it become a thing where you don't have a boyfriend? 'cause it's almost become a thing. Does that ever happen? Yeah. Like I'm, I'm like too far in now, so it's like, I don't really, I'm not looking, I don't really give a shit at this point. It's just, it is what it is. If it comes, it comes. But I would love to come one day. So. And are you saving yourself for marriage type thing? Or are you still sexually active?


No, I'm not there. Well, I would be, if I could be, if, if, if I had it coming towards me like that, oh my God, I'd be a whore. But I'm, I'm basically accidentally celibate, which is a beautiful thing. Really. You know, some women, they say, oh, it's so easy for a woman to get laid. They can have whoever they want. No, that's not true. There are some of us that are really hard times. Really? I know a lot. I feel like I could name as least five or six guys that would definitely make love to you. That I know firsthand. Oh wow. And have seen in the past two weeks, you know. Wow. And you've got some cool pals. I mean, or just, you know, like I, I, I mean 'cause yeah, I don't even, yeah. But it's like, what am I even talking about?


Is that a crazy to say to? So No, it's, no, no. It's great to hear. Actually that just gave me a little bit of a boost, dude. Yeah. Are you kidding me? Man? Know, I know some people that would definitely probably knock you up Even Hell yeah. I knew some people that Would just, that would be amazing. I was thinking about it the other night, I'm like, you know what, I'm so anti having a kid. But I guess if I had one I would have to have it because that would be my only shot. You Know? Only shot at what? Having A child. Because if there's one guy wants to bust it in, then I guess I gotta put one out. You know? It's like, it seems like a sad thing to people, but this is just my life. No grace Cats is definitely, you know, I think there's a lot of seamen heading your way.


2025. Oh my god. I can't wait to guzzle it down my man. It, it's gonna be good. My God. But like it's to, it's funny to not be a whore, but like really want to be. Yeah. That's a Great, there's something special about that. Yeah. Because most whores, they don't wanna be, they, they want, they wanna be known for something other than their hole or their box. Right. But then they're just out there slurping or whatever to feel decent. Yeah. But at least you don't have to do that, huh? Yeah, I guess. I guess. But you know, sorry. Most wide open. I'll wait for my special day. Talk about, I don't either. I'm just This, I don't have a daughter, dude. This, I don't have a fucking daughter. Dude, what do you do if your daughter is like a tramp and you're the dad? Ah. That's why you gotta start.


Do you have a talk with him? You think? Have any of your friends ever They're, they're like, damn, my dad Had Hadda talk with me. 'cause he knew I was Like Getting smashed so much or whatever. Or doing a lot of sex or whatever. I think when you start having the talk is when they develop more of a daddy problem. It is like, there's nothing you can do as a father. I feel like it's just like their decision to be what they wanna do. Oh, I suppose. I don't know. I've never been a whore yet. Yet. So we'll see. Huh. If you Had Hadda daughter, what would her name be? Probably something from that Scarlet Letter book. What are some names in that book? Something from the, you know, the days when people used to die on long ship journeys type shit.


You know what I'm Saying? Hester? That's beautiful. Hester. Maybe a Pearl. Pearl. Roger chilling with that would be one. Yeah. Maybe I can name her That I got. I only have a boy name if I were to have a boy. Yeah. What do you have? I got danger. But we call him Danny. Danger. Danger. And everybody in Boston named Danny, no matter what their name is, it becomes Danny. Yeah. It Doesn't matter. It could, yeah. Yeah. It could literally be Roger, Dan turn into Danny. Yeah. Yeah. It's, my name is, it's Roger. But they call me Danny. Yeah. But this, this kid, he has to like, when he is filling out medical forms, he has to write danger. But everybody knows him as Dan or Danny. Oh yeah. I think it's good. That's A cool name. Yeah. That's not bad.


And could get a cool job. He could be, I'm trying to think of what he could be anything. He Could be the caution sign when you move off the floor. Yeah. He could be, yeah. A a traffic guard. I feel like I'm blowing this. Am I blowing this? This conversation? Yeah. No, I feel like it too. Okay. Do you feel like I Am? No, I feel like I'm blowing this, but you're doing Great. I don't even think I, maybe I'm asking about the best stuff. I think I'm too, I think I'm too honest. Like sometimes where I just have to be like, I feel like I'm fucking this Up. No, I think it's interesting 'cause I never really, I don't think I'm not good at, like, I don't talk to women that much about sex stuff. Yeah. So I think, I never talk about sex. I was just trying my very best just there. Yeah. Thanks For trying. Yeah. I have no personal experience, Dude.


Well, on I'm like, I'm like writing a book report. A book I've never read. We're gonna Somebody come in here and just, I'll do this. You guys just figure it out. Shit. That's crazy. You know, when I was growing up, I Had Hadda job cleaning out wishing wells over there in my parish and there weren't many of them. Yeah, I agree.


You know, but I wasn't much of a worker as well. But I will say this, that wishing wells, they bring in big loot. You know, the Trevi Fountain in Rome collects over 1.5 million a year. Yep. What I'm saying is spare change really adds up. And that's why I want to introduce you to Acorns. Acorns. This episode is sponsored by them. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start investing with the money you've got right now. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that fits you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Start with just $5 a day, or even just your spare change. And here's the best parts. Sign up now in Acorns. We'll boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer only available@acorns.com slash theo. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/t. Get your $20 bonus investment. Now, paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. The hypothetical calculations are for illustrative purposes only, and are not representative of the performance of any Acorns portfolio and should not be used to predict the investment results of any customer. Acorns Advisors LLC is an SEC registered investment advisor. View. Important disclosures@acorns.com slash t.


Even if you think it's a bit over hyped, a AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming fast. But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs? Spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thompson, rooters, and Suno ai. Right now Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash t. That's Oracle dot com slash theo.


I don't even know what to ask about. Hey, how was your holiday? Yeah, it's good. It was okay. I got a fever or something, you know, and So I was like, everything was miserable, kind of. Yeah. I feel that I, I Had Hadda ear blowout. I, I can't hear out of this one. Really? Yeah. Like at all. And What occurred? What, what were you, were you guys out on the water? I was on an airplane and like three weeks ago it just, just blew. And this is just a nightmare. I've never had it. I, I can't hear. Yeah. It's pretty brutal. But other than that, pretty classic of a holiday. Good stuff. You spend time with your family? I did, yeah. Nice. Are your parents still married? They Shouldn't be. They can't afford the divorce. They looked into it and so I'm just working really hard this year so they can get there.


Dude, that's such a great thing. If at the end of the year you actually have a big divorce for them, I think they'll be stoked. Oh yeah. It'd be really good. And they still live outside of Boston. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah. And so you have, so just so my listeners know, so you, I know you through, 'cause we had Brianna Chicken Frow and you guys Had Hadda podcast together. Yes. Yeah. And it's called Plan Bri Uncut Plan Bri Uncut. Yes. And you guys don't have it anymore? It's no longer. It's no longer. Yes. And so you guys and you guys had been friends for a long time. Yeah, We were, we were friends forever. Okay. Like, since we were like in fifth grade. Oh, wow. Kid friends. Yeah. Oh, That's Cute. Since we were little baby children.


That's sweet. That's sweet. That is sweet. And, and are, have you guys kept a good friendship after? I know that, I know that there's been like, I'm not trying to get into like the tumultuousness of things or whatever, but how is, how does that stand today? Because it must be tough to like have a business with a friend. Yeah, I was just, I've always just like in 2020 she got the job at Barstool and like Had Hadda move to New York for it. And I was taking a semester off from college and she was like, do you wanna come with me? And I was like, yeah, fuck it, why not? And so like I door dashed on foot when we got there and stuff. And like, she slowly but surely like was trying to get me a job at Barstool and so Oh Really? So really hustling for you? Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. So she like really like, like stuck her neck out for me and like, we ended up doing the podcast together after like a year of living there.


And it was just so much fun. We Had Hadda blast. It was always fun doing it. Yeah. A lot of y'all's clips are so great, Dude. We would just shoot the shit. Good banter. But you know, we just, I think we're just going through a rough patch right now and we'll I think one day, we'll we're gonna figure it out. Yeah. But she's doing her thing. I'm doing my thing and I, I still love her so I'm being a politician right now. How you feel? Trying my best. Well, you know what's interesting is I've had times where I was like, I was going through moments with friends and stuff, you know, and Yeah. And most of them evened out over time. Yeah. But the toughest part about it, like was in the mo like the times where we weren't getting along where, or we were having differences that I didn't have my friend at times.


That was really the shittiest part. Yeah. It was like, even though I would have like a leg to stand on about why I was upset about stuff, sometimes it would, I'd be like, I'd be like, man, fuck Scott, dude, I gotta call Scott right now and tell him. Yeah. Right. It's like I couldn't even call my friend. I'm So fucking fired off I wanted And then you get done with the conversation like, ah, dude, you know, who would really help me out with this? Exactly who I'm talking about. It's fucking brutal. It's tough. That was kind of the worst part sometimes was just hitting that type of moment where like, oh man. Because it's hard to kind of have good friends, you know? Yeah. Do you steal a pals from growing up? Oh yeah. Yeah. I got some good pals from growing up. So, and then I've made more over the years, kind of like, people go through things. A lot of friends get married and stuff.


And since I'm not married you kind of fall into this weird place where you just become like you're just friends with, with whoever's not married. Yeah. That's kind of fucked up. Yeah. That, when does that start happening? I would say probably in your thirties. It starts getting where like, well I guess it depends on where you're from. Like where I'm from Louisiana, people get married early. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And so you lose a couple guys right outta the gate and right after they get married their hair falls out immediately. I don't know why. Bastards. Well, at least they locked it in beforehand. That's True. Yeah. So, and maybe some of those guys know their hair's about to fall out. Yeah. They have an idea. They're like, oh, I'm gonna lock it in. We're gonna get that. Gotta hop on Top of that. Their bald dad is just having a conversation With them. Hey buddy ads, it's time to get that ring and put the knee down.


You're like, dad, I'm only 15 though. They always had that one kid that went bald way early, you know, and people using to buy alcohol, they're like, yes. What do you mean he can't buy liquor and be like, he's only to like, he's bald. Dammit. That's, he just took the foot out his 401k. He's fine. That's wrong. Yeah, He's bald. Like he rode here on his bicycle. It you think a fucking child is bald? Dammit. So he's a DUI, he already bought the booze, that's why he is on the bike. He's selling the lick at dam. So yeah. But I, yeah, I, I still have to good friends from when I was growing up, I think. Yeah. And then I met, you know, it's been like, I think like since I work in business where I kind of travel around and stuff, you meet a lot more people probably than you do if you just stay in one, in a live in one town.


Yeah. I I do think everyone should get outta their town at some point. Oh yeah. 'cause like you, you don't know what you're missing if you don't. Yeah. Like I've, I, I thought everybody was Catholic growing up. I never knew any Jewish people. I never knew anyone who was different and I didn't find out till my junior year of high school that there's other religions. Oh yeah. That's pretty retarded. Yeah. And you guys are so Catholic is the one With the Priests. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The one where they're playing freeze tag with the kids, but they didn't tell the kids And that's, that's where I thought I could get some, but Oh really? They Only liked the boys. Oh yeah. I've been trying every angle for years. Did you do anything you put eye black on or anything? I guess I could have shaved my head, but they see right through that with the tit, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it must be horrible when a priestess tits.


He's like, oh, Oh Fuck. Good day, sir. You shall not be blessed. I dunno what they say. Oh, what are we talking about? Fuck. Yeah. I never been, I'm trying to think if I ever been Catholic or not. I might have been. We were, oh, we were Presbyterian for a while. I know. And then my mom got in a fight with somebody outside of the church once and so then we, I think we were, I think we're Methodist or sixth Methodist or something. I don't know how many there are. I gotta ask my mom. Is That like Mormon shit? No, it's just like, you don't drive far to the church, wherever that one is. Okay. Yeah, Sure. Like the closest church or whatever. God, the lemonade stand church.


It was very, yeah. Yeah. It was, yeah. It was like, okay, this is it, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like that kind of, yeah. But, okay, so now, so you ended up in New York? Yeah. Yeah. Was that your first time you had lived in New York when you went there with Brianna? Yes. Yeah. Wow. So I've been there for like four years. And Do you feel like you're fitting in there now? Or is it, is it great? Well, now with, with standup, I'm like, I'm like, oh, finally I love New York. Like I did, I needed like, my thing and I, I finally found my thing. Oh yeah. And so I've been, I've been loving that and I was just too scared to do it. I was just being such a pussy about To get up on stage. To get up on Stage. Yeah. And like, even give it a whirl, like open mics and shit. I just wouldn't, but Yeah.


'cause you're so endearing. I mean, one of the things that I, that I always admire about you is just you being you. Is it, it's like immensely charming to like a, like, it's like you can't help, but not like, wanna follow along with your world. It feels like, you know? Yeah. Oh, that's, that's really sweet. Thank You. Yeah, it's a, it's whole. It's, it's great. I, I've, I try to be like, like just myself and like open and honest, but my problem is I do this accent and it comes out only sometimes. Yeah. So I've got like this Boston accent, but it's, sometimes it's on, sometimes it's off. So people are like, you're doing a fake accent.


Like, I don't even know I'm doing it. Right. So I don't know who I am. Oh Yeah. It's kind of crazy. If you don't know who you are, then you're, you're a comedian. Then most comedians don't know who they are because that's why they're putting on a show. They're some of the show, they're over time, they're trying to figure out who they are. Yeah. You know, they're trying to manage this presentation that they put to the world, you know? I think 'cause like when they were young, maybe whoever they were didn't feel comfortable or whatever in the world, so they started making this them. Yeah. And anyway, that's a little bit meta, I think, but, well what Was the, did you ever, like, there was ever a point in your life where you were like, oh my God, I I wanna be a performer? Lemme think about it.


I liked, I liked when people laughed. I didn't, I didn't know. I didn't, I think I didn't, I never really trusted people that much, but I knew if they were laughing that they couldn't not like me. Yeah. Like, I feel like it would be impossible to hate somebody and laugh at the same time. Kind of. Yeah. Because You can't, you can't fake A laugh. Right. You, you can, but you, but if you're tell, but I would know. Yeah. It, I know a genuine laugh and I, I know a fake laugh. Yeah. And if you're just gonna fucking hate me and be a dick, then you're not gonna laugh in general. And then I I could wean you out. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. Yeah. So I think there was something like that for me probably.


Do you think you kind of had that comedian thing like that, you know, that you wanted to be a comedian? Or do you think that you just wanted to be a performer? Did you kind of know what it was like where you wanted to end up? And do you still know? I've, I've always wanted to do standup. I just didn't think I could, I didn't think it was an option. And I, there's a part of me that like wishes that, and this is I guess serious, but there's a part of me that wishes I was able to get into standup before anything else because I, I just want to be, I don't want people to think I'm just like doing it for shits and gigs to have like this other other thing. It's like, that's what my main focus is. And that's what like, I love it just so happened that one came before the other Yeah.


Kind of thing. And like, I wish I like, I don't know. Got like, got more, more of the reps in before people started knowing you coming Yeah. Right. Come and coming to see you, which I Appreciate people coming and see you. Of course. But like, I, I really wanted to get, get it right. Yeah. Like, I, I didn't even want you to stay the other night. I was like, oh, for the set. Like one day, one day. You can see it. Not yet, it's not there yet. But you know, it's, it's good enough to buy tickets, but it's not there yet for you. No, no shot. Oh. It was just cool to see you and your friends in the green room. That was dope, dude. And just like to see like, just, I wanted to like, kind of see what your energy was about going up on stage and, and the room was buzzing, man. People were so excited. Yeah. I think especially with podcasts and stuff, I noticed this.


I've sat in the audience and watched some of my friends who are podcasters as well. Yeah. And you just want to kind of listen and be there in the room with them. You're like, I just, that's my person or that's my friend, whatever it is. I fuck with them. I just want to be in the room while they're doing whatever. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, and I've done the, the podcast touring. That shit is so easy. Oh, you mean being on stage with just as your podcast? Yeah. Oh, I never done that. It's so easy. You just, it's like you have segments. You do the same thing every night. You, like, you can switch around with jokes depending on the crowd, but compared to standup, like it's a walk at the park. It's like you're, I, it feels like stealing, you're stealing money from, from fans that adore you.


It's like, it's not fair. What? But I never made any money off of it. Really? Barstool took it all Yeah. Off your tour. Yeah. No way. Yeah, we had, we had some, we had, I had an interesting contract. Yeah. But I loved them so much. Are you still working with Barstool? I actually just recently left. Okay. So when you leave, so if you leave, that means, do you still have your rights to, I didn't make anything when I was there. Half your podcast. But you Had Hadda country, you got paid something annually. Yeah, So I, I got, I Had Hadda salary. Okay. And that was, that was kind of it. And So I had the option to leave and I, I took it. Was it a good salary? It was decent.


It wasn't equated to, Was it like $500,000? No, nothing close to that. No. My, my, my buddy was making a little bit more, a lot of, bit more, a whole shit ton more. Okay. So there was discrepancy in power. There was, but she Was doing another podcast and whatnot. Oh, That's right. So she was bringing a baby, different client, different fans from that also. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. So it's all, it's all Relative. Yeah. And also some of that stuff is as much as it, like, it's like, it's live and learn. Sometimes I Also didn't care. I was just happy to be there. Right. Like, I was like literally just, I, I was stoked to just have the job. Yeah. So I was, I, one point I was working for free selling t-shirts, just paying for my own flights.


Oh yeah. So yeah. It was crazy. I was like, yo, I'm just like really happy to be here. Yeah. Do it any way I can. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's about to grind. Oh yeah. And I, you know what? I think no matter what, and no matter what you get involved in, you have to go through that p you have to go through periods of that, you know? Yeah. And even with standup, you can't escape that. It's like, you just have to, you know, get it on stage. We all, you know, it's like, we all learn it. I still learn it every time I'm take some weeks off and go back on stage. It's like, God, this feels new and scary. Yeah. And My balls just hide inside of me. It's, I did, that's the new thing I'm learning, is because I haven't taken time off this whole year. And with Christmas, I took like two weeks off and I, I fucked myself big time. I was like, Jesus Christ, this is bad.


This is bad news. Bitch. Those, those shows, I don't know. They were fine, but they weren't great. I'll tell you that. It was tough. What, what do you have like a close or like, do you have it set up? Like, are you telling stories? Are you telling 'em more jokes? Like what's your set? Like right now, I'm kind of all over the place. I'm trying to find my, I'm trying to find my thing. I'm doing half jokes, half punches. The punches are corny. Oh. Some of the punches to the jokes are corny. I Don't, yeah. I don't know if you can tell, but I hate my entire set at the moment. I really think it could be a lot better. But that's what I'm doing. Dry January when I hit the hit the ground running. Oh, for sure. For sure. Try some new one. Now. Do you feel like a comedian or do you feel like somebody that's pretending to be a comedian?


I feel like I'm pretending. Okay. Of course. It, and you can tell it's, it's brutal. I'm like, I really wanna be taken serious, but I, I can't even take myself serious a fucking fool. I'm just foolish At least. And You what dude? I'll be to come watch you be dishonest. But Yeah, I'll pay $42 plus fees. Okay. To come to, to come to a room and watch somebody be dishonest. Just like a fucking sweating, sweating through my pants. I'm like, it's really not as bad as I'm making it out to be. Hey. But No, but I think, look, there's something about honesty.


There's not as much of it in the world. I would literally pay to go to a room and watch somebody be honest with themselves about what's going on. I'm learning it. I think we all pretend to be something until we get the hang of it. Yeah. You know, I just, I mean, I, I look up to you, I look up to like all, all, all your, all your buddies and, Oh, we've just been out doing it longer. We're, we don't know the fuck we're doing, but you, You've got it. And it's just, it's like so awesome to see. I just, I can't wait for the day I finally get it, you know? Yeah. When did it click? I don't know. I mean, I think it like about 11 years you start to be like, I don't know, there's some different moments. I mean, thank you. That's sweet of you to say that.


Oh yeah. I mean I definitely feel like I don't have a, like this is like, it is my job now, you know? Yeah. For a long time I didn't know if it was my job, you know? I felt like it was, but you keep going home like at Christmas and you don't have a real job. Yeah. And you tell people like, I'm a comedian. Like, whatever, dude. You know, where's your husband? You know, because everybody just thinks you're homosexual, you know? Yeah, of course. Until you get on some sort of television or platform, Like, oh, he's actually very successful. Yeah. We should have been rooting him off. Good for him. Yeah. Maybe we'll scratch out these Posters That we drew. Wait, actually, will you sign this? We're actually a huge fan. I like, it's a poster that says you are a fucking, you held up at my show. But yeah, I'll sign it. Thanks guy.


So, yeah, I think there's like, so that kind of stuff gets tricky and then I think there comes a point where it's like you don't have anything else. And so it's like whenever you give up anything else, like there were times I quit to do real estate. There was times I quit and I fucked up like the third contract I ever did, and I Had Hadda pay somebody's lease for like six months. How'd you Fuck up that Bad? I fucking put myself as the guarantor or whatever. That's crazy. That just takes one John Hancock to pay six months rent. That's, I Had Hadda go live with my girlfriend and I'm paying rent for these other motherfuckers paying, dude, this is the worst part. I was going through some weird shit sometimes.


And I would pee in the sink at night at my girlfriends. 'cause I didn't wanna pee loud and wake up the family. Right. Oh, with the family. Oh Shit. Yeah, with the family. And the cat would go in there and like mi mill around in a sink and fucking snitch me out. The mom and up knowing, and I was ingate in the Sink. What's that talk sound like? Ugh. She said, is your boyfriend been peeing in the sink? It's not, it's not the first boyfriend that's ever peed in the sink for her. That's not, she's kind of into it. The mom's into it. Just some reason. I remember her daughter texted me. Mom knows that's What she said. But the pissing in the sink, Who knows? Whatever grace, whatever. We're all going through it, I suppose. God damn.


You got, I mean, you're gonna figure it out. And I think it's interesting these days, I think, because I'll say this, there used to be more of stairways for how people got into comedy, right? Yeah. There was like, obviously you got on stage, but then you got on different, like little, like there was like a comedy central 10 minutes, or there was like, like these, now there's like dry bar and different groups like that, but there was other small groups where you did comedy sets that they put out there. Right. And now a lot of that's disappearing. There was like a, what was that late show? There were some late shows where you would just sit around in a panel, right. Where people would start to build their name.


Yeah. And now I think just a lot of like, podcasting has kind of become that. It's taken the place of a lot of things. That's true. Yeah. Whereas Before there was like maybe more acting roles or things like that for, for comedy that, 'cause there's not even that many comedies now. Like shows. Not really, no, not so much. I think that's, I think that's the new wave that they're trying to do right now, is that they're trying to cast for a lot of comedy shows. 'cause there has been like a lull. Yeah, that's what I Heard. So I think that you have to have some place where you start to build, you know, that's like an entertainment outlet. So I think podcasting is that, you know, that's, I think it's, it's just kind of become that And Or, or TikTok or some, some sort of like just a, you know, people's own social media, you know?


Yeah. 'cause sure you have the podcast, but then also the, the clips are kind of what bring people into your world a lot of times. Yeah, That's true. That is truly true. I don't sound like I'm preaching at you, do I? No, no, no. I'm listening and I'm taking it all in. Because I wouldn't speak any of this. I clearly, I need it. I need, I needed all the information That I needed. I know it's been a while since you had, since you Had Hadda man in you, but this ain't, but you don't, don't take any of my ideas. No, no. Don't take any of my, I'm not trying to give you any advice. No, no, no. That was, that was the advice you gave. Don't, don't, don't take anyone's advice. Was it the other night? Oh good. He said, oh, well I just fucked that up Because that's even advice. Huh? Damn. What an idiot. I guess I haven't podcasted in a while. I'm pretty rusty. You seem great. I'm usually, I'm usually good with the banter.


No, you're always great. I'm Usually good with the jokes. I feel like you're doing good. Your sister's here. Yeah. Shout out Nora. What's up Nora? Nora's here. We're trying to figure out, so Nora just graduated from West Virginia University. Wow. And we're trying to figure out what we're gonna do with her. She needs a job. So I'm, I'm trying to think of what she can do within the realm of working together. So Do you have some skill sets Nora? Pretty much. We can edit. You can edit. She can edit. Yeah. So we're thinking she, she's gonna be doing like the social media side of things. Great. Yeah. So That'd be nice. Just Tagging along. It's good to have, it's good to have someone that knows you very well. Yeah. So, yeah. And just find new things that are creative. Yeah. That's just like one of my goals I start thinking of for this year.


It's like, well, what things could I do that would be create, like, like would seem like unique or that could try and be more creative. What do you, what do you got so far? Well, you have the, the, that movie's coming out. Yeah. Me and David Fader are making a movie. You're Making a movie. It's, it's in the process of being made right now. We still have to. Yeah. Gotcha. We wrote it and we start making it in January. What's The writing process for that? Like, are you allowed to talk about it? Yeah, We just try. I mean, it took us like two years and we tried to get financing. Nobody wanted to help and so we're making it ourselves. Oh No. Shit. Yeah. Fuck yeah. That's sick. So it's like, yeah, I think I thought, like, I never wanted to be an actor or anything like that and I, I, I don't really think that that is a world of mine. But I thought, like if I look back and I was like, I get a chance to make, I got to do something with David Spade.


Yeah. Who I like idolized. And Do you, do you Skype and write Or We would write together. Together because I, yeah, I've lived, I still have my apartment in LA. Oh, gotcha. Okay. So whenever I'm there, we'll, we, we, we've worked on it over the years in tons of ways. Oh fuck. Yeah. But it's been fun. I can't even believe it. I definitely have learned a lot. And we think that it's funny. Yeah. You know, but if I look, I'm laying in my deathbed or whatever. Yeah. I think it'd be neat to be able to say that I got to do that. Absolutely. And also that I tried to do it, you know, 'cause people may make us seem like you can't do this. You have to have all these special people. Like, I haven't had an agent help me. Nobody's. And so that, oh shit, really to me is like the kind of shit that I like. Oh, Oh Yeah, don't think I can do this.


Watch me. Yeah. Fuck you. You know? I'll prove you wrong. Yeah. There's nothing, the only thing difference between you and me is that you've done it already. Mm. That's the only thing that's fair. I don't know. That shit makes me fucking activated for somebody. No, dude, you locked in. I love to see that. I don't know why. Well, you, you're excited. You jazz. I Don't even know if I'm excited. I Just fucking angry. Well, I'm to hide somebody's kneecaps in their ass. Dude. Dude, You and spade just spayed people. Fucking, I mean, it'd be people up. It'll be, look, if anything I get to sit around with him for five weeks and, and laugh and we have a good time. So it'd cool. That's so sick. When do you know something like that's done? I dunno. That's the toughest thing is scariest. Is that like, you know, once you move on, you can't, there's no Yeah.


Like that scene or whatever is locked in. Yeah. You know, so, and I'm not a great actor, you know, it's like I, you know, I'm gonna do my best. I have a plan and, and I'm excited about what we wrote. You also worry that if you wrote it now and it comes out in seven months, will any of the, will the jokes still be funny? I'm sure. That sort of thing. I'm Sure you guys are timeless, timeless humor. He does. I dunno what the fuck I'm doing, dude. But he's definitely So, I don't know. It's, you know, it's just a lot of little things you learn like, oh, this is maybe why I don't, this isn't something that I love. What did your mom get you for Christmas? My mom. My mom got me a, a megaphone for Christmas.


Ooh. And I got her a trip to Hawaii. So a little Different. And her dad, your dad too, to go to Hawaii? No, That's, that's what's kind of fucked up. I'm realizing. But my, my father and I, we have a a a tricky relationship. Really. Yeah. And do y'all have any brothers? Does he have any sons? No. Even the dog's a, a lady. So Yeah. The poor bastard. Everybody always says, but that's what he gets. He says, I guess he was a fucking asshole growing up. So Was he To who? To women. I It must be. Yeah. He must have been a fucking prick because he says I deserve it. That's what I get for women in a, in a lady dog. Yeah. Yeah. And what happened again? He was in a fire. What Happened? He was in a, he was electro electrocuted on the job.


So he's the guy when the lights go off in the city, he turns them on and he got zippity, zapped and pop. Now we're, now we're doing the same drugs. He, he takes, he takes, he does ketamine therapy. Does He really? Yeah. And I, he does his in a doctor's office and I do mine under the Brooklyn Bridge. It's a little different. Yeah. Dude, my buddy Ernest used to do it in a car wash all the time. He'd call me. I'd like, how are you doing? He'd like, ketamine in the Car. It's raining. Wow. And is your dad kind of a romantic guy still? Do they have still have a romantic relationship with your parents? No, I'm just trying envision him Just absolutely no picture. Like any Irish guy with like a scally cap about like yay high.


Oh yeah. Wide one dead te fell off dead tooth. Oh yeah. The old Andrea Gale, huh? Yes. It chewing tobacco, but he doesn't care anymore. It's just all in his teeth. Yeah. Yeah. Which is all like, it's Like a fucking salad bar hanging out on his Face. Confetti. Oh yeah. Confetti. Oh yeah. Tobacco all over Confetti. It's like, it's like every day's a party in his mouth. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Ash. Yeah. Like That guy is fucking whistling tunes of just, just whistling the soundtrack of the de deposit all the time. Yeah. Just rehearsing for lines. He doesn't even have, he just always wanted to be a mobster.


Who's on the bo who was on your Boston? Mount Rushmore. We've got Ben Affleck. Oh yeah. Matt Damon. And then it used to be, it used to be Marky Mark, but he, he kinda lost me because he, he wakes up too early in the morning Pretty and gets, gets too swollen too early. Yeah. Got him. Got bizarre. But he was also selling liquor too. That was Oh, strange. Oh, like you're, it's selling a liquor, but you're also up so early. How do you know his hands Are in too many baskets? I don't trust him. He has his hands in too many things. Does he seem like, do you think he still has the pulse of the streets in Boston or no?


Nah, I think he lost that. He went full Hollywood. He might have, he lost us. He moved to Vegas now I think. Think he lives in Las Vegas. Yeah. Did. Nice guy. Busy man. Busy. He's busy. Done a lot. He has. And and it starts early on, beating the shit out of an Asian guy, all that jazz. He did that. He did that. Oh, I didn't know all that. Oh, you can't get caught. He's, he's not stopping Asian hate at all. Yeah. And that's a shit. Yeah. The brothers picked it up a couple years ago. Remember when the brothers were zapping Asians everywhere. Were they, they zapping. Oh yeah. Yeah. Your brothers are the brother brothers. The brothers was zapping Asians everywhere.


And the news kept being like, Asian people are under attack. And they're like, yeah, my brothers, It was the brothers and my father, my dad just is sparky now. Yeah. Your dad's like That guy who just walks across the floor like this. And he is like, ugh. Remember doing that shit to people? Oh Yeah. I would get people good. I used to, my favorite thing to do to fuck with someone was pass the milk carton around and say, oh, you sit on it, it's all right. And then you, you give it to the, the biggest person and you know it's gonna explode. They sit on the milk carton and it opens. Yeah. Seen that. People did that to me. Really? Yeah. It wasn't me. It was doing That to people. Would you ever, would it open under you or not always. Every time. Yeah. Really? And I fell for it every time. It was foolish. I got jumped a lot growing up.


You did? I did. Yeah. By whom? One time? From a black man. Oh yeah. That was good. That's, that was at a 21 Savage concert. That's the old, yeah. Yeah. That's the Irish Hello right there. Yeah. You know, it was at a 21 Savage concert. Yeah. I could see that. He was kind of windmilling me and I was pissing my pants crying and then all of a sudden, 21 savage said, yo, y'all wilding down there. Y'all gotta chill. And I'm like, can you, how? How? It was crazy. Were you wilding or you were not? I was getting wilded on. Okay. You're getting wilded on. Yeah. Oh yeah. Sorry. That Happened. You know, it was brutal. And, and it was, it was good though because my, my buddy didn't even try to help God. The girlfriend, the girlfriend of the guy who was punching me said, nah, just let it happen.


And she did. She, she let it happen. No way. Yeah. So there wasn't even any female support? No, it was just, yeah, it was just, oh, Ah, baby girl. That's Tough. Oh yeah. No, it, it's quite the story though. I went to school the next day with a black eye from a black eye. Yeah. So that was nice. That was kind Of cool. Yeah. Like, oh, you, Oh yeah. Then they said, that's cultural appropriation. You're like, give me a fucking break, dude. I just pretend it was from sex. Aw. I just keep running it back to that. Well, I'm sorry that some, yeah. You got abused by a brother like that. No, It's all good. You could have gotten knocked up though. I would've been nice.


Have you dated a lot of black men over the years? No. Dating is what? You haven't dated either? No. What? Well, like I've been on, I've been on three dates of my life. Are you serious, grace? Yeah. Like the last date I went on, he recorded inside my house. So I said, I think I'm good for now. Aw. For now? Yeah, for now. Two weeks later you're like, let's, let's run it Back. Like, yeah, dude, just, you gotta lock your camera up, I guess. Oh yeah. So that was brutal. I gotta think of, somebody could have said, well now that's sad. Why do I need, I shouldn't have said that. That's, No, it's all right. Another date I went on, I was talking about it on the podcast, keeping it very ambiguous. I didn't want any feelings to get hurt, but he showed up hammered and I thought, I thought that he was like, just wicked drunk and slur in his words.


Well, it turns out he Had Hadda speech impediment. Oh. And I didn't realize, and I didn't pick up on that. And he sent me a very long text. I have a speech impediment and I don't know why very long. Yeah. And he said, I didn't, I didn't know why you didn't like the champagne I bought you at the dive bar. I said, ah, I'm sorry. I, I guess we just want different things. Oh yeah. I don't know. I don't have a good track record. Well, yeah, I think you do. I think it's just, you know, I think I what? I have no idea. Yes. Papapa. I know. I'm not gonna fucking tell you dude. It's quite alright. It's just part Of No, we're gonna get some fucking real dogs in here to smash you, Gracie. Hell Yeah. Is that Better? Have you seen that girl?


Have you seen that girl got railed like by like 150 guys? Oh yeah, I saw that. I don't know how I feel about that. I don't know what to do with that. It's just is a, it is just a thing that happened. But she's almost like the evil knievel of like pussy Or whatever. Yeah. She's kind of doing like magic. Like, I don't know. She's like adding time. She's doing daylight savings or something. Yeah. She, That's a lot of time spent. Yeah. It just seems cra And then what are you really doing? It's almost just like, like if people just running and just, just kind of jousting themselves into your vagina real quick. And then we're running off. It's like a meet and greet with their dick out. Yeah. Yeah. Just like next. Yeah. Lily Phillips is her name. She's A gorgeous British only fans British girl.


Yeah. Well, I wonder if this is the thing you're starting to see because of OnlyFans. Like people are having to start to one up each other. Yeah. Well this is going the extra goddamn mile. Yeah, this Is, yeah. I don't know if I, I I don't know if I would even enjoy something like that. You know, like, I mean I, yeah. Even if you were doing it the, you know, or like, I'm gonna make love to a hundred women. I'd be like at like 11 women. I would definitely want to chill. Have a Gatorade or something. Get on my Phone. Yeah. He's like, yeah. Like what's, I don't know why I was gonna ask that. Listening to some Scott Staff or whatever. What did you see that Scott staff that their band is made more this year than they ever made before? Who did? I thought that was pretty interesting. Bring that up brother.


There goes my hero. You know that song? Watch It. Wow. He goes, yeah. Is that it? Yeah.


Blue Chew Baby New Year. Same Wiener buddy. You know it. Blue Chew. I want you to have better sex. They do. Blue Chew is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sex. Blue Chew is putting its money where its mouth is and offering you a month. Free Blue Chew tablets are made in the USA, the process is simple. Sign up at Blue Chew dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations, no waiting in line at the pharmacy. And we've got a special deal For our listeners, try your first month of Blue Chew free, visit Blue Chew dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Blue Chew for sponsoring the podcast.


Today's episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. You know, it's a new year here in the, in the world. And that means that you might have the same problems. That's what I'm noticing for myself. I've got some of the same things and I'm not getting into self-pity, but I'm just noticing, hey, some of this stuff, I keep carrying it. I keep carrying it. I don't wanna have this luggage anymore. You know, I even met with a therapist today and and was going talking about some of those exact same things. BetterHelp is, offers therapy, BetterHelp us fully online, making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. And you can think of therapy as an editorial partner. Write your story with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash THE to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash THEO.


Dude, your friends were so funny the other night. Oh, you're the best Friends. So yeah, those were my friends from growing up. What, what I didn't realize was one of my friends, she's a really big fan and her, her boyfriend who was sitting next to you, he's a even bigger fan of yours. And That guy, I think one of his lips was sweating a little. Yeah. He was losing it. And she had her phone out and she did exactly what I asked her not to do. And she had her flash and she recorded a video and I was like, she thought she was taking a picture. Oh, that's hilarious. And she actually took a video and it was like three seconds long of her boyfriend saying, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so. Yeah. That's alright. Right. Was Embarra the scary part Was if Somebody record your whole conversation, just 'cause then you don't even know what you've said, you know?


No, No. My god. No. How you Say something crazy? We're having a good time. No, I would've, I would've had her delete that. I was so upset. You know, like, you ask your friends to do one thing, just please don't do that one thing. And they do that one thing. Yeah. I was like, ah, Fuck. That's being alive a lot. Being alive is an inter it. They made, they made it interesting here. Right here. Creed reached their highest calendar year earnings in 2024, grossing 64.8 million from 825,000 tickets across 55 performances. Damn. That's their highest calendar year earnings. That is that ever, is there any more information with it? So Cree's never been hotter than right now. That's crazy to think. 'cause didn't, weren't they playing stadiums before? You know what would be a good idea? I've been saying this is there should be a comedian at a half at the halftime for the Super Bowl.


That's a horrible idea. Yeah. I wanna do it. You do. Yeah. Grace, you would be you. I would fail miserably. You think you would? I don't know. Maybe Gimme what? 11 years. Oh, 11 years. Yeah. I you talking about in a couple of months. Oh wait Now? No, no. God no. No. I could pull that though if I wanted to. It'd Be hard. I think it would be way too scary. Would do like half music, half you could find like a, like the good happy medium between fireworks, music and jokes. It would be, yeah. I think it'd feel like it would be, it'd Be like the worst thing that's ever happened. The Super Bowl thus far. Fuck. It'd be brave of you. I would, I would Pledge of Allegiance to that. Okay.


Salute on that. Yeah. Yeah. There goes, that would be intense. There goes my, Does Creed even sing that song? I no idea. Truly An but Yeah, it says right there, cre earn more money in 2024 than they did in any other year over the 30 year career. Oh. So they've they've never been hotter. Good for them. My hero. Oh no, that's my Foo Fighters. Oh Shit. What's Creed? God, who knows? Dude, I don't know if I'm supposed to say this, but I saw a kid rock the other night on New Year's. He looked like he was about To like he'd been through it. Yeah. Oh yeah. He looked like crack rock dude. Pull up that video of him from the other night. Dude. I I, no, I was, I saw him with my own eyes.


Oh, you did? And he looked like he was about to, he he was about to go out on a stretcher. That that, is that always the thing? Is that his kind of The deal? No, no. That's not always a thing. But he Oh, did Somebody get a video of him? Yeah. This is it. He definitely, he Looked a lot worse upstairs. Well least he's pretty healthy right there. Good enough. He looked like a, a good drinking night out. He was shaking. Shaking good. I, you know what? I don't, Was he up? Was he singing? I don't Want problems with Kid Rock. Actually. Did he Go? Oh, he lo he's the best. He's the best at taking jokes and telling jokes. Oh good. All right. Yeah. Oh, he Had Hadda good time. Yeah, no, he was, I almost met him for dinner that night actually. Oh really? He ever spent time around him? No, just, just that, that one.


Hi. And bye kind of thing. You should do his comedy festival. He does a comedy show here every year at the Ryman is for charity. Oh, no. Shit. It'd be fun to get along. Oh yeah. If you wanted to, if you, if you guys got to meet and you guys got along. I'm trying to think. Do you think he'd fuck with me? Yeah. He's, are you Fucking with me? He a sweetheart. Yeah, Right. I'm fucking with you. Cool, Cool, cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool, Cool, cool. I'm a fan. Alright, Well let's Go. I think you're, yeah, I'm curious to see. Yeah. I'm, I'm just excited to fucking be along for the ride and see what goes on. Yeah. Thank you man. I'm, I'm really pumped for your movie. That sounds like really excited stuff. So when do you start filming that? We'll see January 10th. You? Yeah. I don't wanna think too much about it. 'cause I think it's, what if it's horrible and then it's like you have to put it out.


Oh yeah. Just enjoy it. Just enjoy it. Don't talk about it just so, Just do It real G's moving silence. Like lasagna. Yeah. That kinda Shit. So that's the kind of shit we're doing. I'm trying to think of, you have a new podcast coming out or it's out already? Oh, Coming out. Okay. I signed And we're gonna talk about that with a, a new network. Have you heard the Unwell Network? Yep. With Alex Cooper. Right. With Alex Cooper. Okay. I never thought a day in my life I'd be a diversity hire, but it's all blonde hair, blue eye, pretty girls there. So I Are you considered a diversity hire? Yeah. Why? 'cause you're burning redheaded. Redhead. And I just bring a different kind of flavor, so Oh yeah. Ba Bay leave, huh? Yeah, back bay leave.


Yeah. Do they have back bay leaves? I think they might. Grace Valley is officially unwell. So that means you're officially working with their networks. So that's happened? That's happened? Yes. Okay. So that happened like right before the new year. And then Did you know that was coming? Was there I they hopped on it quick. So I Did you already separated from the, from your previous podcast before this happened? Yes. And So I, that happened on, I left Barcel on Sunday and then I got the call Monday and we had papers signed by Thursday. Wow. So it moved pretty quick, which was kind of crazy. And is it a better deal than you had at Barstool? Yeah's Good. Oh, that's good. Yeah, I'm excited about that. You Feel good about it? I feel good. Yeah. Except the one thing I'm concerned about is I don't have health insurance anymore and I'm going deaf in my left ear.


Oh Yeah. It's true. Huh? So I'm gonna have to figure that Out. And especially if you start taking on a lot of kicks this year, you're probably need some help In check. You know, I'm gonna need a couple of Plan B pills and whatnot. Oh yeah, Yeah. Get you a little couple grams of Plan B. Yeah. Yeah. I make bulk. Yeah. I'll get it from Kid Rock. Yeah. Get it. Something from that ditch on you, dude. He'll sell you something, bro. I already's got that. Plan B should do a powder, huh? Yeah. How great would it be to do a line of plan B? Dude, I would fucking rip that left and right. If I had the shacks, I'd do it Goodbye.


I Had Hadda, I had my first crazy fan bring me a bag of cocaine Uhuh to, to my show the other night. Oh yeah. That was good. Oh Yeah. They, they know I like to stuff, but they wrote, we love you so much on a bag of cocaine, which I thought was hilarious. Oh, So cool. It's Just, it's just interesting. Were you able to use any of it or not? I, I preferred not to. Yeah. Just 'cause the circumstantially it was unknown where the, the origin from was from. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. Yeah. Dude, my buddy's aunt used to fucking, she had that like a hole in her throat or whatever and they used to boof cocaine right now on it. That's Fucking awesome. That's sick. Just Rocket that shit. I wanna Get there Right through that little bird.


You gotta be doing something right to get to that point. Right through that, that Little bird house door she had on her neck hole. This Cuckoo. Yeah. She had that little bird house door. What else is going on? What else is happening in the news right now? Elon's reaction to, we have not confirmed that the explosion was caused by a very large fireworks and or a bomb carried in the bed of the rented tire truck and is unrelated to the vehicle itself. Oh. It could have been a fun time or terrorism. Yeah, Dude. The toughest thing about a cyber truck. What do you drive? Grace? What do you drive? I don't have a License. You don't have your license? I Live in New York. Oh, you don't even need it, huh? Yeah. Wow. I used to have it, but it, I, I just let it expire. I used to drive, I used to drive and I Had Hadda.


I Had Hadda Lincoln 2002 Lincoln Presidential Town car. Ooh. Which is either an elderly person or a pimp. I don't know if you've ever seen those bad boys. Very prestigious. Yeah. Yeah. 3, 3, 3 in the front, three in the back. That was the, the fucking cruiser. We loved that thing. It was awesome. Whipping that bitch. Boy. I think that thing was classic Whipping work in that bitch son. That thing's awesome. Yeah. It still smell like my dead grandpa. Oh yeah. It was good. Alright, Papa. Yeah. He's in that bitch for the Good. Good. I couldn't wait for him to cro to cop that thing. You ever, didn't you ever make out on your backseat of that car with any men or anything like that?


I mean, I'm sure you had some dates, huh? We Had plenty of room for it, but I never did. God and Nora, you don't coach her on dating or anything? No, I Got nothing. It's hopeless. It's, it's fine. I'm not worried about it. Right. I'm not worried about it. But it's just been something that's been in your life now. What if a man came along and he is looking for marriage, do you think that that's something you would actually consider? You think? I mean, I mean at this point it's starting to be like, well, the, the older I get and the, the bigger reaction that I I get when I tell people I've never been in a relationship is when I start to think, yeah, I think the next guy will probably be a forever. Might be, huh? Yeah. He could be a real prick too. No, I gotta I gotta lock it down.


He better be a prince. He better be. And there's gotta be some, I'm trying to think of like, what's your ideal man or do you even have, that's such a dumb question, isn't it? Who gives a fuck? I, I'll, I'll fuck it. I'll, I'll tell this story. I Had Hadda crush on Shane Gillis for a little bit. Oh yeah. Big crush. And I had met him at, at my work and I, I just word vomited. I was talking to him and I, I dropped a sandwich that I was eating and he said, are you gonna pick that up? And I said, I gotta go. And I just left. Oh yeah. I, that, that kind of thing. And I just kept running into him. You pick it up white boy, that kind of shit. Well, I just got really nervous that I wasn't playing it cool at All.


Oh, it wasn't a, a stacked tactics. No, no. I just, I just, I I crammed out of there, but I just kept running into him that month, like a lot. And it looked like I was stalking him and it, it, it ended with, he hosted Saturday Night Live. I was at the after party and I'm like, I'm looking at him. I'm like, don't look at him. Don't look at, and I looked at him, I go, Hey, congrats tonight, man. He is like, yeah, thank you so much. I said, yeah, bet you're gonna get Mad Pussy tonight, bro. Oh yeah. I don't Grace. He's not supposed to say that. Right. You're not supposed to say that one. And he said, what, what did you say? And I said, ah, see. And I just left the bathroom line, dude.


I bought him a beer because I felt good. Fuck yeah, dude. No, I respect your fucking move. That's how I flirt. Yeah. You want this pussy. You're never going to get it. Whitey, don't you come honky, honky and around this thing, round this little fucking kitty chamber. Whitey. Yeah, that is, That's just like a really great example of how I operate. Yeah. Yeah. So it all makes sense, right? Oh, I feel you. Sometimes I would get so nervous. I followed a woman one time for like seven or eight blocks and I finally caught up to her and I was like, I was so nervous. I just was like, I'm not following you. That's what I said. Fucking walked off. Yeah. Ugh.


I'm not following you. And someone Was uphill. It was like obvious that I was fucking Following her. Dude. My face was all wet. She started running. Huh? She started running fast. Yeah. Oh, She's moving quick. Kind of, you know, with Pace or whatever. Yeah. Shane just won Cracker of the Year. Oh yeah. I saw This's a huge every day. Oh yeah. That's a huge Is this, this isn't, this is a new one by him, right? From Mr. Ab. I don't know. What is this Ab He's got, he did like a whole, like he was giving awards out to everybody this year. Oh, he Was? Yeah. I think Antonio Brown. Funny. Yeah. Funniest cracker. Somebody said Winter. Got to use the n It did. That was his thing. Winter got to use the N word. Is that what Antonio said one time or something? I got, I got a new goal for next year.


You Do? Yeah. This is it. This is it. Crack of the year. Well, you get to say the N Word. I think you could do it once. All right. It's not like a, you don't even, it's not even like a month. It's not that I want to, it's just like it'll be a nice perk. No, yeah, you should, you just gotta be a prize. Yeah. Yeah. And I, it's not, I Wonder if you could say it like in public or does it have to be alone in the shower or something? I mean, you can, I, I don't, I don't say it. I mean, I'll think it sometimes loudly or whatever, but you will not, I'm not That guy. Hmm. Somebody in our town used to write it down all the time and throw it in, like put a message in a bottle and throw it out into the water And then it'd go downstream. Yeah. Then like, Some dad and his kid are just walking along the stream and the kid finds it. He's like, what's this say? This is a historic artifact.


It's just sad that, that kind of shit is just like, That's unfortunate. It's that kind of shit that's ruining our waterways. Mm. That's what I'm saying. God. Have you ever been in a contest? You've ever won a did you ever win like a most talented or funniest contest? No. I've, I've lost pretty much everything I've ever tried to do. You're crazy. Crazy. But you know, you, you, you can't let that stop you. I I, I lost class clown to some girl who dropped out of high school. Nah. Oh yeah. So we did 'em at the beginning of the year and she was not there to receive the award. The award at the end of the year. You should have to be able to, you should have to stay in school to even be able to do it.


You Know? That's what I'm saying. It wasn't fair. And I don't think I was eligible because of just being a, a shithead. I had like a 1.5 GPA. Oh, so you were not educated? I was, I was not. Oh, I was, I was too worried about having fun and, and cracking jokes. Oh, so you were part, you were having a good time. I was Blasting off. Yeah. Okay. So I wasn't as like much of a lose. I just wasn't getting laid. Right. But I was, I was cool. But you were, I was having Fun. And were you getting wasted at parties and stuff and like having you? Oh, Absolutely. People didn't like having me around because if you got stuck with me, you would have, you would be dragging me outta the woods. Yeah. Yeah. I would fall flat. Oh, really? Yeah. You were fucking just, I was just, The party stops here, boys. If The tree falls in the woods, you're gonna hear it.


It's grace. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We used to have this guy in our town, this fellow, he had, well, a lot of Irish. They've always equated the Irish with like, I don't wanna say like a step up from having Down syndrome, whatever, but it's poss no fair. Yeah. Right. Like we Had Hadda g guy in our town. I've told this story before, but he had Down syndrome and his mom didn't know it. Right. Never got the paperwork or the blood test or whatever. And so she just thought he was Irish. Right. She thought he's Irish and she's like buying him all this Boston. You Talking about Shane? Huh? Oh, This wasn't, this wasn't Shane, Shane, Rob. Shane probably knows the guy, but this was just a local DS guy, you know.


Oh. But his mom would get him all this Boston Celtic shit and Notre Dame shit. Yeah. I was like, you know, and our, the train that came in our town didn't even go to Boston, So I would probably never go to Boston. But that whenever he would misbehave or whatever, they would put him in this baby crib, even when he was an adult. And he had this thing where he just would not go out of it. He would stay in the crib. Oh, wow. Like a playpen, not a crib, but like a baby's play little area or whatever. And he would stay in it even like, you know, 14, 15 years old. Yeah. Something like that. What else did I see recently? Oh, there was the LSD Diplo. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Diplo trips on LSD walk. What is the most, I'm so curious.


What's the most conventional place? Looks a kid. Rough. That You've done LSD right now? Right now. Helicopter. Oh yeah, please. Oh my God. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Please tell Me. Look at Anderson. He's probably getting sick from being, could be from, from me. D Yeah. Diplo's. Definitely. Every time I'm in Los Vegas, I see That guy. That guy loves to party. Yeah. He loves to party. That's so brave, dude. To go on live television on LSD. Oh My God.


I'd, I'd kill myself. I really would. That's so scary, Dude. I would smoke my own nuts, bro. I could not even fucking, Dude. I would take my penis off and just fucking hide it in somebody's face. Dude. I could not, I would freak the fuck out, dude. He was Playing it so cool too. So cool. I would've, I would've been scratching my eyes out, like, yeah, I don't, I can't. I did it one time. You did? Yeah. You did LSD what? When you were on camera? Yeah. I wasn't on camera. No. I just like in general. Did it one time. I didn't like It. Oh, only one time. And where did you guys go? It was after a long day of partying and we, we ripped it at three in the morning, so it was a really bad idea. Oh yeah.


Really bad idea. Oh yeah. So I, I will be doing that anytime soon. But Molly's Molly's a lot better. She's a sweetheart. Yeah. I like her. She's Good shit. Oh yeah. Molly's one, the other one's shit. Yeah. I remember throwing a bunch of rocks at bunch of grass or whatever. We thought there was like these little people in it or whatever. And we, we thought, we kept hearing him yell every time we throw the rock in there, It was just children. Oh. Half My buddies in the morning. Half my buddy's driveway was in that fucking, in his yard. Dude. We were all sweating and our shoulders were hurting. Oh, it was like the neighbors? Yeah. Just fucking, just, they had like these elephant ear things in the ditch and we thought that like, we kept throwing these rocks and like, listen, you can hear these people scream when you throw it in there.


Get fucking devious on that. Oh, We Fucking, that's not, you are not a one love hippie on LSD. We threw a fucking eighth of a dump truck of driveway gravel in that ditch, Starting to eating it and shit. I'm trying to think of some famous LSD trips. I mean, I had some good ones. I had one where I like, well, it wasn't LSD, I took mushrooms to a party. Mm. And a lot of people had never taken 'em. And I gave 'em all to 'em. And I was like, let's pay high and go seek. And I just counted. And they all went and hid and then they fucking, I never looked. And they're all alone with their thoughts. Oh Dude. I never looked for any of them. Wait, that's classic. I'm still Never You're devious. I've still never looked for 'em.


Yeah. Fuck 'em. Dude. If they can't handle that fucking mountain lion bitch and get out of the fucking, You can't handle their own goddamn toss and they can get the fuck outta my face And get out the forest. Big dog. Huh? If you don't wanna link up and get out the food chain bitch, let's, how you, you feel me? Sorry. That's how you like tear your friends. Like who can handle it? Who can handle being alone? Who can do Their drugs? Oh, dude. My favorite thing ever. I used to be with my buddy Jeffrey, and Scotty and Nate, we'd all be outside smoking, smoking dope or whatever, smoking flour or weed or whatever. And I'd come back in a few minutes early and Jeff's dad would be always sitting in the house just reading the newspaper or whatever.


And I'd come in, I'd be like, Mr. Mike, they are like, what's going on? Like, just Jeff was being kind of, I don't know, like he just, he kept taking his shirt off or whatever and Mr. Mike had issues with like Gay case stuff. Yeah, I saw that coming. So the second I was like, he had his shirt off, whatever. He'd be like, could fucking, No, You could steal his fucking teeth just climbing over his tongue through the newspaper. Right. He'd like, And So I would just plant that seed dude. And I would just go and, and they would come in, they'd be stoned out of their brain.


They'd come in the house and he'd be like, Jeffrey. And he'd fucking have 'em come in there. He'd like, he just, just roast him for being homosexuals. What are you doing out There with your fucking shirt off? And Jeff stoned out of his face, has no idea what's going on. And he say in the host behind him, like, yeah, why you being such a gay homo? It was a good time. I mean, it was just, it was, or was You like throwing your boys under the bus? I like fucking being the bus driver and all the seats are under the bus. Nice. That's what I like. And it's short too. Yeah. Yeah. I just like that. I like it. I like just creating something. Right. Like, let's see what happens here. If we set this thing up this way, it's Called some chaos.


There was that one famous story. Who's the famous? There was two members of, I think Fleetwood Mac that took LSD. Oh, wow. Oh, there it is. The night that Fleetwood Mac lost Peter Green and Danny Kerwin to LSD. Yeah. What was this About? Oh, the Died. It's all amid a manic psychedelic party in a commune like Mansion Green. I think it's Peter Green is the guy's name. I was drawn down into the basement and arrived out of the other side in tears in the band's eyes. He was distraught, despite green claiming to have had an extraordinary experience and stating that he played the best guitar of his life down there. Another member of the band present that day was Danny Kerwin fate also besieged him that night.


Peter Green and Danny Kerwin both went together to that house in Munich. Okay. That's where they were after a show. Their one time manager, Clifford Davis recalls both of them took acid. As I understand both of them as of that day, became seriously mentally ill. It would be too much of a coincidence for it to be anything other than taking drugs as of that day feared the rest of the band felt an intense sense of dread in that place and managed to scurry away with the two heavily intoxicated members while Greenwood recover and enjoy a creative life away from the spotlight. Despite persistent problems, things fared differently for Kerwin. Danny had been a nervous and sensitive lad from the start. He was never really suited to the rigors of the business. Mick Fleetwood once opined touring his heart in the routine, wears us all down one night while backstage just regression came to the, for Danny was being odd about tuning as a guitar.


Mick Fleetwood remembers he got up suddenly and bashed his head into the wall, splattering blood everywhere. I've never seen him do anything violent in all the years I'd known him, the rest of us were paralyzed in complete shock. Damn. He was wonderful, but he couldn't handle the life. Eventually ending up homeless on the streets of London. Wow. Damn. Sounds like a Tuesday. Yeah. That's what happens. Dude. That's my biggest fear. Is it really Something bad? Getting schizophrenic? Really? Yeah. It like freaks me out. It doesn't even run in the family, but that sounds scary. What? Want that? Yeah. I think taking a hit of acid or something and next thing you know, you just, you don't, you know, you don't, you don't what you're doing.


Don't lost it. Yeah. Actually, it might run in the family. I got a cousin like that. You do? Yeah. It's tough. And it's a man or woman Both. Hmm. God. Yeah. Yeah. That's a thing. Dude. I, I would just, I don't know if I could be a man and a woman. Do you think you could handle it? I think I do a good job already. I'm, I'm saying manly shit to men to flirt with them. Huh? Like, yeah. Fucking get some pale tonight brother. Like what? Yeah. Huh. Eus. Huh? Put up, let's go Brady. Come on now. Deflate these poles. God. Yeah. That's the unfortunate truth.


Who's on my Mount Rushmore? I wonder. Yeah. From where you're from. Oh, from where? I'm from? I'm trying to think of my Boston one. Oh, my Boston one would be, is it okay if I do a Boston one? Oh, please be my guys. Oh, will Hunting. So you got him. You got Tom Brady. You got oh, Dutch Smith from bring up Dutch Smith. This is him following An arson over the weekend. Police say a teenager is responsible for all that damage. These watch sixteens Nikki cries joins us live from the central Pennsylvania newsroom with more tonight, Nikki, Julie.


A lot of people in Shamokin are upset that Dunking Donuts is closed because they didn't have anywhere else to go for coffee and donuts. Today. We also learned new information about the teenage girl. Police charged with setting the place on fire. Yeah. Yellow tape surrounds the Dunking Donuts on West Sunbury Street in Shimo. The popular donut shop is closed until further notice because of extensive fire damage. Emergency. There's A lot of people that's definitely gonna miss it. No doubt about It. A teenager is charged with starting a fire inside the Restaurant. Restaurant on Saturday. Go further down. They start interviewing people. Oh, back up back. The people who live in Shimo are upset that Dunking Donuts is closed. Now I have to rely on myself to go to maybe a Turkey Hill or something where I don't like their donuts.


I'd rather the donuts at Dunking Donuts and I'm kind of dealing with it. But I really miss Dunking Donuts. Well, I Go to, every day I get a chicken baker croissant or I get some coffee. Powerade, if I'm dehydrated. I sit there all the time. If I have any like legal work that I need to do, I go there. I meet with my attorneys there. I'm gonna miss that place when it, if it don't open up, That's Classic. And a lot of my friends go in there, get the cold coffee with ice coffee, I guess it's called. She's A fucking Motley crew. That is. So the guy in the middle was like, yeah, I get Steve Dehy Brady meet my attorney up there and my boy Dutch Smith, he's on my He's on your Mother Rush.


He's on My Is he also like on your team? Like, I feel like you know him. The Dunking Donut over there. I gotta Talk to my lawyers. He's like, I gotta do some legal work. Whatcha You gotta do legal work? You gotta go to dunks. Yeah. He's like, that's classic. Oh yeah. What do they call up there? Ice cold coffee. Ice coffee Lady. Like that Is good. They call it cold coffee. He's a freaking crazy person. I'm like, Oh yeah, Mimi at the dunks on 15th and second. We'll Get some the legal work. You, we got some legal work. That's So good. And you know, he is not studying to be a lawyer. Nah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


You know? Yeah. You know, he is not studying to be a lawyer. Can You do accents? Do I do 'em? Can You do accents? Yeah. No, I can't really do 'em that much. I don't think. I, sometimes I wish I'd spent more time focusing on stuff like that. Oh yeah. What about you? I, I could just do Irish. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty. But under pressure it's pretty hard. But I, you truly have to Infinite ars really? Are you truly And honestly. Yeah. Truly. Truly. And honestly. Yeah. Are you going? I do. I do it a wee little bit, but I here and there is a good party trick if you do it. Oh yeah. But it's not really gonna take me far in life, is it? We Take you back far. That's bad. Yeah, I'm bad.


But I, I think maybe if I, it'd be fun to work on, I guess. I don't know. Yeah. I think I like it. You did a good job. Oh, thanks. Have you toured in Ireland yet? No. You gotta wait. No, you gotta wait on I'm, I'm, I'm new ski. Yeah. Sorry, what are we talking about? I'm Brand New. I'm, yeah, I shouldn't have said that. Which is probably why I have nothing to talk about. No, it's okay. No, you're great to talk to. Oh, grace O'Malley. I love, I'm glad I've gotten to sit and chat with you. If you guys don't know Grace now, you probably do. I think you have a good, I think, did we talk about your life enough, do you think? Yeah, sure. Okay. Yeah. Oh, did you finish college or not? No, I dropped out. You did? Yeah. But by the time I, I dropped outta college, I Had Hadda 4.0.


You did? Yeah. I found out what Adderall was. Oh, so you were using 'em. So I needed it. Yeah. As it as it turned out, The Irish needed, what are the Irish missing? There's always that thing, you know, They're, they're missing out on Well, the fathers are missing note on loving their children. Yeah. They don't know how to, to express it. Yeah. And Then Oh yeah, they can't, huh? Yeah, They can't. Yeah. It's Like they just get you a fucking Edelman jersey. Yeah. They just hope that'll, that'll equate to love. It's good. Yeah. Why can't they do it? Well, sharing a beer in silence. That's Oh yeah. That's also supposed to be love in their eyes. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Why do the Iowas have that trouble sharing love? Maybe. And if, if people listen, they can hit the Hotline too with that 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3.


And that would be great to just, I wanna examine that next time we have a solo episode. Is why the Irish have that trouble expressing their love. Do you think that they have it more than other cultures? Let's, let's think just to compare, The Koreans can't do it. They, they can't. No, they can't. No. Tough. Is it tough love or is it just no love? Well, there's a video you see that. I think Steve, look up Stevie Weeby. He just put that video of him, Bobby and their mother trying to do Christmas together or something. Can you see that? If you put it on his Instagram, the Koreans, I don't think they can do it. Bobby's the Asian representative. Bobby is, I wanna say he Maybe you Like that.


I know you like it. Yeah. Yeah. Late at night. And I leave Duke here by himself. He loses his mind. Ah. Oh, Bobby. No, duke. Oh, you have no snacks here. I got hungry. So there, She's been Drinking, listening. Three in the morning is not know. No, it was six in the morning. So what happened last night was Guessing I wanted Some snacks. So I went to seven 11. I got srp, I got pulled in. That's, this is like that game show, like that telephone game or whatever.


Yeah. Can you see where Bobby comes in later or not? Is there any, can you help me out get further down? Further? Further? Is there any where Bobby comes captions In or not? No. Maybe not. The mother is very endearing now. I would love to meet her. She's probably a star that I would like to meet. Yeah. Who, who, who's up there for you? Who haven't you met and who on top of that, who was your favorite thus far? Oh, I don't know. I got to meet Mel Gibson one time and, and he was very captivating. That's, Yeah. That's wild. It's very like, you get drawn into him, you know, you Sit down and like shoot the shit with him. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I did get to one time, which is crazy 'cause Patriot's my favorite movie probably. Was there anything else that we wanted to talk about?


You have any of our topics? Anything you wanna look at really quick? I'm just trying to think, grace, before I let you go. Yeah. Oh wait. So your new podcast? Yes. Tell me about it. Okay, so it is gonna be coming out in February. That's great. Everything is completely up in the air right now trying to figure out what the hell it's gonna be. But for the most part, the idea for it is the name's gonna be disgraceful and I'm gonna have like, guests on every week. And for the first 50 to 20 minutes they're auditioning to be my new co-host. 'cause I, I need a new co-host. Oh. So that's like the niche there. And then after that, hopefully, we'll, we'll shoot the shit. I'll get to practice in a little more and be a little better for, for that. So, so what are you looking for in your coast?


Do you already have a parameters? That's the thing. It it's all just a, a gimmick. I'm never, I'm never probably gonna have a host. Oh, you're not. We, We'll see how it goes. But there is possibility though. Possibility. Like Alex suggested Alex Cooper. Alex Cooper suggested that From call her daddy. Yeah. So I had, I had pitched her my idea for this podcast and she was like, yeah, that's awesome. But what if you did a podcast with like Blake Griffin? I'm like, what? So that's the idea that she has for it. So we're gonna figure out something, something somewhere in the middle. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. That was just like a little behind the scenes kind of phone call. So, okay. We'll see how it goes. Will she have a say in it? Will you have a say?


Will it just be, is it up to you? Kind of. I Get final say. Yeah, you do. So I think, I think I'm gonna stick to my guns. I, yeah. Yeah. I think there's trust your instincts. It's, yeah, I, whatever your instincts are, I love them. Thanks. Right back at You. They're fun. Your instincts are fun to ride along with the Down For Anything tour that's going on right now. Yep. And despite everything I've said on this podcast, it is a good show. So Come, come on. Come on out. Oh yeah, I believe that it is. I almost stayed. I wanted to say that. I think I got nervous. There was so many girls in there. A lot of girls. Yeah. It's a, it's, it's like a slumber party. Yeah. And then I, I just, my whole time I'm just trying to make the boyfriends laugh. Yeah. Because they don't wanna be there.


Oh, they're So, I, I like really try my best to make them laugh the most. You know what's so funny about comedy? A lot of times you'd be on stage and it's all dates there. Yeah. And so you're like, so not only are you like the kind of like, if you're the lonely one, if you're, if you're the one that doesn't have a boyfriend or girlfriend, you're then you're also provide, you're the entertainment, right? They're paying for sure. Yes. But then they all have, and then you like, oh, it just builds up this, sometimes it can build up this weird fucking resentment. Yeah, totally. I mean, I just did a New Year's Eve show, so everyone, 3, 2, 1, everyone started Kiss and I'm like, I'm still on stage by myself. Oh. It's like a double whammy. Fuck you. I was like, this is Nice fun. And what do you do then? Is throw a couple, you throw a couple fingers in the hoo-ha.


What do you do at that point? I just, I, I, I started, I just grabbed the, the bouncer. I just fucked him on stage there. Yeah. No, I, I started, I started shotgunning beers, So I felt less lonely. Yes. I swear to God. Oh, There you, there we go Gracie. Yeah. We're gonna fucking, we are gonna send some cats your way. This shit Gracie baby. Yeah. We are gonna send you a boatload of cash. Fuck this shit. That's for sure. The dad might. It is. Okay. And why do they say clock up there in mass cock?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's just, there's No way. No, there's no, it's not, it's not a way for a woman to talk clock. Yeah. Yeah, dude. I was going in a, I Had Hadda show out right outside of, in, not Medford, I don't know where it is. Is that right outside of the City? Medford? Yeah. Medford. That's a Town. And I Had Hadda show right out there and some guy's walking up with his wife, they're eating a piece of pizza and he is like, Doris give, that's the guy we're going to give him you pizza. Gave him Me pizza Endorsed. They're both eating. You can tell they just gotten snack. They're running over, they're running a few minutes late. I'm like, I don't get here. He's like, give me a fucking pizza, Doris. You fucking bitch. So now, yeah, Now I love this guy. Yeah. That's how he's, I don't love you.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Fucking what I wanna see. And Doris, so Doris gives me your pizza and then they go inside the guys just eat and like, where the fuck you doing man? Oh my God. I'm just like, what? Yeah. That, that, that's the kind of guys up there is they'll throw, they'll throw their wives across, across a car to impress their boys. Oh yeah. They Give 'em their boys. They're kind of gay for it. Oh, they're definitely just to get a whiff of Roya's. Fucking catch his mitt. Yeah. Alright. I think we've had enough. I think we've, I think we've Had Hadda Good start to the year. Any res anything that you, you're trying to push on yourself this year? I know maybe love is in the air.


That's always in the air. Yeah. Anything else you're kinda like any, is there a real goal that you have or something? This year We get porked at least once. Okay. And then we'll got Getting slammed Now we talking, we We're talking. I'll take it wherever I can get it. This is a Christian program. Oh, here is it. Now I, my apologies. So you're right at home. Go ahead. Yeah, no. And then I, I'm trying to cut back on drinking. Yeah. I haven have a drinking problem. You do? I'm I'm a functioning alcoholic. Oh yeah. Yeah. Big time. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to kick back. Okay. I'm gonna start with the dry January and see where that goes. Oh, so you gonna get, you, you're tapping back in, so for the rest of January you're off.


Oh Yeah. I, I missed the first day, but whatcha gonna do? That's still December in some places doesn't Yeah, right in Holland. I think they're, yeah, they're behind. Yeah. It's like, I'm On Holland time. Fuck it. I'm on Holland time. Okay. What about You? What about me? No, I'm gonna try to be sober all year, I think. But any New Year's resolution Resolutions. Yeah. I'm gonna try to be more pertinent with my time. Mm. Like don't waste time and things that I know. Like I think with relationship stuff, don't waste like dating time and things that maybe don't have a, a chance kind of thing. Maybe that's fair. I don't know. So stop, stop dating girls with no personality. Yeah. Just if I know it's not really there.


Don't just kind of use, you know, use the situation just 'cause maybe I'm lonesome or something. Yeah. You know, or like don't, or just 'cause I don't have anybody to go do, you know, just be like, well just do shit by myself then sometimes or just be by myself or whatever. It's not all That bad. Right. It's not that bad. Yeah. Do it all the time. And then, and then you, Your nightmare is my every day. I don't Know. And then, I don't know, get out there and fucking do some sex maybe. I don't know. Something else. I don't know. I'd like to read a little bit more. Maybe this year. You read a lot last year. Not as much as I'd have liked, but just because I wanna have that slow time where you just, your thoughts are slowed down and you just kind of relaxing, you know?


Yeah. I feel like my brain gets so sped up. Yeah. I can't, I don't know how to slow it down. Yeah, slow it down. And maybe pray. Pray. Yeah. Pray. If I meet a wife for something, 2020 y that's where I'm at. There You go. 2020 y It can happen, dude. That's good. I like that. Welcome to come country, huh? Yeah. You go then You can hang out with your other friends. Yeah. Yeah. We're coming. Coming over. I got me a pride now. Yeah. Look at her. Look at her. She gimme pizza. Doris Grace O'Malley. Thank you so much for coming. Nora O'Malley, thank you for coming too. And cheers and blessings to you guys. Happy New Year. Happy New Year, man. Thank you very much. It was a honor, truly and Honestly. And same for me. And best of luck with disgraceful.


It comes out in February. Yes. Okay. On the unwell network. Hell yeah. Amen. Hell Yeah. Now I'm just falling on the, and I feel, I'm like these leaves I must be, when I.