
The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 200 bucks in bonus bets guaranteed. That's $200 in bonus. Bets win or lose. FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 Plus in President Select States First online Real Money Wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


We have some tour dates coming up. We have East Lansing, Michigan, Eugene, Oregon, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station. Belton, Texas, San Antonio, Oxford, Mississippi, down there. Fayetteville, Arkansas, Tuscaloosa, Alabama. That's Roll. Tide Country. Tallahassee, Florida, Nashville, Tennessee. There in the home city. Winnipeg in the Canada, and Calgary as well in the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR. And just thank you for supporting live comedy and supporting the Return of the Rat tour.


Today's guest is a standup comedian. He's a UFC commentator. He is the biggest podcaster in the world. I'm thankful for him and Jamie for welcoming me here. The first half of this episode was on his channel, and the second half of the episode is here. Now. Today's guest is the powerful Joe Rogan.


Thanks man. Nice to see you bro. Good to see you too. Yeah, man, we Had Hadda fun time. We were just talking about how if we Had Hadda camera on us when we were in Vegas having dinner a couple weeks ago. That one night probably. We were so silly. We were dying laughing After U Ffc Dying Laughing. Yeah. Your buddies were there. One of 'em, there was pro pool pool players. Yes. Yeah. Jeremy Jones and Carl Boys. And They were, they had been swimming in a pool of beer. They'd been, they been playing in a deep end of a pool of beer. They were there for six hours of the fights drinking. They Were cooked. They, because they got there with me. So they started watching the fights at like 3:30 PM Yeah. Oh. During that Chris Wyman fight, one of 'em kept yelling hole in one over and over again.


So I really, yeah, I knew that they were fucking yelling hole in one. Yeah. I mean, they were just getting pretty cooked up. Well, that's unfortunate. Yeah, dude, that was fun. That dinner was fun. It was fa, that place was fancy in there, but it was a good time, man. You just got back from Scotland. Yeah. Well how was it? Oh, Joe. Holy Shit. Be Beautiful. Did they call, did they talk to you like that? Oh, Joe. No. They talk like that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to do an impression of it. I'll fuck it up. But I like it over there. It's beautiful. Would you like, was there, I think that it's like, it's one of the most beautiful places, but it's like very lightly populated.


I almost don't wanna talk about it 'cause it's so cool. 'cause there's not a lot of people there. Oh yeah. But it's also, there's like some shit there that's so old. They had some guidestones on this property and they said, I go, how old are these things? They're like thousands of years old. We don't even know. Don't know who put 'em there. Don't know why they're there. So these like 4,000, 5,000 year old stones that are sticking outta the ground, they have a stone circle there that's older than Stonehenge. Hmm. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Stonehenge is crazy. Dude. I remember when in school they would teach us like stone hinge. It's crazy. Who knows what happened, you know? Yeah. Like Smurfs aliens, like they had all this crazy shit they would teach you and then they taught You about that in school?


Yeah. Yeah. Smurfs or just everybody didn't know what it was about. Right. But then Stone Edges by Smurfs. Is that it? Fuck Jamie. Did you get that in Ohio? Did they teach? I learned about it all the same time. Like him probably. Yeah. This is during the eighties, bro. Early nineties. And, but then we went there one time we were touring and we drove by and literally they had an exit for Stonehenge. And it was just right there. It was like a rest area. It was just like right off the highway. And When you went there, was it impressive? No, it was like, I was impressed 'cause I'd learned they didn't give a fuck. It's like people over there just like changing their kids in front of it and stuff on the ground. Like people didn't give a shit. And you'd walk up to it and touch it. Right. It's right there. Dude. They had like a sign that was like, I don't even think it said, please don't touch.


It was like, just something more vague than that. Did You ever see the Georgia Guidestones, the Go Georgia Guidestones were this thing that, I don't know if they know who built it. Do they know who funded that thing? I don't think so. So the, they never found out yet. The Georgia Guidestones, somebody spent a lot of money to make these giant stone statues with the guides to how to keep a civilization intact. And then Oh, like the rules? Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah, it's written in a bunch of different languages. So what is it Lang? So somebody blew it up, man. No. Oh yeah. Let's it down the bottom.


Somebody, somebody blew it up and then they decided after the person blew up part of it to destroy it all, which I don't understand that logic. Why they wouldn't just rebuild it. Why didn't you just rebuild it? So mysterious Monument meant to guide into an age of reason was destroyed after an apparent bombing. That's, and that right there is like a perfect example of existence it feels like. Yeah. How about, just leave it there. Yeah. Okay. June of 1979, a man going by the pseudonym of RC Christian approached the Albertan granite finishing company with a task of building a monument. He said that no one was ever to know his true identity or that the group that he was representing, or the group that he of, of the group or that of the group that he was representing.


He seemed to have an endless supply of money to fund the project. And by the terms of the legal contract, all plans Had Hadda be destroyed after completion. And all information about him withheld from the public. So the, the stones were finished in 1980. They carry a tablet in the front proclaiming, let these be guidestones to an age of reason. Engraved in the stones are 10 guidelines meant to reestablish the planet and society perhaps after an apocalypse. The written in eight different languages, English, Spanish, Swahili, Hindu, Hebrew, Arabic, Chinese, and Russian amongst other commandments, preached to maintain humanity under 500 million in perpetual balance with nature.


Wow. Rule, passion, faith, tradition, and all things with tempered reason. Balance. Personal rights with social duties. Yeah. Being outta cancer on the earth. Leave room for nature. Wow. Solid laws. Yeah. Do you think that's solid? Yeah. It seems like a great plan. Do you think that humanity is supposed to reach like this place where we kind of get it all figured out? Or do you think it's always just this constant ebb and flow of like, Well, I think Step forward, step back, or two steps forward, step back. We were talking about on the podcast, like what's happening in terms of like, people slowly turning into genderless aliens.


Yeah. You know, I think, I think that's probably really what's going on. I, I don't think humanity ever gets together. I think humanity stops being humanity. 'cause I think what keeps us from getting it together, a lot of it is if you think about the horrors of society, like violence, war, thievery, like stealing resources, all that stuff, imprisoning people, corruption. All those things are like, they're, those are built in primal behaviors in human beings. Especially with unchecked power. And I think that as long as we're just human beings, we're gonna have those things. We'll have less and less of them. We have way less now than we had during fucking king Henry viii.


Like back during King Henry vii, you couldn't have a podcast. He would fucking kill you. When he wanted to get rid of his wives, he just chopped their fucking heads off. Oh, gimme get a new one. Get rid of her off with her head. You couldn't do that. Now that was The thing, right? Was it, was it Henry vii that was off with their head? It wasn't. He the guy, he Had Hadda like a few of them. He would see it now it would be his wife would make a TikTok about it in a heartbeat. I feel like. Exactly. Or her sister would. Oh yeah. She would like that motherfucker. There's nothing wrong with her head. He said her head was cursed. Henry is lying. Yeah. But nowadays are different, man. So there's like, that's like Stephen Pinker's work. If you follow his work on violence and crime. People always want to think that violence and crime is more now than ever before.


But the reality is when you look at the course of human history, it's, there's never been a more safe time to be alive than right now. What do you think it looks like coming up? Do you think like, people start to res, like if, if fear, if like people continue to be so like full of fear, do we, do people like resort back to like their tribal nature? Or what kind of starts to happen? It definitely do. If the power goes out. The only thing that keeps society together is power. As soon as power goes out, you have no electricity, you have no cooling. So you can't stay in places where it's too hot and you can't live in places where it's too cold. Yeah. You're in a bad spot there. So then if you're living in a place where it's too cold, you're heavily dependent upon firewood. So a big part of your day is getting firewood.


You have to make sure you have enough. If you're living in Siberia, you have to have a fucking shit pile of firewood. And you never let that fire go out. Ever. I'd get a bunch Ever. You need to have a bunch. I would, I'd get there early and get It. You gotta keep that fucking fire going man. 'cause if you're stuck out there and it's 70 degrees below zero, like you'll die. Dude, imagine you fall asleep and it fucking goes out. And then you have to wake up the other people and A tell 'em. A lot of these guys aren't using matches to start fires either. 'cause you know, that's one of the things that survival will tell you is like, you're gonna run outta matches. You should learn how to start a fire without matches. So you have to learn how to start a fire with, with steel and flint and, you Know, I don't know how It's so fucking not easy, man.


There's some fire starters that you can get. Like, they're pretty good. Have you seen people do it? Like when you go hunting, hunting and stuff? I've done. You have? I've done it. Yeah. I've started fires with these little flint sticks. So it's like, it's like a piece of steel and a piece of flint. And there's these little things called fire starters. And some people make 'em too. One, one of the ways they make 'em is they take cotton balls, like cotton swabs and they soak 'em in Vaseline. And so then you take tinder. So you have like, some people use steel wool. Oh yeah. They use different things that you can, like there's, you can, you can make it with like shavings and dry the shavings out and then you slowly get little sparks onto those shavings and whew.


And then once you get it going, then you put some little sticks on. Then you put some bigger sticks on. Now you have a fire. Yeah. And they say that you should know how to do that because you don't want to be on that last match going fuck. Fuck. Yeah. Like you have to know how to actually start a fire. The the best way with tools. I tried to start a fire when I was in the Boy Scouts with the bow. I dunno if you ever did that one with like, there's a stick and you wrap. Oh yeah. And you do it like that, that or whatever. Back And forth and back and forth. I got Like caught Joe or whatever. I got it to smoke. I got blackness came out of it. I never got a fire. Damn. I never got it to the point where I could like light something on fire there. Yeah. But I was also dumb. I didn't realize you gotta like put little tiny pieces of wood down in there. Once it starts going then blow on it.


I didn't, I was, I thought it was a fire was gonna get going. Just fucking go. Huh? I thought that thing Was gonna Light fire. Eventually. Eventually. Yeah. It didn't Didn't What? In Scotland? Do you see any good music AC DC's from Scotland? Oh yeah. That's what I was thinking of earlier when we were talking for those. No, that's not them. S about to rock. Is that them Fire? Ac? DC is. Yeah. You son of a bitch. Why are You lying? Keep changing it. Well, they keep changing it. They Keep changing it. It's like Berenstein bears, you know? It's like the Mandela effect. Yeah. That's what it is. What?


Yeah. What's a famous band that is from Scotland then? Oh, take that Back. Two of the members are from Glasgow. So. Oh, It's Not an incorrect thought. Jimmy came at you hard. There SA little hard there. What else do they sing? Ac CDC. Long way to the top. Yeah. Pack in black pack Hell Bells. Yeah. Hells Bells. Yeah. Whole lot of Rosie. I haven't heard that one. I don't think a Whole lot of women. Yeah, you have, you have whole lot of Rose. You know that song? Maybe I have heard it. You never heard that song? Come on son. Say it again. Listen, Give gimme a little whole lot of Rosie. Whole lot of you gotta hear this. You never heard this song? There's No way you never heard this song.


This is a a this is a Bon Scott. Ac DC classic. The early days I block. That's a shit used, Wasn't it? Bon Scott Mom tell you story about A woman I know when it comes to loving steals the show. I never heard it. Pretty ain't exactly smile.


That's crazy dude. Come on. Those were the fucking days, dude. It's just picking up. Gimme a little more. Oh. Oh. We're in trouble already. I mean, it's his Show. We're in trouble. We are. It's your show. It's your show. That's true. We're in trouble, dude. Yeah. We're getting we we, yeah. We probably won't be able to play that. But what was it called? Whole lot of whole Lot. Edit that out. They will come for you. Did you see that Facebook put out new standards today for content moderation? No. I did see that they're supposed to, that, that Dana White was doing something with Mark Zuckerberg and that they were, he was Part of his board now And that they were gonna allow more free speech. That's what they said. They're Gonna allow more free speech and allow people to not be restricted to talk about things were hot button issues before.


That's great. And they're gonna remove, they're gonna remove the content moderation for a type of community notes. Facebook and Instagram. Get rid of fact check checkers. Get rid. The problem With fact checkers is there's been a lot of fact checkers that were just wrong. Right. And it's very ideologically based. Especially anything that has to do with climate change or anything that has to do with vaccines or anything that has to do with anything pharmacologically. Yeah. It says in a video posted along side a blog post by the company on Tuesday. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said third party moderators were too politically biased. And it was time to get back to our roots around free expression. But do you think they're real?


I I wonder if there's something else going on. 'cause if I find it hard to believe they're really willing to give up that bias. You know, like I start to, well, It's probably not good for business to keep that bias. They're they're, they're in a business, right. Their business is social media. And if Twitter sets the standard, which it clearly does. So Twitter is the most wild of all big platforms. You can get away with a lot of shit on Twitter. Yeah. That has not been the case with Facebook or Instagram. So you, and if Twitter continues to have the kind of engagement that it has because it lets people go wild. And I know there's a lot of criticisms about even Twitter's content moderation. But everybody has to admit it's certainly better than everywhere else. Yeah.


It's like, there's a dispute now about whether or not people should be demonetized. Right. Whether if you're allowed to speak on the platform, if they can say you're saying things we don't like, we're gonna be able to take away your, your ability to make money. But you're kind of censoring people in a way. Totally. Because you're, you're enforcing self-censorship. Yeah. 'cause they're not gonna say those inflammatory things anymore because then, then they need a Adrian Ditman account. Right. Right. Ah, Accounts Talk some shit blow a little steam off. Well, I wonder is talk A little shit about the government Is ai what if a but how do we know that the information in AI isn't being adjusted to fit whatever they want it to say?


Like, that's what I, one thing I always thought like it's Well, it is, It certainly is. Like that was the problem with Google's Gemini when it first came out. You know, Google's Gemini when it first came out, they said make images of Nazi soldiers. They had multicultural Nazi soldiers. Did you see that? Uhuh? Oh, you have to see it. You have to see it. You gonna freak out. They had all types of Nazi soldiers. They Had black Nazi soldiers. They Had Hadda, native American, Nazi. Oh. At Least everybody was doing that. They Had Hadda, Chinese Nazis. You at least I wanted this Prove so dumb. But it's like, that's what you try to be woke and you attach it to everything. Look, oh, well, you're not representing reality. I said, show me vikings not Chinese midgets. Like, what are you doing? Like what are you doing? Why, why are you showing me this?


Like, 'cause it's woke is not reality. And if you do that with ai, like look at this, look at those images. Look at that. It looks like guy's from fucking Nigeria. Wow. In the lower left hand corner. Look at the Native American lady with her braids. That's so crazy. That's a Nazi soldier. He's A cutie Kind of, she is kind of cute. It's, but look at that. That's nuts. Or, so if that's artificial intelligence, that's not intelligent at all. Right? Because you're, you're ignoring the reality of what a Nazi looked like. Right. But you'd only need a couple generations that it feels like to end up just brainwashing every, you know, it's a hundred Percent. Like that's the thing that's super scary. It's like instead of controlling what, what people write, you control what the paper will say. Right. 100%.


It's almost like controlling. He who controls the ai controls the, the narrative of the whole country. And it's gonna be smarter than you and me. Like you and me. If we have an opposition to something, maybe we could say it in a funny way. Maybe we can like relate to people 'cause they know the way we think. But AI is gonna be way better at communicating. So it's gonna be like, we're gonna look stupid. Like, have you ever Had Hadda debate with someone who's way smarter than you and they're making more points than you and you're stuck. Yeah. Your episode of l Wago, It's frustrating, right? But you, you like, you're trapped and you're like, ah, fuck, I can't really articulate this As well. Oh yeah. Most of my life is like that. Right. So imagine that, but with the smartest people in the world not being able to keep up. 'cause AI is going to literally be like, not just the smartest person in the world, but all of the smartest people in the world.


Yeah. Together. Wow. Fuck yeah. Yeah. That's that. I just worry then whoever controls that is gonna control everything. Exactly. And these fucking eggheads that are running us towards the edge of the cliff have to do what they're doing because China's doing it and they're stealing our data For sure. You know? But let 'em have it. What are they getting? They're they're, They're replicating our research. They're making AI as well. They're way ahead in a lot of stuff, man. Way ahead. China's way ahead in drone technology way ahead. But what is, somebody could, like, I sometimes I, I guess with drone they can come and I guess eavesdrop, they can see what's going on At commercial drones. Okay. I don't know what the military has. And this was like a big subject of the Sean Ryan podcast the other day.


Do you know about this? Yeah. They Had Hadda guy on there who came through and said that, oh, that livers bird guy, The guy who supposedly blew himself up in the Tesla cyber truck in front of Trump Tower. Yeah. Right. So there's a guy who came on the Sean Ryan podcast and said that this dude Matthew Lisberger, is that how he said it was who apparently was on a television show 12 years ago with Tim Kennedy. Oh yeah, I saw that Green Beret TV show where they did Green Beret. Shit. Pretty cool. Yeah. So this guy wrote this manifesto. He sent this not, I wouldn't say a manifesto, but a statement. And in that statement he had, there was no indication he was gonna blow himself up in that statement.


By the way. The statement was just talking about what he knew and what was the problem was that these Chinese drones are operating on this anti magnetic technology and that we have this technology as well. Was that the stuff That guy who came on here was, was talking about that time. Here's what he says. Here's, he says, what we've been seeing with drones is the operational use of GDIC propulsion systems powered by aircraft, most least recently, China in the East coast. But throughout history, the US only, only we in China have this capability. Our open location for this activity in the box is below. China has been launching them from the Atlantic, from submarines for years. But this activity recently has picked up.


As of now, it's just a show of force. And they're using it similar to how they use the balloon for signe and ISR, which are also part of the integrated calm system. There are dozens of these balloons in the air at any given time. So what, so what is, because of this speed and stealth of these unmanned ac they're the most dangerous threat to national security that has ever existed. They basically have an unlimited payload capacity and can park it over the White House if they wanted. It's checkmate. Wow. US government needs to give the history of this, how they're employing it and weaponizing it, how China is employing them and what the way forward is China's poised to attack anywhere in the East coast.


Do you think that this is just, this seems to me also like a fear tactic. It could be. It could be. You know, because it feels big when someone releases a letter like that and then blows themselves up where they don't have a chance to talk about and shot himself in the head with a fucking desert eagle. You ever seen a desert Eagle Uhuh? It's a giant overkill of a gun. Really? It's like a 50 caliber pistol. What is the, is it Desert Eagle 50 caliber? Yes. I, I, they, I don't know. I mean, they found the Desert Eagle. I don't know if they officially said that's what we using. Oh, but didn't they say that he shot himself in the head? They Said there was a gunshot wound of the head of the victim in the Car. And it was the worst too, because Oh yeah. They didn't even claim it was him yet.


Right. Wow. They haven't really, no, because the DNA is so destroyed. I mean, he's cooked, so they have to, you know, sample DNA and then run it through a lab and then figure out if it's him. Fuck. They think they believe it's him though. Right. It's so crazy how when something happens now, it's like there's, we get the news so fast, right? And we get video footage of it fast. Like we get a lot of things fast that you don't, you start getting so many ideas of what's happened and so many like angles and lanes and you've had two podcasts come out from different people before you even get anything from like the authorities. Right? Right. But then you feel like you can't even trust the authorities anyway. It's so wild how we just are having to piece, everyone is kind of piecing together for themselves what has happened every time.


That's Crazy. So that's, that shows what Jesus, it actually looks like when a 50 caliber shoots a, a skull that's wrapped up in that ballistic show. Show It one more time. Can we show this? You think? Yeah. Watch this. Boom. It just gets destroyed. That's a, it's a enormous round. I mean it's, it's massive overkill to shoot yourself in the head with one of those. But the question is, why would you use a cyber truck? Because one of the things about a cyber truck is if you're trying to do damage, a cyber truck is way more robust than most trucks. I mean, you can't even, they're bulletproof. Yeah. You know, I should try to shoot an arrow through one of 'em out here. Yeah. Which is the worst thing ever to say about a vehicle I drive. I have a cyber truck and it's the, because in everybody's like, oh, is it fucking bulletproof bitch?


You know, they wanna Shoot at your Truck. Everybody's like, yeah, of course. Look at this metal. Queer people would yell at me and shit. Like, you're like, what is going on? Like, that's so weird. Just crazy. I mean, but people want to challenge it. Yeah. They don't like it. There's a lot of people that either love those things. I'm on that side or hate 'em. That's my whole family. Oh Yeah. They're fucking ew. They think they look gross. I feel a little embarrassed when I get out of it sometimes. Or when I have to get back in it. It's a Statement. I, well, I got it like five years. I wanted it so bad. And you can put down a hundred bucks and say you had one kind of, you know? Right. Like I got one on order. Yeah. I Got one on order. Right. Everybody had one. But the thing that you always feel like you're working for Lowe's, but you're never dropping off whatever You're supposed to drop off too. You feel like you're in a pickup truck.


Yeah. I feel like I'm always like, like I've got a you a pickup truck. Actually, that's a good point. I feel like I've always got a washer dryer, but I've just don't know how to, it just, it has a feeling to it. Like I work for a Home Depot stuff and I'm delivering a Whirlpool stuff. Yeah. Like I something heavy. Yeah. What's so heavy? I Always How was that feeling? That feeling? Refrigerator. It feels like, Bro, if you get an accident with that thing, you're gonna do something. Damage. Dude, I'll tell you what you don't want to do is get stuck in rural Mississippi having to charge that bitch. Did you? Yeah, no. During the holidays? Oh no. What'd you do? Oh Dude. Well first of all, I pull up And this must circle you at coyotes. Oh Dude, it was crazy. People Were coming by looking at it, you Know, remember their engines from a distance.


Yeah. Challenging your technology. People Were like, women were like, who? Who were like barren Were like rubbing their ies against it and stuff. Like really had like, I remember people were like tr thinking it had magical powers. Some brother came right up. Right. I Had Hadda, I had the window cracked. He ordered two black and mild from me. Like, I was like, I was like, I'm just charging. Like lemme get too black and mud. Eh. You know, like it, I was in a like, you can't even imagine where I, where I was town. Probably 600 people. How did they have a charger? This one place Had Hadda charger. It was like an IGA or something. How long did it take you to charge that whole cyber truck? It took me two hours to just get enough to get out of there. Like Just How many miles did you get with two hours worth of charging?


I would bet I got 40 miles. That's It. Yeah, it was, it was a tough, I mean, it took me half the day to get back to my mom's in Baton Rouge. Wow. See that's the problem with long distance. Unless you go to a place that has like cities where they have the superchargers. Yeah. Well I then when I drove back to Nashville, I hit like ones that had 300, 2 50 kilowatt hours. One has 400 kilowatt hours as a Mercedes dealership. Wow. So how quick would that charge you Up? That thing will charge you up I bet in about 45 minutes. It's still long. All the way to 320 miles. That's Still a long fucking time. Dude. I plugged it in at my buddy's house. It gave me two miles an hour. So in the mor I woke up six hours later and I had 12 miles. That's so crazy.


Yeah. So that was, but that was just like a, like a lamp. Yeah, yeah. Basically. Yeah. It was enough. Takes a lot of Electricity. Enough power to read by basically. Do you really save money though? Have you ever looked at that? Like it, like much, I was think paying on gas versus how much does it cost for Electricity? I don't think you really save any money. And especially if you have to charge on one of those trips, then it costs, like, it's pretty expensive to charge up. Like, it's not more than gas, but it's probably half the price. Dude. And then this was the worst thing. So in Louisiana they put a couple chargers back behind this church's chicken. Right? Like, You're like, oh, I gotta Tell you about this shit, dude, You get some hand movements in here. Well look Dude, it's like soon as you start doing this, like I know you got a point.


This was my holidays dude. It was tragic. So I get off, I get they got a church's chicken, right? So to drive the, the chargers are behind the church's chicken for some reason. But there's no lane to just drive back to the church. You have to get in the to go lane of the church's chickens. You have to go in. So there's a big line at the church's chicken, right? So I get in line, I have to wait in line to go to the lady at the order thing. You know, it's like, take your order at the to-go order. And I'm like, I'm just going to the charger. So then I go back there and now I have to like meander back and forth, like back and forth to get my car to park. And there's hardly any room. Now I'm just facing the people who are waiting in line to pick up their chicken.


And there's two, two types of people in the world. There's like people that wait in line at a church's chicken in a drive through to get food and people who have a electric vehicle. Right. They're just, they're two different people. Very. Oh. So all these people are like, look. And then I Had Hadda leave, right? So I sit there in charge. I Had Hadda leave. Some lady is like, wouldn't let me back in line 'cause she didn't want me getting her chicken right. She's like, you ain't getting my chicken. And I'm like, I fucking, I don't want your chicken. Right. I'm just trying to get outta here. Just Try. But there was No way to go around the line like you Had Hadda get in the line to they Oh, That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of. So, so you Had Hadda order chicken in order to use their electricity?


No, but I Had Hadda promise a lady, I was not gonna get her chicken. Dude. Wow. I'll give you $11 not to ever fucking even get any chicken from this place. 11. That's not enough. Or 27 or whatever. It just made me mad, dude. But anyway, just that whole, but just How fast was that charger? That charger was pretty quick. It was 250 kilowatts an hour. I'd say about an hour. Hour and 15 minutes. You could charge her And you were ready to go. An hour and 15 minutes. I got outta there pretty, I got outta there early. I cut out early, but it was just a lot. Man. I love driving to Tesla around town because I know I'll be able to park it at home or park it here and charge it. But if I Had Hadda go on a road trip, I would be very nervous. Yeah. I would say not do not do it. That's what I would Say. Also, it's like whatever the range is, like let's say the range is 360 miles.


Not the way I drive. Yeah. You're not getting that. You're getting two 20. Yeah, two 10. When you Accelerate on the highway and you're like, we, Oh, I pulled it into a charger with four or five miles left. Ooh. Right into that ditch. Then you, that's like a pedestrian. I don't give a fuck. Son. You're so close to being a pedestrian. You are like minutes on a wat tick, tick, tick, tick. Only from being a pedestrian. I'm like, from walking until you run outta water, tick to tick, tick, tick, tick. You're four minutes away. Fuck that dude. But that was about to, To rock fire. See this? You can call a tow truck. They can come with a tank of gas like that. But That one little come, They show up. You tip the guy. Thank you brother.


Appreciate it. Where's the nearest gas station? He hooks you up. You pay for the gas, you pay for his service. You give him a tip. Yeah, you drive to the gas station, bro. That's a 15 minute ordeal. Yeah, you're good to go. Filled up. You got fucking beef jerky. You get a mountain diet mountain dew. Hell, You're on the road. You got a bag of peanuts, you're not gonna eat. Oh dude, you're on the road, Son. Oh yeah. You gotta fucking, you're riding in your truck again. Oh yeah. You're ready to fart and huff it. Oh Yeah. We're talking about farting in the earlier episode. Guys. I wonder if there's been a study on the drop in IQ from huffing your own farts driving trucks. It can't be good for you. Or animals would do it can't be. You don't wanna say, or you would see, I guess caved animals probably do it.


It Can't be good for you. It just can't be. No. 'cause it's your body trying to say No way. And then your nose is like, yeah, Yeah. Yo, you know what's really bad for you? Scented candles. Really? Yeah. I was reading about this. They're trying to figure out why there's been an uptick in lung cancer from people that don't smoke and they're trying to figure out what it is. And they think it's, there's a combination of factors burning toxins, some cooking oils when burn create like problems and people inhaling like, especially for prolonged periods of time, but also candles. Like candles are not good for you. Those scented candles. You're getting a bunch of funky chemicals.


You're so if you have a one bedroom apartment, right, you got a little bedroom and you got like 10 candles in there. 'cause you like looking sexy. You know, you like to listen to fucking moody music. Yeah. You know, You like to lay on your back and jerk off with your legs in the air like that. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like some Weirdos. Yeah. Listening to PJ O'Rourke. Listen to show host. Yeah. I wanna get moody. Dude. That has to be the, the craziest way to jerk off is laying on your back legs in the air, right? Yeah. Legs in the air. Yeah. Asshole to God. Oh, That's crazy. Hold on. And some one of my buddies like, yeah, sometimes I'll put a pillow under my butt.


I'm like, what is that? I don't even feel comfortable stretching like that when I'm alone. Oh. You know, I stretch like that when I'm alone, I lie on my back and I get both my ankles and I pull 'em down like this to work on my kicking flexibility. Oh dang. I brother, I don't even feel comfortable doing that, but I'm by myself. Just me by myself. Yeah. Stretching Out. That's how walk My legs like this. Like we That's hitchhiking for the devil right there. Right? That's what I'm saying. I'm, I'm giving off a message to the demons in the world. This,


In the summer of 1994, fourteens entered an abandoned building in Graves in Brooklyn. It was the last time they would be seen alive with few clues and no witnesses. The case went cold. But for Anthony Brewer, the brother of one of the victims, the search never stopped. In 2024, he acquired evidence from the police that contained DNA samples that didn't match the teens. That discovery put his life and the life of his family in grave danger. Goosebumps, the vanishing all episodes now available on Disney Plus and Hulu. On Disney plus.disney.com. Rated TV 14. LV


episode is sponsored by PrizePicks. Do you love firing on sports? PrizePicks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. It's the one I like. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win and receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed you can fire on all your favorite sports like the NBA and F-L-U-F-C and many more. Instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. Each player has a set projection and you either choose more or less than that set projection. For example, you could choose Anthony Edwards and more than 16 points. Or you could choose Bronny James and less than two rebounds. If you are smart with sports and you know what players are going to perform on what nights, then PrizePicks is the best app for you. If you can gamble safely, First time users, download the PrizePicks app. Use code. Theo and PrizePicks will instantly give you $50 on your first lineup of $5 or more. No strings attached. Put in $5 and instantly get a free $50. PrizePicks.


This episode is sponsored by PrizePicks.


If you love Bitcoin or cryptocurrency, then I've got the right thing for you. Introducing Moonpay your express lane into the wild world of cryptocurrency. Bitcoin's been on a tear and if you're thinking about diving into that digital treasure chest, Moonpay has got your back. Moonpay isn't just another player. They've got the experience to make buying crypto as smooth as a freshly paved road. I've had my ups and downs with crypto once got so hooked, I was checking prices more than my own pulse. That's true. Every few minutes you're just rattling looking at the charts. I sold it all a few times, but like a boomerang. I'm back. Thanks to Moonpay. Track your favorite cryptos with Moonpay custom watch list. Whether it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, or something more exotic. You might be wondering, is Moonpay safe? Well, there's securities like Fort Knox and their support team. Well, they're like your personal crypto bodyguards available all day every day. So if you're looking to get into crypto, there's no better place than Moonpay. Head over to Moonpay dot com slash th to sign up. That's Moonpay dot com slash theo. Or search Moonpay in the app store. This isn't financial advice. Trading crypto carries risks and you could lose your investment. Moonpay is here to facilitate, not advise.


You know, I'm still kind of recovering from the holidays, to be honest with you. I'm a slow recoverer. I didn't want the year to start. I just wasn't ready. You know, and before you turn around, they're just, they're people are celebrating the ball drop and there's gas in the New Year tank and Vroom, you're off. You know, and I have to ask myself, what does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 41,000 businesses have future-proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle. The number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform with real time insights and forecasting, you're able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the c s Guide to AI and Machine Learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash t. That's N-E-T-S-U-I t.com/theo NetSuite dot com slash theo.


Do you think demons are real? Oh yeah. I believe that there's, I I believe that there's good and evil. Yeah, I Do too. And some of it I believe is, might be our own individual wars. You know? And I believe that there could be a group war. I'm amazed that at a group level we don't start to say, Hey, this stuff is evil and let's not do it. Right. Right. But I think that's where like temptation and all that comes in and Yeah. I think it's pretty fascinating. Sometimes I'll wake up with and look at my life as like, wow, this is a war I'm in. This is a and I am the, the, the, the guy who's leading my vessel or whatever, you know, or there is doing my best. You know, doing my best. That is kind of what it is.


There's a lot of that, right? You're in a war of choices. You're in a war of decisions and you're a war of good behavior and, and detrimental and destructive behavior. And you know when, I mean especially guys like you that have gone through periods of addiction, you know that's always a war of temptation in your mind. Yes. There's always gonna be that there. There's always gonna be smelling salt. Oh, I'll hit it. I'll hit it. There's always gonna be smelling salt. Bring you. This is, this is the dark road. This is, everybody wants to talk about gateway drugs. Oh don't you bring out a new one. You son of a bitch. You got a new, this one's strong enough. Jamie.


Let's check. Is that Strawberry? Make sure it's so strong. No, no. The, I'm trying to find flavored ones. The thing is this, they're so scary when they bring the new ones out. Like I'm scared of the new ones. The scare. Oh, this one's so strong. It is. Oh my god, this is so Strong, bro. I can already, Oh Feel a little of that. God Let me ride. You know What the difference is, Jamie? Let me ride that little bitch. You know what the difference is? This one, I kept this on it. Oh. I didn't even realize I was doing it. But I kept that on it and that it was sealed. I was laying on my back in 69. This thing brother. It's hard to getting me strong, Joe. Quiet. How sorry was that? Don't look at me when I do it. Hit it. Hit it. I didn't get enough. You Didn't get enough.


Nope. Holy you. You didn't inhale. You got scared. You missed, you're Right. Oh my God. Oh my God. No, no, you don't do that. You don't do that. Well you just did. Scared everyone. Take a break. Take a break. I'm sweating. I'm sweating too because of that. Sorry. How are you? Are you okay bro? You just changed timelines because of you. Justin Trudeau resigned because of that. Get me another hit before that. Before you did that it was a different timeline. Trump didn't win. Trudeau didn't resign. Mark Zuckerberg didn't start doing jiujitsu. That's part of what happened. By the way, I'll tell you.


Oh for a fact. Mark Zuckerberg started doing jiujitsu and nothing turns you into a libertarian like jiujitsu. Really? Oh yeah. Yeah. Nothing turns you into a person who like really values hard work and discipline and struggle like juujitsu, huh? Because the exposure of character on a level that like there's not nothing else is like it. Wow. I hadn't thought about that that much. Yeah, You, because you expose character in a way that it's almost impossible even with other martial arts because with other martial arts you can only spar so much. Man, believe me. 'cause I spar too much. You spar a lot. You get hurt and you get hurt. Eventually you get dinged up to the point where your brain is just not firing so well anymore.


Like I was reading this horrible story where they're talking about Parkinson's and Muhammad Ali's daughter was talking about, she remembers when she was young, when he fought Leon Spinx the second time she could tell afterwards that he talked different. Oh. Oh. You know It's gotta be tough for a kid, huh? Oh my God. Imagine. And you probably pretend that he doesn't because you don't wanna hurt his feelings or whatever. Well you, You must be so scared if you're a kid and your father is a fighter. That has to be so terrifying. Yeah. Especially watching your f I've seen people that bring their kids to a fight and then they get flatlined and you see the, the terror in the kid's eyes where their father is fucking laid out unconscious bleeding from his mouth.


A doctor's holding his head up and his feet are twitching. Yeah. And sometimes the kid doesn't even know if the dad won or not. He's still cheering and you're like, this is, doesn't make any sense dude, this kid Is crazy. Well that kid might have other problems. That kid might be already sparring already. Yeah. That might have that kid sparring young. There's an argument for sparring young. 'cause he can't hurt each other. Oh yeah. Sometimes I'll see like reels on the internet of, on social media of kids that are young spar. It's really funny. Sometimes they don't know, know what to do. Well as long as they learn control, they gotta learn control. But if they learn control when they're young and they learn not to hit each other hard, but just to do it fast, man, they can get so good because they don't hurt each other the way, the way adults hurt each other.


Yeah. Like once you get to be like 170 pounds, man, you can generate a lot of force. And so if you're sparring hard with another guy that's 170 pounds, you're blasting each other in the face and the legs and the body. It's like, oh God, you do so much damage. Yeah, so much damage. But little kids don't do that kind of damage. They just slap each other a little. Pap pap pat. They just tap each other. It's like a good way to learn. Oh, if I could go back and be a kid, Is that what you Do? I mean, I would slay because you, if you could go back in time being a kid, think of all the stuff you would do. Well lemme tell you this. If you were 90 years old right now. Yeah. God, if I go back in time when I was 44 And limber. It's true. Huh? That's what you would do. Like back in time Theo Von for 2025. Oh my god.


I should have taken Juujitsu back then. I could have been a badass in 10 years. If you took Juujitsu right now by 54, you could be a black belt. You think I could 100%. Yeah. You're an addict. All you have to do is get addicted to Juujitsu. Yeah. That's what happens to a lot of addicts. They get addicted to running become marathon runners. Like my friend John Joseph, he became an Iron Man guy. Just started doing Iron Man. What About Goggins? Was he a, did he ever suffer with addiction? I don't know if he did or not. Addiction. Oh yeah, that's right. Huh. Yeah, I think we all have that. What? I get sugar sometimes. I'll Sugar's a good one. God, I just want something. My look a Gatorade, is that a sugar free Gatorade or a Regular? I told 'em to get su. It's sugar free zero. I asked him to get sugar free. You is good. You want a little bit of it? No. Yeah. You Want to hit, you want a taste of this whiskey Dude, you want a gram of this shit, dude.


I would get So I've just been getting so dehydrated. First of all, why is dehydration more of a thing now? Dude, when I was growing up, nobody was like, we were talking about that. The other other podcast. And we just, that's why this is important. If you gotta listen, you gotta listen to both podcasts. Yeah. And listen to that one first. 'cause we started talking about dehydration, but then you got, I think you started talking about zebras or something. I did, yeah. You went off in a different, now You, you went off in a different direction dude. He Started talking about bombs And you haven't met aliens. You haven't met you. Dude, I gotta introduce you to you. You're gonna, you're gonna be in or you're gonna be intrigued. I'd be fascinated. But no, I think, what was I saying?


Hydration is important though. That's why electrolytes, electrolytes are important. Why is it a big thing now? Like you remember saying years ago, nobody was like 10 years ago was like, people were like, yes, stay hydrated. But nobody was like electro. There wasn't this big crazy thing about, well there Was once they figured out Gatorade. So do you, do you know what the original Gatorade ingredients were? It was like citrus juice. Like lemon juice, salt, sugar and water I believe. Pull up, pull that up. So this was a criticism that someone was bringing up on one of them Instagram reels. And they were talking about the original Gatorade versus the Gatorade that they have now with all these crazy dyes and the color blue and all these fucking, all the weird shit. Like Gatorade didn't used to be like that.


Gatorade was just like a hydration drink That was pretty fucking good. Pretty fucking good. Yeah. Like hydration drinks are legit electrolytes. That's a legit thing. You know, you really do need, you need sodium, you need magnesium, you need, you Need electrodes, trace minerals. Yeah. All that stuff's fucking really good for you. And when you sweat a lot, it helps to replenish it in your body. Do You think, do you believe in that hydrogen water stuff? Yeah. Where it's like you charge water. Yeah. It's legit. It is. Yeah. I thought I drink it Right after you make it. The original Gatorade invented in 1965 by ufs. Is that University of Florida? Yeah. Robert Cade consisted of glucose, sodium, potassium and water.


That's it. So sodium, potassium, water and some sugar. The same formula we use for oral rehydration in cholera, it worked, but it tasted like tiger piss. Then Pepsi bought Gatorade and Michael Jordan sweetened it with high fructose corn syrup. And voila. Michael Jordan brought us into the high fructose corn syrup maze. It was it. Yeah. I remember he was the best ever. Who's done better with sneakers than That guy? Nobody. Jordan's it became his name. But I'm saying it became a thing like it's, it's a part of a brand that's a huge brand and it's bigger than the brand. Yeah. Jordan's are bigger than Nike's. Like if you have Nike's on, that's one thing. If you have Jordan's on like, oh he's got Jordan's On.


That's wild. Huh? The Theo V's. Wearing Jordans. Look at that. Yeah. I've never been a big shoe guy. Really? I got these jelly roll shoes on. He gave me, Oh, those are tight. These are like, hey dudes. They're called. Oh Yeah, I got a pair of those. But they're men. They're really men slippers. And it's some of something about it. You're wearing Slippers. It's like, lemme go. Whatcha Are gonna do if you have to fight. Not put these on and go out on the porch. The porch. I can see Theo scrapping on the porch. By the way, I've seen more fist fights online over the last three years than I have in my entire life. Yeah. My entire life of actually seeing street fights my entire life of being out in comedy clubs and nightclubs and bars and seeing street fights.


I've seen more in the last three years than all that combined. Do You feel like we get a an unrealistic view of reality because of all the stuff that we see online? You do. Yeah. But if you don't go and see an actual bar fight, you don't know reality. Like I remember I was 21 years old. I was in Boston and I went to this bar and I saw this dude break a Heineken bottle on this dude's face. I don't remember what they were arguing about. The dude did it so quickly outta nowhere. His first move was break a Heineken bottle on this guy's face and just cut this guy's face wide open. It was, blood was pouring down his face. I was like, that is crazy. And I was as close to That guy is as I am to Jamie.


It was, it was right there at the bar. I watched it all go down. I was like, that's, and it Put in my head like, don't ever talk shit to somebody at a bar. Yeah. Like deescalate always Too many weapons around because well Just, there's people out there that will just break a fucking bottle over your face. Especially if you threaten them. I don't know what That guy said. I don't know what happened. Yeah. I just saw the act of the guy breaking. I saw, I heard loud arguing and then smash And did the guy make a sound when he hit him or anything like that? I don't remember. Just, I, I just remember blood. The blood was instant. It just gushed down his face. Yeah. I mean he, this guy got ruined for life. He has a giant scar in his face for the rest of his life. For sure. There's No way he doesn't, it was just his whole face Blood.


Did you Don't fuck with people, man. Oh yeah. I'm not fucking with anybody. I know You don't. But I don't for everybody else listening, don't fuck with people. Yeah. Especially if you're at a bar too. Shit is wet that I don't, I don't like to be in places where people are real drunk because shit can get too weird. It makes me, it makes me nervous. I think a Hundred percent people Do Stupid fucking things when they're drunk. Yeah. That could ruin the whole rest of their life. Just being hammered. Imagine how many people have just sobered up and been like, you're lying. I did that happen? And they don't even have any memory of it. I was watching this video that I just saw on Instagram the other day of this guy who was a former mohai fighter in Mexico. And he got in a fight with these dudes and just started K ing dudes left and right.


He s like four or five dudes and one of 'em died. 'cause this is one of the things that I tell people all the time. Absolutely happens in street fights. You knock a person out, they fall down, they bounce their head off the concrete and they fucking die. And it happens all the time. It happens all the time. And it ha So in 25% of the people this guy knocked out, one of 'em died. So 25% of 'em died. One out four. He kos all four of them. One dude never wakes up and now he's charged with murder. Fuck. Have you seen the video? It's pretty impressive. No. And the guy's just defending himself. Yeah. These guys are coming after him and he just starts flatlining them damn blap. He's got a good right hand.


Did you, did you see any UFC fire or any fighting when you were in Scotland? What did you do for fun when you were there? Oh, there was no UFC fights. Have you seen that video, Jamie? I can send it to you if you want. Who's a Scottish fighter? Paul Craig. Is he Scottish? Yeah, he's Scottish. He's a bad motherfucker. Yeah. He's got one of the greatest triangles in the history of the sport. That guy's triangles off the charts. I know. I sent it to Tommy. Me and Tom, Toms gora sent each other everything fucked up, including that. I Saw him this, this morning Explosion, which I'm, I also saw that that lady get body slammed. Did you see that one, Jamie? Well, I mean, you didn't see that lady get body slammed. I don't know what specific time you're talking about. I've seen It video of That before. Some lady punches this guy in the face and the guy body slams her.


Is it that pen? It wasn't that Pentecostal deal, was It? No, this one is in, I think it's in Toledo, Ohio. And they're out in the middle of the street. And this lady is yelling at this dude's girlfriend. So I just sent it to you. Jamie ba. Oh Jesus. That's another one. Ooh. Ooh. Oh. He picked that woman up and slammed her like that. Wow. That seems, first of all, weight class. That's a catch weight, huh? Oh, That's so awful. That's so awful. Oh my God. Damnit Jesus Christ. Fuck. That's not the one I'm talking about. You got the one I'm talking about is I just sent it to you, Jamie. You gotta be careful man. You should. This one, the lady punches the guy in the face though. The guy's trying to deescalate.


He tries to walk away and the lady says, get the fuck outta my face. And then she punches him in the face and the dude picks her up and just slams her. Oh my God. And she, her boyfriend was in the car the whole time. She's calling out to the boyfriend in the car and the dude does not get outta the car. I was like, Nope. She's like, you go ahead and fuck, look it. Gimme some volume and go full screen. Watch this. Get outta the fucking car. You wanna ride my fucking ass? Get outta the fucking car, bitch. Get out. I don't fucking get out. I didn't touch your fucking car. You fucking bitch. You were on my gun. Come and touch me. 'cause my man's right fucking here. Come and put your fucking hand on me. I ain't driving crazy.


Your bitch on my goddamn ass. I went your fucking other lake. Get outta my face. See Bitch. Fuck up. Oh, That's why you gotta go to a meeting, dude. I've go to a meeting before I do this shit. Okay, just for the record. That's a Mazda thing, huh? No, it's Looks like a Cadillac. Look. A shitty old Cadillac for the record. That that lady could die. Yeah. Like you could die from that. Like if her head banged off the concrete. I'm not sure if it did, but if it did with the weight of all of his body and her body, like that shit is very dangerous. Oh, Look how much we heard it from here.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean that shit fucking, He was charged with assault and battery by means of dangerous weapon causing serious bodily injury. Vandalizing property, an unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle. The man involved was arrested, but he wasn't driving. Yeah, that Blows me up, man. I'm not, this Is just what someone posted below. That could be, it might not be true. The woman suffered injuries but was released from the hospital. Oh, The thing is, is like she assaulted him first, right? Oh yeah. It doesn't, it seemed like they would get that figured out, But doing that. Oh, he did bang her head for sure. Or Oh Yeah. Well you'd think, yeah, look at that. That's super dangerous. Super fucking dangerous. Like that's, yeah, man, that's even more dangerous than knocking somebody out.


I mean, that's horrible. That's the kind of stuff you Could 100% kill somebody doing that. 100%. Well, People wanna do dangerous stuff. Did you see there's a woman that just died petting an elephant, trying to pet an elephant, I think in Thailand. Well, we watched Jamie, if you don't mind a Guy get trampled by an elephant. Recently you Did. Oh, It was awful. This elephant got tired of this guy ordering it around and just folded this dude up and just squashed him. And you see him trying to get away and it just squashes his head. You're like, yo, Spanish woman killed by elephant in Thailand while bathing animal, Oh, by the way, I did that. You did It. I didn't get in the bath them, but my family did. We in Thailand rode the elephants. And I was like, I don't think this is cool.


I, they thought, oh, this is so beautiful. This is what happens. You go to this elephant reserve, like, it's like they rescue these elephants, by the way, the elephants are completely free range. So they're wandering through the jungle. So while you're there, you hear trees branching, branches snapping, and you see elephants just making their way through the jungle to this group. And then they feed them sugar cane. So you feed these elephant sugar cane. So you give 'em a bunch of sugar cane and then you clean them. So you wash the elephant and you say nice things to it. Yeah. And you develop this little relationship with the elephant. Oh, beautiful. And then you ride the elephant through the jungle, the elephant takes you, and then a, at the end of it, you bathe the elephant.


Right? You get the elephant in the water, like teamwork or whatever. Wash 'em, you're, you're basically being nice to them. They're being nice to you. They're letting you ride them. You give them free food and you give 'em a little massage. But I made a video about it, I think. When Does it go skew? Yeah, I definitely did. I was like, I don't recommend it. Yeah. I was like, it's cool. 'cause like I was hanging out with this elephant and the video, like, they're really sweet creatures. They're so gentle, but they're so big and they just, they're deciding not to kill you. Right. You know? And, and you're riding them, which is like, why do you have to ride them? Like Why, why do we have that fat, that ation with people that want to take pictures of like, you know, let me pet this newborn cheetah. Right? Let me bottle feed this fucking senior citizen tiger.


You know what I'm saying? There's always like, yeah, let me breast, let me bathe this an elephant. You know, let me, well, the Tigers are all drugged up too. That was another thing we did in Thailand. You Gotta be careful, dude. The tigers are Drugged up, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Super drugged up. So this is what it is. It's like you go to these tiger, I Think couldn't tiger Sanctuaries. What? You can, you certainly get on tigers in Thailand. Oh, Thailand. So you go to this place and they have kit, they have little kittens. So the kittens, the tiger cubs. Yeah. They're different. They're super active. Like they're biting things and playing with each other. And You can touch 'em and Yeah, You, oh good. You can touch 'em. Okay. But then when they get slightly older, you can be in the cage with them. But there has to be a dude with a stick. A dude with a stick is standing between you and this small tiger.


Fuck. Now whose team is he on? Oh, it's so crazy. It's so crazy. It's so crazy. And he's on your team? Yes. Okay. And this is a small tiger. This tiger is like 40 pounds. And then when they get bigger, then they have to drug them. So then when you get into the adult tiger, they're like this, like so obvious. And people are taking pictures, like sitting next to the tiger tigers literally like this. Like who? He has no idea what's going on. They keep all heroin outta their mind. The tigers don't move. And you realize they're drugged up and you get real sad. Yeah. And Out RFK iss gonna end that shit. I'll say that, dude, we're gonna have real active tiger. So I can attacking people. You Want a photo with the tiger? You gotta risk your life. But that's the thing, it's like, why do we have that infatuation though, of like, I want to take this with this cobra around my neck.


I want to take this, you know, that's a good question. You can't like get these things where you want pet a tiger. You want to, you know, brush a lion's teeth. You want to tickle a cyst out in Akron or something without getting, you know, and sometimes people, you're gonna get attacked, you know what I'm saying? Attacked. Like, you gotta be careful. Yeah. But why do, what is that inside of us that makes us wanna do that? That I wonder Because it's scary. It's scary to pet a crocodile. So when a guy can like put his hand on the crocodile's face, you're like, whoa. Yeah. Do you ever see that one with the dude is like the crocodile grabs a hold of his arm and goes into a gator roll in front of the crowd. Oh, it's horrible. Rips his arm off front of the whole crowd. I haven't seen that. What else was I gonna ask you about? What do you Think the drones are, Theo?


I thought it's just a bunch of fucking, I think it's a skip. What does a psyop mean? I always hear that Psychological operation. Okay. I think it's a psyop by somebody. I think it's, you know, yeah. It's a couple drones of a New Jersey. Whatever. I don't fucking know. I don't fucking know. It could be Jimmy John's is gonna have a new delivery thing they're gonna try next year. Who? I wouldn't be surprised at all. I wouldn't be surprised if Amazon's gonna do a new, I, I wouldn't be shocked at all. It could have been one of those, you know, they have those New Year's Eve displays, like fireworks displays now are drones instead of fireworks. So they'll have like a thousand drones and they just make a bunch of shit and it's different. Right. Yeah. I saw that at the Post Malone concert. It Could have been 11 people, 11 drones escaped from a drones in enslavement camp where they're forced to do these shows and it's gonna be a Pixar movie in two years.


You know what I'm saying? Like, so you're not concerned at all. I'm not concerned, dude. Look, if they're gonna come get me, come get me. Come get Me. Look At you. What are they doing? Who the who? Who are they? Who are They? These fucks? Yeah. They're gonna come, come get me. Come get me, bitch. Yeah. If they wanna get me, they know where I am. Yeah. They know why. Leave me alone, Huh? Yeah. Otherwise leave me alone. Don't make me look at you flying around the sky like asshole Fucking. Yeah. What are you doing up there? Come down here and fuck, if you wanna party, whoa. Or come down here and fucking party. Come down here and have a drink. Come down here and do something. You're a drone in the distance. Fucking looking at shit. Do you Think we'll ever get to a point where aliens are so comfortable with us, they can just come and hang out? Dude, I think earth to aliens is a dump. Dude. I think earth to alien.


'cause aliens go on vacation every year. Right. They're just like us. Right? And they take their kids on a trip or whatever. And the kids who were so poor, right? And I, and look, we were poor. My mom would take us to the beach when it was freezing cold and fucking wouldn't tell us, you know, fucking whatever dude. It was like, it seems cold. It's like whatever. So, well, and, but the, the aliens that don't care about their kids, whatever, they bring them here to fucking, they're like, oh. And the kid's like, we have to go to fucking earth, dude. Our life sucks. You know? Mm. Like the cool alien kids go to all more neater shit, you know? Right. Does that make sense to you? Yeah. Yeah. That's the kind of thing I'm saying, man. Do you know Scotland actually has some of the most UFO sightings in the whole world?


Well, they had one of the best UFO sightings. They took photographs of it. It wasn't that movie program. Bridge Bonney Or whatever. What's it called? Bridge Brewery. Yeah. Think I saw it. Something like that. James Fox's documentary. The program. He was just here promoting it. And they showed the photo. And it's a photo from the 1990s that they got of this thing. There's apparently there was three photos. Bonnie Bridge. That's it. There Most UFO sights on the planet. Whoa. 300 per year. Think. But also, lemme tell you something. Those folks like to drank. I mean, they did, bro. They drank. Oh yeah. They have a weed drab. Have a weed drab. If someone says have a weed drab, that means it's time to get fucked up. This dude, dude, Paul poured me a shot of Irish whiskey that was like that thick. I was like, oh, we're gonna go.


They're Getting, we're Getting ready to go. Oh, he Working. Did they call you that have a weed drab Joseph? They're the nicest people. They're the nicest people. And they're gay. I think they don't, they have a lot of gays over there either. If they, they have a lot of blue-eyed people over there. You know, that you Don't think they have a lot of gays. I don't know. What do you think they do with them? I mean, they have 'em. I bet they don't say that they're, that they're, I bet they're secretive. Nah, I don't think so. You don't think? I think they're pretty open-minded. In fact, I think they have a pretty government. I think they have a very woke government. They Wear a lot of kilts, that's for sure. Dude, there You go. It's close to gay wearing a dress. It's not, but it's like, what if a kilt says free awning on it. What if it's a rainbow kilt? Yeah. Do they sell, do they sell rainbow kilts? They probably do. It's Always raining.


What if it just says free awning on it? You're like, oh, that's, that seems like a trap, bro. Come dry your head off down here. But be, if it says kids on and you gotta be, that's fucking, Oh Yeah. Free toys under a Pretty cool dude. Hey, The tops empty. Jesus Christ. I'm just saying, dude, the Scottish, we need more of 'em, dude. And I believe that in the future we'll get more of 'em, Man. You think they're gonna breed a lot? Or do you think we're gonna like import people? They've had some explosions of population I know over the past like 50 years I think. Like, Oh really? Yeah, I think so. It's like A million people over there. There's nobody over There. Yeah, but they're getting more. I think The whole country is like 6 million people. Most redheads, most blue wide people.


Yep. Most redheads per cap as of 2022. The population of Scotland was 5.4 million. Yeah. Largest population ever recorded by Scotland. Census population grew by 2.7% since the 2011 census, which was slower rate of growth in the 4.6 increase between 2001 and 2011. They're smashing. They've been listening to Ed Sheeran brother. That's what's happening. Get the candles lit. Yeah, they're coming Back, Getting lung cancer and said, fuck it. Fuck it. Wanna keep an atmosphere going. They're making a comeback.


I think everyone has subscriptions that they've forgotten about. I've recently Had Hadda umbrella subscription just, just sending me every seven weeks getting another umbrella in the mail. Just stacking them up. And I didn't need it. I forgot I had it. Well, Rocket Money can help if you have on it Wanted subscriptions. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. That's what they do with Rocket Money's Dashboard. You can get a clear view of your expenses across all your accounts. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. And then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash THEO today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash theo Rocket Money dot com slash theo.


So it's a new year in 2025. And and one of the things about a new year is that it brings some new energy. It does. It's a, it's a, it's whether we look at it or not as a important, it's a refresher, right? It's a, it's something. Okay, let's start again. And that's why I think if you're considering starting a new business, that now is the time, now's the time to answer that question. How am I going to build something for myself? Well, Shopify is how you're going to make it happen. And let me tell you how the best time to start your new business is. Right now. Shopify makes it simple to create your brand open for business and get your first sale established in 2025 has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash t. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash t to start selling with Shopify today. Shopify dot com slash theo


life in general can be chaotic. But if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that that's its own special kind of chaos. But with ShipStation, you can count on your day to day remaining calm, save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. Save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. That's right. It's the fastest, most affordable way to ship products to your customers. With discounts up to 88% off U-P-S-D-H-L Express and USPS rates and up to 90% off FedEx rates. Wow. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code THEO to sign up for your free trial. That's ShipStation dot com code. Theo,


I Had Hadda question, do you think, Joe, about, do you, you think that Elon and Vik, Ramas Swami will really be able to have an effect on things? I'm interested to see. Elon's a very pushy man. Once he gets an idea in his head, you know, it's very difficult to get him off of it. I'm interested to see if they can do anything. I'm interested to see what the reaction is to it too. Like what, what, what kind of resistance is there to them trying to change things by The actual government elected officials. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna be interesting too. Like sometimes you find out more by resistance than you do from like we did with like the, we were talking about in the other podcast, the Trudeau thing with the truckers in Canada. When he went after the people that donated money to the truckers and he closed their bank accounts.


That's crazy fascism. I didn't know he did that. Yeah, that's crazy. Tyrannical overreach. That's, that's like really dangerous authoritarian government tactics. You close the bank accounts of people who donated to a peaceful protest. And so sometimes like in resistance you get to see what someone's really about. Yeah. You know? And so I'm interested to see, well, they're already trying to kill him, you know? I know. Two times. I think even after that they're like, we gotta let 'em keep going. That's the other weird one about the killing them thing. The trying to kill 'em is there, there's all these connections. This is the big tinfoil hat conspiracy thing. They're all connecting him to Fort Bragg. So there's three connections to Fort Bragg.


There's this guy who blew himself up, allegedly in the Tesla. There's the dude who tried to kill Trump on the golf course. He had visited Fort Bragg a hundred times. There's one other one. What's the other one That The New Orleans guy. Yeah, The New Orleans guy. Yeah, that's right. That's heartbreaking. The New Orleans guy who ran over those people in the street. That guy's from Fort Bragg as well. And so Praying for those groups, it's fucking Heartbreaking. Well people are really terrified of is the idea of mind control and that they train people that are very vulnerable. People that are all fucked up. They train these people to become hitmen and terrorists.


And there was an undercover camera thing. I'll send this to you Jamie, because you see it and you're like, what the fuck? These are real people where this guy is explaining how they do this and he's explaining how they take people and push them over the edge. Oh yeah. People that are maybe like a little bit lost and they give them a nudge to get them to, to do things. Well that all makes sense. I mean, just like religion can find you or just like, sure. The government can find you when you're Vulnerable. Anything. Yeah. PE something can find you when you're vulnerable. Well That's the kid that shot Trump. That's what a lot of people think that is too. The tinfoil hat conspiracy is that they found this very vulnerable kid.


He did a BlackRock commercial and then, you know, a year and a half later, whatever it was, he's shooting at Trump off of a Roof. Like, So listen to this. How up. So CIA agent explains how the government baits and tricks mentally unwell social media users into committing crimes they wouldn't normally com commit. And so it says, you set 'em up, You create the situation to where they have no choice but to act on their impulse. And once they act on that impulse, then we call that entrapment. We call it a nudge. A nudge. A nudge. Mm. Sometimes you just gotta give 'em quick little just to see what happens. Right. And how does that happen? You put a post out there or you have someone fake profile say something that triggers that.


We know it's gonna trigger them. Right. Like we, we already know your history. If we're to that point, we already know everything about it. So we're like, oh, this'll piss them off. Oh, sometimes you like diff f and just wait for it to follow. Yeah. Nothing like putting on a fake social media thing to like really get people mad post fake news. Sometimes it's me. It's not fake. That's Crazy. Polished a little bit. So this is the guy's name is Gavin O Lenni and says CIA contracting officer, former FBI, San Diego. Like is that to protect or serve? Like what is that for you? Imagine that government money is being spent to manipulate vulnerable people into doing things that they wouldn't ordinarily do.


That's crazy. I could totally imagine that. I mean that's what's scary about why Isn't always these chatty gay guys that get busted. Well this guy obviously it seems like was, was trying to flirt with whoever he is talking to to me. And I'm not saying the guy that's always what it is, is enjoys buddies or whatever. I'm just saying it seemed like that to me clearly. Yeah. Chatty gay guys. That's how they keep busting them. Yeah. They get hot guys on Grindr to go meet up with chatty gay guys. Yeah. I wonder how they set that up. I wonder if you have to have a bunch of verified fucks in order for people to take it. Like, where's your blue check mark? You gotta be really gay buddy. Yeah, you gotta get a pink check mark. Someone's fucked. You. All right. This guy's legit. Oh, And you think there's a lot of people being fake gays or whatever too? Oh yeah. Help the government.


Oh yeah. All that James O'Keefe stuff. Back when he was at Project Veritas, they'd always bust these gay guys. James O'Keefe, the author? No, no, No. The investigative journalist. Oh, I didn't see that. Very Controversial investigative journalist that does these undercover ops where he finds he gets one of his guys to wear a camera. I'm thinking of Robert O'Keefe I think. I don't know who you're thinking of. But James O'Keefe was with Project Veritas. Now he's got his own thing. What is it called? The James O'Keefe's. OMG something. OMG. Right. O'Keefe Media Group. Yeah. And so looking Into this guy, he might, that might Might be a bullshit artist. He Might have been lying just so he could get laid, you Know?


That's what I felt like. A hundred percent. This guy seems like just What someone claim to look into him and said he didn't work There. He's VA employed Advanced medical support assistant. Okay. It says this guy's my age. He was checking in patients at the VA when I started as an FBI agent. And that was 10 years older than many. In 2022 he was the secretary at the FBI Be skeptical people. Geez. Yeah. So he might be just, well it seemed like he was, but also he probably does know how they do it. Maybe he's not even saying that he does it because he has a low position. But if he's explaining how the FBI does it and he does work for the FBI, It makes sense. Do you think we can trust our FBI anymore?


I think you can trust some of them, but the FBI is like people and people in positions of power. They, they get corrupted, some do get corrupted. Some are great patriots. It's just like everything else man. And the CIA, the same thing I think With every fucking group of people that are in power that don't have a lot of oversight or were, the organization itself has been corrupted. You know, there's a lot of people that think the FBI back in the day, not the same people alive today of course. But that had something to do with Martin Luther King's assassination. Oh yeah. You know, there's a lot of people that think they had something to do with Malcolm X's assassination and Black Kennedy. Yeah. There's a lot of fucking theories. And I don't know the, the truth. I don't know the truth. But when you look in the January 6th thing and you said that the F didn't they admit they had 26 agents there?


Is that what they admitted to Jamie? Because it's the most recent discussion about what actually took place in January 6th. Like how many of those people this article's Talking about, this is 2020. I just wonder what 20 agents, what starts to happen if you don't, if as a society you don't believe in trust in, I believe that the, the trust overall in government and government and authority and in America really as a whole is kind of starting to dissipate Along with the trust in the media. So the same time Both things. So then what ha so where did, has that ever happened in history? And then I'm sure it has. And where do we go from here? Well I guess it's a, we've never lived in a time, it's a bigger Question.


When you say, has it ever happened in history? I sure things have fallen apart before, but has it ever come back together again? Maybe not, but maybe it didn't have the internet back then. Right. So what people are looking at, like with Trudeau resigning and Trump winning and then, you know, all this talk of Robert Kennedy getting in the Make America healthy again movement like that we might be able to see legitimate change. This go around. Like with Vivic and Elon being in charge of government efficiency. We might be able to see, I'm hopeful. I'm really hopeful for the first time in a long time. But I'm curious to see what can actually get done. Who do they have to answer to? Vivic and Elon. Who do they have to? Good question. First present stuff to somebody said it was Marjorie Taylor Green. Is that true?


Or somebody who made that up? There Is, they're in, I met her at a party actually. Yeah. Did you? Yeah. I didn't know that it was her. I don't know like a ton about politics. But it was definitely interesting though. Sure Was. Tucker had that party for alp. He has like a new Yeah, His nicotine pouches. They're good. I haven't done 'em Legit, But yeah, it seemed cool. Mel Gibson was there. That was pretty cool. So I went without nicotine pouches for five days. See what that was like. What Happened When I tried the eights, when I came back, I got these loosies, these breakers, the eights. I couldn't take it. It was too much. 'cause five days off I was like, whoa, this is Too much. And what happened? You have to sit down somewhere. Did you just, I Gotta take it outta my mouth.


Then I switched to these threes. I'm on this athletic nicotine, these threes. Hmm. So I've been taking these while I do podcasts, but completely killed my desire to just pop them in throughout the day. Yeah. Because I was used to the eights, So I was popping them eights all day long. But then I realized when I wasn't taking 'em for the five days, I'm like, ooh, I'm a lot more calm. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a lot less ramped up. I'm like, I don't need to be ramped up while I'm on vacation. I don't have to do any podcasts. Yeah. You know, I don't need to be alive as much. I don't. Well I just need, I mean, enjoy. Just be chill. Why be alert. Why be so alert? Yeah. Thing is you get used to being so alert then you want 'em all the time. Want 'em. Before I lift, fucking gimme an eat Before I lift.


Oh, I want something. All the fucking time dude. Yeah. I want a fucking, want another sniff. I wish I had that trach hole. I'd just fucking, you want another sniff, boof shit right into my neck all day. Yeah. I'll take whatever you, you got boy ready. Here we fucking go. Here we go. I heard a buddy the other day saying he, he's, he's sober. Oh, you're in dude. Oh. Oh wow. Look like a Jets fan. I'm like Looking at fireworks right now. My eyes are closed. It's just fireworks. Oh yeah. Gimme some. He's dying off. Katie Perry dust buddy. Oh Joey, you want to see me ride it, don't you, bub. Imagine Katie Perry takes her panties off. Mm. And that's it. Oh No. And I shouldn't have said the first part either. 'cause she's married.


He said Katie Perry does this. Yes. Be respectful. I am. And I sh Well Let's imagine not a real ka perry but a robot. Katy Perry. 'cause that's coming. Yeah. And we met Catherine Perry who grew up down Different gal. Yeah. She's from Toledo. Totally. She's the girl that got body slammed. Take a snap. Oh, you went deep Sun. You went So deep. You got that into your hairs here. Gimme that back before you hurt yourself. Come you were reluctant to give it back. You were thinking about going Again. I'll fucking go again boy. Huh? Really? Yeah dude. I do. Okay, I'll do one more little one. I'm gonna do a big one dog. We ready?


We ready? We good When you shake it. Oh my God. What have you done? Played a pipes. Joy Rogan. Dar your aliens Joe. Jesus son. Oh fuck. That shit will turn you into a raccoon baby boy. Dude. You know, the worst thing was besides that, Your eyes, when you closed your eyes, did you see fireworks? Yeah. Like when I closed my eyes, it was like my whole, it was all lit up.


It reminds me of that thing. Have you ever seen that game show? It's a sauce challenge or whatever. What hot sauce challenge? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hot wings. Hot wings. Right. Hot ones. Hot ones. Hot ones. Well, Have you ever done that? Yeah. I did it a few years ago and it was a great, That guy, Sean Evans is a great guy. That's All I hear about him. Oh, everybody says he is a nice guy. He's So smart. And he's a neat, he's just a nice dude. And, but people are always like, how are the sauces? Well, seven of 'em are sauces. A couple of them are fucking shit. You used to clean this out of a boat. You know, it's like, it's like, like sauces went into that weird realm where it was like, we just wanna burn a hole in you kind of thing. You know? Yeah.


And so some of 'em got to be very, I don't wanna get sued for saying that. Can I say that? I'm just joking, right? Yeah. You're just joking. But they're like, some of them were like, oh, this isn't, I wouldn't put this on anything. Right. It's too strong. It's, it's not a sauce. It's just like a chemical. It felt like. Yeah. It's dangerous. Yeah. What about that one chip challenge? You ever try that? I did that. It's fun. It's Preposterous. It's nice. Yeah. It's like a Mexican Christmas type of thing. I think it comes out every year. But The chips are stale and bullshit though. That's what was terrible. The chips are bullshit. It's just a gateway drug for spice or whatever. But I feel like it was just a way to reuse shitty old chips that had gone bad. That's what it felt like to me. Like whoever did it is a goddamn genius. Because that's, I was offended by the fact that the chip was so dry.


Yeah. I was like, look, you could do this with a Dorito and it wouldn't be as offensive. You know one thing about Doritos, every time you open those bitches, this is the same. I know they're using seed oils and a bunch of chemicals, but guess what? I don't eat Doritos all the time. But I Had Hadda bag of Doritos five days ago. And guess what? I enjoyed it. It was cool. Ranch. Oh, they're so good. They were good. I remember when they came out with those people couldn't even fucking, didn't know what to do. They couldn't stop eating. I remember our stepdad came back for like a week when they came out and he's like, yeah, everything's gonna be fine. Cool Ranch and Fuck. They were good. Little Bit of queso. Oh Dude, cool. Ranch was good. I remember, I'm trying to think of the early cheese balls.


Cheese. Oh yeah. Those were good. Those were Good. We can't outlaw that stuff. Just 'cause some people have no self-control. Do you think, are some people gonna start to be like, oh shit, this guy's gonna take away Chick-fil-A. Like you were saying, like probably Yeah. Can't we can't let that happen. Well that's, we can't now go against Bobby Kennedy Jr. Yeah, we have to. We have to fight him. It's the same thing. Remember Jaylen was Doritos guy. Oh yeah. Jaylen Was selling Doritos. I think that's when Bill Hicks started attacking him. They didn't get along. No. No. I didn't know that. Did you ever meet Bill Hicks? I never met him. I saw him live twice, two or three times, I think Three times. But I said hi to him like, like you know, like that.


Like, Hey, What's up? Was he like famous when you saw him? He was famous for comedians. He was famous. He had been on Rodney Dangerfield's young comedian special. And that was a big deal back then. This was before he even had his big HBO special. He was just this weird guy who was connected to Kinison. And then the first time I saw him live, I was like, holy shit. He was doing things that are so different than any of the other comedy that was popular back then. It was all like, he had something to say about things. It was like cultural, it was like cultural commentary with jokes. But the cultural commentary was as much of a part as what he was saying was the fact that it was funny.


That was totally unique. And then it became a thing where everybody was copying him. Oh really? Yeah. So he was like one of those guys that people just started being like without even. Oh yeah. You think without even realizing it. Yeah. Without realizing it and realizing it and just openly plagiarizing him. He was very plagiarized by a bunch of people. Mm. But he was just doing something different. 'cause his interests were different. He was following his interests. Yeah. You know, that's what he was interested in talking about. So, and, and he was touring so much that he was working so much that he had so much material. 'cause he was just constantly playing in all these places. And unlike a lot of like really respected comedians, he didn't do his tours in the big cities. He was like touring around the deep south.


You know, he called it his flying saucer tour because everywhere he would tour was where flying saucers would be spotted. Like these weird fucked up cities. And so he developed this like really intelligent act that would work on dumb crowds. Huh? Very unique guy. Like lowbrow high, a kind of stuff Or something. Well, some of it was low brow, some of it was highbrow, some of it was just funny. Great social commentary on the war. You know, he was just great. It was just a different thing. I mean, he wasn't as like laugh out loud, funny as like Richard Jenny. But I remember me and Richard, Jenny watched him once and he said, God, every time I see That guy, I'm like, I gotta do more of that. Oh Yeah, Richard. Jen said that I saw him say it. And so I'm like, wow.


Richard, Jenny to me at that time was one of the greatest comics alive. He was so good in the 1980s. Like people don't realize, I've told this story before, just for you. This one time. He was at the East Side Comedy Club and East Side Comedy Club was a big comedy club in Long Island. Great club, awesome club. Richie Manini used to own it. And we were there on Sunday and the dude who was the mc over the weekend was depressed. He was like Richard, Jenny did four different hours. And he goes, he didn't repeat a joke once and every hour he killed, he goes, he did four completely different hours. And no one could do that back then. So for Richard Jenny to tell me that he was watching Bill Hicks, like, I gotta do more of that.


Wow. Like that's how influential he was. Did you see George Carlin perform then too? Yeah. I saw George perform a bunch of times. I saw George perform in a time where he wasn't doing so good. He was struggling with this drugs, you think? I don't know, man. I saw him bomb in New New Hampshire. I took my roommates to a casino, saw him play in a casino in New Hampshire, and he fucking ate shit. It was weird. It was weird. It's like it wasn't worked out. Yeah. It's like he was, he would go on stage with notebooks and he was just kinda like working out ideas. And he Had Hadda very different way of doing comedy. Like his way of doing comedy was he would write everything out and then he would bring notebooks on stage and perform it as he wrote it.


Like he didn't do it like almost like doing a one man show. And then every year he would film it for HBO. Damn. Yeah. It was a totally different style of doing comedy. And so he went through periods in time where he was doing real well and he was real funny. And then he went through some dark times where he was bombing a lot. And that's unfortunately the first time I saw him. Hmm. Have you ever seen Roll Tide? Willie, That guy? Who's that? I put, do you know what that is? I'll put you on him. I do. He's like, I guess he's kind of a comedian now. He was a, he played football for Alabama and then he got injured. He was in the military.


See if you can pull up something of him. He, so what does he do? Just say crazy things. He Loves Alabama. He's like a Like a mascot. Yeah. Yeah. He's like a mascot. He likes alcohol. He looks like he likes alcohol. Yeah. Sitting here watching and waiting on Obama gang. Look right here on this side. Chilling. Chilling. Don't give a piss. Don't give a piss for about nothing but the tide. What you Doing with the tide? Alabama Tide he likes. Wow. That's one of his favorites. Yeah. He's a, you Gotta give people the freedom to not give a fuck about anything but the tide. Oh Yeah. Right. That's one of the Right, if you're gonna have transgenders going into the men's room or the women's room, you're gonna have to have That guy too.


Yeah. You gotta, you gotta give, you gotta be tolerant of That guy. Oh, a hundred percent. Man. How come You're not? Yeah. Why are you so judgmental? Like That guy have some tolerance. Yeah. He served for our country too. Did he? Yeah. He got injured in the, or I think he got injured. He, I, he was in the military with my friend's dad, but he, I think he played at University of Alabama, but now he's like, like the biggest fan. But he's kind of a, yeah, a mascot for Alabama. He's like the, they call it they, he goes by roll Tide Willie. Mm. Okay. So Just so you know, he's Why, why'd you wanna bring him up? I don't know. Just came to mind. Yeah, I just think we're just talking about, what were we talking about?


Oh, comedians. Entertainers. I think entertainment's getting interesting because a lot of people are getting entertainers too, just off of, off of social media reels. Right, right. So it's like you're finding somebody you might wanna watch like a Jessica McGowan or something, or Who's that Shit? The lady from Buffy to Vampire Society I'm talking about, or or you know, Gwyneth Paltrow. Or watch like a, or watch roll Tide. Well, you know what I'm saying? It's just so, it's entertainment's just super interesting now. Well It's definitely open to more things. Right? Like Tim Dylan turned me onto that family in New Jersey that goes to Costco and yells out about cookies.


Oh, the booms? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's unfortunate, right? I mean, that's crazy. And the one Kid, how many millions of people watch that? Like that's way more than watch CNN we bring Up Boom. Yeah, that kid. And the one kid I heard didn't even make good grades, unfortunately. Which is like, he's not shitty shit school. Why shitty. He's Gonna make that Costco TikTok money. They better not ban TikTok. Imagine that family becomes homeless. Yeah. Because some heartless politicians decide to stop that Chinese spyware. How about let those morons stay on that shit? Let 'em steal their passwords. Let 'em go. Boom. Dude, I'm on there. You should be. But they're taking all they're taking. But yeah, I guess I'm Wonder Sons, what are the Chinese actually taking that they all already have from me?


Except by, I mean, they could geolocate me. Your DNA, they're gonna clone you. You're gonna be like Alex Jones. You're gonna have a different version of You. Half my family's in recovery. You can have it, bud. You can fucking have it. Dude. Do You think any of those drones of Chinese, How could we have in our airspace a drone from another country and we don't know it. That's what I All the well, is it that we don't know it or we can't do anything about it? Oh, we could do something about it. Well, you have to have decide to do something about it. And the Biden administration doesn't seem like they're the type that would just be shooting shit outta the sky. That's a good point. Whereas Trump, that motherfucker will shoot some shit outta the sky.


Oh yeah. You know, they didn't tell him about some of the balloons that China had circling the country because they were worried he was gonna have them shot outta the sky. No way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They openly admitted that they didn't tell Trump about some of the balloons. Remember when they shot that balloon outta the sky? Yeah. When they shot that balloon outta the sky. We were talking about this the other day. They missed one of those missiles. Missed And went where? Who Fucking knows? Oh, I tell you, it's like New Year's Eve in San Antonio, dude. Yeah. Imagine If you're hiking, you're out there in the wilderness. Like, this is amazing. I've got my jet boil. I'm gonna cook. I'm gonna cook up some ramen tonight. Yeah. Eight tanks. Thomas Boom. Right in the face. Right in the face. A missile that was meant for a Chinese balloon.


And they're never gonna admit to that. They'll say it was, yeah. Never You vanished. Yeah. There's nothing to even test. You'll be on one of those 4 1 1 documentaries or something. Never. You Get hit in the face with a missile. There is nothing left That's on you too, dude. There's nothing left. Yeah. Yeah. They don't even know you were there. You just, you got eight by wolves. Who knows what happened to You. God, baby girl is gone. You're gone. Yeah. There's nothing, your pink mist, they're gonna scrape you off the leaves. Do a DNA test. Yeah, dude. You kid it with a missile out of a fucking fighter Jet. That wouldn't be enough. That'd be barely enough for a wolf to lick a little bit of you off a rock. Okay, listen, imagine that Beirut bomb. Okay, that Beirut bomb. What Do you do? You see it falling. What do you do? You Don't do anything.


You, you gotta, you don't do a thing. You just go, oh no. And then you vaporize. You prepare yourself for the next dimension. How long do you get? Say if it's You don't get any time at all. Come on Man. It just happens so fast. If you are in the epicenter of one of those bombs and it just goes off, you don't have any time. What if it's just boom, vaporize. The whole city's vaporized. What if you're 2000 yards off? You might live, who knows? You might be behind a fucking building and the building might stay up and you just get your eardrums blown out and you get the kind of concussion that you usually get from a horrible car accident. Who knows? Do you, I would imagine there's like a level where you could be far enough away where it's not death, like instant death, but where's that level?


Where is it? It's not close. Close. You're dead. For sure. So like, how far out do you have to be where you now you're deaf for the rest of your life or now you can't see, you know, who knows? Now you have no memory of your childhood. It's a like a concussion of epic proportions. Even if you survive, depending upon how far out you are. And then you know, you get far out enough that it doesn't affect you at all. You could see it from a distance. That's gotta be crazy too, to know that you could have just been over there and you would've been vaporized. Oh, Do you hear about the dude that survived Hiroshima and then he went to Nagasaki to work and then he def he survived Nagasaki. Nah, he survived both of them. He Just survived. Both of them. Still alive. Still alive. I think he died recently. But this dude he went from, yeah, I think he died a while ago.


Now that I'm thinking about it. This dude went, he was in Hiroshima. Bomb. Blew up. Killed. You know how many people, 150,000 people. Instantaneously he escapes, gets out, goes to Nagasaki to work. Nagasaki gets hit. He's less than two miles from the blast zones of both Bombs. Geez. And did he say how he survived each time? What was the guy's name? I can't pronounce the first name. I'll show you. Give him some credits. Give, give Theo a shot at it. What's his name there? Omo. Yama gci. Yeah. Tmo Yamaguchi.


Tmo Yamaguchi was less than, and Quite a few fires named Yamaguchi. Two. Two files. Two less than two miles from the blast zones of Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings and Miss miraculously survive both without debilitating injuries. My double radiation exposures. Now an official government record, Yamaguchi said. I can tell you the younger generation, the horrifying history of the atomic bombings, even before I die. Do you think we should have done that, Joe? That bomb. Wow. He lived, he died of stomach cancer at 93. Oh my God. That's incredible. He lived that long. Yeah. Stomach cancer. One of us because of the bomb. I mean, he died 93, But some Asians live very long. You get 120 years out of.


Do I think we should have dropped the bomb on people? No. Yeah. Me neither. No, It's fucking insane. It's so insane. But it just goes to show you that somewhere inside of us there's an evil that will be evil. You know, bro, look at This. No, go, go up. Go up. Go up. He opposed the country's role in World War II and became so despondent about the war that he considered killing his wife and infant son with sleeping pills. If Japan lost holy fuck dude. Company man. Oh Jesus Christ. That's so scary. It's heartbreaking. He said this guy was lit with a blaze. The lightning of a huge magnesium flare. He saw the plane Coming. Oh my God. He saw the enola gay fly over Hiroshima.


That's what he said. And drop an item carried by two parachutes. Suddenly he said the sky lit with a blaze. Oh my God. Do you have a bomb shelter, Joe? Do you have a bomb? Do you have a bomb shelter at? Should probably Get one. I should probably get one. But I really think that if a, if a nuclear war breaks out, you really want to be like right where the new hits You want to end. You don't want be made. You Don't want live in a zombie apocalypse like postwar. What am I? I think I fainted for a while when I, not above. Oh, the the ground roared and an ear shattering noise ripped through the air, tossing Yamaguchi into the air as a fireball imploded overhead. He was dropped face first into a muddy furrow. That protective measures he took likely saved his life. A woman who had been walking beside him shortly before the blast disappeared altogether.


Wow. I think I fainted for a while. When I opened my eyes, everything was dark. I couldn't see much. It was like the start of a film with the cinema before the pictures begun. When the blank frames are just flashing up without any sound. Unreal. Fuck Dude, look at it. Looked like, look that. Fuck. Can you even fathom one second. It looks one way and the next second it looks another way. And no one's ever done this before that we know of on earth. And then they just decided to drop it on a, a city. Jesus. And they did it again. Boom. Boom. The scene in the Oppenheimer when they're deciding where to do it, if that's how it went down is Crazy. Nuts. I gotta watch that. That movie's crazy. Is it?


It's crazy. Yeah, because you, you get to see, first of all, that dude Sian Murphy. That guy's incredible. He's incredible. Yeah, he's good. That's the dude from the Peaky Blinders. Oh Yeah. He's so good. He's such a good actor. And so he like nailed this torture genius Oppenheimer and this creation that he made. It'd be so scary. Something you thought was probably for a purpose in the beginning, and then you change your mind during it. Well Also you have to do it because if you don't do it, if the Germans get it, they're gonna kill everybody. There's This, the second One happen still wounded and heavily badge Yamaguchi returned to work on August nine, the day young Nagasaki was bombed.


He was providing his supervisor a detailed account of the Hiroshima bombing. Jesus. When the landscape outside the office suddenly lit up with in a blinding light, and Yamaguchi fell to the floor as shockwaves destroyed the windows, suddenly the same white light filled the room. He later recalled, I thought the mushroom cloud had followed me from Hiroshima. Wow. That's Crazy. Actually. You just talk about it. It Happens again. That's crazy. A reinforced stairwell in the office protected the conference room where Yamaguchi and his colleagues were, Jesus Christ. They just heard his story and he said, it says some of 'em took cover in a manner similar to how he described in Hiroshima. His wife was soaked in black rain and was poisoned as their daughter later recalled.


In the subsequent weeks, Yamaguchi suffered high fevers, severe hair loss, continuous vomiting, and other symptoms from radiation poisoning. Motherfucker. Dude, How much would have to happen in America for things to get to a place where people are just like every man for himself? Like do you feel like, like That? Like that kind of thing? Power going out? Yeah. What keeps us together is electricity. Right now, the way society is structured, we are so dependent upon electricity that without electricity we don't have anything. We don't have any cooling. We have no ice. We have No way of processing water. Yeah. We're fucked without electricity. We have no transportation. We're we're really fucked without electricity.


Electricity without oil. That any fuel at all. We're doomed. We're fucking doomed. And all we have is burning things. And do you think for the first day people would be kind of organized, like, let's see what happens here, watching the news. And then the second day shit would get awol. Like how quick would people, As soon as people ran out of food, and that doesn't take long. That's a few days. It's a few days. And then everyone's like, well I'm gonna get a rifle, learn how to hunt. Good luck. You Not at the last minute. Whatcha gonna put an ad at the last minute? Sorry. It's so late. Guys need to learn how to hunt or whatever. But now, by the way, if everybody goes hunting, here's the dirty secret about hunting. The reason why hunting works is 'cause everybody doesn't hunt. If everybody hunted, there'd be no more animals.


They almost did that in the 18 hundreds. Man. They started doing what they call market hunting and market hunting almost wiped out. Everything in this country almost wiped out. All the elk wiped out. Most of the buffalo almost wiped out white-tailed deer. Really? Yeah, man. Because people were hunting them. They could hunt as much as they wanted, as Much as they wanted. There was no regulation and they were selling the meat and there was no refrigeration, so you have to kill 'em all the time. Oh. So they would hire professional hunters and that's how they would get their meat. And they were just devastating populations of animals. I mean, you've seen the piles of buffalo bones, right? Terrifying. They killed millions of buffalo in a few years. They brought the herds down to nothing in a few years.


Got that close to total extinction. And was that because people were like expanding west and they needed food? They needed food. They needed the skins. They wanted the tongues. Pickled tongues was a big delicacy on the East coast, so it would shoot them for their tongue only. Wow. Which is crazy. So you take in one of the biggest animals that lives in North America and you're slaughtering it just for the smallest organ or the smallest thing, their tongue. Yeah. So people did that already. And if there's no power, there's not enough food. There's just not. Yeah, we don't have enough wild game for 330 million people for a year. Forget about forever. We don't. Huh? We don't. We definitely don't.


We definitely 100% don't. And the only reason why you can have these giant populations of people like Los Angeles, the only way you can have that is farmers. Right. You have to have farmers. You have to have people that are fucking fully dedicated 24 hours a day to growing animals and food all the time to supply those people. Amen. So If you looked at the amount of farmers versus the amount of people that they feed, it's Crazy. Oh, that's a great point. How exponential it probably is. Huh? Crazy. So if all that's gone, then all those people have no food. And then where are they getting it? Are, are they gonna be willing to, like how are they gonna learn how to herd cattle? And the farmers are gonna be sitting there licking their chops? Well, they're gonna be killed most likely.


Oh, people are gonna try to get 'em for their food. Yeah. But their farmers will be ready For a while. You know? How long can you hold off? Millions of people with guns? United States has more guns than most of the world. We have 40% of the firearms on Earth. Fuck yeah. We then they can do it for a while, I guess. See if that statistic is true. I believe it is. I think the American people have an exponential number in, in comparison to every other country. We're, we're so, we have so much more weapons than any other country. And I think we have more guns than the entire Chinese army. By a large No way. Really? Yeah. By a large amount that just the American population has more guns.


It's so embedded in our culture. 'cause I'll meet people sometimes in like, you, you guys have all these guns. It's like, what do you, there's No way to not have guns here. Well, there's more guns than there are people here. But how would you even do it if some people were like, you should get rid of gun. Right. Because you hear people say that sometimes. It's like, well You're not gonna get rid of guns altogether. You're not gonna eliminate the technology. Right. So the technology, if it exists, someone's gonna have the guns. Who's gonna have those guns? Well, you're gonna have, the government's gonna have the guns. So you're basically giving the guns to people that are known liars, who've been manipulating and controlling people. Agreed. From the beginning of time. Yeah. You can't have that. And the reason why the United States has such a unique freedom is because the First Amendment is protected by the Second Amendment. Yeah. Didn't Chris Rock have a bit about that?


I believe he did. I'm not sure if he did. I believe Chris Rock Had Hadda bit about that. He probably did. I think he did. One last question before we go, Joe. What's up Jamie? 35 To 50% of the guns somewhere in the range of 270 million out of the 645 million total Guns in America. It's close to 42%. Big estimates. 42% of the guns in the world right here baby. And his dogs over there snoring. You know why? 'cause he could see he could sleep well. Yeah. There's hard men out there with pistols fucking guns protecting that little dog. Dogs used to be, they used to protect us. Yeah. Carl's protecting nobody. Carl's Lying. Carl bites me full blast every day.


Really? Sure. He loves that. He loves to meet a man with his face. He doesn't hurt You. He doesn't. No, He is adorable. Yeah. But you know what I'm saying? Like we need to protect Carl. Yeah. He can't protect us. That's how soft people have gotten. We got listen, Listen to where they're snoring. You hear him? Yeah. He sounds like Lee. I Had Hadda little. When Lee gets too many edibles, they're back. The church of what's happening now is back. Yeah. Just saw the first episode on two weeks ago. Isn't that amazing Ago? It's so cool. I was telling Joey for a while. I orchestrated getting the two of them together at the mothership. I'm like, we gotta get you guys together. Yeah. I was putting it in his ear. I'm like, Joey, you guys gotta bring the band back. Goes, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna Joey and and Lee in New in California when they had that show.


Oh, it was in this weird little office building. So bizarre. You'd park out there, you'd be lucky to find a spot. It Had Hadda really eighties vibe out there. They had like one kind of neon kinda light that was kinda like, yeah, they'd have their door for their office, like open a little bit. And it didn't seem like it was an office. It seemed like it was a, it was a place where they shot like kind of quick porn over. Did you ever see the one episode where the, they had an office building at one point in time with a bunch of other people that had office buildings and Joey was too loud and they were yelling at him to be quiet. He is like, shut the fuck up. No, it was amazing. We used to share 'em with the nail salon for a while. Really? Yeah. And you, they'd always be chatter in there and yelling about stuff.


It was fun. Oh, that's okay. Some Of that was fun. Dude, I remember we used to share a wall with fighter and the kid for a while. Oh yeah. And that was so much fun. Oh yeah. We'd bang on the wall at each other. Well you guys had like, there was a bunch of podcasts that were being done in like a couple areas like that in California. Oh yeah. Where they had little podcast studio places where like several sets would be, It was so much fun. But Those guys had always ran into some money problem. There was always like some producer that was taking too much money and they wanted control of the show. And I ran into so many dudes that had podcast deals that went south and it was again the same kind of thing. Power and corruption. Yeah. There was so many guys who had podcast deals and then they, the, the people that they did this, that had this network wound up owning their podcast and selling their pod.


And they were like, what the fuck? They just got robbed. Yeah, we got robbed. I mean we got stolen from you got Literally robbed. Yeah. But we didn't, we still had ownership, you know? Yeah. But they stole your ad revenue, right? Yeah. For a year. Yeah. Man, There was a lot of dirty business in the podcast world. It was dark. Well it's the wild west, right? It was a completely new thing. And all of a sudden when the money spigot opened, it just opened like woo. Like I made no money for like five years. I just did it for funsies and then all of a sudden the spigot just opened. Yeah. Your spigot. Yeah. Really. You are the most open spigot Right now. I have the most open spigot. And congratulations. You. Yeah. Thank you. You work harder than any podcaster by far man. And you're so great at it, man. Well, you gotta keep your foot on the gas on.


That's the thing about podcasts or anything else. When you've got a, an if you like, you're essentially, you're running a business, right? Yeah. What is the business? The business is interesting content. Alright. How much are you actually interested in interesting content? Because if you're not, it's not gonna work. So you gotta be fully interested. Which I am. That's where I'm lucky. I'm lucky that I'm interested in all these things. Oh yeah. Pay attention to this shit. Even if I wasn't talking about it, I'd be watching podcasts on this kinda shit. 'cause I'm interested. I'm interested in ancient civilizations. I'm interested in cultures. Oh Yeah. Well we learn a lot of stuff by listening to you learn it man. So it's cool. Yeah. You know I have one question. I know you one time we were talking about if you ever retired, right?


Yeah. And you said maybe you would start painting maybe if you ever retired. Did I say that? Yeah. I was Probably high. It could have been. Okay. Even if you were, I was Probably taking some of that. Delta eight, what's it called? The stuff they have out here. Delta eight. It's legal. It's illegal loophole. Legal weed. Yeah. I'm all fucked up on Delta eight. Son. You Had Hadda Delta eight. You Had Hadda. You Had Hadda. Oh, there's a bunch of Delta eight out Here. But are you still using it? It's legit. Oh yeah, sure it is. And it's it is. It's at a gas station. I was Like boner pills. They were Talk To red band. One of those. Your nosebleed really bad red band stuff. Those, those aggressive rhinos, whatever those ones are. Oh yeah bro. They make your fucking nosebleed.


Oh, Red band's a connoisseur. He will tell you what the good ones are. Oh, I've been, I went down the road. I used to get 'em from India. I used to get all that shit. India. Yeah. Geez. But what would you paint dude? That's what I was thinking. I was just thinking I was lying of you Painting. I was. I was Lying. You were? Yeah. I Had Hadda be, I'm not interested in painting. Come on Man. No man. If I, if I was gonna retire you The graph dude, You know, if I was gonna retire I would just bow, hunt and play pool. That's what I would do. Yeah. If I said I don't wanna do anything for money from now on, I would bow, hunt and play pool. I try to play pool for money, but I'll never win any money. I can never beat the best guys. If you think you could have devoted so much as much time do, because that's one thing you start to learn about life. It's like I only have so much time. Right. If you could have devoted as much time you think, do you think you could have been really good at it?


Because I think you really loved it. Pool Was a, if pool was you really legitimate sport. When I was in my twenties, 100%. I would've become a pro professional pool player. Fuck yeah. 100%. I wanted to play pool all the time because it was a, a population of misfits. That's what it was. It wasn't just the game itself. It was the misfits. It was, I always felt like a misfit when I was a kid. I felt like a misfit, you know, moved around a lot. My parents broke up when I was young. You know, it's like I never felt like I fit in anywhere until I started hanging around the pool. I was like, oh, these guys are just like me. They're all people that, they're just too a DD to ever keep a real job. Yeah. They're just nutty people. And they all had like different things that they did for money.


But what they were really obsessed with was that game was playing pool and going to pool halls. 'cause you'd go to pool halls and it was a bunch of guys like you just a bunch of weirdos who were just wanting to laugh and have fun and play this game. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. That, maybe that would be nice. Then painting, painting, pool, pool Players. The problem painting is, you know, I'd look, I love art. If I was called to paint, like if it felt like something, maybe I would get into doing it. But that's not what I'm interested in right now. You know? Yeah. Maybe I would be, but I don't think so. You know, I think, I think if I retire I'm just gonna pursue interests.


I'm just gonna like learn languages and shit and just do something different. Yeah. I don't think when I stop doing this, I'm ever gonna do anything else publicly. I probably won't. I won't want 'em anymore. I won't. I'll get to a point where I think a lot of people get to where they're just like, eh, I'm on off this ride. Do you ever wear a disguise when you go places? Like if You try every day? I'm wearing a disguise right now. Oh yeah. I got like when Like tall Biden. Remember when they had the fake Biden? Yeah. Was that real though? Was that a tall guy? You think that was a tall guy? Get fucked Man. A tall guy pretended to be bi. 100% wasn't Biden. The CIA has had like super sophisticated outfits. Look, have you seen Adam Ray when he, when he dresses up like Dr.


Phil? Yeah. So as you forget Per he fucking good. He did. We did the I saw that. Did Did Biden bro. I mean, and this is like easy two hours of makeup. They're not even trying to make him look real. He looks real. Yeah. He looks, it's Crazy. This is him like 20 minutes in his car to Yeah. All you need is a dude with similar face structure to Biden and you can make him Biden 100%. And I think they definitely did that. Fuck. I think there was a point time where, who's he? Who's America? America. We're protecting you. Theo Vaughn. We can't nap China to think that our president is down and that Kamala Harris is running the military. Come on son. We know what we're doing. Pull up the photo. What about the pull the video of the tall Biden?


Because there ain't No way That's the same dude that dude was. Bring his ass up because he wasn't even a little taller. Bring That honky up. You know what I'm saying? It wasn't, it Wasn't like a crazy thing to say. Let's don't say that. Saying the president wasn't, It wasn't like, you know, it was like Bobby Lee next to Ari. Yeah. I Was like, something's different. That's not the same Guy. Yeah. He is so much taller. He was like six inches taller. Like not a little taller. They're like, we got nobody. No, we got nobody. Look at the size of this motherfucker. Oh, Get fucked, dude, bro. That's not real, dude. That's real. Look at the size. Who The fuck is that? Look at The size of his legs. Is that Will Ferrell Bro? That guy's a basketball player.


They got some, remember Biden Look The difference in size. So that's the real Biden. And Trump really met Him. And that's the real Obama, right? Real Obama. Real Biden. Now gimme, gimme, gimme fake Biden again. No, no, no. Fake one. The giant. That one. No, no, no, no, no. The giant one. When he is walking around This one, this video. Who Is that? Bro? Look at how much taller he is than Jill. He's never that much taller than Jill. Jill's wearing heels. Son. Look at her heels. See her heels elevated in the back. Yeah. She's wearing heels. He's towering over her. Oh, that's a giant Biden. That's Sasquatch. Wow. That's really, really interesting. Do people have done like a comparison to his height compared to like what he normally is Tall Biden.


It was a real thing. Oh, Do you think what happens to him after he goes away in office? What happens to him? Jimmy Carter. He votes like this. You think He can't wait to vote for Pete Buttigieg? They roll him out there. Who Controls Joe Biden if he's not controlling himself? Whoever is letting him Fucking pardon. 8 million people. Some of the guys said they don't want the pardon. Do you see that? Bro? He's pardoned more people than anybody ever by a long shot. He's got all time. Tiger came too. Somebody said, oh, he Better pardon Tiger. I think he did. Didn't he? Just he did. He I Somebody said he just pardoned him. Did he? That can't be real. I I saw that the, the, it's a little overinflated 'cause of all the marijuana charges that got added in.


'cause they, For Tiger King, they threw all Those people. No. And Joe Biden's Hardened. Oh, I wanna see that. Mad slurp get back Out. Yeah. But's, that's a good thing that he's doing that, but it's still, he's still pardoning more people than anybody ever. But when Tiger King gets back outta here, fucking wait. America, he'll Be a guest on this podcast. A knee brace pistol on his hip with that whip. Yeah. He'll try to fuck Jamie for sure. He's gonna fucking slurp on somebody. Dude. He again, lobbies for presidential. Pardon? Jamie, what are the odds? This guy tries to fuck you if we bring him in the studio. No way. He's a hundred percent not that he's going to fuck you. No Way would he. I'd be the first one, One on his list. I all the people in the building. I Know you're the guy who moves. There's a couple other people. No, no, no, no, no. On. We'll hold him back by the hips. We'll have grown. He moves on you. We'll have side control on him, but He moves on you.


You're a nice guy. I shake my mustache. Yeah, maybe that's what it is. The mustache. He's trying. He's trying. But they're not gonna let him out. And they, maybe they should. I don't know. I don't know. I wonder if he got out of this wonder where, what kind of job he would get into. They're not gonna let him work off shore or Whatever. Stuffed animals. You Think sell his own stuffed animals. Yeah. Open his own builder. Bear, build a tiger. You know, He's just in there helping you stuff it. Yeah, He you stuff it. And then the little recording thing when you have a little thing in there where you press the button and it gives a little recording. When my kids, I used to have one for one of my daughters where she'd squeeze it and said, daddy loves You. Oh, that's sweet. It Was adorable. That's what he he's gonna do.


He's gonna do that for people. Same thing. I wanna suck your cock. Daddy loves you. I wanna suck your cock. Hey, hey. Hey. What you doing with all that? Cut? I, Huh? I think this is, this gotta Be his account. Take me to the real book. I'm Looking around just Twitter. And he tweeted that yesterday. No, he didn't. Look at that. Please repost, comment and tag anyone. If you could show support right now. More than ever. Why am I in the back? Is that really true? That's a real photo. You don't forget it happening. Come fuck You don't remember that podcast. That was right after you did Bernie Sanders. That guy came in. What is it Like for you? Can I ask you this?


You're like interviewing legitimate people now. Like you interviewed Trump, you interviewed Bernie Sanders, you interviewed who else? JD Walsh. Who else did you interview? You've, you've interviewed a lot of like very interesting people. Are you, are you enjoying that? Yeah, I think I am. Man. I think it's been, I've been trying to learn more, you know, so that's been one of my goals. You're Doing a great job because you, I mean, you get silly. You're still yourself, you know, you're still silly, but you're having like real conversations with these people. Thanks. You know Bobby Kennedy. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I knew Bobby, which was lucky. And we were going through Vermont and, and Bernie said he would come on the podcast. So that was super fortunate. And then Dana helped, you know, I wanted to talk to Trump 'cause his brother had died of alcoholism and it was like a world that I had like spent a lot of my life like, you know, in and dealing with.


And So I wanted to like just see what he, like if he was normal about something like that. I guess. So. Yeah. But I think it's been interesting. I think it felt like a lot of responsib I got, I I I started to have some ego issues. I think I was just trying to be ca like, you know, just know what you're doing man. Like you don't have some big responsibility. I think I had this ego trap where it maybe felt I just Had Hadda kind of manage some stuff for a little bit. But I've been feeling better now. I think. Like, what, What was the trap? I think you just start to think, oh, well I'm important. Right? And it's okay if I am. Like, it's okay if I have importance to myself and, and there's things that I want to, like examine and learn for myself and, and that sort of thing.


But your Role as an important person, right? You started thinking about that because you were getting a lot of views. Right? I think it started to just scare me. So I just, I got nervous and then I had people that would ask me about stuff that I felt like I didn't know about or people would think that I knew more than I did. Or like I had something to do with like the election. Like things like that made me super kind of nervous. Got It. And So I think I just was kind of trying to manage that for a bit. And, but I've been feeling like better about it. I, and I know some places are things to be funny. Some places are things that mean something to me, just like learning about healthcare and people getting screwed. Like there are some like smaller causes. I can't learn about everything, but there's some things that I do care about that I can like, like seek more information about, you know?


Right, right. And then to just try to get more interested in things. Like just be, you know, learn about when to open myself up to learn about more things, you know. So That's the key is like knowing when to just listen, when to, when to try to be funny. Just fuck around. Learn how to beat yourself. Yeah. You know, the more you do 'em, the more relaxed you get when you do 'em, You know? Yeah. That happens too. I mean, this is probably the most relaxed I've felt like being around you today. You know, Around me. Yeah. I think I all, I, I I, I just like, yeah, sometimes you get nervous. Do you get nervous? Just 'cause so many people are listening? Is that what it is? The numbers? Yeah. I think at first and then I think, yeah. I mean, I look up to you I think, and So I, or you know, and you're, you know, you're the champ.


You're the best. And so it's like, I dunno if it's a nerve, I don't know what it is, but there's sometimes I feel so thing, you know. Well, Well thank you. But you don't need to, you don't need to feel that like you and I have been friends for a long fucking time. You could be yourself. Yeah. You remind me of that and I appreciate it. Yeah. You know, 'cause it does, it does help. I think it's just like an old thing of like, it's like an old energy thing that doesn't make any sense anymore, you know? Yeah. But sometimes like that template is still there a little bit. Right, right. Well that's a Hollywood template, right? Like the people that are more established and bigger, it's like, oh, there's Johnny Carson. Yeah. You know, there's that, you know, gets Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You always, anytime I think that way, you always bring it back down to a super normal place. So thank you.


But it should be super normal. That's really the appeal of all this that we do, is that it is super normal. Is that a guy, like you can have no pretense and just ask Bernie Sanders questions. Like, why the fuck are they getting away with this? Like, why, why is it structured this way? Why are these corporations stealing all this money and fucking everybody out, all these, you know, why is, why is this happening? Yeah. And those are, it's, if you can have those real conversations, this is the only place where they exist, then you're never gonna get these kind of conversations on a late night talk show. You don't, you're not gonna get 'em. They don't have these kind of, there's, it's not possible. You, you can't go into depth about things. There's No way you can go for hours and hours just talking to people. You can't do it. Yeah. Yeah, man. And I think it's interesting.


It's like, you know, there's still things that I wanna do in my life personally. And there's, like, talking with people has helped me a ton. You know, like even just confidence from being like, you know, from getting to talk with different UFC fighters and things over the years. Like, there's a lot of like, people that I've gotten to speak to or people I've heard on your shows and other shows that inspire me, like in little moments of my life, you know, like, it's important, you know? Yeah. So I, I, I don't know. I definitely, I, I mean, I feel like, you know, I just want to, you know, try my best, keep learning, I don't know. And just have a good time too. Well you, you seem like you're having a good time. Yeah. And you're doing a great job. You really are. And you're getting really good at it. Like, the more you do it, the better you get at it. You can really tell there's a lot of good people podcasting now.


It's an awesome time. You and Tim Dylans did that episode, the last one you guys did. He's the best. He's he's the absolute best at the rant. Nobody else, No champ. Like him. He's the number one. He's the Michael Jordan of the rant. Yeah. Even seeing Shane, seeing Shane for, literally my mom texted me last night. She's like, I, that's Shane Gillis. He just makes some of the best faces right away. And, and so even earlier we go back to, you're like, I got Shane Gillis back here. I thought you were, it was like a new beverage or something you had made. And So I go back and there's a sauna back there by your gym. You never saw the gym before? I never seen, I can't believe you never saw the gym. Gym. Pretty dope, right? Yeah, The gym's great, but I didn't think he Had Hadda Shane Gillis on tap.


So we fucking go in there and there's a meat closet where you're drying aged beef. I actually do have one of those. Yeah, Of course. And the fucking, there's a fucking full body strap of Shane Gillis hanging in that bitch and he just puts his head up near the glass and that moment alone, like, oh, that was the best here. It doesn't Make you wanna move here. Yeah, it definitely helps, man. I'm gonna start, I'm starting to look because I'm not having, I gotta get a family soon too, dude. You know, it Gets yourself a nice Texas girl. I know. I am. I'm I'm, come on bro. I am. I'm motivated. Great ladies, let's put that energy out there. Get Theo a nice Texas girl. I know they're out here. There's a ton of 'em out here. This is the greatest place in the world to be a single guy like you. Is it? Yeah. It seems very diverse here too.


Like and People are friendly. Yeah, they're genuinely friendly and they're not friendly 'cause they want something from you like la They're not friendly because you're famous and friendly because they want to get famous too. They're just friendly. Oh yeah. They're fun. Just Nice people living their life. They're fun. Boy, Theon, I love you to death. Thank you very much. I love you too man. Thanks for everything. This is the end of part two. There It is. That's both of 'em. Jamie, thanks so much too. Nice to meet your dog for the second time. Powerful Carl, look at him over there. Powerful. Carl, does he awake yet? He's waiting. He's waiting. He Wakes up when He wakes up right around now. He's like, probably about time. Yeah. For me to get up and start terrorizing people again. Like China. All right, bye everybody. Now I just these, but when I reach that ground I'll, this of.