
The NFL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet. FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President Select seats. First online Real money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


We have added a second show in Nashville, baby on May 3rd. It's an early show, 4:00 PM at the Bridge stone Arena, and I can't even believe that. And thank you guys so much for all the love and support, and I'm honored to be performing here in in Nashville. We also have tickets remaining for East Lansing, Michigan, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station, Texas Gig Belton, Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Winnipeg in the Canada, and Calgary in the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO UR.


Today's guest is a comedian, podcaster, and a social commentator. You know him from his show, part of the problem, and you also know him from a Legion of Skanks with Big J and Louis J. Gomez. We get into a lot of topics in this one. One of them being the Israel and Palestine conflict, which we've been learning about on this show over the year. We recorded this on Monday, January 13th, which is why there was no talk of the ceasefire. Just wanted to make that note. I'm really grateful for his time and his insight. And today's guest is comedian Dave Smith.


I mean, that's most of my goal each day is to, is to just babysitting myself a lot of it. Well, that's a good, that's a good way to do it. Maybe have some other people help babysit you. Oh, I'd like to get to that point. You know, I think I would like to get to that point. Get a spouse or get a, get some, you know, a spouse or something. Yeah, Caretaker. Or even get into hospice. Dude, I have some friends You just want, but not dying, but just have hospice Care. But that's a new thing. A lot of guys really, yeah. See if you bring that up. If you bring young men going to live, my buddy Caleb Presley, you know who he is?


He works with bar stool long hair. Yeah, I think So. I, he does the Sun Sunday conversation. Okay. So he lives in a senior retirement home. How old is he? He Got loophole in I think 33, 34. That's, that's getting an early start. Loves it. Tanning, listening to him argue, stuff like that. It's done in Florida. So it's a, yeah, he gets all of that. Three meals a day or like two and a half meals. I'm not sure what they're doing. I Feel, is there a gym there? I feel like you'd feel really good about yourself in the gym. Like if you were just like, you know what I mean? Like, just like, yeah, I'm fucking wrecking these fools here. Like I'm the only one going hard.


That's a Good point, dude. Some guys just fucking Like, look at this chump. Some guy just zoned out. So I was like, I was Mr. Olympian, 1938. Some dudes hopped up on ed pills. You know, that's gotta be the scary thing, I think when you get to a certain age is risking the erection. Going for the erection 'cause of the blood. Just moving all the blood to one, you know? Oh yeah. You're probably gonna, you probably can't stand up To that battlefront. Yeah. But that's like, there's gotta be something. It's probably a real compliment to a chick if you're like, I'm risking it all. Yeah. I'm risking it all just to try to fuck you right now.


It's got, that's the ultimate, like nothing could be any better. Yeah. I, my grandfather lived in a, like a, like a, I don't know what nursing home type deal for like a couple years before he died. He was really the people who work there. It was just such a funny dynamic. It was like all, it was like all black people from like the inner city and then like old Jews and they, the, all the black people that worked there, just rolling their eyes at these old people the whole time. My grandfather, every time I went to see him, he accused them of stealing from him. None of these people were ever stealing from him. None of 'em. It was just pure racism. Like, it was just, and it was like things that, like, he'd be like, they took the art off the wall and I'd be like, there was no art on this wall.


Yeah. This is all in your mind. He's like, there's not, now He made me, he made me move a dress. I was like 12. And he made me move this big dresser to check if there was change behind it. Oh yeah. And then there was nothing. And I was like, there's no change behind it. And he was like, they stole it. Ah. And I was like, wait, there was supposed to be change behind it. Like you were keeping your change behind The dresser. That's the old Jewish change behind the dresser trick, I think. Isn't it? It's just insane. Yeah. You're Jewish, you're, you're, yeah, yeah, yeah. I am. You are. And so are you Israeli too? Is that the same thing? No, no, no, no. Israel's the nation. Okay. I have nothing to do with that. Okay. But are But some are some Jew, but someone's Jewish.


They're just Jew. They're just means that they have family. That's from Israel originally. No, not even necessarily. It's just like you, it's, you know, Judaism, it's a weird thing 'cause it's like a religion, but then it's also kind of a race. Right. And then it's kind of a nationality with Israel. So basically a bunch of Jews went and started their own country in Israel in the forties. Okay. But these were Jews from Europe. Okay. Who went to, you know, now according to the Bible or whatever, thousands of years ago, we were all from there. But the Jews from Europe went and started there. But lots of other Jews just didn't leave Europe or didn't leave America. And so they never had anything to do with Israel. With Israel. Israel, yeah. Oh, Okay. But they still play on kind of like your, you know, come on, you gotta support us 'cause we're for you.


We're, this is the Jewish state. This is what protects Jewish people. So a lot of Jews do feel sympathy to Israel. Even the ones who don't have like any, any connection. Even ones who have never been there. Okay. Like me. Got it, got it. Okay. No, that's interesting. Yeah. 'cause sometimes I wonder like, yeah. 'cause I start hearing about like Jewish, then I hear Zionist and Zionist means, Zionist means, I think technically speaking, Zionist means you believe that Jews should have a homeland in what is now called Israel. So that's more like the belief that Jews should have this country over there. And then there now then there's like kind of a separation between that.


And someone could theoretically be a Zionist, but also be like, the way they're doing it over there is all wrong. Right. Okay. So you don't have to like support the government, but Zionists typically means that, but now it's just kind of become, it's become shorthand for someone who supports Israel. Okay. Okay. So someone who supports the country, Israel, right, is Zionist. And what sometimes I see black Zionists, is that just like, is that like Zionism just like with a backbeat or whatever? Like what is, because I, you know what I'm talking about? Yes. That, well, those guys And they're like, we're the reels. And I'm like, I don't know. What is all, That's a whole other thing. Those guys, they, So I grew up in New York City and they would always be out like in midtown Manhattan. Yeah. And there was no, lemme tell you something.


And Theo, I mean, I've come up around some incredibly talented comedians. I've seen some of the best in the world. There is no better comedy show than being like 15. And just sitting there and watching these guys, they'd scream at people and then people would get furious back at them. I've watched like they, because their thing is that they're the real Jews. And then they get like, little old Jewish men will start yelling at them. No, you're not the real Jew. I'm the real Jew. And we would just be like, stone teenagers just watching, just loving. It's like, with the real slim savings, please stand up. You know? Is that an okay Jewish joke to make or not? That's, I mean, as far as I'm concerned, it's good. Okay. Just, yeah. Sorry, I, again, I thought it was pretty, that was pretty good.


No, so they, I don't know what their whole claim is. I don't know. But they say they're the real Jews and the Jews are just pretending to be the Jews, but they're really the white devils or something. I don't, Yeah. 'cause that's a new thing I've been seeing. I would see it and then sometimes I wouldn't see it. And now in different, when I'm in, sometimes I'm performing in different cities, you'll see a, a group of black Zionists and they're trying to get you in into something, you know? And I can't tell what it is. And, but yeah. And then you see, you hear a lot of different terms. So Yeah. I was just curious about that. Dave Smith, thanks for joining, man. Absolutely. You are a comedian and a, I wanna say like a politico, is that fair to say? Kind of, or Sure. You're like somebody with a point of view. Yeah, definitely. That, yep. I love, I, I am obsessed with politics and I talk a lot of shit about it.


So Yeah. I guess whatever you wanna call that, but yeah. And You're very funny, man. Well, thank you. And, and you are a libertarian, is that right? Yes. Okay. And this is awesome, man. 'cause so much of my audience and me really is just like, I don't know what a lot of the terminology is, right? Like even asking you about Zionists, like you hear it, but you're like, what is it? Right. What is, what is libertarian mean To, to me it's basically just, it's the belief in like in in self ownership, in non-aggression and private property. Basically the idea of libertarianism is that like, you own your body, you own your life. You ought to be free. So long as you're not, I impeding on the rights of other people.


You ought to be able to do whatever you want to do. Okay. And so a belief in free market, capitalism, peace, non-intervention, and just basically the idea of what, the idea of what most people think of Americanism as that like, Oh yeah, you have freedom of speech, you have the right to own a gun. You have the right to own some property. You have the right to, to live your life the way you see best. And do, do libertarians believe in government? Well, there's a range of, of different, you know, thoughts within Libertarians. I, to the extent that libertarians believe in government, we believe like the role of government is to protect people's liberty. Government shouldn't be doing anything more than that.


Yeah. Like if they're doing anything more than that, then they've become tyrannical. Yeah. Which I think is true, I think is just objectively true. Like no matter what is, if government's doing anything that is more than just protecting property or protecting people, then it's always at the expense of someone. Even if they're giving somebody something, they're taking it from someone else. 'cause they don't actually have anything themselves. Right. So like, what would an example of that be? Kind of, I mean, anything like, even if you just took it down to like, if the government is cutting a check to one person, well, how do they get that check? Right. It's not like, you know what I mean? Like, they didn't pool their money together to give that person give, they took it from someone. Right. They taxed one group of people to give it to another. Got it.


So any service is falls within that. Got it. Understood. Cool, man. Yeah. I, okay, so that's good information. Thanks. What, let's talk about some things that are happening right now. One of the biggest ones right now is TikTok and the sale of it. Right? Like, there's a big uproar right now. You see a lot of videos on TikTok about what to do if TikTok disappears, where to go. People are like, there's like safe rooms and shit. I'm like, I think people are probably, they'll figure it out, but maybe some people won't. What do you think is behind the TikTok band? Do you think it's actually going to get banned? I'm very unsure about the second question. I really don't know.


It'll be interesting. I don't use TikTok and So I don't really, but have a connection to like tho, but the people who love TikTok, I've seen this too. They're losing their minds. Yeah. Like, they're like, I, I think they are some type of addicted to it. What's behind it is really interesting. And I think that that's like, it's kind of a, it's a, it's a microcosm of like kind of what's going on in general, but TikTok very quietly to people who are not like on it and not using it. But it became like the main like news source for young people. Yeah. And, and like, in a crazy way that for people our age, if you even think back to like when we were little kids, it's so, like, it's hard to even imagine that it's real.


It's like, oh, they now, these young people are connected to information in a way that totally like goes around older people at all. They have nothing to do with it. You know what I mean? Like, and Nancy Pelosi's sitting there just furious like, what is this? Know what they don't care about? Like they don't even know the people on TV news, you know? No. And so, okay, when I say this, I'm not just like pulling this outta my ass. Like there was like one, it might have been the head of the a DL, but it was someone real high up in the, in the a DL who said this and what, what is a DL? The Anti-Defamation League. And then there was a Anti-Defamation league. So there it's like graffiti or whatever. Yeah. Well, not exactly, they're not, the name doesn't exactly describe what they do, but they're one of these people.


Yes. In fact, it was him. It was Greenblatt, CEO of Anti-Defamation League. Yeah. They're, they're a league that was started by Jewish people. And it was kind of, at, at least at the beginning, I think was to be whatever, fighting antisemitism or exposing this stuff. They've, they've come to be an organization that will really try to go after and ruin anybody who's critical of Israel. Right. I saw they had some issue with Elon now I remember maybe a year ago or eight months ago or something. That was something with him. Maybe that was a DL Okay. Yeah. It's, it's possible. But so they, one of the things that they were real upset about was that from October 7th, 23, up until now, TikTok has just been dominated by, you know, anti-Israel, kind of critical of this war.


That's where a lot of the young people are seeing all the images of like the Palestinian babies dying and stuff. Oh yeah. The kids, like, people like be begging for food and stuff like that. A lot of, yeah. Like the ICC when they tried to send like condemn Netanyahu that was loose on there. Yep. Or it was real information, but Yes. Yes. That's right. And if you remember, it was really interesting to me. But what, I don't know, what is it, like a year ago around now, Osama bin Laden's letter to America went viral on TikTok. It was so fascinating for me. Like, I'm, I'm 41, and So I was 18 when nine 11 happened. Wow. You know, and then it's interesting to watch this whole new generation of 18 year olds like discover this for the first time.


It's like, Oh yeah, there was a, a whole thing went down. And they're actually reading Osama bin Laden's own letter about why he did it. Yeah. Now, of course, they're young lefties, so a lot of times, I mean, you know, they were like, Osama was right. And, you know, I'm not saying they took like the best message from it, but what it was interesting to watch them kind like in engaging. Yeah. It's like wearing that she Vera shirt, you know? Yeah. You're like, I don't know exactly what he was doing, but Yeah. It seems cool. It seems like a vibe. But then also to hear from like a person who was labeled completely as horrible. Right, right. As the enemy like Osama bin Laden was and to see some of their thoughts, right. Like to see how they believe that they came to be the enemy.


Right. Not taking a side in it, but just like, it's kind of fascinating that you weren't able to really get some of those in some places. And some platforms you might not be able to hear that view. Well, imagine, I mean, like, imagine it was just like a, like a personal thing. Like if I, if there was like, if I told you I was like in an argument with someone, like a mutual friend of ours, and I was like, you know me and this guy just got in a huge fight. And you were like, what happened? And I was like, well, he's a monster. He's evil. He hates everything good. He's made of pure venom. And I think you, you might be like, okay, but like, what's really going on here? 'cause that, like, it's not a matter of taking sides to just be like, he probably has a, a side too. Right. He has a point of view.


Like he probably has a point. And, and what the American people were told, I remember when I was 18, was they hate us for our freedom. And like, that was the, that was all you were allowed to think of. Al-Qaeda right after nine 11 was like, they did this. 'cause they hate freedom. They hate ev they hate your mom. They hate everything about our life. They hate everything. That's good. They hate that we have, you know, whatever that we're Christian, whatever it is. And Or yeah. Freedom of religion. They hate any of that. Yes. But there was all these, it was like, but the only way you could get that information was through like the main networks. Yeah. You Had Hadda, listen to Dick Cheney have a conversation with some news lady on CNN or something like that. But what's interesting, I think for a lot of these young people is when you read Osama Bin Laden, you realize that, and I don't think the conclusion should be that he was right.


Obviously you're never right when you're killing civilians. Right. But note to Israel, but he had legitimate grievances and a bunch of those grievances are things that No, that they never wanted the American people to know about because then you might have a slightly different feeling about the war. I think the same thing's true with the war in Ukraine too. It's like, why they never want you to hear what Putin's issue actually is. Why did he invade this country? This is why they all flipped out when Tucker went and interviewed him. Yeah. Because you're like, oh shit. You get to hear his perspective now. And it's not that necessarily the correct position is to side with Putin. It's not, or to side with Osama. It's not. But it's, it's, it's not wrong to recognize that. Like, okay, they, he's got a point about this.


He's got a point about that Osama, aside from being an Islamist, which we all know he was, and what Does Islamist mean? Well Meaning like how fundamentalist, you know, not just a Muslim, but like a believer in like the most fundamentalist doctrine of Islam. Okay. So he was that, but then he's got all these grievances listed in his declaration of War against America in his open letter to America. What Were some of 'em? Can we bring 'em up, do you think? Or is it too deep to go into? No, No. I mean it's, it's not even that that complicated. I mean, the major ones were, the number one was that we have military bases in their holy land in Saudi Arabia. They hate this. They find this to be like a total, and I'm no like, expert on Islam, but from their perspective, this is blasphemy.


Oh, I could imagine that. Say if I'm going to my church or my religious place, my place of worship. Oh yeah. And there's a guy sitting over there And a foreign military Right. Foreign group loudly drinking out of a juice box or something and you know, pouring scale, you know, a loud candy in his hand. 'cause he doesn't give a fuck. Yeah. He doesn't even probably recognize that my religion even exists. He may not, he may or may not, but either way. But still, that's gonna make me fme. Oh dude. But also like, I mean, look, if we, even if just you looked at it from a not religious point of view. I mean, if there was like Chinese or Russian military bases in our country and we knew that like they're the real boss. Right. You know what I mean? Like it's not, let's get real, America is not like on par with the Saudi government.


Right. We are the world empire and there are little satellite over there that would make people infuriated. Yeah. I mean people, people over here, liberals over here got infuriated about Trump being connected to Russia and that wasn't even true. Yeah. So like, imagine it was true. Yeah. And there were Russian bases, like all over the place. People would lose their minds. It be, Yeah. That wouldn't stand for it. That was a major, that was the major one. But it's the military bases. It was us, us our support for Israel and what they do to the Palestinians. And then He mentioned that Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This was the major, major part. Wow. I didn't Know that. The beef, yes. So they, he, they were furious about that because they, you know, Israel is not too kind to their Palestinian neighbors.


And so they, that was a big part of it. Yeah. It's Heartbreaking over there. Oh yeah. And, and, and you know, the war, this has been the worst thing that Israel's ever done to the Palestinians over the last year plus. But it's not like this is where it started. It was going on since, you Know, yeah. We had some, we had some guys come on and talk about Israel and Palestine, just like the histories of both of them. You know, it was cool. We had Rabbi Wolfe come on and we had Boim, Yusef Yusef come on. And just to give like the two different kind of different sides and take us through some the different perspectives of history. But yes. So this was the message right here that, that Osama had written. Right. Yep. So those were some of his big issues.


Yes. Looks like it here. I can't bullet Okay. Criticism of American military bases in the Middle East condemnation of US support for Israel, accusation of us exploitation of the regions. So, and number number three. So there, what he, what he was specifically talking about, And let's just say it. So we, well, So what it says here is, I'm not sure what we're reading, but accusations of us, exploitation of the region's natural resources. And what he's talking about there is us insisting that they keep oil artificially low, the price of oil artificially low. Which is true. I mean the, you know, even just when I remember a couple years ago when inflation was at its worst by the Biden administration just asked the Saudis to lower the price of oil because, you know, then, well that'll make prices cheaper here help face less political pressure of people being mad about gas being so expensive.


But when you really think about what that the ask is there, the ask is, Hey, make your people poorer so that our people can be richer. Mm. And so this was a big beef they had too. But then By lowering the value of it, basically Yeah. By saying it's worth less. Right. By selling it for less. Got it. We get cheaper energy, but your people get less money. Mm. So that was one of their major beefs. And then the, at the time, you gotta remember, 'cause this was in the nineties, or actually I'm not sure the letter to America might have been later, but his declaration of war against America was like in 96. But so the big thing at the time was the Clinton's bombing campaign of Iraq and his blockade of Iraq. So there's like, it's debated how many people died from it.


The UN estimated at one point that 500,000 children had died from starvation and malnutrition. Wow. So that was enough. So it's like he had all these grievances and a lot of 'em involved the us either directly or indirectly killing Muslim kids. Yeah. And you know, I mean look, I I obviously you're he's wrong for doing terrorism, but I think most of us could admit that like Yeah. If anyone, you know, if, if any of us like children that we care about, we're being slaughtered, we might be ready to do some violent stuff on behalf of that too. I mean, Well, depending on what perspective you look up, Robin Hood is a tale of a terrorist. It depending on what perspective you look at it through. Yeah. No, I mean, look, and, and that's, or, or you know, even, you Know what I'm saying?


Does that make any sense to you? A little bit? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think the, like I think according to the British Empire, our founding fathers were a bunch of terrorists probably. Right? Oh, well, When you could look back to American history, I mean, what we did along to the Native American Sure. They had huge beef amongst each other. Yeah. But they were also blatantly lied to and taken advantage of countless times. Absolutely. Yeah. By other people that had come in, you know, by white settlers that had come in or, and by the Spanish as well know, a lot of times it all gets put onto Honkeys or whatever, but it was also darker honkeys the Spanish. Yeah. Just so you know, we don't even consider them white. Okay. So it was really your beefs with each other. But, But let's, so let's, let's tie this back into the TikTok now.


Okay. So you're saying that it's because, and this, I believe that, yeah. One of the main reasons TikTok has been banned is, or is there's a threat of the ban or the force of the sale is because they don't want it to be in the hands of a place where they can't have the other side of the story come out. Well, yeah. Whether it be about Palestine or about anything, don't Say no. The cover story, the reason they claimed at first that they were trying to ban it was 'cause of China. But it really wasn't until the war broke out in Gaza that this pressure kind of started mounting. But the China thing, I mean, I don't know, you know, I remember like Tucker did a whole thing on this back when he still had the show on Fox News and he was showing the thing where like, I don't know, have you ever seen like the way the algorithm on TikTok works in China compared to the way it works in America, right.


There's is more educational and fun. The number one trending video for 17 year olds in China is like a kid playing the violin or something. And then ours is just some chick twerking, you know, like on a sports car, something like that. And then they were like kind of saying like, oh, see, it's China's poisoning our kids' minds. But I always thought, I mean, I don't know what the answer is, but like, isn't it possible that our kids are just Poisoning our minds? Po Yeah. Like their algorithm is just showing them this garbage and their algorithm is showing them this. 'cause like if I go, if I just made a conscious effort to go on Twitter every day and only look up like violin lessons, I'm sure that's what the algorithm would start sending me right after a while. So I, I've always like been suspicious that it is like, I think our culture's just messed up and that's, oh, We're a worst enemy at the Yeah.


A lot of the same time because it's like, we want certain things, but we're not willing to let go of any comforts or any, or really battle some of our addictive natures, you know? Yeah. I think some of that too is just a side effect of capitalism and a side effect of comfort over time and a side effect of like kind of deterioration of our society. You know, like even if you look at, like, I was reading this the other day about pornography, like a lot of the, the videos and pornography, someone will be like, dad's daughter. Yeah. Dad's, when you really think about the fact that that's how they're, you know what I'm saying? It's like there's somebody has a dark goal to tear down. Like that little things like family, things that matter.


You know what I'm saying? Like, so, You know, I, I was wondering, I remember asking a friend about this, like, this was a while ago, but it was 10 years ago or something like that. But it was like, when I started noticing that, I was like, what's up with all the porn categories of like family swap and this and that? And a buddy of mine said this to me and I thought, oh man, that kind of makes sense. But he was like, oh, you know what it is, is he goes, nowadays, like families are so broken up and mish meshed and everyone's from divorces and everything that so many people grew up with like a stepmom and step siblings. So you just be a kid and then all of a sudden you got like these new girls who aren't your mother and sister.


Right. You know what I mean? Like living in your house. And so they're like, that's what led to the, which I don't know if that theory is correct or not. It Sounds like bad dude. But I Thought that was kind of, I was like, yeah, either he's a really sick person or you're onto something. That guy sounds like he was building a, like he was literally using you to build a case for, for a future indictment he was gonna face. But no, it's kind of, He came out with it really quickly too. Like it was, He's like, we just signed sign this petition right on your date. He goes, I'm so glad you asked. I've been dying to talk to someone about this, But let me, I'm trying to tell this, what were we talking about in my mind? Just like, what TikTok and then, But TikTok. Yeah. Like, yeah. We're also part of the, our own pro. It's like we just keep creating this stuff, but, or just ridiculousness.


We, and we get addicted to the ridiculousness, but also some of that's part of the freedom of just being in a place where you can make whatever you want. And you have that like, freedom of creation kind of to an extent or freedom of your own creativity. Some places you can't even really be creative in because it's not, it's not not allowed, but at the expressions of certain creativities aren't Yeah. I don't buy the Chinese, I don't, I don't know if I buy the Chinese thing or not. Because to me it's like, aren't all these apps, like all of them seem like they're foreign to me. Yeah. Like they're, And what difference does it make? I mean, I I I just, you know, I know people were giving me shit. 'cause I said something about this on, on Pierce Morgan's show the other day, but, you know, they were trying to make it out.


Like it was, it was, the topic was about how Mark Zuckerberg just announced that he's gonna let people Oh yeah. Talk on Facebook again or whatever. And you know, they, someone was arguing with me that like, well the government, the US government has to like, have these conversations with Facebook because all of these foreign governments are trying to propagandize us. And I'm just like, I don't know, after the last few years, how, how are you gonna tell me that the, that DC should get in charge? Because other people are trying to lie to us. Like all of the most blatant, most consequential lies have come from my own government. Government. So like, I just don't get worked up over this. Like, Iran is trying to propaganda.


I agree. Okay. So like, tell me, when was the last time Iran had like an effective propaganda campaign that actually, you know, like, like led to something in America? Okay. Well my own government had this country, like literally had people like cutting family members out of their lives. 'cause they didn't take a vaccine. Yeah. And the Russiagate ho like About these Yeah. The Russia ga you literally sat here all you guys for four years And Literally told us that what if true would've been the biggest story in the history of the United States of America. Nothing true at all. That, that. But imagine if it were true. Like you were making the claim that the sitting president of the United States of America is involved in a conspiracy with a hostile foreign power. It was all bullshit and all, you guys still have your jobs. Yeah. All the people who sold that are still the ones complaining on the news today that no one trusts him without even thinking about that.


Yeah. And you could ask in a regular, I'm a pretty regular guy. I think, you know, like, and I don't mean that in like a braggy way. I just feel like I try to, you know, I try to be smarter. Sometimes it's hard for me. I, and then I realized I just have to try my best at where I'm at. And I knew, I thought immediately Russia, I was like, they're running outta steam. They have an old dude. A lot of people go over there for perverted stuff. You know, it's like, I could certainly see a lot of our leaders passing through there and, you know what I'm saying? Right. We'll do a few favors for Russia because they don't want some videos getting released. But I don't think that this old, you know, this, they're, they don't seem like they're on the cusp of, of like cha like holding us at bay for something, you know?


No, I just immediately, they didn't pass the smell test to me. Well Also just that it's Donald Trump. I mean, like, say whatever you want about Donald Trump. He was a known commodity. Yes. He's like the most American thing. He's the most famous rich guy of all time. Like, you're telling me he was a Russian spy. It just made, it made no sense. And they, they had nothing. They had no evidence to support it At all. Never all, they just beat you into it over and over again with the beliefs.


Oh, I just got a notification from Moonpay that Bitcoin is trading at near $100,000. Well, now that's crazy. It's, it's just off, its all time high of $108,000 in December. If you're interested in Bitcoin or crypto, then you need to download the Moonpay app. That's it. Moonpay is like your friendly neighborhood convenience store. If all it sold was crypto and it was open 24 hours a day, when you buy crypto with the Moonpay app, you can use any of your favorite payment methods like Apple Pay, Venmo, PayPal, credit, and debit. They took out the hassle of buying crypto and made it as easy as buying a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. Hmm. Thank you Moonpay. In the last week, people in over 100 countries have bought Bitcoin using Moonpay. If you wanna be one of them, visit Moonpay dot com slash t to download their app on iPhone or Android and create a free account. When you create a Moonpay account, you can also use it to buy crypto on other popular wallets and trading apps like Phantom Exodus, meta Mask and Trust wallet. That's Moonpay dot com slash THE or just search Moonpay in the app store. And I'm not giving you investment advice, I don't have that. But I am telling you that if you want to go with Crypto Moonpay is the way


you're a startup founder. That's what you are. You've, you've founded a startup and, and now you've gotta find product market fit. That's right. That's probably your number one priority. Now maybe you have a new software, you have a new type of drone that takes family photos from outer space. Or maybe you have a, you developed a new shoe and it purifies water and sorts coins while you walk. I don't know. But finding product market fit is probably your number one priority. But to land bigger customers, you also need security compliance. That's where Vanta comes in. Vanta is the all-in-one compliance solution. Helping startups like yours get audit ready and build a strong security foundation quickly and painlessly. How well Vanta automates the manual security tasks that slow you down, helping you streamline your audit, join over 9,000 companies, including many Y Combinator and Techstars startups who trust Vanta, simplify compliance and get $1,000 off at Vanta dot com slash THEO. That's VANT a.com/theo for $1,000 off.


And the thing, and that's where I think that's really where I think the media started to go really lose its grip on, on people and, and on control. And so that's why I really worry a lot. Like with this TikTok ban, I'm like, well, 'cause if news is getting out there right. About all types of things, it could be like, there was also a lot of Barbara O'Neill. Did you see those clips on her? She's a medicine woman, an Australian medicine woman. Okay. But there was a lot of like natural remedy stuff, right. That started to e just be put out there. Like, I don't know if it was valid or not, but it was like, you would see a ton of it. Like, like so basically opposition to all these medicines, you all these like prescriptions you need.


Like, So I could see certainly how nobody, like the powers that be if they exist, don't want a lot of this type of information out there. Oh yeah, of course. And especially with Palestine, you know, I don't think, you know, I, I don't under, you know, I don't understand what's going on over there. I mean, that Netanyahu guy, I mean, what he's doing to these people is like, it's the most inexcusable, just horrific thing in the world. And the fact that, you know, like I said this on Rogan's podcast and I, I got shit for it, but I stand by this. But it's just like, you know, it's just like throughout all the history, there's just all this horrible shit.


There's just slavery and wars and genocides and ethnic cleansing campaigns and all this. And every single point in history, there was someone there who would justify it and be like, no, we have to. We have to. And for we have reasons why it's okay to do this. And they bend over backward and twist themselves into pretzels to explain why they're the real victims. And they really have to do this to these people. 'cause if they don't, then they do it to them. But it's all indefensible. You're like, you're just defending evil shit. And I feel the same way about Israel, man. Yeah. Like, it's just you to defend what they're doing to a group of people who are captive, who they've been occupying since 1967. You know, you've been occupying people. They have, they don't have a military, they don't have a government, they don't have an air force.


They don't have a, they have no means of defending themselves. Yeah. And you are just destroying the place, but You're not letting the news out. That's the thing. Right? Yeah. You're not letting people get a fair take of what could potentially be going on there. Right. You're not letting it, you're doing everything you can to stop that. Right. To Stop. Well, it's, they always do. They, you know, the only thing that's different is that now it's actually a challenge for them to do that. So throughout, but every war relies on lies and every war relies on totally dehumanizing the enemy. Right. 'cause if you can't do that, you're in a lot of trouble. You know, if you leave just a little inch of humanity for those people, then immediately you're gonna go, oh my God, what are we doing? Like Yeah. Because if that was your like brother's kid or your nephew, your son, your, you'd lose your mind about someone doing that to them.


Oh, Well, I think it's like, I'm not an anti-Israel guy. I am a but That guy seems, it just seems he gives me this vibe that it's evil. Right. And it's not something I am making in my head. It's something that starts inside of me. Yeah. It's not like I'm, because I know it, because I knew it when I went to Cuba when I was in college, and I would see people that would come up to the windows and they weren't allowed to share what they, their, they Had Hadda whisper if they wanted to tell you something. Right. Or when we went to the libraries there, and they only had books that started at Fidel, their history books started at fucking Fidel. Yeah. That's crazy. So if you're a kid and you wanted to, you couldn't, you didn't exist.


Your grandparents didn't even whoever, your essence didn't exist, you know? So, and they had, I read a quote somewhere that the, the Yya guy that his father said that, oh, he didn't like Arabs. Right. And he didn't like the essence of Arabs. And that to me was just like a thing. Like that's the same type of shit. It seemed like that Hitler would've said. Yeah. Like, I don't like whatever the, the, the granule, the grain. I don't like the, the, the atom of this person. Yeah. I don't know, man, maybe. And, and I don't Know. No, it's, listen, I mean it's, there's, you know, my, it just makes Mes and the biggest thing, it just breaks my heart.


Like, and So I know when that kind of shit's happening, where my feel, it's like that's where it comes from. It's like, you know, it just like, I don't know. I've always Had Hadda barometer for like the underdog. I think, you know, and maybe that's all, maybe some of it's that too, you know, I don't know everything, I don't know a ton of history, you know. But, but yeah, some of that shit, it just fucking hurts. When you think about how many children have been killed, how many kids have been killed over there? Estimation. I mean, the estimates I think are, have been so far. They like under counted. I think a lot more people than we initially thought are dying. But it was, I think I saw in the estimation, the estimate was that two thirds of the dead were women and children.


So I don't know what, you know, exactly the breakup between the women and children is, and I don't know if there are good numbers on that, but Gaza is 50% children. Like, that's one of the major things that makes it such a humanitarian. Well, yeah. 'cause it sounds like such a fun place to kids Gaza, if you tell a kid, like, where are we gonna go? You know what I'm saying? If you're like, we're gonna go to like a Disney Park, Yemen or Gaza, they're gonna go there. One of the parks at Disney World. It's like, And I don't mean that Epcot, Gaza, I here conservative figures show that more than 6,000 women, 11,000 children were killed in Gaza by the Israeli military over the last 12 Months. I mean, it's way, this is way, way under counted. It seems like it to me. Yeah. For Today. Like as of right now, I think the estimates are much Higher.


And this dude, here's the toughest part. My, a lot of my Jewish friends are heartbroken by this man. Yeah. And they'll come to me and, you know, and we will be talking about it, you know, because, and they're just like, it's just sick that this is the guy who's representing us, you know, and that this is the choice. I don't understand why, but I guess if you live in Israel, then you feel like, well, these people are gonna kill us. And so you don't have, you have to, you have no choice but to support your governor. I mean, I don't know if you have no choice but there, but there's definitely like, there's this human impulse and it's, this is always what's going on with all these wars on both sides. Right. I'm gonna get in trouble for talking about this, do you think? Yeah, Probably. I don't know. I don't know.


But yeah, maybe I can't really get in any more trouble. Have you been in a lot of trouble? Well, I've been talking about it so much for the last year, and I don't know what trouble even means anymore. I mean, I'm fine. So like some people seem mad at me on the internet, but I don't care. And so it's, I fuck, it seems okay. But you know, of course, like you, I could totally imagine that if you were like, let's say it, one of your family members was killed by Hamas militants on October 7th. I could understand where you'd have the attitude. You'd be like, man, let's go fucking fuck this fucking up. Oh, I turned in. Yeah. I turned in old William Wallace, you know? Sure. But that's, but that also is the same thing that's going on with the Palestinians.


Right? Right. And so a whole bunch of them, in fact, a lot more of them have seen their family members killed and stuff. And so they're ready to go, you know, like slaughter as many people as they can. In the same sense that like right after nine 11 Americans were like, Hey, let's go, let's go blow some shit up. I mean, I don't know, you tell us who did this and let's go blow them up. And then like, even if it's not exactly the people who did it, you know? Okay. I mean, when we fought the war in Afghanistan, even forget Iraq, that just had nothing to do with it. But in Afghanistan it's like, it wasn't Afghans who attacked us. It was, it was some Arabs who were Saudi Arabians. Yeah. Right. It was Saudis and Egyptians Right. Who were hanging out in Afghanistan. And then we the, with the special ops submissions, we drove them all out and destroyed all their bases.


And then it was like, okay, we got this Taliban here. Well, they're not exactly guilty of it, but well, something's gotta be blown up and so we're gonna go fight those guys. So, but then the thing is that if you, the thing with Osama bin Laden's letter is that you're like, oh. But that's kind of their motivation too. Like, they're also a bunch of people going, Hey, we just saw a bunch of our people get killed. We're gonna come fuck some of you guys up. Yeah. And so that's kind of the attitude everybody has. Yeah. Well that's the crazy thing. It's like you, and the, the toughest part is the people are the ones who have to go and shed the blood. The people are the ones who have to have the blood shed Yep. Based on what their leaders who they elect. And they would never elect them and tell them to do that, then choose to do, that's what I'm just like, how does this, but then that's how things, that's just being alive, I guess in, in, in human sometimes as sad as that is or that's just how humanity's gone for a long time and society has gone and war has gone.


But yeah, you have to think how many Iraq Iraqi people who had nothing to do with nine 11 if, if they had nothing to do with it, were affected by our military presence over there and are just waiting in the wings to affect harm on New America. Well, I mean there's, this is why we Had Hadda deal with that insurgency over there that took us so many years to ultimately lose to, you know, there's people, people don't like when you invade their country and destroy and destroy their homes and kill their relatives and stuff like that. And yeah, imagine if you think about that. First of all, nobody in Iraq had anything to do with, with nine 11. I mean, there were some Al-Qaeda members who came into Iraq to fight as part of the insurgency after we invaded.


But like when we invaded, there was no one in Iraq who had anything to do with nine 11. And They must've been like, what the fuck? Well imagine particularly if you're a, you're like Saddam Hussein was their problem, not ours. Like Saddam Hussein was a brutal dictator, but he wasn't our brutal dictator. He was there, they were the ones who Had Hadda live under Saddam Hussein. So now they're living under this brutal dictator. And then they got the most powerful military in the history of the world, invading and just wrecking the country all because the, well, and we could get into that, but largely because Netanyahu wanted us to do it. Did he really? Netanyahu is a huge, huge part of the war in Iraq. Why do we keep supporting him?


The, it's, there's an interesting dynamic. I mean, there's a lot of things going on. So part of it is that there's the, well there were the neo-conservatives who were really big in the George W. Bush years, and they were all of them fanatically pro-Israel. There is, there's APAC and there's the A DL and the Southern Poverty Law Center. And there are these organizations in the country that will, they, it is their business to ruin your life if you're against Israel, particularly if you're in politics and you're against Israel. I mean, they just poured insane amounts of money they lost. But they tried to get Thomas Massey primaried out of his congress seat.


And Hess the guy that doesn't wanna have APAC guy, right? Yeah. He's the only one who doesn't, according to him, the only one who doesn't have an APAC guy. So they do not like him, But do. But is there's, but There, the other, there there's lots of other factors involved in this. There's also like things like, oh, there's blackmail operations, there's like, like Epstein stuff like that. And then there's also evangelical Christians in this country fanatically support Israel as well. So there's like a whole bunch of forces that Israel has a, let's say, a, a very outsized influence on US policy. Is there something that I guess that Yeah, I, I guess I don't understand why we would support it while they're doing that murdering.


Yeah. Well, and then even if You, unless there's something I don't unders, like that's also the thing. It's like, are do we, are they just our best friend from a long time? And that's just what it is. And so it's like, I, like, I I, I just, I worry that, I just also don't understand like the history of much as why, why there is so much support there. Well it's been, But you have to have a support in the Middle East. You have to have like a friend in there. Well that's been, that was the thinking for a long time. Right. You know, and that it's, and, and that if we had, you know, there was a big concern a lot of people in the American security apparatus back in the day, that the Soviet Union was gonna take control of the Middle East.


And if they really controlled that oil supply, then they would be too strong and we'd have a real problem on our hands. This is why Jimmy Carter, who just died, he in in 1980, declared the, what's known as the Carter Doctrine, where he was like, listen, we are treating the Persian Gulf like it's America. If essentially saying to the US SR they had already invaded Afghanistan. And it was like, if you invade Iran, we are going to fight on, we're gonna fight with the US military 'cause we won't let you have all of this. So that's always been a concern. And I do think that Israel being kind of like our buddy there felt like, okay, this will be a good way that we can control the region. But then, you know, this is a, yeah, he, this was at his State of the Union in early 1980s.


Yeah. The Carter Doctrine was a policy proclaimed by president of the United States, Jimmy Carter in his state of the Union address on January 23rd, 1980, which stated the United States would use military force if necessary to defend its national interests in the Persian Gulf. So there's a ton of business interests over there. And there's a ton of like peacekeeping or what we believe is peacekeeping over there. By the way, there's just a, it's interesting here, right? So this is, he's saying this in January of 1980. It was in 1979 was when the Ayatollahs had the revolution in Iran. So this is the government that's in Iran today, our mortal enemy. They had just come into power. So what Jimmy Carter's talking about doing here is defending Iran against the Soviet Union, like this country now that is the one that they all want war with.


Back then he was like, but, but if you know what I mean, if Gorbachev or whoever was Gorbachev in there yet by 80. Yeah, I think so. They'd be like, if he goes and, and moves on Iran, then we are gonna come to the defense militarily of Iran. Which is just kind of weird to think about now. So this was saying that if Soviet, if the Soviets intervene, then we're gonna come and defend Iran. Yeah. And they had just, well they had just law. They had just lowered them into the war in Afghanistan, which was also their plan. And this guy za big za, big new Brozinsky, who you see down there, he's the national security advisor. He had been the one who really pushed this, this policy of lowering the Soviets into Afghanistan to give them their own Vietnam was the idea.


And I, a lot of people credit that as one of the major factors that brought the Soviet Union down. And so that, so we had lured him into a war in Afghanistan, but then they got real concerned that like, while they're here, they might also just go take Iran. So we better send them a message. Like, if you do that, you're gonna have problems. Wow. So that was the idea, was to keep 'em outta there. Just shows you how much we've had. Like, once you become this thing, that's this entity that's trying to control everything, how many, it's hard to keep, you know, they say like, it's hard to keep track of the lies or whatever. That's not really it, but it's hard to, it just seems like hard to manage. It's hard to be an air traffic controller for the world, you know, especially when the, the planes have different religions and ideas and histories and beliefs and, you know, hopes, you know, it's, that's, Oh, it's, it's insane.


I mean, the job's, right? Yeah. I mean, imagine it's just impossible. It's Impossible. But that's, I'm saying, it seems impossible. And especially at a time when our own country's struggling so much. And I don't know, may I, I hope I, yeah. I don't mean to be like mean to Israel, I just don't understand, I, you know, I love my Jewish friends. I don't understand that shit though. I don't understand why, why they're doing that over there. And then I think it's falls in the power of this, this, the, the, the wealthier person to figure it out, you know? Well, That's right. That's exactly right. And it's that if you're coming from, if you're in a situation where you're, look, when, when it comes to Israel and Palestine, it's not, there's no parody between the two of them. It's not like, oh, these are two nation states around the same strength.


Like Palestine does, isn't a nation state. They don't have a government. There's a halfway house of of pe Of of Arabs. Yes. Exactly. And so there's, when Israel has all the power, all the leverage, all the chips, and if you're in a situation where everybody's saying, Hey, you guys have been like at war for so long, and we want peace. Well, who's supposed to make the first concession when one side has all the chips? That's the thing. Obviously you need that side. Don't push me, don't push another bullying video at me. Yeah. Unless it, that's gonna be the first one that you fucking Right. Cite. Exactly. That's the thing. And that's the shit I don't understand. Sometimes it, yeah. I don't know. I don't understand how we would've media that would be like, so anti-bullying and then this fucking bullying is going on.


Yeah. And it's like, well, what, what kind of, who's believing you? You know? Yeah. Or what, or what are we doing? I don't know. And also, I don't fucking know, dude. And I'm like nine days off in nicotine, so, oh, are You really? Yeah. You gave up nicotine. Yeah. Good for you, dude. I mean, I guess, well, were you like smoking or vaping or just doing the pouches? Oh, I would do. I was smoke. I was, I was vaping. Okay. Yeah. I was vaping. It's sad to say it as an adult too, like slipping off, just slurping on. So I know, I'm, I'm, I vape all the time. I'm totally embarrassed by it. So I wish I was a man and I just smoked, but I've, I don't know. But Yeah. But if you go on your porch now and light a pipe, somebody will shoot you with a fucking musket. Yeah. Like, And no one will feel bad for you. Everyone will side with That guy. Yeah.


It'll be like, oh, they'll Like free the slaves and it'll just fucking pull right up and fucking pop one in you. But, so do you believe that the TikTok ban, what do you really believe? Or do you think we're still figuring it out? Do you think that our elected officials will let it stay around? Trump seems like he's wishy-washy on it, even though he Does. Yes. He seems like he's not exactly clear. What? And, and it's weird because the talk was, initially the talk was like that. It was a China thing, and Trump always tried to be the most hawkish on China. But even he does seem like he, it's not, doesn't really seem like he's got strong convictions about getting rid of it. My guess is that TikTok survives, I don't know if I'm right or wrong about that. Frank McCourt and someone else is gonna be buying TikTok, they said.


So I think the thing is that if they sell, then they escape the legislation. 'cause basically it was saying it's because it's owned, their parent company is owned by the CCP or whatever. So it, you know, I have a feeling I think that there's been, there was a real move to really censor the internet over the last few years. It seems to me like it's failed and that they're just, they've accepted they're not gonna be able to do it As the deadline for a potential TikTok ban in the US approaches billionaire and former Los Angeles Dodgers owner. Oh, hell yeah. Frank McCourt's, project Liberty confirmed making a formal offer to bite dance, a platform's Chinese parent company to buy the social media giants, American assets. And he was gonna do it with, in conjunction with one of the guys from Sharks.


Good evening Sharks, whatever that show is. Shark Dance or whatever. Shark Boy. No, there's a woman. Shark Tank. Shark Tank. There you go. Okay. Shark Tank. Who was it? Danny or something from Shark Tank. Oh, one of them billionaires was gonna, yeah, throw in Kevin O'Leary. So him and Kevin O'Leary, I believe, I believe, don't quote me on that was supposed to be, The videos are short on TikTok, right? Isn't that the idea there? Some of 'em now can be longer. Some of them can be. I think 90 seconds is the link on Instagram, right? TikTok can be a couple minutes. Now, Here's a weird thing, how the internet has kind of like very organically grown into almost, it's almost like long form or seven seconds.


Yeah. Like there's no, there's no like middle ground anymore. It's almost like, okay, we want to hear a four hour conversation, or gimme six seconds of whatever you got and then we'll do a hundred thousand of those. Yeah. It is kind of true, huh? TikTok videos can range from three seconds to 60 minutes long. Ooh. Depending on how you film or upload the video. But this also could have been from chat GBT, I don't know where or from ai, this fact. And so who knows if they're harboring that from years ago? And today, videos or images and TikTok stories can go up to 15 seconds long. What? They disappear after 24 hours if you put it in the story. So the way I look at it is kind of like, it's like if you had like say like a buddy of yours or something was in like, just an awful relationship, you know, like, just like the chick he's with is like the worst.


Oh, it's like you hate her and she's shitty to him and she treat, she's so mean to him. She cheats on him. She's just the worst. And then like, if he breaks up with her and he is like, I'm just dating, I'm dating a bunch. And you're like, great, thank God you're like back out there. Go find someone else. That chick was a nightmare, you know? And they'd be like, well, I'm meeting some nice girls, but I'm meeting some real awful girls too. It's like, ah, okay, well, whatever. Just get out there. And, and that's kind of how I feel about, like, I'm just happy that the young generation isn't consuming the corporate media. And like I'm sure on TikTok they get some bad stuff and then they get some good stuff. But at least you're out there like shopping around and you're not just listening to like CNN tell you that Iraq has weapons of mass destruction and we need to go fight this war with them.


Or just listening to M-S-N-B-C tell you that Trump's a Russian spy or whatever. It's like, alright. Yeah, get out there, mingle a little bit. Yeah. See what kind of crazy person's on TikTok? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. One of 'em might be like, oh, it's, you know, one of 'em is like, it's the Jews and then someone else is like, you know, whatever, The gay or whatever, Gays or, okay, maybe some of 'em are wrong, but at least you got a shot of meeting someone who might have something interesting to say to you. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting man. That's certainly, yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah. At least you're kind of out there meeting people. You're, there's def there's everything. There's like people shooting each other. There's Mexican stuff, there's dancing, there's, you know, bacca, there's people getting their nails done.


Sometimes you pop into a live, you don't even know what's going on. You're just seeing some kid's live and he's eating a booga. There's some kid eating, look at this fucking burger. There's some kid like in a broth who lives like the, under a brothel or something in Scotland. And somebody gave him a big burger and he just made this video. He's like, look at this burger. And it's like eight potties, eight potties stocked up boys. And it fucking went crazy. Right. And that kid could be the next governor of Glasgow. Right. But it's like, that's the thing, I think, 'cause people also can, maybe over time, maybe they get to know you. I don't know what it is, but yeah, I think it's fascinating, man. And TikTok, it does pull more my information. And that's the only thing.


I just want it to be fair. That's my thing. I just want it to be fair. Don't say that this, this truth can't come out if this truth can't come out. Like just make it fair. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? If, if, if America isn't a country that's American and it's a country that's owned by other countries, tell me that. If that's the case, but just let me live fair. Let me live through the truth. You know, One, look, 100, 100%. I completely agree. And then also it's just like, I think, like I was saying before, I don't trust any of you motherfuckers to be the arbiter of what is true and what isn't true. I agree. So forget anyone having this control over getting to decide what's misinformation or what's disinformation.


'cause it's the old, it's like the old Lord Atkin quote about like, you know, The Atkins diet, The at He's the original. No, it was before that. He didn't figure that out. But he's the guy who, who said up Lord Atkin or Atkin Atkin. Man, don't mind messing. Ken. I believe he's the one who said the, the quote about power, corrupt power tends to corrupt absolute power. Oh yeah. Corrupts absolutely. But it's like, as soon as you have the power to determine what the truth is, then you're corrupted already just by like having that power. And I never liked fucking rich people anyway, bro. Facts, dude. I fucking hated him. I didn't hate him, but I didn't fucking like him. Yeah. You know, I don't, yeah. I just, I don't know. And maybe, yeah, and I have money now, and that's true.


But I'll never fucking really have money, motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? Not like deep inside of me. You know what I'm saying? No. Yes. Like that part of me will never have any fucking money, bro. Now you need three more generations of Vaughan before you're like a real rich prick who just thinks they're better. Like an old money Von. Oh, deep inside dog. I'm a real fucking Wigga son. You feel me? What else are we, oh, but Kevin O'Leary, I think I wanted to get that right. It was 250 million they offered to investor and shark, tank star. Kevin O'Leary is willing to pay up to 20 billion for TikTok. Calling it a legacy opportunity. I think that that is a steal. Well, Elon bought Twitter for 44 billion, I think.


Right? So, but he's getting his use out of it. I mean, he doesn't sleep. He doesn't seem to be enjoying himself on there. Is He addicted to Twitter? Do you think? He tweets a lot. How many tweets does he have right now? Let's see how many tweets he has. How many tweets? A and he tweets more than we think. I think Dave. It's, it's constant. I've clicked on his thing before and been like, Jesus, How do we see how many It used to show you right up at the top. 66 Point, 66,500 posts right up the s name at the top. Wait, so hold on. 66,500 posts. I wanna like, I Thought that's what it said. Can you find out? How do, there you go. Right there.


66.5. Can you see how Many I have? I'm curious. How many tweets have I ever sent? Like I want to compare this to. Are you big on there, Davy? I mean, I use it pretty often. Yeah. 22,000. All right. I'm, I'm falling behind. How? Wow. I've said you been on. I've spent too much time on Twitter. 2012 it says there. How long have you been on? Well, it says January, 2012. Oh, there you go. So I guess that's, And how long has Elon been on? Well, I guess he was on before, but when did he start really getting in There? I think it was, I think a lot of his have come recently, you know, past year. Yeah, he's real. And it'll be like late at night too. And there'll be like, just like a bunch of 'em. All Hours. Some of it's in like a Barbados accent too.


He Does. He seems like he's bus, like, Bus bus. He's enjoying kind of Bureaucracy. Doge coin. Doge Doge vi Vive bus. Yeah. His shit gets very kind of ArcHa pian sometimes or something. Or Barbadian. Yeah.


A b, C Wednesdays. Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears, Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a couple Of days when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational adults? If you watch the news lately, that's not a thing anymore. New Wednesdays eight seven Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


You all know I like to keep things cool even in the winter. And nothing's cooler than a BlueCube cold plunge. I'm fortunate enough to have one at home. And let me tell you, it's like baptizing your soul, but getting that little crispy bucket, baby. It gets rid of them demons we all have and makes you feel great for seven or eight hours afterwards. It's good. My buddy Thomas Schiffer, the genius behind BlueCube and I go way back and he just launched a presale for their new standup cold plunges. Wow. These things are the Cadillacs of cold plunge therapy. American made full immersion weatherproof frames and built like a Sherman tank. I'll say this. They are built well, and because you're listening to me, you can get a sweet discount when you mention my name. That's right. Just tell 'em Theo sent you and they'll knock a good bid off the price. So if you're ready to boost your metabolism, eliminate inflation and blast away your anxiety, give them a call, head over to their website, BlueCube baths.com and dive into the details. Opt in on their website or give them a call. I am grateful for the one that I have, and I feel honestly thankful to be able to have one. I know they're not in everybody's price range and and that's understandable. But at the same time, I wanna support my friend and is amazing company.


Yeah. What's, what's censorship, what do you think censorship looks like? Like right now? Do you think it's changing? I, it seems to me it's definitely changing. I mean, really drastically. And it's, it's not gone. Like there are still people who are getting censored. And there are still, there was a thing like a couple weeks ago where I guess a, a group of people who, let's say the people who liberals would call anti-Semitic. And I think, you know, like people who talk a lot about the Jews, whatever the, I'm not like trying to add my own value judgment into this, but whatever you think you would call a lot of them lost their blue check marks and like, stuff like that.


But they were accusing people of doing antisemitic. Yeah. Yeah. So there was, there have been like, there are, but I mean, to compare it to like, I mean, during like 20, 20, 20 21, 20 22, I mean, you couldn't, if you said anything about like the vaccine or whatever, I mean, you know, I know you felt it with, you know, you had the thing when Dana White was on, you were talking about sponsors giving you a hard time and stuff. There was a total, not just on social media, but in general there was a total like feeling that like you weren't even allowed to say anything that went against the regime. Oh, for sure. Like the regime is this That's a great point. And if you are against what they're doing right now is, and I mean I, you know, there's always pressure. Like there's always like pe you'll get called names or something if you do that.


But for a while there it was straight up. Like you would lose your, your accounts. And for a lot of people, like, for, for me that was a scary prospect for a long time. 'cause it was kind of like we had, at least in the comedy world that I'm in, and in the political shit talking world that I'm in, it's, I'd kinda long ago accepted like, okay, I'm not gonna get like a corporate job. Like no big corporation is gonna hire me at this point because, which is fine. But then you're like, oh, there's this internet thing. So you can have your show on the internet, you can have your own fans, you can have, but then when you have your Own voice Yeah. But then you're like, oh, they might come and take that away. Yeah. It's not just that you can't get Saturday Night Live or something on Comedy Central or something like that, but it's like, oh, they could come and like, you know, if you, you could have your podcast, but if you can't have, if you can't be on iTunes or YouTube or Facebook or Twitter or whatever, you're kind of screwed in this world.


And So I am very happy that at least now it at least kind of feels like the, the dominant culture seems to more be like, no, we should be able to say what we wanna say right now. I think that's a very positive change. But Are you, are you think you're gonna take me now for talking about yya? No, I think you're gonna be okay on this one, but I don't know. I mean, you know, I would hate to say that. And then like next week you just show up at my house and you're just like, Hey man, can I crash for a while? 'cause you, you ruined me. So that's, I'm be like, all right, but You can be anti yet in Yahoo and not, and that's, you can, I can have that belief if I want. Right. Of, I don't like these practices. Of Course. And it's, oh, it's so ridiculous. The idea of like, in the, in the same way, if you were like, well I don't like Joe Biden very much, and you'd be like, so does that mean you hate Americans?


You'd be like, what? No, I just don't like this guy. And you could hate the whole government and not hate the people. And then, and it's only with Israel and they intentionally do this where they conflate this thing where it's like, oh, if I have the, if I, like, if I was like, if I came and told you like, you know, the government of France just did this thing, I think it's terrible what they did. Or, and there's lots of terrible things that the government of France has done. So I could pick some Yeah. But like, whatever, That doesn't mean I'm not gonna cheer for serial gone when he fights. Yeah. Know, but, And you were like, you're an anti frank. I you hate all the French people. You'd be like, that doesn't even make sense as a response to I have a problem with the government, you know? Yeah. But they tried it. They they use that, you know, with Israel where it's like, oh, if, if you criticize them, you hate Jewish people.


Yeah. That's just what they, That's stupid. It started becoming the boy that cried wolf because they would say that for everything. Yeah. And then it would be like, well what do you, you're not even, you're, you are doing this. Yeah. You're saying this, I this isn't true. Right? Yeah. And it's not even clear sometimes. Like, what do you even mean by that? Yeah. Like, what are you even, and also I do think just like the whole woke stuff has been so rejected, especially recently that you're like, people are kind of sick of just like, like accusations of bigotry aren't actually a response to someone, you know? Yeah. If you're like, if, if, if I say, I think what Israel's doing is wrong and your response is, well you're a bigot. It's like, no, your response should be, oh, I don't think what they're doing is wrong and here's why.


And then we could actually talk about it. Yeah. But just to call someone like, oh, you're a Jew hater, you're racist, you're homophobic, you're, it's, it's just played out and tired. Yeah. Let's talk about Zuckerberg a little bit. 'cause he just had that kind of about face sort of on and Facebook. They just had that kind of about face on Rogan where he was talking about, where's that clip? That clip? Yeah. Right here where he kind of says the Biden administration would call meta to scream and curse it then to censor true information on their platforms. This is what Zuckerberg said, right? What did he say? Play it real quick. A little bit of it. These people from the Biden administration would call up our team and like scream at them and curse.


And it's like these documents are, it's all kinda out there. Did you record any of those phone calls? I don't. No. I don't think, I don't think we, but, but I think I wanna listen. I mean, there are emails. The, the emails are published. It's all, it's all kind of out there and, and they're like, and basically it just got to this point where we were like, no, we're, we're not gonna, we're not gonna take down things that are true. That's Okay. That's ridiculous. They want us to take down this meme of Leonard. Yeah. What do you think about this? To me, I just don't know if I buy, I don't, 'cause Facebook didn't do the best job of, you know, they had issues over the years with the Hunter Biden thing. Right. With the Russia stuff where they wouldn't let people say this is bullshit.


Like, they really chose to decide what was misinformation. It's a bit, so it just seems weird that suddenly people are calling and screaming. I left like the simple facts and you're like, is this, it seemed like now you're trying to seem like, like that wasn't happening the whole time and you weren't listening to it before type of vibe. Yeah. It's a very like, convenient retelling of history Yes. For Zuckerberg to go. So the government was saying, we have to censor these things that are true. And we were like, no, we're not gonna do that. Okay. What really happened is the government said, you're gonna censor these things that are true.


And he said, yes sir. Yeah. And did it for eight fucking years. Okay. And then at the end of these eight years when Trump wins a dominant victory, and now the guy who you kicked off of Facebook is now president again. And now the whole culture's turned against you and he's threatening to like, you know, like look into you. He's coming and there's, and there's a lot of like pretty quasi-legal stuff that was done. So now you said, okay, we're not gonna do this again. While Joe Biden is literally on his hands and knees pooping his pants. Yeah. On the way out with terrible numbers. And Donald Trump's coming in popular again. So, okay. Yes. So for him to spin that as the government said we should do this thing, and we said, no, that's ridiculous.


Okay. That's not exactly what happened. It Seemed like he's just back here s trying to slurp back onto humanity. Now If you, That's a slurp Job. Yeah. I, I, I agree. Now there's, and this is why Joe, you know, remains like the biggest show is 'cause he just gets these moments. But if you, the last time he was on Rogan's podcast, it was one of the most interesting admissions. And it was before he had done this 180 and turned around. But when Joe asked him about the Hunter Biden thing, and he goes, so, so like the story with the Hunter Biden laptop, how did you guys handle that? And Zuckerberg said the FBI came to us and told us we're, there's about to be a big Russian dump.


So they must have known that this laptop was about to come out. Wow. And they went to Facebook, told them preemptively it's Russian disinformation and that's why they censored the whole thing. And that is like, that admission is like blatant election interference by the FBI against the sitting president. Which makes it that even that much worse. 'cause like in some, on some level, like if the FBI or the CIA or someone like that was like interfering in an election, you'd already be like, okay, that's crazy illegal, unethical, you know, unconstitutional. Like we don't have a democracy if we have three letter agencies interfering in elections. Right. However, you'd assume at least they were doing it on the side of the president who they work for, not against the president who they work for.


Now we're in a level of like treason. Like you are working against the commander in chief who you are supposed to say, sir, yes sir. To and follow his rules. You know, I mean Okay, you, if you're at the FBI you're in the under the Justice department, but still like the president is the head. So This was in, this was in Trump was in office. Yeah. Well this the one I'm referring to. Yes. This one. This is when, or I don't know when the podcast was, but he's talking about the Hunter Biden story, which was October of 2020. So right before the election when Trump is still in office. Yes. Okay. Let's put a little bit of that. How do you guys handle things when they're a, a big news item that's controversial.


Like there was a lot of attention on Twitter during the election because of the Hunter Biden laptop story. The New York Post. Yeah, we have that too. Yeah. So you guys censored that as well. So we took a different path than Twitter. I mean basically the background here is the FBII think basically came to us. Some, some folks on our team. It was like, Hey, just so you know, like you should be on high alert. There was, we, we thought that there was a lot of Russian propaganda in the 2016 election. We have it on notice that basically there's about to be some kind of dump of of that's similar to that. So just be vigilant.


So our protocol is different from Twitters. What Twitter did is they said, you can't share this at all. We didn't do that. What we do is we have, if something's reported to us as potentially misinformation, important misinformation, we, we also this third party fact checking program. 'cause we don't wanna be deciding what's true and false. And for the, I think it was five or seven days when it was basically being, being determined whether it was false, the distribution on Facebook was decreased, but people were still allowed to share it. So you could still share it, you could still consume it. When we say the distribution is Decreased.


Okay, that's good. It got shared. How does that work? Basically? Basically. Yeah. So saying that they had some effect on it though. Yeah. Well he goes on to say that it was a meaningful impact that turning down the signal had on it or what. But what's interesting is that he blatantly says that it was the FBI who came to them and like told them that this very true story, which was a real scandal, that was an October surprise that, you know, very clearly could have moved the needle in the election. They suppressed that for one reason only and that's because they wanted Biden to win and not Trump to win. And Zuckerberg played a big role in that. Not as big, I guess as Twitter at the old Twitter. Oh yeah, Dorsey admitted it.


Yeah. Yeah. And I, look, I do think to some degree these guys are under duress from the government. I mean, they're threatened and all types of pressure is put on them to go along with the censorship stuff. And to be, you're basically become communication in the universe. Yeah. Like you are, like if everybody Had Hadda talk in like a hallway, you're the hallway. You know, you were, Yeah. Well, and and if you think about like, even just the, you know, if you think about the, how much government cares about controlling the narrative, you know, one of the things that's really interesting from the, the more recent clip that you, the one we played first here, you know, he says that they were really upset about a meme, It's ame.


Oh yeah. It was Leonardo DiCaprio, A Leonardo DiCaprio meme. Like they were really upset about that. Oh dude, there's, which literally said, isn't that fascinating in a way that they are so threatened by like you making a joke about their bullshit. But if you like zoom out, right? And think about it, it's like governments always insist on controlling monopolizing information. You know, controlling the narrative is the most important thing to them. That's more important than controlling the money or the banks or the, the laws or anything. It's like controlling the narrative, controlling how people think, what the, the kind of like the range, the Overton window of allowable opinion or what, you know, and that's, and you see it all the time. You see they spazz out when people are just outside of the realm of allowable opinion.


And even if you think about like the way, think about the way our government's set up where like, okay, the government, there's like a a, a group of, you know, services that the government has a monopoly on and they Had Hadda monopoly on the schools, the post office, you know, even that's not say dump even. It's like wherever the information is coming from, the media, the universities, you know, these are always the things that governments get involved in. And then all of a sudden there's a revolution and now the, you know, the, the public square is Facebook and Twitter and these social media.


So now these people are in control for the first time of this. So of course. And, and what really happened was after Donald Trump won in 2016, they really started cracking down on them because they Realized Yeah. They're like, Holy shit, the guy who wasn't supposed to win won. And he did it by utilizing social media. Yeah. And going around the, the corporate media and going around the political machine just to talk right to voters that really shook them up. And so yeah, they hauled Zuckerberg and, and Dorsey and all of them before Congress. They threatened the shit out of him. I'm sure he's right. That they were on the phone cursing and screaming at him and putting all types of pressure. So fine if Zuckerberg, I would be much more sympathetic if Zuckerberg had come out on Rogan's podcast this time and been like, listen, I've just, I've under the weight of this pressure I gave in.


Right. And I became like a, a, a tool for the regime to censor people, but I don't wanna do that anymore. And so now I'm committing to this, I'd be like, yes. Yeah, he's a hero. But the way he kinda like yada yada over like, anyway, the government wanted us to do this stuff. I was like, nah man, I'm not gonna do that. I'm cool. Right Rogan, you're like, eh, not exactly. It Seemed like, it almost seems sometimes the way he, he almost seems like a doll. Does he? A little bit when you're, and I don't mean it in a bad way and I just mean it in an interesting way. I'm fascinated by the guy. I mean the guy, I can't imagine what his life is like or what he's like as a person or what it's like to talk with them. I would love to have that opportunity, but I am Yeah.


I'm just so curious as to like the pressure, if he feels it, you know, they had that one moment where like they had all those families that had people had been solicited or whatever, young people had been caught by traffickers or like approached by traffickers or solicitation sexual. So can you bring that up? It was fa it was Zuckerberg before Congress. Watch the moment that met us. CEO Mark Zuckerberg apologized to the families of victims during a hearing on online child safety. That's what it was. National television. Would you like now to apologize to the victims who have been harmed Showing the Pictures? Would you like to apologize for what you've done to these good people?


I I I I'm sorry. Credible. Knowing that to go through the things that your families have have suffered and this is why we invested so much and are going continue doing stream big efforts to, to make sure that no one has to go through the types of things that your family Had Hadda suffer. Wow. Okay. That's good. I think it just seems like a robot doing it. Like that's, that wasn't great. That wasn't a great moat. That's why I wondered does he feel, it seems, sounds like he doesn't have a lot of feel in him, you know? Yeah. Listen, that's Yeah. To, to apologize. I don't even exactly understand what they were like their, I think a lot of the lost kids, parents of kids who got trafficked or something like that.


Yeah. I think, and I'll have to look into that. Yeah. But that also shouldn't be done. Like an apology like that shouldn't be done with reporters flashing and all this. I also cannot stand, I'm sorry, but I just hate the grandstanding of politicians and congress. Like, like I think Zuckerberg's like response to that should have been like you preside over the biggest war machine in the history of the world. So if you want to talk about apologizing to innocent people who have got you got your work cut out for you, you focus on your apologies. But I would love to invite like any of these parents if they wanna sit down in a private room after that, we can have a long conversation about this. I agree. And then like, give a real moment or like, you know, you can't, when someone like loses their kid or their kid's raped or tortured or something, it can't just be like a, I'm sorry that happened and we are working hard to make sure it doesn't happen in the future.


Yeah. You wanna sit down and be like, Hey, that's a great point. Tell me your story and don't, don't even hear from me. Let me hear from you. You tell me your story and then I'll try to like empathize with what you've gone through. But geez. Yeah, that's a great point. They shouldn't, they shouldn't have put 'em on the spot to do it right there. 'cause that wasn't really helpful because they're not looking for a sincere apology. They're looking for a political stunt to be like, I got Zuckerberg to admit, right. That he wa had, you know, was wrong. And the families always get wheeled out for that kind of stuff. And I also don't like that the air is always like, it's always a question of what you should be censoring and like, listen, I'm sure we would probably agree, right? Like if there are people trying to traffic kids or something like that, like yes, okay, you'd wanna kick those accounts off or report them to the police or whatever.


But it's always congress like talking about how dangerous the freedom that people have is on your site. Oh it's so dangerous that people can communicate and people, you gotta clamp down on this. Right? And it's like personally I'm much, what is it the, the old, I think it's a Thomas Jefferson quote, or maybe I'm getting that wrong actually it's not Jefferson, but whatever the quote was like I, it might've been Hamilton, but it was like, I'd rather deal with the inconveniences of too much liberty than those associated with too little of it. Yeah. You know, it's like, I'd rather, it's always like, they're always warning you about the problems of too much freedom. Oh, everyone can communicate. That means people are gonna come get your kids. I'm like, I'm sure that is, there is that concern and like, you know, I got little kids.


I'm, I'm concerned about that stuff, but I also kind of feel like, okay, I'll handle making sure my kids don't, you know what I mean? Get, you know, taken advantage of on the internet and how about the government? Get the hell out of the way so we can tell the truth. Yeah. It was Thomas Jefferson. See, I should be sure of myself. I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much, attending too much liberty than those attending. Too small. A degree of it. Yeah, I agree. Why not? Err on that side of it. Yeah. Facebook has had issue. I mean remember when they had, there was a thing where they had, there was like these canyons or something. See if you can look that up. There was a, they were looking up information, they were using people in Africa to, to look up the, they were the fact checkers or whatever.


And I think there was a lawsuit, Facebook content moderators in Kenya called the work torture. Their lawsuit may ripple worldwide. I'm not even sure what happened with this. What, what, when was this? Oh, it's 2023. Okay. On the verge of tears. Nathan Ana recall, I admire you for trying Oh thank you. Yeah. On the verge of tears, Nathan Ana recalled watching a video of a child being molested and another of a woman being killed eight hours a day. His job is a content moderator for a Facebook contract. It required him to look at horrors so the world wouldn't have to. Now un ana is among nearly 200 former employees in Kenya who are suing Facebook.


It's so wild. Where worker, lemme see the group was employed at the social media giants outsourced hub for content moderation in Kenya's capital of Nairobi where workers screen posts, videos, messages and other content from users across Africa removing any illegal or harmful material that breaches its community standards in terms of service. Can you even imagine having to moderate the stuff in Africa, But someone's job is actually to watch a child being molested and then be like, Nope, that video can't go up on Facebook. This is bad. The moderators from several and that was, I shouldn't, that wasn't a fun time to joke. I'm sorry that wasn't funny. And I love Kenya. I've been to Mombasa.


I love Puerto Rico. Puerto Puerto Rico. I love it. I've been there. Oh no, do not touch that girl. Yeah, you are okay so far. You are okay so far. Nope. You are banned. The moderators from several African countries are seeking 1.6 billion compensation funds. Oh, that's A lot of money after Alleging poor working conditions, including insufficient mental health support and low pay. Wow. I wonder what happened to that lawsuit. If you find out that something happened, let me know. But they've had issues over there. And I'll say this, well that's not really it, but I can't imagine, I can't imagine having to be I actual person doing that work. But that's what it comes down to.


You're basically having to moderate the entire world of communication. You've taken on that responsibility, you know? Well, and I know that, you know, it was, I think when, when the, I think it was the Egyptian revolution, which, you know, didn't last that long, but they, what they, when they a real, I I believe, and forgive me 'cause I haven't, like, I'm not the expert on this at all. I haven't read that much about it, but like, when they overthrew Mubarak, I think that was like a real genuine revolution where like the, it the people really did agree. Like, we want this dictator gone. But I remember that they were, it, this was, I what year was Mubarak overthrown?


I I wanna say it was like 2010, 2010. That was in Kenya. 11. No, this is in Egypt. But I do remember that that was one of the things that people were making a big deal of was that there were these giant protests that ultimately ended up bringing down the government and it was all organized on social media. You know, everybody's like, oh, we'll meet up here. The protest starts here. And then it was like, almost like the first time that they were like, whoa, there's real power in these things. And you know, if you could 2011, so like, oh, The power of social media, you mean? Yeah. That's just like, yo, I mean, you're gonna get, if you could overthrow governments with these things, you're gonna get, you know, you're gonna get a lot of attention from governments who are gonna be very concerned about what's going on on these sites.


Yeah, Well it's just interesting. At what point do you think that there could be a revolution in America? Because if it, if it, if, if, if people don't trust the FBI now, they don't trust the CIA. Now you're not sure that your FBI isn't out to get your own. Yeah. It's like who, what is even like It's well, right. And then, and then on top of that, like you had, say someone like Donald Trump. Look, the first time Donald Trump ran, right? All of the political class, all of the media, all of Hollywood, they all said, this guy is unacceptable. You cannot support this guy. He still won, but he also won on like a razor thin margin, lost the popular vote and just happened to win the right swing states against Hillary.


So there was like a little bit of a caveat, but then after January 6th with how much they pumped into like, this is the worst thing ever, and look at this horrible guy, you could never support him. Then they go after him with the, with the legal cases, all of it. Then he almost gets his brains blown out on national television. And then after all of that, all the years of he's a Nazi democracy's over, he's Hitler the American people go, well, we like him even more now. Like, that's just so crazy. Yeah. It's so crazy that there's just trust in every American institution has evaporated. They have nothing. I mean, it's unbelievable that the most famous Hollywood celebrities can't move the needle at all the entire, In fact, they, it's an ant time movement.


Yeah. If they get the second one of them is involved, I'm fucking out, bro. Well, that's right. It almost like, well that is, and I mean, look, even me, I I will admit I'm guilty of it too that I, I right away, you know, you see another celebrity, they'll be endorsing Kamala Harris tonight and I'm like, like, what did you do at the Diddy party? Yeah. What do they got on you? You know, what do you like? It's just, there's so much mistrust of the whole thing. And it's, you know, the the thing about it is, is a lot of us, like I said this in our conversation already today, at one point, I don't even remember if it was about Russiagate or Covid or what, but I said, all those people still have their jobs or whatever. Yeah. You know, if you, if you look at the New York Times or you look at CNN or all these places, they still got people there who sold us the war in Iraq and they still have their jobs.


You know, like they didn't get fired. Right. These people make great money. They're still, and nothing, but it's like, it's something almost like spiritual. There's always a price. Even if you think there was no consequence, oh, there is a consequence. And so like you just think for so many years they lied us into wars, the, into financial recessions. They, they lied about everything about Covid V they lied about Russiagate, they lied about all the shit. They lied about Joe Biden not being senile. They lied about Kamala Harris not being retarded. They lied about everything they could think of. Yeah. And there is a price for that. And the price is that no one believes you anymore. Yeah. Not Even people that believed you.


Believe you. That's what's crazy. Yeah. Is watching people that were like devout believers come on over and not, and be like, I just don't believe these people. You know? Yeah. And then there's so many people like that. So like, could there be a revolution? I mean, you know, there's, the American government is still so powerful. It's not like they're getting overthrown anytime soon. Right. But, And we're not saying that government No. If the, if the government is listening, I've, I've highly recommend everybody follow the law. Yeah. But there is, there, there's been a revolution in communication already. There's been a revolution in the media. I mean they, all this happened a while ago, but after this election, they all kind of admit it.


They all kind of admit that like, look like Donald Trump did, like your show and, and Schultz and Oh, That blew my mind. And this was a huge factor for him. You know, and this was, and I I will say, I think particularly yours was, I mean obviously Rogan's was, was humongous. Oh yeah. But particularly the interview with you saw like a, a much different side of Donald Trump than I'd ever seen before. And that's crazy. It's crazy that there's been this revolution. I mean, oh, It's crazy. You know, there's, there hasn't been, there's not a lot of people where I'm from who even get to ask questions a lot of times. No, I think, I don't think, there's Not a lot of, there's not a lot of people where I'm from who ever even getting to raise their hand in front of a president and ask a question about something that means something to them.


You know, a lot of times, yeah. You just get pigeonholed into being some type of way. And so then as a person, as part of even just a group, you start to feel like, well, I don't even fucking exist. You know what I'm saying? And I think that's part of how I always felt my whole life. I don't even, nobody, nobody gives a fuck about a poor off white kid, dude. You know what I'm saying? That's the fucking group. And so yeah, I think, I don't know, I don't know what I'm saying, man. I'm Just, I'm, I think it's a, a really great point. I mean, I think if you think about it, like at least my whole life, right? Well, Finally we made our own voices because you don't even see that I am a voice. You don't even think I have a fucking voice. And so finally, I, you don't think, and you also, you don't think I'll work hard enough to fucking put my voice out.


There you go, dude. They called it flyover country. Yeah. That's what they call flyover country. And what is flyover country? Everything except New York and la I know, right? The whole rest of this annoying country that you gotta fly over on your way from New York to LA there. If you think about like when we grew up, me and you grew up in the era of the tv. Yeah. There wasn't, we didn't watch shit on YouTube and stuff, you know, this didn't exist. We watched what was on TV and TV was made in New York and LA Yeah. That, that's where it was made. And every show, whether it was Seinfeld or Friends Double Dare or whatever it was, all it, these shows were about living in a city on the coast and they were about people who lived there.


And then just think about how bizarre that is. You have this giant country that occupies the middle part of North America called the United States of America. It's this huge country and you only have representation from these two coastal cities. And this has now been totally blown open where it's like, yeah, I think for the first time people in the middle of the country, in the south of the country can actually have a voice. And why shouldn't they when there's tens of millions of people who like fall into those categories. Yeah. Look, it's crazy to me, being in standup comedy, it's been a total revolution since the, when I started like the, the path for how you become successful is so different.


Podcasts weren't a thing when I first started. And so having a revolution in government, that still seems like we're not there, but there has been a huge cultural revolution in over the last 15 years that are In communication or in, what is it called? In? Yeah, I think, I think in, in entertainment media, in media, in entertainment media. That's the word in media, in comedy. And yeah. So Trump has his new cabinet picks, right? Has he picked all of them yet or Not? Yeah, I think, I think he's picked all, I mean, there might be some more like smaller positions that he still gets to pick, like judges and stuff like that. But I, he's picked, I think he's picked his cabinet. What do you feel like, who are some of your favorites? Who are some you're kind of on the fence about? Doug Collins got fucking picked.


The coach, the basketball coach. I, So dude, remember he was with the Wizards dude. Wait, are you talking about Jordan's coach Doug Collins, or is this someone else? No, that's a different Doug Collins. Oh damn. Who's That guy? Doug Collins was, got the Bulls right there. Oh yeah. Then Phil Jackson came in and took all the glory. I remember that. Dude, that's a great point. That's never really talked about, is it? But what about his, some of his cabinet picks? Who do you like what, where, where are you at with some of that? I love. Okay, well the best ones to me by far were Bobby Kennedy for Health Department was just amazing. I think that's really gonna shake things up. Is he one of the first doctors that's never been in, in charge of the Health department?


That's a good question. I don't know. No, I think, no, I think the guy who's in the head of it now was a lawyer too. Okay. So I'm not sure. But he is the first like real outsider and real critic of the American like health state. And so that's really interesting. He also put, which I'm sure has a lot to do with Bobby being at HHS, but he put Jay Botta Chaia as the new head of the DraftKings, the Jay Botta Chaia. Yeah. He sounds like a bookie. Oh dude. Yeah. Well, he's got a a, I think he's Indian. I don't know. Oh, Ari's Indian. Wow. He's, I might be wrong about that if I'm wrong, I apologize. But he was one of the signatories on the, the Great Barrington Declaration.


He was amazing during Covid. He's like one, he's like a, a brilliant, you know, he's got a degree I think in economics and in science. Jay Bachar bring him up. He sounds like he's from Mad Madrass New Jersey, dude, bring him up. Jay Bachar. Let's get a gander at him. I just wanna get a peek at him. I haven't seen his face before. Bachar. Oh yeah. I like this guy. Huh. He Was phenomenal during Covid. Really like a, like a goddamn hero. Just calling out all the bullshit and like, I would love to Interview him, Dude. Yeah, that would be great. A super super smart scientist who's like really understood why lockdowns were terrible and why the vaccine mandates were insane and all of that stuff.


Oh, I, that's, you know, so She got Fauci s old job. Really? Which is gonna be real interesting. Yeah. Head of the NIH. Oh Heck yeah. That's cool. Now all these guys gotta be confirmed by the senate still, so that's not done. But the other great pick was Tulsi Gabbard as Director of National Intelligence. I Macari, do you know who that is? Marty? I'm not sure. Marty Macari. Can you look him up? Marty Macari for FDA Commissioner. Oh yeah. I don't know. I don't know enough about this guy. He has a great book called The Price We Pay Bring up one of his books. I wanna, I want to talk with this guy. It's about the insurance, the whole sc the, the scam. What Broke American Healthcare.


There's another great book he has too, dude, one of his books, he has this thing like where they were going to black churches. Okay. He's a, A surgeon. Lemme see Ton and Dale McCartney's, a British American surgeon, professor, author and medical commentator where they were going to, they were convincing, giving people scans at their churches, showing them that they needed like their blood vessels dilated or shunts put in their legs. And it was just, and the, and doctors were making a ton of money through Medicaid. It was just this big scam. And Wow. A lot of the doctors were funding the groups that would go and they would do it at black churches and black religious get togethers and they'd have tables set up and they were just using these people, basically sending 'em through as just like a fucking as a varicose vein mill, you know?


Wow. Unreal. Just, and just making tons of money. I'm sure. Yeah. But he, he talks about that. He talks about a lot of neat stuff. Oh that's another one. Blind spots When Medicine, that's one I've been reading When medicine goes wrong, that's one that I've been reading. But he seems like an interesting guy. But he got put in, that's one I'm excited about. Ga you said who else is in there? Cash Patel, who's took over the FBI. Oh really. FBI director who is, he was a huge critic of like Russiagate and a lot of the crazy stuff that a lot of the election interference that the FBI has been doing. Again, you know, we're gonna see how there were reports out, I'm not sure if this is true or not, but that Tulsi Gabbard was saying she's changed her mind on government surveillance and now she's okay with the intelligence agencies spying on us.


You know, DC has a way of poisoning people, but how Does that happen, do you think? But also I'm not throwing her under the bus or nothing like that. I think maybe she's saying what she needs to say to get confirmed and then she'll do some really great stuff once she's There. Could that be something that happens? Quite possibly. It's, you know, it's hard to say, but it is like there is all types of pressure and, and then there's probably pressures that I don't know about at all that when you're actually on the inside there's probably all types of threats and things like that that you gotta deal with. So I think these, these picks were all very, very good. He Had Hadda bunch of really bad picks that I did not like. Lemme see. Let's finish this one though. Gabbard 43 was born in the US territory of Americans. Samoa raised in Hawaiian, spent a year of her childhood in the Philippines.


Yeah, she's definitely, I love the way that she talks, you know, I love how just her own, she's always seems to have her very own voice, but when you get in, like who compromise, what do they use to compromise you think? That's what I always wonder. I mean, I think, I don't know. You just, Do you think they just say, do what? You're gonna have to do what we want or we're gonna kill you. You think that's what it is? It's possible. I mean, I wouldn't put it past some of these people. There are a lot of killers in our government, you know, I also think that sometimes it's just the way the machine works and it's like, well you're never gonna be able to do anything unless you do this or unless you do that. You know, I, it was real interesting the way there, the way that Obama got rolled when he first came in and he Had Hadda lot of these plans.


Like, we were gonna end these wars and we're gonna do all these things and we're gonna, and he just immediately ran up against the machine and it was like, you have no idea how to actually control this thing. And I gotta say, I think that happened a lot to Trump too when he first came in, and Trump Had Hadda, lot of plans. And I think that, I think Donald Trump looked at it like, Hey, I've been the CEO of this big company. I've been the boss before. I'll go be the boss again. But it's like, that's not how this one works. This is a whole different thing. It's not like when you're really the boss and you dictate orders and everyone follows them. And he, you know, Donald Trump, he ran in 2016 on what was such a great idea at the time was, and he used to say this on the campaign all the time in 2016.


'cause back then the war in Syria was still going. Well, he was like raging. And he would go, why are we even in Syria? I don't care about overthrowing Bashar Assad. He goes, Russia said they're only in Syria to kill isis. I was like, okay, well we want to kill ISIS too. We're against the terrorists. He goes, so why don't we stop trying to overthrow regimes in the Middle East, work with Russia to take out all the terrorists and then we could just leave the Middle East, and then we could all be friends. We could be friends with Russia. And he openly ran on that. I was like, yeah, that's a great idea. Except then you get in there and the media's saying you're a Russian spy every single day, all day long. So now how are you gonna make a deal with Russia? Right? When everyone's saying you're a Russian spy? Oh, They trick you then, because, because if You make, if you make a deal with Russia, that'll just be proof that you're a Russian spy spy.


And so then Donald Trump went, no, I'll be hawkish toward Russia. And so he went out of his way to prove what a Russian spy he wasn't, which is like, oh, so they got you. So you couldn't do what you wanted to do. Right. And instead, you gotta do this, But this time they may not have the value of the media. Well, That's, they don't, they for sure don't, I mean, I think, I think, and, and Unless they come and kill all the podcasters and stuff, do you think that they could do that? Have you ever worried about your own safety? No. I don't know. I've always, I've always felt like I flow, I fly at a nice, you know, I'm far enough from the sun that I'm, I'm okay. Yeah. Same. I don't know what I'm even doing. Well. Right. So I'm not, and also, I just, I do think like there's too many of us, and there's too, I think like the toothpaste is outta the tube on this.


And I don't think, I think even they've finally realized that, like, even if, you know, it's funny, when they were coming after Rogan a couple years ago when there was that major push and the artists were, you know, Neil Young was saying, I'll take my music off Spotify or whatever. Yeah. It was, I remember talking about it then. And you're like, so what do you, what do you guys even think happens? Like let's say, let's say hypothetically you could take Joe Rogan out, right? What do you think his audience goes back to CNN, right? You think everyone who was listening to that is gonna go, okay, I guess we plug back into the Matrix now they're just gonna find somebody out. They're gonna find someone else probably more radical. Yeah. You know what I mean? Probably not, not less. And So I think they even kind of know they can't really, you know, stop.


But I do think, I think the two things that make it, that, that make the dynamic very different this time for Trump, well, like, like you said, it's that the corporate media has been destroyed. But the two things that really destroyed them since the first Trump president presidency to this one is Russiagate and Covid. They just, they were such big stories and they got 'em so wrong, and everyone kind of knows it now. Like nobody, you know, nobody believes in Russiagate anymore. Nobody is sitting on, no one on television is going, A Russian spy is about to retake the White House. Then none of them are saying that. None of them are saying, Hey, we were wrong about all of that. But if they weren't wrong, why wouldn't they still be freaked out about it? You know?


Well, I'm just amazed that none of of them ever come on and said, Hey, you know what? I wanna apologize for wasting your fucking time. Yeah. That's what I wanna do. I wanna apologize that we didn't care enough to even really look into things truly, and that we wasted your time. That would be like a real thing to do. Yeah. Right? Like I just, yeah, it's like, that's why sometimes you're like, are the people running this thing? Do they have any human feelings? Because that's why I don't see a lot. It's like you would think if you really cared about your customer base at all, right? Yeah. You would go and say, Hey, I'm sorry I got this wrong. We this was wrong. Or we didn't, we didn't know it was wrong, but we didn't even try to do our best practices.


We got caught up something. Right? No, They're listen, man. I mean, they hate, they fucking hate this country and they hate the people of the country. And I don't like just say that to be like, to make a sensational claim. But it's like if you, if if my kids are were hungry and I was feeding other kids, like what conclusion could you draw from that other than like, you don't love your children. Yeah. You hate your own children, because that's like your number one responsibility. What do you mean you're feeding other kids while your kids are going hungry? Yeah. It's just too evil to even wrap your head around. And that's, that's literally what our government does do. Yeah. Especially Right now, what they do is they feed other countries that don't need it, by the way.


You know, not just the ones who maybe do, but ones who don't. While our people are here, like starving. I mean, I'm, I'm not trying to like overstate it, like there's no mass starvation, no. That kind of stuff. But I mean, I should say surviving a hurricane or agree or fires or whatever, you know? Oh, I agree. I think I was thinking today it was like, Hey, well Ukraine, zelensky, can you give us back some of our money so we can pay our teachers better so we can feed people who are starving in our own country so we can get homeless people off the streets, right. So we can help cure some of our mental health so we can help repair some of this fire damage for people that were uninsured or help the displaced people that are over here. You know, just countless things. I mean, I could go on and on, but it's like, yeah, it just feels like we're just being money laundered a lot of times, you know?


Well, even just, and, and, and to like, like you Said, and I know those people have problems, but it's like, you know, the perfect example for me was that Karen Bass lady from with the LA Fires. Right? I've never heard of her before. And she seems like a nice woman. I bet she's a great woman, but she was in Ghana unless she was on vacation. She was in Ghana, Africa while this was happening. And if she was on vacation, then do, she should be able to do whatever she wants and she should be able to do whatever she wants anyway. Just in Los Angeles, mayor freezes up. This is exactly how people should be treated. Do you owe citizens for being absent while their homes are burning? You regret cutting the fire department budget? Do you think you should have been visiting Ghana while this was unfolding back home?


But can you look up, was she and gone on vacation? That's what I need help on. But she's in, in Ghana, but it's like, why are you even in Ghana? Like I was mayor of a town, And I think they did know, and they knew that like big wind storms were coming and they knew that like, this is a danger, you know, with wildfires and stuff. So it's just, you would expect you'd be around there. But it is, you know, it's hard to Point fingers at this point. Like, it's like, obviously things were bad. They had that reservoir that was dead empty, that was like, took countless millions of dollars and held millions of gallons of water. Just a lot of bet. Just, you know, I don't know. It's heartbreaking. What's happening out there is heartbreaking. But that's the weird part. It's like, why is she even you, you have pe we have, how much do the people have to suffer or be struggling in our own country for our own country to be like here?


And why, who, how are we electing these people that aren't saying, here America, we're gonna help you first. Yeah, it's unbelievable. It's, it's totally outrageous, man. How Is that happening? I just don't understand how it's happening. Well, I mean, I do think perhaps it's kinda like what you said earlier, like part of this is that we, we have just like a acquired such a level of wealth and power as, as a country that it's almost like, you know, the politicians who now control the tax base of the American people, they feel like Gods where they're like, we can do all of this stuff. I mean, I remember when, and and I think this was sincere. I think Joe Biden actually heard and understood this question and Had Hadda moment of, of being lucid.


But it was when the war in, in Gaza first broke out, and some reporter asked him and was like, they were like, well, you know, you're all in on this war in Ukraine. You've already given them hundreds of billions of dollars, and now you're saying you're gonna support Israel. Like, are you sure America can take on another war that we have to foot the bill for now? And he goes, of course this is the United States of America. Of course we can do it. Who said that? Ricky, your vase. Joe Biden. Joe Biden. Sorry. Yes. And, and I'm sure in some way Joe Biden like believes that, you know, like Joe Biden is a, is a child of the unipolar moment after the Soviet Union collapsed. And, and America is dominant.


We can do whatever. We could do anything. This is America. We could do whatever we want to. It's like you just haven't updated this script. 'cause like it's 30 years later now. And no, we can't just do whatever you want to. And you know, we just found out through this, you know, it's like, okay, yeah, we could do whatever we want to, but we can't tax people enough to raise the money and we can't borrow enough to get it. So we have to print the money. And then we deal with this price inflation we've been dealing with for the last few years. It just like destroys working class people. And it's like, yeah, I guess if you don't care about that, we can do it. But if you do care about that, then actually no, we can't. We don't have limitless funds. And by, and I'll just say this, right? Look, you think about the United States of America, the federal government, it's the biggest, most powerful government in the history of the world by far, by any metric.


And yet as we're doing everything, as we're backing the war in Israel, as we're backing Israel's war, we're backing Ukraine in this war. We're overthrowing regimes all around the world. We're talking about what the, they have a summit where they talk about what the temperature's gonna be in a hundred years. The government's trying to manage everything, and yet the most basic functions of government have all gone to shit. We can't win our wars, we can't balance our budgets, we can't protect our borders. Post Office sucks. Dude, I was in the post office like three weeks ago, right? There's no, there's a home, I wanna say, I don't wanna say homeless, but pretty homeless guy in there, right? Yelling, faggot over and over again, right. Just yelling it into the fucking distance or whatever. And dude, I'm second in line, right? So I'm like, ugh.


You know, but nobody even came to help him. We're in there for seven minutes. I just walked out. Yeah. I'm like, You know, well, that's the thing. But this is, but That's the US Postal system in a nutshell. And and California's a little microcosm of this, right? It's the biggest state. Government has the biggest budget of any state Government, right? And they're trying to turn our whole country into this. They're trying to do everything. They're trying to say, oh, we're gonna have electric cars and we're gonna have a new power grid, and we're gonna have all of this. Meanwhile, the most basic service, like, make sure your fire department has enough water in the area where that is known for wildfires spreading. Yeah. Like the, the most basic thing you fail miserably at. And then you're gonna talk about all these pie in the sky visions of how you're gonna run the world and do all this shit. And it's like, no, you're not good.


You're not good at this. You're not doing anything. Right. And, and there is something interesting about that, where it's like when you try to take on way too much, you end up failing at the most. Oh, yeah. Basic responsibility that you have. Yeah. Oh, always. Yeah, man. It's wild. And also when you push, when you position yourself as this, we will handle it all. You don't let other societies and cultures kind of create their own narrative and wherewithal for themselves, you know? Yeah. In a weird way, you know? Oh, I think that's absolutely right. Yeah. Oh, I think that's true. That's true. Like internally in America and throughout the world.


But even like, you see, like, you see like in America, like the rise of the welfare state, like when it was really in the sixties and seventies when, when welfare became huge, and then churches get diminished, you know, it's like, oh, because that used to be right. What people would do if they needed help is they'd go to the local church and kind of ask them to help. So it's like, oh, as you try to take care of everything, you end up killing and boxing out this other more organic thing where the people themselves would actually figure out like, who in the community needs help? Who That's true. You know what I mean?


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today, and oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person, and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com, or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


I saw a lot of people got fucked up out there. Now I saw Whitney's video, I felt awful. Yeah, Whitney's Had Hadda lot of videos and Yeah, she has, well, I met the one where she was crying and stuff was Sad. Oh, I didn't see that one. Oh, maybe I did. I'm sorry if I did. I've watched a couple of hers. I wake up at about five 15 and watch TikTok for like 40 minutes every night. So I'm not doing Get it while you can. I know. I'm not doing that good. Here's one thing. Yeah, play that Mel Gibson right there. I just love the way he communicates. Okay. I have three friends. I'll tell you a good story. Okay. I have three friends.


All three of 'em had stage four cancer. All three of them don't have cancer right now at all. Preach. And they had some serious stuff going on. And what did they take? Jesus, they took some, what you've heard, they've taken Ivermectin, fol, femazole. Yeah. That stuff. Yeah, I'm hearing that a lot. They Drank hydrochloride something or other. There's studies on that now where people have proven that they've, People was drinking methylene blue and stuff. Okay, hold on. Yeah. Methylene blue, which was a fabric Dye. Okay, stop. Now we're getting into breaking bad territory. That's part of the, that's the wild part of that, you know?


Yeah. Look, man, I mean, my, my default on this is to go, I, I probably think that's not true. Like, I don't know. But I also do, I, I don't know a lot about like medicine and the health stuff. No, no. But I will say my, my eyes were definitely opened over covid to like how corrupt the whole thing is. And so it is almost like now when people say stuff like that, I'm a lot more be like, all right, I'm listening. Yeah. Like, maybe, Yeah, over 12 ounces, gimme 12 ounces of methylene blue. You know what I'm saying? I'll try it. I don't know. Yeah. I mean, like, if I had stage four, Gimme a chaser, If I had stage four cancer and like they were like, there's nothing we can do, I'd, I'd be like, Hey Joe, can you get me Mel Gibson's number? I wanna talk to him and his buddies about what they did.


Yeah. I don't know why not? Oh yeah. I would be drinking fucking pool water or whatever happened, you know, whatever it needed. Did what was one thing else that happened the other day? Yeah, we're supposed to start shooting a movie. Me and David Spade wrote a movie and we're supposed to Oh, nice. Start shooting it last week in la but the fires, so now it's just up in the air. It's been like, kind of bizarre, you know? But the weirdest thing about LA that I'm hearing is like, I'll get a text from a friend or talk to a friend who's crying, you know, their home is burnt down. Then I'll get a call from a friend who's like, Hey man, do you want me to go over by your place and move your car or my apartment or whatever, because in case the fire switch wind. And I'm like, ah, I think I'm okay right now.


And, and I was like, what are you up to? He is like, ah, I'm gonna a couple auditions today. You know? And so it's just such a cra it's like There's still normal shit happening in the middle of all of this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's interesting. And That guy lives, right? I mean, he's going along the 4 0 5, like right where the border of like, where the next evacuation. It's just, it's amazing. I remember when I lived there during some of the last fires, you'd be driving the 4 0 5 and there would just be fire on both sides. And it almost feels like it's like that, what's that place in Florida with the Adventure Park or whatever, six Flags. It almost has a 'cause you can't believe that it's real. I know what You mean.


And you're in Hollywood where shit is, a lot of things are made and manufactured and created. So you're like, well of course this isn't real. Well, it's one of the things about cities that are real strange, like these modern cities where there's millions of people, and I saw this a lot during Covid, particularly in New York and LA where it's like, it's almost like there's nothing that people won't just adjust to. 'cause they're kind of trapped there. You can't really get out. You can't re, you know, and so it's almost like, alright, well they're doing this now. Alright, I guess we gotta live that, you know, in New York, it's just like, all right, there's homeless people all over the subways. That guy's jerking off. I guess I gotta just like walk around Tim and get to my work because I gotta, what else am I gonna do better? Bring my umbrella with me, right?


Yeah. This is the kind of stuff, it was, this is very intense. This must have been 2017 from Andrew Mutts, this video. Wow. That's a wild picture. But bro, this same highway, same spot, ski ball drive. Keep playing that for a minute. I mean, that's insane. Like, how should you be able to drive this close? It just, I mean that's, it's very, there's something very bizarre about the, like, juxtaposition of just going about your daily life while this craziness is happening right there. The people Live there. There's people, Yeah. Like someone right now in that car, like someone's wife calls their cell and they're just like, would you mind stopping at the store on your way home?


Yeah. Like, we're out of milk or whatever. And they go, okay, fine, I'll stop by there. And then just look out their window and they're like, oh, God's angry. Alright. Yeah. Gosh. Hey Siri, play Spotify Play Firework by Katy Perry. You know what I'm saying? There's somebody picking up a song and then realizing, oh, maybe not right now. Or some guy smoking. It's like, oh, it's already fucked anyway, you know? Yeah. It's like, what is this really gonna be the problem? It's just people be, it's just people are still gonna be people. What else was something else that I wanted to talk to you about? Oh, some of the Trump's picks that you're not excited about? Oh, Marco Rubio at the State Department, I hate. And what does the State Department do? Well, I mean, they're, it's a pretty big responsibility.


I mean, there is, the State Department basically interacts with the rest of the world on behalf of the United States of America. And in recent years, I mean, the State Department is, is involved in a lot of war making, even as much as the Defense Department is. And I mean, the two, two examples I could think of, like right off the top of my head were the war in Libya. Overthrowing Gaddafi was enormously led by the State Department under Hillary Clinton. And in 2014, the backing the made Madon revolution, that overthrew jankovich in Ukraine was mostly done by the State Department.


And so the Marco Rubio's like a real NeoCon warhawk and has been for many years. What Does NeoCon mean? Well, NeoCon at this point has kind of like, I'm using it in kind of the informal sense. It's basically just come to mean like the, the warhawks who push for war after war after War. Oh, they want war. Always more regime change. War is always the next target, always The next thing, the, the neocons, like the self-identify. Marco Rubio is not a self-described neo-conservative. The people who actually called themselves Neoconservatives was actually like a small group of, of people. This is the Wikipedia probably has some good information on it here. But these were guys who really, they really took power under George W. Bush.


A lot of them were in Reagan's government and in George HW Bush's government. But they really took over when George W. Bush was in power. But yes, Dick Cheney, Richard Pearl, Douglas fight, all these guys, Paul Wolfowitz. Elliot Abrams, yeah. Do they make, do we think that they make money off of war? Well, I'm, it's a fact that a lot of them work at thick think tanks that are funded by weapons companies. It's a fact that Dick Cheney was the CEO of Halliburton. I mean, like, these things are true. So they are connected to interests that make lots of money off the wars. But so they're, a lot of them basically were, they were not all, but a lot of them were Jewish. And a lot of, they were leftists who they came over and kind of became conservatives in the second half of the 20th century.


And they were, so they, in the nineties, there were these, there was one major think tank that was called the Project for a New American century. And they basically wrote out all their plans of like what they wanted to do back in the nineties. And, and the major thing was that they wanted the project for a new American century. The idea of it was that, right? So there's, it was a neoconservative think tank in DC Okay? And a lot of these same people, I mean Robert Kagan and William Crystal were, were the, the guys who founded it. But if you look through the name of signatures, you'll see Dick Chaney, Donald Rumsfeld, Paul Wolfowitz, you know, Richard Pearl.


A lot of these guys now, they basically, they, this was, if you could imagine in the nineties, this is right after the Soviet Union collapses. This is where what Charles Krat Hower, who's another neoconservative who's dead now, he called the unipolar moment. And what that meant was that it was like, hey, for the first time in the world and that for the first time in the history of the world, there is one global superpower that is more powerful than any other country that's ever existed. Now that the Soviet Union's gone, it's ours. So what do you wanna do? Now there was this big divide amongst conservatives, a lot of conservatives, what are called the Paleo conservatives. It was like Pat Buchanan and guys like that. They were like, well, now that the Cold War's over, we can come home.


Yeah. We were fighting this war because it was the Cold War. 'cause it was the Soviet Union. But now that the Soviet union's gone, we can disband NATO And want homelessness from Don McLean. Yeah, That's right. Bring, bring close all the bases. Bring everyone home. We could go back to being a normal country, was the idea. We don't have to rule the world. We weren't ever supposed to rule the world in, in Pap Buchanan's idea. They were only doing this because the Soviet Union existed. But then there were these neoconservatives and they went, no, no, no, no, no. Now that we control the world, we have to come up with a project for the new American century. We want another century. The 20th century was dominated by America, and we wanna make sure the 21st century is dominated by America. And this is by, I'm not exaggerating, you can go read these papers, you can go Google project for a New American century and you can find all this stuff.


And they said their plan was, they were like, look, A statement of principles they released on June 3rd, 1997. Yeah. There's, if you go to the calls for regime change in Iraq, they might have a good link there that would be like the document, I'm just blanking on the, the name of some of the documents that they put out. But they basically said, no one can mess with us. And so what we need to do right now is we need to have multiple wars in the Middle East. Hmm. We need to have regime changes and get rid of all of the old allies of the Soviet Union put in our people who we like Specifically advocating regime changes through a determined effort to remove Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq. The letter suggested that any strategy aiming at the eradication of terrorism and his sponsors must include a determined effort to remove Hussein, even if no evidence linked Iraq to the September 11th attacks.


Well, listen, you gotta understand a lot of this stuff was written. This, this is in the nineties. This is before the September 11th attacks that they were talking about getting rid of Saddam Hussein. Wow. They actually say there's one paper, and this is what the, the nine 11 truthers, they would love to hang onto this, but there's, so they Said they did nine 11 because they wanted this to happen. Well, there's one thing, it was in the nineties, I can't remember what year it was, but I, you could find this, but they say basically they go through this whole thing of how we really want to overthrow Saddam Hussein in Iraq, and then we wanna fight multiple wars in the Middle East and have multiple regime changes. Wow. And they actually said in the paper, they go, but it would be very challenging to get enough popular support to do something like this short of another Pearl Harbor style attack.


So they literally say, we really kind of need an attack on America in order to work up enough support to go fight these wars. Now that isn't, that isn't proof that they did nine 11, but it does certainly indicate that, that They know the recipe. Well, at the very least, when nine 11 happened, they went, yes, now we got our time. So this is one of the, the worst, you know, like the worst thing that that ended up happening was that when nine 11 happens, George w Bush's president and all these motherfuckers are in power. So they got their opportunity and right away after nine 11, and we know this because the four star general Wesley Clark himself said that he, he was outta power at the time, but he went to the Pentagon and he said that he saw plans late 2001 already drawn up for the invasion of Iraq.


So like, as soon as nine 11 happened, they were like, okay, we're going to use this to go overthrow Saddam Hussein now. Alright. If I could pull it back a few, so a few years before nine 11 in 1996, Hold on. And in a report just before the 2000 election, that would bring Bush to power, the group predicted that the shift would come about slowly unless there were some catastrophic and catalyzing event. Like a new Pearl Harbor. Yeah. So that's, I mean, this was their words. And that's All the PNAC or whatever. Yes. This is, this is P nac the project for a New American century. Okay. Now is that a lot of these same people involved here? But there was a letter. Okay, there was a letter written. Dark Artists. Huh? Yeah. So check this one out in 1996, so just four years before this report, there's a a letter that was written by Richard Pearl, and it was not Douglas Spfe, it was Richard Pearl and Wormer, and David Wormer was the other guy who wrote it.


And so two of these neoconservatives, and they wrote this letter, the letter is called a Clean Break, a new Strategy for securing the Realm. And it's written to Benjamin Netanyahu, who in 1996 was the first year that he became Prime Minister. Okay. And in this, basically what this was all about is that they were, the NeoCon conservatives were saying, Hey, here's the new strategy. Okay? And the new strategy is in the early nineties, you had had these Oslo accords, which were the, what was known as the piece Oslo process, The piece. And that was like the Oslo Accord. It was to try to get, that was supposed to help with Palestine, right? Yes. So Bill Clinton is famously was a big deal when, when I was a kid, it was Bill Clinton had Yasser Arafat and Yin, the leader of the PLO and the, the Prime Minister of Israel here together to work at, we're finally, we're gonna do a two-state solution and we're gonna make this deal.


They, they brought 'em together, shook hands. I mean, after years and years, you know, decades of bloody fighting. This was like, it seemed like an amazing step forward. And Israel committed to what they call a peace process. So eventually, essentially they committed that. They're like, you know, this land that we know is not ours that we've been occupying since 1967, we do have to give this back to you. Like we have to give this to you, and we have to have a two-state solution of some sense. We will do that, but there has to be a process that we go through so you know, better than nothing, at least. Right? So this is what, what started now than Rabin, the prime minister of Israel was assassinated by a right wing Israeli, by, yeah. By an Netanyahu supporter, assassinated him for betraying his own country and talking.


But Israel was still on the hook for promising to eventually give the Palestinians their own state. And the, the Clean Break memo, and it's a little bit coded, but it's basically like, listen, we gotta get away from that. We gotta get away from this peace process. And the, the idea of like giving the Palestinians their land, this threatens Israel's stability now for years. Okay. I could see them thinking that though, for Sure. Sure, sure. Now, for, for many years, the thinking which culminated in the Oslo Accords, right? The reason why there was this peace process is that the thinking, the yak Rabin thinking was that, listen, you have the Arab world who hates Israel's guts over their treatment of the Palestinian people.


And so you have to make peace with the Palestinians so that you can be friendly with the surrounding Arab world so that they don't all hate you. And you can coexist and you can, yeah, you can be prosperous. Right now, the clean break is essentially a break from that line of thinking. And they go, no, no, no, no. You don't need to make peace with the Palestinians so that you can then make peace with the broader Arab world. What you need to do is overthrow the regimes in the broader Arab world that are pissed off at you. And that way you won't have to ever make peace with the Palestinians. You'll never have to give them land. If we could just overthrow Saddam Hussein and then overthrow the MUAs in Iran, and then overthrow Bashar Alad in Syria.


And so they lay out this strategy that, and this is the, the the Clean Brink. The clean Break, excuse me. And these are our guy, our top neo-conservatives who end up in the George W. Bush administration explicitly saying that the reason they wanna overthrow Saddam Hussein is because he's a problem for Israel. And when years, a few years later, when Fourstar General Wesley Clark, who by the way, recently in a debate with my friend Scott Horton, admitted that these plans went all the way back to 96 and not just 2001, which he had said before, but this was the famous, I don't know if you've ever seen it before, but the seven countries in five years. So this is Wesley Clark.


You pull up this video if you want to. It's, it's pretty interesting and, and has a lot. This went, are we really down a rabbit hole right now? We're doing a, we are. Well, this is when you told, dang, this is when Rogan told you, if you wanna talk about Syria, I'll take you down a rabbit hole. So here's the rabbit hole. 11. About 10 days after nine 11, I went through the Pentagon and I saw Secretary Rumsfeld and, and Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz. I went downstairs. So He's talking about the guys from Peanut Point Staff who had used, used to work for me. And one of the generals called me and he said, sir, you gotta come in. You gotta come in and talk to me a second. I said, well, you're too busy. He said, no, no. He says, we've made the decision we're going to war with Iraq. This was on or about the 20th of September.


I said, we're going to war with Iraq. Why? He said, I don't know. Wow. He said, I guess they don't know what else to do. So I said, well, did they find some information collect connecting Saddam to Al-Qaeda? He said, no, no. He says, there's nothing new that way. They just made the decision to go to war with Iraq. He said, I guess it's like, we don't know what to do about terrorists, but we've got a good military and we can take down governments. And he said, I guess if the only two you have is a hammer, every problem has to look like a nail. So I came back to see him a few weeks later, and by that time we were bombing in Afghanistan.


I said, are we still going to war with Iraq? And he said, oh, it's worse than that. He said, he reached over on his desk, he picked up a piece of paper and he said, I just, he said, I just got this down from upstairs, meaning the Secretary of Defense's office today. And he said, this is a memo that describes how we're gonna take out seven countries in five years, starting with Iraq and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and finishing off Iran. I said, is it classified? He said, yes, sir. I said, I said, well, don't show it to me. And I saw him a year or so ago, and I said, you remember that? He said, sorry, I didn't show you that memo. I didn't show it to you.


I'm sorry, what did you say his name was? I'm not gonna give you his name. So that's so go through. That's essentially the part to show. But so there's, so this Is he joking around, you think? Or he is being serious? Oh, he's being serious. He was just asked about it recently and he was like, Oh yeah, no, this is, this happened. And he actually said in this more recent, he Had Hadda a one-on-one debate against Scott Horton. And he, when Scott brought this up, he goes, you know, it actually went back further than that. I had seen those plans back in 96. Wow. It was the, the Neoconservatives, right. And so the Neoconservatives, the ones who were in charge of the, the w Bush administration or were at very high posts in that administration, this was their plant. And as they had mentioned in the clean break explicitly for Israel, like it was to change the dynamic so that Israel, what we would take out all of their enemies and put them in a situation where they never Had Hadda come through on the peace process.


And so that's why, or at least a huge part of the reason why we fought a war in Iraq, in Libya, in Syria, in why, why we've backed Israel through all of these proxy wars. It's all about that. And it's, this is what, even more so than their treatment of the Palestinians, this is the thing that I'm, that I'm furious it Israel about. It's like, what is with this like pressure of like lying my country's people into war after war after war that does nothing but create disasters for us. Well, we always looked at then as certainly I think as the, you start to get looked at as the bad guy, if that's true.


Yeah. You know, you start to get looked at, at the bad guy, if you invite me to come help you, you know, or if I have the bullets, you know, and you have me come along and, and, and fire the gun, even if you gimme the orders or whatever, I'm still a murderer, you know? Right. I'm still complicit. A clean break, a new strategy for securing the realm is a policy document prepared in 1996 by a study group led by Richard Pearl for Benjamin Netanyahu, then prime Minister of Israel, key points abandoning the Oslo Accords. And the concept of a land for peace reestablishing the principle of preemption rather than retaliation. So Just to be clear, 'cause again, there're saying these in kind of like, and this is how they talk about it. Right? So it's all co coded a little bit, but abandoning Oslo means the peace process, the concept of land for peace, meaning like this concept that the Palestinians deserve their land.


Get rid of that weird concept. And then number two, think about how creepy that is reestablishing the principle of preemptive rather than retaliation. So in other words, we don't wait for you to attack us, we just start attacking you right away. 'cause we know you're going to. So, so essentially giving up on the idea of a just war, like giving up on the idea of like, oh, we were attacked and therefore we go to war, and instead we'll just keep attacking you because we've decided you are going to attack us in the future. But now part of you say, if this is all true, right? What you homeless have to give Israel credit as well because they're fucking gangsters. That's another thing. It's like, no question. Sometimes people are like, you know, you hear people say stuff about, you know, why we're fun Israel, and this and that, and why, you know, but then you're also like, well, if, if, like, they probably like they did it.


They, if we're still playing by all these old rules of like, you know, like game of throne style shit and fucking, it's a dog eat dog world and occupying land and all that kind of stuff, if you're still playing risk, right? Yes. But you're convincing everybody that we're not playing that way anymore. But you're still playing that way. It's fucking really gangster. Listen, if might makes Right. And the only thing that matters are, are the laws of conquest and who's winning is, is winning then, okay, sure. You gotta give it to 'em that like, Hey, you've done it, but okay, if that's your feeling, then fine. But then you don't get to cry these tears about, oh, October 7th was so horrible and they did this to us.


'cause hey, you're just playing the game of Mike makes Right. And whoever can kill the other side can kill the other side. Yeah. And then also, okay, even if you're playing by those rules, I'll respect gangster, like I respect gangsters. Sure, yeah. I just wanna know What the rules are, but Right. But then at the same time, the, you also gotta understand that we live in a new world now, and like we were all the stuff we were talking about before, like people can talk about this stuff now and people can communicate, and I'm sorry, but if that's the case, then what I'm rooting for is what's best for my country. And none of these wars made my country better. You know, in fact, they made it much, much worse. You know, all we got to show for the war in Iraq is, is, you know, thousands of our bravest young boys, dead, tens of thousands of them killing themselves in the wake of it.


Mm. Tens of thousands more injured and horribly just a shell of themselves And unsure of what their tr I think, and, and I don't know if people would want to admit this or talk about it, and it may be anti-American for me to say it, but I think the definition right now of, of being American is afraid in some ways. Yeah. But what they were fi I mean, the truth of LA probably closing your eyes at night and be like, well, what was I fighting for? You know? Yep. And I, and maybe that's messed up. Is that messed up with me to say that? No, I'm just speculating. I don't know. No, I don't. So I've heard a lot of combat vets say the same thing you have. Yeah. So I don't think that's messed up at all. Yeah. What was that fighting For? I, I think that's right at the core of why they had, you know, there were wars, you know, like World War II was, was much more bloody and vicious than any of the fighting in the terror wars.


And we didn't have suicide rates the way we do now. And I do think a huge part of that is because like those guys felt like, hey, we were liberating Europe. Like there was, they didn't come back and feel like, oh, what the fuck did I even do that for? You know? And a lot of these guys, they come back and they're like, oh, I was straight up lied to. Like, I was lied. Oh, I was just a pawn in your than some rich guy's game. And that included me like doing all types of shit to people. That is very hard for any civilized person to do. Oh, your Conscience can't ha it's a, it's a teeter-totter. Well, You immediately, you know, you put yourself in a crazy situation. So like, look, if I'm going to, if I'm gonna break into your house with a gun, like once I've already made that decision that I'm gonna break into your house with a gun, whatever justified me to getting to that point, there's now there's a whole different dynamic where now like, okay, I could say, Hey, I'm just trying to break into your house with a gun.


I'm, I'm gonna be the good guy here, but if I break into your house with a gun and you run up at me with a gun, I gotta shoot at you now. And then once that's over, if I'm back home, you go. Like, I mean, from this guy's perspective, I broke into his house, house who was really the aggressor here. I mean, sure I shot him because he raised his gun at me, but really I was the one who went. And so this is what it's like for an invading arm. And, and also it's not, And what were we even doing there? Right. And when you find out that a lot of the people were Saudi Arabian or something, and we didn't even deal with, it's like, what was going on? Yes. Oh, I can't even imagine. And It's also like, there, there's something to be said for the, you know, even if you, like, if you fought a guy, let's say like, you know, back in your, in your drinking days or something like that, you got into a bar fight or something like that, and you fight a guy who's around your size, you know, and you go and you end up like winning the fight even it's like, there's still something different about that than if you just went and beat up a dude who was like a third of your size.


You know? Like, at least when, when we fought in World War ii, the Nazis were very powerful. It was at early in the war, it wasn't clear exactly who was gonna win. But Iraq, you know, for the US military to go fight, it's like, come on, dude, this is a, this is a joke. We took down their government in a matter of weeks. Well, remember they had those videos of them training on like jungle gyms and stuff. Remember then those videos came. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well I think that was like Al-Qaeda. So, but yeah, it's, it's still like, yeah. Yeah. That was their, the monkey bars or whatever. It's all just so ridiculous. There's No way you're gonna go fuck those people up and not be left with a little bit of a feeling like, fuck, We beat up the big kid. What Did I just do? Yeah. Like We beat up a weak to two. Yes. Yeah. Damn.


Well, who were some Trump picks some other cabinet picks that you're not sure about? You feel like I know, I, I'm blanking on his name. I know his national security advisor. I really didn't like, and I heard some statements from him that I didn't like. You know, Pete Hegseth was an interesting one. I don't really know enough. He's from Montana. Is that That guy? Is He from Montana? I'm not sure. I know he was a Fox News guy for a long time. I've met him a couple times. Former Georgia Congressman is up first. Let see what's you know about Pete Kes says Trump's let me, hegseth 44 has developed a close rapport with Trump, a military veteran and popular conservative media personality with a large following as of his own, Yo, he hosted like the Fox Morning show for, for years.


Oh. Oh, I think I remember who he is now. Hmm. America's Whites sons and daughters are walking away. And who can blame them? Well, I think he's talking about the military. Yeah, Yeah. No, he was, So I met him back in, I wanna say like 2016 or something like that. And he was like, I think he had pretty standard like Republican, you know, politics. I think he, he, from what I've heard, he's kind of changed a bit over the years and has been become much more skeptical about a lot of the wars. I do remember this one moment I always thought was really interesting that I saw him on one show on Fox News, and this was such a not Fox news type thing for him to talk about, but he brought up and went into pretty graphic detail, the epidemic of warlords raping little boys in Afghanistan.


And this was, this was a major thing that a lot of the guys who served in Afghanistan talk about. But so when we were, we were against the Taliban, we were trying to overthrow the Taliban. And a lot has been made in, in America and, and rightfully so about how the Taliban are really brutal on women's rights. They, you know, they don't let girls go to school. They don't let women have any type of freedom. However, on the other side were these tribal warlords who we were propping up. And it is true that they would let the little girls go to school, but they would also rape the little boys. Hmm. It's like an epidemic of it. And they'd, they'd bring, and so the dynamic was that our soldiers over there weren't allowed to say anything about that.


'cause they'd be like, well, listen, this are, this is their customs and their way of life. And so they would talk about how they could hear the screams from the little boys, like in their rooms and stuff. And so, and he talked about it on Fox News, which just kind of gave me the impression that I was like, oh, maybe this guy is willing to kinda like, tell the truth in a thing where it's a little uncomfortable in an audience that isn't typically used to hearing that. Mm. So we'll see. I don't know though. He used to really support the wars. I'm not sure where he is now. Interesting. Wow. There's a lot going on, huh? Yes. Do you think that trump's that things are gonna be different this time? Do you really think that, say there is this deep state, right?


Do you think we can really get away from it? Or it's a, is it just a lost cause and, and sometimes it's like, I almost just wish they, my thing is I just wish they would tell. I wi I just want to know. I don't like, I don't like not knowing, just tell me, I'll do whatev I'll do the game. You know what I'm saying? But tell me what the game is. Tell me what the rules are. I understand that impulse. I, I think that, I think the best part of Trump winning is that there, it's been, the cultural effect of all of it, I think has been amazing. Like, I ju I really think everything like from November to now has just been great. It's been great. There's been this big reset that we needed in America. It's like the corporate media is crumbling, woke is receding.


Like the insane kind of political correctness of the last few years seems to be like, largely defeated. I think all of that is great. I don't think the deep state is going anywhere in, in the next few years. But that I, I don't, like, in turn, I'm very optimistic long term. I think that, you know, it's, it's easy to say like, we're never gonna beat this thing. And it's al it's always gonna be this way. They have so much power. We have so li little, but the truth is like, you know, communism fell, slavery was abolished. America declared independence from the British monarchy. You know, the, these things all would've seemed impossible and you could have easily said, oh, this is just gonna be here forever.


It's just the way of the world. But it, it, it wasn't, those things are gone now. And I think there's no reason why America can't have like a great kind of a great reformation, a great return to the gr the best things about America. A huge increase in liberty and decrease in awful state corruption. Like, I don't see any reason why that can't happen, especially when they don't have the propaganda machine anymore. Yeah. Yeah. And I think, you know, it, I've always, I've always thought like the sand, like it all gets remembered, right? Like, I think sometimes it's like, are we just, is is America still suffering from like what it did to the Native Americans here? You know?


And I know that's kind of wild, but they had like the, there was a line that they put, I think it was around the Mississippi called the something frontier, general Frontier or something where they're like, we'll pro it was a just a deal that they'd made with the Native Americans. We promise we will never cross here. This is your land. It will always be your land. And then within 30 years, yeah, it was like, you know, and it's like, I just feel like the ground remembers. It's like sometimes it's like you're just, you can't completely escape sin. I don't think you know or wrong. I don't think you can completely escape, but you can feel like you can, and you might in your generation, in your life, but what you're gonna leave is something that's, it's in the end it all has to be even.


And So I just feel like, you know, like the ground just keeps the score. Yeah. There was something, was it to you, I can't remember, but there was something Jordan Peterson said about that, that he was like, how you can't get away with lying. How you can't like twist the fabric of reality and it not snap back at you. And there is something to that. I don't know if it's exactly perfect, but like, there is something to like, where no matter what, you know, it's like, it's true like in a relationship. Like, you know, if you think like, oh maybe you're like, oh, I could get away with treating my wife shitty. And maybe you even can 'cause she'll take it for a while, but like ultimately there's gonna be a price to pay for that. You kind of can't get away from This.


Yeah. There's gonna be a Dateline episode. Yeah. Something and people are gonna side with her. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's all gonna cut. You can't, Well, it's the same way you could stay up, you could stay up for three days in a row and not sleep, but then like on that fourth day, you're gonna just fall out and be in deep because like, you owe rem sleep, right? You owe it like you, sorry, we gotta, the universe has a receipt for you of rem sleep that you owe for the last, the invoice. And there's, there's something about how like, you know, it's like, okay, I could, like, I could go on my treadmill right now and like go run for 20 minutes and that will suck. I hate those 20 minutes when I go run on my treadmill. Or I could eat a big piece of cheesecake and just love the next 20 minutes and feel so good.


But there's gonna be a price to pay for that. You know what I mean? Like, I'm gonna feel better about myself. I'm gonna be in better health if I do the running. There's just this weird thing with the universe where it's like you kind of can't cheat the system. And if you try to cheat the system, there's always a price associated with it. And now you owe that price. It may come later in life, it may, whatever. You know, like if I, if, if I wanna like whatever it is, if I wanna be really shitty to my wife now, it's like maybe I think that gets me some advantage in the short term. But then when my son's older and he remembers that and he hates me, it's like, oh, okay, yeah, there's the price for me not being good to his mom. So you always, like in life in general, you're always better off if you err on the side of like doing the right thing so that you don't owe these prices later in life.


I see it all the time. You see it with like old men who were like shitty drunk dads and were, and now they're alone and they're old alcoholics. Yeah. And you're like, oh man, the ultimate loser here is you. Like, you got like a grandkid you never met, you know, and you guys, it's like there's, you can't cheat this game, so you're better off just doing the right thing and not accruing all these, these debts. Yeah. I What do you think about Elon and Vivek? Do you think that that is a, is that really something that's gonna have an effect on, on things? Who do they have to answer to? Because they're not an actual government entity. Yeah. Is that correct? Yeah. So it's, it's, it's, it's ridiculous, but it's also really interesting and the, yeah.


Donald Trump just gave them a made up department that they're in charge of. So they're not technically a, a government department, Department of government efficiency, I think Say department, but it's not a real government, Right. Department of government of efficiency do. So it's not real. But this, I've been seeing this for a while. I feel like we've entered this kind of like privatized communism, I call it. Where, and, and you could call the, and, and this wouldn't maybe be considered communism, but it's privatized democracy, right? It's like we have, like, we don't have the post office anymore. We have Amazon, right. We have email, you know, it's like, it's all been privatized. Right. We don't really realize it. There's still everybody's like, the government sucks. It's like, yeah, but the government's a company now. It's some other company that's doing the shit that the government used to do. Well. Right. It's so instead of the game, 'cause 'cause what it is, is that in most people's minds, they have kind of roughly, at least the idea of like capitalism versus socialism.


And I understand, I'm speaking like, like with a broad brush here. But like, they're like, okay, so like on one hand you have like, the government is isn't involved and it's all like competition and private companies. And then on the other hand, you have like, the government's much more involved and the government takes over these services. But really what we have is an either of those, what we have is gigantic multinational corporations that long ago bought off the government. So you have this huge government that's involved, but it's just working for these private interests. Right. It's just wrapping paper. Exactly. Yeah. So like I think that's, I think that's exactly the correct way to look at it. But the belief is that we still have this thing of freedom. And you still do kind of have democracy in some ways, right?


You could still run for an office, you could still vote for someone, but it's, it certainly feels things feel more manufactured. Yeah. Yeah. Like even, like, that's why I think very, the uber wealthy, they don't care that much about the police and shit. 'cause they have their own security. They have, they're not fucking worried about that. Right. Well, that's the crazy thing. And it has really, it's been one of the things that I think turned Americans against Hollywood. But there's something about like kind of the like elite, progressive, you know, like the, the people who lecture everybody else about guns and support gun control, but they have armed security.


Right? The people who are offended that Donald Trump talks about building a wall, but they live in a gated community. The people who, you know, go on talk About climate change, but then take private planes everywhere to private jet. Dude, you could go endless, endless examples of this, right? They talk about you if you're upset about what they're teaching in your local public school, they say you're a bad person. Meanwhile, they kids go to private school. They don't have to deal with what's going on in the, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's like at every, they're totally insulated from the effects of the policies that they support. And so, you know, anyway, to go back to the Doge thing, what I think, So I, I Had Hadda dinner with the vague like a couple months ago. People say He's a neat man. I never met him. He's, I, I like him a lot. He's, he is, I've gotten to know him pretty good over the Last year.


Is he Bangladeshi or Indian guy? He's, he's Indian, but he's American. He was born here. Yeah. Yeah. But he's first of, he's brilliant. He's very, very successful. And I will say, you know, I won't like divulge too much stuff that we said in private, but he is really big on this Doge thing and he's like, listen man, me and Elon got some tricks up our sleeves and we're gonna get some, we're gonna be very effective with this. Essentially what they're gonna do is make policy recommendations. And their recommendations already are gonna be massive cuts in government spending, which is fuck. Yeah. I think the absolute correct answer. Me too. And so I'm at least excited to see that like, that's being interjected into the public. And him and Elon are both, I mean, these are brilliant guys, so maybe they could really come up with something here.


I Agree. Well, it's just amazing how where our country keeps going more and more in debt. In the end we're gonna have a loan to some other country and that country's just gonna be like, now you belong to us. Right. Or the whole thing has to like crash and then we are, we're setting ourselves up for failure and, and, and even just now, right? Yeah. And I don't wanna sound too gloom and doom too well, but Even just now, it's like, forget forgetting. Like the debt is a major problem and we're going off like the fiscal cliff and we're not gonna be able to keep this up. But even just right now, the reason we're racking up so much debt is 'cause the government spends so much money every year, and this is, that is the corruption. It's not like a symptom of the corruption. It's like you got an organization in Washington DC that by force extracts $6 trillion of wealth away from the American people every year.


Yeah. And then give it out to their connected friends. It's like the most, like, It's fucking, it's it's laundering. Yeah. It, it's, it's the most criminal shit in the world. You could imagine. The only reason why we don't think of it as criminal is because it's so big and successful. But if anyone did it on a small level, you'd be like, oh, I know what that is. That's a gang. That's a crime. Right? Like that's, and and, and even, and, and like I said before, the other big thing is that in order to have such a big government, what you need is, 'cause you can never tax people enough to pay for all this shit. And they can't even borrow enough money to pay for all of it. So they have to just constantly be printing money. And that sends us into living in an inflationary world where everything's constantly getting more expensive and the value of your dollar is constantly going down.


And again, this is, if you're rich, it's fine. If you own stuff, you can kind of protect yourself from it. 'cause the value of your your assets goes up too. But for middle class and working class and people on a fixed income, this just destroys them. Absolutely destroys them. I mean, look, the price inflation over the last few years has just like, I don't even know, you know, the Federal Reserve keeps numbers on this stuff, but I don't know if they've done it over the recent way of price inflation, but how many marriages get destroyed by this? Oh, yeah. You know, like, people commit suicide over stuff like this. I mean, it's, they don't care. Yeah. And they don't think about that. It's the same way. They didn't think whenever they, they don't care. They don't c it's same way.


They didn't care that every aa room and meeting was gonna shut down when they Yeah. When they started Covid, you know, or whenever Covid started, it's the same way that they didn't care about the pill epidemic that's taken hundreds of thousand 600,000 lives. And not only, not to mention the, the ripple effect of those deaths that have broken the hearts of mothers and, and children and wives and husbands. They don't care. I, I just, that's what it feels like anymore. It feels like they don't fucking care. So what can I do now? Well, it's also look, but then also, I also have to remember that throughout history, people have lived in this exact same space, feeling like their government did not care about them.


And, and worse, I mean, in much worse Spaces and, and much worse. You're right. So that's why I think other countries are like, well this is like, welcome. Yeah. You know, welcome to what it's really like, you know, to exist. Yeah. Okay, fine. But like at the same time, that Doesn't mean, but we should have better. Yes, That's right. Look, I mean, so there's, there's lessons to take from all of that stuff, right? Like, there are people in the 20th century, we had two world wars, you know, like Yeah. Tens of millions of people just got caught up in this for no fault of their own at all. And I'm not even talking about just like the standard textbook history. Like there were people who just happened to be Germans, you know what I mean? They weren't, they didn't necessarily even support the Nazis or anything like that. There were ethnic Germans, Darrell Cooper just put out the prologue for his new World War II series in the first one.


It's so good. But all talking about like, and this is like a forgotten chapter of history, but after World War ii, ethnic Germans not even living in Germany, weren't even living under the third Reich just in Eastern Europe, just got totally like, slaughtered by the millions raped and beaten and ethnically cleansed. Like there were so, and that this is obvi obvious. I only lead with that because it's like the one that people don't know as much about. But like, obviously there were Jews who just happened to live in Germany or in Eastern Europe. Oh yeah. There were Russians and Poles and just all types of people who just got destroyed. So no, okay. People have had it much worse. But at the same time, I do think it's your point being, you know, especially when you see like the corporate media and you see the way they freak out over January 6th, the way they freak out over, you know, whatever it would be any, the latest thing Donald Trump says.


And then you sit there and you go, yeah, you go, a hundred thousand people die of overdoses in this country every year. And by the way, calling them overdoses is not entirely accurate. Poisoning is a good term. Yeah. Poisoning is more, I mean, when you're talking about the fentanyl thing, I mean, at least for me, when my whole life, when I thought of what the word overdose meant, what overdose meant to me was essentially like, you, you become such a drug addict that you build up such a tolerance that you gotta take so much drugs in order to get high, that eventually you have to take so much that it kills you before you even get to like, feel good. Hmm.


But that's not the same thing as someone thinking they're taking a Percocet and it actually has fentanyl in it, and then they just kill themselves. That's not exactly an overdose. No, That's a poisoning. Yeah. You Got poison to, and That company didn't even face any Ram repercu. They're still allowed to come into America. I know it. And this isn't even something that comes up. Well, people do care. People care, but they can't do anything. Right. Well, what I just say is like, it's just like say say like, okay, I understand that. Like some people broke some windows of the capitol building on January 6th, and I understand that a OC was real scared for 20 minutes or whatever. Okay. But like that the amount of coverage and outrage that that gets compared to a hundred thousand of your fellow Americans being poisoned to death every year. I know. And it's not like it's a one-to-one, it's a 100 to zero.


I know. Like, this just doesn't even come up. It's not even like a Until Hollywood is like, oh, we'll make a series about it. Yeah. So we'll make now we'll make money off of it. Well, this, I'll say this dude, and this is like, I'm, I'm mildly embarrassed to admit this, but as somebody who's like obsessed with this shit and talks about politics all the time, it wasn't until Bobby Kennedy ran for president and he goes, he goes, you know, America leads the world in chronic illness. And I remember being like, is that right? Do we lead the, like, I didn't even know that we led the world in chronic illness. And there's like, just, it took Bobby Kennedy, why is no one else who's run for president ever brought this up? How is this not a thing that we all talk about all the time? Well, Bernie Sanders talks about a good bit of it.


A a lot. Well, he talks about Bernie Sanders talks about the health insurance stuff. He talks about the Medicare for all stuff, but I never really heard anyone talking about what Bobby's talking about. Good point. In terms of like, why are we so sick? Like, forget whether you think we need universal healthcare or private healthcare or whatever, like whatever health insurance you're talking about, I'm saying like, why do, why are we so sick as a people to begin with? Yeah. And that's more about like what we're eating, what the, you know, like what what we're consuming. I know, But okay. Then say if there's these forces and they see like, okay, we can poison 'em this much and we can make the money here and this, but why, what do they get out of all of it? Or do you think there's just such a level of wealth and control that after generation and generation, you just start to see it as a game almost?


Like what? That's, that's the part I can't understand because I couldn't understand like, at a certain point you start to do well and then you want to help other people. Like whether it's like build a facility for drug people or whatever it is, right? Like get clean water, like do something po Like I can't understand getting to the part where you start to see people just as nothing more than some than basically ghosts to launder your money through really. Well. I do think that when you get, well, obviously, like, so It is control, A lot of it must be control. Well, a lot of it's control. So much of it is business. You know what I mean? Like, so much of it is just like, oh, there are these companies that make tons of money off this shit.


But I do think that there's like a mentality that gets developed when you get to a certain level of power where like, you know, the same thing like with, you know, like if there's companies, like if there's a little mom and pop store, they kind of know everyone in the area and they kind of care a little bit more. They're more connected to the community. When you're talking about like a giant corporation, you're just kind of like a cog in a machine to them. Like they're, but when you get to like the top, top level of power, and I think they've been pretty explicit about this. I mean, Henry Kissinger pretty much like admitted this in his own words that people are pawns on a chess board. And that's the way they look at it. It's not, they don't believe that they are like, they're almost above what me and you would consider morality.


You know what I mean? It's like they're, they're at this super high level where it's like, listen, we are do, we're moving these pawns over here so that the Soviet Union collapses and Oh yeah, it sure does suck if you happen to be a Vietnamese person. But we're at war with the Soviet Union, and so you're just pawns on a chess board and that, and that's what they're doing with Ukraine right now. What they're doing with Ukraine right now is just using them as cannon fodder to hurt Russia. And they pose as the ones who care about Ukrainians so much, but really they just led them down, as John Heimer said, the primrose path. They went, go ahead, fight this big bully who you could totally fuck you up. Go ahead, fight 'em. We got your back To Ukraine.


Yeah. To Ukraine. And by we got your back. Not like the military's gonna come in and actually like back you up, but we'll just give you weapons so you can keep going out there and dying. But it'll hurt the Russians also. And that's the goal. And you're like, it's a, it's a real sickness if you start looking at human beings that way. Yeah. Whaty Kissinger say, bring that back up. He said military men are just dumb, stupid animals to be used as pawns in foreign policy. Wow. Is that Real? Oh, geez. I knew he had some quotes about that, but that one even surprised me. I was like, oh geez, Where was he from? Kissinger. Oh, where was he originally from? Eastern Europe. That's a good question. Henry Kissinger, bring him up, get to there. It was a course The Secretary of State under Richard Nixon, Scroll up.


Born in Germany. Okay. Germany. Born in Germany. Germany. A Jewish refugee fling. Nazi persecution. Maybe that's what made him believe that. Huh? That probably was what led to his belief, huh? Oh, I mean, I'm sure it, I'm sure that Had Hadda profound influence on who he was. Yeah. Yeah. It's heartbreaking then. Harvard University. Very smart guy. Yeah. Oh, he was a genius. Super, super genius. But look, I mean, I think a lot of that even, you know, when you talk about the Nazi connection for his views, but a lot of that, a lot of that is true with the Israel stuff too, that it's like, you know, a lot of this, it's like people who like went through a lot of the shit that they went through got it. In their minds that like, you do whatever you have to do to make sure you are the one in power to Survive.


And that's that. Yeah. Oh, I get it. Look, that's what I'm saying. The sand remember, or you know, or the gr it all reme. There's, you can't, it, it's all remembered the big brain of time. It holds it all, you know, the whatever it is, the soul of time, it holds it all. Yeah. And it's, Dude, there's, it's interesting, It's fascinating, it's painful. It's, it's life, you know, was it's death, it's all of it. It's like, I think it's just like, I don't know, some of it makes you fucking sad, you know? And some of it like, yeah, maybe it's easy for me to just sit here and say things from my home that has heat in it. You know? I don't know. I don't, But that's life, right? Is that there's like life is that there's like constantly tragedy all around us, but then there's beauty all around us also.


Yeah. And then if you can kind of like reconcile yourself with the tragedy and accept that you can really enjoy the beauty in, in life. Yeah. And that's, you know, that's the best we could try to do. But yes, you're right. We speak from a, a position as the lefties would say, from a position of privilege. And we're able to, but at the same point, like my thing is kinda like if you are in that position and we're fortunate enough to like be in a heated studio and in a comfortable environment or whatever, then like, okay, so then we should try our best to kind of rise up above, like what I was saying before, we're like, Hey, if you're an Israeli Jew and one of your family members were killed on October 7th, of course you're gonna be like, go get those guys.


And if you're a Palestinian who saw one of your kids get killed by an IDF, you know, mission, of course you're gonna be like, let's go get those guys. But from our position of not being in either of those positions, we should at least be able to go like, okay, let's try to calm things down. Let's try to like push for peace. Let's try to go like, we understand how both of you could feel that way, but understand where the other one feels the same way you do. So like, at least sometimes there's an advantage to be like, on a perch in a little bit of a better situation where you can kind of see things and go, okay, let me at least call balls and strikes on this. And not just kind of flame more conflict, which is what people on the ground are doing. Yeah. Yeah. I think I've always just like, I don't know, I feel, I think I just, if I feel like something's the underdog, then I'll air I'd rather err on that side.


Yeah. For me, it's like, somebody's like, oh, you got mad, somebody get mad. You fucked up. You ch you chose the underdog. Like, all right, yeah, my bad. You know, I just, that's like, I just think that's how I feel. How do we know, like Dave, tell me this, is there any country where if you live in the country, you have to, you have to like, like commit to that country? Well, in what sense? Like, what do you think? So, because America just starts to seem like this place where everybody can just commit for their other country if they want to. Yeah. Well, I think that's one of the things that has been a big catalyst for Donald Trump rising the whole America first thing.


Like this idea that, hey, like we should be for our country. I think that there was, particularly after World War ii, which is really when you had the rise of like the, the current world order. I mean, obviously the Soviet unions were part of it, and then they fell. But the, the kind of American dominance started really after World War ii. I mean, we won and we dropped the nukes. And the situation was that all of the industrialized world had been destroyed except for us. The war touched everyone, basically every power except us. And we lost some men there, but we still came out, like with the homeland, We Had Hadda big headstart. Yes. Well, sorry. We got in late and we developed the nukes.


And so just it all, and we used nukes. And so it was like, oh, they have this new weapon that nobody else has. And so after that, the, the, which Was sick, by the way, too Horrific. Oh. Just like, I mean, totally inexcusable and disgusting. And which Almost makes you wonder, do we have our, just our judgment day coming, you know? Well, I, or Not us, we didn't do it Well. That you would hope, you would hope that the universe can pick out who was involved, at least to some degree and who wasn't. But in some ways, you know, there's this great old John Quincy Adams quote, which I'll probably butcher, but maybe you'll pull up. So I get, but it's like, it was something like, if we go around the world looking for monsters to destroy, we will become the digress of the world, but we will lose our own soul.


And that was, which is pretty profound that he said this back in the early 18 hundreds, I believe. What does the digress mean? Like dictator, like the female version of, of dictator. So like, we'll rule, we'll rule the world, but you'll lose your own soul or something like that. I might be butchering this quote, but that's essentially the, the gist of it. The point was that you're like, oh, you go dominate the world, but you lose your own soul. Like you lose, you know, you're, you kind of, you take over everything else, but you lose the essence of who you are. Well, it's the same thing as like being like, I think like a, somebody like Jim Carrey or some type of a celebrity, you put so much of you out there, right. That you are all over, but you don't know who you are anymore. Right. You know, and there's al there's a weird like, you know, call, like there's a weird equation to that.


But after World War ii, America kind of took on the mantle of being like, okay, well we're gonna rebuild Europe. And, and there were arguments for why we should, we're we're gonna, we're gonna be the defense of Europe. We formed NATO so that we could protect Western Europe because, because they weren't in a position to do it for themselves. And it just, it's almost like we became then the country that was always in the business of welfare for other countries. Right. And I think what happened with Donald Trump, where a lot of people were, is that after, particularly after the years of the terror wars that were such disasters, is that people started kind of reassess that and be like, well, look, we're not in a situation right now where Europe is destroyed and you know what I mean?


Like where the, like, the only ones unscathed by this war, Europe is rich, they're fine. A lot of these other countries are like in, they're stable and we are $36 trillion in debt. Our our dollar is getting weaker. Our culture is like totally pitted against each other. Yeah. Things feel like they're kind of falling apart here. And so it's just, it's a different proposition to go like, Hey, you know, my family is taken care of and doing really good and I'm gonna help out this other family who's like friends of ours. That's a totally diff different proposition than like, when my family's falling apart and are broke and hungry, helping out somebody else. Right. Like that's like, that's just a different thing.


And So I do think like there should, it's, it's healthy and normal and natural that there should be an, a movement in America that's concerned with America. Oh Yeah. Well, you have people too who's, who lost their grandfathers, who lost their siblings, who lost their great-grandfathers to helping liberate other groups and helping Yeah. Around the world helping be those military presence around the world, you know, and who served. And they thought that that meant something, you know? Yeah. That there was some value that it meant something that the American flag hasn't, hadn't just been pitted by, hadn't just been divided as if it was a conservative emblem. That's crazy to think that somebody got fucking half of America to think that the American flag stands for like rednecks or something.


Yeah. Like, think about that shit. People don't wanna think about that. People don't wanna think that, oh, that's true. There's a little part of me that caught that took that bait. You know what I'm saying? And wondering who's, who has put the bait in front of you and then see the hook, man, there's a fucking hook. Yeah. You know, like if loving America is right wing and freeze The base on a hood daddy And free speech is right wing and working out is is right wing what, so shouldn't we all be right Winging then, like, what are we even talking about now? Like, And that, and then I think that that's all changed. It's like you have democrats that are Republicans now you have people that don't know. You have a ton of people that wanna be libertarians that don't know what it is. And so that's one of the reasons why I think we wanted to learn from you what it is.


What is a libertarian idea of healthcare look like? What does that look like? Well, I look, I mean, the libertarian idea with all of this stuff is to like, actually get the government out of the way and let there be a real market. Yeah. I mean, so much of the problem in healthcare in general is that it's just, it's not a real market like any other market. The the prices, you good luck even finding out, finding the prices, what the prices are. It's the only business you could walk into where no one in the room knows what the price is. Yeah. And it's not, and and because like, you know, I remember it was, there was this one time that my, it was like years ago, like it was, I think before we got married, but me, my wife was like, she Had Hadda month where she Had Hadda lapse in her insurance.


And so she had like one month without insurance before she got on mine or something. And then, and she had blood work done the month that she didn't have insurance. So we get some bill, you know, like a bill. You mean Blood work or whatever? Oh, like, okay. Yeah, yeah. Like taking her blood. And so we get a bill for like 1400 bucks and my wife calls them and she's like, Oh yeah, I, I think what happened was she, she went to the doctor when she still had the insurance, but then they sent it to the lab after her insurance expired, before the new one kicked in. So she stuck with this bill or whatever, and they, and she goes, she goes, oh, so this like fell like in my lap, so like I don't have insurance. And they go, oh, you're uninsured. And she was like, yeah. And they go, oh, we'll knock 70% off. Wow.


Just like that now party. I remember in the moment being kind of like, I mean, this is many years ago and I was, I'm doing better now than I was then. But at the time I was like, oh, sweet, we just knocked 70% off. But then as soon as I'm like, sweet, I'm like, wait a minute. That's all the prices are inflated by 70% for everybody else who has, who, who has insurance. It's like this con and it's all because of these crazy overregulation over government involvement. It's just literally things work better when you have a free market and there's real competition. Yep. So that's the libertarian answer to almost everything is like deregulate it, let there be real competition, let it be privatized. But if these private companies fail, let them go outta business.


Don't come in and bail them out. Right. Let them actually have to compete for who can provide a better service to their customers. That's when we get good things. Yeah. There's a another part in that book where Zocdoc, Marty Macari, that doctor who's just, who got, is gonna be appointed by Trump, he, he talked about how, yeah. There was a guy whose father had like a stroke and they kept him in the hospital and they could do a procedure. And they're like, it's like $150,000. And the guy's like, what the fuck? We can't do that. And they just, they kept kind of like holding him off. And eventually they're like, yeah, it's $15,000. Yeah. Just like, just, yeah.


It's just Insane. Every couple of days they would just call him back like, we'll do it now. We'll do it now. And he, he, he was visiting America from another country and he decided just to go back to his own country and have it done there. But he was just shocked at how just the price went down 'cause they were gonna possibly lose the patient. Right. Yeah. Which is the way that businesses should be the potential you could lose the customer. What about the Federal Reserve? What is it and is it fucking us? Oh yeah, totally. Oh, it's the worst thing I've heard about this Ben as it's The worst thing about our government is, is because I Noticed this, if I make money and I pay taxes on it, right. And then if I use that money to pay somebody for something, they have to pay taxes on it.


If I die, I get taxed like 30, 40% on the money that I'd already paid taxes on. Oh Yeah. And then you like, I, I mean it's insane. And then when you, if you think about how much money is actually taxed, I mean, like, it's not just like that you pay taxes on, but then if you go and buy something from someone else, then they gotta pay taxes on the money that you already paid taxes. It's just, it's nutty. But the Federal Reserve is the central bank that's, so the, it's, it's all kind of confusing because they call it like the Federal Reserve. And so you kind of get this impression that it like, well, it's part of the federal government where they keep reserves of some money or something like that. But that's not what it is at all. It's technically not even a part of the government.


It is, it's the worst of the government and, and the worst of not the government. Right. So it was created by an act of Congress in 1913. Okay. It's the, the treasurer, the head of the Federal Reserve is appointed by the president. So it's in that sense, very much a part of the government. Okay. However it gets to maintain its status as a private, independent company. They print the money and then lend it to us. So they charge us for using dollars at all. They make money off the fact that we use our own currency that they're just given the right to print out of thin air or a bank. So in effect, in effect print out of thin air. I mean most of it's done on computers these days, but so what they do is they, it was created by a bunch of powerful bankers.


There's a great book on this called The Creature from Jekyll Island that really goes through the whole history of it. But let's That book, that creature from Jekyll Island. Oh, it's a good one. By g Edward Griffin. Okay. The, yeah. Let's, we'll have to order it right now, but let's go back to that, to Federal Reserve. It's A great book. I highly recommend everyone read Also Ron Paul and the Fed is another great book on the Federal Reserve also. But so they are, so essentially they print the money and then lend it out. Now they lend it out to what are called their member banks, meaning all the big banks. So JP Morgan Chase, Schwab. Yep. Bank of America, all these guys. Wells Fargo. Yes. So they lend it out to them.


And then those banks lend money to the rest of us at a much higher interest rate than they got it for. So all of the banks now are in the business essentially of getting free money. They just get the money at low interest and lend it out to us at higher interest. So they all get rich off of this. It allows the government to spend as much money as they want to because they can print as much money as they want to while it destroys the currency of the rest of, of us. And the worst thing about the Federal Reserve from, from my perspective, is that it lets the government get away with just really evil things that they would never be able to get away with if they couldn't print all the money to. So, you know, you could do lockdowns and then just hand out checks 'cause you can print the money.


Ah, but if you couldn't hand out the checks, you probably wouldn't be able to get away with Lockdowns. You could fight a war in Afghanistan for 20 years. Now, if you Had Hadda tax people for that war, if you Had Hadda say, okay, listen, we wanna fight a war in Afghanistan, so every quarter we're gonna come to you, you for another, you know, 10% of your income. There'd be massive pressure from people to end the war. Right. But since they just print the money, they're able to keep it going for, for 20 years. Wow. And it also does a lot to like distort markets and just mess everything up. 'cause they pump money into markets where there's no real demand for there to be growth there. It's a, it's a huge scheme. It's privately owned. We don't even have real information on it. There's never been a full audit of the Federal Reserve. Wow. There was, Ron Paul was the only one in Congress who was really pushing for an audit.


I, in fact, I think Thomas Massey also was, but never got it done. The Federal government sets the salaries of the board's seven members, seven of the board's, seven governors. And, and it receives all the system's. Annual profits after dividends on member banks, capital investments are paid. The Federal Reserve earned a net income of a hundred 0.2 billion in 2015 and transferred 97.7 billion to the US Treasury. So they make some money in there. They made $5 billion. Yeah. But there's, but the thing is that their books have never been opened and audited. So we don't really know exactly what's going on. Are we banked? Are we based on gold or not? No, we haven't been on gold for many years. We have, it was in 1973 or 71.


Was it Nixon suspended the gold standard and we've never been back on it since then. 71. Sorry, I should have had that one. Why did they suspend the gold standard? Well, So basically, Wait, let me say the gold standard was a monetary system that linked a country's currency to a set amount of gold. So, so our currency was actually backed by an actual Yes. Gold. The idea was that you could, for every dollar you printed, you Had Hadda put away a certain amount of gold. So, okay, so what I was talking about before, after World War ii Europe is destroyed, America is still left stable. This is when America, they created what was known as the Bretton Wood Agreement. So essentially America was like the dominant power in the world. We had the huge portion of the world's gold at this point.


And so the deal that we came up with was essentially that other, other countries would peg their currency to the dollar and we would peg the dollar to gold. So you were kind of on a dollar standard. You were kind of on a gold standard if you went on a dollar standard. Got it. And we set the price at $35 an ounce. So for every $35 we printed, we Had Hadda put away an ounce of gold. Okay. So this in a Fort Kn Yeah, I think that's where it was supposed to be called. Also has not been audited, but I think that's where it was supposed Empty. I'm sure dude. Oh yeah. Who that It's I think long gone. But, so, okay. So then you have, so this starts in the what year? Late forties. I'm Bretton Woods started, I I wanna say 47.


Yeah. Yeah. The gold standard was largely abandoned during the Great Depression before being reinstated in a limited form. That's right. It had, so we had gotten off of it and then gotten back onto it. But so what happened is when we were, we're on the Bretton Woods Standard, we go onto it in the late forties, so through the fifties and into the sixties. Okay. And that standard was, was it early? It was before the war ended. Is that right? Okay. And that standard was that for every ounce of gold, we had so much money. That's right. $35. Yes. And then other countries had Penn there, or using the dollar their Currency to the dollar. And so they're holding dollars. Right. But the dollars are redeemable in gold. Right. So that's the idea that you could trade them in for gold anytime you want. It Was all real. There was checks and balances system. Right.


Except that they, we started cheating. And we started cheating really blatantly. Okay. And so in the 1960s, if you could think about it, right, America is doing a lot in the 1960s. Oh yeah. We have the great society. We created a Medicare and Medicaid. We put a man on the moon. We fought the war in Vietnam. America is just spending a ton of money. And so what happened is that a lot of people were holding dollars. Right. And they're holding dollars that their promised are good, are convertible to gold. And I believe it was mostly led by France, but I think England was involved in this too. But they essentially called America's Bluff and they went, you know, you guys are spending a whole lot of money.


I'm thinking we'll take our gold. Like we got all these dollars, we'd like to convert them into gold. So they called America's Bluff. And Richard Nixon was like, nah. And so the way, the way he spun it, it was just a giant default slick Rick. It was just a huge default to the world. I'm not sure. Like we're just not. No. But the way he spun it, which is actually pretty laughable if you, it was, he was like, you know, the French are trying to destabilize the dollar and we will not let this attack stand. So I have to temporarily, those are his words, temporarily suspend the convertibility from dollars into gold. So he basically told them, go fuck yourself.


You know, we don't have gold, but we do have a much bigger military than you. So you will take this. You know, and then, you know, throughout the years, I mean, America just came to continue to dominate the world. So there was no real option for France to do nothing But it, ever since then, we have not been on a gold standard or any standard whatsoever. They can print as much money as they want to with no limit. It says the Nixon shock was the effect of a series of economic measures, including wage and price freezes, surcharges on imports, and the unilateral cancellation of the direct international convertibility of the United States Dollar Gold. Although Nixon's actions did not formally abolish the existing Bretton wood system of international financial exchange, the suspension of one of its key components effectively rendered the Bretton Wood system inoperative.


Wow. And what happened to all the Golden Fort Knox then, Your guess? As good as mine? Can We look that up? What happened to all the gold after the Bretton Wood system? I dunno what word. I mean, I think they would say they still have it, but again, it's like, much like the Federal Reserve. I, I believe, I don't think Fort Knox has been audited in all of this time. Wow. So I don't think we really know, you know, We gotta get in that bitch. I'm gonna ask Trump if I get to see him. Vance would give us an honest answer, I think. Are you going to the inauguration? I Think I'm gonna go because I, well, first of all, I got excited to go. I got invited to go and then I never will get to go again. Are you going? Yeah, same. Yeah. Just 'cause I got invited and it's just kinda like, how could you not go?


I mean, it's just, it's like, it's American history and it's also, this was such a big election too. It feels like such a seismic shift. And I got invited and I'm just like, come on. I mean, I don't know. It's, I, I, I can't not, I'm too much of a history nerd to not be like, yeah, You have to go for that to go. Yeah. And I love that you always seem to have like an this open-ended, like you're not really, you're not attach, you don't, it feels you don't really attach yourself to, you don't get overly attached To I try to be, I try to be attached to principles, you know, and not be attached to politicians. Yeah. So, you know, it's like, I, I supported Trump in this last election just 'cause I thought Kamala Harris was, I thought she was such an insult to all of us, you know?


Like, it was like, come on, you can't actually do this. And, and to, to not have a primary and then just hand select her and then all the, all the lying about Biden, all the going around with The changes. Yeah. The lying about Biden was crazy. I Just couldn't stand that. So I supported Trump, but as soon as Trump starts doing something I think is wrong, I'll be the first one to be like, yeah, dude, this is, he's fucking up. Oh yeah. I just, I think that's the way everyone should be. I think people are way, way, way. I hate, I'm also glad for that, that election season's over. I hate when people get so like, dug in Me too. Where it's like, you're not even really being a person. You're not even really having a conversation anymore. You're kind of getting into this, like, once you pick a side and you're like, I've decided my side is the good side, they're the evil side. Now you're in a, like, ends justify the means conversation.


Now you're trying to make the world fit back. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're, and it's also just a thing where it's like, you would see this all the time. Yeah. Especially during the election. I mean, I remember being on a couple of these shows that I do where I, I think I said to Pierce Morgan at one point, like, I was just like, I was like, maybe everyone will be willing to have a conversation in a couple weeks once this election's over. But right now everyone's just in their dumb, like, 'cause you're, you get to a point where you're like, I gotta just win. My side has to win. And it doesn't matter about like telling the truth. It doesn't matter about actually grappling with what the other person said. So I try my best to, to stay away from that. I think it's not good for you. Yeah. I think, you know, I think that's really how I am. I'm not like, I'm not the, I was never the biggest Republican or the biggest Democrat.


I feel like I was always, I mean, I guess I voted Democrat, had voted Democrat most of my life, you know? But I want there to be more parties than there are. You know, I want, I just want things to be real or I just want to know what's really going on. I just don't like being like, taken advantage of. Yeah. That's the thing I don't like. And so, yeah, I think that's my biggest curiosity, you know, usually is, is trying to think, trying to get things to be fair and yeah. Just to have a voice if I'm right or wrong, you know, I tried, you know, I try to speak up for what I felt like was, seemed like, tried to be the best, you know, or whatever I thought was the best. But then sometimes you're also so deceived, you don't know. And that's one thing that's kind of fascinating about life.


And that's one thing that I think does get me up these days. It's like, what a tricky fucking little game of thrones we're in. Right? Yep. And everybody should feel that way. And you get up and you see where are they tricking you? Who's tricking me? Who's fucking me? Who am I fucking, you know what I'm saying? It's awful. And it's crazy. And it's, it's one of these weird things, right? Because it's like someone will, you know, it's like someone online who you don't even know. You could see a video and someone's saying something really compelling and you're like, oh, that's interesting. And then you're like, Oh yeah, but people are liars. Yeah. So like, this guy might be lying to me. Yeah. Or the guy he's talking to about might be lying to me. And, you know, there are things like this all, it's like, you know, there's, you know, part of the thing when the people in on CNN or whatever, they'll be like, there's misinformation on the internet.


Like they are, right. There isn't misinformation on the internet. I saw, did you see the thing with the Hollywood sign on fire was burning. It was going super viral. Like everyone thought, oh, it wasn't the Hollywood sign. No, it was just a doctored, you know, AI image or whatever. I heard it Burned up. There are people who were lie to you, but then at the same time, the person on CNN who's like, oh, all these guys are lying to you. You're like, yeah, but you're lying to me too, man. Yeah. So that's the weird thing, navigating this world, there's just like all this information and so much of it's bullshit. That's a dirty fucking Halloween and your life is at stake. And that's what does put some, that's what fucking put something on the line, you know? Yeah. And that is something that's kind of inspiring, man. Yeah. That and, and yeah. And if you don't speak up and you don't try to say, then like, yeah.


Just like, that's what you gotta do, man. Use your fucking voice. You know what I'm saying? Use your voice. Is there anything that you would like to talk about? Dave? You have a tour coming up or anything like that you wanna Oh, I'll be on, I'm, I'm on the road, like all year. So comic Dave Smith dot com. Yeah. I got, I've got a bunch of ticket links and dates that are up there already. And there should be more on the website in the next week or so, but yeah. Oh, why Are you going to Bozeman? I'm Oh Yeah. For my, the first time ever. I've never been to Montana before. So, Beautiful Dude. I'm really excited to go out there in a few days. And then Louisville, Fort Wayne, key West. Ooh. Wow. That should be fun. Maybe Nick Swartz will be down there at the bar. He spent a year in Key West during Covid at the fucking, is that True?


Yeah, dude, he went, this is alleged, and I love Nick and he's, he came here and told the story. I think he spent a million dollars at a hotel there, Just staying in a hotel every night, basically. Yeah. I guess if you do that for a year, you could rack up a lot of money down In the Florida. Yeah. I went to Key West for, it was supposed to be 10 days during the pandemic. Yeah. And I was there a year and a half. I heard that you ran up a bill at a ho at the hotel there that was like astronomical. It was insane. I stayed at a resort on the beach for a year and a half, And it cost, I heard a million dollars. I don't think it was a million, but it was pro, it was a lot of money. If you tipped it. Did you tip? I always tipped. What do you think it was? When you say a lot of money, how much was it? I mean, it was definitely probably half a meal for sure.


Nevermind. I feel like, I feel like it was more than That. It might have been. I, I kind of don't want to know. Yep. See, and that's our Federal reserve right there. Well, that is, it's true. And that's How our Federal Reserve operates. You Could have done that for 50 grand on my grandpa's dollar, but there, there you go. Yeah. You can't stay at a resort for a year and a half. Man. That's gonna be a really big bill. But then also, man, it's so like, like that's nice. He's like, you know what? Fuck it. The world might be ending. I might have like lung aids or whatever the kid, you know, whatever they were calling Covid. And I'm gonna go sit, I'm gonna have a margarita and listen to some Jimmy Buffet. You know, There's, I definitely know people who did worse during the pandemic than that. Oh yeah. So that's not bad.


Yeah. Yeah. Montana's great. There's a great place to eat there. Can you look up the farm in Bozeman, Montana? I think that's what it's called. Oh, By the while I'm plugging things. I should mention this one to make my friends happy, but we are, and dude, man, you gotta come. But we're doing Skank Fest in New Orleans. No way. This year. Yeah. When during the Super Bowl. Where? Huh? When is it? I believe it's in November. Ooh. But it is, if you haven't been to SK Fest, it's the best comedy festival in the world. And we've done it in Vegas for the last few years, but we're moving it to New Orleans this year. Very excited for that. I've never done comedy in New Orleans before.


Yeah. New Orleans is a one of a contact place to do comedy. Oh, there's the crew right there. Atel Dylan. Bobby Kelly, who all's in there. Is that bird in the back mark? Yeah. That is Bird mark. Aw. Louis J. Look at him. That's Louis Jay with eyeliner on. I Know. God, that's hot. There's Christine, right? No Mal, no. What is it her Christine. Christine and Rebecca. Yeah. Yeah. Christine and Rebecca. They're the, they're the, they like run the whole festival. They do a phenomenal job. Yeah. Christine is best Shout out to Christine and Rebecca. Rebecca runs the, owns the creek in the cave in Austin. Oh, really? Great comedy. Oh, I've seen her before. Yeah. I was just there two days ago yesterday.


Yeah. That's a fun room. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. It is great. Man. Austin's man. Austin dude. It's really, I'm like, man, you can do so much standup there. It's a, it's a, it's like The new Hollywood, it feels, it's like the new comedy. It really feels, this is the time I really felt it. Every time I go there, dude, it's just like, I felt, and even before Rogan opened the mothership, obviously like more so now, but even before then, it was just kind of like, oh, there's like an energy here. It's like fun to do spots and hang out and there's like, it's, I feel like in New York, like even, which is where I'm from, where I started, even when I go back there, like I don't, I like feel like I don't know anyone anymore, but like in Austin, be like, oh, all my friends are hanging out. You know what I mean?


Like it's, it reminds me of what it used to be like in New York when it always, every night would be, all my friends are hanging out now you get there. I'm like, I don't know who half of these people are. Yeah. But it's just that, I guess that's part of just getting old, but part Of that's getting older too. Yeah, it is. Did I, I know since you said you're Jewish, did I offend you with anything I said? No. Okay. No, of course not. Okay man. Thanks. No, I was waiting for you to go further Further about what? You, you disappointed me? I did. I'm just kidding. Oh no. I was, if you didn't really tear into the Jews. No, no, no, no. You didn't offend me at all. Okay. Yeah. I think you made, I think you made perfect sense. Yeah. Sometimes I, some, some stuff is hard to talk about. I think I'm trying to do a better job this year of like being brave about trying to talk about some things, even if it feels kind of scary.


Yeah. Some, sometimes I have a tough time, like, like saying, Hey, slow this down So I can make sure I know what I'm thinking too. Like, it's been a learning, it being conversations has been, it's unreal. It's, it's harder than you think I think sometimes. No, it's a real, it's a skillset. It's a real skillset. Yeah. And there's a difference also between just like, there's like, just like doing your own thing. Like just ranting is a whole different skillset than like talking to somebody. You know what I mean? And I do think that like, I think there's nothing wrong with like being like, Hey, alright, hold on. Lemme think about that for a little bit. In fact, I think not nearly enough people do that. Yeah. In conversations be like, huh, you just said something.


Lemme like, actually think about that for a second. Yeah. I, I need rather than just give you like my first, the first thought that comes to my mind, let me actually give you like what my genuine thought is. Yeah. I'm gonna try to focus on that a little bit more. Or unfocus on it a little bit. So just leave a little bit more room for things. What was one other thing I was gonna say? Yeah, man, I just, I love the way you're able to think and share and it feels very, you always feel to me like you are being genuine to what you believe. And that's something that I just, I think it's important, you know? 'cause I think that people can know that that's true. Whether you're right or wrong about stuff, you feel like, well, this is how I feel, you know, and this is what I think.


And yeah, I just appreciate it. I feel like we're in a special time where people are trying to figure stuff out. Yeah. Yeah. Well I, I appreciate that. And I do, that's always what I admire in other people. So that's kinda like what I always try to do. Like I, I'm sure I'm wrong about a lot of stuff, but I'm not lying about anything and I'm not like, I believe everything I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. I'm trying. Yeah. I'm trying my, yeah. And a lot of it's learning and it's just interesting man. We're lucky to be able to be alive and think out loud and, and grateful to anybody that listened. And you got Skank Fest in New Orleans later this year. You have comic Dave Smith dot com, comic Dave Smith dot com and then that's my, on Twitter, that's my handle too.


Comic Dave Smith. Yep. And Dave, thank you so much, man. And best of luck this year with, with comedy and everything man. And I might see it the inauguration, bro. Hell yeah, dude. Alright man. Have a good one, brother. Thanks for having me. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of.