
You know, I just went through this on my phone and computer. I Had Hadda get it all figured out. I was paying for extra services that I didn't want.


You know, they had some different annual, some of 'em were annual, some of 'em were monthly. There were things I couldn't believe. I was still involved in Rocket Money. Help me figure that all out. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million and canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Wow. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/t. That's rocket money.com/theo Rocket money.com/t HEO.


We have added a second show in Nashville, baby on May 3rd. It's an early show, 4:00 PM at the Bridge stone Arena and I can't even believe that. And thank you guys so much for all the love and support and I'm honored to be performing here in in Nashville. We also have tickets remaining for East Lansing, Michigan, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station, Texas Gig Belton, Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Winnipeg in the Canada, and Calgary in the Canada. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TOUR.


Today's guest is a financial advisor for Generations Z and millennials. He's a YouTuber. He is a businessman and he's based in Austin, Texas, which is where we're taping today. You may have seen his popular show, Financial Audit, where he takes people to task over there spending habits. I Had Hadda, great time learning about him and his world. Today's guest is Caleb Hammer. Caleb Hammer. Man. Thanks for catching up, dude.


Yeah, What's up buddy? Nice to meet you. Not much. Yeah. Nice to meet you too, man. Hammer, Caleb Hammer. That's a good name. Yeah, it's powerful. It Is. Is that Russian Hammer? Hammer? I think I'm British and native. Oh yeah. So a little conquering, you know, of the United States a little. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. So no matter what side of the bed you wake up on, you're gonna draw a weapon. Probably. That's right. Yeah. That's wild. Native Amer Native American. Yeah, like 25%. Oh, that's Great. Yeah. That's a good amount. Yeah. Not too, not too heavy, but yeah, But enough chilling. Yeah. Enough to feel a little, little tan. Oh yeah. A little minority. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, enough too to fucking know how to make a good fry bread too.


I bet. Yeah. I, I noticed that. So you're kind of this financial guy or financial liaison even to like Gen Z or millennials. I mean it could be anyone, but I feel like that's kind of like, it seems to me like that's kind of like the world that you work with. Yeah. That's who got attached to it. We age range in that, like 18 to 35. That's our big group. Okay. That's where our metrics are right now. And you're helping people with their finances. Like what kind of qualified you to become sort of this, this, this like person who's offering suggestions to To others?


Yeah. I mean since the stuff I talk about it so basic, I was a dumb ass enough, like back in the day to overcome all that debt, get control of my spending, learning how to budget, get kind of obsessed with the personal finance space, build a pretty successful net worth before I started YouTube and just sitting down and talking to the people in the worst of the worst. Yeah. Since I was there, felt like those are the people I could talk to. Not talking to the, to the Theo Von not helping you with your investments, but you know, we're talking about the lady who has tens of thousands of dollars of credit card debt, some car she can't afford and getting repoed left and right. Right. Yeah, I mean I feel like you kind of have this like Jerry Springer meets finances kind of energy, you know, which is, it's awesome.


We Call it Caleb Springer. That's our, that's what we call it. Oh Really? Yeah. Oh, I didn't even know that. Yeah. Oh that's great man. Yeah, it's, it's, it's super fascinating. But like, so what was your financial problem? Just So I know, like where did you start where you're like, oh, okay, I'm in a bad spot. College was, I was so dumb in college man, just starting to go into it. I was going into a major that wasn't gonna make any money. I wanted to go into music and of course if you're gonna go into music, you have to have like a $50,000 computer or whatever it some nice beautiful imax. So max out a credit card with that. Gotta have an electric piano. You gotta be cool, you know, you gotta be like the other music majors Max out a credit card with that.


Why cook when you're tired from school, go to McDonald's every day. And that's before I was even a fat fuck. Like you know, the, I is able to consume those and still be skinny, but max out a credit card with that. Gotta get around. So I maxed out. I got like a 10, $11,000 car loan, but I couldn't afford the down payment. Of course I didn't know anything about money, So I borrowed like $5,000 from the grandparents just to get a down payment on a car. It's the same stuff we're seeing on the show. So you were just in a bad spot. Bad spot. Private student loans too, man. It was rough. And did were, had you been getting advice from anybody or do, or you were just No, this was generational. My parents, even though they are better now, I'll, I'll give them credit there.


You know, we grew up definitely lower middle class foreclosure notices, that kind of stuff. And at that point when the people who would teach you about that kind of stuff, 'cause our school system really doesn't, at least in Michigan and I don't think Texas either. At that point you rely on them to teach you, but they didn't know anything. So I was just continuing that cycle. So every time you see people coming from a lower middle class background or a poverty background's, just that endless cycle because you can't learn from anywhere and you have to get that drive somehow. Right. That's a great point. Yeah. I was always kind of amazed that they didn't teach us in school. Like if you didn't have a strategy, like they would have people come for like parents would come or people with, like people in our community that had jobs would come and talk to us, but they never had like people that had really fucked up.


You know? I know they never had like a crack addict come Yeah. And talk to the class for 20 minutes and be like, this is how this happened. Right. Or they never had anybody that was selling leg or selling coer or whatever on the street tell, you know, like, Hey, this is how things fell apart. Like they never had that other side of somebody who was like in a second bankruptcy or somebody who'd been abused in a marriage. You know, it's like you never really got, you always just got the like, I'm a fireman, you know? And it'd be like, and the kids would be like, awesome, you know? Yeah. And the guy would let you play with his ax or whatever it is. Like, but you never got like the other side of it. It's kind of crazy that they don't have that just in like kind of elementary education, you know? Dude, it's crazy. I think it's like a one week subject and the class where they also spend like two weeks showing you birthing videos.


Yeah. You know, this is something that passes over real quick. Okay. So you were bad off, Real bad. And how did you get on bad off? I just started becoming obsessed with, well I was always interested in the world of real estate. So like H-G-T-V-I, I ate that shit up. I don't know why this is that weird kid who loved HGTV. Yeah. So, you know, the, all the different home shows. I was interested in real estate and that's kind of just a decent connection and segue over to personal finances. So eventually once I started realizing yo can't afford rent, I started just googling some things and I found some other creators, some other podcasts, like BiggerPockets podcasts is really good. I think I started bigger Pockets it's called.


Yeah, it's really good. Okay. Those in real estate, do you know Graham Steffen, the finance YouTuber? Let's see a picture of him. Yeah, little, little short dude. Graham Stefen. Nope, I don't know him. He's One of the OG Financ YouTubers. And I think I started watching him when he was up and coming and I was like, wow, I can't believe how absolutely stupid I am with finances. I didn't even know there was this other world. And then to accomplish the things I dream of accomplishing, it's gonna take actually marking the goals I want to get to and the different steps that are required to get there. And that's where I started to actually focus on building the income, not just the hobby stuff. You know, I was doing music composition and you know, I was making like 30,000 hours a year off of that in college and dropped outta college.


But from there I just knew I Had Hadda go get stronger income, actually build myself a budget. And that's when I started, you know, looking to move in different areas. And I got a connection down in Austin and that's when like I actually started putting the focus and pointing my money in the right direction, building a budget for the first time. And it's been, it's been good since then. Yeah. Okay. So you started to put your money back together, like you started, I mean, did you pay off some of those things? Did you get rid of the car? You said you dropped outta school, so Yeah, I'm assuming that you just realized it wasn't for you or Okay. It's gonna sound like the most arrogant cunty thing ever. And but like I was actually making more on my music compositions than my own professors did on their own composition.


So I was like, why am I spending more money to go in school? Okay, so you already, so that's when I dropped out. Okay. You already felt you like, you'd kind of been able to learn what they were gonna teach you over a course of a long time? Kind of. I mean, I, I like the lessons and stuff, but then I still Had Hadda go to all these other classes that don't matter and I Had Hadda spend money on that. Right. Or least things that were going for the degree. But at that point I still knew nothing about personal finances. Once I moved to Austin, I wanted to get a job that focused on me being my own business. Essentially. That's what I was doing with music composition. And one of the best jobs that just like you and I could go get today if we wanted to where you're own business is sales. Okay. You know, you are your business. You are out there building the client base. And that's what I ended up doing.


And with that I reached the top of the sales team immediately Selling. Yeah. Selling, it was trading education, you know, like stock trading and some memberships and stuff like that. Okay. So no, I'm, I'm not, I'm I'm not familiar with what you're talking about. Okay. Like stock market. Okay. Do so, so you became a, an investor? No, I was selling classes that taught people how to become day traders and stuff. Okay. So day trading courses, really Bad products, I'll be honest. But really, you know, I just Had Hadda, you know, I was taking the job that would hire. Okay. So the but the pr the actual product wasn't a good product or just you thought it was It was fine. Just people shouldn't be day traders, that's the thing. Oh I see. It's like 90% lose money. It's not that the people that were teaching it were bad or the education itself was bad.


It's just like that's probably too risky for your average person to get into. So It's just a risky thing to get into, risky to Get into. But luckily the people I was selling to, they were with people with too much money, too much time. So Oh, you were, yeah. It wasn't like You weren't selling it to children or whatever. No. Okay. No. Especially since, I mean, I think you have to be 18 to open a brokerage if I'm, or at least to open those kind of accounts if I'm not mistaken. But actually being able to build that like personal business, personal brands and getting to the top of the sales team eventually getting the place, you know, bringing in six figures. Wow. Grinding for a couple years. I focused on paying off the par my grandparents first because it was family debt. It's a little emotional.


That's probably not what I would necessarily suggest today to people that I'm talking to. But that's what felt right in that moment. And then the credit cards Is what? Paying off your grandparents you mean? Absolutely. Well yeah. 'cause you have to see them, you still have to answer their calls and you have to hear the, the timur in your grandmother's voice, you know, knowing that they're concerned about their future. 'cause they're missing a little bit of their nest egg. Exactly. Exactly. And they were nice enough to give me that money in a hard time. I gotta be nice enough to prioritize paying it back. Right. And then the 30%, couple 30% credit cards I had from there about $10,000 total in credit card debt. And then Sally may you know that bitch? Oh Yeah, the loan specialist. Oh Yeah. No, she's not, she's not great. So I had some like 12% interest private student loan debt, maybe 15%.


It just kept ballooning. So I focused on paying that off after that. But those are private ones, right? Yeah, so there's, there's ones you get from the state that are lower percentage. Okay. Yep. I had federal backed student loans. I still do. 'cause I'm not gonna pay 'em off 'cause they're only 4%. Actually mine are like 3%. So I'd rather invest instead. Right. So I'm just doing my minimum monthlies there. But yeah, so because Sally and her 15% were just so crappy, I focused on paying those off next and, and then eventually my car debt as well. 'cause that was also like 11% for a Nissan Altima 2013. I don't know if you're a Nissan Altima girly. But their transmissions, they all die immediately. Yeah. So it was like 60,000 miles and the transmission was dying. Yeah.


And I already owed debt on it. It was, Oh yeah. Ultima is definitely, a lot of Latinos would drive them. I know. And then my ex-girlfriend drove one. Oh, okay. So, so you started to get outta debt, you got some, you got some money going. You found out that, okay, you realized maybe this, the direction you were going in in school wasn't for you. It sounded like you started to make some kind of like severe choices, right? Yeah. Big life choices moving across the country, packing up the sedan, you know, going from Michigan to Texas, I got senate. It's not across the country, but it was a big move for me and focused on paying off that debt. And that's once I got my emergency fund, which is what we prioritize after paying off high interest debt, that's where I was like, I can finally start accomplishing the dreams I wanted to.


And I was putting 10% down on a house here in Austin. Oh wow. And that was my big goal. And were you still doing sales at that point? Yes. Yes. I was still doing sales and I started moving in the world of like product management in the tech world. But Like, what does that mean? So it was kind of like fake product manager, I'll be honest for all those that know product management out there. But I was like overseeing memberships at that company that I was talking about and trying to improve their products. And I was just kind of overseeing that, working with different teams. But Okay. I was transitioning to that world. 'cause again, I just like the, I like running some things. That's why I like building out the company that we have now and having management over products and just making a better experience for the clients.


Okay. And is the product you sell now to people, is that a more helpful product you think than the first one? The the other Oh absolutely. The day trading stuff. Oh Yeah. Because what we're doing now, like our simpler budget app, like that is an app that people can use and actually follow a budget, hit the goals that they're trying to do. It's things that actually help people instead of like, hey, there's a 10% chance you might be successful in this field, good luck. Right. That was kinda the products back then. But yeah. So people can actually, you know, finally take control over their destiny. Okay. What is, I I, you talk a lot. Okay. So I feel like I have a decent understanding now of how you kind of got to where you are. Yeah. Right. Like a lot of it sounds like you're like, okay, college isn't for me.


I need to change that. These are the high interest things that I need to, I need to, I need to get a job or find a field. You found sales, it's working well for me. So, and then I need to find out the specific, the higher interest things I need to get outta those first, the lower interest things I can keep. Because if I can invest at a slightly higher interest rate, then I'm gonna be hypothetically or hopefully paying those off over time. Assuming I can make more than the three or 4%. Exactly. Okay. So now you, now you have a YouTube channel where you kind of talk, it seems like to a lot of like Gen Z. Is that kind of safe to say Gen Z Millennials. Yeah. Gen Z, millennial. Okay. What is the number one thing that they are going into debt over now In America? Cars man.


Cars. Everything's drivable infrastructure here. So you have no choice what to get a car, right? You need a car to get a job to pay for the car. Right. They kinda locked us into that, huh? Yeah. What's that? Is there a theory that they, that they did that on purpose that a lot of that's done on purpose you think that we had, that they created like this car economy? Can you look up, just see what you find on that? Well I know in the 1950s right, that's where they start passing like the highway infrastructure bill and that, it's a lot of it for inter intercontinental connection, especially for military safety, being able to move things back and forth across cities. But with that, they came into the cities like Dallas and Houston and LA and they bulldozed massive communities and just built highways throughout.


Then you had white flight from the cities to the suburbs. And then in order to get to the city where the jobs are gotta drive on the highway and it's a cycle from there. Right. Yeah. I think you pretty much just answered it. That's what it seems like a lot of that is. It was like, yeah, people wanted to also live in the suburbs. They didn't want to be in the place maybe. Right. You know, in a, around a bunch of building stuff, you want to have a yard, you wanna have a little bit more space. And cities went to shit after that too. It really did. Yeah. Just whether it's funding or just the job opportunities. Like they went to shit like New York in the eighties was a shit hole. Right. So that's, yeah. Yeah. And then I think you have a lot of people, like if people wanna have a yard and wanna have an environment they take care of, then they kind of, if they take that energy out of the city, then that's not in the city anymore. People wanna live in the city now though.


People are giving up their car and in my age range, you know? Yeah. And the audience's age range, they wanna live in those more walkable communities. And I'm moving into a walkable community. I love to not have to drive. It's A, Oh yeah. It's a nightmare. Yeah. Kind of like my parents, it was a thing where they wanted to drive into work and drive home. That was part of like the commute. You know, it was almost part of their lifestyle. Yeah. You know, I think that that was like a big part of the lifestyle then. Lemme see commuting as we know it today. With people regularly traveling. Significant distance between home and work became prominent during the mid 19th century, primarily due to the industrial revolution, which led to large population shifts towards urban areas and the development of suburban communities accessible by newly, newly established rail systems.


Allowing people to live further from their workplace and commute into work regularly. The term commute itself originates from this era of early rail travel where people paid a commuted fare for regular travel to the city. Oh wow. So I guess if you were one per, like a person that came every day for their job into like, you know, rural New York into the New York, in New York City, then you paid a commuted fare. Yeah. And I, I'm honestly not against like the driving if you want to or living with more space. I'm not against that at all. Like, I actually like that the community I'm moving to is kind of like that. It's a hybrid. But what I don't like, dude, I, I don't know how much you know about zoning in the US but it's crazy.


You know, we're supposed to be like this capitalist bashing of freedom, but we don't let anyone build what they want on their property. So you live in a neighborhood and in order to get a coffee, you have to drive 10 minutes. 'cause no one can build a coffee shop in the neighborhood. Right. Because we tell people what they have to build instead of letting the people determine the market and the market determining what gets built in places. That's what I wanna see a more freedom esque living situation where people can build their communities. Yeah. I think that that's fair. But then I guess what if you Had Hadda, you have a place you finally call home, you love it, and then somebody next door builds like a neon light shop or something. Yeah. And they're just huge and they're putting billboards up in their yard. Like that kind of thing I feel like would lead to war.


Yeah. That's more like HOA, you know, so like I'm okay with like small communities coming together and deciding what's good for their community, but a whole state or a city saying no, you know, you're 40 minutes from city hall, you can't build a bakery there. Right. Sorry. A highway has to go there. Yeah. So Yeah, I guess sometimes you don't know what a city's overall strategies are too. It's like sometimes just as a regular citizen, even though you may think that we do, maybe we, maybe we wouldn't know sometimes what their overall strategies are. There Was this crazy concept where Austin, we built housing. You know, we just allowed developers and capitalism to take place. So we built housing. Guess what's been the largest rent decrease in the nation? Austin, who would've thought The largest rent decrease. Why? Because there's extra housing.


Yeah. We built so much housing. Yeah. Because we just let capitalism happen. But so you're saying that's the bad side of it? Well, it sucks for people, I guess property values or landlords. But it's good people, but it's Also blessing for people that can live. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, well one of the worst things that happens in a lot of places is the artists and stuff are the first have to leave an area because they're the ones who can't afford to live there anymore. You know, I think that happens in a lot of cities where, you know, rent prices starts to go up and then the guy who's like just doing his best to make ends meet who plays a saxophone or you know, who runs a art studio, they can't afford to keep their, you know, they're kind of the first to go a lot of times. Yeah. Gentrification's weird because like, honestly, you kind of go in there, you do get better restaurants, you get better amenities, things do become nicer and safer.


But then there is like that dude who gets pushed out. So there's like, there's positive gentrification's a bad word, kinda a swear word, you know, because what Is gentrification, you mean? It means white people moving in and moving people out. I think it's more just money and development, but people do associate it with that, with that and like, yeah. So yeah. So gentrification is the process whereby characters of a poor urban area is changed by wealthier people moving in, improving housing and attracting new businesses. Yeah. Typically displacing current inhabitants of the process. Right. So they're kind of, you lose a lot of culture. Yeah. Because you, well You develop new culture too, but you, you dev you lose like the old culture, right? Yeah. That's where I want more access to like home ownership. Because if someone owns a home in that area and gentrification happens, you know, they can make a lot of money.


So I want the people who are already there to have access to be able to get into the home and buy it. It's the renters that get pushed out. Yeah. Like the saxophone guy. He's, he'd be the one that gets pushed out. That sucks. Yeah. You Lose a lot of authenticity there too. Yeah, absolutely. You lose people who know the lore of the neighborhood. And then everything just starts to be a Panera bread too. Yes. Which really starts To suck Chain. Yeah, they chain up. That's one thing that starts to happen in a lot of places is you just run a lot of the same and a lot of, a lot of cities start to look the same. Yes. And then you don't have any, there's no reason to even go to another city. You're like, why do I wanna go there? If it's just gonna be another restaurant that's just next door to me. It's the same. Yeah. I think they're called like five by ones. Like all the buildings that you see everywhere where they're like five story apartment complexes with the same chains on every floor.


This is, it's the cheapest to build. That's usually what the, again, the city messes it up by only zoning for that. Yeah. Because everything has to be one size fits all. Yeah. Nashville's ruined. They have a great area there called 12 South and it has all these like, great little shops and stores. And then now it's just been, it has like a rag and, but it just like, it had like quaint vibes you could walk down. It just felt like you were in like a neat pocket. And then now it just feels like you, you can barely tell the difference between there and if you're walking down like South Congress in a way. Yeah. So you're still in Nashville. You ever gonna move to Austin? I might. I'm thinking about it. You know, I'm thinking about if I could afford to get a home here and keep a home here, you know. Oh, you could.


Then I would be able to go back and forth, you know. Oh, if I financially audit your statements. I know you could get home Here.


This show is sponsored by Liquid IV. If I sound pretty juicy, that's because it's, shoot, I'm liquidated right now. I've Had Hadda couple packets today. Probably three, four packets. Woke up in the middle of the night, had me a packet. Liquid IV. I like using it. I use it often. I don't really care about the flavors to be honest with you. There's a, a green grape that I've been using in some type of strawberry deal I've been using. I'll get me a water, pour out a little bit of the water, one and a half sips, and then I empty in that packet of Liquid IV. Get it down in there, put the lid on, check it up, baby Liquid IV. It's more than just a drink. It's a science. You know, it's, you make your formula. So go ahead and break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. That's true. Embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you, you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo codes Theo at L-I-Q-I-D iv.com.


If you ever buy something from our store, we use Shopify. It's 2025. And a new year means new opportunities for a lot of you out there. I know you've been thinking about maybe starting your own business, but you have so many questions. How do I get it started? How do I come up with a brand and I had the same questions that you did when I started. Here's what I learned. The best time to start your new business is right now. Shopify makes it simple to create your brand, open your business, and get your first sale. You can get your store up and running easily with thousands of customizable templates, no coding or design skills required. All you need to do is drag and drop established in 2025 has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? It could be a business you pass on to your own family member one day. Who knows? Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash t. You wanna start a small business? Get started. That's right. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash t. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash theo to start selling with Shopify today. Shopify dot com slash theo.


So just to kind of circle back into where we were. So one of the major things you're saying that Gen Z faces is well Card debt for sure. That's what every American faces. It's car debt. It's Yeah. Again, you have the car so you can get to work to get the paycheck to pay for The car. Right. That's the first thing my mom said. She's like, okay, you're gonna get a car to get to work to pay for your car. Yeah. And it really was the truth kind of. It really was. It was. But it, but also having that freedom was great, you know? Yes. And I, I wanna like just kind of correct what I said, like I'm totally for driving anywhere. If you want to just wish there's more options. It's kind of you're forced to drive. Yeah. That, so that's pretty much it. Oh yeah. They won't even let you take a scooter or a lime on the interstate.


Yeah. You know, which is crazy. Like there might be one state allows it. What state allows scooters on the interstate. Can you bring that up? What state is allowing you to scooter on a highway? It might be New Hampshire or something. They don't give a fuck there. As long as you're an organ donor, they'll let you fucking do whatever you want, bro. As long as you are donating plant-based organs back to society. That's wild. So when I was a kid, they had, you felt like you Had Hadda have a job. Right. And my mom or my, you know, I was raised by my mom. She always Had Hadda job. She Had Hadda job. Like, I, I don't think she only had like, she just, it was always work, you know?


And parents would've been ashamed if they didn't have a job. Do do the younger generations feel that same way? Like people that you're talking to, do they have that same feeling about work? No. There's something really interesting happening in our culture right now that I cannot define super well. I always mess up with the words Infantilization, Infantilization, Infantilization. Yes. Okay. Thank you. A lot of people, I don't know, everyone's like, I'm 19, I'm still a child. There's a lot of that conversations that I'm having on my show and honestly, I didn't notice it too much until I started my doing my show. And then, you know, being a little active on Reddit or Twitter, it's like everyone's really acting like they're a kid until they're like 25 now.


I don't really know what That's called. Baby syndrome kind of. I was So excited to be 18 and have my freedom and just go make money, do what I want, go to college, figure it out. And there's so many learning lessons you get during that time period, but now it's like, I'm a child. Not everyone, but it definitely feels like a cultural shift. Huh? You know those predator like beating videos online? Oh yeah. There's so many of 'em now. Yeah. One thing that's I, I just saw yesterday on Twitter or X that was just kind of demonstrating what happens when Gen Z meets with those predator beating videos. They lured someone, you know, as usual to meet underage person to beat the crap outta the person.


But the Gen Z people lured a 21-year-old to meet an 18-year-old and beat the shit outta the 21-year-old for meeting an 18-year-old because it's a huge crazy underage 18-year-old who's a child. Right. So he must beat the crap outta the 21. It's really weird. Like, what are you saying? Like that was just like, they can't even do that, right? You're saying like, or No, it's just, it's, it's thinking that, Oh, I see. It says, it says five worst to sir worst se worst ces worst sister. Oh, Brandon's on it. Students charge after mob beats up falsely accused child predator. And that's in Worcester. Oh, I'm sorry. I know this place.


Worcester, mass. Five students from Assumption University in Worcester are facing charges of kidnapping and holding a man for a TikTok inspired to catch a predator. Police are saying that the man did nothing wrong as court documents state, the man went to meet a woman who was listed as 18 years old online. So, so what are we saying here? Are we saying the school would not say what disciplinary action, if any, may take, first of all, the math department should take action against these, against these fucking predators. Yeah. Because you have to at least be a predator. Yes. You can't just, I mean, it's so hard to meet people now and if this guy finally comes out of his house to meet somebody and he gets jumped, It's crazy.


But no, you're seeing it all over social media right now. Now. But What are you saying about this? I'm saying that they think you're still a child at 18 and 19 and 12. Oh, I see. You're saying so that you think part of that was this. Yeah. I mean they're talking about age gaps. If you're dating with someone two years, like over two years, people are freaking out now online. It's crazy. Oh, the pearl clutching is wild online right now. Lots of just like over sensationalized. Right? Just everything right now. But I'm seeing that in these conversations where people are like 20 and they think they're still a child. They don't have to, there's no responsibility yet. They can just lean on everyone around them, their family and they just don't have to take care of anything yet.


And that it's kind of hard to see. But that case that we just saw is further demonstrating that impacting other parts of the culture as well. Like we're seeing it across the board. Yeah. There's also this on TikTok especially, there's like this victim Olympic stuff going on where people are trying to over victimize. Like, I'm more of a victim than you from this thing. And it's like, it's just, it's an always over just stepping over each other on who's the biggest victim. I I I, it's so funny you say that. I saw something like this. I love, I love where you're at man. 'cause even some of the things you're saying, it's like things that I couldn't, you're just at this really unique intersection. I think I just wanted to say that.


I'm just realizing that more as I talk to you. But yeah, I'll see things. It's like, yeah, the fires are really bad, but realizing that it's been 11 days since your boyfriend texted you back. Right. And you're like, and someone will be walking down the street with flames in the back. Yeah. But they're making it about them and their boyfriend or something. You know, it's crazy. Or hope my door dasher. Okay, yeah. It looks dangerous out here today. And they'll be from their balcony looking for their taco water and there's buildings on fire. Like, what are we fucking, I don't know man, Turn on your stove. There's, and also leave and go rescue yourself. You're gonna risk it all for some Raviolis.


Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's almost like people don't even feel like they're gonna die. It's almost like, yeah, some, before we get, before I go off on too much of a tangent, whose fault do you think that is? That there's some of that mentality, right? To, is it the parents or is it just society who's, where are you finding the fault of that? You know, I think, I Haven't seen parents like talk about it, So I don't see them doing it. I'm sure there's always an impact, right. Ah. But I think a lot of the TikTok vacation of things, and I love TikTok. I mean, we got a billion views on TikTok last year. You know, I'm happy. Congratulations man. Well, thank you. But like even still there's, I've seen videos of examples of people talking about a story from their past and they're just sharing a story about something that was just, you know, slightly inconvenient.


And then people go in their comment sections and say, no, actually you are a victim. You are a victim of all this that, this, that. Like there there was some TikTok I was watching, I don't know, I think I was watching a reaction to it. Someone was talking about how they had an awkward handholding experience when they were in high school and people were going through the comments like, no, you were raped. And it's like, fuck me. Yeah. And they're just, I don't know, it's just this enabling or Thumb raped or knuckle raped shit. Like, stuff like that. You're like, that's whatcha gonna do a swab kit now on my hand. You know, it's Very interesting. So people, it's, it's this kind of this reoccurring thing. We're just, everyone's trying to one up each other on the victim's guilt, but also trying to tell other people that the victims, it's really interesting.


But we're also starting to see a little bit of a cultural shift in it, I feel like, where like not everyone's like respected immediately who comes outta the gate and just like, you know, tries to act like this big victim. Right. All the time. Especially other creators that try to come out and be like, I'm a big victim from this other creator who like said something bad about me. And then you can clearly see when you like look at their social blade and that video they made was their most popular video of all time. I'm like, oh, wonder why they did that. Right. So now they're Oh, if somebody gets views off of victimhood. Yeah. In some ways. I mean, but Well I think you saw Go ahead. Little Shitty part is that actually just diminishes like real victims at Oh, for sure. Well I think you saw, I saw this with Mark Zuckerberg the other day. He was on Joe Rogan show and he was talking about, bring up some of the clips.


He was talking about how Mark Zuckerberg tells Joe Rogan podcast, Biden administration tried to censor memes in surprise episode. Basically these people from the Biden administration would call up our team and like scream at them and curse. And it's like these documents are, it's all kinda out there. Oh. Did you record any of those phone calls? I don't. No, I don't think, I don't think we, but but I think I wanna listen. I mean there are emails, the, the emails are published, it's all, it's all kind of out there and, and they're like, and basically it just got to this point where we were like, no, we're, we're not gonna, we're not gonna take down things that are true.


That's ridiculous. They want us to take down this meme of Leonardo DiCaprio looking at a TV talking about how 10 years from now or something, you know, you're gonna see an ad that says, okay, if you took a Covid vaccine, you are eligible for, you know, you know, like for, for this kind of payment. Like, so this sort of like class action lawsuit type meme. And they're like, no, you have to take that down. And we just said, no, we're not gonna, we're not to take, take down humor and sat. Okay. That's good. And I, first of all, I believe you will probably see things like that 'cause it's a lot how the drug, how drug companies work. Right. But I think this is exactly what he's doing. He's, because they had, like, there was, they admitted before to like only putting certain stuff up during like deciding them, deciding what it was misinformation or not.


Right. Which, which is just, it's a, it's, it's awkward for a platform to decide. Right? Yeah. Kind of like, unless something is, you know, sexual violent things like that. I don't think that should be on, you know, but for them to decide, for them to decide what was misinformation. But I feel like that's what he's doing here now. He's playing the victim here. He's trying to say, oh, I see what you're saying. That, Oh, we didn't, they're, they were telling us to do stuff instead of him saying we were doing these things. Right. They're Calling and swearing. Yes. Oh no, not swearing, right. Oh no. Right. He's just trying to say, oh we were, we were a victim of all this. And you're almost playing now you're pointing fingers at a sinking ship.


Since the Biden is, first of all, you know, he's, he's not, it's not fair to communicate with him I don't think. And probably hasn't been for a bit because he's just not mentally well. Right. Okay. And no judgment against his party or, or, but just to me, I've, I've always felt like they were taking advantage of a senior citizen. Right. Like if that were my father or grandfather, I'd be kind of upset, you know, that people are marching him out every day. 'cause he believes what you're telling him. Right. He believes that he's fully capable and competent. Right. All right. But yeah, in this instance that that's exactly, you say that there's creators doing that. I think this is one of the biggest creators doing exactly what you're saying. Well, I mean we Had Hadda Prime example. We called the episode our, our titles are wild.


But someone finally walks off Financial Audit. I guess that's actually not the Title. Someone finally what you said just Walks off Financial Audit. Okay. And one of her big, like she was a perpetual victim throughout her life. One of her big things is she sat down and we were talking about creating a better income for her and she said, my therapist told me I can't have a boss. So she can't work ever because she's not able to have any kind of authority around her because it would make her too feel too Triggered or something. Yeah. Right. So she just couldn't have a boss ever. Right. Also, she can't do any physical activity or labor or anything. So has to sit down and do her veterinary stuff from her house but won't get hired.


And half of her resume by the way was like activist stuff anyway. So like Right. Someone you'd be a little afraid of hiring 'cause you don't know what they're gonna gonna do to the culture of the company. So she's not gonna get hired, but she also can't have a boss. Right. But you kinda lowkey does have a boss if she's listening to her therapist because then the therapist is like, well you're gonna pay me and you're, you almost become an employee of your therapist in some ways. I'm not saying that's exactly what happened, but sometimes that will happen to people and then Yeah. People are like, I can't lift anything heavy because like in a past life I was a weightlifter or something who was injured and you're like, well fucking, we gotta get the boxes on the shelves. Okay. Like It is difficult. Yeah. And you know, she may have Had Hadda physical disability with that. Agreed. But not having not ha not being able to have a boss.


Like you can't just, but then complain about how everything's bad. And I, let's be honest, there's No way her therapist told us she shouldn't have a boss. Yeah. A therapist wouldn't say that. Yeah. Well a lot of times you'll pay and then you'll, you'll but that book, that kind of becomes a, like an emotional race card in a way sometimes where people are like, like yeah, my therapist said that. You know? Yeah, Absolutely. I mean she, she was lost all over the place, so I'm not surprised. But again, she was also another victim kind of in her relationship. She was dating a dude for eight years, they got married, but she decided two weeks into her marriage she wants to try titties, you know, just on the other side Date women you mean? Yeah.


Okay. Just go over the other side. Hang out a little bit. He didn't want to, so he's a bad person for leaving her because she wanted to, you know, date women two weeks into marriage. Right. You can't just be funding lesbianism if you don't want to be. Yeah. It's like, yeah. You can support it but if your wife leaves you, you shouldn't still have to be the guy funding it. Yeah. Or a woman if you don't want be open especially Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You wanna commit a relationship. So he's the bad guy because Right. So lot of blame Didn't want blame. Yeah. Two weeks into marriage. What do you, what do you think is the number one thing that's preventing genzer from working? Or do you think we already talked about that? Lemme see where we're at right now. Well, I mean, honestly 60 to 70% of Americans say that they're, you know, they report feeling stress about money 60 to 65.


Say they are living paycheck to paycheck. 50 to 60% can't cover a $1,000 emergency. One in four have no retirement savings. Median 401k balance is 30,000. Like, I mean, there's a lot of things that people gotta catch up on. And the big thing that kind of sucks, and this is where I do feel bad for any younger generation where college is getting more expensive, life gets more expensive. I mean that's what happens. You need to start saving as early as you can because like income's not your biggest wealth building tool as Dave Ramsey says. Says, I'd say that time is because you need time in the market to let it grow. If you put a dollar in at 20, it's worth so much more than a dollar in at 30. But the more expensive things are and the, the more we treat you like a child who doesn't have to work and it's okay to take your time after college and it's okay to go into debt and it's okay to do all this stuff the further you are from not only putting money towards retirement, but covering the $1,000 emergency or paying off the debt that's eating 30% interest by year.


Yeah. The more you have that the, the more that that mentality is accepted and nurtured and becomes like a habit, then surely the further you are from, if you're not even taking care of your responsibilities or you know, hitting like a bottom line or breaking even then yeah. You're certainly not gonna be investing. Exactly. Do you see that nepotism is an issue now? Because, you know, there's a lot of, like, there was always this idea of like Reaganomics where like the top so percent will have the money and there'll be this trickle down, right? Yeah. But that's never really kind of happened, it felt like. Right. Do you That's interesting. Yeah. Do You think nepotism, just how big of an issue is nepotism? Do you feel like you hear a lot, like you hear a lot about these days about like nepo babies, right?


Yeah. I just wonder if, if you, if you hear a lot about that in like the financial world, like, oh you're just like a trust fund baby or something like that, you know, Honestly, you don't see too much of that. In my world, we've seen people that get like a big sum of money. I just talked to someone the other day, she got almost a quarter million dollars from a pass away relative, but she went into that pile of money without any behavior knowledge of how to utilize money. And she's only been in debt throughout her entire life. Only just blows all her money more than she makes. So the moment she got that, well of course does they get saved or invested or pay off debt? No, it's gone in five years. Yeah. Just blowing it on fun stuff. So there is, I'm okay if someone can prove themselves, you know, that they have the talent to be known and of we all, do you have any kids?


I don't have any children. I would like to have some. Yeah. I mean you probably want the best future for them, so Right. You do want the best future for your children. For Sure. Yeah. You, you'd probably be willing to utilize some of your connections to help if you can. Yeah. And I'm okay with that, but it should also be based on skill. So given the opportunity, but if they fuck up the opportunity, you know. Okay. Like good luck. Yeah. So I'm, I'm good with nepo as long as they're proving it a little. But you gotta tr cha teach that behavior. Yeah. Teach that behavior so they don't just, don't just blow through what you give them. Oh yeah. I was talking a little boosty one time, he's a rapper if you're not familiar with him. And he was talking about how like the hardest thing to teach is your hustle to your children. Right. Like your same energy for like, if you didn't have certain things growing up, he's like, it is so hard to transfer that energy to your children.


Absolute. And at the same time want to give them just, you know, the basic needs even, you know, and the basic needs. Sometimes we'll be fancier because they're, you have more money to spend. Take me through a couple of examples if you can. Yeah. Caleb of like Gen Zs or millennials and some of the issues, like just specific things that they showed up with on your show. Okay. Yeah, I mean we had, this is a couple, we just talked about two. It's so entertaining. Like this is what one thing that's so great, it's like it really is. It's just like, yeah. It's a financial Jerry Springer. And it's so funny that you had already coined that term for, for you guys selves. Well people use it as an insult, but it's not So I just accept it. I don't think So at all. I think as long as people are actually getting help and we connect them with resources and they, a million percent know what they're getting into, I think it's just like the most fun thing ever.


And then they have fun, then the audience has fun. And what's crazy is like we could sit down and we could just like do the most boring finance content ever and 50,000 people watch it or something and some people learn something. Or we could do this like true real show that is also just also really entertaining. Hundreds of thousands, millions of people watch it. And then we've calculated about 20,000 people at least have, which is based on comments and things have gotten outta debt. Yeah. Saved for an emergency fund. I've actually changed their life just because of watching this show that has gotten to them that they're interested in. Yeah. And I think it's almost you, you, you, I can almost see this happening where we will get to like, to catch a predator videos of like you pulling up on somebody or not even you, just the way society is.


Right. Because you're kind of at this perfect section of like capitalism and like voyeurism. Right. Okay. Where I could see they're almost being like, it's to catch a predator of somebody like buying something that they can't afford. Yeah. And you pull up on them on the spot, you know, it's almost like you're catching them in a transaction. Yeah. And it's like, you know, you can't afford this man, what are you doing? You know, Chop up their credit card on the spot. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Like I, I just, I I feel like that that's where we're headed. You know, Some people could use it. Oh For sure. Yeah. Oh for sure. There's someone walking around a mall right now that should not be in there that is pretending, you know, to probably has empty bags in their hands of weights in them.


Yeah. Some very lightweights or old clothes and it's just pretending to this illusion of like living in some fantasy, you know? Well Honestly like cities like Austin and I, I've, you know, Nashville's kind of similar to Austin, So I wouldn't be surprised if Nashville as well. It's like the richer someone looks likely the poor they are. 'cause they're really compensating, you know, driving a slightly nicer car, nicer clothes. They're usually in mountains of debt where you just have a dude like Zuckerberg, well now he looks a little, you know, he is gone carrot head and everything or broccoli head. But you know, before he looked like he was like poverty, but he is a billionaire. So Yeah. Lot's of compensation. Yeah. He kind of has that autism billionaire vibe, you know. Yeah. Which I think a is like kind of the new, a lot of billionaires are autistic now, you know, it's like the new thing, you know, so who knows what they're gonna do.


Some of them he looks like he doesn't even eat or anything because you haven't, could you imagine him eating a meal? I couldn't. He has to. He is gaining man. He's getting those gains. I, I know, I'm not saying he's not healthy or something. I just think it's very, he, he gives off a computer energy to me sometimes I look up that surfing photo, the, I mean, dude has, oh That's, that's good point. Actually Dude has a dump truck, you know, you don't get that. Not Eden. Alright, let's look at that thing. Good for him. And he's in white face there, so obviously they were reprogramming him or something, you know, and they, they Had Hadda put his face in the shop for a week or something. No, certainly an amazing creator. But I just, I do think there's this very strong link between autism and, and technological advancement that I think we'll figure out in the future.


But That'd be nice. I, I think I have a bitm but yeah, probably not enough tism to get to level the Three comma Club. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a bummer. Yeah, It's okay. But still you get Grace Little, a little. Yeah. The Two Comma Club. Yeah, It's fine. I beat it. I barely beat it, dude. You know, and they said it was very close in our area. Can you take me through a couple of examples of Absolutely. Just so just so my listeners can know, like some of the stuff that's on your show, right? Yeah. I mean, do you want 'em to pull up some shorts even. Yeah, I mean, I know we have a couple. Oh, sure. We were just talking to these, this couple, they're both the, okay. I try not to get canceled, I guess.


Lesbian couple and they, oh No. We know what lesbians are. Yeah. Yeah. They, they just, they're obsessed with Disney. Lots of Disney adults are, and they're Gen Z and they are obsessed with birthday months. I hear birthday month so much with Gen Z and girl math and like, what Is your birthday month? That thing? Birthday month. So you have to celebrate. So for their birthday month, they spent $2,000 on Disney exclusive passes, and then went to Disney World, spent a lot of money on that. Then they're going to Disney World two times next month. And then one time in the summer for different birthdays, different birthday months. And they spent, what did I have? I had $21,000. No way. No way. In one month when they make $7,000 a month.


And what is it, it's not like on like, is it like lessons to talk, like characters? Like how far, like what are they getting into? I Don't know. They live in Arizona and they drive to LA to just have their little special birthday month. This is their birthday. Right. I can go into debt and fuck my life. It's my birthday. Oh, I see. So something as simple as your birthday, they can go 20 grand in a day. Yeah. Right. The whole month. Let's see this right here. And this is some of it, Two Disney's in these last couple months. Two Disney's next month. You guys are literally poor. We only went for one day in November. You still traveled there, bought a gion dollars of food. Took our nephew from his birthday. His Birthday took, and then they went for My birthday. Oh. If I hear one more thing out about lesbians and their nephew, you know, His birthday.


I don't give a shit. My birthdays. What is this obsession with Birthday? How are you guys getting there from Mesa? Getting One getting, It's in LA so it costs money to get there. Yeah, we, We drive. We drive there. So you're getting places to live. Does it cover the place to live when you're there? Nope. So you're spending money to spend more money? Yes. Do you get the free food while you're in there and free drinks? No, we pay for that too separately. Wow. I'm talking about like 10% off Merch. Got it. This is That fucking Crazy. So yeah, it's like you would think, especially you can find deals nowadays where they probably could have got some free food vouchers or something like that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Or just stayed off campus and you know, went I, I'm okay if they go like once, once a year. They're go, they have like five planned trips already.


Yeah. For Disney. And what does that give them? I think strippers and lesbians love Disneyland. Right. I noticed that lesbians also love this. It's our nephew's birthday. Right. Because for a lot of lesbians, it's probably as close as they'll get to having a child. Right. Just 'cause of science, math or whatever. Okay. And, and nowadays that's changing some, but for a long time a lot of lesbians are like, we gotta get our ne you know, our nephew, you know, it was like, that's like the biggest craziest thing, you know? So I, there's a lot of nephew obsession in the lesbian community as well, you know? Yeah. But that's a lot of money on Disney. Yeah, It is. And not much return. You get a, a return, but you're an adult also.


Yeah. But unlike most lesbians, I think they're gonna last forever though, because they're on the same page and usually couples that aren't on the same page about money, that's where they divorce. But them, they're on the same page about wanting to ruin their lives for Disney. So it's okay. They'll they'll be fine. Yeah. They need to, to have a Disney Now I wish Disney Had Hadda hostel or kind of like a section eight area. Yeah, They should. Because that would be very magical if you ended up like in the trenches. Yeah. Instead of the monorail, you get a little spray painted one, just it's a little sketchy. Someone tweaking out in there. Yeah. Yeah. But it has, somebody's put like, like Elsa likes to on the side or something, you know? Yeah. Or just spray painted some wild shit on it that think that could be kind of interesting.


Okay. So you're talking to people that are wasting too much money. Right. Usually lots of debt. Okay. Lot of debt. What are some other ones that you're seeing? We lots, we had this dude, we frustrated Incel buys women instead of dating was the title. Ooh. He went into 8,000 hours of credit card debt just so he could go to strip clubs. He sacrificed eating, so he had more money to go to strip clubs. Wow. 2000 hours a week on strip clubs. And his quote was, I'm a sigma male, I can just go to the strip club and get some booty that way. Hmm. I guess it's easier for him. He was a little disappointed though, that he couldn't liquor or bite them though. That was his one complaint.


Okay. So he's not He did, he didn't get the fluid pass or whatever. I don't what There's a, that was another one of our guests that got the fluid pass. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Well strippers is that age old kind of bait and switch. It's the illusion, you know, that's why they always catch men like masturbating in their cars outside of strip clubs. Oh sure. Because they're, you know, they've built up this whole illusion that's a lot of money to spend on stripping. Now I do. I respect the fact that he was going without eating though. Yeah. He's a lot of It up. People were just like, yeah, I'm gonna snack and whatever and still waste this money. Yeah. He picked it up in the military. I guess that's what they were all doing overseas. Visiting strippers and stuff. I guess that's how they made it through Dieting and visiting strippers.


Yeah, I could see that. There was another one. You had, what was the one? Bring up? One of the ones that we had pulled up. The guy in the red suit was an interesting guy. Oh Yeah. I took the loan out to fund my emergency fund. Where's this emergency fund today? Okay. I saw about a thousand Dollars to stop it real quick by the way. So this guy took a, a loan out to fund is emergency fund. Yeah. Like 20% interest too by the wage drop from 2,500. I spent some of it On what? Emergency Learning how to do hair extensions. Okay. That's an emergency. I wouldn't say it's the emergency. I What do you think An emergency fund is for The money out of the emergency fund to buy a class for extensions.


The interest rate on this is 28.64%. Yes. Wow. Okay. So originally it wasn't for the emergency fund. I just thought that that would be a good idea. Okay, so let's stop it there. So this is the kind of stuff that you're running into? Absolutely. All the time. And This is a young man, he took money out at 28.64% interest to learn hair extension lessons. Yeah. And that was considered an emergency. Well first the fund is emergency fund, so he takes out 28%, even though like the best thing you get in a high yield savings is 4% right now. Something like that. So you're losing a net 23%. But even still then he just drains it from the emergency fund to learn hair extensions, which invest in yourself, invest in your skills.


We like that. Right. At 30%, I don't know, no one would say go get a degree for 30% interest. So learning hair extensions of that doesn't make sense. But he wants to move to Thailand to escape it though. Hmm. So I think that that's his out to Escape the debt. You mean? To escape capitalism. Oh, I see. Is what he specifically said. Yeah. Do you see a lot of that? I'm gonna fly away to another country. That seems like a very fairytale type of energy. Honestly, no. Surprisingly, a lot of people, when they just get overwhelmed by their finances, they really just put their head in the sand and they just forget about it until it all comes and bites them in the ass. And that's usually when they come on in our show, they realize they've had too much and they watch one of our episodes and they're like, oh shit, I gotta apply.


And that, that's when we usually see them is when they've realized it's too much. And they're in the most dire situation, but they haven't fully awakened to why. So they're still defensive on things. I'm sure they're nervous on camera. They're just normal people off the street. But that's why they're still defensive. Yeah. And they're trying to understand like what is going on and there's lots of cope talk lots of cope talk across the table from me. And what does cope talk mean when you use that term? Yeah, just like I I, I was allowed to do it. It was my birthday month. It's okay. Excuses. Yeah. No, it was okay to go to school for 12 years and take out private student loans to pay for an expensive apartment. I was just trying to survive. So a lot of people trying to, it seems like deflect the reality of the world.


Yeah. Like how can, what can I do take, what class can I take? What school can I stand longer? What can I do to not have to face the fact every day that I have to be the one to survive myself. Absolutely. And I was there too. It just takes that moment, it takes that moment for everything I haven. Totally. I haven't hit it for going to the gym or dieting, but it takes that moment for plunging into the deep end. Yeah. There's usually something for me, it might be a heart attack, but for my finances it was, you know, shit, I can't pay this month's rent. I'm continuing the cycle of foreclosure notices. So they usually find their moment, but they just don't know why things are bad. But that's when they come on, we meet 'em at the bottom.


Usually some need a little further to go and that sucks to see. Yeah. That's sucks to see. But people that have come on our show though, the median guest pays off $10,000 in 10 months. Really? So it does work. Like it works really well. They just need that wake up call a little of that adult moment where the, it's the first time someone's given them like the real shit without, without just trying to skate around. Yeah. Because then also after you have a piece of reality that's really like a moment. Like these are, these are real moments with people who have made some mistakes or because we've all been there. I mean, I remember I Had Hadda cell phone and I was like, I'm not paying Verizon. They don't know me. That was my thought.


These fuckers don't know me. Right. And I was on a bicycle at the time, you know, I was on my bike, on the cell phone, you know, just eating up minutes or whatever, just running up a tab. And I was like, these motherfuckers don't know who I am. You know what I'm saying? I like to see him come get this fucking money. Right. And my friend's house, who I was living at, his dad was like, get fucked. Pay the shit. Yeah. You know? And then I, I think that's when it started hitting me. Like, oh shit, it hit my credit right next. I didn't even know I had credit. I didn't even know I had credit until they called like, Hey, your credit's bad. I'm like, what is it? Yeah. And like your credit. And I was like, yeah, Dude. Put him on. And they're like, no, your credit's bad.


And they're like, you owe $1,100 to Verizon. I thought you could just run away from it and you can't. But that was like kind of a bottom for me. I was like, oh shit is really real. Right. So I think moments like this are really real to people. And then you have a gentleman here who seems to be kind of fluid, sexually fluid. I'll say maybe I have no idea. He's dressing up. Like he kind of has a look of, he's like the arch nemesis of like the monopoly guy or whatever. Right. Oh, okay. Or kind of like a Christmas sort of like a wit Oh yes. Like kind of like a Carmen San Diego. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Like, hey Carl, like, like kind of like Carl San Diego. Right? Yeah. So I feel like he has this like, and it's a good energy. I like he, so obviously he's, he's brave to do, to have his own vibe.


Right? You can tell that. Right? He's confident. Confident. He's A business owner of this guy. He is. Wow. Wanna be business owner. Wanna be business owner. But then he also has this emergency fund. And I think a lot of people sometimes when they, they'll create an emergency fund, a lot of fluid people will be very like, you know, like, oh you're, this jacket doesn't fit. It's an emergency. You know, the emergencies can be very, it's like, is that a real emergency type of thing? You Know, they see it as a pile of money. Yeah. And that pile of money needs to be spent. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Honestly though, that's still a better mindset than where a lot of people come to. A lot of people will come on the show and they really haven't heard of emergency funds and they say their credit card is their emergency fund.


Oh. And that's, I mean, well he, again, he took a, a high interest loan for it. So I guess that's pretty similar. But at least he understood he needed an emergency fund. Some people think if anything happens, you put it on a credit card. Now a lot of people don't have an option, so they do do that. But then, you know, we try to help them pay off the credit card as quick as possible. Yeah. What do you see a lot of, is there a lot of flexing still? Like I know that's a thing where people are like, I'm gonna appear this way. Right. Absolutely. Is that a big thing you're seeing still with like millennials and Gen Z is like the appearance of things? Oh yeah. Or or are some people more go into like the emo hole of like, I don't have anything. I have nothing. I live in a Chipotle deep inside of a Chipotle type of vibe.


No. There, there's still lots of flexing and lots of cope spending too. The flexing. I mean we people, we have people come on with, you know, that outfit I think was a couple thousand Bucks. No way. Really? Yeah. It was very stressful. I didn't think it was. But even he had red sunglasses too. They were like a few hundred bucks. It was crazy. Hats like that. Those hats are kind of costly. I Know. Yeah. I mean, we've Had Hadda dude come on with, you know, crazy rings on every single finger. But he had nothing to his name, I remember. Right. He had kids and they were basically growing up in poverty, but at least he has the rings. So there's, there's always lots of flexing people care about what the person next to them at the stoplight thinks about their car. Yeah. You know, even though that person will never remember them 30 seconds from then. Yeah.


I've had lots of people that I talked to where I tried to get them out of a $40,000 car loan when they make $30,000 that they can't afford. And I'm like, let's just try to get you into a 10,000 car. And then they scoff a, a $10,000 car. Like I'm gonna be seen in a $10,000 car. That mindset's kind of gross, honestly. Right, Because you're, it's not even a real, it's 'cause you're not living in your own reality. Then it's like, yeah. I think that was a blessing about having a shitty car when I was a kid. I could, I I've earned the money. I bought the car. It was a piece of shit. Someone stole the passenger seat, but I drove it. You know, people would get in and just Had Hadda get in immediately into the backseat. Yeah. You know, but it was like I drove, but it was Well You learned the value of it.


Oh yeah. And that's the important part. So many people that can just lean on others and especially those get, enable, we see so much enablement where they get into a hard time, but then their parents bail them out. And there's nothing wrong with the heart of wanting to help someone out, but they never learn their lesson. Mm. And then they never understand the value of a thousand dollars even. Or just a dollar. Just a dollar. But like, there's so many instances where I'm talking about $300 that they're spending on something and that means nothing. Nothing to them. Like $300 isn't a lot of money when it could be make or break for these people just making a necessary payment, avoiding a repo. But then $300 is nothing to them. They just don't understand the value of a dollar because they never Had Hadda.


Right. Because you had that car and you Had Hadda put money into fixing that car probably multiple times. Oh yeah. Or being terrified of it just bottoming out the street. You understood the value of it. So you, you're not just like being disrespectful with your car purchases going forward. You understand it? Yeah.


Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home and unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home Yes. Cool. Or attending one live. No, you can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises vehicle coaxial cable. Cox Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by Okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary not in endorsement of the restrictions apply.


Are you ready to optimize your nutrition this year? Well Factor has chef made. Yes. Chef Gourmet meals that make eating well easy. They're dietician approved and ready to heat and eat in two minutes. That's quick. So you can fuel right and feel great no matter what life throws at you. Factor arrives fresh and fully prepared. Perfect for any active busy lifestyle. I've had Factor meals and I enjoy them. I enjoy the accessibility. I'm hungry. I don't know what I want to eat. I don't really know if I have time to make myself something nice. But boom Factor has already done it for you. That's what I like. Eat smart with factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash T five zero OF and use code Theo 50 off to get 50% off your first box plus free shipping. That's code Theo 50 off@factormeals.com slash Theo 50 off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box.


This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. BetterHelp. It's therapy. That's what it is. I'll tell you point blank. You know, sometimes you, you wanna get therapy, something's going on and I've had friends that have needed help and not gotten it and it's scary. Life can be that way. I'm not trying to scare you, I'm just trying to just make sure you're aware. You know, sometimes we can be dealing with stuff and we, we don't even notice it. You know, So I just want you to make sure you're taking care of yourself. And if you're afraid to try therapy one on one in person, then BetterHelp they can help. That's right. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. You can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can switch easily from one therapist to another. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HE p.com/t HEO. And if you've been struggling, man, we've all been there or woman, we've all been there and this too shall pass.


Are there a lot of get rich now type of energy out there? Mm Oh yes. Is there, and that kind of goes back to TikTok and YouTube. Yeah. Take Me to some of that. What do you think? What is some of that? What is, that's crazy. Yeah. What is some of that Get rich now. Yeah. Some of that. So many Get rich pyramid now. Energy pyramid schemes. What is that Pyramid schemes people are falling into. I had someone going into a ball python pyramid scheme that I just talked to. No way. Yeah. So he buys 10 baby ball pythons from his friend. But how do you make money off of these ball pythons that are supposed to breed? Okay, So hold on. You get 10 baby ball pythons and then you pay somebody, you get the 10 baby ball pythons. Yep.


Okay. And now what do I do with these baby ball pythons? How, how do I get pyramided in? Well how do you make money? What would you, what would you do to make money off of baby Fall buy house? I think you'd have to mate 'em and then sell 10 to somebody else. Yeah. Now who's buying them? People, you know, No people that wanna buy them so that they can breed them to sell them to people who breed them. Okay. Because people aren't buying them for pets. You go to a PetSmart for that. No one's buying from these guys. Right. You buy the baby Paul Pythons hoping they make kids so that you can sell 'em to others who wanna make kids and sell to others. And he got sucked into that tens of thousands of dollars. And his 90 day fiance wife from somewhere in Central America is like freaking out about this.


She moved here, sacrificed everything. And this dude's blowing all his money on this. And also like a million other side hustles. He's trying to do the power washing. He is trying to do the car detailing anything that is a TikTok gr get rich quick type of thing. Or even just the side hustle thing that some people do make work. He is just falling into it. And the python says, this is most recent example, but the pythons he bought have gone down 50% in value. 'cause apparently you can day trade, you can day trade the ball. Pythons on like a little market app. There's a market app for day trading ball bought that. Yeah. So, so not only has somebody created a pyramid scheme of ball python, right? Yeah. So you're ball python and you're, you're, you know, you're, you're selling a few grams of ball python here, you know, an eight, an eight ball python here.


And then you, but then the whole time somebody's also whoever engineered this fucking thing, also creating an app where there's like almost a ball python coin market. Yeah. So that's going up and down as well. Yeah. So you're basically driving around town with a backseat full of ball pythons waiting for the market to go up enough. Yeah. So you can pull over and drive and put a couple ball pythons on somebody's tab. Yeah. Wow. That's my ex's strategy. Bring That up. What the fuck? What in the fuck is happening, man? That's talked to his next pump and dump. I know. Huh? Where's she been at?


She went to bed. Somebody said she went to Barbados or something and she moved outta the country. Okay. But so, so that's a new thing that's going on Apparently. What's another one that's going on? Any Other pyramid scheme Schemes? Pyramid schemes. Lots of people getting into the knives. Pyramid schemes. They're buying, you know, I, I don't even know what they're called. I've never joined them, but they buy knives to sell to other people. So lots of those, lots of people getting into the day. Trading life, crypto life. We had some old guy with no retirement. Poor dude. Oh, I felt so bad. He actually, he like blew through a million bucks, somehow filmed it a couple years ago and super nice dude.


But he fell into this pyramid scheme of he like buy these nutrients that people can take and that, but you hope they come to a storefront to step in a body scanner that tells them how healthy they are, then they buy your nutrients. But I asked if we could come by and tour his business like a couple months after that. He kind of fell off the face of the earth. I feel like it, his shop doesn't exist anywhere on Google Maps. So I think that pyramid scheme collapsed. Ah, well the reality is though. Yeah. The reality is in retirement, again, we already talked about 15 to 25, 20% are actually able to, or actually 15 to 20% of people take early withdrawals before even 60.


And that the median 401k bounces 30,000. But it's low and slow. That's all it is. You know, you're cooking a nice piece of meat. It's low and slow. That's what your retirement fund needs to be. You're just hoping it doubles like every seven years or so in the market. You just gotta be investing like 20% a year. 20% a year. If you starting 20% a year is a lot. It's a lot. But if you accurately budget it can be relatively decent. The We have $5 a week is a, is a great amount. Yeah. Starting anywhere is great. Starting anywhere. I mean that's why we focus on getting outta debt first so that you have more to invest. Right. You know, out of the high interest debt. But what a lot of people suggest is 50, 30, 20 50% on needs, 30% on wants. 'cause you wanna be able to live. What's the point of being here if we're not having fun? And then 20% to investing.


So it's still the smallest percentage. Okay. But say if you have debt, right? Yeah. And you could save $5 every week. What's the debt You could save? Say you have, say you're $10,000 in debt. Okay. And you're 25 years old. Okay. And you could save $20 a week. Right. Would you rather you put that $20 a week towards paying off the debt? Or is it better to take that 20 and put it towards just like a long-term investment? Well, a Couple qualifications. Okay. Like what would you say the interest rate of the debt is and what is the Debt? That's a good point. I would say the interest rate of the debt is probably gonna be about 14% or something. Oh Yeah, absolutely. Debt immediately. 'cause one, it's probably not even an asset. Like at least a car's an asset, even if it's a depreciating one. But let's just say it's a credit card or a private student loan, you know, that's not going to benefit anything at that point.


Got it. So pay that off. And then the other question is, there's also the third category. Do you have an emergency fund? If you don't have an emergency fund, then at that point we're still funding the emergency fund over investing because you need to protect yourself in case of the rainy day. And the rainy day always comes Because there's this mentality, I think sometimes that's like, oh, I'm not gonna pay up that credit card. I'm gonna invest, I'm gonna save this money in invest. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm gonna invest in instead. But you're really just reverse engineering a nightmare. Kind of Best thing you're gonna get if you're just buying into the overall US stock market is an 8% return. Averaged out. 'cause that's what it's been all up years down here since the beginning has been 8%. So if you have 15% debt, you know, you're, you're just not making the difference. Right. Is, is college still considered a normal path for a lot of Gen Z?


Yeah, it can be. College people just do college in a really stupid way though. People go to the dream school that has the sports team they want for the major. That doesn't make money. So it's not that college is the bad thing. It's, you can do it the right way. Get your gen eds outta the way at a community college. Something, you know, a CC here is super cheap. You can go over a couple hundred bucks a semester and get some credits. A Lot of diversity too at those colleges. You wanna meet some, you know what I'm saying, an Asian girl or guy or something. Yeah. Do It. And larger class sizes as well. So there's a benefit instead of a big hall that you get in university. So you get more one-on-one time with professors at community college, it's actually usually just kind of better education.


Just also statistically the people that are going to community college are also more likely to drop out. So that's why some of the metrics are a little bit Skewed. I see. If you're gonna drop out, then you're dropping out there at a cheaper Sure. At a cheaper rate. But then you don't have to go outta state, you don't have to go to the private college, you don't have to go to the college that has your favorite sports team that's gonna go in the, you know, gonna win a national championship in football. You don't need that. Right. And then also when you're going to college, is it gonna have a return on the investment for the degree you're actually trying to get to? And if you don't know what you want to do, there's nothing wrong with taking a year off between high school and college to figure some things out. Maybe do a trade look at or look at a trade. So if you're interested in that, take a career quiz A trade, you mean? Yeah, Just look and see if that's something you're interested in. And then you can go to trade school in a smart and dumb way as well.


There's expensive ones out there and there's just average ones. And I don't want you to focus all your money and time on something you don't even want to do just because it, like a plumber, they make great money these days, you know, the median's, whatever it is. But it's like pretty good if you don't have any interest in getting on your hands and knees and doing that shit, you know, maybe we're not doing that. Right. Yeah. You wanna have a, you wanna have some interest in what you're doing For sure. And you wanna find something. I mean, that's one nice thing sometimes about going to a community college or going to a college is taking on some different courses and seeing like, well what, what might I be interested in? You know? You know, I know I like something about this, but I don't know what it is yet. Let me get at least into that realm of classes. Absolutely. I mean, you have to remember people that go to college, 40%, 40% dropout.


So this is not a guaranteed thing. People think just because they're gonna go to college. Okay. My life is set now 40% who take out student loans. Dropout of college. Wow. Really? I was one of them. I dropped out $40,000 of federal student loans and 12,000 private took. Wow. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It took me, I think 11 years or something. Or 10 and a half, or 10 and six. Fifth, five, six year almost. Yeah. Like 11 years I think to do college. Yeah. It happens. And it costs money. Dude, I took a couple classes like, you already took this class and all this. I remember being like, yeah, I know I'm good at it. I'm gonna fucking take it again. Really? Yeah. Okay. Doubling up the degree. Yeah. And just like, and I remember one time this teacher gave me a BI went and took her class again to fucking prove to her I could get an A in that.


Did you Prove to her? Mm, I think she got laid off. She was dealing with like addiction, pill addiction. Okay. But I, I did a good, you know, I did my best, that's for sure. What are, what are some things? Say somebody's, they don't know what they're doing right now, right? They don't know What are some, let's go over some like blue collar and then non blue collar jobs that people could do. You could start at home. I've always said pressure washing. I grew up in a neighborhood where, yeah, if you wanted to get a leg up, you could get a pressure washer a couple hundred dollars. Sure. You know, you can get a nice one for like five, 600 bucks. Now you have to get that money first. But yes, it's realistic.


And then you can start pressure. You can go to a wealthy person's area and be like, yeah, hey, I'll pressure us and you can do a good job. What are some other jobs like that, that you recommend to people to get started if they don't really have anything? Yeah. I mean there's nothing wrong with dropping some mc fries, you know, just to try to pay the bills. People look down on that. There's nothing wrong with these, these extra, you know, for the fast food jobs. Even just while you're trying to pay your way through school. I mean, summer Moon Coffee shop, I like, you know, they're, they're moon milk creamer. I basically lactate that shit. Summer Moon it's called. Yeah. I just went to a place called Two Hands. Okay. Also good I think. Yeah. They have nice people that work there.


Yeah. But they were hiring just a barista. The dude, the manager was talking to me, he was like, dude, get someone on your show to come work for me. I need to hire people 18 bucks an hour, you know, eight, that's not bad. Austin's pretty expensive, but 18 bucks an hour is not bad. And that's a great place to just start. Get your foot in the door. There's nothing wrong with the side hustles either. Kind of like the power washing. A lot of people view that as like a side hustle. Hopefully turn it into a full hustle at some point. What I caution a lot of people though, is a lot of people go into that and they're like, okay, now I need the pressure washer, but I need the nice pressure washer. Oh yeah. Oh wait, I need the truck to be able to move it around. And that was the guy that we just, the ball python guy. He Had Hadda buy a truck so that he could move his pressure washer around. So that's, Yeah. I don't wanna show up with 10 snakes in a fucking Ford festive and a Dodge Neon.


Right. You know? Yeah. Like these snakes deserve a classy automobile. It's like, what the fuck are you talking about, dude? Yeah. People get more excited about the, the actual job, the journey, the entrepreneurship more than the actual grinder about Oh yeah. Yeah. That is a huge trap, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna look the part so much. But you still have to do the part. Yeah. There's nothing with, just get into a bank as well. Get into a bank work as a teller. Yeah. Sit down and just talk a talk. Talk different loans to people as well. I mean, there's lots of jobs that don't necessarily require a degree Oh yeah. That you can get into. I remember when I first moved to Los Angeles, we put up flyers everywhere. We would do refrigerator cleaning. Right. Nobody wants to clean the refrigerator.


Yeah. And for 200 bucks we'd come and clean your refrigerator and we just take every, just clean, I mean, clean it. Good. Yeah. And bro, I was shocked at how many people were like, I will in a heartbeat. Absolutely. Come clean this bitch. A lot of perverts too. Trying to fucking touch your back or whatever while you were cleaning. Oh sure. But you fucking chalk it up to the 200. Have a, have somebody on watch while you clean back and forth. Okay. Yeah. But Dog walking, that was another thing. Something you could do. Oh, it's great. Right. Car cleaning. I remember if you liked cleaning cars, you like cleaning your car. If you do something, well somebody will pay you to do that well for them. Right. That's one thing that I always think, we Used to have a on the street audit show that we did, just back in the day when I was testing things out and I met this dude who like, Take me through that on the street audit show.


That sounds really cool. I'd just walk up to people, you know, those kind of camera in the face things. But I would just ask them money questions about their finances and then just kind of get my thoughts on it. But we met this dude who, you know, Rover Rover, the app, like Rover Wave Or whatever for dogs. No. So it's the dog walking that you were mentioning. Yeah. So you can hire dog watchers, walkers or anything off of Rover and Oh Wow. Yeah. Beautiful animals on there. Is that a corgi? He's making 175,000 hours a year doing that. No, he is not walking dogs. Yeah. House sitting dogs. But because it's just house sitting, he can also work his full-time tech job from the house that he is sitting. So he is making like 300,000 hours a year. Yeah. Right. There's a lot you could do.


No degree required for that. Sit in someone's house, feed their dog, take 'em out. And the funny thing is, man, I'll say this. Once you start doing something, you don't know where it's gonna lead. I, I will be so shocked how many times it's like, okay, you're a barista. You become a good barista. Then somebody who runs a company of some sort, they show up, they see a good worker when they know, when they see one, they're like, what are you making here? You're making $18 an hour plus tips. I'll pay you $80,000 a year to come work right next door. You know, why don't you come in tomorrow when you just talk about it? See if it's something you would like, just 'cause they see your work ethic or I'll pay you. It's just, it's amazing sometimes when, when somebody who runs a business starts to see good work ethic, that they will latch onto it immediately.


Absolutely. But also the things you don't know, it's like you start with a small thing and then next thing you know, it's like, like my brother was a tree cutter. Right. He started just cutting down trees and after a couple months he was like, oh wait, I could be the foreman. I understand how this works. And I, I, I, I can do the foreman's job. Right. I need to learn more. But once I learn more, I'd be happy to hire some other tree guys and put up my own advertising. Like the barrier to entry to things. It's not as hard as you think a lot of times it's just you don't know it until you start. Yeah. One of the first full-time editors that I hired, dude was making the math worked out to almost like six bucks an hour working for a YouTuber.


But his editing was great and with the different incentives and everything I give just based on skill, he was making six bucks an hour to now a hundred, yeah. Thousand a year. Yeah. I Have a, so like, if you can prove it Right. And I have a friend who's been doing some personal assistant thing for another friend and I was like, bro, you should just start learning social media edits. Learn how to do 'em. So then whenever you're with this guy now you could, you know, just capture a couple things on your phone, put it through one of these kind of like fil different filters or different programs that they have online. You know, there's cap, there's all these different things. And next thing you know, you can show him three examples the next day and now the next time he hires you, you to go out with him for an e or whatever it is. You know, you can tack on an extra 30 bucks an hour 'cause you're gonna make a sick at it for him.


Yeah. Or something, you know, like, there's just, there's a lot of things that you can do. I think that's kind of an easy one you can learn is how to become a social media editor. Video editor. Yes. Now you're gonna have to have a computer that works to do it and you're gonna have to have at least your, your cell phone to be able to do, do that. But I think that that's realistic. Trying to think of what else. Oh, carpet cleaning is something that people don't want to do a lot of times. Yeah. So, I mean, that's my small business, or that's what the small business my dad owns is, is just, you know, a little power wash and window cleaning, carpet cleaning. Wow. And that's what took him from, you know, being a cashier to gas station when we were poor when I was born to now they're doing really well because you can grow that, you can scale that. They opened a second branch, they're doing well. Yeah. There's, there's a lot of opportunities there.


And then in like the video editing world's, just, if you're just asking yourself, what can I do to make that person's life easier? They'll give you money. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I'm trying to think of some other ones. Work from home that aren't as blue collar. I know there's data entry is one. Sure. I see a lot of advertising for data entry. Is that a valid one? It it could. I honestly, I have no idea. It could be, Yeah. Yeah. Look that up. Is data entry a valid gateway job or something? I mean, honestly, just any way to get into a building and a business and just getting to know management there and working with them and just asking what do they need and being able to fulfill those tasks.


You'll move up. Yeah. 50, according to current data and entry level data entry position typically pays around 15 to $20 hour in the US with an average annual salary range from 30,000 to 40,000. And are you gonna do that your whole life? No, but no. Sometimes just getting into the company is, you May need to do it for a couple months to get out of, to get out of a situation. You know? Yeah. Maybe you could do it while your kid's at school. You know what I'm saying? Like just different. I'm just trying to think of little ways. I know that these are obviously me saying these things and I have no idea what some of people's real lives are like. No, of course. But in the conversations, what I see are people looking down on shops like that. Right. They're not willing to, even though they're not paying their bill. Yeah. Right. It's like at that point everyone's just looking down upon them.


I mean, the car company is, that's about to repo them. The bank is looking down on them. They can work that job. They can work the McDonald's, like whatever it is. Yeah. Just to make ends meet. Have you ever had somebody come in with a business idea that was just repulsive? Mm. And you saw them going down a road and you're like That old guy I was telling you about. He did pump like about a million bucks into this whole thing. Really? His entire life savings, everything he is worked for into his sixties, seventies, wherever he was. And again, the machine, whatever this body scanning machine is, I don't, I, I'm not in that world, So I don't know. But I know it was like 50,000 or something crazy. And he was the storefront that he was investing in again, just a quarter later.


Bio frequency gadgets are a total scam. Let's, let's zoom in on this, see if this sounds like it. I would like to find this so we can put this out. This is interesting. I recently asked what I thought about the SOX AO scan. This website for the product includes this claim, AO scan technology, why SOX is an elegant yet simple way to use frequency technology based on Tesla, Einstein and other prominent scientists. Discoveries uses delicate bio frequencies and electric magnetic signals to communicate with the body. Was it something like that or No, it had nutrients involved, you said? Yeah. Well no, he used the results to try to sell people to get nutrients. Oh, I see. And that was the pyramid scheme he was a part of. Got it. So first there's gonna be a place where people are gonna get this scan done and then based on the the, the outcomes of the scan, you're gonna be able to sell 'em nutrients.


Yeah. To get them equal. Exactly. Get them whole. Wow. Man. It's just, it's crazy the level of people. We Had Hadda glitter mining thing by us growing up. People sold these glitter, like you could buy shares of glitter mines or whatever where they were mining glitter and they fucking robbed so many of us. Oh yeah. I was in a pyramid scheme too. I put, I lost something. What'd you Sell? Just it was like you, it was, you basically sold somebody right into a pyramid. Like I got into and it was the on the chart. It was a pyramid. Yeah. And it was like, well I remember asking somebody, I was like, is this a pyramid scheme? And they're like, I don't know. You Remember what you were selling? Just you sold literally this square that you had. It was like, oh, I'm gonna sell.


Somebody sold me a square. And then I was like, okay, now I get two squares. I get to sell two squares. It was afu, it was a, That is like a literal, okay. Yeah. And dude, crazy. The crazy part was, I remember asking my friend's dad about it and he had bought into it too. So everybody got took by us. We See people get into the makeup one a lot. The makeup pyramid Scheme. Yeah. This is where you, you buy makeup from someone else and you sell that to other people and you try to recruit people to sell makeup and Well, there's like Donna K. What's that, Donna? What's that? K Mary Kay. Mary Kay. We get lots of Mary Kay's. You do. Yes. Absolutely. I'll Tell you a story. I was at in West Virginia. I was doing a show there one weekend and they had the grand sellers of the Mary Kay group and they all had Cadillacs or whatever and they were doing a big thing there and they all pulled up.


I mean they must have had 40 different Cadillacs that they pulled up in there. They figured out the game. Multi-level marketing, right? Yeah. So it's kind of, yeah, I mean, Again, people don't wanna do the low and slow. They want to get rich now. Right. They're not willing to just invest and hopefully hit that 59 and a half. That's when you can withdraw from your retirement tax advantage. Retirement accounts without a penalty. Is that one of the things you see with the, a younger generation is just because of TikTok, there's so many more schemes out there. Yeah, Well it's people wanting the easy way out. Absolutely. 'cause they see other people that have a proven success rate to actually do it. So it's just a quick way to get to wealthy ness. And 60 seems so far to a 20-year-old So far. Yeah. What were some, I know there were some, I'm trying to think of some different inventions or schemes.


There was one called Dyna Dyna. DYNA. It was a bike wheel. This thing was crazy. Dyna bike wheel. This was it. Pull up this Dynas sphere. Dynas sphere. Vehicle zoom in the dynas sphere is a mono wheel vehicle. Designed, designed, patented in 1930 by John Archibald Purvis from Somerset uk. Pervez idea for the vehicle was inspired by a sketch made by Leonardo da Vinci. Look at this thing. Hmm. Two prototypes were initially built a smaller electric model and one with a gasoline motor.


Lemme see the driver's seat and the motor were part of one unit mounted with wheels upon the interior rails of the outer hoop. I mean, this thing looks crazy if you could, you can't see this on audio, but it's basically a guy driving a huge tire around the singular driving seat and motor unit when powered forward with, thus try to climb up the spherical rails, which would cause the lattice cage to roll forward. So basically you're in a fair, it's like something you'd be in at a carnival. Yeah. Steering of the prototype was crude requiring the driver to lean in the direction. Sought to travel, though Pervez envisioned future models equipped with gears that would shift the inner housing without leaning.


Thus tipping the dynas sphere in the direction of travel per a novelty model was later constructed by ves that could seat eight passengers. The Dynas sphere. Eight made specifically for beach use. I wanna see that. How do you fit eight people in that? It looks like a beach wheel. It's basically like a hamster wheel. If you guys could imagine a hamster wheel that's someone drove. Oh, there you go. There's that eight seater. Oh, that's kind of cool. You get to sit in a circle and it just cruises. That's romantic. Yeah. Okay. Go back. I just wanna see what happened to it. It was also impossible to steer or brake another aspect of the vehicle that received while the mirror, while the vehicle could move along just fine, it was also impossible to steer brake.


Another aspect of the vehicle that received criticism was the phenomenon of gling. Oh, Gerling. The tendency when accelerating or breaking the vehicle for the independent housing. Holding the driver within the modern wheel to spin within the moving structure. Imagine you slam on the brakes, right? The vehicle stops, but you just keep spinning in the middle. We need Elon to get on this. Bring it back. Yeah. That's something we need back. What else did that? I'm trying to think of a cra. Oh, the banana slicer. Can you see if you find that one? This was something that somebody invented. The problem was No, go to that one right there on the right husler. Go to the husler right there. It was a one size fits all your banana Had Hadda be one size.


Right? So if your banana was obtuse, or if it was like, I don't wanna say an African banana or whatever, but if it was a different type of banana or Filipino banana. I don't think this you had, you couldn't use this one. But that's crazy to think about, right? Yeah. That somebody invented that. That was kind of a crazy one. I'm trying to think of anything else. I remember hearing about, oh, there's always that baby cage. That was, people would put that baby outside of the window. Remember that? That baby cage out window. Yeah. They Hung it from a window. Yeah. There you go. Right there. Get that little baby at the cage, baby. The bizarre history of the baby cage. Pull up. Click on that. Get me a link to that Daddy.


It's A little out sweetie. Little alw Sweaty. Yeah, little outsides wit See? Huh? Yeah. Okay. Little play on words there. Dangling baby cages came into vogue after they were invented in 1922. But their origins really began with the 8 19 18 84 book. The Care of Feeding of Children by Emmett Holt. Emmett carefully describes how babies need to be aired out. Fresh air is required to renew and purify the blood. And this is just as necessary for health and growth as proper food. And what were those cages? How big was that baby cage daddy? Oh, that baby's enjoying it, huh? It's gotta be kind of nice.


Put your baby out there for an hour. Let him meet a bird or whatever. Yeah, have a falcon fucking befriend him. It was believed that exposing infants to cold temperatures, both outside and through cold water bathing, would grant them a certain immunity to catching minor illnesses. I could see some of that. Is this the first Cold plunge? Yeah. That's all this is. Yeah. Yeah. That's the first gold punch right there. That's a, that's Wim Hoff. I think that's a one of the earliest pictures of Wim Hof right there. That's Joe Rogan right there when he is a baby. Tell me a little bit about your own budgeting at Simpler Budget So I can make sure that people know about that. Young people who are confused or they don't want to end up in a bad financial realm. Yeah. Tell me about simpler budget.


The first part of just like fixing finance is the budget. 'cause you gotta know what's going in and out and a lot of people over complicate it. They get a spreadsheet that they can't manage, or they download an app like you need a budget, which is another really good one. But it's like so complicated. And the learning curve is huge and it has all these qualifications for so many things that you just don't need. People that are in bad finances literally just need one place where they can just connect their accounts, tells them where money's going, and you can figure out where to actually stop spending money or close a credit card. Or we even, we're tracking different accounts where you can see your investments as well, so you can see if you're on track and whatnot.


So just that simple stuff. And what a lot of people struggle with, even if they create a simple budget on a spreadsheet, they don't come back to it the next month. So they make the budget but then they don't actively budget. 'cause budgeting's not just making a budget, you gotta stick to it. You gotta follow it. So this helps you by setting alerts and whatever you need and continued education and the, you know, premium version. We have these classes with financial professionals that you can join live and ask them questions and they help mentor you. Now Are these classes more valuable than the original classes? So these are real classes, these are valuable classes? Yeah. Well these are financial professionals, you know, certified financial planners and whatnot. Okay. And people with budgeting experience. Again, the thing we talked about at the beginning that was just teaching how to day trade. So that's neat. So that's right.


So day trading in its own right is risky. This is teaching people how to save and budget and Plan budget, budget proven things that like the most every licensed financial professional would talk about. So keeping people on track, people just need those extra motivations. A lot of people watch our show that are on, that are on track to budget and payoff debt, but they keep coming back because it helps them stay motivated throughout the week. For sure. It's just like, it's almost like going to recovery meetings or AA meetings. Like you go to the meetings just to keep the word in your head, right? Yeah. You wanna stay motivated. Exactly. Yeah. I love the idea that you have this world that's entertaining, but then the back end of the entertainment is let's keep people budgeted and on track. It's like, it's exactly really what a lot of young generation needs.


'cause things have, everything has entertainment value now it's like, you know, you're at a funeral and there's people, you know, like they're selling albums and shit or whatever, like they're, you know, but you know, there's, everything has entertainment value now. So to have an entertainment value with financial, with adding financial structure to people's lives, I think that's really amazing. There's a lot of people out there that you don't know if you can trust. I've seen them in a, in over my lifetime. Oh yeah. Where you come with these guys. I'm gonna name some of these guys financier types in the world. And can you, will you be willing to just gimme your take If I know them? Yeah, if You know them Okay, grant, people pull 'em Up. Okay. Grant Cardone is one.


Yeah. Grant Cardone. One thing, one message that I kind of know about him is he, he's okay with going into a lot of debt and risking everything in order to get, you know, property or start a business. He is like, if you're not making six figures at 21, you're a failure. I think, you know, like, hopefully I'm not putting words into his mouth 'cause I don't follow a lot of his stuff, but I know it's a little too risky for my taste. Okay. It's little too risky. A little too flexing of wealth. Him with his private jet there. That's, you know, that's, I get the aspirational part. That's great. You know, maybe you'll get there someday, but let's just be realistic for the average American low and slow invest. Try to get to retirement. Yeah. I think if flexing of wealth is so bizarre to me.


'cause I would never want, So I would never, if I would at something somebody else had, I would feel bad if I don't have it. I feel like, or part of me would, okay. Part of me would feel inferior or something. Maybe not like up here, but somewhere in my head I'd be like, oh, I'm not good enough or something. Yeah. I don't understand sometimes why people do that sort of thing. But I also understand that's just my school of thought and that some people like this aspirational style. Like, you know, I'm saying let's see the flash. And that motivates some people. So I think there's a motivational tactic in it. Alex Hormoze, you know him. Oh yeah. I think he's really good in like the motivational part. You know, I don't know a lot about his own financial advice, but in terms of, you know, really being motivated for your entrepreneurial mindset, that's been really good.


And honestly, I, I've watched a couple of his videos when I was dealing with a couple, you know, issues while we were scaling our business and just like, what, what does this guy do? He built like a multimillion a hundred million dollar business. Wow. And you know, obviously that's, if someone's done it, maybe listen to them. Yeah. So I've listened to a couple things that have been beneficial from him. Ty Lopez, he's the famous guy that would read a book a day. That shit always was crazy to me. I think this is the guy that kind of put a bad taste in everyone's mouth about buying courses online, which kind of sucks. Oh yeah. Because I think you can, we've put a lot of time and value and resources in producing educational content that, you know, people could pay for that helps guide them a little more handheld.


And we've seen like one of the lowest refund rates, even though we offer free refunds, like no matter what. And we've seen like the lowest refund rate in the industry, but so many people, immediately they see the class and like, it's a scam. It's a scam. You have to pay for it. It's a scam. Right. And it kind of started with this dude selling a course on a million different things. We had the book in a day. Shit was always weird. Like, I don't even know if I wanna talk to a guy who just read where the Red Fern grows. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know who I, if I want to fucking talk to some guy who just read that in one day. But again, it was also, it was the Grant Cardone like wealth fucking thing. All this videos were like, you know, behind Lamborghini in a garage and that's not where the average person's gonna be. And that's okay.


It's okay to be Poor. It's fun. Well It's okay to be settled with just a good content retirement. Right. Not everyone needs to risk everything to go crazy and go into a lot of debt on a big risk. Not that that's what he advocates for, but Yeah. And having a job is just one of the most important things. Yeah. I remember my buddy's dad would always just say, do you have a job? It's the first thing he would ask me every time I saw him. Do you have a job? If I Had Hadda job, he'd talk to me. If I didn't have a job, he wouldn't talk. Interesting. It's just like, you need to have a job. You need to have something you are doing. And not because you need to be part of capitalist, but because you need to go and do something. Right. You have to have a job. It can be, you know, you're making something at home that you're aiming towards selling or doing, but you wanna have some motivation.


A job is just a form of motivation. It's just an active motivation. Well, There's some purpose. People find purpose in jobs for sure. Some, some people are purposeless after retirement. Oh, people do, you know, fire. Do you know fire? Do I know Fire fi Fire? The, the independence movement where you stack up as much money as possible, invest it all like crazy so you can retire at like 45. A lot of people did that and no one's really doing it anymore because everyone retired at 45 with a few million bucks. Really? And they're bored and they have no purpose and there's nothing 'cause they don't have a job. They have a family maybe, but they don't have the purpose. Oh, I know. I have some women friends that have like spent really got focused on and they now they want families and stuff. And so now that's a little bit tough for some of them.


Oh sure. I think fire affects women probably differently because they can have children maybe too, you know, if they focus so much. But even guys like, I mean I've focused on work mostly my biggest relationship is my work. Yeah. You know, it's like I don't have a relationship right now. I'm not lamenting about it. I would like to get married or something, but when I'm like, who's my spouse? It's my wor you know, I put a wedding ring on my job, you know, I like, yeah. I like working. Me too. The second I think about doing something, I think about working. Yeah. You know? What about Gary Vaynerchuk? He's kind of a wild one. Huh? Gary's always been like the guy. He is like, oh, you got silverware in your house. Sell it. Sell it right now. You know? Okay.


Sell you silverware, sell you house. How much is your health worth? 3000? Sell it, sell, Wait to get outta debt or what? Sell the silverware $65. And then he'll pull up a guy, he'll be standing in a park. Right. 'cause he has nowhere to live. Now he's eating soup with his hand. 'cause he has no more utensils. Right. And Gary will be like, how much money you got? Guy was like, I got $4,000 cash. He's like, you fucking did it buddy. And he'll hug him and then drive off in a limousine. Right. All right. But it's like, that's the thing, it's like you just don't want any loose cash sitting around. You know, what's the purpose? He's like, oh, your grandmother's a sleep seller fucking on nightgown while she's resting. She don't need it. You know, it's like anything, anything they have, lease it out. Your grandfather's taking a nap, lease out his eyeglasses while he is resting.


You know, it just all type of stuff like that. Man. Do You know the purpose though? I'm so curious. 'cause I I do not know this guy. It's A motivation I feel like. Right. Okay. And it's just my opinion also, but it's just, it's, it's always, there's always something they wanna motivate you to do. You know? Yeah. And Ner Chuck, his family owned a wine company growing up. No shade. But it's like, dude, if my family Had Hadda wine company growing up, you know, I remember my mom beat me one time with a bag of fucking frozen oranges. I remember that shit. Did he sell his winery? It's A little different than that, but I'm just saying. I'm not sure, but I'm just saying, you know what I'm saying, the merlo don't fall far from the great. Yeah. You know what I'm saying brother?


What else are we gonna talk about? Ty Dolla sign. He's not, is he an investor? No, he's just a, what does he do? He financial advisor. No, there isn't much information about Ty dollar son's investments. Okay. So I dunno how you ended up on our list then. What else? Anything else on our sheet you wanted to go over? Was there anything else that you wanted to talk about specifically Caleb? Oh man, I just want, I just want people to realize that they're in a better place than they think they are. You know, that's kinda one thing we didn't really talk about Okay. Is that I, you know, I don't wanna like, like, just like glo glog on America, But I agree. I agree. I don't wanna be negative only.


Yeah. Yeah. This is, there's a lot more opportunity that people aren't willing to accept. We're in a very doom and gloom right now where everyone, again, we talked about the victim thing earlier, and everyone's like, it's impossible to get ahead. It's a why do anything because everything's so hard right now. And obviously inflation was brutal, especially when it was near in that like 9%. But like we just had yesterday, yesterday before we filmed this 256,000 jobs added in the last month when they expected 155,000, like unemployment rate at 4.1%. Here we have a GDP 19 or $25 trillion. Where in the uk, Germany, Japan, we're looking at three to $5 trillion.


GDP per capita here is 70 to 80,000. Uk 47,000. You know, there's a lot of opportunity here and I don't want people to just really always beat themselves down. And I know Yeah. Like my shows it is on the negative side because the, their finances are really bad. But I want people to know they do have more opportunity out there if they're willing to take a little bit of risk. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that, I think there's this pressure probably, especially with the younger generation to put, you have to put your life on a social media. Right. And so then you would be, you would feel more shame about having certain jobs because you wouldn't wanna put that reality on the social media. Yeah. Where like when I was in high school or in college, you didn't, that wasn't a thing.


It was like, you didn't, I mean, social media was coming up, but it wasn't like that. It wasn't like you didn't have, you didn't have that immediate reaction with people like ripping you or or roasting you or, or, or, or making funny online. So I think that that's a different thing where it's like, oh man, not what will I think of this job, man? What will other people think if I post about this job or if I live in this world? And I think that that's where you can just be creative if you do wanna post about your job, be funny about it. Be like, you know what I'm saying? And, and also you have to just realize like, it's the shit that you don't want to be doing. That's when you sit there and your brain thinks of the shit you do want to be doing. Dude. Yeah.


When I was doing shit I did not want to do, dude, that's what my brain was. The getting inspired, bro. I mean, my brain was like, and that's when I got to see what my brain even was. My brain was like, we're gonna figure this out. My brain started to surprise me with ideas and thoughts. And So I think that yeah, you have to like, just know that sometimes you feel like, man, I'm in the dirt, but you are really in the soil kind of type of vibe, you know? Yeah. I like that mentality. There's, well, there's a lot of shame in certain jobs right now and that, and We put it on way. It's like, just put the fries in the bag. It's like Sure. But dude, I used to just put the pizza in the box forever. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, we Had Hadda and it was a blast, dude.


Yeah. I delivered Jimmy John's for like six years in college. Oh really? Yeah. It was great. I've taught, I've had Jimmy John on this podcast. Yeah. As a business entrepreneur. Big dude. Big dude. Yeah. Great dude, man. Very big dude. I saw him three weeks ago. Yeah. So it's just like, you just never know where you're gonna be. You know? Like, I mean, you just don't, you know, Jimmy John's my favorite sandwich. You almost got hit running across a fucking highway to get a couple months. What are you a number nine guy? I'm a number nine guy. Me. I go Turkey tom, extra Turkey light mayonnaise. Don't look me in the fucking eyes. I'll come in there and get it. Okay. I love it. Yeah. Nice. And I'll honk my horn for, I'm gonna come in, I'll even call 'em and tell 'em that. And they're like, this is getting a little weird. I'm, I'm like, just, I want everybody looking the other way. Leave the sandwich on the counter.


It is a very kind of like, it's the closest I get to like robbing a bank or whatever. What was the last thing I was gonna ask you? Oh. What do you think of an eight leg parlay as a realistic probability for somebody trying to get a leg up in the world? You're gonna have to explain that one to me. I'm talking about somebody who's got $10 left and they put it on, oh shit. And they put it on eight football games to all hit for a weekend. Okay. Because this is happening basically in every pie CAPA house in America. Yeah. Dude. Betting is getting kind of outta control right Now. It's getting crazy. I mean, you have people laying in their bed at night fucking, you know, you know, just hopped up on Zens, praying for Saquon Barkley.


It's getting bizarre. These betting companies wanna sponsor us. Like every day they, we have to, we have to tell 'em to fuck off so much. It's crazy. It's like any kind of drug, any kind of drinking, any kind of whatever, you know, betting can be fun. It can be good. Right. If it gets addicted, that's where it's bad. $10. If you have $10 to your name, that's all you have left. I mean, this is people probably shit on me for saying this, but it's probably not gonna make the biggest difference for just being real world about it. No, for sure. But behavior, there is the behavior conversation. Right. If you are gonna throw it towards the bet that is demonstrating maybe why you got there in the first place. Yeah. So that could be a good step to correct your behavior for the first time. Even if the $10 is gonna be make or break for whether or not your mortgage is gonna be paid. No. Yeah.


But it's a good behavior fix. What is a good investment? You just said you, you keep things pretty safe for the most part, huh? Yeah, I mean I'm, I'm mixture real estate in like just s and p 500. And when you say real estate, what do you mean? Like what type of stuff would you get into? Well, I got my personal residence, but then up in Michigan where I'm from in Kalamazoo, I have some rental properties there that were like essentially almost like burned down pieces of shit that like no one would live in. And I'm like, all right, I'll buy it, fix it up. And now it's, you know, students are able to live there and stuff. Got it. So there's, you know, it kind of makes, it matches with my morals a little bit instead of just buying up desperately needed housing, but also it's making money, which is good. Yeah. And over time it definitely, I mean, time goes fast too. People don't realize it, you know, time goes fast.


Yeah. People, people bag on Gen ZA lot, you know, I think there's always that thing where it's like we're bagging on the next generation. But I was looking at a statistic the other day where Gen Z is like the average job. They keep it for two, like two and a half years and it's only six months less than millennials kept their job. Sure. You know, so it's not like Gen Zs can't work or that they're not working. You know, sometimes that's a lot of the energy that's out there. Well, you know, the crazy thing, can you look up what Gen Z thinks they need to live? Have you seen this? This shit's crazy and I'm kind of Gen Z. I'm like in that middle. So I can, should talk both sides. Well that wasn't the ne that wasn't the report that came out.


But Google AI is telling us something. There we go see Yahoo right there. They think they need $500,000 a year to be successful. Okay, go to that. The minimum Generation Z thinks it needs half a million dollars a year to succeed. Wow. That part's crazy. Half a million dollars, they pay 4,000. Lemme see Armand Howard, Howard and her fiance together earn more than $200,000. A 28-year-old knows that's more money than the vast majority of Americans make. Yet the Los Angeles couples still live about half an hour's drive from their pricier neighborhoods where most of their friends live. They pay $4,000 a month in rent on top of her four $50 student payment, their 400 car payment and the $200 she sends home to her family in Indonesia.


So they're saying that they need the millennial, she's at the cusp of millennial generation and Gen Z. Yeah. Set aside 10% of her income for retirement and has a well healthy monthly budget of $500 for entertainment and dining out. Which she said comes with a side of guilt as bigger financial goals continually loom in this economy. She said a household income of 500,000 between two people would be very comfortable. Very comfortable. It would be very comfortable. Yeah. It would be very comfortable. And that's also there, man, that's Los Angeles. Yeah, that's fair. But like the median household income in the United States is like $60,000, you know? Right. 60, 75, something like that. Yeah. That's one thing that I like about living in a regular place a little bit more, is that you start to get a more reasonable idea of things. Yeah, Absolutely. You know, I mean the, one of the issues is we're all stuck watching these celebrities who are living these insane lives or pretending to also, you know, I find Los Angeles in its own, like, it has this like idea like movies and parties and all this shit.


But I always found it to be like, it shuts down early. Like at all the bars close early, everything. It's, it's all for look. Right. Everything. There was more like, let's make it look this way. Right. Interesting. One thing I think that tells me specifically though millennial, like I'm a millennial, you know, in between that era, I didn't have a job during the great recession. I didn't need to, I was a kid. What that tells me thinking they need $500,000 a year, is that there's about to be a big awakening when my generation and the people around me go through our actual first recession. And you realize that, okay, maybe living isn't about being able to get, you know, five cups of coffee a day that isn't the requirement for life.


I want you to do it. Yes. But for them, that is full comfort where, you know, throughout most of human civilization, we're just trying to survive. Yeah. And we are very comfortable right now. Yeah. It's a comfortable world, man. I mean, America's a comfortable place, you know? I know it's un it feels uncomfortable a lot of times. Certainly in comparison to other people's lives, but yeah, it's like most of us have food. You know, we have clothing, you know, we have a place to sleep. Yeah. And that na like internet in the world that is opulence. Well, like a demonstration of this, I was dating someone from Venezuela for a little bit. Oh wow. Okay. I know exotic. And she, one thing she was telling me about our culture, I was like asking what's different about this culture versus the different culture she lived in all over the world when she was escaping Venezuela.


And she says, you know, things are good in America because of how much we focus on the minor little social issue for everything. When you have the luxury to focus on Trans stuff, or Not just that. Like, okay, so Zuckerberg right, yesterday he announced that tampons are leaving men's bathroom or whatever. Like I, I don't care either way, whatever. But the fact that that is able to be such a major thing that we're freaking out about, when you have that in a culture, that's how you know everything else is pretty damn. Okay. 'cause we're allowed to focus our energy on that and not just making sure that half, half the country isn't Starving. Yeah. Or sometimes that the media is tricking us too by saying like, this is what we should be talking about, you know?


Yeah. Click. Yeah. But I agree the fact that people are able to, that, that people are bringing that kind of stuff up. I'm trying to think of anything else that I wanted to talk about. Any other, any other group that came on your show that was kind of fascinating to you? I would love to play one more clip from your show. What's another one that we have this that we could play? Yeah. I just encourage you guys to go if you like, you know, you get a financial take. It's very much, it just, it's a perfect microcosm that you're in. And it can be a macrocosm too. I'm not trying to lili it by saying that I'm not the best with words, but I think it's just a perfect s like, like nucleus that you're in of like entertainment and finances.


What's this one right here? Shakespeare, student Loan debt. Oh yeah. Play this one. Dude. Student loans. We built $75,000 of student loan debt. Say the degree one more Time. I study Shakespeare. Okay. Shakespeare. Lovely guy. What are you gonna do with that? Well, that's such a comp complicated question. Like, oh No, I was really hoping for a more You knew what you were gonna do. Yeah. With this much school and student loans. So this, this is where I just have to say you, we come from different worlds. You're not gonna understand this. What do you mean? You won't understand like the precarity and why it's really all right. What do you mean though? Like your reaction there was like, oh, I, That's, I studied, no, I studied music composition in college. I was in the College of Arts School of Music. Okay. But I asked the job and you didn't know what to say.


So I have a lot of experience working at and writing centers. Okay. So I could be What are, yeah. What are you gonna do with that? Yeah. You know what that is? That is another major thing that is happening a lot throughout. It's the continuous college because they're, they don't wanna leave college, so they go for the master's degree, the doctorate degree. And that's more and more, we're seeing so many more people doing the endless college get the other degree. Because once you leave college, it's a scary world. You're on your own. It's very scary. I wanna go back every day. I wanna go back every day. And this person gets a Shakespeare degree. Yeah. So yeah. Doctor and Shakespeare. Yeah. To be broke or not to be broke. Dude, that's the question I feel like would now, unless now unless you're gonna go to a renaissance fair and get winked at by the king or something, I feel like that's gonna be an uphill climb dude.


You know? Well, She wants to be a teacher. That's what they do. You go to school to teach other people To go to school. Like you stay in this world. Yeah. There is a, there is always a person who stays in school. Yeah. And PE sometimes it gets blamed on like, oh look at this dude, he can't get his diploma. Or this girl is an alcoholic and she, you know, goes to, you know, Rutgers or whatever. But every now and then there's the opposite of it, of somebody who just stays in 'cause they don't want to get out and face the war. Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Cool. Caleb Hammer, I appreciate it so much, man. Thank you so much for just being willing to come and chat with me. I'm excited to see what you guys do and yeah, I just think it's really, I think, think it's really neat to have just a kind of this corner of entertainment and finances and kind of just basic needs really, you know?


Yeah. We all need a basic needs voice, you know? We need that kind of like Jiminy Cricket that shows up on your shoulder. Yeah. A little Wake up call. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. And you're an alarm clock man. So thank you so much, Caleb. Hammer. Best of luck, brother. Thanks man. I appreciate it. Now I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of.