
You know, I just went through this on my phone and computer. I Had Hadda get it all figured out. I was paying for extra services that I didn't want.


You know, they had some different annual, some of 'em were annual, some of 'em were monthly. There were things I couldn't believe. I was still involved in Rocket Money. Help me figure that all out. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million and canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Wow. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/t. That's rocket money.com/theo rocket money.com/t HE.


I have some tour dates to let you know about East Lansing, Michigan, February 27th. We'll be performing there. Victoria BC in the Canada on March 16, college Station, Texas, Belton, Texas over there, Oxford, Mississippi, and the Hatt Belt. Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Nashville, Tennessee. My home currently and maybe forever, we'll see how God does the zoning in my life. Winnipeg in the Canada, in Calgary, in the Canada, right there. Get all your tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO Uur, thank you so much for your support.


And this is still the return of the Rat tour. I think we're gonna end this tour at some point this year, but that's the one it is for now. Thank you. Good day, sir. I said good day. It's been a week. It's been a week. What's been happening? Oh, this I, good day. First of all, let me say that to you. And this is the day that we have been given and yeah. And I'm happy to be here and alive with you today on Planet Earth at this time in existence. And here we are.


What is going on? I'll, oh, this, I fricking I'm in Los Angeles, right? And I forgot, got that. I have a Jeep Cherokee out here and it's probably maybe six, seven years old or something. And I forgot that I wasn't driving my car at home right at in Nashville. So the other day I thought my car got stolen. So I call the police or whate or, you know, yes, the au author authorities, they come, the guy we're stand, I'm like telling him, describing my car, which is a cyber truck.


And I know that's alarming and it makes a lot of people sad and that's okay. But I'm deri and it is, it's a, it's very, it's, it's, it's like driving like a molar filling for the Statue of Liberty. You just feel like you're driving this huge molar filling for some gigantic thing. But anyway, besides all that, I called the police. I'm telling the guy took a while, waited probably 40 minutes. I'm telling the officer explaining the vehicle and stuff, and I reach him my pants. I have car keys, right? I have car keys and the guy, and I said, well, these are the keys to it.


And I gave them to him and he presses the button. And the fucking Dude, I, the car, the car was like fucking five cars away. I thought that I had, I was driving my cyber truck, I just forgot. I thought I was driving my truck and I just, I forgot. 'cause I, I, I just hadn't been in Los Angeles in so long and I just forgot that I was driving this cha the, the Jeep. So the Jeep, like I'm a multi-car owner. But anyway, absolutely embarrassing and just ridiculous and just, you know, I was like, I was to describe the vehicle to him, you know, so fuck shit, turn that off and describe the vehicle.


And first of all, when you're describing a cyber truck, you're like, yeah, it looks like a, you fucking, it's a fucking, you know, It looks like a UFO that couldn't make it, you know, that's kind of what, you know, it just very, its like you, you know, it looks like a, like you're driving a sand wedge or something. So just that, that alone is, is bizarre. And then I was like, yeah, I don't know what happened. I ran inside here for a little bit and I came out and it was gone. So I'm telling that. And then I have the keys, and then I, I think I, that's where my glitch was. I was like, yeah. And I guess I, I still have the keys and I give 'em to him. He fucking presses the thing and their keys to the, my Jeep and bam, it's fucking right there.


So anyway, whatever. That's where I'm at. What else? Let's get into it, man. I just got back from The Inauguration in the USA and I was, let's play some, let's play, let's lead into it with a little instrumental. USA Inauguration.


Very beautiful. That's Cannon and D Major right there, if you're into that sort of thing. Yeah, I was just, I, I took a red eye flight and So I got in probably six 30 in the morning, Had Hadda get dressed in the car and took this suit that I have on, got dressed in the car, went to, got dropped off at a hotel, right? And you couldn't, you couldn't go within like five blocks of the hotel. You Had Hadda there, there, you couldn't drive up to it. So you got dropped off. So when it's walking and it's cold, you know, when you're like, you know, you're hurrying because we Had Hadda get there by a certain time, by 8:00 AM to make sure that I could be like legit or whatever.


So I get, so I'm changing in this thing. And I didn't know the man, the man, the driver of the car that picked me up. He was a, he was from a, like a United Nations area or whatever, you know what I'm saying? He, this guy was a, he, we probably got him in a trade or something. I don't know how he got him, but he didn't speak a lot of English and that's okay. And I didn't speak a lot of his language. So we just were, you know, we were different. We were verbally kind of different people. And so anyway, I'm like, cha and I've never, you know, I'd have to change in this car. And so it's just like, yeah, it's weird, first of all.


And I Had Hadda change down to complete nudity, you know, down to just, you know, just under the Lord's mat finish, you know what I'm talking about baby, that first layer. And so it was just a lot, you know. So anyway, that happened. And, and so anyway, we get, we get like, you could only get within five blocks of this hotel to where I Had Hadda go check in by 8:00 AM And it was called Hotel Wilfred. Hotel Wilfred wrote it down and it was fancy. I mean, you go in and there's like a, there's like a truck, like somebody has a trumpet or whatever.


They're not even playing it, but they're holding it or whatever. Like a guy standing by the door. And there's some guy whose job he stands outside. His only job is to just be cold. He just looks, he's like, you know, it's like a nice place. It's like, like a place you would see on home alone, where he goes, where Kevin goes and, but yeah, there's a guy out out front. His job is just to get cold for the rich people inside, so they don't have to do that, right? So he's just outside just being fucking freezing. That guy was out there, dude. And So I go inside and there's nice carpet and everything, and this wasn't where I was staying. This place was probably, I don't even know how much it was, but they wouldn't, like, it was a lot it, anyway, everything had carpet.


The walls had carpet, the ceiling had carpet, everything had kind of flooring or whatever, everything. And, but very fancy like pictures of ro like, like rich, somebody rich eating something, you know, like, oh, sirloin or whatever. So anyway, all that shit. So go in there and ask to use the restroom. They Had Hadda guy, like, the place was nice. They Had Hadda guy who was just looking at you, who looked like, do we let this dude use our toilets? Type of dude, you know, like kind of a, a, a shit bouncer or whatever they call it, you know, just a dude.


And he looked at me and I could tell he was like visually on the fence, right? But then I kind of gave him like a, you know, I can handle it type of thing, you know? And, and then I went in the bathroom, I'm in there changing or whatever. I'm in there getting my toothbrush, get toothbrush and put some lotion on my arms and legs, right? Because, yeah, because I didn't want to, you know, it was winter time and I get pretty chapped out. So anyway, I go and I meet our group in the lobby and I meet up, there's a guy named Alex Bru Schitz. And he was the guy who got us in into be able to go.


And he was a guy also who his, yeah, his last name I think Brustowitz, I don't know. It's a letters that don't even fucking know each other, right? It's like you could tell some of the letters, if you write it out, you're like, ah, these bitches, they never, even these letters don't know each other, you know? And if you look on the faces of some of the letters, if you had 'em lined up, you see some of the letters. Like, I don't, I don't know this guy, you know, pointing at the letter next to him or whatever. Yeah. Brook, Brook, Schitz Brook Brook, Brook Schitz, something like that. Anyway, I get there. This is the people that is in the group. Okay?


It is, it is Kyle from Nel Boys, right? John Shahidi from Shots and Happy dad. Jake Pauls. Logan Pauls, who else? Let me think. Jake Pauls, Logan Pauls, Pam, Paul's, Pam, Paul's, Pam, Logan Paul's. Lemme see Logan. Paul's mom is called Pam.


And then Connor McGregor and Evander Holyfield and Danica Patrick, right? The race car, you know, she was like, at first they had like Princess and Mario Kart. And then right after that they had Danica Patrick. So, you know, one of only two female racers ever. So anyway, that is our group. That's our group, right? And like, I don't even know, let see, I never, oh, I met E Evander one time. Okay. So I'd met e I'll tell you this story. I met E Evander. So I Evander is he one time I at an airport, I think it's Chicago.


And they Had Hadda McDaniels right there. And they had it all. You know what I'm talking about? They got it all baby. They got a, the McDouble, the Whopper, the nuggets, the McNuggets, everything. You know, they got it. All the McFlurry, you know, the ice cream machine's down. Turn it on Jack. That bitch ain't broken. Anyway, so one time I'm at the Chicago airport, I see Evander Holyfield sitting right there. He was at a table by himself. He'd had himself, he got himself a medium fry. Okay? And I, you know, I'm the kind of guy that who, I guess I'm the kind of guy who, if I'm walking by and I see a evander's, holy field eating a medium fry, I'm gonna stop and watch him.


You know? And you don't know you're, you're, you're, you're that type of guy until you're that type of guy. So I'm walking by, I see the fry, I see the holy field, bam, brother. You know what I'm saying? It's the fucking thriller. A vanilla McFlurry, you know what I'm saying? Like, I just Had Hadda watch this. So Evander is sitting there, he's putting fries into his mouth, and he'd been, over the years, he's accumulated a lot of punches to his face, right? And that's, no, that's historical facts. So some of the fries, he wasn't even opening his mouth, right? He was just pushing 'em through, just pushing 'em through the, you know, that pan ofout canal baby that, you know, through his face, through his mouth, just putting them in.


And there was a girl who had been working at the Cinnabon down about maybe 70 yards, okay? They Had Hadda, CINON about 70 yards dur down the terminal. And I saw her run up, I saw her run up and she stopped right in front of a evander's. And he's out. He's there, he's in the, you know, he's halfway through the fourth round of a fucking medium fry. And this girl runs right up, dude. And you could tell she was, she'd left the counter unattended. I'm not trying to rat anybody out, but this was a young sister. And she left the counter unattended Chicago airport probably nine years ago, right?


Probably 7:00 PM She runs down, she points right at Evan and she says, Ooh, I used to watch you wrestle. I used to watch you wrestle. So it just goes to show you can work your whole life doing something. And somebody just, they don't know. People don't know. They think you wrestle, you know, you could be one of the greatest heavyweights of all time. And somebody thinks you are cocoa beware, right? Somebody thinks you should have a bird on your shoulder. You know, it just, it is what it is.


No shade to any of those men. So anyway, that's the group dude. So now I'm getting on. So you Had Hadda, you Had Hadda go outside. I asked the people at the front desk of the Willard Hotel. Nice, bro, them bitches. Damn. They like it was old too. Like they had ghosts, I bet. And even the ghosts would have a fucking wallet on 'em. That's how rich people, they, you see a ghost in there. And he'd be, you know, he'd be like, Ooh, I'm rich motherfucker. He wasn't even scaring people. He like, that's from fucking poor ghost homie. He was at the, at the, at the strip club, dude, you know, but okay, so we get to the back of the bus, we sit down.


Oh, so as we're going to get outside to get onto the bus, that's like leaving the hotel. We go out, out of the, out of the area they had now they have like secret service and everything is very, show your Id like every 30 feet, you're showing your ID to somebody, letting somebody look at you, look at you, you know, some people touching your glands, the sides of your neck or whatever. Every, somebody, you know, somebody's asking you who your mother is, you know, that kind of shit. So that, yeah, there's just somebody like every 30 feet, you're clocking in with somebody every 30 feet. You're showing your credentials, showing that wristband, arm, neck brace, everything.


They had all kind of wrist brace, neck brace, back brace, everything. They had armband, neckand fucking, they had so many things. You Had Hadda show to get, keep going to keep moving on. So get on the bus, it's a full bus. There was a young lady and her husband right in front of me who were from Louisiana. That was really cool. She was a, she knew my friend Mandy that I used to date. And we was friends. It was her friend. I'm sitting next to Danica Patrick from the race car, you know what I'm saying? So you know how I am, bro. I'm trying to meet a wife, dude. She's got a man. No judgment. But yeah, it was great. I, So I sat by her and it, she was awesome, dude.


We're like, we're just climbing around having fun. Oh, I forgot to say this. So we're go, right before we start to get into the bus, that's when Connor McGregors rolls up, bro. Connor McGregor's dude. And this is the fuck, you know what I'm saying? And this guy comes up and his suit, it was like, they have perfectly fitted brother. Like he just fucking just, just fucking, oh, like, they just, like, the suit had just been stitched right around him. Just a second before he'd walked into our view. And he was just fresh. He was just fucking, like, he'd been just drinking Irish Spring soap water. You know, he just looked like he was just fresh out the tap, you know?


And he, he was energetic and he rolls right up, you know, oh, you're going la class la you know, just nice, great to meet you. You know, just positive. His energy was, and just a lot of energy. Like a lot of, and it was, honestly, it was a lot of good energy that he rolled up with just in right there to the Paul Boys. And he didn't know, I guess him and the Pauls that had con confliction online. And I didn't know it. I didn't know that. You don't, I'm not in, you don't see me in all the gossip columns and all of that. But they'd had confliction online grown men arguing on the internet. They'd been doing it. And no judgment man.


But yeah, he just comes in with his energy. He had his energy up like that. And he just had his energy like that. Like he just found all the pots of gold they'd ever hidden fire playboys. And that's how he rolled up, you know, like the fucking, it was almost like a Notre Dame. It's like if he was a guy on the, on the little helmet or whatever, you know, on the hat, he was the Notre Dame guy, but he was twice as bad as that fucking little mascot guy they'd had. He could just fucking, it's like he Had Hadda thousand Joe Joyces in each one of his hands.


And he just had the fucking legs strong as the Moores, you know? What are Moors? Lemme look it up. I think I'm just yelling stuff outta my head. Group of people with surname Moore, who originally from Ireland. Oh, well, Moores, Oh yeah. Thought it was So, I thought it was like a thing. Mowers. Mowers. The cliffs of mower. All, there you go. And he had legs, like the cliffs of mower. And he rolled up in his head. He had the, he just had the energy of a fucking, he had the energy, he had his w he just, it was full of electricity, man.


He really was. He had it, he just had, it was just a, it was a, it was a, he Had Hadda, veracious, you know, his aura was at about six, seven, 7,000, 8,000. And I'm not even sure what the exchange rate of that is in, in British pounds. I think they use them there. What money do they use in Ireland? Oh, euros. Yeah. Oh yeah. Its Euros are mines, buddy. We're gonna figure it out. But anyway, so, so that's how he rolled up a lot of electricity. But even just, dude, he, he, he knew my name, said something nice.


So I was like, you know, I was very just, you know, I was like, holy shit, dude. So then we we're, we get on the bus, right? So I'm sitting next to Danica Patrick, okay? We're sitting in front of e Evander Holyfield, dude, you know, and people used to watch him wrestle. And a legend we're on this bus. And then John Shahidi, Kyle from N and Kyle Ard, or Fur Fragger Fragger, I'm not sure. Is it Fragger? Ferard Kyle.


They call him Kyle, obviously. I can tell why. Because people, 'cause it's after that it's fucking, you're bothering people. But Kyle from Nel, right? Who looked, who looked like he was going to court to not get in trouble for a serious crime, like a business crime. Like he looked dashing, he really did. The man looked dashing. And oh, and then behind them, J oh, and then Alex Brustowitz, John Shahidi. And then in the back it was Jake Paul's, Logan Paul behind them, Pam Logan's mom and Corner McGregor, the fucking ra kid of Ireland.


And it was just, and it was awkward. You could see also on everybody's face. 'cause I guess there'd been issues between the Pauls and the McGregor's. They'd been having beef online or whatever. And so they'd been beefing. And so there was issues there, and I didn't know it, but, so it was just awkward, you know? So I think there was some energy there, but it was also, people was, they said fair play to each other. Both of those sides said fair play to each other, boys. And were gonna have a good day. And we're here for something bigger than, bigger than bigger than us. You know, for, to witness just a country that has freedom. And so the bus took off, took a while.


We probably sat there 40 minutes. A lot of laughter and fun stuff, you know, just crazy, dude. I mean, I can't even believe I'm sitting next to, hold on, I'm sitting by E Evander, holy field dude, right? And you could tell he can feel like these, these other boxers in the back, but we know who the fucking dog is, you know? And I looked at him like, I'm on your team, brother. You know what I'm saying? If shit gets fucking risky out here, you know, if things get crazy, you know, then, then you, you know what I'm saying? If he, and he's, you know, he's getting up in years, but if you gotta even use me as a white walker just to help you get outta here, mate.


Listen, whatever we gotta do, man. So, but yeah, but I, I, I just, I truly can't believe that I'm on this, you know? It's just, it's a, you know, do you find yourself in certain moments where you're like, this is pretty crazy that you're in a moment. Right? And it's just regular people for sure. But it's, you're like, this is like, who did we trick or whatever to get in here? You know? Like, how did we, I don't know. I don't know. And we didn't trick anybody, but there's a part, there's just like, yeah, you're like, how, what are we, you know, one of these things is not like the other.


It just seemed like, I don't know. And I'm not trying to say that like in a self pity or like pity me way. I just, or like, oh, I don't deserve to be there. I'm just like, it just was fucking kind of a surprising moment. We're all going to a presidential inauguration. I don't know these people. Do you know, I don't know. I mean, I know John Shahidi really well. He's actually a close friend of mine who runs Happy Dad. And I know, who else was it? I, well, I paid for one of Evander's fights before for sure, when they had early pay-per-view. I know. And, and I paid for one of the Paul's fights and I'd met Jake and Logan, but I don't know 'em, you know.


So anyway, there we all are, we're on a bus. We get over by the capitol and they say as soon as the thing ends, we have six minutes to get out of the venue and back onto the bus before they're gonna shut down certain roads. And that was one of the biggest things. All along the outside, when I've been walking towards the hotel and everything, it's probably 10, 10 to 30 degrees, or 40 degrees, or 34 or six, seven degrees, right? It's not a ton of degrees, but it's not a, it's not like no degrees, but it's like some degrees, you know what I'm saying? So, but there's military everywhere.


Every fucking you, even like, you like, there'd be military, there's like SWAT team, you know, police, sheriffs under co, like Marine, every, there was people in high, there was like, like I went to use a mailbox. I opened it up. It's a fucking military guy in disguise dressed up like a mail thing. Like, ah, fuck. You know, he still took two of the letters for me, so thank you. But yeah, everything, you just couldn't, you gotta be careful. There was military everywhere so you couldn't piss outside kind of vibes, you know?


Anyway, so we're driving, but all the roads, there's like barricades everywhere. There's like trucks that they've just brought in to park at all these intersections all around this capitol area. Like, like any corner you would pass on the way in. 'cause we'd circled the entire thing trying to find a way to get closer to this hotel. So I hadn't Had Hadda walk just 'cause it was so brisk out. So the thing, but there was, some of 'em had cement barricades. Some of them just had like a big trucks. Some of them had suv, war War, little war trucks or whatever. It's like a little tank. But with we, and they made 'em for regular people, but they were fucking sad.


It was like H Hummers. They had those real hummers they had, what else? They just, there was things stopping everywhere. And there was military personnel all over, or police personnel all over. So anyway, the bus ride takes a while. You gotta go through these certain streets. They have these big barricades set up and then you have to kind of like turn the corner and then straighten your bus out to make it through these huge like, kind of cage steel walls that they've put up. So the bus can just fit right down the middle of the walls. Like the full intersection is, the full street is closed and it's just been narrowed to this one, like the middle lane kind of it.


And so that took a while, like doing different turns. Anyway, we pull up outside of the capitol, probably pretty far off, I'm not sure, maybe 400 yards. We walk, we start walking a beautiful day. Beautiful. I mean like freezing cold, but just picturesque. The sun's hitting you. You can see the capitol, the American flag. And it was exciting. All the officers, it seemed, they're all wearing like this, the hot, the hot, the cold, like head gear. You can just see their eyes or whatever and just their gun or whatever. And that's, and yeah, they look like all like kind of dark snowmen, like, kind of like black snowmen, like a little bit.


'cause there was just a lot of 'em was wearing swat gear, tactical. They had everything. They Had Hadda fucking gun handcuff Billy club ray bands or whatever, you know, just pepper spray, salt spray. Just, you fucking, you know, you didn't even know what was going just, you know, one of 'em would fucking just throw a grenade full of lemon pepper, you know, if it got shit got really bad. So anyway, that's, you have all the, all these officers and everything. You go inside, let me think. Right when, so at the bottom, oh, there's all these bikes. They had parked all these bicycles and stuff kind of to make it like you Had Hadda go past them.


And it was a little bit of like a gauntlet kind of, it was just odd, the different things that they put in place to kind of make it odd to get into places. So you get inside and then we walked along a hallway, and then you start to see military, like Marines, army colonels, generals, Sergeant Staff, Sergeant, Sergeant Pepper, I think Ed, everybody in that bitch, right? They had, everybody was there was, and they were standing at attention, you know, and some were at not attention, you know, the lazy ones or whatever.


I don't know who they were, but they, you know, and some people were getting photos. I mean, if you're rolling with Connor McGregor's, they, you know, people's f and topped in lot. You know, that's the most violent, tallest leprechaun they ever made right there. He's a savage man. And so, yeah, and you got him and the Pauls. And so it was kind of nice 'cause I didn't, you know, I was just under the radar. They're all taller and bigger. And so they had more excitement. I just kind of was, you know, I was just, you know, I was kind of involved of the situation. My buddy, the wildfires got his home, but I'll tell you this, he Had Hadda fish tank and the fish in it survived.


Which is pretty unbelievable. But that's ma that's the, you know, that's just the power of nature and water.


It's been estimated that the damages so far from the California fires total more than $250 billion. The loss of life is immeasurable, and the state and city are still in shock. There are claims that insurance companies canceled thousands of homeowners fire policies in the months leading up to the fires. Were those cancellations, legal? Could this catastrophe have been avoided if the wildfires were caused by negligence? Someone must be held responsible. Morgan and Morgan, America's largest injury law firm, has helped millions of families in their times of need. Just like now. They were there for the pg and e wildfire and for the Maui wildfires. And now they are here to help. Again. If you or someone you know has lost a loved one, a home, a business or property because of the California wildfire, you can check out Morgan and Morgan today. For more information, go to cali wildfire lawsuit.com/t HEO. That's CALI wildfire lawsuit.com/theo To learn more. Callie wildfire lawsuit.com/t. This is a paid advertisement for Morgan and Morgan.


Getting your sweat on, on might seem like hard work, but with symmetry sauna, it's a work of art premium custom saunas for your home or business, plus a series of sleek prebuilt saunas. I just got myself a symmetry sauna and I'm sweating out bad decisions. Why sauna? Well, it relieves sore joints and muscles, improves skin, boosts heart health and melts stress like hot butter. Hmm. And I'm finally sleeping like a baby, which is rare since I'm usually up at 3:00 AM wondering if penguins have knees, pro athletes, fitness buffs, big folks getting small, small folks getting big. Everybody's hot boxing and symmetry saunas can help designed in the USA made with Aspen Wood from ancient Estonian forests. Ooh, yep. Fancy trees, symmetry, sauna, the perfect balance of form and function. Learn more about how to get your own premium home sauna from symmetry sauna@symmetrysauna.com slash t.


So anyway, we go to get, oh, and once they started to open the doors, it was, some areas were kind of first come, first serve seating. That's what it felt like. So it was kind of rushed. It was like on the fri like last Friday or whatever, when you got, you know, when they got a bunch of, you know, they got a bunch of kind of basketball wives fighting for those TVs or whatever. Like it's for like, thanks whenever Christmas shopping starts, you know what I'm talking about. So they had that, it was that kind of energy. Everybody's running to get a seat type of energy. And we weren't running, but we were kind of keeping a quick pace, you know. But then we got up in there and we sat down and they had also with us who, or by us or whatever, was Sam Altman.


And he did ai, right? And we'd love to get to chat with him and learn about how the world's gonna fall apart. Like, you know what I'm saying? We gotta at least learn about it a little bit. And then Sam Altman, Alexander Wang, right? And I don't know a lot of Wangs, I don't know any, okay, there he is. Alexander Wang or Vong, I'm not sure how they do it in, he's new Mexican, so he's ba he's kind of the, you know, he's kind of the Asian John Jones, if you will, sort of. He, but he went to MIT, he's a interesting guy.


Anyway, he, he's there. There was all, everybody else was governors, elected officials, rich people, like, you know, people that had cattle or gold, you know, or whatever. And some people don't even call it gold, you know, at first a lot of times they called it rocks, which is a crazy thing. But I could easily see people calling it that. And that's sad. Anyway, what am I fucking talking about? So we all sit down, right? We all sit down and it's a weight, bro. It is like, you know, and there's a lot of military, you got to meet a lot of military folks. So just to see all them in their dress garb, you know, I mean, that was, that was probably one of the coolest things.


You're in the capitol and there's all, everybody's in their garb and it's just very regal, very regal looking. And yeah. And people were amped and there was fun stuff. And then every now and then you'd shake somebody's hand and they Had Hadda wet hand or whatever, and you're like, oh fuck. You know, somebody get this fellow bag of flour or somebody, or just get 'em one of those pool chalks and let him just chalk his hand up for he shakes again for you meets somebody, you know. But yeah. And then so that, that kind of happened. We sat there for a while, probably 30 minutes. And then, and so we all slipped off and just s slunk out and got into a special area beneath some stairwells where a lot of the military was back there.


And they had, they was drinking chicken broth, hot chocolate and coffee. And the government would give 'em a little bag with a banana in it. You know, you're like, dear God, these people are putting their lives on the line, right? They're here to protect the president. And we're walking somebody. I mean, and some of these bananas had been, I don't wanna say they had been abused or whatever by their owner or whatever, but they had been trafficked, I don't wanna say, or I don't know how they, but some of the bananas had, you know, they're not, you know, they're, they're not gonna be put back in, in circulation. I was surprised some of 'em were still in circulation and anyway, but the military personnel didn't care.


And, and that was kind of a blast too. Just that was probably the highlight of the whole inauguration, was seeing all the military folks from all different branches, from police to like Army, Navy, swat sweat. There was just something gay guy wearing a sweat shirt that sweat on it. Who else? They had even stolen valor. Even the people out there in stolen valor, you were like, you know, you were, it was an honor. All of that. Just, that was something great. Sorry, this story's getting long. So anyway, we got over there we're, and we're just, we hadn't eaten any breakfast, right?


I hadn't. And so you just, I'm just slurping chicken broth and slurping hot cocoa, you know? And, and anyway, so that was like a nice excursion from sitting there. We go back to our seats and my chair was bad. I Had Hadda bad chair. The chair had been, I don't know, it was probably made in Cherna or whatever. It just been one of those, you know, probably a chair. Yeah, it was a chair that shouldn't be allowed to chair. They should check these chairs, right? They should breathalyze and whatever they should do. But they did whatever this chair had, you know, probably knew somebody or whatever, and got in the building. And anyway, it was kind of slagging a little, my chair was kind of like, so when I sit down, I had that fucking lean on me.


You know what I'm saying? That's lean, that's lean. So a lot of, and suddenly as soon as I sat like that, a lot of black people kind of nodded at me. 'cause once you have that lean on you brother, it is a little bit of a kind of urban respect going on, you know? So I was like, okay, I'm in, I'm here. So we sit down, the congregation starts, the whole congregate. The, the whole evening starts, The Inauguration starts. And it's very nice, man. I mean, it's just, you know, you're witnessing a piece of history and you get to be there. And it definitely felt like a lot of very regal people. And everybody was dressed very well and just fancy.


It was a diverse group. It felt like, I don't know if that's true. That's, that's crazy to say that part. But it was, it was nice. It was really nice. And just like, yeah, I just felt lucky to be there just to see it, you know? I mean, I, I was saying this, this weekend on Twitter, but you know, some countries, they can't vote. They don't have voting. You can't go vote. You just live and you feel like you don't have a say in how, in the template that you operate in or the, the war, the universe that you're set up in. You don't have a, you don't have a hand to raise ever.


But, but yeah. So it was just, it was just, it was, it was wild to see that. It was wild to witness it. And then just the little things, just like everybody just watching, like all the little things at The Inauguration, just the little moments of little glances from the different people. And it's like this whole changing of the guard, and it's like this tag team, it's like tagging in, you know, instead of tagging in your partner, it's like tagging in your opponent, which is just such a wild thing to witness in a, in a sport. If you look at politics, almost like a sport. And so we sat there, everything was going pretty smooth. And then at some point, my chair broke, right? The chair broke. I fell. It fell. I just, it fell right?


I fell out, I dunno what to say it, the chair like might've, I don't know what happened, right? But the chair fell and I fell and it was like, oh dude, it was the worst, right? It was embarrassing because at first I thought, oh, people thought I did this, right? Like, I don't do, I don't like physical stuff. I, I don't like that. Like I'm not good at that type type of stuff. Falling out of a chair, that type of shit, right? That's for fucking clowns or shitty mimes, right? Like a, like yeah, that's for shitty mimes. The shitty mime type shit. I don't do that. So the chair broke and then I was like, oh man.


And Sam Altman looked at me, the guy who made AI, bro, he looks at me like, I was like, oh God, that dude's never gonna come on the podcast. I was like, dude, design me a chair right now, bro. I was like, design me some way to get outta this embarrassment. So that was kind of strange. And then I got up and, and anyway, the thing carried on. We snuck off one more time to get some more stuff because it got long, you know, some of the benediction got a little, you know, they were up there rattling and shit. And then Trump came through. He gave a very long speech in there.


You know, I think addressed a lot of different things in there that it was kinda like the B sides, like things he maybe didn't wanna say in the actual, in know main part. But he said in there, and then on the way back to the hotel, our bus kept turning off. It was experience and breakage or whatever, or it was broken. So we got out and just walked like the last few blocks. And that was kind of hectic just because some of those people are, are pretty recognizable. And you know, just a lot of people were coming up pictures and videoing and ask, you know, people from a different places.


It was just a lot. It was like a lot of energy. And it was kind of a little scary, you know, like, I don't have security. I'm not saying I need security, but you're just out there. You don't know what people are. You know what I'm saying? You don't know. You just don't know what's going on. So that was a little crazy. Got back to the hotel and yeah, went home, went to my hotel, which is a co maybe a mile away or something. Took a nap for a few hours and then went to the ball later on. And there was some issues about the chair. You know, I, I ended up like, well, here, lemme tell about the ball. So the ball, I guess they Had Hadda, bunch of different balls.


And I had got a, I got a ticket to one ball, right? And it was very nice. It was called the Starlight Ball. And it was beautiful in there. And I got dropped off. You Had Hadda get dropped off a blocks away. And then they Had Hadda very long like snake walk that you Had Hadda go on to get to the door. And it was probably, maybe, probably a 20 minute walk, right? And so it was, it was cold out, it was probably 25 degrees or something. So you're walking out there and I, I didn't bring a coat, right? 'cause I didn't know, you know, I didn't, I didn't not, I didn't think, I guess. And So I didn't think about a coat and I didn't have a coat. And so we finally get up to the front and they let you in. And it was beautiful. You know, it's nice, it's elegant.


The fucking, they got curtains, they got carpet, the curtains were some curtains was 80 feet long, 90 45, 75 feet long. Baby. They had curtains that had carpet on them. Like these bitches, they Had Hadda, you know, they had everything in there. They Had Hadda. The craziest thing I saw, they Had Hadda ceiling fan. It must have been 150 feet up in the air, dude. I was like, what? How would you do it? And So I, I kind of was like looking for the switch for that low key for a while. Lemme see inside of the ball. I got to see some people that I knew Joe Rogan was in there. Mayor, oh, er, Ernie Johnson, who's the guy, speaker of the house, maybe Mike Johnson.


Mike Johnson maybe got to talk to him. He's from Shreveport, Louisiana. He Had Hadda, great sense of humor. We got to joke around a little bit. He Had Hadda, few of his children with him, got to talk with them. Wayne Gretzky was in there, the great one. I saw him, dude, Wayne Gretzky had lost his tooth in there. My tooth got chipped, right? My tooth, my tooth got chipped or something on a hard appetizer, right? So Wayne's in there, I told him that. He goes like that, show me his mouth. He's missing a whole tooth, dude. You know, runaway train, never going back. He had that bitch just gone, dude. I mean, he's a hockey player.


So yeah, but then they're like looking on the floor for the tooth. So for, for probably 10 minutes, I'm helping him and his wife and somebody else like a, I dunno if it was a dentist or whatever, but a dental assistant basically. I think it was just a dude that liked guys or whatever, but he was trying to help look for it. And then, so we're looking for Wayne GRE's tooth. Okay. And I think he's like, yeah, I think I, I think he, I, at one point I thought he said he Had Hadda couple, he usually kept a couple extra on him, you know, because this is a hockey guy. These guys, you know, you'll go to bed, they'll have their wedding ring and a tooth on the nightstand, you know, that's just the kind of guys they are, you know? So yeah, he just had that empty net up top.


And it was, but it was hilarious, dude. We laughed and, and we took a nice photo together. Me, him, Mike Johnson. And then I started getting to some social anxiety in there that was a little bit hectic. And what else was it? I mean, it's just like a couple thousand people, you know? And you can't be like, Hey, have you seen Wayne Gretzky's tooth? You know, like, So I would do that a couple times. I was like, Hey, have you seen him win Gretzky's tooth? You know? And I think a lot of people thought it was a euphemism for something or whatever. It was like a kind of like something like that. But yeah, anyway, we, I don't know if they found it or not. I gotta touch base with him, but what a legend, dude, what a legend, bro.


That was awesome. So that kind of made my night, I think. What else? I saw Tony Siff and Jeff Ross, and we joked around for about a half hour over by the desserts. The things that I did not enjoy, to be honest with you, no judgment. But these are just things that what it was like, there was only probably 25 chairs in the whole place for probably, I don't know, maybe it's 2000 people in there or something. Ni 1600 people, right? Is that the right amount of people? Maybe 1000 people. So they only probably, they might've had 40, 40 chairs, right? So there was you, it was like, if you saw a chair, it was like, it was, fuck it got squid gamey in there, dude.


It was very, if you even heard an ass cheek leave a fucking seat, you could hear that sh you could hear it at 40 paces. You could hear an ass cheek leave a leave a seat. See people rush in, fly in just first for that damn 18 square inch is of real estate. Boy for that ass real estate. Maybe that chair. Who else? Sean O'Brien. I saw the Teamsters Union president who came on to the podcast once. Who else did I get to see or not see? Oh, Ben Shapiro. I saw, I didn't get to talk to him, Jake and Logan. I saw I'm leaving some people out, but it was just a lot.


And I was kind of burnt out. There was so, it was just like a lot of meeting people and it was just a lot of energy. So then I, at one point I ended up leaving and at the same time Lex Friedman was leaving. He does podcasting. I'd never seen him before. And we talked, we, we walked for about 20 minutes and then called an Uber for about 15 minutes and just laughed. Had Hadda good chat. Yeah. And that was, that was it. That was the whole deal. I didn't get to see, I didn't get to meet anybody of the cabinet or anything like that. And I didn't get to see Baron Trump. I didn't get to see Baron bro. B Dog, bro.


You hear me? I didn't get to, I, I didn't get to see Baron Trump. That would've been the something nice to meet that man. That's a young man you wanna meet. You know what I'm saying? He just, he's that, you know, he just is, he's that fricking seer. He's that seer baby. He's the Lord's lookout baby. You know what I'm saying? He is, he's that crow's nest of society right there. And so, yeah, that was probably a bummer. I didn't get to see Bobby Kennedy Jr. Who's a friend of mine. That would've been really nice. I thought Melania looked really nice and gangster at the same time.


Beautiful gangster vibe. I got to see JD Vance's wife just see her. That's really beautiful. A lot of, they, I think she's the first Indian second lady in time ever that we've ever had. Indian American. And if you've never met an Indian person, go meet one this year. I say that wholeheartedly. I met a couple Indian people last year and am still enjoying the benefits of that and the, it's great. That's been great. So if you don't, haven't met someone like that, that's a great person to meet. What else? There was some all, oh, was there some? Oh, Tim Kennedy.


I got to see, I just met him week before and I wish I, I couldn't find his number. IIII, I was gonna try to meet up with him. It was so hard to go from one thing to the next. I was like, once you got somewhere, you were kind of there. It was just a lot. It was very tough to kind of move about in the city. What else?


You all know? I like to keep things cool even in the winter. And nothing's cooler than a blue cube cold plunge. I'm fortunate enough to have one at home. And let me tell you, it's like baptizing your soul baby. Getting that little crispy bucket, baby. It gets rid of them demons we all have and makes you feel great for seven or eight hours afterwards. It's good. My buddy Thomas Schiffer, the genius behind Blue Cube and I go way back and he just launched a presale for their new standup cold plunges. Wow. These things are the Cadillacs of cold plunge therapy. American made full immersion weatherproof frames and built like a Sherman tank. I'll say this. They are built well. And because you're listening to me, you can get a sweet discount when you mention my name. That's right. Just tell 'em Theo sent you and they'll knock a good bid off the price. So if you're ready to boost your metabolism, eliminate inflation and blast away your anxiety, give them a call. Head over to their website, blue cube baths.com and dive into the details. Opt in on their website or give them a call. I am grateful for the one that I have, and I feel honestly thankful to be able to have one. I know they're not in everybody's price range and, and that's understandable. But at the same time, I wanna support my friend and his amazing company.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com. Or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


Yeah, I, and I think my biggest takeaway was just that things, it's just changing. You know, it's like, just that things are kind of different, you know? Like I couldn't believe that they, that we got to be at something like that. But I think that's just how the world is getting, everything's kind of evening out, you know? I don't really believe that there's, like, it doesn't really feel like, it almost feels like there's not even really famous people. Everybody feels a little famous 'cause everybody is able to kind of promote themselves if they want. You know what used to be like media that felt like it was kept from people or controlled, it just feels like it's just there now. And you can make your own decisions based on how you're consuming or who you're consuming stuff through, I guess.


I don't know, I guess I don't have like a lot of macro level pictures, pictures of that kind of stuff. But just to get to meet Sam Altman, dude, the a the AI guy. Like what? And then it was just more inter just like, yeah, it was fascinating. I wish I had, had I, I was kind of burnt out. I wi I I I, it was very magnificent and had like a, you know, a Cinderella type energy and stuff. I'm just glad that I got to go to it. I couldn't believe that there wasn't on, there was a thing where, you know, I thought Jake and Logan, I thought Logan and Jake were messing with me.


They had videotaped, they were vlogging from the get right. And I never spent much time around them, you know? And I know that they're really successful and, and they're, I mean, they're war. They're, they're tough guys. Those are tough guys, right? No doubt. So anyway, they put a clip of, I fell out the chair, dude. And I didn't do, I didn't know, I knew that the chair had been bad. The chair was faulty. It was faulty chair. I don't know if that was CIA or what. I have no idea. No idea how, you know, if they, there was a plan there. But anyway, they, the chair was faulty.


But then afterwards somebody said that they were fooling with the chair, you know? And so part of my brain was like, oh, were they, did they do something with it to egg it on? You know, like, you know what I'm saying? If you see somebody who's like leaning on a crutch or whatever, and then you bar their crutch, you know, you leave town, you know, 'cause you got P priors or whatever. And then they fucking, they take that l baby, that gravity l baby, they fall. So I just didn't know. So I got into kind of this skeptical place and I should have just checked in with Logan about it, I guess. But they were recording everything, So I didn't know if they were gonna record it or whatever.


And I just, I hadn't been around 'em that much, you know? And I didn't, I, I think I get nervous around like vlogging type of things because it feels like you're there co somebody could be setting you up or something. And I'm just not that familiar with that universe. And then later in the day, Logan Pauls made a video where he said he made a challenge about, oh, he said if I was gonna put you through something, I'd put you through a table, you know, not a chair. 'cause he's a wrestler. He's a wwe e wrestler. I believe he's been a champion too, hasn't he? Let me see. Yeah, he was the WWE champion from November, 2023 to August 3rd, 2024.


So, yeah. So I thought he, you know, So I thought that he, I thought that he wanted that, that, that he was, you know, then I thought he was creating like an online hype about it. You know, I thought he was calling out the Rat King, you know? And if you want, if you want the smoke baby, I'll feel your lungs. You hear me? Because I'm gonna give you the truth baby. And I'm going to give you the trauma name, the time and the place and the place and the time. 'cause I got a clock in a globe and an ax to grind from Alaska to Nebraska, from Maine to Fort Wayne. So that's where I was at.


And then we ended up talking in the morning and I just, I should have probably communicated that was my, my, my part in it was I didn't communicate better. And they weren't, they, they didn't, they didn't do anything. They were recording. The chair fell and it was ridiculous. And then they weren't trying to, they weren't trying to wrestle. I used to watch you wrestle. They weren't trying to wrestle. And so, yeah. So no hard feelings there. Yeah, some just self responsibility. I think it was just a little bit of a miscommunication and just not knowing each other, maybe not knowing each other's energies.


Some, and I'll say this too, honestly, I Had Hadda great time hanging out with them. 'cause we also had Had Hadda great time that weekend. They were probably two of the guys. Yeah. We just, just joking around. I got to see how they interact with their mother. And I thought that that was very sweet, to be honest with you. No home, no Diddy or whatever, you know, just, just like the way, and it was just all real genuine, you know, you could tell that they have, yeah, you could just tell the affinity that they have for their mother and, and the same for them because a lot of families that grow up where the children are famous and stuff.


They don't have the same fortune, they don't have the same good fortune, you know? And so that was really cool. Actually. It was a, I thought I admired that about them. Yeah, some. This honky zen monkey rolled up on me at the hotel at one point and was kind of just like, he was just kind of trying to say stuff to me and just, he was drunk, right? And he was just kind of kept spitting a lot. And it was just a lot for me. And he was just his, his energy was super clear. He was like right up in my face kind of. And I told him I didn't wanna really talk. I was just, it had been a long day or whatever. And then he kept, he kept coming up and Logan and Jake both kind of just formed, just put a damn Trump wall right there in, in front of me.


And I didn't need to be rescued. But I'm kind of glad they stepped in because it could have got a little weird, you know, I was kind of my, I was on edge a little, you know, I just hadn't hit a meeting in a just shit like that. I had, you know, I just gotta take care of my own shit a little bit better. But, so yeah. What I'm saying is, and nobody asked me to say this, you know, we just, Logan and I Had Hadda call the other day. That shit was just confusion and yeah, that, that was just confusion. And then, yeah, I'm actually glad I got to, I'm glad I got to get to know them better, to be honest with you.


It was kind of a joy of the weekend. And what else was nice? I mean, it was all just crazy just to even, even just to like stand around a vendor holy field and you're just like, welcome to be around him, right? There's not like he doesn't have, there's no, he, neither one of y'all needs to walk off 'cause you're both in the same group. It was like, you're at a field trip. That was it. That's what it was like, it was like when you were kids at a field trip and it was like, okay, this is the B group and this is your chaperone, or this is the L group and this is your chaperone. And so that was us. We had eight or nine of us. We had our chaperone and we were just, you know, we were just learning about civics and getting to see some of it firsthand.


And we really did like laugh. It was a fucking blast, dude. And yeah, I think maybe part of me, I wish they'd have asked if they'd have put the clip of fallen in the chair out or whatever, but in the end it's okay. It's all good. You know, I don't have any, any I ill thoughts towards them, you know? I, I, yeah, I thought that they were, I thought they were cool guys. Maybe I need to quit saying that. Dude. Obviously they're both married and I like women, but, but yeah, I kind of wish we would've fucking took that. I kind of wish we would've took it to the ring. You know? I think there was a part of me that that was hoping, you know, 'cause you know, the Rat King baby, I'll put him in the fricking mozzarella wheelchair baby.


You feel me? My finishing move is the tax evasion baby. So, but that's every kid's dream to get in there and get body slammed and lose a vertebra, you know, in a sold out arena in Charlotte. I mean, who, you know, we can all dream. But yeah, I'm just glad I got to go to the Inauguration. I would've gone, you can't miss it. You couldn't miss it if you got to go. And I just feel lucky that I got to go. And so thank you to Alex Perowitz for taking me for John Shahidi, my buddy who's been super supportive and helps me a lot and helped me get to do the political podcast last year.


And just to learn about some things that I care about, you know, and, and just different politicians and how it works. It's like, I've learned a lot in the past year, to be honest with you. I think, anyway, you know, I think I have. And so, yeah, wish I'd have gotten to meet Baron. Wish I'd have gotten to see Bobby Kennedy. Some people gave me a hard time about going to the Inauguration or in a party or whatever. I don't think about all I, I, you know, I don't, I I support, I do what I wanna do for me and you can do what you wanna do for you, you know? And, but nobody owns my support.


Nobody owns my support for anything I don't think, you know, except maybe my family. And even then, if I can even then I'll keep it away from them sometimes. So I don't know about what else. Let's take a call that came in. Here we go. Hello, Mr. Theo Von. This is Judy. Hey Judy. Ba ba sorry, my buddy used to say that all the time. Carry on Judy Onward. Thank you for calling From Shreveport, Louisiana. Oh yes. Mike Johnson Country. And you know, he is speaker of the house and I, I liked his attitude, I liked his energy, you know, and I'm curious to see what this whole new campaign, what they do in they're, I'm curious to see, you know, 'cause it's a motley, it's a motley group that they got going in there.


And I wanna get to meet some of them. I want to get to talk to some of 'em and learn some stuff, you know, and also ask 'em, ask 'em some promises. You're gonna do this, you can do this. And then we can see if we can hold 'em to it. If we get to keep podcasting for years, we'll be able to hold 'em to it. Hey, you, you said you were gonna get to do this. Why didn't it happen? Or why did it happen? You know? So that kind of stuff really intrigues me. You know, are we gonna get lobbyists and foreign countries and APAC and all these different people out from inter interfering with our candidates and interfering with our lobbies? Or how does it work? And also, am I just delusional and I just don't know the whole system?


And, and if that's the case and educate me on it. Because there's also just a cost of doing business in some things. You know, like sometimes there's just, there's a cost of doing business. You know, like you could go set up a fruit stand or something, or a little, little watermelon stand or something. A little banana shop or something on the corner of a street. You could do that. But you have to pay a permit, right? You have to. It's just the cost of doing business. So sometimes I wonder if there's, you know, what the truth is out there. I wanna learn more about that. Let's hear more. Sorry, I a called a few times. Anyhow, I just wanna say congratulations.


I'm so happy for you that you had the opportunity to go to DC on Inauguration Day. I had actually had said something to my husband over the weekend that I sure hope the Yon goes to Washington to experience inauguration day. Well thanks ma'am. Or young lady or, yeah, thank you Miss, I appreciate that. Yeah, the yon went to Washington. I guess five will goes west or whatever. Fle goes to section eight. That's gonna be, maybe I'll be able to be in that. Yeah. But Fle was a mouse dude and he went west and we're the rats baby. And we went east. So, but thank you for thinking of me.


Yeah, I was thinking about that too. I was like, how can I not go? You know? So yeah. Thank you. Let's hear more Miss, Because you, my friend, are so worthy and deserving to have that opportunity. Countless, countless of this or so grateful. Thank you for going, you truly deserve that. I was so excited for you. And I just wanna thank you again for just having truly the best podcast that I get so hyped to listen to. And you are so deeply loved. Well, thank you. Thank you. That's sweet of you to say that.


That's nice of you to say, you know, I did, I thought about my teachers from growing up. I thought about my mom. I, I, I didn't steal, but I took a couple extra napkins. 'cause I know my, my best friend's mom is gonna want one. My mom's gonna want one probably. Yeah. There's a teacher too, if I ever, if I get to see 'em again that I would like to give 'em to just little things like that. Yeah. And to see things you like and don't like. You get this witness, like, okay, there's some stuff here that I feel like this, there's some stuff here that I feel like that, yeah, I felt like, I don't know, I just couldn't believe it, you know, to be real honest with you, I just couldn't believe it, you know?


I just couldn't believe that I was sitting in there and I'm at the damn, you know, this is like the, they're doing the, The Inauguration, you know? And, and then the chair broke and I'm like, oh, Oh, And you're on the floor and you're like, oh, this isn't good. And then you just, I thought I'd, I was like, please let me fall through to another world or whatever. Like, I looked over at Sam Altman and I was like, design a, you know, I was like, send me into the Matrix right now, man.


You know, don't make me have to just get up and just be human. So that was a lot. I don't know, was it a lot? But anyway, it is just is what it is, man. And the best part of it was some rich lady scoffed at me. She's like, Whoa. As if she Had Hadda watch one of her own dogs. Shit. You know those people that are really rich, they have someone else walk their dogs, so they never really know that their dog's shit or whatever. She was like, whoa God. She like grabbed her husband's arm or something. I'm like, me, you got it right. You sitting in the wrong section.


You in section eight, boo boo, these chairs busted as hell, brother. So Maple, we'll start making our chairs in fucking America again. I don't know, maybe we'll start taking some pride in the things that we built, that we build, you know? I don't know. I wonder what the future's gonna be like. You know, I wonder and if we're strong enough, man, it's weird. It's like the things that I feel like are bad for me sometimes it's hard to stay away from, it's hard to keep using them. You know, it's a, it's just, it's interesting, But I'm just happy I get to be alive and play the game every day. Sometimes I play it pretty good, sometimes I don't, sometimes my attitude sucks.


Like, yeah dude, I was at the, the ball or whatever and the desserts, dude, I was just, I wanted to get a drink or something and then I was like, I'm not drinking. You know, I'm, I'm not doing it. I just been, I was just like, I was kind of going through it. And So I fucking said I'm gonna get me some desserts, right? Because sometimes if you wanna drink, if you to, to, to, to, to stop that cur that craving. You get you some desserts, boy, you know, So I tongue down a couple Petit fours baby. Lemme bring up a petrol. One of them. God, they're good if they're beautiful, they're good if they're good, but they, when they're not, they're just a waste of your fucking calories ready for, and I'm the kind of guy, I'll put something in my mouth and if I decide once it's in there that it ain't worth it, you gonna get that shit back, honey.


I'm gonna, I'll put that shit in a napkin baby and hide a little doggy bag somewhere behind a plant or something. I don't give a damn, I'll fucking feed that bitch to a sofa cushion after I take it outta my mouth. I don't give a damn. 'cause I don't eat bullshit Sugars dog. A Petti four, also known as Magis esis is a small bite sized confectionary, A Savary appetizer. The name is French Petti four meaning Small oven. Hmm. That's small oven baby. You know what I'm saying? Huh? Damn boy. And Wayne Gretzky lost that fricking, he was spitting Chicklets dude, shout out to them.


He Had Hadda. He, I'm upstairs baby. He fucking, he the Lord installed a window on his smile baby. He had that thing going and shout out Wayne man, we talked about his family and I'm just clowning. He knows he Had Hadda. Great sense of humor. He's like, yeah, usually I got a couple extra I keep on me. Oh. But just moments like that, you're talking to the greatest hockey player in the world and he's asking you how you're doing and then you're just helping somebody look for a tooth in a fucking nice room. It's just like, it's just the shit you kinda always dreamed about, I guess, you know. Lemme see if there's one more question. Any questions you guys had, Nick or Zach?


I don't think so. Are you looking for a voicemail? Can you hear me? You notice anything on your mind about the election? Was there anything, You made a point you post on Instagram about how you think we need more than two parties? That was interesting. Yeah, I think that's something, you know, I think that's a big thing for me is that, hey, how do you get more parties? Because I feel like if they're, you know, if you, if they're just, we need more teams, it'd be more exciting, you know? And I know there are more people are like, let, there's a green party. I know that. Lemme see how, how many political, just so we know, some of you guys are like this idiot, you don't know the electoral system's called, is it called a two party system?


That means two parties dominate the political field, the two largest parties. Okay. Minor parties. There's the obviously, so then you have Democratic and Republican. Those are your two major, your minor parties are, the libertarian party was founded December 11th, 1972. As of March, 2021, it is the largest third party in the United States claiming nearly 700,000 registered voters across 28 states. The Green Party, you know what I'm saying? Blow it in. Yeah, baby, that's sticky, icky.


The Green Party has been active as a third party since the 1980s. You know what I'm talking about. Chechen Chong homie. That's what's up baby. Dope as yo the party first gained widespread public attention during Ralph Nader's second presidential run in 2000. Okay. Okay. And then the Constitution Party is a national conservative political party in the United States. It was founded in the US tax as the US taxpayers party in 1992 by Howard Phillips. It was also the Alliance Party is a centrist, American political party was formed in 2018 and registered in 2019. And the Vermont Progressive Party, so that are, those are 3, 4, 5 other parties.


That's pretty cool. I would love to just talk to Bernie Sanders again. You know, that would be something nice this year to learn a little bit more about some stuff. Yeah, I, I'm just, I think I've gotten more curious this year. I feel more curious and then just, yeah, some things I want to do this year, try and be better to my friends. I think I can do it right on and just take more time. It's not in my own world. And think about other people's worlds. That's one thing that keeps me. Sometimes I just get stuck in my own world and then it's, it's not that I'm not thinking about others, it's just I'm thinking about me too much or things I have to do. Right.


So those are some goals of mind. Anyway, sorry to ramble. Anything else? Any other, Nick, did you have a question? Anything come to mind? I know Zach had it. I didn't. I just thought it was kind of a beautiful moment and it did feel like things are changing good or bad. Yeah, that's the thing. Sometimes change. It's good. You don't know, you know, it's like Bobby Kennedy, people did it. People said he was a witch doctor or whatever people said he was. What were some of the things you heard? Oh, he worked for Frankenstein. You would hear all of that or whatever. You know, people would say he has a bust full of like frogs with band-aids on him and shit like that.


And like bears that are missing arms or whatever. And yeah. Yeah, he's definitely, you know, he's had some weird instances with some roadkill. I'll agree to that. But it's a mystery. I like something new. I like, let's try this, let's try this. So, alright, blessings to you guys. Thanks for listening to me ramble about the inauguration. Thanks for being a part of the podcast as always. The Hotline is (985) 664-9503. What was the call in thing that we spoke about earlier? Nick, do you remember about one of 'em we talked about?


That would be a good call in thing. Craziest Thing you've ever seen in a bathroom. Oh yeah, that's what it was, man. So I, one happened at, one thing that happened was I was at The Inauguration, you know, and, and, and I was there, right? And so this, So I go into the restroom, right? Typical, you know, restroom user, that's who I, who I am. So I go in there and you start, there's only a couple sounds that you hear in the bathroom that you, that are kind of acceptable, right? You know, you, you'll accept a lot of sounds in a bathroom. You're like, okay. You're like, oh, all right.


But okay, you know, and then sometimes you hear some stuff and you'll do a quick prayer for somebody or something, but there's only a few sounds. But that somebody was in there either, I don't wanna say doing, you know, cocaine maybe, or, or just breathing short really fast every now and then. So that kind of blew my mind. But it just goes to show you that you never know when somebody you know is getting tooted up on the gear. You know what I'm saying? Big Randy, you never know. So, alright. A little bit more American inauguration music on the way out.


But yeah, you can hit the Hotline. 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. Let us know something you've seen in a bathroom that's been strange over the years. Something that's kind of shocked you or really, you know, you thought to yourself. Okay, that's different right there. 9 8 5 6 6 4 9 5 0 3. Praise God, baby. I'm Upstairs And if you, if you, if anybody finds Wayne Gretzky's tooth, you guys hit the Hotline, you know that. And we'll get that installed done for him up there. But you guys be well man. Thank you guys. Amen Baron.


You guys be good to yourselves, baby. You deserve it gang.