
Today's guest is, well, he's the goat. He is an iconic comedian. He has a new tour going on right now called The Heaven on Earth Tour. He is labeled by many as an oracle as the Black Crystal Ball. I've heard him called. I'm thankful that he came down from the clouds today to spend time with us. Today's guest is Mr. Katt Williams. What's up, man? What's up, man?


It's time. It's good to see good old Theo Vine. It's an honor man. The world loves you, you know? Well, that's nice of you to say. I feel, I feel like I can't believe I'm around you. I think, you know, I feel like you seem like a mythical figure. Right? Well, you know, like sack squash or a, like a unicorn or Something like that. Yeah. You, you'll still feel that way at by the end. Like, I, I won't ruin that. Yeah.


Okay. Yeah. That's, that's the good thing about people like you and I like, if somebody thinks that they like us and they think they've made a connection with this person on the screen when they're around us, it's legitimate because it was legitimate. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, like if Theo Vaughn wasn't successful, he doesn't have a different story. Right. Right, right. You know what I mean? It's the same story. Yeah. He lived that story. And that's, that's why people gravitate to you because there's nobody like you.


Well, thanks man. I feel the same about you. I feel like everybody does. Yeah. And you have a statue of me at your house, so, you know, So, yeah. Thank you, man. Yeah. Thank you for letting them even do that statue. What was that whole deal like with them? With Michael's? That's where I got mine at. Was at Michael's. Right. Yeah. Did You do a, it wasn't a collab or what was it? Nope. Nope. They just robbed my image and likeness because they Could messing off, Man. Because they were doing it for religious purposes. Oh yeah. I allowed it to.


Well, thank you. We wish you a black Christmas, Man. Look, I'd be honored to have one. I'd be honored to have one. Yeah, man. I, because yeah, when I met That guy there, he said, we got two left, man, you know, and there was 201 of 'em was marked down 'cause it Had Hadda chip in it. But it's still, man, it's an honor. I keep it up in my house year round and people walk in and they're like, No way. That's Kat William, right there. It is. And It's beautiful, man. Thank you. Yeah. You have a new, you have a new tour, man. And I, you know, I know people talk about touring and comedy a lot, and I want, I wanna know what kind of keeps you still doing comedy? Like, did you like, 'cause I think when we start out, maybe it's to be funny, and then some people get to this place where they want to have a message.


Do you notice that kind of tone shift in your, like, desire to do it over time? I don't, I don't think so. Like, I, I, I always try to have a message just because I, I enjoy the fact that while laughing and joking, you might learn something you didn't know and have gotten it from a comedian. And I kind of dig that. But everything else is just continuing this conversation with my fan base. Like, these are my friends that I haven't seen since the last time I was here.


And here's our discussion, furthering our relationship. So it hasn't felt much like work And this the Heaven on Earth toward, do you, do you believe in heaven? Absolutely. And Earth. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Fair. Touche, man. Yeah, dude, I remember when I first, 'cause like when I was growing up, we just had, you know, you'd learned about heaven and stuff, but all the pamphlets or whatever I'd seen at church or anything, it always had, it was mostly white folks on it. Right, right. And then I went to a black church one time.


Yeah. It was, I think it's called Greater Starlight Baptist Church that was in our town. Hmm. And Shout out to Greater Starlight Baptist Church. Oh, yeah. It was nice in there. This was in Covington, Louisiana. Right. But, but yeah, they had About 13 miles from Slidedale. Yeah. There You go. Wow. Map Williams in the building, baby. But, and that's when I realized, don't Let me go gt every, Everybody's, every ev. That's when I realized, oh, everybody's gonna be in heaven. That was the first time that I realized heaven was gonna be very diverse.


I'd never thought about it. Right. And it was, it blew my mind. I was like, oh, wow. They're gonna have black folks in heaven, Asian folks, all types of folks are gonna be there. You know? It's truly the only place that white people are a minority. Yeah. Huh. Is in heaven. Just because thousands of years went with nobody getting to go. Yeah. Just 'cause of fuck shit that they might not have even been involved in. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I guess I'm kind of, I don't know if I'm starting to look forward to it. I'm excited about it. Yeah. But I, yeah, I guess I get caught up in like, a lot of worldly stuff, you know, like, there's still things I want to do here, that type of thing, you know?


Really? Yeah. You still got stuff you haven't done. Yeah, man, I got some things. Yeah. Some different things. I would like to write a book. I think Don't, don't say what they are. Okay. But I, I'm saying just the fact that you got things that you're excited about doing. That's the, that's the joy of life. That's when you're living is so many, that's why it's so difficult for these super wealthy people to be fucking happy. Like, they can do everything else, but they can't fucking be happy because they've lived all their dreams. They got everything they were trying to get. They, they wake up and they can't score a touchdown no matter what they, yeah.


It's a terrible life. But guys like you and I that still got stuff to try and taste and, you know, things to feel and people to be around. Like, it gives life a a, a wonderful meaning. Yeah. Yeah. I think that is something that, like, if I stay kind of motivated and I have a plan a little bit, that keeps me a lot more like, okay, I want to do this. I still want to try that. Yeah. And I start to think, man, I'm running out of time too. You know, if you really like to taste different things and smell different flowers and you know, and see what's on in different gardens and stuff, then you start to run outta time.


No. You don't think No, because you Had Hadda be in the position that you're in now for you to be able to make some of these things happen. Couldn't have done 'em at 34, 24, 14 because circumstantially, you weren't ready. You weren't ready financially. You didn't have the time. You didn't know that's what you wanted to do. Now at this place is when you can make those things happen. Like, you can do everything on that list of yours in 2025 with no fucking sweat. And your biggest problem in 26 is I gotta have a new list.


Yeah. Time is time is one of the main things that's made up. Yeah. You think I know. So it's just used as like a mechanism to what? Limit our thinking. Well, don't say limit. You said that you like this thing because it gives control and it, and it puts things in its place. And that's what time does for us. Oh. So that we're able to keep track, you know? But, but the less you deal with time, you realize you have the right amount of time to do everything you gotta do every day.


24 hours. And you could make it an adventure every fucking day. Like, Hey, I could die tomorrow. What would that mean I would need to be doing today? How do I, you see what I'm saying? Right. Like, not looking at it like, oh, I'm running outta time. Nah, no, no, no. Dead people ran outta time. Yeah. Everybody else alive. You got 30 swim trunks. Do that for me. You know, how you gonna Say you got 30 swim trunks? But you ain't never been an Joe Rogan, bro.


Thank you for having a good sense of humor, man. That's what I am. I am a good sense of humor. Yeah. Sometimes we forget about that along the way, man. You are Right. How long you wanna live for. Then you think, Kat, you gotta check it. You gotta, when you ever think about it, I was promised that I won't have to deal with that. So I don't, I don't consider it. I do know that. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't have any things that I have to do in order to go out the way I would like.


So that's a blessing. And about one of the best you can get, you know, is being okay with the body of work and the legacy and the feelings and the emotions that you left. You know? And, and I still haven't done my best like comedically. Like, I'm still not really my funniest, like, I'm still not working hard enough. Like I'm still not, I still haven't made a complete package Wow. Of myself yet. So Do you think some comedians start to feel like they have, and that that's a trap Most comedians have though?


Ah, yeah. I'm saying that becomes part of the career is the fact that a lot of guys that are doing comedy right now, were funny. From 1995 to 2004, they're still working. Yeah. They're still generating income. They're still, but their best comedy is long behind them. They're not that comedian that was thinking something was funny and writing it down and figuring a way to get this to the people. And so yeah, it happens. What sidetracks comedians, I guess it could be all types of things.


Huh? What sidetracks 'em from maybe fulfilling their, their, their Excellence is difficult, but to be mediocre, it's no pressure. Like, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. Like, if you don't feel like you have to be the funniest person that this crowd has seen tonight, then you don't, and there's nothing wrong with that. Nobody's going to jam you up about it. They'll go, oh, you were funny. And for a lot of people, that's enough. How do you pick, you've Had Hadda, lot of openers.


Like I've met a a lot of your openers over the years here and there. Yeah. How do you choose them, man? How do you choose these guys? Or women? You need a lighter, whether You're Oh, no, no, I have no needs. I apologize. What I choose them based upon whether, whether the, whether their point of view is unique to them. Like, I don't care what a comedian's talking about. That's your business. I don't, I don't care what jokes you're making or how your set flows, but are you telling a story about you can people see this eight minutes, 12 minutes you're gonna do and know you and have a chance to like you.


If you do that, then I, you can open for me, because my allegiance is to the people out there in those seats, and I want them to see the very best comedians that I can possibly bring. Somebody they'll enjoy whether they're male or female or white or black. Just do are do they come to work? Yeah. Do they have a show for you? Yeah. You see? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I care about. Yeah. I think when I was getting into comedy in the beginning, I didn't, I wanted people to know me. Right? Yeah. Like, I never, I liked the jokes and I want 'em to, I want 'em to laugh and feel good and see different ways that maybe I think and stuff.


But I wanted to sell myself. That's what I always thought. I think. Yeah. When I first started, I didn't think I, I don't want you to remember one joke. I I want you to remember me. Right. Like, I felt like this desperate. That's a star though. See, you knew that you would be a star. That's different than a performer. A performer is based upon the act. What I'm saying is magicians ain't shit unless they doing magic. Yeah. Right. Oh, oh. If fusty them bitches. Yeah. I feel Right Bro. Right. Yeah. But a true comedian is above the comedy material.


The jokes are secondary. Yeah. We, we like this guy and we want to hear what this guy has chosen to say to us about the topics of his choosing. That's who you are. You know what I mean? That's who you are. That's who you are, Kat. Yeah. Well, takes one. Another one. Yeah. You grew up in Ohio, huh? Yes. Yeah. Did you grow up by Dave Chappelle? You guys grew up near each other? Dave Chappelle's not even from Ohio, Isn't he? I thought he is from Dayton. I'm from Dayton. Are you really? Yeah. Chappelle's from DC.


Oh, damn. My bad. Sorry. No problem. So, but did he lives in Dayton now though? He he, Yeah. He has a lot of, he owns probably $5 million worth of property out there. Dang. He's done really well for our Dayton, Ohio. They got a beautiful museum out there. I went to Dayton's a wonderful place. They have the Air Force Museum, I think it is out there. Yeah. We, because we have Wright Patterson Air Force Base Yeah. That we're very, very proud of. And It's awesome. Yeah. They have, I think Fatman and little boy are in there. Is it the, are the plane that dropped? There's the planes that drop the bombs on.


I wanna say it's, I wanna say it's Pearl Harbor in there. Maybe Hiroshima. It could be Hiroshima little boy and fat man. There They are. Yeah. That's what Rogan named his, the rooms of his comedy club after. He certainly did the mothership. Yeah. They really get it over there. You feeling the pressure Of this interview? No, no. Of Austin, Of moving there. Is Austin calling you a little bit? Are they trying to put pressure on you? A little bit. I didn't, like, at first I wanted to do my own thing. Like a lot of people were moving there. Yeah. But now when I'm there, it just feels like it's a fun energy.


It Is. And there's people on stage, and you can go up and down that sixth street and you can do five or six sets in a night. I mean, that's a lot of practice. And it's probably within 800 footsteps or whatever. Yeah. So that to me seems really remarkable. What's on your, what's on the new tour? What's it like? Like what's it like to still go out there? What's it like to, like, do you do in the round? What's your show like? I haven't been to a Katt Williams show. Clearly. Yeah. And what a blessing. You know what I mean? That's True. I still have it to look forward to. Right. And, and we, we just learned, we got plenty of time, you know, but it's like, I don't know, it's like a festival for laughs and good energy and there are different comedians before it gets to me.


And so you get a chance to get a overview of some of the greatest comedians around the country and, and, and get a chance to, to see them. And it's hosted by Monique. And Monique is a super large figure in comedy and she has a great presence. And, and then after all of said and done, then I come out and I congregate with the people Yeah.


For an hour. And Yeah. The best thing I think is probably the fact that you've gotten your money's worth twice before I get on stage. Amen. And I think that's the part I'm probably proudest of. Yeah. Were you, what do you bring with you on the road? Somebody said you bring a cyber truck. Is that true? Yes. I, it, that's my work truck. I have a cyber truck. That's what I was just curious what you thought about it. When I, when I'm home on the ranch, that's my, that's my farm truck. I love it. Like, It's fun. It feels like you're driving an email kind of a what?


It feels like you're driving an email. That's what I feel like sometimes it just feels like I'm in the future. Like, you could floor it and just Yeah. It does feel like a UFO. Yeah. Like, you'll put the gas on Monday, like you'll floor it and you'll fucking, when it stops, it's fucking Thursday right there. It's like, it just has like a, I don't know. Yeah. It's a, it's a, it's, it's a unique experience. You know, like, have, Have you met him? Have you met Elon before? No. No. I don't, I don't generally enjoy the company of billionaires.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think if I know any good billionaires. Well, it's not that they're not good, but I'm saying I, I don't need to be reminded of my inadequacies, you know? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like, Yeah. What, what you do for fitness man? What's your fitness regime? Like? You got a regime each day or what's that? Like? The ladies keep me fit. I'm heavy in sexual relations, and so Oh yeah. That keeps you pretty, pretty fit. Oh Yeah. I got a cold plunge and a jacuzzi and a sauna that I do pretty ritualistic.


And I've never been a gym guy. I got two torn rotator cuffs, So I kind of Oh, Damn. Limit. Oh damn. Both them bitches gone, huh? Yeah. Yeah. So golf is basically how I stay where I'm trying to be, but I've, I've never been, I've never been seven pounds under or over in my life. You're that middle dog. My Adult, like I, I'm at one 50 who, you know, On the dime, baby, he'll show Up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He'll fucking check made of scale baby. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. I think I, I like, what have I been doing recently? Swimming. Oh, there's you playing golf right there, damn kid out there.


Right. So, you know, if you can get 2 22 without your arms ever going above your head and do it consistently, where it always ends up in the fairway, you're hitting, you know, 14, 16 of 18 in the fairway, you know, then this is, then you can play the game a little better. Banging out there. Yeah. Well, you can't get them arms off. I guess at a certain point. Your arms don't need to go that high in there anyway, though. I'm trying to think of what I, Well, it would certainly, it would certainly give me more yards and a fuller thing. Yeah. It's just the rotator cuffs don't allow it.


So I, I, I started golfing with these 80-year-old guys that Oh yeah. You know, And bitches, you gotta wait, you gotta, like, They can barely get out the car. Yeah. But then they come out there and out drive you. Every shot is better than your, like, so they taught me how to play golf under restraint. So that's to not hurt myself, you know? So. And how'd you bang them cuffs up? What happened? You think? What You mean? How'd you Oh, I was, I was In, were you swimming? I was in the midst of a, of a pushup contest. No way. You blew 'em out.


Yeah. Oh man. But I was, I was probably at 200. I was doing too much. You Did 200 pushups. Yeah. Yeah. And tore the cuffs both at the Dang, you ripped both them bitches. Mike, you got that. Boy, you better pull up at a Jiffy Lube and get Well, buddy. I'm saying the Guy I'm going against. 'cause the way it worked is, yeah, you could do as many as you wanted when you stop. It's my go and I got a match. You know what I mean? So You took it to the limits, huh? You was a horse. You took it to the limits, man.


Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you could probably do some swimming safely. Maybe I could see you getting Out. Oh, I'm a avid water guy. Yeah. I'm like, I'm in the water. Probably more than You had dark Coi baby. You out there? Oh, I love the water. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I pray underwater, like, because, you know, evil, evil can't access you underwater, you know? Oh, that's interesting. A lot of people don't know. Is that true? Yeah. And maybe That's why a baby a child is an amniotic fluid, huh? Yeah. Like, water's super powerful. Like a, like a living being.


I'm sure that soon in the future they will confirm for us that water is a sentient being and that, you know, Man, that's gonna be, if they do that Well, that's why all through our history there was always gods of water. Just because it's such a powerful force. Yeah. You know? Yeah. God is right. Yeah. I have a trouble out there. I think I'm just not the best swimmer man. I never, I don't like to swim cap either, you know? I never like, putting that cap on that just was not something that, that was my vibe. You Know? What, what do you mean by not a good swimmer?


I just, I don't like it, man. I don't like being out in there. I'm kind of a land dog. I like being on land. I respect water too much. I think I get too scared in it. I just, Oh Yeah. That's it. I get scared in it. Yeah. You, you have to have a real respect for it no matter what, like on a boat or regardless. Yeah. Like, it's, it's one of those crazy things that, you know, it's beautiful and wonderful and it sustains life, but it has a thousand ways to kill you. Yeah. And it, yeah, it houses the scariest in the whole world. Yeah. I just get nervous. Yeah. Yeah.


But what, what are you like in a jacuzzi though? I'm pretty chill. I think, you know, I'm okay in a jacuzzi, but even then, if nobody's around, yeah. I don't, I just don't know if I trust myself or not. Not to, not to like, yeah. If I even, fuck if I'm even driving through a long puddle, I fucking, I'll look at my watch and make sure everything's all right. You know? I just get But you Had Hadda drowning incident in your past? I think I've just had some probably nervous experiences with it, man. Yeah. We used to have a neighbor and this guy was probably, I dunno if you, he had like one of them big bathtubs they had at their house. And they would, he would play, he would make us play Navy or something. He's probably a gay guy, but we didn't know. Right. But he would have us play in Navy and shit.


You have, you have more than six of those stories. So you can't, We Ain't claiming it now. Yeah, we had, well, but he'd have his plate. But it was just like, a lot of it was A guy looking in, had you looking in butthole. So I'm saying Yeah, We've had some fucking wild neighbors, bro. Some of these guys were certain gay, I Dunno if they was gay. I dunno if they, I'm Not sure what they were. We sure we sure what they were. You, you just made it through all the gauntlets, like as a participant. Oh, yeah, Bro. I'll fucking, I put a juke on a nut sack, you know what I'm saying? Bro. Gimme my $4, Bro.


I get, we grew up just Had Hadda, but back then they Had Hadda some more pedophiles and wildness, I think back then. Man, people wouldn't, now it's all documented, you know? Right. But back then it was just, people was more, you know, I remember we Had Hadda guy, they called one basketball coach, had been like, kind of tickling the kids a lot. Right. And then the other guy called him and he said, he said, Hey, If you keep, you said that's so naturally I say that you said that so naturally, like that's the thing that coaches can find themselves dealing with. He trying to get that three pointer out of you brother trying to, But they had, yeah, just, but they called 'em and said, Hey, they said Mr. Sharp, he said, you can't, if you keep tickling the kid, you can't coach 'em no more.


But that was it. There wasn't like a lawsuit or anything. It was just more, you know, stern activity. Don't do it, don't do it like that. But we had, I mean, I don't, I don't fucking know, man. What was that? What were we talking about? Oh, Jap swimming people. Swimming, man. Yeah. I never, I, I think I just get too nervous in water. I just, I know. It's too powerful. That's what I know. Yeah, I know. It's way more powerful than I am, man. Yeah. But it's so funny. You like, yeah. 'cause I could see you, man. I think sometimes if I think about you, I think about you. Like, I could see you having like a show at a sea world or something like that, you know, like, you know what I'm saying?


Mad like a the am cat. No, I, it'll be a one night only, but still, because I'm letting all the, I'm letting everybody out. Are you free, bro? Like, this is wrong. You free, like, I'm black. I'm not going to stand here in front of a prison and do a show. You freeing all the black fish on everything. All the fish, Every fish in the ocean, bro. Free Nemo, bro. Till it backwards, Man. I don't know what happened yesterday. Everyone's gone. Dude. If they had one, if they had one night though. Yeah. I'm talking a a five, $320 ticket.


It's a pricey ticket, but it's a why nine? Only Katt Williams and the Whales baby. Right. Cat fish. I got you People I got. It'd be unprecedented, man. You know? Indeed, indeed. It Would, would, it would be unprecedented. People would love it, man. I think people are loving the fact that you're sharing new stories. Thanks, man. Right? Yeah. I like, I, I So get back to the guy in his big bathtub. Oh yeah. Roy was his name, right Roy. And he ended up in the military, but at the time, nobody knew that, you know, we were just children and he was, and he got a whistle or something.


Somebody bought him a whistle. And so he would, he would just have us like do these, like little games or whatever, you know? And, and So I don't know if I, I don't know if kids were violent during that or sometimes people would be aggressive or something. But I, I think maybe that made me nervous about water. My sister drowned, almost drowned one time. I thought she did drown. She didn't, but she almost drowned once. So I think just stuff like that. We would go swim in a river and there weren't a lot of lifeguards. So I think that's super scary because, you know, you get caught with a current or something. It's just real. It can be a lot. You know? Which river? The river we were had, I think it was probably part of the futa, like a little tributary of it.


Dirty water. Yeah. That's scary too. Yeah. Yeah. So just that kind of atmosphere, I guess maybe. I'm trying to think of what made me so scary. And you know what? I don't know if I knew how to swim that great. Yeah. To funk the river. I don't know if I knew how to swim that great, to be honest with you. But yeah, I, I, I, I think yeah, people could, I would love to see you do a water show of some sort one day. Who ventured out to that sort of thing? I, I appreciate the fact that you are giving me ideas of things that are unprecedented. Yeah, it'd be really cool, man. Nobody else has a water show.


I love it.


This episode is sponsored by I PrizePicks. Do you love firing on sports? Pew, pew? Well, PrizePicks is the best daily fantasy sports app for you. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed you can fire on all your favorite sports like the N-B-A-N-F-L-U-F-C and many more. Instead of choosing teams, you choose individual players. Each player has a set projection and you either choose more or less than that set projection. That's what I like about it. That's what makes it so unique. For example, if you think Patrick Mahomes is gonna throw for more than 17 completions, you'd pick more. If you think Jalen Hertz is gonna launch more than 22 comps, you'd pick more. If you're smart with sports and you know what players are gonna perform on what nights, PrizePicks is the best app for you with the Super Bowl on the horizon, now is the time to get in on PrizePicks. On top of the play. $5, get $50 offer for all new users with code. Theo, the PrizePicks group will also have a free pick live for the Super Bowl. That's right. Get a free pick that you can add to your lineup. Now's the best time to get in. Use that promo code, Theo, and cash in those free picks on top of that. Thank you, PrizePicks.


If you love Bitcoin or you're Looking to get into crypto, then I've got the right thing for you. I've got what you need. It's Moonpay. That's what I'm introducing you to. It's the easy way to buy or sell crypto using the payment methods you already feel comfortable with. Credit card, debit, PayPal, and even Venmo. Crypto's been on a tear. And if you're thinking about diving into that digital treasure chest moon, PA's got your back. Moonpay isn't just another player. They've got the experience to make buying crypto as smooth as a freshly paved road. Thank you, Moonpay. I've had my ups and downs with crypto. Once I got so hooked, I was checking prices more and just, I couldn't even feed my damn baby. I was just too busy checking prices and charts. I sold it all a few times, but like a boomerang, I'm back. Thanks to Moonpay. Using Moonpay app is simpler than a one string guitar, and it's available on iPhone and Android, so you can always have Moonpay in your pocket. So if you're Looking to get into crypto, there's no better place than Moonpay. Head over to Moonpay dot com slash t or you can access them in any of your favorite crypto wallets, such as Exodus, phantom meta mask, or Trust Wallet. This is not financial advice. I wanna remind you. Trading crypto carries risks and you could lose your investment. Moonpay is here to facilitate. Just like I am not to advise anywhere worth going is worth going in. Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas Kovas crafts quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers born in Texas in 2015, Kovas makes it easy for anyone to find their perfect boot. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. Now I'll say that Kovas sent me a pair and I'm enjoying them. I like the width of the actual foot. It's not, you know, I had me, another pair needs too narrow, my feet get all nervous and they're all tight. All just like they're just into a, in a very small parking spot, but not with them. Tecovas baby, that's really my foot feels perfectly settled right now. You can get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash TE when you sign up for email and texts. That's 10% off at TC vs.com/theo kovas.com/theo. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes west.


Were you affected by the fires? Ka Do y'all have any damage? I, I felt, I felt like everybody that I, everybody in my work life lived in the Palisades. My, yeah, it, it's, it's massive gut punch. Just the, the lives and economies of people that have been destroyed. But this is how life, this is how life operates, you know, it's, it's very humbling to, for there to be thousands of homeless millionaires, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. It's so surprising, man. I Had Hadda friend, I was talking to him. He said, Hey, do you want me to go to your apartment and get your, I got a Jeep Cherokee outta here, so you want me go get it. Case of winds change it. And, and I said, ah, I think it's gonna be okay. And I said, what are you doing? He is like, I'm going to an audition. And it was just so wild that you had places that were completely disappear off the earth. Right? And then you have a guy who's going to an audition at the same time. You know, just that there's so many things happening at once in this. It's like, part of it is so affected and some of it is unaffected, you know, kind of just was a dichotomy.


Yeah. I feel that way every time I watch international news. You know what I mean? Just to, if you watch another country's news and see all of the stuff that they're going through that we never hear about Yeah. Or know about or Yeah. It's, it's crazy. LA is just so massive of a city, you know? Yeah. It's like a state almost in a way. Right? Like LA is like a collection of 100 cities, you know, that make this That's a good point. Ever thought about it like that With Hollywood and his Encino and Beverly Hills and all Compton Gardena and Inglewood and Torrance, Hawthorne and Torrance and the city of Manchester.


And all of these places are fingers and lamp pieces of the body that is la. So there's No way for six or seven of those parts to be going through pain and the body to be okay. But by the same token, it has to be, you know what I mean? Like, if you break your finger, the rest of your fingers still got work to do. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like Yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah.


Mine, yeah. Sometimes I think about what it would be like, like if I were like another ethnicity. You know, you ever imagine like that? Like if you was an Asian guy, Like If you could handle it. No, I, You ever had dreams like that where you're Asian? I'm not sure if you have those when you're black. Like I am saying, I, I, I was born black, So I was born a superior being a superb specimen, if you will, as far as human creations are concerned.


So I, I never wanted to be anything other than that. I wanted to know how other people felt. So I didn't. But you never like thought I want to be That. No. Yeah. No. I, but, but, but maybe some of that is because I didn't think that was possible. Like, I, like Yeah. Like, I, I didn't, I didn't see it from a negative perspective. I, I saw it from a positive perspective.


Right. You know what I mean? Like, like I'm in the driver's seat. I don't, yeah. It'd be cool to be a passenger, but I'm, I like the seat I'm in. That makes sense. Yeah. I didn't think that, I didn't think that Chinese people were having more fun or doing Yeah. Better things or I thought they were doing different things and Yeah. They're doing fine. Yeah. And I was interested in knowing what those were, but it never dawned on me that they might be better. Yeah. You know what I mean? Right. And I, I had, I had white friends that were admirable, but I, I didn't imagine being white and I didn't think that they imagined being black, I guess either.


But you have a great imagination, which is what makes you world class. You know, like, you have to have that. 'cause I, I heard you tell the story of, you know, I know the stories. Yeah. I think, 'cause I think about that a lot, I guess, of what it would be like to be different ethnicities if I could handle it. You know, if I would think it was fun. I don't think that you would be as different from yourself as you Are as a white guy, As you imagine that you would be. Oh, you would just be kind of the same, but just in different shape. Right. Right. What I'm saying is I don't, I don't think that you, you, because You think the thoughts and all are kind of the same, then you think like that's A, I'm almost certain, I'm almost certain that you as a black guy are also not the norm.


You're not. Yeah. You're, I could do it. I think, Man, kind of a singular Yeah, you can. You can. I I would like, you know, if I, they ever, I don't know what I'm saying. I'm, I'm trying to culture vulture, whatever. But I would like, if they ever give you, if they do, you know, if they let people, if I get to do reincarnation, I would put in an application. I know that. Okay. So let's, let's work this out. Let's work this out. Because if reincarnation is real, you have some say in it. Right? That's right. 'cause you probably get to apply or talk to the manager. I'm saying there's nobody else's opinion that will be more valued than yours.


Right. So let's decide. Yeah. So, so where are you coming back? What do you want to, what do you wanna try first? I would Ethnicity you mean Don't go right to black. Okay. I won't. I'll wait. I'll wait. Yeah. I'll wait at least a round or whatever. I will do. I don't know if I would. I do a, I don't Asian seems so. It feels like you could do it feels easy to do. Kind of. I hate to say that. It just seems Yeah, That's Racist. Sorry. No, it's Okay. Okay. Yes, I said it. Asian people. Oh, I would be Mexican. Seems Mexican seems cool.


It's, you're kind of almost a, you're like a little black or whatever. Right. But you're also, you're Just Right. What was his name that that came in your school? You Oh, Nuh No. The first Mexican. No, The kid, the first Mexican that we ever had in our School. Not Constantino. No. Nicholas. Nicholas. Yeah. Right, right. So you at least have some experience. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know how you could show up, you know, and you could be a hero and Yeah. Not get ahead of yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I would go easy into it. I wouldn't let anybody know that I was, had been there, that I was, it was my first time.


You know, I think you'd have to be, 'cause sometimes I believe you have first times as a human, even like, you meet some people and it's like, oh, this is, this person's first time being a human, the soul. Like, this is Right. Right. This is a damn newborn. You know? Right. And then you meet some people, you're like, damn, this person is a sense. Say this person has been, They've been here before. They've Been here before. Right. But yeah, I wouldn't go do black first Man. I wouldn't, yeah. I would definitely yeah. Keep that for like a, or I would. Yeah. I would try. I would be, I would be honored to do it if they let me do it. That's how, what I would say, I, I don't, I don't speak for the entire delegation, but I, And I would do my best, man.


We, we would be, that's, I again, as, as a black guy, we would be honored to have you come through, apply our path. And the only reason I said don't do it first is just because there are certain things that go along with it that you just don't know how you will handle it. You know? Yeah. Until you got the dick of a horse and then you just gotta figure this thing out. Like, Fuck Yeah. Oh yeah. You got a parallel park. Even probably tougher, You know, everything is different. A little bit different, I'm sure. But yeah, it'd be, yeah. I don't know if I'd go if, yeah. I would like to, if especially if I got to bring a friend, I would definitely do it, man.


I fucking, You don't get to bring a friend. You make new friends with each of the, you see what I'm saying? Like Yeah. Oh, I know. See, I want to just some safety, you know, same reason I'm, I don't wanna be be in the water, you know, it's just that when I feel risk, it makes me, I think it makes me feel nervous, you know? Right. But nervousness was created for that. That's nervousness is a good thing. You're, you're supposed to feel that, but that doesn't dictate whether you continue. And, and, and if you can get ahold of that, understanding that nervousness doesn't mean stop the yellow light doesn't mean stop.


The yellow light means be cautious. Right. And so when you feel those nerves, understand those nerves mean Okay. Don't fuck around, but you can still enjoy. Yeah. Yeah. So we're gonna get you closer to the water in 2025. And we're going to deal with some of these ethnic Blockages. Maybe. I don't think they're blockages. You're very open-minded. Yeah. Thanks man. Yeah. They're not blockages. Yeah. Just, Yeah. You're not dealing with blockage. You're dealing with uncertainty as to who you are in the universe and whether or not you belong in the places you feel like you.


Man, that's interesting. That is kind of how I feel. Yeah. 'cause I'm always thinking of what this other thing would be like, kinda. Right, right. Because, you know, I never thought, I never really thought about it like that. I don't believe this is your home planet. You know? Do you believe that most of the people here that are living right now, that this is their home planet? No. No. So you feel like it's more that we're a, we, you feel like we're maybe a species from somewhere else that's been kind of, that landed here or that got All of the religions tell the same story and all of the stories are started up there and then end up down here and then continue.


And there's a reason for that, I believe. Do you feel like this is like a place we're supposed to learn something? Do you feel like it's a place that we're kind of just spending time And experience Hmm. A destination. You and I are at an age where we remember when the video game experience wasn't what it is now. It was still a game like Monopoly or something. Yeah. You know where it is now. It's a whole different universe that you can live inside from your Xbox or your PlayStation.


And in Call of Duty, you're an actual soldier and you get killed and deaths and eliminations. And when you then cross over to the PGA game, you have your actual golfer that looks like you and has the name you gave him. And he's really gonna go out there and do this 18 on whistling straight and, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. Then I go and get in my podium one sim racer, and I pick the car of my choice and I'm an actual racer so that those experiences located in that console, that's this experience here on earth that we are all able to share.


And that's what would make that reincarnation possible. It just means, oh, yesterday I played that game and today I'm logging in this experience. And so Yeah. Certainly a, a universal college, if you will. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes I forget, I get caught up in the minutia of things, you know, and I forget to kind of have this bigger breath of like, this is an experience. Yeah. It's not a sentence, An experience in which you're winning. Right. And an experience in which you're in a better position than others who have been in this same, you are excelling in a, in a life in which you very well could have turned out to be nothing.


Yeah. Or another statistic, or just another forgotten body in a ditch. And tho those were the hazards. Right? Yeah. And you theon made it through all of that and negated all of those horrific possibilities and are here in this position the best you've ever been. You know? And those are the facts. And if we tell ourselves more of the facts in our head, then we don't hear so much negative, you know, If we try and just focus on telling ourselves the facts Yeah.


Of our, of our, of how good we're doing. Like we're much too hard on ourselves. Oh Yeah. Yeah. You know, I feel that all the time, man. Yeah. I feel like, I don't know any other way to be, almost sometimes like, not in a bad way, but yeah, I feel like it's, it's this constant sentence, you know, like you've gotta, I feel like there's always been this to-do list that I don't even make. Right. And it's just always been there. Does that make any sense to you? Yeah. That's how I feel all the time. Right. Like, Whew, I gotta do, you know, I still have to prove it, you know, a constant of a, of proving This. All winners have that disease. It's self inflicted.


It's for you, it's you doing that. And there's nothing wrong with that. Harsh management. It's what gets you to the point that you're at. But if you have animals, you know that a relationship doesn't do good with just control words. Just sit and stay. And there needs to be a connection fostered and treats are the best thing for learning, you know?


And so treat yourself with those type of things as well. Like, don't forget to remind yourself of all of the people that you tell stories about. And the fact that that was it for them. That little piece of the story you told, like they didn't get better. Like they didn't then change some stuff and go like, yeah, yeah, you did. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel like, who was like a role model when you were growing up? Do you, where do you think you got some of your own influences from?


Do you think it was from people like actually humans in the world? Or do you feel like you had kind of like divine thoughts that came into your head? Or guidance? Like where did that kind of stuff affect you? Like when you were younger? Do you feel like I I got it all from books. Like, like I got it all from books. Like, Who you smoking Ka sir Brother, You smoke it. If it's not pot, I can smoke it. Right. He said if it's not pot, I can smoke it. Yeah. It's for certain pot. Oh it is? Yes. Oh, damn mother. Yeah. Yeah. Yay. Yeah. Sorry. If you needed a cigarette, you could have one.


Yeah. I might have a cigarette with you man. Sure. What you're getting ready to have is not even available in this place that we live in. I mean, what California la? Yeah. Oh, they don't have Newports here. Yeah. They're not allowed to do. Wow. Menthols. So racist. Yeah. It's weird. You can burn down a whole town, but you can't have a Newport. Right. Right. And your blackness begins. Yeah.


Yes sir. Sorry, what that is. I Love that a lot. Yes sir. We Had Hadda cool black kids growing up in our area, Bro. Right, right. Your basketball team pitch is just so wonderful. Oh, Thanks man. Cal Jackson on there. Don Galatis, he Had Hadda Child Number 34 of our basketball pitcher. We Had Hadda. Lot of good kids in there, man. Right. Shout out James Gray. His dad ran a car, a tire place. He was in there. There's Vincent. He got all the ladies. Vincent dude and Johnny.


That's big Johnny. He was damn 11 feet tall baby. He had birds living on his shoulders, baby. He was up there. Look, We Had Hadda, lot of cool kids in our area. The, that's how we know everything is perception for you. You know what I mean? Because you gave two whole different sizes for two niggas. That's the same size You Can see, you can see that the same size in the picture. He doesn't let that change his story. One of them was seven foot seven, he was bigger than all the trees. The other one was six foot one. Here they are together. But Johnny was so tall, he had windows on the side of his head.


Man. He was tall, man. He was No, you were kneeling down. Yeah. Countless Stories. Yeah. I That's true. You're right. I was kneeling down, Man. Yeah. But these, these experience, like no matter what, like that dude number 34, like we want to hear his stories. Yeah. Like we know he's got stories and we wanna know if he'll tell the stories. And the fact that that's what you do is why. Well, thanks man. Thanks for, thanks for the nice words. I appreciate it. You do a great job too, man. Thank you for all the joy over the years. Hmm.


You just bought a military base, is that right? Yeah, formerly Fort McClellan. Fort McClellan. And was it an active base till recently or I think it decommissioned in 1999. What's it like over there? Magnificent. Magnificent. It's gonna be one of the greatest things that I personally have ever done. But it's, this is it. That's the front side of the beginning of the campus, which is 30 buildings.


Wow. 3 million indoor square feet, four and a half miles of roads. Like, you know, we got the, we got the best parts of the base. They had chemical testing and stuff. We don't have those parts of the base. That's the Department of Homeland Security. But yeah, we just have a wonderful blessed base at the foothills of the mountains. And it, it's really magical. And I was able to see what Tyler Perry was able to do with two or 300 acres and a military base.


How Yeah. It's amazing. And how you could make a movie studio out of that. And so yeah, we're, yeah, I, It's Unbelievable. It hit the news recently, but I purchased it years, a couple years back. Yeah. I've had it. So we've been working. Was that a tough step to like take that, like, okay, we can get this and we can do this. Like, did you reach out to Tyler Perry? 'cause I know he has, like in Atlanta, he has an amazing space. Oh yeah. He may have many spaces now. This was three years ago. I went to a space there to train for something and they were, it was unbelievable.


No, no, no. I wasn't, I wasn't looking dinner now for assistance. Like we, we, we, we can do this. I just needed to be able to have a home where great movies and entertainment product could be made without any of the shenanigans that are generally involved with Hollywood. And be able to crank 'em out and that all it needs to do is be good. If it's good, we're gonna make it. And so, even though it might've appeared from interviews of me that, you know, this guy just loves tearing people apart, really, you know, we're trying to create something where it can provide a platform for a, a lot of people to show what they do.


So Yeah. So it would be a place where you could make other people's kind of dreams come true. Like with film, television, that sort of Thing. Right, right. Where you can just basically have a great script and a great cast and leave your troubles at the door and walk out with the movie Hell yeah. In the can. You know what I mean? Like I like that. I like that. Doing things your yourself. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because they'll, they'll let the comedy movie industry die if we allow it, you know what I mean?


And nobody in the fan base ever said, Hey, we don't want any more funny movies. Yeah. Nobody said that. None of the fans ever were like, Hey, we're tired of laughing in the movies. Yeah. Boo to the Co No one ever said that. They just decided, you know, we make more money in the superhero action department, let's just do all those. Yeah. You know what I mean? And So I, it'll just take for somebody in the comedy sphere to start producing funny shit. And there we go again. Do you already have projects kind of on tap?


Yeah, we got a slate. Well, I'm not allowed to really answer that question, but Yeah, like it's a great, it's a great location where it is, you know, like it's an hour and a half from Atlanta or less. It's 45 minutes from Birmingham, you know, and I, I love that area and they're so thirsty to be involved, you know? Yeah. That we have equal thirst, so everybody wants it to work and so it will. Yeah. Amen. Dude, that's exciting, huh? It Is.


It is. Will you have your kind of, your hand in on most of the projects kind of like, or is that a weird Question? That's kind of, it's kind of, it's kind of not necessary for how, For how it's set up. It's set up in much of the way the grocery store is set up. So my job is just to make sure that all of the food that we sell in this grocery store belongs in this grocery store. You see what I'm saying? Is it a good quality? Oh, we'll get it in there. The people will wanna see that. Yeah. They'd love that.


Yeah. The cherry plums. Yeah. They'd love that. You know, and once that is, once that barrier is crossed, then we're just trying to make the best project for you and to make your smaller budget be able to compete with the larger budgets. Yeah. 'cause comedy don't need the really big budget either. No. It just needs to be funny. Yeah. It needs to be funny. But it also, it also can't be under budgeted though. See, it can't, it's Gotta be professional. Yeah. It, it, it, it can look cheap regardless, which means it can't be, you know, and that goes to the equipment and to the lighting.


And that's why you need hundreds of acres of space to be able to have all of what we're having. Like they're, they're building an amphitheater and you know, we have sound stages and a whole auditorium and, you know, hell yeah. Like, yeah. It's, that's, That's Pretty nice. Instead of seeing if you have the cards that's owning the deck, really, you know, like instead of waiting to get dealt the cards, that's like saying we're gonna have, we're gonna, you're just saying you're gonna have, you're gonna make sure that things can happen. It's like you having a podcast, it's like, it's almost a no brainer.


Like it makes sense. Yeah. You know? Yeah. It's something, you know, you can pull off it. It's, it's something that you know you're invested in. It's something you know you do well, you know, and so yeah, it's that part.


Hey there, this episode's coming at you courtesy of blinds.com window treatments. They ain't just about keeping your nosy neighbor Todd from peeking in while you eat your cereal shirtless. Hmm. Now man, the right window treatments could actually save you some cheddar on those energy bills. That's right. Less sweat, more cash in your pocket. But here's the rub. Getting him the old fashioned way. What a nightmare. Some dude shows up at your house with a vibe you don't trust. Throwing out quotes that sound like he's trying to fund his kids' private school. It's like, come ain me. Well blinds.com flipped the script. No weird home visits, no pushy salespeople. Instead they got these virtual consultations with design experts who can help anytime, anywhere. So here's the deal. Head on over to blinds.com right now to unlock an exclusive discount. That's right. They're hooking up our listeners with $50 off purchases of $500 or more with code theo at checkout. Don't sleep on this deal. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply. You know the drill blinds.com baby. They're changing the window game one shade at a time.


You know that Valentine's Day is closing in quicker than a box of discount candy canes after Christmas. Let's be honest, we've all been there rocking a five o'clock shadow at noon looking like we're auditioning to be that scruffy sidekick in a rom-com. Nobody remembers. Not this year. That's right. This video is sponsored by Manscaped, the brand trusted by over 11 million men worldwide for their tremors, hygiene, and shower formulations and premium boxers. Whether you're a first time tremor or a grooming guru, the handyman in the special edition Rocket Man colorway from Manscaped is the secret weapon you need in your grooming arsenal. Set your sights on a legendary smoothness this Valentine's Day and lift off with the handyman rocket man today. Use my promo code, Theo, and you'll get 20% off and free international shipping at checkout. That's 20% off. Plus free international shipping with promo code THE o@manscaped.com. Happy Valentine's Day Day.


What? Are you married or not, Kat? I have wives, but no. Yeah, Yeah. I'm a happy, happy man. Yeah. Sometimes I thought, I've been thinking a lot about getting married, but I don't know if sometimes it's like an outside pressure that I feel, or if it's just like something, I would like to have that family, you know, like that, you know, I think you, you always have like an idea of what a family is, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So sometimes I feel like that's something I want to try to make happen.


You know? It seemed like it would be a real challenge. I was scared of marriage, but I, I was scared of divorce. Like, my, my parents didn't get divorced. My parents are still together. Oh, wow. Like, So I, I never, I always felt like you only do this one time, you know? And I was always more happy of the bullets I had dodged, and the people that, whoa, I thought I, I could have, I would've married her like I was ready to marry, you know what I mean? And then Yeah. Then you see em years later and you're like, oh, Right. You're like, oh my God. So yeah.


Happiness is what I'm after. Not titles or idealistic situations. Like, I just want to provide happiness and be provided that as well. And if you can get that situation, regardless of what it's called, that's gonna be Nice. Yeah. Maybe I get too stuck on the Yeah. Maybe I sometimes do get too, like, feeling like I have to fill in the blanks as opposed to what do I really want to create? Right. You know, like, or being like, what, what if I didn't get married? What would people think? You know? Sometimes I'll get that stuck in my head, you know?


Yeah. But I guess it's normal, but Yeah. Like, I, yeah. I, like, I, I don't, I would hate to be put in a situation where I have to cheat on somebody, you know what I mean? Yeah. And I kind of feel like, what was the point? Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna set myself up for That's a good point, too. I don't wanna set myself up for a, a situation that would be uncomfortable for me, or I would hurt somebody else's feelings either. Right. Yeah. That's something I would not enjoy. But remember, as you, in your next life, you know, you got a black woman coming, so things are gonna change.


Oh, Lordy. Things are gonna change. It's gonna be something. It's gonna be something God. Right. I'm, yeah. I'm gonna, have You experienced a black woman? Yeah, pretty much. I, I mean, I haven't dated just a black Lady. She, she wasn't, she wasn't our best representative. No. No. I mean, there's a cute black lady I met at the airport that I would, that if I see her again, I would, I would, I think I would try to ask her out, but I haven't seen her again. But, but I would be open to dating a cool, cool black lady. Hold on. You know? Hold on. Let's talk specifically. Okay. About this one you're talking about.


Yeah. She just looked like really confident and nice smile and pretty eyes. And I was like, man, there's just something about her. Okay. All right. And, and she was where That I admired. She was working at the airport. Working at the airport. That's So, she was a worker. She liked to work. She doesn't mind wor, Hey, hey, they're beautiful. What, which airport was this? This was at LAX. You bet it was. Yeah. Yeah. So she was TSA approved too, you know, so, Right, right. So yeah, if I see her again, I would try to No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're seeing her again. Okay. We're seeing her again. Because you have this feeling already.


You're only saying it like, well, you never know. I might not see. You're going to see her again. Absolutely. Because we Yeah. You're gonna ask her how beautiful. Fantastic. Oh, she might, no, she's not watching. She might be watching, I don't know. She might be watching. Do you do that? You put things like into, do you like, do that, like speak things into existence type of thing? I'm not powerful enough to do that, but I don't ignore things that I see in existence. So what I'm saying is, I am not going to ignore the fact that you're not saying abstract.


You know, if I saw a black woman that did something for me, I'd, I'd ask her. No, you, you actively saw one. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And this is recent. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. And, and, and it's going to be life changing. Yeah. Yeah. Are black women a lot different, do you think? Y yes. Yes. Like, okay. Yes. Like, you know, black guys, right? Yeah. Yeah. Black women are nothing like black guys. Like, like, I, I don't wanna put so much pressure on this lady at the, at the airport, but, but she, she doesn't know we've had this conversation.


No, no. She doesn't. Magnificent creatures. Okay. In slavery, black women were appreciated. You understand how difficult that is. Yeah. That's some hard shit to pull off. Yeah. I hate you guys, but not all of you. Some of you are wonderful, precious beings. Yeah. Yeah. That's, black women are almost unreal.


Only because what it is that they possess, they don't, it's not on purpose. Like, you know, how we feel about people on the spectrum. Like, Oh yeah, they're magic. Right. The reverence that you and I have for that community. Right. You're going to feel that with black women. Wow. Like, they're really where the word nurture comes from, from, you know what I mean? Like, the ability to give you something as a man that you never had before or felt before, and make it comfortable for you to access that.


Like no, really? Yeah. Really life changing. Yeah, man. 'cause I, yeah, that, that, yeah. This could be part of my 2025, man. It is. It clearly is. Right, right, right. We've said it, here we Are. We've said it. Yeah. Yeah. You Had Hadda lot of last year. You seemed like you Had Hadda lot of predictions last year. You kind of became this oracle last year. Did you feel that, that people came to you? They almost, you almost became kinda like this, like a little bit of like a crystal ball, you know? Hmm. I, I'm, I'm honored to get to say the things that I say when I'm saying them, and because you know that I operate from a positive first standpoint in all things.


Like, I assume that it's going to work out for the best. And I understand that if it is for the worst, then I'm prepared to handle that as well. But yeah, it was something, Did you start to worry any about your own safety and stuff? Because it seemed like you really had some moments where you're kind of, you know, almost channeling truths into the world.


And some people don't like that. You know, some people don't wanna, I mean, the dark side of things doesn't really probably enjoy that. Well, what it was that I was attempting to do was impossible. So before I do this interview, there is no illuminati. It's just a joke. It's just something that crazy people talk about. There's no such thing as our side and God's side. None of that is even real. I gotta come and make it real. I have to come and say, no, no, no, no. Everybody's not the same there. So that's why when I said that, nobody came out and went, that's not true.


I'm on God's side. Like, none of them, I, I, I'm just, the conversation was to show that there are spiritual things going on in the world. Yeah. And that there are things that are bigger than just coincidence. And that a ritual is something that you do over and over and over again a certain way. You see what I'm saying? If part of the ritual is wearing a dress, then we should be able to look through entertainment and see all of these people being made to wear a dress.


That's what a ritual is. You know what I mean? Like, whether they're white or black, that doesn't matter. It, it, there's, there's not other jobs where this is a requirement. Why is this? Yeah. Why is this so necessary? Yeah. You don't see the dog catcher show up every, you know, every other year. Like, it's not A thing in a nice skirt, or you don't see an electrician. Right. So come Up in a blouse every now and then. Right. I I'm saying a lot of people that doubt what you say, don't read, and they haven't been readers, you know what I mean? Like, books were my life, literally.


I, I thought that I could learn enough information to be an important person. You know what I mean? So, I'm, I'm actively trying to eat information. Like, Do you have a favorite book? No, no, no, no, no. Like, even when I said how many books I read, like people are thinking maybe I'm reading 900 page. No, no, no. I'm reading 150, 200 page books, and I'm reading as many of them as I can, because I'm trying to earn these pizza parties and these other weekly reader Things That exist.


My parents don't even celebrate holidays. I gotta give my own gifts, bitch. I'm fitting to read myself into the, Into a t-shirt and a personal paying piece. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So, so, So I got those books, and then I got the ones I'm trying to learn from. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And those are separate. But what was your question? Do you have a first book that you remember reading? Like, or one that got read to you when you were a kid or something that you really liked? Like a, like a book that set it off for you that was like, oh, I, I read the Bible first. That's 66 books.


So, so yeah. It kind of was my starting point in book reading. But it, it's a, it's not set up like a book technically. It's very disjointed. Right? Oh, yeah. So I found that everything else I read was a easy read, you know what I mean? Like, I, I loved reading all of the classics because I felt like I was literally in this story, you know what I mean? And I could read multiple books at once. And, you know, I I, I was completely enthralled with reading.


Oh, yeah. Yeah. Just the idea of being able to take myself into a different place, you know, it was like, and, and it really, I mean, words would really just fuel for your imagination. It's like, that's how you would get your head going, you know? Right. But I didn't, I didn't want to use my imagination. I wanted this imagination. You see What I'm saying? Oh, you wanted the information. I wanted to know what Huckleberry Finn, and I wanted to know what they were doing. Like, you know what I mean? Like, I wanted the adventures, you know what I mean? Like, I was reading everything Nancy Drew mysteries, like every, like, anything I could get my hands on the Hardy Boys.


Like, I'm, I'm reading that. And yeah. So, so many different stories that you get, you start understanding what it takes to, for someone to be a winner in life. Mm. You know, and you find out from reading thousands of books that if you can list the fucked up things that have happened in your life, and you can put that on a list, and you've somehow made it past all of this, to be in a position where you can still go, make some stuff happen.


That's what you have in common with every hero of every story, of every autobiography, of every Wow. Is that, yeah. Is how much happened to you that should have broke you, that did not break you, so that you were able to then Fucking ride. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Did, did y'all, yeah, I'm trying to think of some of my favorite books. When I was a kid, I don't even remember when I was young, where the Red Fern girl, we Had Hadda read all kind of shit. They Had Hadda one book that kept killing this dog in it.


I felt so bad For him. How many times can you kill a dog? I mean, they kept, that thing was fucking really dead. I don't remember that. I don't know who wrote that bitch, but I think Stephen King wrote it, but, oh, That bitch Was dead, bro. After the second chapter, I said, this bitch is dead. I think I only, I think I only read one book he ever did. Because, like, because I couldn't, I couldn't read his books without going, Hey dude, whoever writes like, this is a demon. Like, and then what? He always had his picture on the back and he looked scary. Like, oh, Uhuh. Yeah.


Yeah. He looked like he owned a bunch of Ravens or something. That dude. Yeah. Everybody. He had one book, then the animals was kept being alive and dead. Edgar Allen Poe was, that was his favorite. He was a gangster. Oh. He Had Hadda so Many women too. Bring up, bring up some of his ladies. He had growling Poe's girlfriend. He Had Hadda flock at the, and you know, I think he used to live in Virginia. You know that Ed gr and Poe click on a couple of his dimes. He had, look at these broads right here. Yeah. Just click on one of 'em. Damn. Edgar Allen Cole right There, baby.


You tell him, oh, shorty won a thug. He Was a clear pedophile. Come on, man. He was a clear pedophile. She looks nine Wrote, And it says she, she, she died when she was 24. She had tuberculosis, boy. But before that, That's how he liked him. That's how he liked him. Boy. Oh shit. Now She's cute. Oh, she, No, come on now. Right there. Friend. S baby. It was his foster mother. Oh, his foster mother. Whatever. Damn, why you fucking helping me out fire? These were supposed to be his, oh, this is his family members.


Hey, Whatever we got. Oh, yeah. Our research department. Now what about right there? Virginia Clem baby. Right? That's a, that's a girlfriend. Right? And that, that was the, I'm saying even today that that's heavy filters. Yeah. That was her looking good at any age, right there, that particular pose. Okay. I admit That you, you Had Hadda be a virgin to show that much next. She was like, no one has ever Yeah. Pretty good. But what about her though? Oh, wow. Let me see. Sarah, Helen Whitman, a professional writer who met Edgar through the literary circles in New York.


Fellatio. Yeah. Oh yeah. Other worldly. That's the original hawk to it. Sarah, Helen Whitman, She'll, she Get those curls going. Right. Oh, you're gonna love it. Bounce, bounce, bounce. Milk it. Sarah milk it. Yeah. Right. She'll slurp you back to Saturn right there, man. Then does a, wait a minute. Why does Zuckerberg come, are they, oh, Geez. I don't know why they brought him up. You think you have Genius here? Oh, yeah. Have the new hair. Yeah. He has a new hair. Sarah, what Do you think about a lot of these? What do you think about a lot of these social media sites controlling how people communicate?


What do you think about that, Mike? You fear that kind of stuff. If it exists, it will be controlled and regulated. That's just a fact. Whatever it is, that's the game. The game is to how quick can we get this new thing controlled and regulated? Right. And we, we are counting on them to provide this platform that we use to communicate on. Right. So, you Know, so it's a trade off Always has been.


I'm I'm saying the, if if, if we understood that the internet itself is a government function, then how much privacy would you expect? Right. Right. At that point, work almost the fools for pretending that we would still have it privacy. Yeah. Right. I'm saying, Do you feel like in Hollywood that there are, you know, I've heard you kind of allude to the fact that there's like kind of darker forces that kind of like, you know, that present opportunities to people in trade off, right?


In trade for their own, maybe their own piece, maybe their own reality, maybe a sacrifice of their actual direction that they want. Do you think that really happens? That kind of stuff? I think everything is controlled and regulated. You think there's ever ways where we can get to the control room and see who's controlling? Or you think that's all We are past that.


We're past that, but we don't protect the whistleblower. Right. We don't honor the scout that would tell us who it is. Matter of fact, when they get him, we're gonna go, oh, I could have told you that was gonna happen. They were telling too much truth. Do you think Hollywood has a lot of things that they like hold against people? You know, like I Had Hadda theory that A lot of this is human nature, Right?


So it's not even Hollywood, it's just human nature. It starts as human nature. Right? Like I'm saying, this is in this, these things that I'm saying in Hollywood exist in religion circles, in politics, in the medical profession, and like Yeah. In any circle of business. Really? Yeah. They Had Hadda, big bus with Puff Diddy where he got arrested, and then they've had like accusations and stuff. He hasn't gone on trial, I don't think yet. But do you think that they, there's been speculation that they did that because they, the timing of that was they wanted to like, use other people that have allegedly been involved in some of his circles to, they wanted to kind of use like, okay, you could be next unless you help this political plan.


Do you think that's at all possible? That's how all cases are handled. Yeah. Right. So what am I saying? I'm saying if it's car theft, and we're going to accuse you of having a carjacking ring, right? We're going to begin by bringing in people that we caught who were robbing cars, who said that you was the boss there first in line. And then we're gonna bring in victims, the people whose cars you stole and said, yeah, that was him. That's how they build a case.


So none of that should be shocking. You don't put it past them. It's part of what an investigation is. But do you feel like they would say to someone, okay, we're gonna bring you in unless Absolutely. That's what they do. Yeah. Yeah. Even like in the rap world, like all of the rappers that, you know, that never been to jail and never, never got in any trouble with the law, but they talk as if their life is opposite of that.


Like, those are federal informants. Like, you know, You think they're really out there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's part of the job is to acquire those. It's like saying, you know, if you're playing chess, do you have any pawns? You have to, don't you? Yeah. You can't start without them. Right? Right. Wow. Right, Man. So how do you know who is That's part of the game. Huh? You don't know. It's part of the game.


Yeah. It kind of makes it exciting too, when you think about it. It can be exciting and depressing. Did you ever do a rap album? Yep. You Did several. I didn't know that. I'm sorry, man. I didn't, I didn't research that. No problem. I didn't put 'em out. Oh, okay. You asked me did I do 'em? Oh yeah. Yeah. Did you have some collabs on him with anybody? Did you have somebody help you produce some stuff? Master P maybe, anything like that? Sure. He would be honored that love all people You name dropped him.


I'm just thinking of somebody from Louisiana, Right? What a blessing. When I was in college, he to, they had, it was like Master P it was like silk, the shocker, like that whole cabal was really, really vibing, right? Yes. So they used to have all, they would all come to LSU and play at the basketball courts. Yeah. And they would have these guys who would stand on the side and hold their clothes. And they were dressed like kind of Native Americans, like, almost like black Indians kind of. And some of 'em would have on like little head dresses and stuff, and they would have 'em all holding their clothes and shoes on the side of the court. It was a vibe, man. Yeah. All, all through that period of time, that whole No Limit empire was really, really magnificent to the fan base.


Like, they really went to places where people wanted to see them and deliver a show like we weren't used to. 'cause there was so many acts. Yeah. They Had Hadda, lot of the whole group, You know what I mean? Like, there was, they Had, they All came together and like, like put on a show that was just unbelievable in all venues. It was extraordinary to watch. Did you ever tour with the, with the rap? Did you ever, because sometimes you'll have like musicians and rappers kind of, or musicians and comedians tour together.


Yeah. You Have. I just didn't know some people like that. Some people Don't. Yeah. I, I have Little Mo on has been on our tour probably for the last three or four years. And The Lady of Rage as well, comes out Music is a wonderful partner. The comedy, you know, and we try to use that. Music and comedy are interspersed in my life. So it's always a part of my set. And yeah, I'm a, I'm a huge music fan.


Are you a instrumentalist? You play anything? No, no, no. I play nothing. And I cannot sing. Can't sing, can't play anything. Which makes me one of the greatest music listeners. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, that's what I like. And I, and I like immerse myself, you know, like, like there's, there's like albums that represent like whole periods of my life, you know what I mean? Like, like that album Counting Crows August and Oh yeah. Everything after Donna New Amsterdam.


Like I know every song, every beat, every word. Like, because where I was at the time in them Pearl Jams. Yeah. 10 That Home Drawn Pys of Mountain Toughs. Yeah. With him on top. Like, you know what I'm saying? Because I was listening to stuff that it made me, me feel like, like they're really singing about me. Oh, yeah. Like How I think or feel some moment. All Of it. Like, yeah. Remember shy, remember that group came out and ever fall, remember them?


I can't sing you either. I Do. You did pretty good. Thank You, bro. Appreciate that. They would be proud. They were good, bro. They Were, they were good. But that was a great time for music. That was of all genres, you know what I mean? Like good music was just good music and Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I remember one of, I'm trying to think of one of the first, oh, I went to a shy green day. You're Gonna make a great black guy. Oh, Yeah. And they had Kevin Campbell remember him, can we ta right for a minute? Tevin Campbell, Girl, I wanna know your name. I'm like, fucking just go talk to her then.


Right. He fucking, No. Like, tell the truth. When we saw him and we heard this all, we were like, Are you sure you wanna talk to her? Yeah. Yeah. You No, no. Wonder you. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. I really Had Hadda different. Right. The sequel. The sequel to that song was a surprise. We'll just say like that, man. The sequel was a surprise. That was a good time though, right? That was a good time. It was a good time.


When was that? That was late nineties, I think. Did you ever get to meet Michael Jackson before? No. I got to meet Prince. You did? Yeah. Did you ever get to go bike riding with him or anything like that? Who's That? Prince. I think bike riding may been the only thing we, yeah. No, no, I don't. He wasn't doing bike riding. He had had an experience. Let's see. So when I meet him, I'm 12, I guess he's 18. 19. Oh, you met him when you were 12. Yeah, I knew him.


I knew him. My whole, I'm saying from 12 till he left, that was like, I knew him the whole time. Like Yeah. He was a magnificent, one of a kind individual. Like I got to, he, he lived different lives. Like he wasn't where we are, and we're talking about how we need to, you know, navigate, reinvent, and, and he was like the master at that, you know what I mean?


Like, he was only going to be this version of his self for a very short amount of time until he had mastered it, and then he was gonna go to something else. Wow. And He always had that energy, huh? Yeah. From that. Yeah. Yeah. He was, yeah. But, but when I met him, he was already a millionaire. And So I, I couldn't initially understood stand what, what kept driving him, you know, because it just seemed to me like he was never happy. Because every time I would see him, he had achieved like 30 new things and at purchased like a hundred new things.


And still yet he was working like he didn't, you know? Yeah. And I probably was just not understanding what work ethic was, you know? But yeah, I learned a lot from That guy. I met Shaq when I was 16. Damn. Where at? You think I know where in Orlando is? Rookie year. Yeah. 'cause he played at LSU man. Yeah. Great guy. Great guy. Be Sha. Yeah, right? Yeah. Dude, if I was that big, I, I couldn't get my big ass outta bed at that size.


Man. It'd be so hard to, you know how hard, because some of it's kind of hard at even a regular size to Get, I don't believe that. Dude. You know how hard it is to get a big old look at it right there. It's So hard to get up when you big. Right. I watch my aunt get up sometime, like, she ain't going to get up, know what I'm talking about. You ever see her somebody and you're like, she ain't get up. That's when, And they figure it Out. When all of the places were catching on fire. That was my first thought was like, nobody on my 600 pound life is gone.


Make it out. Or none of this. Like what? Like Yeah. That shows over, bro. Like, There's a whole portion of the population that can't get up. Yeah. Like, everybody's like, evacuate somebody just shitted the bed. I did, I did evacuate. Oh, Yeah, they evacuated. Did us look the other way. That's, that's their evacuating. Just lean away from the warm Flip the pillow.


Yeah. Yeah. Did you, what did you and Prince do? Did y'all ever go to eat or nothing? Like what did he like to do? He, because he's just, No, no. So like, you know how some people have chefs? Like, he was beyond that. Like he, he wanted, he, he wanted chef, a chef to know what he was preparing. Like, I don't know how to explain it, but like, he wasn't vegan the whole time I knew him. You know, he was just vegan for this portion.


And, but before that, he Had Hadda. Whole different thing. But he was, he would have an Italian chef to make Italian when that's what he was having. And he like to the extreme, He was Extreme. Right? Yeah. So, you know, you, you would get the most beautiful meals around this dude because he, he was a foodie, so, you know. Oh Damn. I'd love to watch him eat a little, eat a little snack or something. Little cre brulee. Little big scoop of ice cream. I'd love to see that. 'cause he was kind of smaller, wasn't he?


I'm big. I'm five. I'm five five. So I You are, it never really factored in. Oh, you bigger Than him, I think. Yeah. But, but I'm saying I wasn't gazing at him while he was eating. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Yeah. We always had enough women around for Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wasn't there in a longing fashion. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Somehow is like a watch, a small person. If they get up against a, like a real hard scoop of ice cream, they fucking can't handle that bitch, you know? No, No. I, I didn't get it. Yeah. Give, rewind that again.


Sorry. Somehow I missed that and I can't accept it. No, I, no, I just, sometimes if somebody, you know, I know like if I get up, if, if it's a real cold scoop of ice cream and it's, it's hard to, you know, get with a spoon or something. I just imagine like a smaller guy battling that, battling that bitch run. Just, I can. Oh, shit. So that's why I Envision I wanted you to acknowledge how funny that, I just wanna envision in my head, prince, you got two or three spoons going on that bit. He going to get in there. He'd have whooped your ass in here. He probably would've. And blessings man, know I Had Hadda pull him off.


He, he, man, he's a purple superhero and he's the king man. I've I In real life. Yeah. And, And I, I, I, yeah, I I'm just joking, prince. If your spirit is here, I'm sure it is Somewhere. It it is indeed. Yeah. And he Had Hadda, great sense of humor. Oh, I saw him stop in, I was in Minneapolis. They used to have this place called, trying To think of the name. And he got more pussy than you did he? Yeah. Oh yeah. Of course he did. What the fuck am I talking about? Yeah. It took me half a second or realize that. Of course he did. Damn boy. Yeah. Well, no, they Had Hadda place though, that he would go perform sometimes on a certain night. It was in Minneapolis.


And a lot of musicians would just show up. And one night he showed up there, man, and it was amazing. It was just random, random people would get together and play. But No, he loved that probably more than anything else. Like, he loved that more than touring. He loved that more than anything is jam sessions. Yeah. And he, he had places all over the globe and he was welcomed at, I'm saying, you talking about a guy that played 26 instruments, you feel what I'm saying? Like Yeah. We're talking about a guy that like most pe he, he, yeah.


If just magical, Huh? If you couldn't learn from what he did, then you just pass learning, you know what I mean? Like, the shit resonates regardless of what it is you're trying to do. Right. And so, yeah, I was blessed to Even be around him, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Just to be able to witness a short, young, black guy, navigate the highest echelons of entertainment and still be holding on to things that he doesn't do and won't do, and still feeling like he needs to look out for other musicians and other artists.


And still trying not to bring shame on his fans or other black people or music lovers or, you know, just a, a wonderful human. You know? That's what you can learn. Shit. Now. I feel bad about making that joke, but I feel okay still. I mean, I feel Yeah, you should. It's okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just joking. Yeah. Yeah. But did, when you were growing up, did you ever have like a tv, like a, like a TV father kind of, you know, like, I had, like, I'm trying to think of like, just trying to think of like, influences that you had when you were young.


Like, I had like, little House on the Prairie was a show I would watch that they had. Michael Landon was on it, and then they had like in the Heat of the Night, I really liked that show. Now wait a minute, I'm trying To, who, who was the father figure or in the Heat of the Night? Oh, Was the black guy your father figure? Who? Virgil Tims. Virgil Di. Yeah. Probably. He was good. I will tell you this. I met his wife at a, or not his wife, but The lady that played as Well. Yes. That's her right there. Virgil. And Sophia was his wife in the show. I think She was way smaller than you thought. Right. She was Very beautiful. And I saw at Breakfast Place and I was like, I cannot go back in there and tell her.


And I did. And it was, she, I think she kind of appreciated it, but it was still pretty awkward, I think. But she's very beautiful. But yeah, I like Tim and Carol O'Connor was in it. Yeah. But in the Heat, I was my heat. Right. That shit was good. I love that. What else did I like? I'm trying to think of a show where I had like a TV dad. Did you have like a TV family or someone that you kinda liked As a black man? I Had Hadda real father. So I, I wasn't looking at TV for the images of a real good black father.


'cause I had one. Yeah. You know what I mean? So for me it was a little interesting just to see how other fathers were portrayed, you know? Yeah. And I, I'm more enjoyed like seeing the dynamics of other families and how things went for them, because that's the only way that I knew. Oh. I don't have that type of upbringing at all. Wow. That's, yeah. Like, yeah. I, I didn't, I didn't even know my mother was supposed to love me.


Like, I didn't know that was, Sorry to laugh about y'all. She's never kissed me in my life. I didn't, I didn't know she was supposed to like me. Like, know what I'm saying? I'm sorry. She made sure I ate, I had clean clothes. It's Yeah, but I'm saying I didn't, You Yeah. It'd been shocking if I, oh, my mom was always working. I, I would be like, mom, tell me you love me. And she'd be like, I gotta move this box over here. That's what she would be like. I'm like, mom, how do you feel about me? She's like, oh, we gotta put all these boxes away. She always had something to do, you know, like if a feeling came up, my mom just couldn't have it, you know?


Right. No job. I love you, mom. I'm just, it's funny now it's funny, Right? But now you can. Yeah. Yeah. It was ridiculous though. Now you, I'm like, mom, how do you feel about it? She's like, we gotta get this car to start. I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about? There's the vacuum. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That was it. That's what I think I, that's what I always was looking for. For Me. But these are the things that guarantee success. That's what I'm telling you. Yeah. It's part of what's on that list. That, you know, you got certain things against you, you're gonna be successful, Right?


Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna be in a position where you can rectify things. You know that you're way more appreciative of love because of that. You are, you're in a position where you can still be loved, you know, by the black lady at the airport. Yeah. 20, 25. My, my little layover lady That's, I'm gonna call it my little layover. I've seen, this is something that I thought, there's only two things that I think that I've seen, and I'm not sure.


One of them was that Santa Claus when I was a kid, that they brought us outside and they Had Hadda, real sleigh go behind the air. It was an airplane that they disguised as a sleigh in our town. The second one is, I thought I saw you riding bikes down Sunset Boulevard. Right. So now the funniest part of all of That True stories, It's because all of your stories are true. Right. But the whole thing is when you are telling this story, we ride by on these bikes with lights on them. Yeah. Like from the future bikes, Circus members. But really, Really, this is a million and a half dollars worth of canam spiders.


Oh damn. Eight of them. 200,000 a piece. Me and Suge going down sunset. Oh yeah. I didn't see those man. I'm sorry. I saw some bitches. Somebody covered them bitches. Katt Williams came by and with a shedlin pony had neon lights on the hooves. Somebody spray painted silly string on the back of us up With a violin, started playing it. Do you? Yeah. I swear to God, I'm standing on the porch. I look over there. Right.


And you had done one of those things where you stand up but keep, you know what I'm saying? It's just, you know, when you're riding down the street, I'm five five, So I do that better than most. Okay. And I said, damn, there he goes, broh. Right. And by the time I got anybody's attention, nobody believed me. So that's why I think it Had Hadda. Lot of that same like when you saw Santa, you know, type of energy. Right. Well I understand. I didn't take away from the myth. I just clarified. Yeah, No, good. Because I thought I was crazy for thinking that. Right. What do you see happening in 2025, Kat? This is where we get to where, like what do you feel like, what do you feel like are things we can look forward to, things we can stay conscious of, kinda bum another cigarette by chance.


Man, you got a on you. Absolutely. Let's do it. Yeah. So let me Get that bitch, get my lungs up. We're already in 2025, aren't we? Yeah. Yeah. So, so You write already? Yeah. See there. So the whole thing is we're not this, this, this thing does not happen in yearly cycles. Like, it's not a every 12 months thing. It's not how it works. So the age of truth is not one year. It's, it's the beginning of people having more of a thirst for what is true than an appetite for lies.


So if you sell lies, it's a harder road for you. If you have truths to tell, people are hungry for that. And they'll pay you handsomely to hear the truth wasn't always that way. It's that way right now in real time. Whatever that means to you. That's the battle that's going on, is people who profit from the manipulation of others by getting you to believe something that's not the case. And that's how they make their living. And it is now a difficult time for those entities.


Do you think that there is actual cloning going on? We have. We know that there's actual cloning going on. The question I believe you're asking is human cloning. Oh, yes sir. But let's start with the real question. The real question is, is cloning going on? Yeah. Yeah, it is. I knew it. Yeah. Well, well I'm saying well's just say animal cloning. Oh yes. Let's start there. That that's not a myth Or No, that's been known. That's not a conspiracy theory. That we are at the point where we have no problem cloning animals.


If you lose a pet, you can send away to these companies and they will, they'll Fucking remix that bitch and send it back. Right, right. Yeah. As close to proximity as you can imagine. Yeah. Right. That we know is possible. Okay. So now Through ViaGen pets, right there. So that's in the animal world. So now in the human world, we know that there are multiple surgeries that we know we can replace this with that all the way up to what's our last achievement is at heart.


The guy passed away with a pig heart, but it worked for, I'm saying, Let me see that, bring up that pig hearted guy right there. Yeah. Two, two people have received a Genetically modified pig heart transplant. David Bennett and Lawrence Fset both were performed in Maryland. So there, there's not The, the evidence is there. Very much left on what it would take as far as abilities go.


So Do you think there's any artists now that you think are not the same artists that we thought they were? If we're only speaking of biology, I've heard that a, a man's G spot is in his anal passage, which means I'm gonna go my whole life without ever experiencing it. Yeah. By the same token, everybody is a reflection of what they gotta go through to get to where they at.


Right. And I just know that the people that have been in positions where they decided to do some stuff that they said they weren't going to do, they don't be the same on the other side. Nothing they can do can make them seem like what you remember them as. Have you Ever I call it spiritual 'cause I don't know what else to call it. Yeah. But yeah. Have you ever faced that in your own life where they, where people try to come at you for offers like that?


Do you think that like stars and get offered that kind of thing? Like to compromise themselves sexually for entertainment? A again, the things that we are discussing exists in each of the fields. Right. Any field. Right. Right. Not entertainment, exclusively politics, religion, science, that everywhere. Right. Some of this is human nature. Right, right. Because we listen and we don't judge.


Were there things that you didn't take in your career that you feel like were like, like are there things to look out for? Do you feel like, Like there there wasn't for me because I knew I wasn't gonna take it, but I did want to get offered. Yeah. You know what I mean? And most of the stuff I wouldn't have believed until I, I Had Hadda get to a certain level to get to see the proof. You know what I mean? So I was as shocked as anybody about how powerful Harvey Weinstein was at the time that I was meeting with him and how I had, how he could not be told no.


That he get whatever he want. You follow what I'm saying? That They'll figure out some way. Right. So I thought that didn't apply to me 'cause I don't care about nothing but bitches in good business. Right. Yeah. And then he offered me two actresses, like they was playing cards and I was like, what? Like he just jumped to the head. Like, He was like, I know you. Damn Right. Like what? Some ACEs. Damn. No. My personal ACEs. Yeah. Did you think about it?


Look, I'm not in these scary situations. I don't even leave it up to me. Like I'm going to do what the superhero would do in this part of the movie regardless and deal with what happens after. Yeah. Just 'cause it's a story and I know it's a story. Right. It's my story. You know what I mean? Ah. So I can't, That's a good way to think about things in general. Yeah. What would the superhero do right now? Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm saying, I, I read about Jesus getting to the mountaintop and the devil saying, you can have all of this.


And him saying, you don't have anything to offer me. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. So that's what I got to look up to. So I'm going to follow suit in the best version I can regardless of anything else. Do you have a comedian that passed away that you really like that you miss a lot? I mean, I know there's been a lot of them, but did you have like a real I was so scary to say I miss so many. Like, Did you have like a brother in comedy? Like, I miss so many. I I What was Bernie Mac like?


Was he a super guy? God, Because I've never seen anybody like him. That's a great place to start. No. The, you never saw anybody like him just because there wasn't anybody like him. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like the things people pretend to do and talk themselves up to be. And he was that already. Yeah. I, I went down to his show when he was taping and they were saying he wasn't feeling good.


And I left there feeling like they're, they're murdering this dude. Like he, He Had Hadda lung problem. Right. And the doctors told him that he just Had Hadda take time away from the show and he could come back when he was okay. Right. And his contract wouldn't let him. Oh Yeah. And they made him work through like Yeah. Yeah. But I, I miss, I miss all of the comedy angels that I came in contact with from, from Charlie Murphy to Heavy DI miss Heavy d John Witherspoon.


Yeah. You know, like we lost some really great comics. I miss Ronaldo Ray. I miss. Yeah. It's been a lot. Bring up a picture of Ronaldo Ray. I am just not familiar with them. Just So I can see what he looks like. Oh yeah. Yeah. Was didn't he, didn't he play in the Cosby Show? Was he the grandfather? He was a brilliant, brilliant individual. Like he, he had multi, multiple master's degrees and was an art collector and a real legendary guy.


Renado. Oh Yeah. What other, What about Bill Cozy? You ever get to meet him or not before he had all the problems? Is being a rapist one of the problems? Okay. Sorry. You said it like Before He got scurvy. Sorry bro. That was, yeah, that wasn't, that was, yeah, I did.


But yeah, what was he like before that? Right, right. I don't know. I don't know. He, He, he Comedically like he has some works comedically that you could put up there in the pantheon of joke telling. Oh yeah. He had so many albums when I was a kid that like our parents would play in the car, stuff like that. Right. And he spent a good portion of his televised career really making black men and black families look really good in a time when that was not a popular thing to do.


None of that supersedes rapist. No. But yeah, I was, I was glad to not be a fan of his just because, you know, Yeah. We liked Richard Pryor and you Had Hadda kinda like, which way are you, are you Richard Pryor Red Fox? Or are you Bill Cosby? Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. That's, that's definitely different then. What else is going On? Please don't have a r Kelly question next. I do not have an r Kelly question. No, no I don't. Did you ever, did you get to go to Bernie Mac's funeral?


Did he have a big funeral? Steve Harvey was at his funeral, So I wouldn't have been there anyway. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. What Else? I'll be able to tell you when you're, when you're black. Okay. Okay. I feel like I'm not doing that good right now on it. You're Doing great. Okay. What do you Mean? Thanks man. Did you get, was it scary for you to be a parent whenever you decided you wanted to be a parent?


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, yeah. That's one of those things where it's only looking back that you realize, oh, I was not anyway qualified for that job. Like, like, you know, but you try so hard, you know, and it means everything. But yeah. It's, it's, it's exciting and, and scary. Like you can't, so you, you, you don't have a, you don't have any kids?


No. I wanna get to, I would like to have some children, but I Just Well, well if you have one child, you're not gonna, you're not gonna have the drug issue to deal with ever again. Really? Yeah. Because it's going to you. You're not, you can't do 'em both. Right. You can't do 'em both. Yeah. And if Yeah, and if you, As soon as you have, and it doesn't, it doesn't matter how you get this child. Okay. The second you become a father and this life is dependent upon you, like you're gonna devote everything to that.


And you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to, because only somebody with your experiences will be able to deal with not being able to sleep for like two months. Yeah. You know what I mean? Just on this baby's schedule that has no schedule except Yeah. It's crazy. Life changing. Doesn't even say the half of it. But you know, you have pets. See, this is the thing. Yeah. Right. I'm gonna get started too. This, this Is what's keeping you able to be in this world is because you've not given yourself a life responsibility.


You see what I'm Saying? I agree. I think that's why I became a community. 'cause I didn't want any responsibilities really. Right, Right. In a lot of ways. Right. I think there's a big part of me that starts to feel like, yeah, I'm missing out. If I don't, I'm, I'm missing out. But I just want to know. I want to have every experience I can, you know? Right, Right. And and you can. Yeah. And this is the vehicle for that. You know what I mean? That's what a coincidence that all your life will line up for you to want to do that. And, and then to meet a girl at the airport that already loves to fly and travel and And make sure I don't have any illegal substances on me too at the same time.


Just 'cause you're not gonna need them. Are you, are you a pet owner? You a big pet owner man. I've heard that you got some animals over there. Yeah, I love the animals. I've heard you got a couple horses, things like that. They're Great. They're great. Yeah. Ducks like I got what I got. How many ducks do you have Cat? Between 19 and 21. I just say that because a couple were there when I first got the place and they never left. Right. So they're there. But everybody else we raised from eggs, you know, that you go down to, what's the name of that place?


Tractor Supply. Oh, tractor Supply. Yeah. You go to Tractor Supply and Oh, and the feed and seed shop. You do the right, you do the incubators. Yeah. So it's beautiful 'cause they're all black. Oh really? Yeah. Good. We need more of that. We need everybody Diversity in the duck world. Oh hell Yeah dog. I'm sick of seeing these fucking swans bro. You know what I'm saying? These rich ass long neck motherfuckers Bro. No, we have geese too, But I'm just saying we need some fucking bangers in there dog. You know, we need some dark ducks in this bitch. Yeah, yeah. Or some bring up a couple of black ducks.


Man, I would love to see those right now. 'cause I'm used to seeing mallards. I've seen for sure, but I've never seen some really good darker ducks. So that's a beautiful one right there. None of these are black ducks. Oh, Sorry. Well get one but no, get one at The bottom. Okay. Yeah, there we go. Oh, There we, that western black duck. That western Black. That's an all black duck. Oh hell yeah. Yeah. But mine are, oh That's fucking mall Mallard Luther King right there, bro. That ain't dark as hell dude. Sorry bro. You wanna make a great black guy Mallard Luther that that could be his name.


That And that is actually a beautiful name for a dog. It For that duck specifically it is Mallard Luther the King. Yes. Do you think, oh, some people think that guys like Martin Luther King were compromised by the cia. Do you ever believe stuff like that? Well this kind of goes back to Like there's a lot of conspiracy theory stuff about that. You know, Somebody says it's a conspiracy, but that doesn't make it the case. Agreed. In both of these cases that we've had these conversations, we are talking about the FBI and the CIA.


So what do you think they do? So maybe we're unclear about what we think these agencies do. So now the question becomes, hey, do you think they'd be doing they job? I do. I do think they'd be doing they job. You mean all through history? Yes. Yes. I think they keep on doing they job. You think they get everybody. I think they get everybody. So again, not conspiracy theory at all.


I'm saying the only way that there could be a FBI file for us to be able to get 30 years after his death is if there's a FBI file. Correct. Right, right, right, Right. Damn Bro. Nobody could trust anybody. And that's the scary part to me sometimes. The Bible said, do not put your trust in men. It's pretty specific. Why? Because everybody can be compromised except you. Yeah.


If you don't believe in God, then it's pretty messed up. 'cause now you only got you to believe in. But if you got you and God, you can believe in both of those. You can, you can. You can have peace then. Do you, have you had times in your life where you struggled having God in your life? Or what's that been like for you? No. Do you have a practice that you use? Kind of to like, like one of my goals this year is to have more God in my life. Right. So for me, I'm just using like more times where I stop and pray. Like even some of those moments of my head will pop in. Like, you should hit your knees right now and pray. And sometimes I just don't do those. I just go and keep doing it about my day.


But now in those hit me, I'm trying to just make sure I do that. You know, just like, 'cause it's like an intuition that I have, you know? Right. Just 'cause I want to have a stronger practice And understand it's, it's the reason that it's special is because only you're gonna know that it's working. Right. There's gonna be no evidence other than the evidence. But you are gonna know that like I, I talked to God five and six times a day.


He has a accurate account of how I'm feeling about everything. How I think things are going, what I feel like I'm doing good at, what I feel like I need help with. These are our conversations. So I don't wonder why stuff gets moved outta my way because I asked for things to be moved out of my way. Like you asked earlier, like, aren't you scared? Like I'm not allowed to scared because I'm not counting on me. Like you can't fuck me up because you're not allowed to fuck me up.


And I've been in enough situations to know that you ain't let me down yet. Like every time I needed his safety, it was there. Yeah. And will be. And the more times you communicate the better the relationship is. And then you'll find that that works with the black girl from the airport too. Like communication is key. Yeah. Oh Lord, man. Right.


Literally. Huh. You perfect when you don't even try. Bam. I've heard you say that you feel like we're about to enter like a golden era. Hmm. What do you mean kind of by that? Like what are, or what feelings do you have about that and what can we look forward to? I was just trying to be super positive at the time.


I wasn't trying to be actually accurate with the question. Okay. The question was asked I think almost on New Year's or something like that, or Christmas, something like that. It was pretty close to the top of the year, So I didn't want to say anything that would make anybody uncomfortable or awkward. But the Bible has a book called Revelations. Right. And it gives you this little metaphorical rundown of how things should go.


Bring it up real quick. Are Revelations, we can get a look at it. There We go. Book of Revelation or Book of the Apocalypse. The final book of the New Testament, right? Correct. So now it talks about the things that will happen in what's called the last days, right before the second coming of Jesus.


Right. Because my whole life I was just trying to figure out like whatever it would take for Jesus to come back. Why aren't all of the people around the world that love Jesus? Why aren't they making sure that happens? Yeah. So he would come back. Yeah. Yeah. Like Santa, they leave milk and cookies. You know what I'm saying? You think we would fucking leave out a couple of Freaking snacks? We're willing to go buy the presents ourselves. Say you delivered them, put some sacred snacks Out for him or something. Right. So, you know, it just tells a story of the little key things that will happen that you can look forward to before things get there.


Right. And so it talks about things like all of the nations will have to come together and make a group called the United Nations, you know, and this was written way back then and we have a United Nations now. Yeah. And it talks about there being wars and reports of wars on in multiple places. And it gives us, gives us a little guideline just to, you know, what may be happening in the future. Like whenever Jesus comes back, I, Where do you think it'll be at?


Well, the Bible is generally pretty specific about places generally. So like, it talks about Armageddon. Right. And there's this actual valley of arm, I'm gonna put mispronounce it, but arm ghetto. But the valley of Armageddon that's supposed to take place, there's this valley that is named after, which really exists. But wherever it is, he's gonna bring it up. But there's probably a war there now.


Right, Right. So here we are, The valley of me Gito, also known as Jezreel Valley, is a large fertile plane in Northern Israel. It's known for its historical, theological, and geographical significance. Oh wow. And there's a lot of war going on right there right now. Correct. So, So TBD huh? What are some of the other animals that you have there? I have heard that you have horses over there. Is that a true, is that true? Cut that You have some horses over there. I want The donkeys. Are the stars over there? You got some donkeys, but yeah, we got a lot of, yeah, we have cows.


Many cows. Those are the best kind. Many cows. And how big are they? Hot belly pick, probably about the right there. A mini cow. Yeah. But bring up a mini cow real quick. I wanna see one of'em. They're beautiful too. I have, my sister has a pic picture of a couple of them at her house. Beautiful. Yeah. If we can find a white one, that'll be like cash if you, That's your name. Cash. Oh, that's cool. Wow. And can, are those milk able? He's a boy, So I don't need, oh Damn. Well, yeah, I noted, Right? Yeah. Oh, look at That. So, you know, the, the blessing, he doesn't, he has no idea.


He's many. Oh, Oh, I See. Yeah. Ours is bigger than that. But I, yeah, The beautiful little one right there. Yeah, they're really fun. And do you name, so that one's named cash. And what other name do you have for these animals? Well, all the animals, all, all the animals have have names except, except animals that might be delicious. Like, like I goat is like my favorite meat, I think. Oh yeah. And so we have quite a few, you know.


And Are you eating goat? Not, Not Billy. He's the king of all the goats. Right, right. But, But you have a little bit of goat. How, how much goat are you have in monthly you think? I Weekly. Oh, okay. Damn. Okay. So cat got him a little bit of money if he having that weekly goat meal, you know that. Boy, I'm accountable, you know? Yes Sir. Yes sir. Goat eat goat. Hey there, goat eat goat. Right. I love that He is making a little money. Sorry, I'm just trying to think. I'm trying to, I think sometimes I was just So, I was so nervous about who you are.


'cause you seem like such a, like, you almost seem like something that came down off of Mount Rushmore to spend time with us today. So I think that's like the, the mystique about you. So I think sometimes I don't know when it's like okay to joke around and stuff, you know, so you just try and figure it out as you go. You know, I, I hope that that is not correct. And you're just saying that because it is always okay to joke around me. No, I appreciate that. I, I definitely feel that for sure. More than other interviews. I am trying to think of what else I want to ask you about. This is the best picture I ever got about it.


Someone said this and they said, this is Katt Williams was talking to Cam Newton, somebody said, Right. And that's what I'm thinking, man. Yeah, because here's the thing, here's the thing. Everything. Yeah, we know that stupid picture of me. Thanks. Appreciate it. Yeah. Gotcha. Oh, I didn't even see that. Can we take that down? That's unbelievable. Very racist. You see how it became racist to me? Yeah. No, but here's the facts. The facts are, you know, everything we know about history, we know because of artifacts, things that were left behind.


You know what I mean? And so to be heavily into the culture in a way that is represented is Pretty cool. It's a pretty big deal, you know? Yeah. Yeah. We should make one next year. If we made one and we did made some ch made a charity for it or something, that could be cool. Right. But we would have to do, you won too, so like, there would have to be a Theo Von as Well. I, I mean, I would be happy to do that. Yours is really the, yours is the one they're already using without your Permission.


That's what I'm saying. They're already doing mine. Yeah, that's true. But maybe we'll try to find one. That'd be kind of a neat, maybe we could do something where we'd raise some money for something. I would love it. Yeah, you would. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm all about that. That's cool. We should do it for, yeah, I'd be happy. We should do it for autism. We should do it for people on the spectrum. Okay. Yeah. And do they have, and everybody has autism, do they have, they have all types of people with autism. Yeah. Right. Yeah, I would love to do that. Yeah. That's a cool idea. And do you, my last question for you, Kat, do you know any Native Americans you ever met any over the years?


What's that been like? Really cool. Like, like way more, I don't, I'm trying to figure out how to say it, but like, Because I've just heard these are, some of these are just things that I've heard When you, I, I met this tribe that several times I've met several tribes. But the whole thing is, Oh yeah, you get this thing around them that you understand that been standing here, you know what I mean?


Like yeah. There's, yeah. You, you, you understand how difficult it is to carry legacies and stories, even though your people have been getting destroyed. And then when it's all at as bad as it could possibly be and everything is destroyed, if your whole legacy, then they give you unlimited money and have casinos. It's, it's a a, a mind blowing thing to watch a people, a group of people still carry their legacy along and that's what you get.


And they know so much about, so much. Like, you know what I mean? Like, Oh yeah. Like, and I'm an outdoor guy, like, and they know everything about everything. Like fishing with them is like a whole different experience. They're whistling them bitches in a boat. Like They don't make no mistakes. Like that whole part where you Don't catch fish. They don't know shit about that. Yeah. They catch the bitches and half of 'em cook. They catch a bitch, they do it. Right. I want you to come out of the water. Boneless s Right.


Have with, with outdoor stuff. Have you ever done any like camping or anything like that? You ever done any long camps? Have, did you ever do like a plant medicine retreat or anything like that? No, but having a hundred acre ranch, you start getting into trying to make sure you, 'cause first you have to figure out what you already have there. You know what I mean? Because I'm kind of, aren't you like close to Nashville? Yeah. Yeah. Right. So I'm out in Mississippi on this farm, you see? And so, you know, you learning what's out there and then you're trying to accentuate what's already out there and, 'cause I think we could probably got like 300 deer, like Wow.


And they just running around everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. Because the way progress worked, they kept getting pinned in and then there was a golf course. And so they Had Hadda little safe area in between them. And then when houses start going in, then it became neighborhood less and less gated community. And now there's nowhere else for them to be, and this particular area is where they all came to, so Oh, pretty wonderful. Yeah. I could see you having like a cool pet and zoo or something one day if you wanted to, and you're, you know, you ever quit or just wanted to have a peaceful animal type of, or a safari, something like that.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I, cats, cats. I'm never trying to do something that requires interaction. Like what I'm, what I'm doing is creating Heaven on Earth. Yeah. Right. So that means finding out all of the things that really make you jump for joy and excited and make you go, oh, and collecting those around yourself so that no matter what it is you have to deal with in the world, you can come back to this little heavenly environment that you have created it.


That's it, that Fuels you. You know? Yeah. That's the tour right there. Yeah. Heaven on Earth As it turns out. Yeah. Yeah. Kaman, thank you so much for spending time with me today, man. Appreciate for, yeah. Thanks for just so many things, so many quotable moments from your life that you've shared with us and yeah, it's an honor, bro. I really feel honored, likewise, to be in your presence today and just, yeah, I can't even believe it. So thank you so much. Likewise. Now I'm just falling on the feel like these leaves I must be Oh, but that I.