
Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home. And unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home yes, cool. Or attending one live, no, you can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary, not in endorsement of the restrictions apply.


Today's guest is the co-founder and CEO of the Justice Defense Fund. She also founded the Trafficking Hub movement. She's been fighting against human trafficking for almost 20 years, and she just wrote a new book called Take Down Inside the Fight to Shut Down PornHub. We wanna let you know as well that this episode can be somewhat sexually explicit at times, So I want to give you that warning in advance. I'm very grateful for her time and her advocacy and her information. Today's guest is Lila Michel. Wait.


So take down Inside the Fight to Shut Down Pornhub for Child Abuse, Rape and Sex Trafficking. This is your book. And I'm sitting here with Layla Michelate. Nice to be here. Is that the way To say it? You, you almost got it. Lila mle. Wait, okay, So I didn't get it. Lila Michelate, how did your war against PornHub start? Sure. I will tell you that story. Okay. So in the context of years in the fight against sex trafficking, So I had been fighting sex trafficking when this began. So this began at the start of 2020. This was February, 2020 when the, the fight to hold PornHub accountable for Rape, sex trafficking, child abuse began.


And that was in the context of over a decade in the fight against trafficking at that point. And I had been paying attention to the headlines, obviously, when, when se sexual abuse stories, trafficking stories came up. You know, I was paying attention. And one of the stories that came up at late 2019 that really arrested my attention, it was a story of a 15-year-old girl. And she was from Broward County, Florida, and she was missing for an entire year. And she was finally found when her distraught mother was tipped off by a PornHub user, that he recognized her daughter on the site. Wow. And she was found in 58 videos being abused for profit. These are monetized videos.


Police, you know, were dispatched. And they actually rescued her out of his apartment. She had been impregnated, you know, they got her out of that situation. But that was a story that had made some headlines and it was a horrifying story. At the same time, there was an investigation that was released by the Sunday Times, the London Sunday Times, and they had found dozens of illegal videos on PornHub within minutes, even children as young as three. So these two particular stories were standing out. There was one other that was really horrifying at the time. It was about an adult, a woman named Nicole Atando. And she was from New York and she was being abused by her partner.


She was being raped and tortured. He was filming it and he was uploading it to PornHub. And then she ended up killing him in self-defense. But she was sentenced to life in prison, separated from her two young children. And thankfully she had an amazing legal team. And they fought that and they got it reduced to seven years. And she's finally out today. Wow. But it was just a heartbreaking story. And So I, at the time, you know, I was really actually discouraged in my fight against trafficking. I had been doing it for a long time. I felt like we weren't making very much progress. But, you know, it's not something that I can quit. 'cause I, I'm, I'm dedicated to this, but I was up late one night in, in early 2020.


It was, I think it was, let's see, January 31st, 2020. And I was consoling my own crying baby at that time. 'cause he was born, he Had Hadda birth complication. He was a very mad baby. What do you Oh, crying baby. Yeah, crying baby. Okay. Yeah, he was up, you know, I was up at all hours of the night. I thought You said crying baby. I was like, oh, what is A crying baby? Crying? No, no. Crying baby. Okay. Yeah. And So I was up late consoling him and thinking about that story of the 15-year-old girl. And suddenly, you know, an idea came to mind. I just said, you know what, how are they vetting these videos? How is this abuse ending up on PornHub? And an idea just flash into mine?


I said, I'm gonna test the upload system for myself and I'm gonna see what does it take to upload content to PornHub. So put the baby down, got out my phone, took a video of the computer screen and the rug and the Dark Room, and I uploaded it to PornHub. And I found out what millions of people already knew, because at that time, millions of videos were being uploaded every year. In fact, the amount of content that was being uploaded to PornHub, if you put those videos back to back, just the amount of content they would upload in one year, it would take 169 years to watch. If you put those videos back to back. That's how much content was being uploaded. So uploaded Would ha or had been uploaded Total, you mean?


No, per year. Wow. Yes. That's not even counting the images. Unbelievable. So I tested the, I found out, like I said, what millions of people already knew. And that was that all it took to upload was an email address. So in under 10 minutes, anybody with an iPhone anywhere in the world can upload a video. And they were not checking age. They were not checking Id to make sure that these are not children in the videos. They're not verifying consent. Oh. To make sure that these are not Rape or trafficking victims. And because of that, I quickly understood that PornHub was not a porn site. It was a crime scene. Like it was infested with videos of real sexual crime.


And so then the people would upload 'em and then make money. What off of advertising on 'em somehow? Or who makes Yes. Yeah. So the, so the ones that were making money off of this content, 'cause this is free porn, right? Right. Free porn's, not free. Right. It is heavily monetized with ads. So they were selling 4.6 billion ad impressions on PornHub every single day. So they were heavily monetizing this content. Now the people who were uploading were doing it mostly for free. Right. Like 80% of people who are uploading were just doing it for social currency, like likes and clicks and comments and shares and all of that. The reason why people upload to social media, right.


Some of them were doing pay to download content where they could actually do profit sharing with PornHub. That was happening as well. But most of the money made from free porn is actually made by the corporation running the site. Right. Okay. And just to give you a little bit of context for how big PornHub and its parent company are, who were making all of this money. So PornHub at the time, so by December of 2020, they had capitalized on Coronavirus. So they had done crazy stunts, like free premium to the whole entire world. Oh, I remember something like That. Do you remember that? Yeah. They had done some crazy PR campaigns at the time because If people, they figure people are stuck at home, they'll watch porn.


Yeah. Well it was that, plus they were getting tons of bad press because Trafficking Hub movement had gone viral starting at the beginning of the year. And they Were trying to, and trafficking hub movement was what? So I, okay, so I'll go back to the story. So, well really quick, I wanna tell you kind of just so you know what we're dealing with. Okay. Like how big, Okay. Yeah. How big porn hub PornHub is is, okay. So by the end of December, 2020, so they had grown to be the fifth most visited website in the entire world. Unbelievable. So notable just porn site website, they Had Hadda, hundred and 70 million visits per day, 62 billion visits per year. And like I said, enough content uploaded every year would take 169 years to watch.


So they had 56 million pieces of content on the site by the end of 2020. And this was the year that trafficking hub movement began. So go back to the story. So I made this discovery, oh My God. I said, that's massive. I said, oh, I literally said what you just said. Oh my God. Th this site is infested with videos of Rape trafficking, non-consensual content. We used to call it revenge porn, but we call it image-based sexual abuse. And I have to sound the alarm on this. I have to, you know, tell people what's going on. And So I did, the only thing that I could do at the time was I took to my, it was Twitter, right at the time.


Twitter. And I started to share this information, share the stories, share the, the what I discovered about the upload process. And in a burst of inspiration, I shared the hashtag trafficking hub. And the reason why I did that is because per definition, so by definition, any sex act that is commercialized and it's involving a child or any sex act that's induced by force fraud or coercion, and it's commercialized. So it's for profit, like it's something of value is exchanged for that sex act. It is per definition an act of trafficking. So every child being abused on PornHub, every adult who was non-consenting, who was raped in trafficked, those are instances of trafficking.


Wow. I don't think people quite understand that. But that is per international definition and, and domestic definition. And so that's why I launched the Trafficking Hub hashtag. And it slowly started to catch on. I Had Hadda few thousand followers on Twitter at the time, but people were horrified to find this out. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, I think when you hear trafficking, you kind of think like, I mean, I picture literally like a train, like people commandeered from other countries or, you know, I guess younger people that have commandeered and kidnapped in like a train car going across the country in the night or something. Like, I think of it as a, as a more, or like people like being smuggled across the border or you, you know, I don't think of it as, I guess the average person doesn't think of it in such a, a common kind of, I dunno if it's common is the word, I guess.


Yeah. The average person probably doesn't think of that. It's that expansive. Right. You know? Yeah. Well that's the way it's portrayed in Hollywood movies. And that's the way that it happens often. Right? Sometimes. But you know, the amount of trafficking going on, if you think about non-consensual commercialized sex acts, this is massive. Wow. And So I Can't, that's unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and so sound, the alarm launch traffic on hashtag that started to catch on, people started to message me. Somebody said, Hey, if you don't start a petition, oh, then I wrote an op-ed. So I said, okay, well what else can I do besides just share this on social media?


This has to get out to more people. So I wrote a, a, an op-ed about what I had discovered. An op-ed means opinion. It's Like a essay. Yeah. Right. I just want our listeners to know, most of our listeners are just like me. They don't know. Yeah. Yeah. So op-ed means an opinion editorial. So like something that your opinion, you'd write it into like a publication that'd be published in a newspaper or something like that. Yeah. Okay, great. Just want our listeners to always know what that is. Yeah. That's Exactly what it is. And So I wrote that with kind of the findings, highlighting some of these stories that had just been in the news, making the connections. And that really caught on, you know, people were sharing it and somebody who read it messaged me and they said, Hey, you need to start a petition to shut down PornHub and hold its executives accountable.


And if you don't do it, I will. I said, okay, well I'll do that. So I just went on change.org. I started a petition and instantly started going viral. So on change.org you started a petition? I started it there. Okay. Yeah. Now it's at Trafficking Hub Petition dot com. And today we have 2.3 million people who have signed the petition from every country in the world. Let's go. And so we're gonna Get more. That's, we gotta get more. It's Trafficking Hub Petition petition Com. Yeah. And this has been powerful to have this because as this was going viral, victims were seeing it. And then they were starting to reach out to me sometimes on a daily basis, victims that I was exploited on PornHub as a child, as a teen, I was raped, I was unconscious, and I was raped on PornHub.


And I begged to get those videos down and I couldn't, you know, all these stories started to come forward. Not only that, but whistleblowers from inside the company started to reach out to me and started to expose the inner workings of the company. Even the former owner of PornHub actually reached out to me to say he wanted to help with all of this. He had his own motives, but Right. Probably trying to cover his own tracks. Well, yeah, he had, I discovered that he had some financial motivations for wanting to do that, but he did. And one of the things that was so important at this outset was we felt like, you know, this comp, you know, trafficking is a transactional crime. All of this is being done for money. Like, that's the only thing that these companies care about.


Right. And in order to, you know, make a difference here, we have to hit them where it hurts. We have to go after the money. And so we said we have to go after the credit cards to cut ties with PornHub. And when the owner reached out, he confirmed that. He said, listen, the only thing they care about is money. If you, you go after the credit cards, that's the Achilles heel of PornHub. So you're saying if Visa and MasterCard, if they will say, we'll not allow our credit cards to be, To be used sense, that would be the worst thing that could ever happen to port hemp. Wow. Yes. Because they, you know, they need those. Yeah. That in order to sell ads, premium memberships, all of that. So reached out to try, you know, credit card executives did letters, you know, organizations were signing on.


So all of this was building momentum. The petition was gaining steam, and that's why lots of media articles started to be written about this. What, like, were some of the crimes that you see, like saw happening? What were some specific instances that you were like, oh my God, this is just, Yeah. I mean, okay. Saw, was it okay to share those or no? Yeah, Of course. Okay. And I think it's important to share, because I think a lot of times people wanna just dismiss it and say, you know, you, you, you, what you saw was just consensual. You just didn't really understand that it was, you know, these were obvious. Yeah. It's vague until you make it specific. I feel like a lot of Times. Right. So for example, and I, I'll tell you some, I can tell you some victim stories.


I can tell you some of the things that I saw myself on the site. I mean, one of the worst things that I saw on the site was an instance where it was a young Asian woman, and she was drugged so completely that she was, her body was completely limp. She was unconscious. And there was a masked assailant who actually to prove to the camera that she was unconscious. He was lifting her eyelids and touching her eyeballs to prove that she wasn't responsive because, and then tickling her feet and doing things like that. And then the title was in Chinese. And so what I did was I took the title and I put it into Google Translate, and the title was Dead Pig Unconscious After Being Drugged.


And it included eyes half open after being drugged. Like that was the actual title of the video. And then, of course, because there's the algorithm, right? They have set up the algorithm to make sure if you see one video like that, they're gonna assume that you like that content. So then they're gonna take you on a crazy rabbit hole. I call it like, you know, just, oh hell hole of Rape. Like, that's what it was. And then you go and they'll show you more and more of the same kind of thing. You know, in my book, I do describe these videos. I don't really hold back because I want people to know what actually was taking place, what these victims were going through on the site.


And one of the things that victims have shared that I think is also really important to know, is that when those videos are uploaded, they Had Hadda download button so that anybody in the world could actually download and possess that child abuse, the Rape, all of that on their devices, and then re-upload it again and again, and again and again. And so victims actually call this the immortal Oh. Of their trauma. So they say, you know, it's one thing to be raped, but then it's filmed, and then it's uploaded, and then it's monetized for profit and pleasure, and people are actually getting pleasure out of the worst moment of my life.


And it'll never go away, because once it's on the internet, it's out of control. Yeah. And it's just like this whack-a-mole game where they're constantly just trying to find it and then beg for it to come down. And then even if they can, it just gets uploaded again. And one victim said, my abuser put me in a mental prison, but PornHub gave me a life sentence. Wow. And that was a really powerful, but, and Were all these like for foreign, were they domestic? It was everywhere. It was everywhere. So, so here's one story I'll, I'll share with you. Serena Flights. So Serena Flights, she is from Bakersfield, California.


She was an innocent 13-year-old girl, and she Had Hadda crush on a boy a year older than her. So she, you know, at the time, she had never kissed a, a boy before. She was a straight A student. And he convinced her to send him some nude images and videos of herself, which she did, because she wanted to impress him. Right. This is like very common today, sexting all that. And then he shared it with classmates, and then the classmates uploaded to PornHub where it began to get millions and millions of views. So she would then reach out to PornHub and beg for them to take the videos down, and they would often ignore her. And she's an adolescent. Yes. She's a child. Like she's a young teen, right? Yeah.


And then if they did answer, they would hassle her, prove that you're a victim, prove that you're underage in these videos. Now re remember, nobody Had Hadda prove age and consent to upload, but if you wanna get it down, she's testifying. She's testified this before. Canadian Parliament, this, she's suing PornHub right now. That she would have to, she would be hassled to prove that she's victim. Then if she did get it down, then it would just get re-uploaded again. Yeah. Right. And so this sent her on a spiral of trauma and despair. She ended up dropping out of school because she was being bullied. She got addicted to drugs to try to numb the pain. She tried to kill herself multiple times, and then she wound up homeless living out of a car. And that was her story.


Right. And like, that could happen to any young teen. Yeah. I could imagine that a lot of people in that instance, you almost end up taking, wanting to take your life or consider suicide because your life isn't even yours anymore. Yeah. Because of, it's like that immortal, the trauma, it's like, I'll never escape this because, you know, even if I can find healing, I can, you know, do do whatever I can. Trauma therapy, but then it's like, it's almost like a wound, and then a scab just gets peeled off again and peeled off again as those videos keep getting, It's, I don't, it's something you would hear about happening in hell. Yeah. And actually, to your point, the stats on ideations of suicide for victims of this kind of abuse, I'm abuse. I mean, it's 50% who have suicidal ideations after going through this.


And, and not just child sexual abuse. I mean, that includes, you know, when videos are consensually recorded, but then non consensually uploaded and the shame and all of that that comes along with that. I mean, this is the stats for victims of this kind of abuse. And so, So obviously once you start hearing these stories, the fuel has to really ignite you. Yeah. I would imagine that at that point you were just like, this has become like a life purpose almost. Do you, were you letting go of a day job? Were you like, did you, No, I mean, this was my, this is, this is, I've been in anti-trafficking just Okay. All, you know, for years and years. And so you're already in that world. This is what I do.


Yeah. Okay. It is my world. But then it became that I realized, okay, we're gonna go after a mega predator here. And to that point, how big are they? So it's not just PornHub, right? PornHub is owned by a parent company that all of this kind of, I learned over the last five years called MindGeek. Okay. Now, MindGeek has a monopoly on the global big porn industry. So we call it big porn because there's big porn, just like, there's big tobacco, there's big pharma, there's big porn. And it's dominated by one company. That company was, was called MindGeek. They rebranded to ILO to try to escape their reputation as peddlers of crime.


But they, so with a $362 million loan from a hedge fund called Co Colbeck Capital and 125 secret investors who were outed as including JP Morgan Chase. Wow. And Cornell University, they had basically rolled up the entire global porn industry under one company. So, so They owned it MindGeek. Yeah. So they owned, you know, they were managing Playboy Digital playground, wicked Pictures, browsers, reality Kings Pay sites, subscription sites, and then the tube side. So they, so PornHub and it's sister side. So PornHub U Porn, red Tube, tub bait, gay tube, xtu, you know, all I, I could go on and on.


Yeah. They own the most popular tube sites. So Vegan Tube is that one That's no time for jokes. And who owns MindGeek? So Mind Geek was owned by a secret share, ma, majority shareholder. So nobody knew who the owner of MindGeek was when all of this began. And were they in America? No, we found out. So we found them, you know, through the course of this, there was a, an investigation called Hunt for the Porn King. So they're an, they're not an American company, so you start on the hunt for the porn king. Right. So we discovered who was the secret majority shareholder of the company. And his name was Beberg Ma. And he was in Austria, and he lived part-time in Hong Kong. And Beberg Ma, let's bring a picture of him up.


Yeah, You Can, I just want people to know he, yeah, there he is. There's Yeah. Beberg mayor. Yeah. And let's look at his WI just wanna get a little, he grew up as a son of farmers in Felden attended grammar school in Lynns transferred to, he studied University of Lynns, wherever that is. He worked at Goldman Sachs in New York. He became the owner of Porn site Red Tube. In 2013. He sold to the site Manwin, now known as Allo. He was a former majority owner of PornHub and Mind Geek. Okay. Yep. Just wanna make sure we see Them. So he was, yeah, he was the majority. And then Ferro, Anto and David De were the CEO and the COO. And they were the minority shareholders.


And they had kind of hidden themselves from the public as well for a really long time. Okay. Until started viral. And are these guys all from Austria? Are they all from a Specific place? No, Uhuh. So Canadian. So the company is an international corporation. They are headquartered in Canada. So they have most of their employees in Canada, but they have offices in, now they have an office in Texas. They had one La Cyprus. Romania Mind Has offices everywhere. Everywhere. Wow. Yeah. So they are a multinational corporation, huge corporation, hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Multi-billion dollar corporation with a monopoly on the global big porn industry. And how much money was that? Was that bringing in a year do, is it? Yeah, they're estimated about half a billion per year.


It's a, the value of the company is multiple billions of dollars. And you know, PornHub was a flagship site, so this was the cash cow of the company. Yeah. This is how, not only are they making money on 4.6 billion ad impressions every day, and all of the traffic they're, they're getting, but they're advertising their pay sites on the free sites. Right. Right. So they kind of have this ecosystem where they advertise browsers on PornHub and drive traffic to all of the other websites that they own. I thought it was browsers, which is crazy. But also, I don't care. I mean, it's, either way, it's bad. Yeah.


The start of the new year is the perfect time to get organized, to set goals and prioritize what matters most. For me, a top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important than ever. Thanks to Rocket Money. My goals feel achievable. They show me all of my subscriptions right in one place and help me easily cancel ones that I forgot I've been paying for. That's where they help me the most. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash t today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash theo Rocket Money dot com slash theo.


I will tell you that before we used Shopify, we was doing things a little bit more freelance. We Had Hadda fellow over there in Akron, my buddy Kevin, and he was putting our Merch together and slinging it outta the basement over there with his brother who was dealing with alcoholism. But things changed over time and we loved working with them. But now we love working with Shopify. You can upgrade your business and get the same checkout that we use with Shopify. Yes, you can. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret secret with Shop pay that boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts go abandoned. And way more sales going. Cha ching. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that Alo and Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash theo, THEO, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash theo to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash t.


So this is the company, this is the, this is who we're kind of coming up against, right? And so all of this started to take off and go viral and victims are coming forward. Whistleblowers. I told you about the former owner who came forward. His name is Fabian Tillman and he was called the Zuckerberg of porn. He's the wine. Okay, Let's bring him up. I just wanna get a lot, I wanna put a face to these guys. Fabian Tillman. He looks Danish, huh? It's THY. Yeah, there you go. Yep. Fabian Tillman. He Is the one that put PornHub on the map. You know, he kind of had this vision for The German entrepreneur who once built the biggest adult entertainment company in the world.


Let's see him. That's him, Fabian. Okay. So he is, he's one of the guys schlepping it. So he, yeah. So he's the one who actually revealed to me who the secret majority shareholder was that he sold the company to. Okay. So that's how we found out who he was and Why. Okay. So the movement's getting bigger, right? Yeah. So you have the traffic hub. Yep. Trafficking hub. It's taking off. So we're even out protesting on the streets outside of MindGeek headquarters and Montreal and London and LA you know, sharing all tons of viral victim stories are happening. And then one of the things that we're going after having all these meetings with the credit card companies, executives trying to present evidence and evidence and more evidence to them and saying, listen, you have to stop monetizing this content because actually it's even illegal to knowingly benefit from trafficking in the United States.


Right. So at that point, if they know, if you put the knowledge on them that they're benefiting from it, then that becomes a crime against Them. Then they're knowingly benefiting from trafficking and trying to bring this to them and saying, listen, you have to stop, but they were resisting. Right. Why? 'cause it's so much money. You think? I think there's multiple reasons. I think it's because one, it's a, they feel like this is a slippery slope. If we do this here, we might have to do it there. Right. And they just don't wanna take action unless they're forced to take action. Got it. So they're like, we're really concerned. This is so concerning. Thank you for bringing this to us. Give us more information. More information. I give more information. They want more information anyway. They're resisting Right.


Then. So I reach out and get the attention of Nick Christophe from the New York Times. Okay. So Nick Christophe has a history of really compassionate reporting for victims of human trafficking and Sex Trafficking specifically. So I, I was thinking if there's anybody in the world that could cover this story in a really meaningful way, it will be Nick Christophe. And so he got engaged and he started a six month investigation. Of course he found out exactly what we were saying was happening on the site. I was connecting him with victims as they were coming forward so he could be speaking to victims and whistleblowers. And he ended up releasing this groundbreaking article called The Children of PornHub.


And it was featuring Serena's story, the girl I just told you About. Flight. Flight, yeah. Serena Flights and many other victims like her who were children abused on the site. And had you been meeting, were more people coming forward at this point, was it? Yeah, All the time. So many victims and I, you know, personally engaged with so many victims of PornHub. And thankfully attorneys were also coming forward saying, we wanna help really amazing, hard hitting top-notch attorneys who, you know, one of the ones I, I speak about in my book who, you know, he had done the biggest hedge fund, insider trading case in history against SAC capital and Stevie Cohen, his name is Mike Bowie from Brown Renick.


And he cared about trafficking and he came forward, he became Serena's attorney and he started representing, now he represents, I think 200 victims or murder. Let's bring that hero up. Bring a picture of him up. Yeah. Mike Bowie, there he is. Yeah. Mike Bowie. Yep. Thank you. Mike. Son of a firefighter. Wanted to be a firefighter. Ended up being a, He's fighting huge fires now. Yeah, Right. You know, I mean that's one of the biggest fires in the world. It sounds like. Human trafficking. Yeah. Taking advantage of people's sexuality. Yeah. So, okay, back To the story. So Nick Christophe does this investigate, he releases the children of PornHub and one of the things he does in his article is he calls out the credit card companies. And when this is released, I mean, I couldn't believe the impact that it had.


It started to like thousands of follow on articles. The pressure was on. Justin Trudeau in Canada was responding to the article saying how horrific what was going on was Canadian parliament was up in arms demanding an investigation and the pressure was on the credit card companies. And within days of that article being released, visa, MasterCard, and join PayPal in cutting all ties with PornHub, leaving them only with cryptocurrency as a payment option. Incredible. This was the worst thing that could happen to PornHub. Okay. Right. And so They must have lost It in a panic. Yeah. In an absolute panic. This was the worst thing that could happen to them. So they did basically the unthinkable for their business model, which relies on massive amounts of content because content is king for the porn tube sites.


You have to understand this, that it's about getting unrestricted massive amounts of content so that they could get picked up in Google search results so that they can drive massive amounts of traffic so they can sell all those ad impressions and make hundreds of millions of dollars a year on free porn. Okay. Worst thing they could do is take content down from this site. But they started to delete millions of videos. They deleted 10 million videos and over 30 million images basically in 24 hours. And what Financial Times called probably the biggest Takedown of content in internet history. They deleted all of their unverified videos because they had no idea who was a child and like who was 16 and who was 18.


Right. Who was, what was rough sex and what was Rape. They had no idea what was consensually recorded and non consensually uploaded. Right. And so they took down that much content because They're worried about the money. Yeah. They wanted to woo the credit card companies back. Right. Is they said, okay, we have to, we have to do this. They basically deleted their site. They, well, 80% of it at the time. Sadly, I found out that, so then there's global headlines, right? Hundreds of headlines all over the world. Visa, MasterCard, dis, you know, the big Takedown. I found out, an insider came to me months later and said, you don't know this, but two weeks after the credit card companies disengaged with PornHub, they quietly snuck back to the advertising arm of PornHub called Traffic Junkie.


'cause they have their own ad arm, right? Yeah. And that's how they make most of their money. So business is going on as usual. And I said, oh my, it's like the worst thing that I could have ever. I can't believe that this is what happened. So I said, how, what are we gonna do now? Like, how and How wouldn't a CEO of Visa or one of these companies be like, yeah, we're just not gonna do this anymore. How would they, well Why wouldn't they just say, we would stop, this is bad. This isn't good. You know, is at that point, is it because they're also worried about free speech and stuff like that? Do you think? Or This is just money is not about free speech. Right? I mean, I think, I think about trafficking, I think it has to do with money as well. Because one thing you have to know is like, these are high risk transactions. Yeah. They charge more Right. Per transaction for high risk transactions, which are porn transactions.


I see. So there's Big money and so there's money. Right. Big money. And they went back. And so it was another two year battle to try to get them to finally disengage, which happened because Serena sued PornHub, not only PornHub, she sued its individual owners and its executives. And she sued Visa for monetizing her abuse. Wow. And she sued the hedge funds for funding the whole enterprise. Did She win? And so what happened was Visa lost their motion to dismiss the case. 'cause they had filed a motion to dismiss. They lost it. And at the same time we were able to put the pressure on publicly.


So Bill Ackman was one of the heroes in this story. I mean, he knew the CEO of MasterCard and so he was making phone calls. Yeah, that's Bill Ackman right there. So he got him and I on CNBC Squawk Box, and we called out Al Kelly, who was the CEO of Visa for 17 minutes on the show. And this was right when Visa lost their motion to dismiss. So the pressure was on From all parties. And motion to dismiss is what? So they say, oh, they wanna say dismiss the case, dismiss The case. We are not involved. Like this was, had not, you know, nothing we could do about this. We're not part of this problem. And The court says, hold my Gabble Brother in a damning decision. And it, it wasn't just a, a decision, it was a, like they, the judge actually said that Visa gave PornHub the very tool through which to complete the crime of benefiting from child trafficking.


Like those were his words in his decision to fuck. Yeah. And so the pressure was on. And then, so then Al Kelly said he did kind of an unprecedented thing. He actually, who Is Al Kelly the sister. He's the CEO of Visa. Okay. So the CEO of Visa Al Kelly then, then He says, okay, fine, we're gonna cut them off once and for all. And he made a personal statement. He said, I'm a father and I, you know, don't approve, blah, blah, blah. And so we're cutting off PornHub. And then of course, MasterCard quickly followed. Discover. Now they've lost it. Totally. So, and today, so we found out they kept deleting content. Right. So today they have actually deleted 91% of the entire site.


So they went from 56 million pieces of content in 2020 when this started to 5.2 million pieces of content today. And we're not done because they still have unverified content on the site. Right. So, yeah. But it's Not over yet. Wow. Congratulations. But that's fascinating. I mean, congratulations. Thank you. I mean, it's been not just, I, I have to pass that on. You know, that congratulations to any victims who might be watching this because it's through their courageous testimony and them, you know, stepping forward. It's backlash. And you know, everybody who's been involved, we had 600 organizations that were involved in this, and the lawyers and the journalists and the whistleblowers, and so many people came together to make this happen.


Did you guys, what was the one C? What was the CEO? What was that transaction that kind of occurred? Where he was like, where he reached out The previous CEO? No, he was the owner. So, Oh, he was the previous owner. Fabian Fillman. The Zuckerberg of porn, right? Fabian Philman. Yeah. He reached out in summer of 2020 that to say he wanted to help. And so one of the things that he did was he exposed the secret majority shareholder's name and he said, go after the credit card companies as the o as the former owner. He said, if you want to make a difference here, you go after the credit card companies to cut ties. Hmm. And so that was now what, what I didn't realize at the time, I was suspicious.


Right. Why is he wanting to help? And I kind of later found out that he had intention to try to buy back the company. So he kind of wanted to make a killing again. So I think he wanted to help take it down, buy it then, And find a way to do it back probably with crypto or something on a, on a different chain. I don't know what he was thinking, but he wanted to buy it back, which I found out later on. But the CEO and the C-E-O-C-O-O and the CEO were forced to resign as well. And today they're being sued by nearly 300 victims in 25 lawsuits, including multiple class actions on behalf of tens of thousands of child victims. And they're doing amazing in the courts.


So much more evidence has been uncovered in legal discovery. So discovery is this amazing tool. When you engage in a civil lawsuit, the, the court gives you permission to get behind your opponents. So you can get their text messages, you can get their emails, you can get, and so much has come out of the complicity. Like you just couldn't believe the things that we've found out just through legal discovery process. Like what are some of the things like just at Ball, like, just, Okay, so here's an example. We found out that they only had one person. So they had 1800 employees. They hired one person five days a week to be reviewing videos flagged by users as terms of service violations, including Rape and trafficking and child abuse.


One person, they Had Hadda policy where they wouldn't even review a video unless it was flagged 15 times. Wow. Now think about this. You're a victim. Say there's a child victim like Serena, she would have, she would have to flag her video over 15 times 'cause it Had Hadda be over 15 for it to be reviewed in order for that to even be put in queue for review. And they Had Hadda backlog of 706,000 videos That were just waiting for this one person to review 'em. Yes. And they had, like we've discovered now in a recent filing in December of 2024, we found out specific instances of prepubescent child victims who had their videos on there for years.


And they would have like 14 flags, Ugh. 13 flags. And they just, like, that was the policy. And then the CEO and the executives all This on PornHub. Yes. Yes. On PornHub. Yes. And so I'm just, so, I'm just grateful that we're having this conversation because I bet most of the people who are listening to your show had no idea Yeah. That this was happening, that it's ever happened. That this is an issue on user generated free porn sites and, And important they keep it up because it's content, right? Like you're saying, yeah. The more content, Yes. Content is king.


Right? They don't want to remove content because that's how they have inventory. So here's another, like, egregious example of how they did this was so, you know, there's one case that I talk about in my book where there was a case of a clearly prepubescent child who is being anally raped in a video and she is being tortured the tags on the video. So the ti like the titles and tags were describing her abuse, that she was young, that she was being tortured, all of this. And I, we reported the video, we tried to get it down, weeks go by, it's not coming down. Video view counts going up, up, up. We reach out to the FBI, they demand that it comes down.


So they connect with the National Center on Missing and Exploited Children who confirms this is a child. So they demanded the video come down, okay. And then what they did was they took the video down, but they left that black box up that said, removed at the request of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. And they left the URL live, the tags, the titles, the views, all of that. And they did that with so many videos. Why would they take the video down, but leave all of that up And it's because it's inventory. Mm. It's the click, it's the Uur L Right. It still shows like an ad company that they're going to sell to. It still says, well, we have this many videos.


Right. So You could search that, right? We Have the most videos, Right? Yeah. The tags, the titles, like they'll drive, they'll still come up in Google search, then you'll get to the site, you won't find that particular video, but the algorithm will then direct you to others that are similar and it will advertise to you. Right. You'll get that, those ad views. So that's why. Did you, did you have any victims that showed up to thank you in person? Like you've had experiences like that kind of, Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, I'm still in touch with victims on a regular basis. They don't feel though that like justice has fully been served yet. I'm sure. So PornHub was criminally charged by the US Federal government in December, 2023 for intentionally profiting from sex trafficking.


But, And they're still allowed to stay open. But they were offered a deferred prosecution agreement, which is just unbelievable to me that that happened. Where basically they said, you pay $1.8 million in a settlement and you have a monitor over your company for three years and you can get out of going to trial. So that happened, but that was related to a case, like a specific case of a 100 trafficking victims from California. So they were part of the girls do porn trafficking operation. The guy that was exploiting them, his name's Michael Pratt. He was on the FBI's Most Wanted list, 10 most Wanted list.


Michael Pratt. Let's get a look about, I just wanna put faces to these people so that they're not just names that pass by you said Pratt, Right? Pr, yeah, PR PA tt Michael prt, like on my, actually on my Twitter, I just posted about him. This is him. Yeah. He's, he is FBI's 10 most wanted and he was running a trafficking operation and over a hundred victims were exploited by him. And Let's look at Wiki. Where's he from? This guy? Who is this guy? Let me see. I don't think they have a wiki for this guy. Okay. Pratt is charged in a 19 count indictment with sex trafficking production of child pornography. Unbelievable. And he had, so Girls do porn was one of the most popular partner channels on PornHub. So they had over 760,000 subscribers, and they had over 600 million views on the videos of these women's trafficking.


And most of them were trafficked, you think? Yeah. Oh, it's not, I think, I mean, they've been convicted. Like his accomplices are imprisoned. They, And this was in Spain. It says it was happening. Why the law Is different there. Well, he, he ran away, so ran away. So he was a fugitive. So he was doing this in San Diego. This is where it all happened, was in San Diego. 62 of those women have recently filed lawsuits. 50 of them filed lawsuits and settled those lawsuits. But they, so this channel was one of the most popular in PornHub. And that was what this criminal prosecution was related to. It was about these specific, you know, over a hundred victims of this particular crime ring. But there's so many others out there, all children. But he's Not in jail. This guy. Well, they captured him.


He's, it's in process. Like they're, they're working on his prosecution right now. Okay. Yeah. But his accomplices, the others that were involved with him are already prosecuted. It was just that they have more recently found him. And so he's going through the process of being convicted. Understood.


Is pornography causing a problem in your life? Do you find yourself watching porno for longer periods of time and having trouble stopping? Is porn affecting your relationship or dating life? Well, you're certainly not alone. Watching pornography has become so commonplace today. And oftentimes men use porn to numb the pain of loneliness, boredom, anxiety and depression. Shame and stigma prevent men from talking about these issues and getting help for them. I want to introduce you to my friend Steve. Steve is the Founder of Valor Recovery, a program to help men overcome porn abuse and sexual compulsivity. Steve is a long-term sexual recovery member and has personally overcame the emotional and spiritual despair of abusing pornography and has dedicated his life to empowering men to do the same. Steve is an amazing person and he is a close friend of mine. I mean that Valor Recovery helps men to develop the tools necessary to have a healthier sex life. Their coaches are in long-term recovery and will be your partner, mentor, and spiritual guide to transcend these problematic behaviors. To learn more about Valor Recovery, please visit them at www dot Valor Recovery coaching.com. Or email them at admin at Valor Recovery coaching.com. Thank you.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. BetterHelp is is the group that's encouraged a lot of people to check on their mental health, especially when it comes to their relationships and their life. And just examining those relationships, looking for green flags and red flags, and learning how to operate within those relationships. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. That's the truth. BetterHelp us fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra costs. Discover your relationship. Green Flags with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash TE to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Hlp BetterHelp dot com slash theo


Victims are so grateful for all that's happened so far, and they've been a big part of it. You know, I remember when the big Takedown happened and the most meaningful thing that happened was that victims were calling and they were crying tears of joy because for the first time their Rape and trafficking was finally off of PornHub after fighting for so long. But they just feel like Justice hasn't been fully served yet because they're still waiting for, you know, restitution. The site is still online, you know, it's been purchased now they're trying to do this whole rebrand. So it was sold as a distressed asset Okay. To a company that they created themselves to buy PornHub.


Okay. And they are called Ethical Capital Partners. Wow. What a name. Yeah. Ethical Capital Partners. And who is the, who are the main bigwigs in that company? Do we know? Yes We do. They have themselves online. You know, the, the guy that's out there kind of trying to do this whole rebrand of PornHub, like we're Ethical Capital Partners. His name is Solomon Friedman. And he is a criminal defense attorney. Is He really a Jewish guy? From where? Where's he from? Canada. Maybe Jewish. I Haven idea. He's from Canada. From Canada, yeah. So he wants to rebrand it, just make it more ethical. Well, I mean that's what they're saying, right? They're saying they called themselves ethical capital. Yet at the same time, the, the videos that are on PornHub right now are still unverified.


Mostly unverified. So that 5.2 million left, they had verified the uploaders. Right. But not the individuals in the video. So that doesn't work because often the abuser is the uploader. Of course. And, and I'll give you an example. So there's a man named Rocky Shea Franklin out of Alabama, and he drugged and he overpowered and he raped a 12-year-old boy. And he filmed those assaults and he uploaded 23 of those videos to PornHub with titles that indicated this was abuse. Like young, it said like Uncle Secret. I mean, I won't say the worst things, but it was clear, right? He was put in prison for 40 years for what he did.


Police reached out multiple times to PornHub to try to get those videos down. They were ignored for seven months. Those videos stayed online getting hundreds of thousands of views. That boy is suing PornHub today. So he's one of those many victims suing PornHub. But Rocky was a verified uploader. He had shown his I Id right. And he, they know who he is. They know who he is. But they didn't verify clearly. Right. Like who's in the video. Right. So even today, you know, as of 2024, PornHub Had Hadda produce a report. They sent it into the European, there's a European law called the Digital Services Act. And in 2024, in four and a half months, they Had Hadda take down 3,770 child sexual abuse videos from the site.


And over 8,000 non-consensual and Rape videos from the site. Okay. So, but They're having to be legally asked to do this, right? Yeah. Well, to disclose what they're doing. So that's all under Ethical Capital Partners. Right. Okay. Okay. So that's, you know, they Do so, so Ethical Capital Partners, there's still, there's still stuff out there that's not supposed to be there. Yes. They still haven't actually implemented. Right. The preventative policies Andary. So what's ethical ethical About it? It's just a farce, right? I mean, it's just a, you know, and that's why I think it's so important to sound the alarm on this rebrand because from a victim's perspective, like this is also a miscarriage of justice. For them to go out there and try to resuscitate Pornhub's brand to say, oh, we're ethical capital.


Listen, the same men who made all those decisions that the one person that was verifying videos, they had 30 moderators, 30 moderators moderating the millions of videos on PornHub. Now compare that with Facebook's 15,000 moderators and they still don't have enough. These moderators, they were viewing between 802,000 videos per shift clicking through those videos with the sound off, just clicking through 'em, guessing like, I call it the underage guessing game. Like this is a game of Russian roulette with people's lives. They're trying to guess who's 15 and who's 18, who's 16, and who's 19. Like nobody can do that on a con.


Like even a pediatrician can't do that. Yeah. And what happens to your brain at a certain point after seeing so much traumatic stuff that you were even a, like that should be a crime and and putting a employee through that? Well, I, and I've spoken to those and some, some of those employees I call friends today because they're really, have They said that they've seen some, it's been really intense. Their conscious was pricked. Oh, I'm sure. And they came forward and I've spent hours and hours in person and you know, online and on the phone speaking to them trying to understand how all of this worked. And one of them is especially dear to me, and he told me that it was so hard on him to do this job, but he needed the money and he was abused as a child.


He was sexually abused as a child. Wow. So it was especially hard for him to do this. But I think that's why You almost wonder why he went and did it. It's like you could find something else to do. Probably, I mean, not calling him out, but it's maybe there's some weird thing that's created there too that like, I Don't know. But I appreciate what he did in coming forward. But to say like the executive, so back to Ethical Capital, it's like the men who made that decision to have 30 moderators, just guessing what's rough sex and Rape, guessing and they guess wrong all the time. And they were skipping through 2000, you know, thousands of videos per shift. And they're still running PornHub today. So they're still on the sixth floor aquamarine Montreal Tower of that corporation running PornHub today.


Yes. The CEO and the COO were forced to resign. But they have the same CFO, they have the same CLO. Who's The CFO? Let's see, Eddie DeSanto. Eddie DeSanto bring him up. I don't know if you'll find him. They try to, they try To hide his Face. They try to sick some of them. I mean, you could find Ryan Hogan, Matt Kelechi. So you can look up Kareem Razzi. He is the, let's look him up. CPO. And he's running it today. Kareem Razzi. So that's, There he is. So and so. He's there today, right? Yep. About him from Canada as an integral part of the mobile broadband team. Telecommunication engineering went to University of Montreal.


Hmm. So they're still running. They're just trying to rebuild this company and still make money. Well, So I mean, What I'm saying's the thing wrong with ethical capital, right? If they were coming in and saying like, we're gonna rebrand, we're gonna do this new thing, why would you still have the same men responsible for the decisions that destroy the lives of countless victims just running the site today? That's why I, it's like Right. It's just a farce. Like it's not real. Yeah. And even if it was real, it doesn't mean that they escape justice being fully served. Because what's important is victims receive the justice they need for healing and to be a deterrent to future abusers. Like one of the most things, most important things in the fight against trafficking is not just to rescue victims, right.


And to rehabilitate them, that's important. But to prevent it from happening in the future, and how do you prevent it? You have to increase risk and eliminate profitability. You have to make the risk of continued exploitation greater than the benefit that these executives get by maintaining the status quo. And then when you do that and you end impunity for these abusers, you become a deterrent to future abusers, because other, okay. Explain that little part to me again. So, so you want to hold these companies fully accountable to the full extent of the law. To me, that means PornHub gets shut down. Like we go from 91% to a hundred percent. They do not exist anymore because they have been destroying the lives of countless victims since 2007 when they came online.


Yeah. And when that happens, other websites owned by other executives will say, we, we don't wanna end up in that position. Right. It's not worth it. So let's just clean ourselves up because we can make a lot of money on legal content. Right. We don't have to monetize illegal content. We can do this in a way where we're not distributing sexual crime. And they'll do that. 'cause they wanna avoid losing the credit card companies. They wanna avoid litigation, they wanna avoid criminal prosecution. Agreed. At a certain point is some type of, obviously sick. It's A risk, it's risk benefit. Right. But a sickness too, to think that you would be able to know that that's happening. Right. Right. And keep going. Yeah. That's in, it's like what type of sickness exists? You know? I mean it's, yeah.


It's almost like a hell, you're like an, you're like a slave traitor of people's like, solitude and, and, and peace, you know? But no, you know, I don't know. I just can't, I can't, I can't even, I can't imagine that, I can't fathom that someone would be like, yeah, this is okay. I'm not gonna, that, that's not gonna be the first thing I'm gonna worry about with my company. Right. Yeah. So, so just, I'm just fine tuning some, my, my view here. So a lot of your combativeness is not against pornography. It's against the sex trafficking. The, like people illegally filming, people filming drug people, no verification of age.


All of these crimes basically, Right? Yeah. Sexual crime. Okay. Being distributed online. In fact, some of the most helpful allies in this fight have been those in the porn industry. Like at one point, you know, I had those who were producing their own porn on PornHub, and they were doing this in a professional sense, and they were reaching out to me because they said, listen, we need to take this company down. 'cause I'm sick and tired of spending two hours a day scouring PornHub and its Sister Tube sites trying to get my own stolen illegal content off the site. Wow. 'cause they were not only Rape and trafficking. Right. This is copyright infringement content. Like taking, so There's no protection for that either? No, They're just uploading. Wow.


They're just pirating and uploading all of this content. So, so those in the porn industry kind of hated MindGeek already because the free porn tube sites were exploiting the legally produced content of these, those in the industry. Yeah. Because even with YouTube, there's like, there's like metadata and stuff that they could, if they want to, they can make sure that someone can't do it without it being claimed or known, you know? Right. And so, well, they could do these DMCA takedowns, so that's what they would do. So she was spending hours a day, multiple times doing that. But as she was doing that, she was coming across child abuse, Rape, trafficking, and then they were sending the links. And that was one of the things that was crazy that was happening, is that as this was all going viral and there's all these stories, people around the world who were on PornHub who would find an illegal video would be sending it to me.


And So I was in, and so it was just kind of a really intense, Right. 'cause then you're s looking at it, seeing what going on. You're like, well, what am I supposed to do here, Here? And then I have, you know, the responsibility to report it to, you know, take care of, you know, witnessing what's happening and then trying to help justice Victims. How tremendous. A insane, huh. And it's real. I mean, yeah, it's real. It's so this is all real vile real stuff that was happening and being uploaded. Yeah. Wow. Real, real sexual crime. So, So what do you think kind of like the solution is at scale? You know, when you think about that, Lila? Yeah. Well, so yes. It's one thing to hold one particular company accountable. And that's important.


But the question then becomes, because Pornhub's not alone. Right? I want everybody to understand that. It's not like you go, okay, well X videos must be fine. They're a free user generated porn site that was operating in a similar way of not verifying agent consent. And there's, you know, Nick Christophe did an investigation and found, you know, reported on the victims who were on X videos and there's X hamster and there's all of these other X and XX, right? And there's others that operate in a similar way. And so the question is, well, how do we stop this across all of these sites? Right? And that goes back to the source of the problem is not verifying agent consent. We have to demand third party agent consent verification for every single person and every single video that is uploaded to a user-generated porn site.


And when that happens, we're going to make a huge difference in stopping that illegal content from being uploaded. But that's a huge task, right? So it's not just governments who have to do this because this is an international problem. These sites operate internationally. So if the US does that, well, they're still in Canada and they're in, you know, every country in the world. So the solution at scale becomes the credit card companies implementing that policy. 'cause we know they're highly motivated by money. And if Visa says, we don't do business with user generated porn sites that don't verify the agent consent of every person, every video. Well, all of these companies are gonna comply and they're gonna do it quickly.


So that's the solution. So how do we, because you would think at this point, they would just go on ahead and say that because it's like, it's obviously the next right thing to do. Right. And is it in, in a moral sense, it would feel like, Well, a lot of companies don't operate from, Right. Business doesn't have emotions. Yeah. Well, yeah. And, and it comes from pressure, right? And so that's where I see the litigation being important, where these survivors, dozens of survivors who have sued the credit card companies, right? Right. So now they're facing some Of it, right? Right. So they're feeling that pressure and at some point they go, listen, it's better business to just let it go implement this policy. Yeah. Just like we have anti-money laundering policy, we're gonna have anti online sexual exploitation policy and we just don't do business with user-generated porn sites that don't verify agent consent.


'cause it's too risky for us. Right. And So that Right then Yeah, it hits their wallet avenue. Exactly. They're losing, it's like big pharma. It's like, you know, litigation made a huge difference in reform in, in the pharmaceutical industry. We saw it in the hedge fund, insider trading cases when they had big litigation and criminal prosecution. And it forced those changes to happen. So I think that could be, That's where we're, that's where you're hoping it Gets next. That's we're headed. Yeah. That's where we need to go. And who supports legally supports? You guys' like the legal costs? Yeah. Well that's where, I mean, these firms, a lot of them are working on a contingency basis where, you know, they're working with victims. Some do pro bono, they have like different kinds of arrangements.


And then we support victims as well at the Justice Defense Fund to help them get connected to lawyers, to support them along that journey. It's a hard thing to do, to take on an abuser. It's a hard thing to go into litigation and they need, you know Yeah. Therapy, advocacy, like all the ways that they need to be supported. And so, yeah, that's our mission is to support survivors to pursue justice in court, to get that healing and to implement those preventative policies to make sure it doesn't happen again. Now, MasterCard has come along like a little ways. So they implemented a policy where they say, you have to verify uploaders, but that's not far enough.


Right. Like, you have to verify those in the videos. Yeah. So, yeah. And do you think there's like backroom dealings between my, between these companies and the like credit card companies where they're like, sending them extra cash or meet, you know, like they just know each other, the owners know each other and it's like, we'll let you stay open. That type of thing. Or, I haven't seen that. I don't, you don't think that's, don't, I haven't seen that. Don't that feeling, I don't get that sense. Yeah. I think that, you know, this is just one of many industries that they can make money on and they will maintain that position until Yeah. That's wonder if there's lobbying by the actual owners of the companies towards the, towards the credit card companies, you or the banks.


Possible that's Possible. Yeah. You, you, you start to figure that that's where a lot of things really kind of happen. Yeah. And then it bubbles up to the surface of what we can Follow the money, What we can see. Yeah. What, what state, because I've noticed, like, you know, I've watched pornography before. I've had issues with pornography addiction kind of, or I just, I used it as an escape. Yeah. Like, especially like in my twenties, like, you know, I found pornography when I was, you know, at a d at a age where I was probably maybe 13 or 14. And so then I would use it to make me feel good. It was like one of the only ways I felt like when I was young that I could feel good. You know? I had really low self worth. And so once I realized pornography and porno and everything, I was like, oh dang, I can control, I have a control basically lever on my body as to how when I can feel.


Okay. Right. And so it was magazines and then I guess as thing, you know, then it became like video online, stuff like that, you know, over time. But it certainly has been something where it's like, I don't feel good about myself. I feel down about myself. What's the one way I know to feel good and would be to watch pornography, you know? Yeah. Or use it to masturbate, you know, things like that to make myself, and then you get a, you get a hit of dopamine. Yep. Crazily. And so then you, part of you feels good for a while. You know? So that's been, you know, that was kind of my story with it. Except it got to, it got to like, I would notice instead of going and meeting girls or trying to like, like, well part of my spirit started to suffer because I was taking out like a important part of like my soul and my physiology by ejaculating or like, just like abusing that part of me.


And it then I didn't have, you know, I think that part of you is supposed to kind of build up inside of you and help you have like some, it pushes you to talk to women and to want to go on dates and things like that. And so for me, I think it started to weaken some of that over time. It was like, well, why go meet a girl or ask a girl out when I could just masturbate? You know? That was some, that was kind of what happened, I guess, in my head at some times. Yeah. Yeah. And I've, I've been in like recovery groups to talk about that. You know, I'm in recovery groups where there's like multiple things that people have dealt with. You know, a lot of, for me it has just been like intimacy stuff, you know, because if you're looking at pornography, it creates, it, it, it skews the way you look at intimacy because you start to think of like sexual activity just in like frames and certain, like, you don't really think of connection.


'cause you don't see a lot of connection in porn. You know, it's not like you watch a 45 minute porn and it's people, two people getting to know each other, you know, at a park or something, you know? So, or splitting a diet sodi or something. So it's like, you know, that part is all, you know, things get super, I think things get kind of convoluted in your psyche sometimes. Well, Yeah. And it's driven by an algorithm now. It's like, right. You know, it's people's sexual preferences and their, their sexuality in today. You know, this internet porn saturated world that's driven by an algorithm, the algorithm's driven by executives who want to get as many views and clicks and ad impressions as possible.


And then, you know, that's kind of shaping the content that's being seen on the sites. And what's especially alarming to me, and you know, it's what you experienced, right? Because you, when you were 13 years old when you were first expo exposed to porn, is that children, you know, are just en mass being exposed to not Playboy. Right. Not the centerfold that used to be, but the free porn tube sites because you know, it's free. Yeah. It's, they have access. It's just, do you guys know that children are accessing those? Like how is there sta is there statistics behind It? Oh yeah. I mean, you know, I think, you know, one study from 2022 was saying that 75% of 13 to 17 year olds have viewed internet porn.


I mean, I think it would probably be more than that, right? In this, every kid has a device, you know, there's five year olds that could click through the internet filters are not doing a good job. And you know, parents who, you know, may not even know how to implement internet filters for their kids. And even if they do, you know, they can't control all the time, right? So they can't be, you know, at school and, you know, other places when they go to their friend's house or whatever, it's just Everywhere. What filters are they using? Are you, are they, because they're the ones that you suggest kind of, that people Use? I don't have any particular brands that I would suggest, but Yeah. You know, there's like so many different apps that people can install for sure. You can get like routers that could actually block the content at the router level.


Oh, that's awesome. I didn't know that. Yeah. And so there's stuff like that out there, but I know states are stopping people from, like, a lot of states are pro, you have to upload an identify ID now. Well, There's like this whole movement in the United States right now that is saying, look, we understand that kids are accessing this content and we wanna protect kids from viewing, and I call it a form of secondhand sexual abuse, right? For kids to be witnessing this kind of content. And from my perspective, I know how much of this content isn't just hardcore, right? It's actually criminal. Right. Where they could be watching a real Rape as their sex education as an 8-year-old child.


Yeah. And you know, they call it the creation of a sexual template, right? So it becomes like, what is your sexuality about and what is, you know, arousing to you, and if they grow up on this kind of content, I mean, it could do so much Oh yeah. Damage to an entire generation. Well, Especially, I think it's, I think a lot of that's already happened. I think you've seen like the, a lot of the effects of pornography on, you know, marriages. Like, you know, people get addicted to porn and then they're no longer expressing attraction to their spouse. And because it's being hijacked basically by this algorithm, right. By the, by the websites, by this addiction. And then marriages fall apart and then families fall apart.


Yeah. And another implication of this is actually children who are acting out on other children. So we've seen, So I was just reading the Amicus should call it amicus briefs. So these are briefs that were submitted to the Supreme Court. So as these states across America are implementing age verification to protect kids from viewing porn online, the porn sites are not happy about this. So PornHub and its partners are suing those states. So for example, they sued the state of Texas to not have to abide by this age verification law. And it's gone now.


They've appealed it, they lost, they appealed. Now it's at the Supreme Court. Wow. And on January 15, the justice has actually heard oral arguments for whether or not we can have states enacting age verification to keep, keep kids off porn sites. So they're gonna have a decision by June. But some of the briefs submitted are so compelling. And one of them was this nurse Heidi Olson, and she's a sexual assault, she's a pediatric sexual assault nurse. And she was talking about her experience o with over 1500 cases of sexual assault that she Had Hadda document and assess. And she saw that 50% of those cases were children who were assaulting other children.


And the, the number one, the perpetrators in that group were 14-year-old males who were then assaulting Females, other Females, yeah. Children. And you're saying that a lot, you think That, and they're citing pornography as being the influence, the reason why Yeah. They're acting out. Right? Because like, you just, that's how, that's human nature. Like especially with kids. Oh Yeah. You see something, you mimic it or you sign out. Yeah. I mean, like my, like son, he is like, you know, watch Spider-Man or something, and he's like jumping off the walls and you know, pretending that he's Spider-Man, they're acting out what they see. Right. And so, you know, if they're watching porn and they're watching, potentially actually watching sexual crime on these, how do they know sites and they're, you know, kind of acting out what they see.


And so it's not surprising that that's happening, right. It's sick. It's literally being in a spiral of sickness, kind of. I mean, it's almost like what you would feel like people would describe as like some sort of a hell, you know, one of the wildest things that happens on porn sites is how they, I don't know if this is targeted or what the goal is, but you talk about it ruining families. Some of the videos are like, stepson mom, right? Dad, son's girlfriend. Like, shit, that's like, you're putting things into people's just even to Yeah. Put that seed into somebody's psyche. People don't realize, or, or we don't realize that when we're watching something that's, that we become, we're a sponge, right?


We might say, oh, I'm not really, I'm watching this, but I'm not, it's just, I'm watching it for a brief second. I'm using it. Right. But it's also, whatever it is, it's also using you. Right? It's everything is an, is a, it's a back and forth relationship. Yeah. So, And teen was, I mean, one of the most popular categories Yeah. On PornHub was teen and teen, right? Like teen could be 18 and 19, but it also is 13 and 14 and 15 and 16. And so many of that, those videos are, you know, where they could be and someone who's of age, but they're intentionally made to look younger, underage with the pigtails and the flat chest and the braces and the no, no makeup and all of that.


And they're, you mixed in with videos of real teenagers who are being abused. And then this is being pushed. Right? It's one of the, they were, you know, PornHub was tracking down to the dollar how much they would make monthly on those teen categories on their site. And it was one of, you know, one of the most popular that they had. And so whatever is making the most money, you push that forward. Right? Right. And so maybe it's, they're getting more clicks because people are like horrified by it. Or maybe, you know, I, I don't know, you know, exactly what is happening there, but whatever it is that gets the most clicks and views, they, they'll push the algorithm. Right. Will of course push that forward. But it's like, why, why?


I wonder how that even starts if they say like, mom son porn. You know what I'm saying? Like, where does something like that deme like that idea even start? Well, I think it's, so I've spoken to some porn producers who've talked to me about this and the way that there's been like a trajectory from like Playboy into more and more kind of extreme forms of porn in different situations or, and they're, yeah. You know, saying like, they're just told to create the most extreme thing you can think of because you, you need more shock value. There's this idea of, you know, kind of desensitization for people where they want to kind of, in order to get the same dopamine hit with porn, it's not necessarily that you need more, it's that you need different and you need ah, something Yeah.


More extreme to kind of get that same dopamine hit. What Does porn do to our brains? Do you have anything on that? I'm trying to see. Just the psychological effects. New research sheds light on the global impact of problematic pornography use. Okay. I'll look at this a little bit, but after this, I want something more about the actual effects of on our brain. A comprehensive international study involving tens of thousands of participants from dozens of countries suggest that problematic pornography use might have a prevalence rate as high as 16.6%. So that's saying that 16.6% of people per this study have problematic pornography use. Problematic pornography used refers to a condition where individuals and experience an uncontrollable urge to consume pornography leading to significant distress or impairment in their daily functioning.


First, most people use pornography, but only a small group of them develop problems with it. So we wanted to see how many people may experience such problems worldwide and whether there are any country, gender, or sexual orientation based differences. As most previous studies focused on really specific populations, IE men from the United States, I think one of the most important takeaway messages from our study is that problematic pornography use seems to be as common as other mental health issues, IE depression. So we need to better understand this problem and provide appropriate care for people experiencing this. This issue. Probably the most surprising finding of the study is that only four to 10% of individuals with problematic pornography sought help for this issue with an additional 20 to 40%.


One wanting to, but did not do so for various help reasons. Well, part of that is shame, right? And that's why Oh, for sure's, why I, I'm so grateful. I'm sure so many of your listeners are grateful that you talk about it. Oh, well I'll, I'll say this exact, I'll say this exactly. And specifically when I, you know, we actually, a friend of mine started a, a program called Valor Recovery and it's for porn addiction. And I know I met this guy in different recovery meetings and he's a friend of mine. And so I'll go to the meetings and, and I'm excited to go to the meetings and I'm helping, we're, we're helping kind of work to try and make this thing bigger, right?


To make it bigger. And one of the things I noticed when I took, when I had the most time I ever had off of pornography, the shame I had disappeared. Oh, there was still some shame at certain moments, but it, I was able to finally notice it. 'cause before I'd just been in this circle of shame because I would masturbate. I would feel ashamed of myself. I would start to feel a little bit better. But I would be like, had some, but then when I needed to, when I needed to feel okay, when, if I started to feel a little shaker and needed to feel okay again, I would be right back to the pornography. And then the sha you know, the shame of it, like Cycle Oh yeah. Was like a cycle.


It was, and I didn't even realize I, I was stuck in it probably for a decade. So I was still go on dates and be in relationship stuff, but it ruined a lot of it. Are You like free today from that or feel, I wouldn't Say free, but I'm definitely on parole. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like it's a different, I have tools and stuff now in place to like battle against it. And so what Helped you the most to Going to meetings? Recovery, 12 step recovery. Community. Community. Yeah. Yeah. Getting in groups and you'll start to see in groups. I've been in groups where men at first came, were scared to even talk like in the groups. And then like three months later you see that like their wife has moved back in, they're spending time with their kids.


They're not watching pornography, they're not acting out in these certain ways with, you know, escorts and prostitutes and all of that. But the biggest thing I noticed for myself was shame. I just noticed that it started to disappear. 'cause I always had this heavy shame and I'd never really noticed that it could have Had Hadda do with really the masturbation. Just the part of like, I find need to make myself feel good, then I'll use masturbation. You know? Do you think that there's, I mean, could be like two sides to shame, right? Shame could be really destructive and unhealthy because it causes you not to seek help or get community or be able to talk about it. And so then you push, push the problem down and then it becomes then, you know, worse, right?


Because then you're trying to alleviate that pain. Okay, say it one more time for me. Start over right there. So, you know, could, could the shame have two sides to it where there's kind of like a healthy shame where it's pricking, pricking your conscience and saying like, this is not who I am. I can do better than this. And it inspires you to overcome. But then there's the other side of shame, which keeps people kind of hiding it, pushing it down, not be, not being able to get community, not being able to talk about it, which then could cause the problem to be worse. Right. For me, yeah. The, the, I agree both of those things can happen. I think some of them kind of happen at certain moments for me, but I think overall it was just, I didn't want to be doing it anymore.


Yeah. And I kept doing it. Yeah. And so for then it was this constant like, like I don't have any willpower. Yeah. And so that made me ashamed of myself. Yeah. It wasn't, sometimes the act itself would like, definitely like I would watch pornography on the computers or something and I would immediately close it. Did you ever feel like you were encountering potentially non-consensual content when you were reviewing? I never felt like I was watching. I never felt like I saw anything like that. Yeah. But I do think that I've, this is how I've long, I've long thought this, I believe. 'cause sometimes you see like a lot of like people get compromised, right? It seems like a lot of times in our society that like freedom seekers or people that wanna change the status quo, that wanna like rise have to do something different.


And at some point some of them get, it feels like maybe they get compromised and they're, I dunno if money hits them or there's some opportunity that's presented to them. This is all, this is a lot of conspiracy. Tim fo has stuff, but, and then they change their tune or their tune weekends or their goal or agenda, like kind of curbs a little bit. And you think, oh, somebody got to them. Hmm. I think that a lot of these sites record somehow secretly these days can record the user watching porn. Hmm. And so then that they are able to use that against users. Like say like, 'cause I think everybody's probably watched some type of pornography maybe, I don't know. Everybody that I know has watched it.


But I would guess anyway, like if you Had Hadda tickle 'em and be like, tell me if you watched it, they would do it. They would admit it. But, but that's what I've always thought. I'm like, man, I bet some people it's like they use that. That's something that, 'cause you always wonder what's that tool that like once people get like some power or something that, what's the tool that they use to keep 'em down? And it would either be like, well we're gonna assassinate you, or we have this video of you masturbating. That'd be like, oh, it's too much shame for me to handle. You know? So Just, and even if it doesn't actually happen, the fear of that that, right. Yeah. And that's some of the, That a risky call to say, you know what, I'm not gonna call your bluff. That'd be crazy. You know? Well, there is where some of the opposition to user age verification's coming from, probably from users who are afraid that they are going to have to identify themselves.


Oh, for sure. When they're going to those sites. But I would assure people like that is actually not a real fear in this situation because we have ways now with technology and there's third party companies. So I would never want anybody to actually have to give their ID to PornHub because who I would never trust them in a million years. Right. With that content. Right. 'cause they exploit data. Like they're being sued right now in a class action for data exploitation. You know, they gather so much information already and then They sell it to people. They sell it to advertisers. So like when you go to PornHub, you think that it's all private, right? And, but they're gathering like the IP address. They can find out your zip code from your zip code.


They can probably find your income level. They're looking at your sexual preferences. They're determining if you're a, you know, a male or a female, you know what language you speak, what browser you use. I mean, they're gathering so much Oh yeah. Information. Oh yeah. About if use per everybody. Yeah. And so there's that, but there's third party companies that can verify age safely effectively with respecting privacy. In fact, they don't even have to actually take your image. So it's biometric scanning. So there's a company called Yoti where they actually will, in one second, they can determine your age, 99 over 99% accuracy with a facial scan.


But using AI that's trained on, you know, thousands or millions of images. Wow. And so, and they just look at pixels in numbers. They don't actually even store the actual image of your face. Right. And then they erase that. So that's, you know, that's how they can verify. So anybody who wants to oppose age verification for the reason of privacy concerns, which is what PornHub is shutting itself down in states, across the United States right now, they're, they're shutting themselves down in opposition to age verification. Right. Okay. So they're saying instead of having people verify their age to watch, we would rather shut ourselves down. Yes. Because it costs them money and we have their C Oh.


'cause They have to hire a third party company to verify. Yes. Exactly. They're not allowed to age verify. Well, I mean, it's not that they're not allowed to won't, I don't, won't think that they can't. Right. And I don't, and I don't think anybody would ever want to like hand their ID over to PornHub. So there's this third party sites that have that technology that can at scale, you know, verify. So they're used by meta TikTok, you know, other companies who do this. I see. But they're saying, oh, it's too much. It's not cost effective anymore. They're saying like, porn hub is out there and the media saying, we're prote, we're shutting ourselves down because we care about user privacy because we don't want people handing over their personal Information. But that's a lie. They care about your pri user privacy, then they would care about protecting people who were un un Non-consenting.


Right. Right. Non-consenting. Yeah. Put about, that's the most privacy. It's the most, But not only that, it's like the same company also runs pay sites that are collecting credit card information. Right. With your name, your, you know, when you put in your billing address, your credit card details. So It's all a, it's all a facade. It's all just a facade. And so that's why I, this, it's important for people to know the truth about what is the opposition to age verification, what is, what's really going on behind the scenes here. And it's really about money. And we even have their senior community manager who, you know, publicly admitted in a Reddit thread who's having conversation and she says age verification would basically devastate their traffic. Wow. And it costs us money to verify.


And that's why it would be a disaster for them is because it costs them money. And so that's really what this is about. It's about money. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. When people say that, how, like, how do you respond to that argument that people say like, oh we are this, that you're limiting freedom of speech. Right? Yeah. Well, I mean, I would just, well, from the, OR responsibility of the person. Right. So both of those things maybe, well There's two sides. So there's, you know, so we're talking about those who are in the videos and then we're talking about who's viewing the videos. And I would just, you know, over and over, and this has been, judges have said this too. It's like, you know, child sexual abuse is not an expression, it's not an idea. Agree heartedly. Like rapes not an idea. Like these are actual crimes. Is contraband being distributed when we're that? So Anybody that's saying that after that, fuck them really, Basically.


Yeah. To be honest. 'cause it's just a messed up. It's like, what are you saying here? You're saying that because if you know that these sites are doing that now and then you're, then you can't really argue freedom of speech for them because they're not, it's not speech. Right. It's not speech. Right. Right. It's crime. In fact, it's the fact that somebody can't speak up for themselves. Right. And even when people do, they have to be, videos have to be flagged so many times or they don't have proper people in place to help those people who are trying to speak up for themselves. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So that, so there's that on that side. But then on the other side, you know, they're, they're trying to argue this is limiting free speech, right. For us to implement age verification. And again, it's like, no, you know, this is not limiting anybody's ability to access this content or anybody's ability to express themselves on these sites.


It's simply like a one second age verification, biometric scan using, you know, the, the safest, you know, a privacy protection that you can. And it's no different than if you go into a physical store and they're selling alcohol or Right. And then the bartender would do like a, you know, look at you and determine do I think that they're of age or not? Let me see your Id take a moment. Okay. Make sure you're an adult and on your way. Like that doesn't restrict somebody's ability to get what they want. They still can go in the bar and they can get the alcohol. Anybody can still go to a porn site and access porn if they want to.


They just have to take these few steps in between. Right. And it helps keep it outta the hands of children if a kid gets on there. Also too, a lot of times the fear of something, you get on something you're like 18-year-old or you have to verify yourself as a kid. I remember you, if you even would've clicked something like that and then it opens to another page, you get so scared sometimes you close it down. Yeah. You know, you'd be like, oh my God, they're gonna know my dad's gonna, you know, there was this, there was a lot of that kind of fear when Now there's just like the, are you 18 click through button? They didn't even have that right at in 2020. Finally. Now if you're like on a mobile device, it'll be like, are you 18? And then you could just click Yes. But some of them now have a thing where you have to have identification. Right. What state level government are doing the best help support the, the, the battle against, I guess porn or dirty porn, you know?


Or Like illegal content. Illegal content. Like the illegal, yeah. And then porn in general. Yeah. 'cause at some point it becomes also, it can be a moral or ethical, I dunno if ethical, it could be a moral choice for a population. At a certain point. Do we want to continue to consume this? Yeah. I mean, from my perspective, you know, I think that we could come into agreement about children. Like, I think that that could be pretty easy. Yeah. I think that's easily done. I I think that's true. It's just, obviously some people don't care. So Yeah. The states that are doing the best to protect kids from access, I would probably say, I mean, the one that's just kind of taking up the fight is Texas. Like they have, they're going, they're in the ring. Right. They're at the Supreme Court trying to battle this out with the big porn companies and to, to implement age verification.


So I think, you know, but there's multiple other studies and I would just say like, this is bipartisan. So there's people from both parties that are in agreement that kids should not be accessing online porn. Right. That's true. And then on the other side of the screen, you know, I mean we've had several bills that have been introduced in the United States since 2020 that would require aging consent verification, but they didn't pass. There's efforts in the uk there's efforts in Canada because this isn't just a US issue. Right. Right. But why aren't they passing? More than a dozen states have passed new laws that led to restrictions on pornography. Now the Supreme Court will weigh in. Right? Yeah. Yeah. You mentioned that, right? This is Yeah, but what's, what's, But we need the other side too.


Like, we need our government not just to implement age verification for users, but also for those who were in the videos. Right. And that just, but here's the thing. But has that Bill gone to them before and they didn't pass it? It just didn't, it kinda, you know, it was attached other stuff. It was at the end of, it was like at the end of a session. Right. And then it kind of died and then you have to reintroduce it. But here's the thing. We don't really have to enact that law in order to reign in these big porn companies because we have laws that govern studio produced porn, like the brick and mortar porn valley. You know, pornography has always been highly regulated. And they've abided by those regulations.


Like one of them is called USC 2 2 5 7. Okay. And that's been in place since 1988. It's a law. It's a law in the us Okay. It's a crime to distribute or to produce porn if you don't verify the age and consent of those who are in the videos. And that has been in place for decades and it has been complied with. The only problem is in the internet age, right. When it became user generated content, then these sites say, well, we get a pass. 'cause guess what? We're not the ones that are producing the Product. Right. We're just hosting it. We're just hosting it. We're just, but in the case of PornHub, they've tried to make that argument. It doesn't really hold because not only is it about producing, it's also about distributing.


It's transferring. And they had that download button on every video where from their servers, they were transferring this content to the devices of millions of people around The world. And that's illegal. Illegal. I mean, isn't it true if somebody, if they find child pornography on someone, that they can go To jail? Oh, just to possess it. I mean, right. Victims couldn't even possess their own videos of abuse. Like I Had Hadda be meticulously careful. But then a, these sites can like, can transfer so much Possessing it on their servers is actually it's possession, it's actually legal. And they, we now, in these recent seven 11 to The law litigation, there's employees who are going back and forth in their messages going, I just Had Hadda download one of the worst child abuse videos that I've ever witnessed.


I need to see a therapist for what I just witnessed. Oh, I forgot to delete it. Am I gonna get, I could go away for a long time for this. Like, these are the conversations that are turning up from PornHub employees Wow. In d Discovery that they are doing this. So, So if you're concerned, right. If they're concerned at that level. Yeah. So there's laws, like we already have laws that can be implemented to, like, you can't distribute child pornography USC 2, 2 5 7. It just, they have to be modernized and applied today. Right. Over the modern way that we distribute porn on the Internet. It's funny sometimes it seems like our government is kind of the LA like once something has come through and made all of its money and ruined so many lives, then they'll help with it.


Yeah. That's why I'm always like, how complicit is our own government sometimes in a lot of these things. 'cause that's what it feels like. It's like, oh, after this wave of has ruined the lives of a million people and made half a billion dollars, then we'll shut it down. You know? Yeah. But It's like, well, that's why I'm like, not If everybody's had their grift or their hand in it. Yeah. That's why I'm really hopeful about the route of, you know, strategic civil litigation empowering survivors in that way to hold the financial institutions accountable. Right. Because I think that could go way faster. You know,


I just went through this on my phone and computer. I Had Hadda get it all figured out. I was paying for extra services that I didn't want. You know, they had some different annual, some of 'em were annual, some of 'em were monthly. There were things I couldn't believe I was still involved in. Rocket Money helped me figure that all out. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Wow. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash THEO, that's Rocket Money dot com slash theo Rocket Money dot com slash t.


Which credit companies are still accepting payments for pornography Websites? None. Oh, pornography websites. Well, all of them accept American Express. Okay. So American Express is the only, Like they've never been involved in online or like pornography at All. So American Express is the only Yeah. Credit card company that doesn't, will not allow its information to be used on pornography websites. Yeah. Okay. Period. Yeah. And I'm not suggesting that that has to be the position of like the other credit card companies because No, But if they're not gonna say that we're not gonna verify things Yeah. That, well the, that's the easy route here is for them to just say like, we have anti-money laundering policy, we have this anti exploitation policy policy and you have to verify agent consent if you wanna do business with Visa.


Got it. That's it. Like, and that will, that'll, that'll take place instantly and globally. Like it'll apply everywhere. Right. So what could we say then to the companies? Like if we were to put out a clip that's like, hey, this is what, right now credit card companies are allowing transactions on pornography Websites that are not verifying the age and Consent, that are not verifying the age and consent Of every individual in every single video, Every individual in every single video. And They need to stop That and they need to stop that right now. Yeah. The only one who doesn't do it is American Express. Right. Because They just have like this blanket policy against All that because they have a blanket policy. But the other ones, so you could, so hypothetically someone could be watching a pornography video on a website that the user is being coerced.


Yeah. Or trafficked under the influence A child minor or A child or a minor. And the websites are not verifying that that isn't the case. There's no verification Right. At the point of upload. So like at the point of upload, what they try to say is, okay, let anybody upload. Right. Right. And then later on, you know, if somebody complains, we go, we will try to take it down quickly. And sometimes, you know, they didn't used to even take it down quickly. Right. Right. Or our moderators got review it, but no, before, so this is like prevention because there's that immortal of trauma. Right. One hour is too long on a site that's getting 170 million views per day.


Yeah. You know, and even if they can't download, you can screen record. Got it. Like you can. Right. So like any minute is too long, we have to stop it before it gets uploaded. And the only way to do that is to age and consent verify before it's uploaded. And they, because of the technology that we have, like they can do that at scale. Like they can do that on a massive Right. They could do It massive. But they don't because, But they don't because money, because Cost money Friction. Because when you introduce friction to uploading, you get less uploading. Right. Totally. You get less people who will do it. And so that goes against the whole big porn, free porn business model because they need massive amounts of content. Right. So anything that you would do that would diminish the amount of content on these sites, they don't wanna do.


Got it. They have to be forced to do it. And actually as of September of 20, 24, 4 PornHub after being criminally charged Right. And having have this monitor over their site, they're finally saying that we're gonna start verifying the agent consent of those who were in the videos as of September of 2024. However, they still have millions of videos that were uploaded prior that, that time that we, they don't know that time that we, they don't Know that They don't know. Yeah. So, and Visa and MasterCard. And are those companies are still accepting payments on those site? Well, No, not on PornHub. Oh, not on PornHub. Not on PornHub or any of the MindGeek ILO owned tube sites. Okay. They will not. So they're on those. They're not. So They're done. Yeah. And that's for the consent of the people in the videos too.


Yes. Okay. So they, they need to verify age and consent of those. But what I'm saying is, is, is PornHub currently accepting Visa and MasterCard payments at all? No. Okay. They can't. They would. They would like to but they can't. They can't. Yeah. No, they've been cut off from that. But PornHub is still not as of September, 2024, they said they were gonna start verifying Age, consent, consent of those of individuals Uploaded from then on. Yes. But not prior. Right. We don't know yet. Or gone through. No, for sure. They're not for sure. They, they haven't deleted the content that was uploaded prior to that, where it's only that uploader that was verified. Right. And it's not just like Rocky c Franklin. I mean, there's multiple other victims who are currently suing PornHub because they had verified uploaders uploading their trafficking.


Got it. Their Rape and abuse. Got it. So that's, you know, so that's the lay of the land, that's the solution going forward. And it's a matter of like public pressure. So I believe like this conversation is so valuable to this fight because we're introducing not only the problem to so many people who probably never heard that this was an issue before, but also the solutions so that we can pressure those in positions of power to implement the solutions to make the internet a safer place. Right. So who do we pressure though? Like who do I, when, if I have, if I have them in here? Yeah. Who do I ask and what do I ask them? Okay. So if you have like the CEO of Visa or MasterCard or the VPs there, that's why do you not have this policy in place?


And what will it take to get you there? Because The policy of to say Age and consent verification for every single person and every single video on a user-generated porn site like that, it's not gonna stop it a hundred percent. Right. But it's gonna stop it a lot. Yeah. It's gonna really, you know, just help make, like I said, like the internet an actual safer place. Oh, I wish that 15 years ago. So I would open it up and I'd be like, fuck, I can't even get in this thing. I can't even do it. Fuck it. I'm gonna go outside. I'm gonna go take a walk, or I'm gonna go do something. Yeah. I'm gonna respond to one of my buddy's text messages that was asking me to go do something. I'm gonna go do something positive, more positive for myself. I did a lot of positive things. I'm not saying like woe is me or anything like that, but when it came to a lot of like relationships and intimacy type shit, I was more like, it was, I, I, it was just uncomfortable.


And so using pornography was easier, but then that started to kind of like fray. Like the part of me, I think that even cared about building a relationship because it, I didn't nurture that part of me at all. Yeah. Part of some of times it didn't, it didn't even grow. How would it grow if I'm not sitting there, you know, nurturing it. Yeah. Or paying attention to it. Yeah. You know, the only part of just that dopamine fricking, you know, my dopamine thing was just leaking or whatever, you know? 'cause I'm just sitting there just watching all this slurp lord stuff on there. It's just trash. It's just, but anyway, whatever do your God, I help. Well, one of the things that's also happening is not just like intimacy and relational issues. Yeah. 'cause that happens, right?


Oh Yeah, dude. But it's also men. Young men are having kind of an epidemic of what they call porn induced erectile dysfunction. Oh Yeah. PED and yeah, PIED where there was a study in Canada and it was a journal of sexual medicine, and they had found a third of young men between 16 and 21 had issues with porn induced erectile dysfunction. Oh Yeah, buddy. And they're young. Yeah. Well, it's heartbreaking. And then here's, that creates a ton of shame and a lot of that's just nervous energy. And then here's the thing, if you get used to watching porn, then you finally are in an instance with a woman or the, is there some sexual activity or whatever, it's so foreign to whatever the part of your brain that watches a screen and the part of your brain that engages with someone, or too, I don't know this for a fact, but to me it feels like two totally different parts.


One of 'em is very active and feels very visceral and real, and one of 'em feels very passive and transactional almost in a way. Like, I'm gonna give this my attention and I'm gonna get some reward out of it. But that's all this is. Whereas over here, this is a field of communication and connection. Right. So, so yeah, I wanted to watch this right here watching pornography. This is a, from neuroscience news, watching pornography rewires their brain to a more juvenile state. That's interesting. Pornography has existed throughout recorded history.


I'd love to get someone to come in and talk about just the whole history of it. Hundreds of, at The, at the bottom here we have the impact. Okay. In the long term, pornography seems to create sexual dysfunctions, especially the inability to achieve erection or orgasm with a real life partner. Marital quality and commitment to one's romantic partner also appear to be compromised to try to explain these effects. Some scientists have drawn parallels between porn consumption and substance abuse. Though through evolutionary design, the brain is wired to respond to sexual stimulation with surges of dopamine. So if you get sexually stimulated, your brain gives dopamine. And that makes sense because Yeah, we're creatures that are supposed to reproduce right.


And have a traction. So this neurotransmitter most often associated with reward anticipation also acts to program memories and information into the brain. This adaption means that when the body requires something like food or sex, the brain remembers where to return to experience the same pleasure. Instead of turning to a romantic partner for sexual gratification or fulfillment. Habituated porn users instinctively reach for their phones and laptops when desire comes calling. Furthermore, unnaturally strong explosions of reward and pleasure evoke unnaturally strong degrees of habitation in the brain. Dang. That's wild. I could definitely see that. Yeah. And then it's like, and then you feel ashamed, you know, like what parent wants to go and talk to their son and wish him goodnight if he's been master.


I'm sure that's a weird thing. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know what that's like, but I'm sure that there's some shame there. It's like, yeah. Well that's where I think that one of the, the important things that we can do is create like actually shame-free zones where kids like The kitchen or whatever, I don't know. I mean like your household, right? Like, Oh, I see what you're saying. Oh, okay. I mean, you know, like where you can feel like you're in a relationship that is safe to talk about the things that you would feel ashamed talking about. Oh yeah. You know, because then you don't just stuff it Down. Well that's what, recovery meetings, that's one thing. That's why, why I think 12 step meetings are great. 'cause it's like, and if people are wondering, well how do I get into this meeting? There's slaa.org, I think it's called, if you wanna look at that up Nick, and see, but yeah.


But you can list, look up SLAA online. And that's just, you can find meetings and then once you get into a meeting, you can talk to people. Now you're not a weirdo. Now you get into a program, you kind of get some things organized. You create a, basically a set of principles for yourself, and then you have a new kind of design of for living. I wonder too, though, like in all of this and the recovery and all of the ways that you can help yourself and people who are struggling with this, you know, does hearing this truth about the victims who are on the other side of the screen. I've had it great of people and men and women who have struggled with compulsive porn addiction that they didn't want, but they couldn't like kick it.


They just really struggled with it. And when they heard about the victims who could be behind that screen on these sites, right, which is the primary way that porn is distributed today, they felt like it finally gave them the like fortitude or the motivation to just be like, I don't want to participate in somebody else's trauma. Like, I don't wanna participate in their suffering. I don't wanna give money. I don't wanna give clicks and views to a big porn corporation who's making a living off of the devastation of real victims' lives. And that is actually what gave them the, I guess like the ammunition to just Oh yeah.


Finally. Like, be like, no, like I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna Do that. Yeah. What were some, well, I certainly think you're right though. It's like, I have some friends that work in porn and that sort of thing, and it's not like, I don't think what they're doing is bad. I don't think that porn, for me, porn isn't good. Right? It's not a good, it's not, it hasn't been a tool that I used properly or whatever, and I don't think it's good for me. Right. It may be good for some people, it might be good for 'em, but I'm not damning the people that work in it or anything Like that. It's a big business. Neither am I business. I mean, I am like to each his own and for sure. But the kids should be able to access it, I think. I don't think it's good. No, I think it's kids is where you draw the line. Think It's really alarming. Becausecause, they can't choose.


Like they need to be able to Yeah. Get to adulthood before they decide where they can make that decision. And also it's that prefrontal cortex of the brain where it's like that decision making center of the brain. It's not even developed. So they can't like, Oh yeah. Reason perverted, like, should, is this gonna be good for me? Or do I want to do this? Or what are the consequences of me? You know? And they just don't have that yet. Yeah. And so like, they definitely need to be protected, but once you're an adult, you know, you can make decisions. Like you should have the freedom to make whatever decision do you want. Right. And I, I take the position of like, what, you know, if, if it is consenting adult, like that's their business. Right. And You know, So I agree. But they'd also be, we also had this like, imagine if you opened your door and there was just a bunch of porn there.


That's really what it's like. It's like, you know, I mean, the internet's just our front porch now. It's like, so you open your door and everything is there. Everything is there. Yeah. And so if you as a parent or as a country kind of can't decide maybe what should and shouldn't be there, sort of, and at a certain point you see enough proof, well, 90% of this many, this much percentage of people maybe get addicted to this. It ruins this many marriages. Hypothetic, like at a certain point you might think, this isn't for our society. This just doesn't help society that much overall. I'm not saying that, I don't know if that's true, but At least we can all, I mean, everybody can agree that like, step one, let's just keep kids away from accessing it and then Yeah.


You know, because they will get a, they will get that compulsive porn use when they Oh yeah. No doubt about that. I think we get it, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. La la I think that's, yeah, I think there's no doubt about it. I, it would be hard to hear. Listen to anyone's argument against that. Well, it's, I mean, they're not arguing that kids shouldn't watch porn, but they're arguing against the ways that we can prevent them from doing it, you know? Which Is kinda the same thing, isn't it? I mean, it's just a different, yeah. I guess it's a different way to say it, but Yeah. And who are the people that are arguing against It? The porn, the big, the people who profit from it. Right, right. Which is the, the big porn industry. But yeah, that's crazy. If you Had Hadda politician sitting in front of you, you know, I think probably you could just ask them, look, we need to introduce preventative laws to help keep victims from being abused on these sites across the internet.


And that is, again, age and consent verification for ev every individual. And I don't think there would be resistance to that. Like, I don't even think that the, the porn industry itself has a real legitimate, you know, way to resist that. Or they would, because they have been complying with USC 2 2, 5 7 for so long, like since 1988. Right. That standard has been like brick and mortar studio porn. But they've been doing it, so the internet just hasn't. Yeah. So they're just, it's just evolving with the internet. And so we just need, And the government's always behind the times. Yeah. So they just need to get up, get up at the Times's. It's the gap in between when the government is behind the times and when you, when People get hurt. Right? Oh, yeah, yeah. Just like this recurring. Yeah. It's this recurring market that continues to happen.


Just the the gravity is different. Yeah. The, the source of the gravity is different. We certainly appreciate, appreciate your work and appreciate you coming through here to share about this journey and what it's like to take on something like PornHub. Well, thank you for shining a light on this. Thank you for caring about it. Yeah. Thank you for talking about it. Thank you for being vulnerable about your own journey. Oh, yeah. As well. I think, I mean, what a, all I am is just fucking mule for my own bullshit at this point, or mule for my own problems. I Mean, I think it's so valuable because I think that it helps like normalize that conversation so that people can actually feel like they can talk about it and get help if they wanna get help.


I think, Well, I've been in a relationship for one time. I was just like, I've watched pornography instead of hook up with my girlfriend or have some sort of intimacy with my girlfriend. Yeah. And I, man, I feel horrible about that years later. You know, I just didn't have, I didn't know how to do it there. You know, I just was kind of, I don't know. I think I was, I didn't, I was, I didn't wanna talk to her about stuff. And So I just, it was easier to do that Yeah. Than like engage with her and Yeah. You know, but it's just, it, you know, just all comes at a cost. At the time I didn't think that it was, you know, I don't know what I thought. I don't think I was thinking, I think just, I was like, oh, this is the easy way. And I wasn't kind of brave enough to take the tougher work, the tougher route of like, unless let's lay here and talk and see what's going on, and then maybe build up some intimacy.


But even to just recognize that is like, yeah, so awesome. I Was outsourcing a lot of my intimacy, you know? Yeah. Just to this screen that didn't care about me really. Yeah. And then to potentially the people on the other side of the screen, you're saying they don't even know, you know, it's like, it's a really pretty twisted, you know, both sides. If you're, say if like there's somebody who's masturbating to a video of something that they, the person didn't want to be in it, right? Yeah. They're being exploited. This person's doing it just 'cause they're out of addiction or shame, you know, or addiction. They're stuck in this cycle that this is how they do to make themselves feel. Okay. Then you basically have this exploitation Cycle. People. Yeah. Neither one of 'em wants to be doing anything that they're doing. Yeah. And it's just this magnet of Just lack of freedom here and lack of freedom here.


'cause they're doing what they don't wanna do and they're being forced to do, you know, they're being exploited here. Their freedom is being taken away. They're just like, we need freedom. Freedom on both sides, right? Yeah. It's interra. I mean, being alive is a, it's inter it's a journey. But yeah, thanks for coming and, and, and sharing some of that information with us. Thank you. Yeah. And also just to not, also, if you like pornography and you can use it in a way that's okay for you, then that's your world too. I don't want everything to be a Debbie Downer that everything's horrible and this and that. We're not looking at that. You know, if you can casually jerk off or whatever, or touch your body or whatever, then that's good for you. You know? But I think this is when it maybe gets outta control.


And then at certain ages, people look at pornography differently too. I think, you know, I think when you're 17 or something, you're like just, you know, you're just fricking rabbiting around the town. You know, you can, you know, you're not even thinking about a bigger picture of things. Literally not thinking. 'cause they don't have that reasoning center developed till you're like mid twenties. Oh, you're just fricking Right. Serving jerk chicken all around town anyway. But yeah. What, what can people do to help support? Yeah. Well, so easy thing they could do sign the petition, right? Which is trafficking competition.com. They can read the book, take down a hundred percent of all proceeds from author proceeds from, that are donated to the Justice Defense Fund to support victims in their pursuit of justice and healing.


Amen. And the book it like, it will, it's written in first person, present tense, where you go on a journey of discovery with me. Where you go from that night, I described in early 2020, all the way through this fight. You meet the victims, you meet the whistleblowers, you, you know, go through this day to day with me. And so at the end of it, you really would feel like you are immersed in it. You understand it really deeply at like a heart level. You know, that was my goal for writing that book, was that it wouldn't just be like information that people get, but they would go on this journey and they would come out of it feeling inspired and activated to take action. And on that note, like they could join Team Takedown.


We've created Team Takedown. And so you can go to take down book.com and you can join there and all of that. So yeah. Cool. We're gonna just keep at it until, until justice fully prevails. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, you know, it's like, yeah. Once you start to put the light on something, it grows, you know? Yeah. And that's such a nice gift that you gave us here. The truth is like a lion, let it loose. It will defend itself. Saint Augustine, that's really cool. Take down Inside the Fight to Shut Down. PornHub, thank you so much for your time today. I really appreciate It. Thank you so much for having me. Oh yeah. It was really an honor. You Bet. On the, and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be Cornerstone.


Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of mind. I found, I can feel it in my bones, but it's going.