
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Today's guest is a former NFL wide receiver, a pro bowler, maybe one of the greatest NFL receivers of all time. He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, the New England Patriots, briefly for the Buccaneers and possibly for the Raiders. Since then, he found himself in multiple endeavors like his prestigious Cracker of the Day Awards where he gives out awards to whites and Honkeys and others. All Had Hadda. Good time getting to know him. He is very unique. Today's guest is the CT ESPN. Bad boy, Mr. Antonio Brown.


Like damn, get off my dj. Yeah, people own it. Oh, I didn't see 'em, but I believe you. They might. They got a lot of lurkers around here. Lot of lurk. Yo, I like this haircut though. What is that mullet? Let me think of how they call, I'm trying to think of the term for It. Shit swaggy though. I ain't gonna lie. I think it's, yeah, some people call it that. I Never, I It was a rat. I know your hat say Rat Tail. What? That's Rat King. Baby Rat King. I think baby, For me it's just keep you, if You could keep the mic. Oh, we on right now. We live. No, we can wait. We can whenever you I'm live. I'm ready. Come on. Shit. We in this. We on. We fucking here dog. Some people call it a mullet. I think it's just as is. Man. You wanna go Shades today?


We can do 'em. What do we got? Oh, We can wait to put 'em on. Whatever. Whenever you, we gotta step into the shade Tom. Alright, we'll do that. Just put like a shade on there. I need a pair though, Bri. I got some shades. You going, lemme see What we got. You got some of those? Need these? Yeah. Put those shit on. Seven 11 classics. Are they? Yeah. Gas station movie theaters. Seven 11. Seven 12. Bitch, welcome. Let's Go. We taking it to the next level in these Bitches. We going to the movie theaters. We gotta go 3D. All right. We going 3D out the gate, boy. Right to the movies. I'm with TV baby. Good to see you today man. Good to see you. Tv. My movie theater. Why they don't call you tv? They always say Theo Von.


They don't just say TV. Some. I'm trying to think of who, if some people says TV or not, some people might say it, but I don't know. It's a good question. Come on man. Your nickname should be television. Yeah. Yeah. That's another, I'm trying to think of what a good nickname for me would be. What's your nickname? Ab Gold Diva. Good Dick. Oh, Mr. Kechum. All. Okay. You never heard of Ash? Catch him. Ash Catcher. Ash Kechum. Uhuh. He catch Pokemons. He does, but His slam was Kechum all. And it's an Asian guy. Yeah, Asian guy. Yeah. Oh. They love to get out there and catch him drawings. You know, animations. They should have a Asian, like a Asian Pokemon Catch 'em All championships.


Yeah, that'd be cool. I didn't see a I, that's something I would love to witness more of. Ab good to see you man. Thank You man. How you doing? I'm alive man. You know it's a lot of pressure out there. Facts. The trenches are getting fucking tight. Real tight. It's oh Shit. Getting sticky. It's getting whoa Sticky Bro. Somehow I have to leave my shoes and just walk off in my socks, bro. Because, got To gotta leave your footprint and we y'all bro. Pull a ab bro. Just be out, bro. Fuck It. That's it, huh? Yeah, that's it bro. That must have been the best day whenever you quit your job. Yeah, that was the best Bro. Because I think there's a part of that, bro. Where everybody could feel, 'cause everybody wants to take their shirt off and walk out There.


Job. Take that moment. Right. Yeah. Bye. But some people can't Buy FedEx. Buy fucking looks like another good company. Buy U-P-S-U-P-S Target anything. Yeah. It's always good man. When you go walk out on your own freedom and make the moves that you believe in, you know? 'cause in life, life is already written for everyone. If you want to be a football player, you know, if you in high school, you gotta pass the clearinghouse. You gotta have the right grades for the SAT. It's a certain requirements that they lay out for. You gotta for what you got to be, to be that. Yeah. In my life you gotta lay out what you want to be within yourself. And most of the time, you know, the most important thing is to be in tune with God.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 'cause I guess as a, as a football player, the path is kind of there. It's like you gotta do this, you gotta be everything Lined up for you. Right. In my life. You gotta create your own life man. You gotta have the freedom and the balls to, you know, choose what you want. And football don't last forever. You know it's injuries. It's a lot of things that go into it. Oh hell yeah. Oh damn, y'all got Them? We got the honey pack. Y'all got them backwards, huh? Yeah, I brought some ZI. Yo I know you. You can smoke it man. I'll watch you. Alright bet. I'll fucking watch you smoke that shit. This is like therapy, you know as a black man, they always want to fuck me over. Who does backwards. How many's in there? They put five in there. Huh? Yeah. Why you think they shorten you?


They always short us. Oh yeah, you gotta have one on the bench. That's how you Get your weed deliver. Oh damn. And what's in there? That reminds me of poppy steak. They ever bring that steak out to you. You been there. Of course. That's why all the girls like to Goat poppy steak, huh? Yeah, They like that beef at poppies. Ooh Dang. That's when everybody comes running. You shake that. I like you shake that eight ball at a party. Everybody bro. You have them coke, ghosts. They show up like ooh, they've been dead. But they show, they hear that eight balls shaking and be like, ooh they Crazy that, see that 80 Dude, I, oh there's poppy steak right there. That's where they pull up At. Yeah, that's the movie Steak.


They Grilling that meat right there. Yeah, they going crazy. That meat came in a Lunchable. That bitch. That's a fucking bro. That's a rich ass Lunchable. That's a fire. Right. That's a rich ass Lunchable Right there. That shit came in a hot pocket dude. My mom, we used to put silverware. She would fucking, she put silverware in a lunchbox. Nothing in that bitch right out. Open it up. Bam boy. Yeah That what the fuck are you eating? Nothing Bro. Stay hungry. Huh? Yeah. Stay hungry motherfucker. That how we eat. Keep going You Fool. Keep going boy. You in the chiche. Hey you bru. My mom Had Hadda. Good sense of humor. She'd like, ha ha. I love ya. That's Just Right. She put in there. So she Had Hadda. The note was nice but it still, yeah, I would've preferred some proteins or something in there, but Yeah.


But you smoked in backwoods? Yeah, I smoked backwoods. Yeah. I got my nephew some good backwood clothing for Oh yeah, they would come out with some clothes Christmas last year. The sweats and hoodies, right? Yeah. He's A backwood guy. He's a, he's, I think he's nine. I don't know if he is or not. You know, he's still pretty young. He young. He's a Roblox guy. Oh shit. Okay. But if they did a Roblox Backwood collab, he'd be on it. That's him right there. Max in the middle Young. Oh yeah, I handsome kid. Yeah, he pretty good. He got a good hairline on him. I know. Kid Swaggy. Yeah. I don't look at him too much. Where you from there? You from New Orleans? I'm from outside of Louisiana. I'm outside of New Orleans. I'm trying to think if we had any probe athletes that came outta our area. Yeah. One of my baby mamas said they went to, they came from the same spot you in.


Really? Yeah. You know I got a baby mom collection. How many? Oh damn. How many you got? Yeah, I got, I think I got enough in the back or maybe five. Oh Wow. That's, you got a pack? Yeah. You got a starter pack? I got, yeah. I woke up a sour patch. Where's my starter pack Dude? Somebody say you not a real black father till you've had three kids. Is that true or not? Like in a black community? That's what I heard. Nah, I think you aint a black father till you get on child support. 'cause then you know, like what it take to be a black father. I think my dad was on child support years and years. I think it's just like in a black community, I feel like the government is taking out woman.


It's like, yo, if you grew up in a inner city community, you Had Hadda kid with a woman is like, if you gonna go outta way and try to make some of yourself, the government gonna take your spouse. Because now they tell the spouse, yo, you gonna be in section eight. You gonna get free food, food stamps. The government just took, took my mom. Now they took my mom. Now my dad can't even come back to the house. So it's like why? 'cause if he comes back, then she loses the The benefits. So it's like Exactly. So it's like, hmm. The government really just took your bitch. So as a black father, it is like man to experience that you really, you know what I mean? To be a black dad and in all seriousness is like really bad because you have a kid and you're trying to go out and make some of yourself and these women, the government come in and take it right out.


'cause it's like, yo, it's hard to be a dad. My dad had me when he was in college at Louisiana Tech. Oh He went to Louisiana Tech? Yeah. Like that was up in Ruston, huh? Yeah. Right where you were. Right around your area? Yeah. Was he playing ball up there or no? Of course my dad was touchdown. Eddie Brown, like a, nah, The greatest receiver bring him up. Time him, pull him, see a picture of him, man. Touchdown. Eddie Brown. Pull up the Louisiana Tech. There he go. Right there, There. Pull up Eddie bro. If you needed him, he's in the end zone. That's where you gonna have to pull him up bro. Bro. They Call him touchdown. He got like 300 tuts. Hey bro. Good Ass. He, yo, he is like the number one arena league football player of all time. Really? Did he play in Boise? Where'd he play arena at? He Played in Albany Fibers. The team I just bought. And I realized they don't want us to own shit either, bro.


I bought the team, they was kicking me off the field. I think I just gotta move outta America. What you think the tv, I'm trying to think where we would, could you could, 'cause you would be considered an export at that point. Yes. So that's a trade agreement we'd have to get with another continent I would guess. I'm trying to think of who we could get for you. Who could we get on the international market? That's a good question. That's what I'm saying. Who could we do it? How could we do it? Who they gonna trade a ab for? That's What I'm saying. What the market value for this Shit. Yeah. What's the, What's the pussy rate on that? Yeah, what's the exchange rate on the Nas dick? You know? What's the exchange rate on the ab if we put you out there For real? I be feeling like a cow or a dog.


Like these bitches Theo, these bitches want to milk me like a cow. Who you talking about when you say them, People in general, people that's around you that know your position. Like Theo, you real successful now? Like do people just take photos of you everywhere or do people expect more out of you? Like if you was going to a restaurant with your buddies, like who covering the towel? Yeah, I think I would like to cover it most of the time. Just because I know that I have the ability to cover it without having to worry about it as much. Maybe you know, the next day or week, you know, or Yeah, but sometimes, yeah. You don't feel like good cow? I feel like a cow but I feel like I'm my own shepherd at the same time.


Okay, Okay. I like that. You gotta be your own shepherd. But you don't want people to treat you like a cow. You don't want people to treat you like a cow. Yeah, no I think, no, I, I don't, I I think what makes me kind of uncomfortable. Yeah. Sometimes if people are recording you for no reason, that's weird. Exactly. But That's weird Everybody. But that's the new world we live in. Everyone want to get that film of you just that so they can show somebody later or just feel like they, they cool by association and it's like, yo boy I didn't want you to record me right now. I'm relax. Yeah, We don't, You don't need cameras right now. Dude. I saw one, one time it was me just walking somewhere dude. And I'm not the best walker or whatever.


You know How you walk. You got a nice scroll. Are you walking like what you emphasizing when you walk in with a strut tv? I say chest up. Yes. Eyes up. Yeah. You on your toes or your heels? I'm right in the middle baby. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I'm that middle dog. You won't catch me on the front order back though. Like That. Just somewhere in the middle. I see it. The 50 yard line. That's where I'm at bro. Right Between the list. Yeah. Right In the middle. Yeah. I'm that fulcrum baby. I'm just, 'cause you don't know if the Lord's getting me or the devil's getting me. I'm right there. I'm on that tightrope. That's how I walk. I like that. I'm on that fucking tightrope boy. You don't know if I'm fucking, you don't know what I'm doing. I Like that. But yeah, I like to be, I walk, let me see.


Yeah I kind of push my like forward. I move like I'm moving forward Like a demon. Wow. Yeah. Like a pretty nice demon though. Like that Nice. I like that. Yeah. Like that nice Superhero vibes. Like that nice ass demon. Yeah. But sometimes yeah, I saw a video one time and it was like, damn, this dude ugly bro. That was a fucking video. That was a caption with all Like damn that was hating on you. No, when somebody call you ugly that mean you swaggy. That's an excuse for it. They didn't mean it like that. I Think they mean it like that. Well I Like your attitude when People call you ugly, that mean you swaggy like look at this ugly motherfucker. That's true. That mean you looking fly bro.


You Know what I'm saying? Oh that's a good attitude. You right bro. Yeah. We ugly as fuck son. Ugly motherfucker. Yeah If you need me Ugly ass. Look at these pieces of shit. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good attitude man. You're right. I am ugly motherfucker. Yeah. And watch my ugly ass get some shit done. Yeah. Watch this ugly motherfucker go to work. Yeah, right. Yeah. That's a good attitude man. Fact Life is about attitude. You know why? 'cause people, it really is, people like to create narratives, create stories. They don't really care how people feel. They don't care how your family react. They keep us at a certain level. I don't think that's just a community. 'cause bro, I grew up in Miami, Florida. Liberty City, we Had Hadda big drug game if you never heard about it called John Doe.


Yeah, Michael Irvin, huh? Yeah. But Michael Irvin from like Michael Irvin just played football in Miami. I don't know if he grew up in Liberty City. I think he grew up in Broward. So I don't, I don't really know what his lifestyle was but I know I grew up on 58th Terrace and 17th Avenue in the heart of Liberty City. Wow. You know what I'm saying? And the culture of a black community. 'cause I know I love this city. You talk about black people, black community. 'cause I feel like you from New Orleans, so you've been around a lot of black people your whole life. But being in Liberty City is not like the country. 'cause I know New Orleans is like country, low country is not, It's like a mix. Louisiana is a mix of like country City. It's a mix of country. Light city. Exactly. But in Liberty City, yo we, yo we we have like the John Doe boys is like the police of the neighborhood.


Okay. So like these guys like you pull 'em up, yo pull up John dope weed base and blow Pulling up city watch on a watch later. Yeah. I'm trying show, I'm trying to, I'm trying to educate you guys about the black community where we come from. Look up the guy from John Doe, his name TR Bubba this look up Miami. John Doe Put it on these motherfucker watching MythBusters on this bitch. Put something on man. Put it on Jack. Put John Doe right there. Death penalty case of John Doe. Gang leader in peril is Judge disqualified Liberty City. You see that in the 1990s? In the 1990s in a, so, okay In Liberty City. So when you do the homework, yeah the black community is ran by a go.


A John Doe go gang. They just make money in our neighborhoods. You see what I'm saying? So They don't even live there? No, They live there. Oh they do. They on the next block on 58th Street. Yes. Trav, his family Had Hadda whole crouch. This guy Had Hadda whole, it's like they was running a, in a business in the inner city that wasn't the right business. But they showed the inner city people hope like the good cars that came by when we had football games. They came and supported like you guys playing against them. Oh yeah, we got you here. Go to Money jerseys. They gave us hope. Nice shoes. Yeah. Nice opportunities to make us look forward for the great things. Yeah. But these environments, that was called what Section eight.


You ever heard of Section eight? Oh Yeah. Section Eight. So these type of environments was given to who? Our moms, most of the people that's living in the inner city is single moms that's been provided the house from the government to put us in these places with low income people and know. And so we had the 1 0 6 and park the look at tv. We had the John Doe guys to come over and give us hope about, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It was like our neighborhood heroes because we didn't see, people didn't come to Liberty City and Have regular lives. Kinda like, Nah, they didn't, there Wasn't like a lot of dads there were like doctors and shit like that. Nah, I wasn't a lot of dad presence period. Because the section eight, your dad can't even come around these areas.


So these areas are outsourced by the government because now if your dad come in play your mom, they don't get the food stamp card to buy you food. Yeah. So these guys was like our heroes that gave us hope in those situations. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Now I see that. I never really thought about that concept before. That the dad couldn't come back because of fed How your dad gonna come. Yeah. If your dad come, your momma don't get the section eight. She don't get the free lunch. The free housing. What? Women who have a lot of kids and a lot of stress and a lot of to dudes with a lot. You know what I mean? Yeah. I hadn't thought about it like that. You know what I mean? Well, in our neighbor, in our, in our area, a lot of the black girls got, they all got pregnant, you know, over the summertime after seventh grade.


'cause white people, I love my white people, they put their kids on birth control at 16. They already got a chip in them that's blocking it. That's probably caused the other black moms. They already, they already Had Hadda kid probably early. So if you, whatever your family or your mom, whatever, you grew up in that situation. Yeah. To you that would come the normalcy. Normalcy. You know what I mean? So if, if the percentage of black women going to college is pretty low. So if you are in a neighborhood where you, it is a fast neighborhood and people growing up fast and they doing stuff fast, you're probably per, I mean less chance, likely chance of you definitely getting pregnant because Oh yeah. Alpha Male, you know black dick is king.


Yeah. I haven't seen, yeah, I don't see, yeah, I've seen you seen black. I mean I'm seen something online. I don't need to see any right now. You know what I'm saying? I'm good. I hope these shades block out Black dig bro. You feel me? Because I ain't trying to see any today bro. Yo, yo. The rate of fucking yo in the, in the Liberty City, they see a fine girl. They like yo tv. You done nut in that? Nuh you should nut in. That's what the black culture pre emanated in Liberty City. So then I Had Hadda go over and try to have, get, get some sex with the lady. I mean no, they telling you did you nut in that like you, if you was from Liberty City and you brought a hot girl, they would've been like yo tv. You ain't nut in that. Wow. They give you the wrong guidance. Oh, I see.


At an early age. Imagine you in the neighborhood. They didn't say, Hey tv, you didn't take that lady on a nice date. Nah, they'll tell you to take her on the date. They just gonna say bust a nut in her. Oh wow. What dude, the, the cracker of the year this year was Shane Gillis. Man. Congratulations dude. Yeah. Shane Gillis amazing man. Crack of the year was Donald Trump. Oh He was crack of the year. Yeah man, he overcame so much and he kept his class. He kept his coolness. Imagine he almost got killed. Right. Running for president. Yeah. Almost got took down by people trying to take him to jail. You never really seen a cracker really go through this type of intensity of his life and the government trying to take you down. Yeah. It's only like a nigga thing to be real.


But he handled it with such class. Did that give him more respect for him? Of course. You see how many black people changed the tide and switch for him. You see Stevie a Smith apologize like a bitch Now he me too. Yeah. Yeah. He fell on his knees too. Everybody. Exactly. Because yeah, Had Hadda certain point, He showed it because Trump showed that he could be a nigga and handle it with class. It's like black people go through that shit all the time. Look at my boy Young Thug. Yeah. Just fucking went to jail for some shit he made up. Oh. Some shit was made up. Like he, you know what I mean? Free young, free Young Thug. Free Quavo too. Is he locked up? No. These guys out Quavo Young thug's out. Oh, good. Free young dirk. Free young Dirk. What'd he do or what didn't he do? I mean, what they say he do?


It's a bunch of, he say, she say, I don't know the fact, don't Ask me Jack. Don't ask me. I got that dude with it. I got nothing to do with him. Right. You did. But no, that's, that's a big thing that happened for Trump was they put him on all of those charges. Right. That every, he was in court every week and then they tried to Shoot him. They tried to kill him. And so that's, if anything, if any, anybody, if any group could probably relate to some of that type of energy was black community. They trying to kill us every day. You know about Martin Luther King? You seen Nipsey Hu It's a whole list of yo pull up the list of black guys. That was an elite who just died out the blue. Maybe it was, what do they call it when they kill you out the blue and they don't even know. Oh, Assassination or whatever.


No, no. That's when they just kill you. Oh. They dis what They call it when they just, they kill you and they just be like, oh, it was a, you know what it's called? Oh, What accident? Assassinate. No, we just tried that one. Conspiracy. Exactly. It was a pussy. Yep. Pussy. Yeah. It's like they think black people is like the new vagina, like the designer vagina. We gonna keep using them. Keep fucking them. No, you gonna keep fucking them. Like what happened to Kobe Brown? Like I ain't never seen no one other airplane going down. Never one. When other time has it happened where choppers went off like that? Yeah. And it was for Kobe Bryant though. I think Donald Trump just did a big thing yesterday, released the conspiracy information for the king family.


Martin Luther King Always is hiding conspiracy amongst people of my kind of people that's being fucked over. Well Why? First of all, if we live in a country where it's free communi where the communication. Yeah. Why did we, why did his family didn't get the the condolences to know what happened? Well why didn't we all just get the truth? You know what I'm saying? Why the files have to be like, why is there a top secret files? Because black guys are like designer vagina. They just give fuck. I mean that go the list. Yo, you got the list Black lencia bro. Yeah. It's like they just fucking you over. Well did you see some of the stuff I've seen is that people are, they're trying to accuse him of being a homosexual. Of course that's what happened with every black man. They just try to, They try to throw him under that under the gun.


Throw you under, Just throw your fucking shit that you build up. It don't even matter Under the LG BS Dude. Dude ma bro. Martin Luther King was in a hotel getting pussy before they shot him. I believe he was. Come On man. You see how he look? You think ma Dr. King is not getting pussy? Oh I, yeah, I would definitely, I I could see him definitely getting that. But that's what they do. They change their narrative on guys. Well they wanna bring, they wanted to. They want to. Why They do that Though? It could be a character assassination. Nah. Yeah. It, it is always a character assassination when you black. Because they always gonna make it seem like you just too aggressive or too flamboyant. You know what I'm Saying? But when they say who, when they, when you say they are, does it mean like, are you talking the FBI to CIA?


Are you talking I don't know who is they? Right. They is a word that you just try to figure out who is they. Right. You know what I'm saying? So when I say they, I'm not talking about no particular people. It may be, but it's definitely some people in power. I don't know who they is. They is a Miss school word. That's why it's called Pussy. Yeah. Conspiracy pussy. Okay. 'cause we don't know who the guy who's doing the fucking, but we know we getting Fucked. Right, right. Hey tv. Oh, if I wake up with CU on my shoulder, bro, something must have happened Bro. I'm having wet dreams. It's come all over my fucking self. Something Must have happened bro. Yeah, Bro. After like, what's going on? What's going on man? What The fuck is going On? Don't ask me bro.


If you ask me. I don't know nothing to do with it. I got nothing to do. Mine ain't Bennett. I'm not in it, but I'm seeing what's going on. Yeah, I'm just seeing what's going on. You know,


I just went through this on my phone and computer. I Had Hadda get it all figured out. I was paying for extra services that I didn't want. You know, they had some different annual, some of 'em were annual, some of 'em were monthly. There were things I couldn't believe I was still involved in. Rocket Money helped me figure that all out. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Wow. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/t HEO. That's rocket money.com/theo rocket money.com/t HE.


This episode is sponsored by Underdog. Yeah, we finally found it baby. We finally found a hitter for putting a little money on sports with Underdog. All you have to do is choose higher or lower on stats. Cook up a few of those and you've got an entry. You can fire off an entry for as little as $1 and win up to 1000 times your money. That's a lot. And these guys at Underdog Care about keeping things fun. They've got responsible gaming limits and other resources to make sure this doesn't turn into one of the dark arts. If you sign up for Underdog today, you'll instantly get up to $1,000 in bonus cash when you make your first deposit. And a gimme pick. Which means a superstar only has to get one yard or point to win it's fire baby. That's it. They've got all your favorite sports. N-B-A-N-F-L-N-H-L. They even got NASCAR on there, baby. That's right. As long as you can game responsibly. Underdog has it. They've got something special as well. For the big game. If you sign up using code Theo, you'll get a no sweat entry, which means either you cash in or you get bonus cash back. Thank you. Underdog.


How about having better sex with BLUECHEW? BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. BLUECHEW is putting its money where its mouth is and offering you a month free. The process is simple. Sign up at BLUECHEW dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved you'll receive your prescription within days. Yeah. BLUECHEW tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try your first month of BLUECHEW free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast


Cracker of the Year. What? Oh, go on. So that's why I started the Cracker of the Year. Okay. To just bridge the gap between people because we all want human race. And I was like, you know what, let me bridge the gap. You know? 'cause I love my crackers, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That who made me rich. Shout out to Art Rooney, Dan Rooney, some of my favorite crackers of the year. You know, I just, you know, we wanna bridge the gap of racism, but just, yeah. And some of the ways to do that is humor. I agree, Man. Humor. Right. You a funny motherfucker. Well thanks man. You are too, dude. Thank you bro. You definitely, you went, you went about it some unique ways too. That's like your own thing. I think you're really unique. Thank you brother. Did you always have a desire to be like, I know this is a, it's a kind of a strange question, but did you always have a desire to be unique or to be different?


Like, I Just like be myself man. I feel like in life it's free to be who you are, but Were you always like that as much or were you more of like, was there a point where you're like, you know what, I'm just gonna do things how I want to do them now? Nah, you gotta always respect authority. You know what I'm saying? Like in life you gotta know your position. Yeah. And respect authority. You can't really, in life, you need people. You can't really do nothing by yourself. That's true. Like even playing football is like, yo, I'm going against my man, but I got 10 more mans helping me out though. You know, to make this easier. So it's like in life you need a team, you know what I'm saying? You could never do nothing just by yourself. And it's always a collective of people that's there, you know, in your corner that's in, you know, pre emanating your highest self.


So to me, I just always felt like, yo, I grew up in Liberty City. My dad was a a, a great football player, but my dad endured a lot of adversities through his family. You know what I'm saying? With just growing up in the forties with my grandma, my grandma having to work a job and my dad having to take sports for like a job early. You know what I'm saying? Right. So was it even something you think he want? Because I feel like this and I wonder if there's a lot of young black men, right. Young black women that do sports that don't even really want to be doing them. But it's a means to an end because at some point it was kind of the only choice. I think there's more choices now. Exactly. You know, and that's just my outsider judgment. I'm not saying that I know that, but it seems like No, you do know that that's a valid opportunity.


Because think about it, you growing up in Liberty City, bro, we, I'm growing up where it's like drug selling and dope dealers killings. Right. In this neighborhood. Yeah. Guys that's going to prison for life, right. In this neighborhood. Right. So it's like you either become a part of that or you make a commitment right there and you're within yourself to be like, yo, I'm not gonna be that right. I'm gonna do this. You know? And that emanates that attitude and that individualistic, you Know? Oh, I see what you're saying. You know what I'm saying? So right there you're creating some sense of individualism. Something just by not going with the mainstream that is in those types of neighborhoods to have a little bit more drugs and violence going on. Exactly. Because you could either be a part of it 'cause you've seen it or you could commit to be the difference.


You know what I'm saying? And But do the people in the neighborhood that are committed to the more hectic lifestyle. Yeah. And the more trenched behavior. Do they look down upon guys who were trying to get out? No, They respect it man. Like those guys that come to me and be like, yo, don't do what we do, man, here go money man, make sure I got your jersey this week, man. We at the game two touchdown. So they giving me incentives like, yo keep doing this. Because I feel like guys in the city, when they get accustomed into like the gritty it just because they know, it's like, man ain't No way for us. Like that's how my uncle grew up. My uncle just always felt like, man, I ain't working for nobody. I ain't, 'cause he felt like he was already in the system. But I just felt like, man, I wasn't gonna let the system deteriorate me from going after who I wanted to be.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I feel like a lot of women that's in the black communities and males, they get accustomed with the, just the trauma and the stuff. They always get addicted to it. The Trauma and everything. Because your whole family here, you see your mom like, damn, this is who my mom went through and turned it to. So sometime I feel like you feel like, man, it's a part of my family now to just be here. Mm. But to me, you know, I had the attitude like, man, I not gonna let my situation now affect what I could be and what I could do because in this situation right here, I could make it better. You know What I mean? And then once there's enough, better avenues other p the the younger yous coming up start to see better opportunities. Better Opportunities.


Yeah. Oh, I remember, yeah. When I was growing up, the black kids in my area, they didn't have, we had like the best job you could have, it felt like was a school teacher. Right. We Had Hadda couple black female school teachers. We Hadda assistant principal, Riley Coleman, shout out RIP and I. He used to sleep in the trunk of his car at lunch a little bit. Get he used to get, catch him a little break. Catch him a little nap. No, Wendy, He used to look probably one time I was over by the fence. I saw him getting in that bitch. I was like, damn, what's Riley doing? And he looked at me like that. I tell nobody, Nobody I'm getting, He was catching a little nap. Yeah. But they didn't have like a lot. Like, I remember, dude, I, it wasn't until a few years ago I went to the a doctor for the first time.


That was a black Zocdoc. That's why I seen you ain't never, I'd never seen I, and I'd never thought that. I'd never seen it before. I've seen black doctors on television. I'd seen black, you know, and I, I probably met black doctors, but I'd never been into the room where you're like, okay, you're gonna go meet with the doctor and you get in there and it's a blackout. Like, damn is he gonna know what's wrong with me? You know? I just, my brain didn't Comfortability with it. Yeah. It was just different. So I then I started to think, well I wonder what it was like for black people always going to white doctors then be like, exactly. Does this doctor care about like just even just the thought in your head right. Thought Process. Yeah. Yeah. So that was just, it's definitely interesting. I Think you never really see people I feel like you come accustomed to, you know what I'm saying? Like, it don't matter what color the person is in position.


You know what I'm saying? I feel like black people grew up where it was so rough is that you gotta have a, a lot of love in your heart to not even Get into that. Yeah. It just turned demon. Yeah. It's like, yo, you gotta have yo know what I'm saying? So black people do got a lot of love in their heart because you go through the most, it's like, yo, I can't even be a good football player without somebody saying something negative. And it is like, I guess for a black person, we're used to that. Mm. We're used to people assassinating our character or putting pressure on us to term oil to get more diamonds out of us because that's how we was built. Yeah. It's in the history, man. Damn. Well, yeah. It's, I and I, I think I always re I always Like, you fucked some black before.


Right? Well it's, let me think about some of this. I yeah, I've definitely, Okay. Okay. Did you have an addiction for design A vagina? I haven't been to the addiction yet. Yeah. It was, this was an old, Not a addiction. Everybody get pussy, you know about testosterone? Yes sir. Okay. Do you ever get, like, you got no pussy and you just feel like you're mood off? Oh Yeah, boy. Okay. Damn. So you a man. You get it. I'm not saying you think that, I'm saying you need sex 'cause a part of a human body that's normal. Exactly. The normalcy, you know what I mean? Oh yeah, buddy. I know what you mean. That's normal, man. That's normal behavior. Let me think about this. You know, there was, I, I definitely, I envied black culture sometimes.


I mean a lot of people envy black culture because black culture is is where like people take a product to make it cool. Right? So a lot of times a company will come out with a product nowadays they attach a black artist to it or put it through the black community in some way and then it makes it cool. Right? Does that make sense to you? Of course. Because black, black, I don't wanna say I'm accusing of that or anything. No, I'm just saying that that's what I've heard. Does that make sense to you? That's pretty much a fact of the world. It's like, name some things that's black that you need in your life. Coffee. I know every, Oh yeah, Coffee. You got oil. What else you like that's black. Hold on, let me just ask you some question. Ooh, Black olives. All right, so let me just ask you some Question. Yeah. Give a black collar, right? Fuck Green olive, bro.


If, if you was, if alright, if you was to go get a haircut, if you was to go get a haircut Yeah. Or if you were to call a handyman, what's some of the like Spanish woman clean the house for me, Mexican people clean up real well. You know what I mean? Like what's some stuff you use black people For? Let me think. Feel good. Music, entertainment. Yep. So black people set the culture for like Artistic culture. Artistic culture for how you feel, how you dancing? Yeah. How you, I mean the value of jewelry. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. A lot of our, a lot of culture is kind of set by the, It's coming through the black culture. Let me think the, lemme think of the word I'm looking for.


Gimme one second here. A lot of black people I think add jazz to things, right? And that could be to music, it could be black People be getting robbed for everything. What's the, the artist who was a big artist who just copy everybody? Bruno Mars or whatever. Nah, I don't know Bruno copy. I Oh copied. I didn't hear that. It was a rockstar guy who just copy every black guy song. Big famous guy, man. I don't know you talking about Elvis. Elvis off Chuck Berry. Alright, thank you. Exactly. Rob the black culture of all their songs and people would just let him go with it. Did he bring that up? Did Elvis Rob the black Folks put that Elbert fucked us over. Damn. Really? Well Elvis well his well was a, his manager was a dog man. I'm not saying he didn't, Elvis Was fucking girls.


That was 13. How you think r Kelly got the artistic the know like what a rock star is Uhuh? You don't think so? R Kelly I think came up with some, a little bit of his own shit. Man. Yo Elvis was only fucking girls. That was teenage ages. It Was, Nah. Really? Yo Google it so we could educate each other here Please. Yeah. Let's see what's going on man. What did Black and Ray Charles, that boy stole Ray Charles stole bar from bar Bro. Everybody stole everything from Ray Charles. Bro. Come on dog. You are right. But it's like Elvis was so big. Elvis was so Big, right? You couldn't say, hey, no listen, you couldn't say no against him. You gotta give the credit to the people you take. You just can't rob people of their art. Oh, I agree with that. You Know what I'm saying? Yeah. You gotta at least get the credits.


In 1994, Ray Charles sat down for an interview with NBC's Bob Costas and gave scathing critique of Elvis Presley to say that Elvis was so great. And So I was standing like, he's the king, the king of what? I know too many artists that are far greater. He was doing our kind of music. So he's saying that he's like, he's saying like there was some culture Vulture style going on. But does it say that he stole? I'm not saying that he did it. I I've heard this Pull up the songs that Ray Charles said that he stole. That he could, he could show you the bar for bar probably on YouTube. Yeah. I'm just trying to get some truth there. 'cause I've heard this too. I don't know if it's true. It might be. It's definitely true. But think about it. If, if if black people ran the country every read you too. 'cause they'll will they people in No way too, too. It's not like a knock it just a fact.


Right? If you came up in music culture and you heard about Elvis Presley because what was Elvis Presley time that he was around, we was probably wasn't even around when he was around fifties or whatever. Exactly. So you gotta think back if R Kelly came up and these guys were looking up to a guy. Yeah. Oh no, I could easily, Yeah, those songs right there. Okay. Tim Black Rock and Roll Musicians, Elvis Presley stole music from, It was hard for black artists to get their music played on mainstream stations. But that did not stop record label executives and white artists from discovering music from black artists and covering their songs. Elvis was arguably one of the biggest stars to cover songs by black artists while mimicking their mannerisms and vocal inflections.


And I said, the king of what? And he got mad at me. You see, I don't think of ever like that because I know too many artists that are far, much, far greater than Elvis. I think Elvis was person came along at the right time for whoever was a white kid that could do rock and roll or rhythm and blues or whatever the name you want to call it. And the girls could swoon over him. And that Cole got in trouble in Alabama when the women swooned over him got put out of town and black people been going out shaking their behind for, for, for centuries. What the hell is unusual about that? Shaking their hips and stuff. And that's all Elvis was doing was copying that. This is Otis Blackwell.


Yeah. Right There. He has the voice and pin behind some of Elvis's biggest hits, such as Don't Be Cruel and All shook up. After briefly pursuing a solo career, he decided to step behind the scenes and become a songwriter when he discovered how good of a living he can actually make doing that. Yeah, I'm not saying I'm just cur I'm curious about it too, man, because you always hear this, but then I I never really have any information about it. Shit Right in front of us Because this kind of shit happens all the time in every type of community where in every type of business where people will see stuff, they copy it and they take it. There's still lawsuits about this every day. It feels like Also the laws at the time didn't pro, like the laws protecting against us are stronger now than they were at the time.


I'm sure. And if a black guy walked into a place that he stole my music, he'd probably be scared to even say that because of the repercussions that were coming. Nah, he, he was so big for the executives. Like back in the days it was a different time. If you like, just dive into the history and see like it wasn't big for black blues artists. They was cutting you off. That was what Ray Charles was saying. Like they was stopping your way for even making means. You know what I'm saying? I could definitely see that. But that's part of being creative. If he, I don't, I love ever express, I won't say it's no knock on ever, but it just go back to the theme that we was talking about black people in history being and put down. But if, if, if a black person ran the world, then it'd probably be the same way. They would just do it a different way. Right. They do it for the black people. Yeah. But it is not like a bad thing.


It's just what it is. It's what it is. Right. Exactly. But I could imagine this, imagine this man, imagine you created something really cool, right? Especially music. Because I think course music is so special to people, right? You and then somebody stole it, right. And you can't even because of how you're Perceived but as black culture, That's what I'm saying, but how you're perceived at that time especially, you couldn't even go in and say, hey this person stole It. Nobody ain't even gonna represent you. Right. Who you gonna represent? You go after that. So you gotta swallow all of that. So you gotta see your craft being Oh but that bro. But that's the part of being back, bro. That's the anger that you know, you being robbed, robbed, robbed of your shit. That's you being raped of your character. You being character assassinated. You being conspired.


And it is like you still gotta find the energy to put yourself up. Fucking put your shoes on. Exactly. Just like being a football player. Like yo boy, don't forget a football player is a number. Right. It's you a number. Yeah. They picking many of You. Number 84 number 72 number. Yeah. It's All a number. So it's like it's gonna come to an end. You know what I'm saying? Like what you going, what you want me, me to leave when I'm hurt or you want me to leave when they don't want me no more. Okay, so how I'm gonna go transition to another job. Right. Are they going be, are they going take, oh, all I could be is a, a coach. Like I can't even show up on time to be a player. Like, but bru, if you work for FedEx you can get that bitch there quick bro. Nah, I can't work for FedEx But I'm just saying bro. Like that's what I'm saying. But that's like an average job. Like from a God coming in You how fast you could get that bitch hair bruh.


Less than overnight bro. Yeah. You know How many hits I took service Bro, you get that thing now get that bro. You put a post ride on that thing Bro. Imagine how many times I hit the ground yo. I played football since I was six years old to like 31. Like yo 27 years or somebody, you waking up not even thinking of reality. My life is like, yo, how could I get open on Theo? I'm living this, this is my life waking up. How I'm gonna get open, how I'm gonna win the, that's not even real life theo. Well is it, I Mean it's a short part of life, right? A stick. Oh it's, yeah, it's not real life but it's definitely like, nah, It's real but it's like, like yo, it's just a part of your life to get to a position in life where you could live a better life. Right. You know what I'm saying?


Because how many opportunities you got when you coming outta a black neighborhood? Like what you really could do, you either could represent the neighborhood rapping or doing some stuff. Okay. Rapping, maybe civic, like you know, politics. You could be a, nah, I ain't no black guy coming afraid of this city made a hot dog. Come on. They got so what about that dude at the Trump thing the other day? That was smokes and jokes. Yeah. Right. That was Smokes and jokes. That guy at the trunk thing. The other, did you see him? I didn't see him pull him up. That guy. Let me see what he was raping. Oh right. He fucking, he Was repping, He was Martin Luther X. He was trying to be everybody off there. That's what I'm saying. It is like, it just looked like a joke. He was trying to be everybody.


Yeah. He was the nigga of the day. Oh he was? Yeah He definitely was. He's the only black guy doing some shit like that at, at a type of event. Oh Damn. Well you know who I'm talking about Then. Exactly. I've been watching. Yeah. Yeah man that was, yeah He was, that was hilarious. He Was doing a lot. Oh damn. That's us right there already. That's us. Yeah, I'm putting the sauce And that's, who was That guy right there? That's a real Cracker. He a Cracker of the Day. Oh he got it. He got that ginger beer with the black F Oh He look like Bro, it's rocking out. He'll sneak in your bank account. Yo. Who is your top five flyest crackers? Because you gotta be up there. Oh, I'm not up there man. Gimme, gimme A top five. Gimme a top five flyest crackers in the world that you know Wow. That I know or that I've seen or whatever. That You'll give top five. Alright. Straight up out the gate man.


My dog Brian Pervis, bro, who I grew up with, bro. Okay. One a OG Wigga kid. Okay. When they used to have him, bro, he used to have a lot of more younger kind of like wigga type of kids, you know? Okay. Like, you know what I'm talking about. Bring him up right there. Covington man wanted of accused of attempted murder, an armed robbery. That's my dog right there. Okay. Brian. Purpose bro. He Want it right now. That was the only time ago. Nah, they got him right now. Oh Shit. But he'll be back. You can't hold him down bro. He was in a learning disabled bro because they put him in there for wanting to be a, they'd never seen a white kid that wanted to be black. Right. They put him in learning disabled, bro. Why they do that to him? So you had people that had real learning disabilities in there. Fucking knock, knock Wilson was in that bitch.


And then you had Brian Purvis just in there wearing like a Scotty Pippin jersey and fucking Like just got swag, right? Yeah. They're like, nah, we never seen this shit. He must be mentally handed. That's What I'm saying. When people don't see something they used to, they just throw you to the wolves and that shit could create trauma. Imagine what trauma that created in that kid. Yeah man, I made him a demon. He trying to flex a Larry Johnson jersey and they put him in there man. Because They ain't understand him man. So he would be, he's definitely, he's in there bro. He's goaded. He, he's locked in. I Respect that. Other beautiful crackers that are out there that are still existing well in the world. Hmm. Lemme try to find a good Travis. Kelsey not up there.


Nah, he's good man. But they, there's so much now everywhere. It's getting, it's too much. Kelsey. I'm over Kelsey at the moment. So he is not in your cracker. Top five. Five. He's not in my cracker. Cracker. Yeah. I'm gonna keep thinking as we go along. I'll name some more. Okay. I like that. Who your niggas of the day, your top five niggas wouldn't. Let's don't put it like that if we can. Okay. Because I can't, you know. Well, let me think. Some great, Never get in. Goals accomplished. Come On gang, gang, gang, baby. Let me think. Come on. Well, let's go through some of the criteria. First of all, all The criteria. What is a criteria? 'cause you have Cracker of the Day. Yeah. I Feel like What's a criteria to become a Cracker of the Day? You Just got a good cracker energy. You know what I mean? You feeling like a boss or you doing something.


You did something that was, everybody love their crackers. What's your favorite crackers anyway? Yeah. What kind of crackers you eating in watching? What's your Favorite snack cracker? Say just a straight up that saltine that came Nice. I think it just said crackers on the box right there. Nah, there's a cracker today right there. Young white color with a Joint butt. There you go. Oh. And there you go. So, so, so these are some good crackers right there. Oh, that's Travis. Yeah. You know Kravis acting like your guy. He got the gun with the Florida swag. He was looking at as your boy, like he look a little uncle right there. But yeah, he got, he In Coco on him baby. He pulling up. Yeah. Trevor Lawrence. Trevor Lawrence. Yeah. Yeah. That's the $20 million quarterback right there. Hold is he really? Yeah, for the Jaguars holding the scrap in Florida.


Looking like a, you looking like he know yak. But you gotta have it in Florida. You like, you know the sniper game standing like that. Right. That swag. You gotta have that Swag. Right. You got in Florida? Yeah. Got that Florida swag right there. You Gotta have that. That's a Florida birth certificate. A fucking being a Cracker day is just being a cracker. That is, that's showing up. Exemplify confidence boss, light energy and that give people that happiness. Like what do you see when you see Trevor Lawrence posted up with a Florida Gators top. I say looking like a teenager holding the scrap. Like he's in Florida. Understanding the culture and, and the energy of what's going around. I say, You know what, let's give him one more year. Give One more year. That's what I say, you know what I'm saying? Let's resign it for another year. That's What I say. Yeah, come back. Yeah, that's, that's What I say. That's what gimme that.


But this guy right here, he under major pressure. Zane Gonzales. He gotta win the game for these guys. This the cracker here type energy. He fixed this hair ain't nothing in your Head. Oh yeah. It's none Of your head Z. But he got that cracker energy like he, that pressure, he understand this moment. It's a big moment. That's, and he's getting his fucking hair fixed. That's Crack of the day. Crack. That's crack right. That's it. Right. Yo, that's no er bro. That's crap. Yo. He got the game on the line and he's going to get the shit done. Oh yeah, Yeah, right. He, He fucking scratching ass right now. Look, he fucking fed out to fade. He Like, look, let me make sure my fade So I don't fade. This ball man's what He like shake the pressure on me. All these fucking black guys coulda win the fucking game.


That's a good point bro. All these dickhead, Every time the white, the kicker goes in. The truth should be all these black guys couldn't win the game. All these fucking not couldn't do it. And they trying to act like now it's un And not a pressure on me. And he bought this shit. Bricks. Look at the yo best play. Look at Zane fixing his face. One top, let, let's have back it up. Let see how many times he fix his shit. He fixing shit like 20 times. Fix your hair Man. He yo, Can we get the count? He fucking and he's two for two. He's two for two right there. And He's still fucking rubbing his head. He ran. Yeah, but he's understanding the moment he's, He's in, he's getting his shit. He went overtime right there. He did overtime at the end. But you gotta look good for your moment too.


No, but he look like his ass is tight right now. Look, look a little Trump Jr. Right now. Now what about him now? How does he now, how, how does the community feel about him? That Kid look like he's the next fucking mike. That kid look like he's the next fucking president and fucking assassin. He The young don. Nah, he just look like a young Trump. His body language, his his face removing like, it's like he got a subtle confidence. Like he knows something we don't know. Yeah. He look like one of them alfalfa kids. Like just a kid. Okay. Yeah. Like he got it figured out. Like yeah, this, yeah, that's, I Respect. He doesn't put himself out there. He doesn't try to do too much. No, He's a boss. He's real low key. He, he got the mannerism of like, he already got it figured out.


It's like he's one of those, one of those special beautiful crackers. Like you go to him. Yeah. When you got a problem. He just make the problem solution. Yeah. Yeah. He changed the like right there. He look like he ready to change the tie. He look like he's just Trump's son. He is like, he's a younger Trump. Like the amazing thing Trump have done, you know I got on his shirt today Metaphor. I didn't see that man. Yeah. Shout out To Trump and yeah, I, and thank you for telling, Gimme the shout outs too. I didn't realize that they did that. They, yeah. At that point, after all of the things man ever, a lot of people got on Trump. It's a lot of convicts, inmates, people that had ever been Yeah. Accused of crimes a million times that they didn't because they knew, they didn't trust the justice system. They all got on his side because They knew Trump Understand what it felt like.


Right now he Knows what it feels like To bill like a nigga. Trump showed the world what it was and he freed some of my guys. Did He sniper games. Shout out to Kodak Black. You know Kodak Black? Yeah. Free. Kodak. Kb. Kb Kodak, Black kb. I wishing pills would free him. Antonio Brown seeming like he even going through it. No, Listen, hold on, let's get this clear. Right. Alright. Anytime a black guy is being judged or misunderstood or code that black is a genius, hold up. Oh, I agree with that. Why do, when a black guy is representing culture and representing something that you may not understand, it'd just be like, oh, he on drugs. It seemed like every black rapper who become really well, he's associated with drugs.


You Think so? Future. What did everybody know? Future of her. Percocet. Molly, Percocet, percet. But that's what everybody, that's what people were seeking. Yeah. Now all of a sudden, Kodak Black get, get his life together doing billion dollar businesses, opening up stuff right here locally in Florida, signing artists, getting other people opportunity to live just a million dollar rapper. Yeah. He's not just some drug addict. That guy who just, he fucking got big businesses. He got a team and houses. Oh. He is a real business. A real business. No doubt. A Real, But you, I think you, I think, yeah, you're right. You know, I'm definitely judging just off of video clips of course that I see course and stuff like that. Of course you see a nappy hair, a guy with goals you look Like. No, I don't see the nappy hair in goals. I don't, that's not the part of the judgment.


Some of it is. Some of his behaviors and manners. The behavior think, Okay, what's the behavior? Just Some of the like things where he is kind of fading in outta consciousness. That's a part of being an artist. It could Be. He's selling his artistry. You're right. That's what big people draw to him. He's an artist. I agree. Agree. But you just can't throw him to the s like now every time he doing something cool or if he doing the lazy move. Oh he do the crazy. He got the definitely he got like, he got different Dents. He's got the, he got the bop, he's got the swag. He got, oh he has like, it's almost like a, like a redesign of Bobby Schur. Like the, you know what I'm saying? A totally different like, yo, He's like, he's like the African, he's like the Haiti king man. He's like, oh, I didn't even think of being hait. Is he Haitian?


Of Course. You know what's like, be a Haiti know Yo Haiti don't got water all night. Like America. Really Bro. And Haiti, you gotta hang your clothes when you wash 'em on the line. Mm. TV if you go around the front of the house, your brother wearing your draws. You sit in the whole neighborhood, wear your clothes, your clothes gone. You Don't fucking wait with this clothes, You fucking stand right by there. You better bitches Drop Boston bitches drop because your clothes, your boxers is wearing by your brother. It's Haiti. They're not getting Clothes. You right man. Bro, it's a different life. So before you quick to write off people, I didn't write him off, but you're saying conclusions, I feel jump to conclusions. I except jumping into conclusion. I'm not saying they, I'm saying They, but I'm part of that. If you're right, jump into conclusions.


Right. Because Sometimes we all do it. I see a clip and jump to conclusions. Oh, you're right. But sometimes you gotta, we all guilty of it. I'm not saying it you. It's us as humans. As a culture. As humans. Just as humans. Yeah. As Humans. 'cause we all get the same hours. We all feel the same emotion. We all go through the same things. We just gotta know how to be better people. 'cause they're pre emanate a better world. Yeah. If we work together better and we get to know each other better, we could do better things. Yeah. Yeah. Because all we are here together. We all need each other. No matter what you got or what we got, we all gotta go to work together to make something work. Yeah. That's what called the ecosystem. Economic. Economic. You ain't know I knew this Shit. I knew you knew it. I knew you knew it man. Yeah. But yeah man, that's what we trying to do. We trying to bridge together the racism to bring more people together.


So it's not a default of having your guy in prison because someone through, 'cause bro being placed in a position could make you feel a way. Imagine your guy who you love. You put in your top fire crackers. Not because of what he got. Not because what he doing. 'cause what his heart is like and what position he was put in. And that position that was put in pre emanated his behavior because he felt like shit, everybody gave up on me. And that is not a color thing or that's a human thing. That's human thing. A thing. Anybody who put it under this circumstance of everybody saying fuck you, eventually you gonna say fuck you. Yeah. You know what I Mean? What's so funny? That's, I think that's one of the, what I think when I was young, I did like, I could sometimes, and I don't even know if this is racist to say man, but I'm gonna say it.


Say that shit. Well let's Get off your chest, bro. Hold on. Let's We all from different ways of the world. Sometimes I would look at black, I sometimes I would see black people or black other black kids and stuff. And I would be like, that's, I, I don't know what their life was like, but it'd be like I, that's, I I feel the same way. They do. There's a little part of me. It's a Connection bro, That has the same feeling. Like, like I just, I just felt like the world hated me so far. Like, because You different bro. You come from Louisiana, you country, look at your haircut. The way you talk. The way You, yeah. I don't know what it was just in my, just whatever it was, it, there was something inside of me that fucking was like, You feel like you a different guy bro. You gotta create it to give to the world, bro.


You got a connection. But sometimes I could, there was this little part of me that felt like I could mildly Relate bro. You could Relate mildly. I'm not saying I don't know what it's like to be like somebody's life and I'm, I'm not trying to keep interrupting you. I just wanna be clear. I'm not trying to respect, I'm here with you. I know you guy man. It's gang time. So if those, so the cracker today, so those are, it is just, it is a, It's just the bringing bridge the gap between people loving each other. Yeah. 'cause bro say some of the words that cracker has made up. Like we all got different legal and we all like it. Yeah. You know what I mean? But, but you gotta watch people's intention though too. That's a huge thing. And No, but that's what I'm saying. The ex Elon Musk gave us an opportunity on X out to speak freely and positively bring people together.


So imagine I started a Cracker of the Day to bring positivity to people. Always. It's fun. It's fun. People send 'em all the time. Now look at that crack of the day, man. Everywhere I go they're like, yo me, can you make me the crack of today? Because his energy is every, the world is making people feel better no matter who you is. People just wanna feel good and live a good life. Yeah. We all know one thing in the world. Right? We gonna pay taxes and die. Yeah. So In the meantime, in The meantime, let's just live a good life, man. 'cause we don't know when a day's gonna happen. Let's just build each other up. I got black baby moms, white baby moms. I love all people. Everyone should love each other and we should. Well yeah. No shit. Just to Be in a Better world. We're just having a tough time doing it. That's the Problem. Not because that's why we need more people like you bridging the gap.


Talking about the stuff that's uncomfortable. Making awareness. You should bring a black guy up here who going through some shit and speak to a guy or bring awareness, raise awareness so people know you know what's going on. Mm. We can't change the rules that isn't aware of the world, but we can allow people to know we aware of what's going on and we could be a part of the thing that make people feel good. Yeah. Let Us at least let us least Do our due diligence To also, but just to show each other kindness that we are aware. And that's, I ain't saying you owe me. Right? But act like you know me. Don't act like you don't know what we facing. Right. 'cause that's what people were, if people knew, other people was aware and it was encouraging. More people are how now of your friend who in that situation, he'll make a better decision because he'll understand when he feeling the trauma.


Like, yo, it is okay to be how you, it's okay to feel how you feel. Right. That's the freedom of the world. Right. You don't have to hide your feelings. You don't have to hide who you wanna be or who you are. Right. And if people misjudge you, Then that's on Them. And that's why we raise awareness to bring people of that misjudgment that make those people feel good while they going through their trauma and trauma. Because we all facing trauma. Yeah. No. And humor does it the most because it's that one. You're like, okay, I could get through that. I know what they mean. It's okay to connect these two things. It's Okay. Yeah. And it's funny. Exactly.


Getting your sweat on might seem like hard work. But with Symmetry Sauna, it's a work of art premium custom saunas for your home or business plus a series of sleek prebuilt saunas. I just got myself a Symmetry Sauna and I'm sweating out bad decisions. Like the time I tried to just fill my own chip tooth in. Why sauna? Well it relieves sore joints and muscles improves skin, boosts heart health and melts stress like hot butter. Hmm. And I'm finally sleeping like a baby, which is rare since I'm usually up at 3:00 AM wondering if penguins have knees. Pro-athletes, fitness buffs, big folks getting small. Small folks getting big. Everybody's hot boxing and symmetry saunas can help designed in the USA made with Aspen wood from ancient Estonian forests. Ooh yep. Fancy trees. Symmetry Sauna. The perfect balance of form and function. Learn more about how to get your own premium home sauna from Symmetry Sauna at Symmetry Sauna dot com slash t.


You all know I like to keep things cool even in the winter and nothing's cooler than a blue cube cold plunge. I'm fortunate enough to have one at home. And let me tell you, it's like baptizing your soul baby. Getting that little crispy bucket baby. It gets rid of them demons we all have and makes you feel great for seven or eight hours afterwards. It's good. My buddy Thomas Schiffer, the genius behind Blue Cube and I go way back and he just launched a presale for their new standup cold plunges. Wow. These things are the Cadillacs of cold plunge therapy. American made full immersion weatherproof frames and built like a Sherman tank. I'll say this. They are built well and because you're listening to me, you can get a sweet discount when you mention my name. That's right. Just tell 'em Theo sent you and they'll knock a good bid off the price. So if you're ready to boost your metabolism, eliminate inflation and blast away your anxiety, give them a call. Head over to their website, blue cube baths.com and dive into the details. Opt in on their website or give them a call. I am grateful for the one that I have and I feel honestly thankful to be able to have one. I know they're not in everybody's price range and and that's understandable. But at the same time, I wanna support my friend and his amazing company.


Now someone said that the prize for the cracker of the year was, was Shang Gillis, right? Hali. Shane Gillis was what? Cracker of the Year. He was the funniest Cracker of the year. Funniest Cracker of the Year. And I agree. Very funny man. Very funny. And the, and the funniest cracker of the year. I agree. He got my vote. Now my question is, there was said that there was a prize where whoever won it got to say the N word one time. Is that true or not? Yes, I heard that. Yes. Yes. Okay. Did you? Because I feel like everybody in their life have said the nigga the word you said it rapping the song, it's a part of Bro. Everyone said it and kids, even Tom Brady one time told me, man, my son was asking me about it. 'cause it's the curious thing. It's like you put pow on the word.


Like don't say that because, but words could mean whatever you want 'em to mean. It's, it is all about how you take it. Interpret it within yourself. Oh yeah. I mean, if You say I'm your favorite nigga, it is like, yeah, I'm your favorite black guy. You know what I'm saying? If I say you my nigga, that mean like you're my guy. Like you my brother. Oh. I feel if somebody says it to, if a black fellow says that to me, I feel pretty good for the Afternoon. Hey, you like you my nigga. Like I fuck with you. Like we genuinely have a bond that I care about you. I feel like, okay. You know what I'm saying? Let's do it. Huh. Way to God. I wanna buy some fucking Js. You know? Yeah. I'm Fucking ready to Do this To God. But now was, is there, why don't black people lease the N word out to be said like at a certain event or something? Nah, because I feel like there could be a lot of money in that.


I feel like. Is that crazy to say that? I feel like just how you use it, you know sometimes. Oh, I agree. I don't mean using it in a derogatory way. Yeah. But say like tonight they had like Angelina Jolie was paying 50 bands to say it right on you. On a of course. On a live stream. I, that'd be cool. And you sold because you would wanna see how she say it. Right. So that's the thing. And She saying like she has slaves or she said it. Right. Right. Because I might be fucking a white girl and be like, yo, call me a nigga. Like, Oh damn, who are these people? You don't like that, Huh? I have no idea if I like it or not. But I just think like it's like It's prerogative. Okay. You know what I mean? It is like exciting. It is just like I'll, it's fucking And will they do it sometimes? Yeah. No way. Why wouldn't they?


I'll smack 'em on the As. Oh Damn. I don't know. I don't know. No giddy Up. Oh, I didn't know they're doing all that. So I guess if somebody's fucking, you can say it. That's crazy. No. How many times you said the word nigga that just like rapping a song or, Oh, probably just a couple hundred times though. I bet that's What I'm saying is it is a, it is a, it's a part of the words and we don't have to hide our feelings as people of saying stuff to be a normalcy. Right, right. To feel. Yeah. When it goes against kind of what's normalcy. But I think it's, yeah, obviously you want it out of like people that are using it in like a derogatory way. But do You, I feel like when people get mad anyway, they're gonna use it in a derogatory way because that's what they was taught to give off negative energy. You know what I'm saying? I feel like I Used it one time, there was a black cat or whatever that's crossing my path or something and I was furious.


What you said, look at this nigga say that shit. Let me how you said it. Say that shit. Theo. Whatcha saying it dude right now. Say that shit. It was around Halloween Dude. All right, let me hear how you say that Shit. Let me, how you say that? I can, I can't say it. Why you Can't say it Bro. 'cause it's not gonna end well I don't think. Why would it not end? Well it's the N word bro. Vocabulary, you know what I'm saying? We'll have to bleep it out Don't we? Nah, don't bleep it out bro. Right. Just start. But like, just like, I can't listen, just be like ab, you're my favorite nigga. All Ab All perfect. Wow. Why did we saying man, I can't be saying that kind of shit. That's what I'm Saying. Wanna Say it anymore? Never nigga mean never ignorant. I anymore. Never ignorant. Getting goals accomplished.


It's all about what the acronym stand for bro. Words. Words can mean whatever you wanna Be. But you can't be running. You can't be, I can't be out at the mall or something and saying and something and I'm trying to stop somebody like, hey here the acronym, you know like that's the thing. I don't wanna say it. Listen, when people know you from, you grew up with black people all your life. Yeah. But I just don't wanna say it anymore man. How about this? Let me think about this. No Because think about it. We gotta change reverse racism. Yeah. And that's what the Cracker of the Day is about to make the comfortability. Because you don't have to hide some of your like, but You could say you my G you my champ, you know, you My dog. No calling me your favorite nigga. It's not a bad thing because again, what, In 50 years people will look back and think that this is an important conversation. I think Of course this is an important conversation because we are educating each other and we bridging the gap of racism.


We should not be doing that dude. Where you and me dude, that's Where we at. This is where we at in life, bro. That's true. This is where we are. You're right. This where we are. This is The reason we're here right now. Right now. That's where we are bro. That's why Trump the president. That's why Trump went through all that stuff trying being assassinated. Right? That's a black person thing. Right? Going through fucking the court system every day and fucking, and he's showing that it's bullshit. 'cause he's showing that bro, He was at court, left court only to try to be assassinated and Had Hadda go back to court. That's fucking being like Martin Luther King, fucking Malcolm X, all these fucking black guys in history that we just went over at that motherfucker ear. Bro fucker right there bro. He show all black people that he understand what it take to be a nigga. Gang. Gang bro.


Assassinated court is, it is like, come on, everything. He free. He free caught Wife, third wife, tall son. That's black stuff. Of course he got baby moms. I don't hear about his child support. It's heavy dude. But I'm saying this though, you don't think, say if Angelina Jolie was gonna rattle off an N word at seven 30 tonight, right? You don't. And you got and and the black community sold it on a live stream. Right? People could love, they love That because No way they gonna like, they gonna know Angelina love black culture. She could say nigga, Right? But she, but also then that money and Not hide it. When you could be a realist and be truthful who you are and not hide who you is because that's when you're being fake. What's being fake TV hiding who you is.


So if you already saying it to yourself at Halloween, why you don't say with your brother, I'm your nigga. I'm your one of your niggas. I just don't wanna say it anymore. You gotta feel like a man when you say this shit bro. You already said it. Don't be fake because that's the culture. I'm not gonna fake it now. I just don't like it. 'cause that's faking it when you send it in secret and you're not able to say it around your peoples. That's why I'm making Cracker of the Year, the normalcy. You're my favorite cracker. These are my favorite crackers because yo, these my guys, these are my brothers. Gang gang. These the gang gang, these the people who I kinda wanna look up to these, the people who run in the world like putting me in position. Well it is funny because you really kind of came into this position. Like I got a text from Rogan yesterday, last night. Big time, middle of the night.


I don't know. He like, he's the human owl bro. Bro. He's the fucking smart genius. He one of my, one of the fucking crackers of the year. He's beautiful. Was He? I didn't know he was Cracker of the Year. Man. Rogan won some shit. He was a nominated. He won. What do you mean? He's, I didn't know he won. I thought you only gave one award though. Yo, We Had Hadda lot of awards you missed. We had like 12 awards did. Yeah Bro, I love what you're doing though because it's so, It's, we reversing racism man. I love, love people. We're Human. It's new Anytime. This is like the Kodak black thing. And I go back to one of my friends, Kodak Black. Antonio Brown, KBAB. The guy move artistry and now they think he on drugs. Why he got on drugs? This guy just got a nice bop to his himself that sell his music. The guy write his own rhymes. I seen him in the closet.


He fucking write the rhymes, come back and put 'em. It's like fucking genius. Genius level kid been through so much adversity, never gave up Sniper game. It's not to kill people, it's to see the gold and hit it. Gang. Dude, how come you get in that? Is there Sniper game call that black? I'm gonna tell him you want to be. Oh, That's his club. That's His game. Ooh. It's his game. That's my brother. Respect. Wanted to change respect. No, I love Kodak man. Yeah, I don't think there's anybody like him, but you're right. I jumped against and thought he was. Yeah. Oh I think he reminds me of Little Wayne in a way bro. Like Wayne. Oh he's like that because think about it. We grew up with this kid for he's k Moses decade in rapping Hits records and while going through adversity, Lil Wayne went through adversity. He was with the hot boys, went by himself, was the only guy with cash money and fucking turned genius while going through adversity.


Went to prison, came back, Kodak Black, went through the same fucking shit and still on top of the game in music and created screen in Rry And unique. But to come through all of that To persevere. Fucking shout out to Donald Trump, man. For free, man, I love Kodak black man. Not every for Haiti. If you are close, not off the line, your clothes gone man. That's it baby. If your clothes ain't off of the line, your clothes gone bro. So imagine what is ze? It's not water all night. It's not America, man. You ain't got water all Night. I got water all night. Motherfucker. Imagine that Rich ass. You coming Back over here with little clothes, man, you ain't got no clothes. Your shit Shrunk. You got nothing Bro. What if a big dude borrow your shit and the next day you gotta wear it again?


Nothing, Man, ain't no clothes out there. It's bad. So it's like, yo man, we gotta continue to bridge the gap with people who don't understand and make the uncomfortable, comfortable, respect. You know what I mean? And I feel like we got the power to do that. We got the voice and people, you know, and we already doing it. If you already send a word, nigga, then it should be comfortable. When you see one of your favorite niggas, they'd be like, yo, What's up my buddy? I'm your favorite nigga. I think, well, I think there could be a day. I'm Like, you gotta get the comfortability to grow on it. You gotta, I can't practice that out in the wild, man. You gotta practice it with me. I'm your black friend. You gonna even practice it with your black friend? Okay. Yeah, I could. If you, you Gotta practice the time or something. Yeah, just call me. We have niggas I'll call you for crackers. Okay? Okay. Hold on.


We'll just break bread. Like, yo, if, if you feel me, what do you say if you didn't have no breakfast? Waking up as a black guy. Yeah. Fuck. We just eat a bag of chips. Yeah, if you didn't have no food as a Barbecue breakfast breakfast, bro. You like, yo mom, we don't have breakfast mom. You know, you know. But we breaking bread with just culture things. 'cause that's what I'm saying, culture create the economic. Yeah. You know what I mean? So we create a diverse culture where we could talk about the uncomfortability. Seen Kanye West, one of my coach friends talk about the uncomfortability and give people on his ass. Like, but the only thing he was doing was speaking of truth of an uncomfortability. He wasn't trying to bring nobody down. He just said something that made people uncomfortable.


But as humans, let's practice more with Saying stuff that makes people uncomfortable somewhere. No, No, let's make the uncomfortable, comfortable. Let's not make people uncomfortable. Okay, let's work towards bridging racism to make everyone, man, it's okay if a white person act like a black Kodak. Black wanted to be Kodak white sometimes. Sometimes he wanted to be a white boy. He wanna act like a white boy. Let him act like a white boy sometimes. Because guess what? Michael Jackson wanted to be a, Michael Jackson wanted to be a white boy. He turned white And Asian woman, he wanted to be everything. Michael Jackson bleached his skin to turn into a white guy. Imagine what was going on inside him, man. Of course. 'cause he figured it out, man. Maybe it's a little better if I look like them. Right? Maybe somebody will care about me if I look like this or something.


No, They'll may be the biggest artist ever because now it, it'll look more better. You think? I mean if, if a black guy ran the world, who do you think he'd put in position? You know what, that's a good point. You, if Michael Jackson didn't look like he looked, do you think he would've been the same successive artist? Yes. Might be. Right. He might not have. You know, Who knows? He might not have. Not in a bad way or anything, but just no judgment. Which just as a fact, he might not have, he was A black kid singing in groups. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He turned white and went so off Kick. Shake baby. Exactly. He wouldn't talking That guy as a white guy. I was like, that's different. That's interesting man. Yeah man. They had, what was I thinking about?


What were you just talking about? Michael Jackson was alive. He'll ask me to smoke one for Him. Did he smoke a lot of pot or not? Michael Jackson Bring it up. You know, Michael Jackson was really like how they portrayed him to the world was different. How he really was. Well I heard he really liked women. That's what I've heard. He used to call women fish. Yeah. Good fish. Bringer. Yeah. Yeah. He give a woman a hug. Yeah. You could do more than hug me. And they never showed that side of him. They never ever will. Because they don't need to. We need to show him in a real submissive, he don't need to be a black guy. Like right Dominic with this dick on the table Because so, so, so you think they was they, that's the thing how media can change so much, the perception, but they can't do that as much anymore because now we, We got the exile.


Thank you for Elon Musk. We could Bri out. I'll say that. Man, that is one thing. I felt like he was a, it was something where, yeah. Wow. You could say anything you want over here Because maybe me and you could get on the X album and be like, all right, TV and AB are talking cracker rhythm and nim yo tv. If you go to a black party, how I should act at a black party? You should probably show up 40. You probably show up an hour late Hour late. Yeah. And bring some food. Couple Babes with me too. Of Course. Bringing the hotties. We need decoration. You know a decoration shit that look Good. Bottles and a clap. Yeah. You feel me Baby? 'cause I'm a thug. Right When I walk in, put on trick daddy, bro. Right. I fucking stand on the porch.


Dog thug. You Know what I'm what I'm saying? Saying. I'm saying If you don't put on trick daddy, I ain't fucking come in. It's a Thug holiday. It's a thug holiday All day. Every day. A thug. RIP trick man. RIP trick trick's still alive man. Oh yeah. Damn Bro. He crazy. You got come to Miami, man. I didn't know he, that's Why we got of course Trick got his soul food restaurant. He cooks Uhuh. Of course he got me. He, he go crazy with his box. See me and you, we should talk nim and crackers. 'cause I feel like you gotta, How many times he can say that on here, man, what Is wrong with that? They'll stop us bro. They don't want, they don't want us communicating like this. You think they do? Who is they? Good question. We don't even know who's they but they Out there.


But we gotta do what God called us to do Is communicate. That's All we doing. Having a conversation. We, not saying that a conversation could have changed anything. We just opening the minds of people who get in uncomfortable so they could get comfortable to know two guys from across, from the world, from two different, could bridge the gap of being comfortable to talk about. Yeah. How to see it from both sides. Yeah. Thanks man. You know what? 'cause I think there's not a lot of times where it's like you can hear that you feel with like if you're talking to a black person or a black guy, where I feel like, can we try to just be completely real about what we're thinking Exactly. Or what or what our thoughts have been or what our real, real questions are.


Exactly. All of that. Put that shit on the table. So it's like, dude, I Remember first time I ever, I, I was doing high school sports or something and I was lifting weights and a black friend of mine spotted me. Right. He was spotting me and that was the first time I remember a black guy I'd ever touched. I'd ever even touched a ha Like a black guy hand Touched my hand. Yeah. We never, we were spotting each other. But it was like, but I just remember it, you know what I'm saying? Like thinking About it consciously, like, damn, I never just, Right. I'd never seen, it was the same time when I went into the black doctors. Like, oh I never, I just had never had like what it like, okay, you know, let's do it. But that's why we should talk about RIS and crack rhythm. 'cause now it's like, damn, for a person who never had that experience, they could tune in and hear me and you talk from both side of a culture and, and people could dive in and be like, damn, that's pretty cool.


It's like that. Like, oh, I understand that now. So now have a person be able to go to a black party. They might have the Q and As and they Had Hadda black friend. So like, oh shit, I was listening to TV and AB in the space and AB was telling the TV like, you go to black party or how to, you know what I'm saying? Right. What the culture is. Right. If it is like, okay. And TV was telling ab about like how Cracker is if I was to go to a white party. Different things. Different Yeah. Different conversations. Yeah. I think we just have to change the name and take the word outta the name. That's gonna be heavy for people. Yeah. Because you can't have somebody talking to their friend and like, what are you doing tonight? And they're like, I'm going to this, you know, and they're just, no, I'm Listening in M Right. But you can't, if somebody hears that in a, it's just not gonna end well for people.


I think it's gonna be, no, I think we just gotta promote it. Or bridging the Cultures dude. No, I love the bridging the culture. Everybody Saying it. Like you said, you said it another time under your breath. So it's like, No, I've said it sang it. I meant in music, of course That's, I'm saying it's a part of it is a part of us in music as a culture of people. So it's like if you already said So, I mean, yeah, there's been, people have said it, I know some people in our area used to write it in, like put it in like a piece of paper and then they would put it, put it in a bottle like, you know, message in a bottle. Yeah. And they throw it out in a river or somewhere, you know, because I feel like the word's been given so much power through like generations of people. Like could, But it hurt a lot of people so much. Nah, I feel like it only hurts you if you allow it. Like things in life only give if you give it power to it.


You know, like if you giving it power, like, oh man, I don't wanna say it, but I'm saying it. So you giving it, it's like the boogeyman is like, all right, you could go see if he come, but it's like, it's not real. But if you acting like damn the boogieman might come, it's like you getting that emotion in yourself. But it's like, yeah, as people, we already, you know it, the, the, the biracial interracial are, it's all Grown. It's picking up speed. Oh it's gonna be beige. I say all the time in three generations. Everybody gonna be beige. It's Gonna be a Mix. It's gonna be a complete mix man. Especially at the rate that a lot of, So I was like, there's a lot of, Every white family got some black dick in their family. How many black people you got in your family? One dick, two dicks. How many people You got? Let think. I mean I definitely, there's Always some black and a white family. Like we all Mixed.


Oh yeah. My, yeah. I mean my cousin is definitely, That's what I mean. So you got black in you so you can't act like you not dealing with black people on a day-today, yearly basis that you had like you played with sports with black people. So you heard, seen the mannerisms. Yeah. I think it was a lot more like growing up. For sure. Of course. And if I was at home probably would still be kind of the same way. Exactly. So it's like I just, you grew up with that cut you already. But if we get out there, I also know if we can be out there. I mean, what do you guys think Nick? What do you, is that a realistic program to start or That sounds crazy. I mean, hell yeah, it's realistic. I think it could work. Why Not? Well, I disagree with you guys, but why You think Elon Musk bought the X app from Twitter? Not by saying the N word.


I bet. To Give people the, the the a mid. That's a good point for freedom of Speech. No, that's a good point. If we don't talk about the uncomfortable how when you have an interracial baby and my interracial baby go to his white side of his family house. Yeah. Because he gotta learn that. He gotta understand that because that's some thought he gonna have in his head. Just like your friend. And now they gonna be like, damn, you mixed baby, but I want you to act white. And then it's like, what if he like wearing a jersey like your friend now they like, oh, he fucking won't even want to be like us. We gonna put him in a fucking LD culture now he doing something to ruin his life because somebody made him feel like no one loved him. So he did something wrong outta spite because no one loved him. That's what he felt. You know what I'm saying?


So we could save Brian purpose. But he was cold on the court though. I know that because we Coulda saved him to make him feel like, yo, you, you are not weird. You're not a dickhead or you're not a eyeball man. You're special. You got, you got energy because you got passion towards something that a lot of people don't. Right. So let's use this energy to the right way so you don't put yourself in a position where you want it and you can't be around your close friend Theo now and see, you know what I mean? You can enjoy their life. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like, I think I know Let's Not be quick to shut down on the things that people doing that we already comfortable with. Well, 'cause think about this ab if you had, when, when people who said something that was crazy, right? Yes. At first people said That guy is crazy.


Right. Exactly. People said that motherfucker is crazy. Right? Like even if you look better, Write him off, kick him to The time. Write him off. Right. Even if you look at like Robert Kennedy Jr. Right? I don't care if you like Bobby Kennedy or not. He was a friend of mine before I knew that he was gonna run for politics. We were friends. Right? Yeah. I I saw him as a, as a reliable, honest friend. Yeah. And then he started running for politics and he was talking about the vaccines and shit and people said he's fucking crazy. Right. I mean people, people that knew him, people that mutual friends, like he crazy And then he made it all. He made it past. I'm crazy to getting half of the people to believe him. You know? Well That's a part of the journey. Journey. But that's how everybody's done. That like e everybody who ever said anything that was important started off by, it was unimportant.


It was not considered a value. It Was uncomfortable. It was uncomfortable. That's what I'm saying. Kanye West, you seen what his financial statements Say? Uhuh. How's he doing? 2.7 billion. Pull up Kanye. Pull up. Yay. Pull him up man. Pull up ea. Have you seen him recently? Yeah, he's in China right now. He live out in China. Oh Wow. Yeah. Pull up. Yay. Look what they say. The network is Put the network on him in 2025. Ye's. Network. Standard 2.77 Billy. Yes. That's confirmed by Eton Venture Services based on his music portfolio and his sole ownership. Yo, Kanye was the only black guy ever. Give me $2 million. He gave you 2 million. $2 million For what?


What were y'all doing? Oh yeah. Had Donda right? Yeah. Just Like yo a I how much money Then he was like, yo, how much money you want from me To pull up and support? No, just like the run brand. Just like yo Is that Donda what you're wearing right now? Just Kodak black right now Kodak got my Donda piece. But this this Kodak, this is my new SG chain I just got from Kodak, but yeah. Wow. That's Cool. I got the Donda piece. I got that. And the new chain didn't Make it himself. Yeah, he had icebox make it. Wow. Yeah, that's so like you think about a guy like that. He said something that was uncomfortable, right? Remember? And what they called him? They called him, They wrote him off, done him just like they, your friend, The media cooked him. But guess what? I feel like black people were so used to being cooked and end during the cook that you just, you know what I'm saying?


Is kind of like a part of the history of being cooked. Like you That's on the grill bitch. Let's see. Let's cook, let's see what happens. Things heat Up already. Yeah. Let's see what happens when things Heat up. Exactly. So you just overcome the pressure a little bit more. You know what I'm saying? A little bit more with Diamond, you overcome the pressure because you used to the pressure. Right. You know what I'm saying? People say Kanye was crazy. He take Lexapro, he take this, he on drugs, he, he had problems with his, he's going crazy about his kids. He's like, nah, we raising emphasis of how our families are important. It is. Because I ain't believe in marriage. You believe in, you feel me. Businesses or pioneer. What's Interesting men, when I see like I have black friends now that have like children in their households are way different than the households of my friends that were black when I was a kid.


You know, it's a different, it's not In poverty. Not in poverty. It's like, it's like, oh wow. It's like more of like, yeah it's crazy. But you seen Trump just go through it a little bit. Assassination. Oh they would court system everything. Public news. Yeah. Shame. And that bronze, I'm surprised he didn't go full dark on that bronze there one day and just pull up. Right. And just go crazy. He the president, he could hit a button, wipe everyone out. He still, he hand away with Clash. Just like all of the black guys. He like Kanye show up. He showed up. He didn't run from it. He didn't take himself out. He didn't crash out. He didn't give out. He didn't give in. Well he went to China though. But he, maybe he just didn't, he liked being there better. He Got a new wife man. He's happy. Oh he, he don't wanna deal with it.


Oh yeah. He's married at a certain point. I won't wanna deal with it. Especially at a certain point in the media. Wanna be happy The media, every time you turn around it's almost like they're trying to make you crazy down. Yeah. They trying to bring you down. Why you never, we just seen That guy worth 2.7 billion. We should be throwing pet rallies. Yeah. We should be throwing fricking   parties for Kanye West. A guy that broke his jar in the fucking cra. The guy that gave so many people opportunities making beats, producing the turn rapper to signing people and giving and giving and giving to just be constant broke down. Well I think it's, I do find it interesting in entertainment that I feel like all the black artists should be represented by black agents and managers.


That's one thing I feel like I don't see a lot. But then also what do I know about anything? If you got a black guy, Is that crazy to say that you think Nah, I feel like you, you should have the guy that's gonna get you the best opportunity that's gonna rep the brand make you feel comfortable. Because think about It. It doesn't have to be a black guy, huh? No. Who matter who it is. It could be a purple guy, pink guy. As long as you get your wellbeing fired. What he go and get the deal. Gang. Gang. And most of the times they gonna talk to a white guy. Right. Who working for the company that gonna give you the money. So it is rather be a guy who look like him, the broker, the deal. It'd be probably easier for him to talk to him. Yeah. Right or wrong. Yeah, You're right because Who's the guy in the NFL who own the teams White Guy. Exactly. Who? Every team. Huh? Every team. Wow. Exactly.


So who also owned the networks that we were speaking on? We representing Cer different something. Select people, you Know what I'm saying? Selected people but Select people. Certain people. Certain People. But the majority, you know what I'm saying? In life you did this, do what's right to benefit you. It's not right. You gotta get something that life man just do with the people that's gonna be genuine and got your back no matter what color it is. Okay. You know? Oh yeah man, I talked to my friend Stan the other day. He is probably my closest black friend man. And we have some real important conversations sometimes where you just feel like unconditional support from my friend no matter what Love. Exactly.


What hap do you, I know you call you, you call your your channel your is C-T-E-S-P-N? Yes. Is that, who came up with that? Was it you? Yeah, it Was me. 'cause I feel like people wrote me off when I walked off the field like, yo, he crazy. Like He, yeah, a lot of people thought he was crazy and then a lot of other people took their shirts off and left their job. Did you ever see all those videos? I didn't see, I saw it was a shitty video. They had like 30 videos out there. Hey listen, I'm not a quitter now. This don't give up your fucking day job. I build up a lot of wealth though. Fucking sit on when I left out. Yeah, Yeah. When I left I was getting into a, into a Lamborghini. So that's a little different. That's a little different. Levi, Did you feel, but did you have an actual like mental, did you have ct you think? Like do you ever feel it? I feel like, I feel like CTE is a trauma when the NFL just, you know, being a football player, you gotta go through trauma.


But it's like, you know, you prepare your body to end endure to trauma. Right. I lift weights, you know, physical therapy, mental therapy, I manifest the goal. You know what I'm saying? So you do all the mental clarity things that you gotta do to be well off. You know what I mean? Take therapy, do all the wellbeing things you need to do to be a functional human. Right From a family. A golly man. Spiritual. So I feel like when people don't understand you or just like why would make him lead the field for millions of dollars? That's what they try to say with football players. But CTE is a real thing that they determine when people pass away. There's been a lot of players, football players that died over the course of years. Oh yeah. That they just, you know, just write 'em off like they had CTE, but we all have trauma and CTE is a trauma that we all endure.


Like you said, you how you grew up dealing with trauma. We be like, life is a trauma. Yeah. Life is not perfect for nobody. Only person Had Hadda. Jesus walked the earth and didn't have a, he was the only one living life. Perfect. But his life was evolved with traumas. They killed him in this earth as an example. So like our life. That's a good point, Man. Life, there's a lot of trauma. It's like life is All trauma, bro. Sometimes your fucking back hurt, your knee hurt, you sore. But that's what life's about. Our bodies is not gonna last forever. Your mind is not gonna last forever. We all gotta do date da die. So when you think about life and the aspect of the reality, it's like, yo, I'm not crazy. I just walked off to put myself in a better opportunity. You just may not understand it and just thought it was crazy because you putting yourself in my shoes.


Oh fuck, I've left work early many times, baby, You know what I'm, you know what I'm, what I'm saying, just my job was on TV and, and now they making it on the news. It just happened to be one of 'em days. But as a normal human, we all had these days Normal shit. Yeah, we job, you feel me? We leaving. Hey boy, No bullshit. So it's just like, man, That's it dude. But so, so you never got actually diagnosed though with CTE? Nah, man, people can't even diagnose CTE. That's why I started C-T-S-P-N to talk to people right about their traumas and how they deal with they traumas and cope with their traumas. Overcoming adversity. Because I feel like being a great football player or being a great person in any form of life, you Had Hadda endure a lot of adversity.


Like tell me some of the things that you went through as a kid. How you was raised. You told me one of your traumas, you said, man, I always felt like a connection with a black person. You know what I'm saying? That was probably a trauma because that's something, as a kid you may Had Hadda hold In. I felt unseen. That's what I felt like. I felt like nobody saw me. And So I think that that was something sometimes I could, when I would see how maybe black people were looked at or treated sometimes, or some of just how they even treated themselves sometimes. You know, I would like notice just little things sometimes or as I got, as I became an adult, I could relate to little things. I'm not saying I could relate to any of their history, anything like that. But I'm just saying there were little things I could relate to. Like man, man, I could now, I could see why I gravitated towards some of these kids because I didn't feel seen.


I didn't feel like anybody saw me. I didn't feel, and if they did see me, I felt like they thought I was fucking nothing. And so there were little things like that sometimes that I, I don't make you maybe could think about, I dunno, I'm not trying to make a black culture about me though. No, but listen. But that's why I started C-T-S-P-N so people could talk through their traumas, cope with their traumas, understand how to deal with it. Because I Had Hadda learn how to deal with my traumas to put myself together and be able to be in the position I'm in. Yeah. Because that's a part of life. Life's about how you overcome adversity, how you deal with adversity and how you overcome your situation. I'm sure you've been through a lot in your life. And that's why I started C-T-S-P-N to show like high level athletes and high level people.


What are the things that made them great? What are the thing they Had Hadda go through because we all went through something. You could have been raised with one parent, maybe you just never seen your dad. Maybe you were just artistic. You like the computer, you never played outside. So you just, you know it. It could be, yeah, foster Could be foster parent. You may have been raised with a six sibling, you may Have been raised anything but everybody got some type of trauma they're facing. Maybe you're not tall enough and you can't pursue that dream you want. It could be any little thing as a human that we're facing and we all facing some trauma. So that's why I started CT sb and So I could talk to people from their traumas, what's your adversity? How you overcome it, what was the bridge point? Okay, how do you get through that? And people can see when they watching the video of, okay, I'm talking to Theo Von.


Okay, how the fuck Theo Von overcame that situation? Like how did he get in that position? Because I feel like because Is is it a weekly show? C-T-S-P-N? I Feel like I needed to do more weekly. I feel like I just be usually I see what you're saying. Randomly talking to people about their traumas when I see, you know what I mean? Experience. Because sometimes it's a lot to talk to people about their traumas. 'cause a lot of people hide their traumas. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? A lot of people not like That. Yeah. You become ashamed of them. Becomes like this. Of course. But it's like we can't be ashamed of the uncomfortable 'cause that's the only way we get better at the dress. Uncomfortable. I then the mental health facility, the therapist you Been talking, You've been on that. Yeah. Because that's a part of recovering and getting the load of your better self. So how long, when you Had Hadda go to a mental health facility, how long you Had Hadda go for?


Just, Yeah. Six weeks, two weeks. Oh that ain't too bad. Yeah. Was it nice in there or not? Yeah, Whole. It is in Colorado. Colorado Springs right there. Psychological. You get to thinking man, life's about looking at your life at the, At the lodge it's called the lodge. The lodge. Exactly. That's where you went. Exactly. Yeah. It's nice there. It's Beautiful bro. It's a whole facility. Spa, gym, everything. Just fire yourself because it's like in life if, if we could just save ourselves from the moment, like your friend. Oh yeah. Before we just get to that point where it's like, damn. You know what I mean? It's like, Yeah, free Brian bro. Free purpose bro. You know what I'm saying? Bring it back out. It's like most of the time it's like, yo, that it nice in life. You know what I learned, Theo, in life it's better to be happy than to be right.


Mm. You know what I mean? Sometimes people, you get so much trauma in their life that's From Asian culture. Yeah. They Get so much trauma. Like your friend has so much trauma from people treating them wrong, treating them wrong. Like he felt that was the right thing to do. Probably to just do the wrong thing. Yeah. Oh I'm sure man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like the only thing, somehow I'm gonna show you to fucking see me and if it's gonna have to be a crime, it's gonna have to be a whatever it needs to be. You going to see me to get that look. You're gonna see me motherfucker. You gonna see me somehow. Right. Exactly. Calling You mother. I'm just saying. But that's the Attitude, hypothetically attitude they take as a human. You know what I mean? You take that on your own and it's like, yo bro, ask your friend now. Like was that really happiness? Right? Is that really happiness? And Sometimes though the pain, somebody I believe is feeling ain't even their pain.


It's from another generation man. So you have somebody out here expressing a pain that's just been stuck in their DNA because the DNA has to be even at the end of the line, God made it all even. And So I believe that that's to find a way to even out. 'cause nature's a pretty even lady. And that's What about the lodge and therapy and ct. SPN? It's about Got it. Understanding your trauma. So what, realizing it, what Is ct? Bring it up. I just wanna have a clear idea. 'cause I always say it all the time and I have no idea what it is. It's the new crazy. It's like the new what you don't understand. But it's really like a head trauma that the NFL diagnosed that players die by that they can't find out till you die. So they can't find out till you die. Chronic chronic traumatic Encephalopathy.


Encephalopathy. Yeah. But it's like, yo, you already got that shit if you hidden so much. Right. You a football player. We banging every day. So it's like Is a brain disease that works worsens overtime and can lead to dementia. It's caused by repeated blows to the head. Such as concussions that damage brain tissue. CTE can affect anyone who has experienced repetitive head trauma, including athletes, military, veterans, and first responders. Hmm. So do you have to get a, like a diagnosis? Oh you can't, did you get a brain scan done? I mean I got a lot of brain. Yeah. I feel like yo, this is just like something the like the, just think about it About, so you never felt anything cranky. Okay. Sorry. I'm sorry. Interrupting you. Playing, playing football.


You gotta understand Vaughn, you're signing up to fucking bang out. Right? Like before you even you playing in the NFL, you're lifting waist. When they hitting you, they hitting you to hurt you. Like Right. If they hit, they hitting a guy like you Theo Vaughn, if they knock you out on the field, they're going viral, they're going on tv, they change it. They might get a job pay raise. Wow. So it's pre emanate for alpha males to just lift weights and hit hard to bang out. Right. So you know before you sign up. Right. If you sign me to the zoo, you got, you know I'm, but don't expect Animal Of Course. So it's like okay, after you done being the animal and you realize being the animal just was for a short time, that it's not realistic. It's just a part of your life.


Right. It is a kick game that you made your life and you feel like you realize you get 30 something. Me like yo, I don't got that much fucking college in my knees. These should, it's only a thin line of cartilage. Right. That you got that just, you ain't gonna be able to run forever. You know what I'm saying? So you realize the real things of being an athlete. The future you Just a number. Was there an athlete that you saw? Was there a receiver or an athlete that you saw one time that really like brought it to your attention? Wow. The physical, the long-term effects of the physicalness of this. Nah. I feel like you always understand as a player is it gonna be physical. But I feel like it is up to you to play the game. Smart and put yourself in position. Right. You are you. It is like your craft. I'm a football player, I'm a receiver.


I know how to run the routes on you with the timing and the precision and make sure I don't get hit. Was there a season that you could have showed up for better? Like in yourself? Like you just had too much going on in your own life? I always showed up. You did? Yeah. That was my life. My life is my football. Like yo, if I don't play good, I don't get treated good. Like Who do you miss catching passes from? The most? Probably Big Van. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Huh? Big, big. Probably both. Probably Tom Brady too. 'cause the, I mean I caught some passes. I mean I, I'm really grateful to be at play with some of the best quarterbacks In the world. You did get to. That's a blessing. Huh. You know what I mean? That's a super blessing man. Being a good receiver depending on the quarterback, you know? Totally. You, you only as good as your quarterback and man, I was blessed to play with number but championship quarterbacks, you know Big Ben and Tom Brady.


It's kind of why when you see guys that leave a team to go to a team that doesn't have a great quarterback just for the money. But I guess that's part of it, huh? Nah, it's a bad decision. You better ask Tyreek Hill. Yeah. Huh? He tried to be a cheater man. He should have stayed. If fucking Patrick Mahomes going to the Super Bowl, you in fucking Miami. Now you are in Miami. It's nice. It's not nice in Miami. It's not. You've come to Miami after your career when you ready for vacation, Miami's a vacation. You don't want to be down there with all this party scene and BBL everywhere. Oh's, distraction. Man. You need to play in Kansas City. It's cold and you focus on football. Damn. You know you gonna win. What's BBLs mean? You don't know where the BBL L Is?


I know, I hear the term all the time. What is it? Bring it up. You Never had no BBL. I don't know if I have or not. I wanna see what it is. Brazilian butt lift. Oh, okay. And they go to Brazil to get it. Oh. Theo ain't got no ass. You ain't got no chicks with no ass on. Theo. I don't know. How much is it? You gotta buy new ass. It probably cost like 15 beds depending on what side you want. Damn. Zoom in on that one on the right. Zoom in on that. You like that ass, huh? Hey Rock, That's The ass of the day. Let's go boy. That's the crack of the day. That's the crack. Damn. She damn. Put the crack in a booty Crack. That's Brazilian. Huh? It look, that's wild. That's a new ass. Like you gotta get your bitch a new ass when it been hit.


Oh God. That's crazy. I fuck. I'll get her an SUV maybe if we're married or whatever. But what about the, whoa, whoa. What's this thing going on? That's funnel cake. That's, that's that funnel cake. That's that right there. Dead ass. Literally, bro. God. But that's a Birmingham butt lift. She got that bitch Johnny fucking central Alabama. That ain't fucking lopsided. Okay bro. Dang. Double cheeky. Huh? No cheeky. So you get that skinny VBL itt Depend on it. Depend on like what, you know, like what you, you know what your range or how you wanna open your hips.


I don't know. I, I don't want any, I don't wanna, I some women it's like, if it's too much, it kind of like I don't wanna fuck something that's fucking back. You know? That's what I Want. You don't want the jello? I, I mean, I don't know if I can handle it, man. I mean I might swerve hit that corner, you know what I'm saying? Oh shit. Whoa. What you think about that dude Jello song? You thinking like that? You know what, man, at first I was like the bar, like the, the main bar is good. But then I was like, I don't know. But then I was listening to it yesterday a couple, couple extra times and I did. I felt like you Got one. Yeah, I was, it's just like, I think it's, yeah, I liked it. You got one. I liked it. It sound like a old nineties song, right? It Does a little bit. And it, it makes you feel like anybody could like it almost all like somebody from 15 to 50.


Yeah. Yeah. You could take that in. Shout out to Jello athletes being rappers. Man. That's pretty cool. It is cool man. And I really like his brother played in for the Pelicans for a while. Yeah. His brother's ballers. Man, it's good to see all brothers. It is cool to see three brothers get to do something together. They Gotta do Something exciting. That's exciting. You know? Yeah. And then, and they had Zion Williamson down there. He fucking, yeah. That kid got bungees. Yeah, That guy. That's so exciting to play. But now that Zion's in, how are they in their last 10 games? Pelicans. Look at their last 10 games. Man. Zion carried these guys. They gonna be as good as he want to be. He got, He just misses a lot. They gotta take care of 'em a little better. Oh yeah. He gotta take care of himself too. I think so. But then also, you know what, I'm just judging.


I don't really know. Nah, I feel like they gotta take care of him too. It's like he and it is on him too. It's like yo, it is a, it is a collaboration. You know what I'm saying? You're right. A combination. 'cause it's like if the Pelicans gonna be great, they got, they gotta go with Zion. Yeah. He go down, they go down. That's good point. So it's like, How do you figure it? How do you make it all Work? Do like y'all gotta, How do you make it all work? You Gotta bring your, your king to the puzzle man. You can't have your guy. You right. I think I'm just a little angry at him as a fan. Nah, He's a professional. Yeah. I feel like I expect more outta him too. 'cause he got so much ability. It's like, it's so much more in there. Yes. And and time goes fast. Tom ticks man, you think it's not gonna tick. I Feel like we just gotta get him. They gotta build him up. What about when Levion left? Was that weird when he left Pittsburgh?


Man, I took the heart outta the soul of the team. Levion Bell. One of my close friends is like, man, Well why was his energy? He was like the team people loved him. Huh? Man, Pittsburgh still is known for the running backs. Oh yeah. Jerome Bess, they love him. Levion Bell is one of those guys like Willie Wheels. Parker. Willie Parker breaking on run. Selling was good. Wasn't he smoking guys? Bro? He didn't get enough acclaim Man. He was a great player man. Well they Moore We had always good running back To the, Had Hadda Tulane wasn't he though? Where's down? Yeah, Tulane right from New Orleans. Come on, let's go. Oh you know your history. Let's go. We Had Hadda, lot of running backs. Isaac Redman, we Had Hadda. Lot of good good guys, man. The bus, the Steelers, the bus. I feel like Franco Harris, Franko Harris, we Had Hadda legendary of Lot of history over there.


Jerry Shanky, he was an offensive lineman. But I stopped. It was just so sad because it's like, yo Levion, one of the guys be drafted. One of the guys, you just, you know, he was this heart stealer guy and he, he was so special and it was like, damn. It was like money stopped us from our goals. It's like, damn, y'all can't come there. You know? That's what I mean by both sides of people of culture. Even the team, I feel like once the old lineman and the team went, they're like joking them online. 'cause they was fairly freaking trauma's like, yo, we need him. But it's like how he feel like he don't need us. So now they're like, yo, it is like, fuck you, fuck you. It is like, man, we as people, we gotta make the uncomfortable, comfortable or not. And looking back, it's like, yo, that could have maybe won of the Stillers championship, Couple championships.


You Know what I mean? Just if we had the courage to fucking go get Avon, bro. But, but, but what about, do you think agents sometimes ruin the possibility for there to be a, I feel like A lot of different people in your corner, you know, telling, you know, I mean building you up on what they think you deserve and what's best for you and Yeah. Not seeing the bigger picture and it feel like, you know, that's a part of life. Yeah. You know, sometimes in life if you don't act on the opportunity, you could miss it thinking it was positive for you and maybe it wasn't. And it's like, you know, life goes on no matter who you is. So it's like, yeah, I don't take my life for granted man. I just, and that moment with Ian, I just wish we could've Did what we, because it would've been awesome if it did happen.


Would've. Yeah. It's Like, yo, it was like what could've, it's like what coulda And it's like we don't wanna never be living in that rim of what we could've done when we had every opportunity to do it. Yeah. You know what I mean? It is like, that was some special moments man. We, we was Who you got in the Super Bowl? Mike? Who you got in a Super Bowl? Gotta go Kansas City. It was like how you go against Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelsey for a three P. Yeah. I think also it's Like I want to see it now because now we seeing another level of greatness. Yeah. And another level of like specialness. Shout out to Andy Reed for fucking, just knowing how to do it. It's true. Huh? Hell yeah Dude. I saw, but you Had Hadda tweet the today was so good. He looked like Darlene from fucking Roseanne, bro.


That shit was, That shit was hysterical. That's just funny. That's hysterical. Yeah bro. We got the best app, ex app bro. I only like my ex app Xbox because You can say Xbox, exac and Xbox. Yeah. And ex-girlfriend Sometimes. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Sometimes. But this is so true. Remember when Ma Homies played Darlene on Rose? Definitely. That's his twin right there. That's not his face. Or though It too cold man. Assassin. Yo. Do you just, does somebody, do you also have somebody else writing stuff for you? Or is just you? Yeah, It's a combination. Me and my guy Jacob. Jacob is Oh, that I met Here. Yeah. Jacob. It's me and him come out here. Wow. He's fucking That's Savvy bro.


Bro. Yeah. He's fucking a savage. He's a savage. That's savvy dude. Yeah. Are there some players that you're still tight with or and is there a player? Of course. Yeah. Yeah man, I got a lot of great players. Avon Bell, one of my closest friends still, he came with me on the Trump campaign. Mike Wallace, one of my close friends under the radio, played with Steelers long time. Oh yeah. Ko Boez. One of my long time OGs played with me in 2013, you know what I mean? Helped me like, yo man, it's move your split little t busy. Show me. We're just working the outside receiver, how to play with the split so people not Yeah. Understanding the routes and knowing what I was doing So I could just run different routes from different angles so they wouldn't see it. Just little, little Things.


Little things that helped me be great. You know what I mean? Deion Sanders was always a partner in my corner, you know, when I walked, even when I came back to play with Tom Brady, just the whole process in that, you know, Tom Brady was always a prime factor. Even though I joked him and shit, you know, being in the Turner, he always was one of my friends closest Friend did he A pretty standup guy. Always standup. Yeah. You know what I mean? You always remember those people in the darkest time who was there for you. You know what I'm saying? Who wrote for you. You know what I mean? I knew when I went to the Raiders, went to the Patriots with him, Had Hadda star stint. I think he got to know like, damn it be really a smart working hard guy where, you know what I mean? A lot of energy and the good, you know, well man of God. 'cause you could, you know, coming the football team, you gonna learn a lot by a guy.


One, is he in shape? Could he understand, could he know what to do? You know what I mean? I feel like I built that camaraderie with just showing him for that weak of work. Just like damn. Yeah. You know what I mean? He brought me back after year off. We won the Super Bowl. That's heavy. You know What I mean? That's big. You know what I mean? And it was, it was just amazing to know that we could do, like, we could go plan something that we set out to do and do it and do it. Do you, you know what I'm saying? Do you think Belichick is as good without Brady or it's just in the end it's all just a matter of pieces being Together. Yeah. No one is in the NFL is good without a quarterback. Right. And that's the true guy. Tom Brady's don't come around, you know what I'm saying? You never find a guy who just got overlooked.


Right. And then he just fucking turned Superman and just fucking wipe your ass out for 20 plus years. You know what I'm saying? Because not a lot of people get that trauma. You know what I'm saying? Like Tom Brady had trauma like Right. Something inside of him or inside of his, yeah. So Inside his father Grandparent in his DNA, His, some in his heart that was like some in his balls Wanted to cook That wanted to, that was fucking ready to go and not fucking off the, like some shit you never see again. You know, I, well even him as an analyst, I, I'm loving him as an analyst because he gives you different, Not Take it serious. He gives you different insights that you never would've heard. He said the other day in one of the games, he said that, oh, I usually looked at how far I Had Hadda get. And I, I average it usually about a second per yard.


He said when he was like, when the clock was really low or something, whatever. I'm Fucking mad up that fucking live at Dream Football. Like Yeah, you could tell It's like Drew Brees is the same way. Dad fucking Tom Brady's a one-on-one. Trust me, drew Brees is the same. I stayed at his fucking house. That kid is 42 years old. Fucking breathalyzer on the fucking treadmill the day after the game and the fucking treadmill on incline. He got on a fucking a knee sock. His fucking fucking, we won the Super Bowl and fucking got on, got a fucking MCL the whole game. He can't even wear. Yo, he wearing jeans to practice. He practice in their fucking denim jeans. Damn. With a knee brace. And he like, yo, one more route. Fucking, he's always a one more guy.


He's never Had Hadda Award. Just one more. Yo. This one right here for the Super Bowl. Wow. Now he's always just the most prepared bro. I, I never seen a guy live and sleep fucking winning football games. Like fucking he lose a game. That fucking guy, like he lost a relative, like someone die like He lost one of his legs. Yeah. Like even if you seeing him, it's like you don't want to see Tom after that loss. Yeah. It is like, yo, he's fucking dropping even more like fucking hit the gas even more. It's is like some shit you wanna be, it's like some Navy Seal shit. It's like Right. That much energy, That much infectious. Like yo, let's go out and fucking do it Towards it. Describe I want, I wanted you to some of these words teams. I'm gonna give you a name of a team.


You just gimme a word or two to describe 'em. Ravens Aggressive Browns Toilet bowl sha You know how to take the Cleveland, how many times you take the Cleveland Browns to the Super Bowl? Oh yeah. How many times you understand that bar? Y'all Better dig Jim Brown up. I'm Talking about taking the shit. Oh Damn. The Cleveland Browns to the Super Bowl. That's the toilet. 'cause that's the only Super Bowl They going to the toilet. You go to the Browns. Yeah. You know where you going. Yeah. So people know when they go in there it's done. Huh? Same shit. Different toilet. Oh. You know what I'm saying?


It is just if all the shit What? Oh Come on Frank. What about the Bengals when you see the Beng? The Bengals? Yeah. Ah, the Bengals. I think a Patman Jones like raw player, great player. But some way they gonna fuck it up. Yeah. Just a fuck up. Just a knucklehead. You feel me? Like some way to Cincinnati always fuck it up. It's like Joe Burrow just look like Ellen like, but I like Chase Daniels. Yeah. You like Chase Daniels? Yeah, he is. He's back up quarterback, right? He's the running back. Oh he is? Chase Daniels David. What's his, what's his name?


Chase. He's the number one receiver. I can't, I don't know how I know his name, but his name Chase. He's a fucking elite. I think he was the triple crown of the league. He was You talking about Jamar Chase? Jamar Chase. Jamar Chase. Yeah. Yeah. He was the fucking They are cha Yeah. Jamar being Chase, that's for sure. Yeah. I love Bur he Had Hadda great season. Nah, he did. He he played like a champion though. He did good. I this for like, But still the, the game is you gotta get your Nah, Joe Bur played his asshole. But What about the Jets now? The Jets is the Jets. It was like the side chicken New York, you know. Oh Damn. You know the No, I feel like all New York teams right now is just, It's hectic.


Yeah. It's w right now It's hectic over there. Yeah. What's a little bit of news that's going on, man? You got any news stories? Just, yeah, Trump said he is gonna release the MLK file. Yeah, that's what I told you. He gonna release stuff Out. We talked about that. But see I believe that that's the C here's what I believe in that I believe the CIA or the FBI or whatever has gone through probably marked stuff in there to make MLK look bad. Right. Of course They changed The narrative. They wanna bring him down because here's what happens is they start to, first they give you leaders, then they start to release information that brings those leaders down. And when they do that, they kill a culture. They killing a culture. Right. Of course. So now all the people that had him as like a, as a role model and, and he may have Had Hadda high, high level guy and a high level guy.


He may have Had Hadda unique light that was filled with different things, but it didn't make him maybe a bad guy. So It just, my, it just, it just took away. That's what I'm saying. That's right. You wanna take away your culture. That's what America been based on for black culture And white culture too. Man. It happens now for white culture too. I feel It happened for all human. Yes. That's what we gotta emanated just mostly for the blacks, the black superheroes. Oh yeah. I mean it's definitely happened more to blacks but now you're seeing where they're going and taking down like they're really, the media can go and take black leaders down. Right. I mean that's all it is is the media take down. It always is. That's all. Has it been? What else We got The only person in the world after with a functioning pig organ is thriving after a record two months.


Ooh. Damn. Let's pull that up man. Have you Had Hadda pig organ? Yeah, they got a pig organ they put in somebody. This, that. Wow. The only person in the world with a Functioning black person. Damn. Oh damn. Is it an Alabama woman passed a major milestone Saturday to become the longest living recipient of a pig organ transplant healthy and full of energy with her new kidney that 61 days and counting. Man that's k. That's kind of messed up man. I feel like hot in a piece of hot pork inside of a black person seems fucked up. Right? Is that crazy Inside? Yeah. That's bad bro. And fucking Alabama. Come on. Come on man. That's a lie. That's insider trading bro. You can't, that's fucking, They just turned it to a pig.


I mean it's just like man That fuck that shit's bad walking business bro. Oh but a lot of people love baking. You can't put a piece of fucking bacon inside of somebody Body. Why the fuck would she get that? That's all they had. That's a good point man. That see that's the kind of shit that black people are going through like hey we ain't got a regular heart. Yeah. Like some side shit. Like We'll put this fucking side heart in you. Yeah. They can't do them like that. They gotta stop doing us like that. Yeah. Damn Bro. At least we could get a regular one. They got no regular ones out there. Yeah. At least def. Yeah you can't that's Wow. Yeah. Even if a how Fucking, what's the source of you living like in the pig organ? Even give her one with the beets off a little bit. That's fine. You know, put that remix in her but don't give her a pig.


Heart scientists are genetically altering pigs so their organs are more human-like to address a severe shortage of transplantable human organs. Hmm. Well yeah, that's interesting. What else, man? What else have we covered? I'm trying to think of things that I wanted to cover today. Man. Tiger King, star Joe. Exotic claims. Eight prison guards beat him up after one. Tried to force him to give oral sex an interview with Mac game. Mm. That's Tiger King. Y'all mess with him. This guy remember him? Oh shit, they trying to take Tiger King out. They trying to get him in jail but he in there slurping for sure bro. He been in there. But yeah, that's one thing I think is if they, I don't know what else.


I think, man, my brain's tired. Yours get tired sometimes. Nah, I try to keep it going off. I'm How much pot do you smoke today? You think? It's my first two joints. Damn. Yeah. I can't, But black people are so much better at getting high I think man. Because you got a lot of trauma to help you relax. Fuck I, dude, I got high. I couldn't fucking walk four or five feet without making sure everybody's okay. But I see black guys will play a whole basketball game on a, on a being high. Yeah. You got high Thisone. I'm ready to go. I can't, I don't know. It was always a beyond blew my mind. You just gotta slam your, if you, if you wanna be black, just slam your dick in the door, it is gonna swell up. Damn. And then you black, you feel me?


Then your energy gonna go up. You feel me? I don't know bro. Bro, I can't take anymore medical out. I can't take any more suggestions from you today bro. You gonna have me with a sore dick yelling the N word out on the interstate. You gonna Be going viral? Yeah, we going viral. It is a black party, bro. Oh man. I appreciate you coming ab man man. Thanks For having me man. It was an honor man to just, you know, sit down. Yeah. Talk about some huge stuff. Even if it was uncomfortable, just make the normalcy of just breaking bread, you know? Yeah, Yeah. I'm intrigued. What do you kind of see, like what things you want to do in the coming future? Because it's like, I feel like at first people thought you was kind of crazy and then now people are like thinking well, well you know what, that's all judgment.


What do you wanna do? What, what's some things you like? Like do you feel like you wanna achieve? You know, I feel I just wanna, you know, serve my purpose of living and you know, giving out light, encouraging people and you know, bridging the gap. You know, some of the stuff we've been doing on X. Bringing a comedy between like bridging the gap of people and just opening people minds of you know, experiencing being and making people aware of what the traumas they face. You know, just being a normal person. Not even being a celebrity or any type of color. Just people as humans. Yeah. You know what I mean? Going through traumas and overcoming and just bridging the gap of just raising awareness for leaders. Yeah. What's one of your biggest regrets you've had over the years if you have one?


Shit, my biggest regret probably was just like not throwing a wedding for myself. You know, I feel like so many people fucked me over and threw so much bad parties. I might well just go to the altar with myself and celebrate myself That much. Huh. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because I feel like life's about living and I feel like you gotta love yourself and being a black person, you experience so much trauma with somewhere, people writing you down, changing the narrative character bring you down. So it's like you gotta keep enough sanity and not enough, you know what I mean? Enthusiasm to just be encouraging and have the confidence.


'cause not everybody could overcome what people writing a off killing their character, bringing them down, making them feel a certain way and take a strong individual to be able to, you know, overcome that. So I feel like it just continue to raise an awareness, talking to people like yourself, high level people that, you know, bridging the gap or just raising conversation that inspired the youth and the world. You know, just spreading the light. You know? I think I accomplished a lot of things in my life in the short time and I feel like now it's just being that inspiration as a human. The hottest thing you could do is inspire. So just inspire people raising conversations. Yeah. Inspiring people. Bringing smiles and bringing people together.


You do that. I mean definitely. Yeah. You're, I think you really seem like an interesting guy. I'm glad that I got to get to chat with you. And I do think too, they should auction off that n word once in a while, man. Maybe we have that little auction man. Have some Part. Just think about it. Maybe We Had Hadda nigga awards and then just maybe change the name word. I know you hate the word. Yeah. But it's like, it's a part of history. The word only get, yo, we need to create A new, well we'll sit in the back this time if y'all do have it. How about that? No, You gotta be in the front line. Nah, that's gonna cause a lot of controversy dude. I ain't, We gonna build it up. We gonna throw out the teachers, get the commercials, we gonna make sure we gonna Free Brian Purvis. Let him give one out. Yeah. We Gonna talk to Brian per on the CTS PN and talk about some of his traumas. Yeah. What did he learn and where he added his now and why he now Liked a black culture to feel comfortable too.


Exactly. Because I think that's an interesting thing. I think that what embracing it, probably how he grew up made him feel like he was one of the guys. Because imagine when people fit not your own people. When your own people treat you like shit, you feel like black people because all lot people know is they be like treated like shit. So it's like yo, we gonna treat you like shit. So it's like until you break the culture of shit and making people understand it's okay to be of the not normal, but still have that love to still build 'em in the right way so you don't turn the right wrong way or do the wrong thing. You know, we gotta save people And if they had like a thing say if like, you know tonight bro, right? 9:30 PM McCauley Kin is doing the N word bro. That's comedy isn't it? From home alone.


You telling me how many people would pay to stream that Man, they gonna love that. And then you give the money to, We donate to the organizations, the black C organizations. Exactly. We make it beneficial, man. We know everything we do with positive intent to bring people Together. We're gonna get a lot of hate for even thinking about that. Think. But I could think Could I feel like we can't worry about the hate I feel like in life. Okay. You're right. Because sometimes the hate come after the hate come rewards they go Yeah, yeah. After the Hate 2.7 billion. Right. You know what I'm saying? After the hate come to love, I feel like if you're not getting hate then you're not raising the conversation. You gotta be uncomfortable. Right. You got, you're right. You have to be uncomfortable To get comfortable. Right. Just how you feel uncomfortable about it is that we gotta find the resource to make you comfortable.


And we found the resource, okay, let's do it like this. We gonna give back to the black communities. So now we not just saying this and the guitar ready to be funny, we got a real resource behind this and we bringing people together. Oh Yeah. Because it's a natural thing. It's not like when people haven't said this or little kids, I told you Tom Brady's sons Ben to like, yo, he think about the word I Had Hadda Tom Za had explained them the word like, yo man, I think it's not in the fifties where people use this as it's not slaves no more. You know what I'm saying? It's like, it's the normalcy of black families being rich and living upon the same culture of generational wealth. Yeah. And, and building that up and seeing what the future of that's like in the universe, you know? Exactly. I mean I'm just a wit I'm just a bystander in, in all of that.


But yeah, I think that would be, that would be really interesting to see if, if that was a way to raise some money, but that also might be really crazy. And I think we talking at the X out right now, we was thinking maybe like the Cracker Olympics, but they was like, we maybe could maybe call it the A BC Olympics. Mm. A B in the Cs for cracker. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? That way it's not like a, that's why everybody could feel comfortable. 'cause now we not trying to No, no trying to promote comfortability. And You dude, a lot of good crackers ain't getting a, they they want, it's, you want to be, everybody likes a little bit of Shine, you know, Everybody deserves Shine. We all humans we deserve Shine. Yeah. No matter who you are in the face of you deserves Shine.


Yeah. All plants, bro. Everybody's working hard towards something and Deserve that. All plants, bro. We look at the sun, man. Thank what we got. What? Yeah, we got another. Any anything else you wanna talk about? Ab The Elon. The Elon Trump fart. The Elon Trump fart coin. The ETF 500 Elon Trump fart coin. I wish I could pump out a fart right now, but I'm gonna have a belly. But yeah, this the coin. It's a Bitcoin. What's your thoughts on crypto? I know you got a lot of money and shit on Crypto. I do. Just mutual. I'm a safe bro. I I I get scared about my money. Oh wait, I did get like one, probably one 60th of a Bitcoin or something. How much? One 40th of a Bitcoin.


How Much is that? I think maybe 3,500 I got in there. You got little Scion. So I got a little put away. Isn't that crazy? Jeez. Up might be 4,000. So check out the Elon Musk fart coin man. So it's Elon Musk fart coin. Elon Trump fart coin. Which one is it? Elon Trump Fart coin. So check out the Elon Trump fart coin. And what is that? It's a coin that's out on us. What? It's one of the best coins that's out on crypto. Oh really? Yeah, It's going up. It's heating up right now. Let's see that Elon Trump fart 500. Pull that up. Elon Trump fart. 500. Yeah. That shit looking down like a fuck. Nah, that shit been doing a long day. That's just 24 hours. Gimme a month. Oh Yeah. Long day. Should be in green skeet.


There you go. I go to greens. So Elon Trump coined 500 Elon Trump fart. Oh yeah. I was gonna fart with it. I thought you was gonna bust some ass, right? Nah, that's all right man. I don't think we need to all let's don't bridge the gap that much, bro. E-T-F-E-T-F 500. Okay. Elon Trump fart. 500 coin crypto. It's going up. Gang gang, man. You trade a lot. I trade a lot, man. I try to get into it. It's a lot of money in a digital aspect. Yeah. Oh no, I agree. It's a huge part of the culture now too. Yeah, it's, we've all, it's all different things that happen in financial culture. It's, I'm curious to see what the whole future of crypto and that whole world looks like. Meme coins and everything. It's interesting. Ab thank you man.


I, I really appreciate your time. You know, honor, Man. Thanks for having a conversation chatting with me. Yeah, And for just the, all the tweeting and stuff. It's, you, it's very, it's a lot of entertainment. So, so thank you for that. It takes a lot of time to do that. People don't think about that. It's a lot of time. So thank you for the commitment and best of luck to you, man. Thank you Brother. Yeah. Now I'm just on the, and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be corner when I reach that. I'll share this.