
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please, for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


I have some tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in East Lansing, I'll be in Victoria in the Canada. I'll be in College Station, Texas, Belton, Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Nashville, Tennessee, baby, and Winnipeg in the Canada. And Calgary in the Canada. All those tickets are at Theo Von dot com slash TU. This is still the return of the rat tour, I promise. We'll, we'll end at one of these days when we've gone all the places that we can go. I'm very grateful that you guys continue to support us. Today's guest is a standup comedian.


He's a podcaster. He's been an integral part of comedy for a long time. Bridges a lot of bridges, a lot of years, and connections between other comics. He's certainly a type of of glue in the humor world. His latest special America's sweetheart is now on Netflix. You know, his podcast, you be tripping. And he is currently on the farewell tour going now through the rest of the year. I'm always excited to spend time with him and catch up. Today's guest is Mr. Ari Shafi.


Too much burrito, did you? Ugh. I fucking have American serving sizes. And they hit you with knot like chips and salsa first. Fill up on those. Yeah, some serving sizes are alarming. I can't tell if I'm, you know, there's an amount of serving size that you want to get, right? There's, but then some places that give too much, you're like, oh, that's, this is awesome of them. But then you start having it and you're like, oh, this, I keep eating it. I'm a dog. And it's not good. Sometimes they're just overloading you with badness. If shitty Fries we're like, there's no seasoning of this. And then I ate 'em all. Oh, I should've just been like, no, I'll get fry. I have fry money. I could go get more fries, Don better. I'm like, they're right here, right now. I'm gonna eat 'em.


Yeah. I want like two bites. Too many would be perfect. Mm. Okay. I'm done with like one or two extra bites. And then that's it, buddy. That, that Trump interview is so fucking good. Thanks, man. I've seen anybody do it like that where it's like, I mean, this is the way I'm reading it. Like I'm theo. I'm like, you're here for me, not the other way around really. And you're gonna facilitate me being Theo. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I just felt I Had Hadda, I'd had an exhausted week that week. We'd had like a couple of interviews. I think it was in New, in New York and in Nashville. And so it was just like a lot of traveling. I was like, I do not wanna do this today. Yeah, You really Had Hadda Prep for it, but it was just like burnt out, you know? Yeah.


But yeah, I think people, some people have said that they think it had an effect on the election and stuff. I don't really think that. I think it was like a neither here nor there. He was just sitting there like, like this for you. It's like when I go into bonfire with Jay and Dan. Yeah. I would just like, oh, you guys have a routine here. I'll just sit back and maybe get one tagline in, you know? Yeah. I wish we'd gotten more time to get to, I wish I'd gotten more time to talk to Donald Trump because I thought it would've been just, I knew we only had about like 55 minutes. So that's, that's a, you know, unique amount of time. I hate with Those big guys where they're like, we have this much, and you're like, all right, I'll do that. Everybody else, like, let's just go till we're kind of done. Yeah. But Tucker Day man is like, we're gonna need to wrap up in the, in the Oh yeah, fine. But like, I'm not Finish yet. There some guy in the back, some lady like, I should have just been like, wave it off.


But I, I didn't, should have been like, I don't work for you. Don't work for me. I don't work for you. I'm Gonna keep him here. Yeah. I wish he'd have got, dude, I Had Hadda Dream last night, actually, that I interviewed Tim Walls. Actually. He's the loser guy. He was the guy, the set? Yeah. They, he was on the losing team and he was What'd you interview him about it? What'd you talk to him in, in your dream? I can't Remember. He was so cool in the interview. And I was like, dude, no. People don't know if you're so cool or not. We gotta, we have to come. Let's talk people, you know? But I think, yeah, I Bet they're all kind of cool. Yeah, I bet. They're like, Hey, you know what I wanna do? I wanna take power. I'm like, Ooh, I like that. And then when they do it, everyone's like, fuck you. Yeah. I think a lot of 'em just probably either want, or they want, that's the thing.


It's so hard to know what they're really like as opposed to what you see. Yeah. Until I think you get some sort of like a ver like something of them that seems like somewhat relatable to you. Yeah. No, they're all a product too. I saw somebody talking about George Bush Jr. How you say? Nuclear? You know, do I say nuclear? Oh, yeah. And somebody's like, how do, wait, How would he say it? Nuclear. Nuclear. That's how he, he would say it. No, he said nuclear. Nuclear. Oh, nuclear's wrong. Sorry buddy. Which one's wrong? Nuclear Nuclear's. Wrong. Yeah, Nuclear. But nuclear power. Like you don't think he knew? Never. That's nuclear power. Nuclear power. Yeah. No matter what you put on it, it's always gonna be nuclear. Okay. Yeah. I've heard it both ways. I think I, I'm not, I didn't really know which one was Yeah, correct.


But yeah, nuclear. But they were like, you don't think he knew how to pronounce it? His father was the president. You don't think he knew? And he heard nuclear around the house. They told him to mispronounce that so he could be relatable. Wow. You think? Yeah. Damn. He went to like a Ivy League school. That's true. Huh? He Would've been shaken of that. Yeah. We, I think that's that. I think people are starting to get hip to like, how much of it is Game of Thrones like image shit. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. How much of it is like, this person is doing this, or they're being told this, or this is the plan. Yeah. Kamala did not have a good strategist. Whoever her bus, her their planner was or whatever. Yeah. Who was that? Who was their, that's one thing I better read.


I Bet it wasn't the wan ever the campaign advisor. Yeah. I bet it wasn't that ball guy. What, what's his name? It's like the main one. Carville. James Carville. Oh yeah. He was cool. Not him. He would've, he would've, he would've done something better. He would've done something cool. He's outta Louisiana. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I went up to him once. I was like, how do you talk to a celebrity? There's no, there's No way. Yeah. I, I don't know how to do they know I'm talking to 'em. 'cause they're them not just like, oh, hey, cool shirt. And didn't know who it was, you know? Yeah. So I saw him at a commercial shoot once. I was like, how, what do I say? I'm like, I know he used to call into sports radio in DC and he Had Hadda. Great thing, like always bet on the home underdog if there are more than seven points. And I was like, that's what I'll say. I was like, Hey, he used to listen to you on WTEM with corn heer way back. And he goes, oh, cool.


Fuck, fuck. Even that. Yeah. There's nothing worse when, because if your planned line doesn't go good for a celebrity, you have nothing. That's it. Yes. You stand there like an asshole. Like, Oh, I've done that. It feels so shitty. And it's so obvious what you were trying to do. I know. Oh, dude, that's like a, Johnny, there was a night where Johnny Depp was at the Comedy Store. Oh yeah, I heard about That. And everybody like, you got, he's The star. Oh, he was, there was nobody like him. You know, he was, he was everybody, dude. Yeah. He was in that movie, Peter Pan, who was in that Peter Pan movie. Was he? Yeah. What was it called? Oh, Finding Neverland. Finding Neverland. Oh God, that's a good movie.


But anyway, every, so then like suddenly I'd never even really been backstage at the main room. I, in the main room. I wasn't getting on stage there much of the time. And I'm like, oh, I gotta go back. I've fucking Gotta Go back, Johnny. So you walk in the, the back, the back room back there was packed. Like, you could barely even move. Everybody's having like these fake conversations and kind of has their body lightly turned towards Johnny Depp. They all Try to laugh louder. So like, maybe he will join in with our joviality. I see it with Rogan sometimes. I bet you get it too. And you sit and I'm like, oh, cool. Nobody's in this bar. It's like, I did it. Just fill up. Yeah. It's like word got out Theo v's. There. Oh, Rogan. I couldn't imagine. Dude, I feel like you never see, I feel like a lot of people, you never see him.


He doesn't do a lot of, We get like 20 minutes normal and then it, eh, it's over. Yeah. And I'm like, eh, I was sitting there. All right. Fucking take it. Yeah. They're like, let tell you about science, you know? Yeah. I'll tell you where the aids is. You know, you're like, what's this guy? And it's just a gay guy, his flirting or whatever. But dude, it was like that at the rep. That was it. And he was in the back and then up coming out. I think I Can't Oh, that's Edgar. That's Edgar, that's right. Yeah. He was with Edgar. And who brought him? The guy, Doug Stanhill. Doug Stanhill brought him from Arizona. And everybody was just like, Trying to be in his presence. Yeah. His aura. You could soak it in, you could Bask, you could just see him.


And I can't, I can't even remember if I got to meet him or not, but if I did, I think it was one of those things like, oh, see things are going good. Or something like that. Just like, like we were from high school together. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like, you want this con It's never gonna be that. Yeah. It's never gonna be like, sh the best was Dice one time, met some guy and he goes, oh, we should, we should hang out. So some fan and dice like, sh sh you know how he is. And he is like, sure, gimme your number. And Dice called him and texted him 35 times a day, bothered him at work to the point where the guy's like, Hey Andrew, I'm, I'm, I'm working right now. He goes, Oh yeah. Work's tough. You know? It's like, remember a couple jobs I had when I was younger and it's like, Andrew, I gotta go back to work. The guy just regretted trying to be friends with him.


Yeah, that Oh, that's Hilarious. It does suck. I heard Brody Stevens went back there and like, either didn't know, or now that I realize, probably somebody told him. And he went back there and was like, oh, like, like, you're not expecting to see anybody, let alone Johnny fucking Depp. Yeah. And he goes, oh. And then I heard Depp had this way to offset. He goes, hi, I'm Johnny, how you doing? Or, I'm John. Yeah. And then Brody's like Johnny Depp. Yes. Heard of it. He must have been like, this guy's been weird in front of me. Like, no, no, no. That's just who he is. He's gonna hang himself soon. Oh, don't worry about that. God. Yeah. That's, yeah. There's nothing scarier than if you have a line for something gonna say this because your brain doesn't think like, it's just like, oh, everything will go good.


It's not like, well, if that doesn't get adhered to, then what are you gonna do after that? Yeah. You plan ahead. Like once that goes, great. Then what do I do from there? I'll Talk, I'll listen. I'll say, Hey, I will. Then I'll ask you. Maybe we can get a photo or something. Yeah. But God, it's so scary when that first line doesn't go good. 'cause then you don't know what to do. Oh, it's so Embarrassing. It is harrowing. Kind of. And that was at a time when celebs, there was like a real hierarchy to celebrity. Then I feel like celebrities gotten very like anybo. Like it's, everybody has like social media, you know? Everybody has a website. Everybody could be a star. You know? A you Also see the real them now. The real, real celebrities. Yeah. So you're like, oh, you're just a guy. Yeah.


You do the same. You're like, oh, I see you with your dog. You're fine. You're normal. Yeah. Things have gotten, yeah. Celebrities used to be kept more in this kind of hidden realm kind of. Yeah. I met Rob Lowe, who's one of those big did my travel podcast. Yeah. And he was like, can I change? And the other room was like, yeah, sure. It's, I mean, it's filthy. I had someone sleeping in there yesterday, so like, but like, yeah, whatever. And then it's just like, yeah. Yeah. I don't have to like cater to 'em. You're a guy fucking go in there and change. I don't know. Right. Yeah. And that they're how they all are. It's just, it's, it's weird realizing as you grow up, they're not different. Yeah. Do you think that's growing up? Or do you think that it's changed that the va like No, Maybe it's changed. Maybe. But I mean, I always take out the fact that I'm getting, that I'm getting older and growing up.


That that could be part of the realization of things. Yeah. Somebody said, like, whenever you have a big movie now they're like, oh, let's get like Matt Damon or, you know, it's Brad Pitt. That'll be a big, big star. But there's like, no one under 28 worships That guy. Yeah. So like, it's a 50-year-old studio exec saying, that'll be a headline. I was like, no, no. Get Timothy Chalamet. Yeah. Get somebody younger. Yeah. Give Timothy Chalamet or get a lesbian who's a Timothy Chalamet impersonator. Yeah. Without even trying. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. But even that would go further with a young generation. Sure. Would. They'd be like, Oh yeah. They'd be like, what the fuck? Ari Shafi, man. Good to see you, bro. You too buddy. Yeah. Are you living, so are you living in Austin Now? No. New York. Are You still living in New York? Just Publicly. Every time I'm there, there's so many fucking pictures.


So everyone's like, I guess you must be there. Yeah. Yeah. You can't do it two feet without somebody posting a picture either. And they're pretty immediate over there too. Yeah. Like the second you're there, you show up on social media. Yeah. You're like, it's almost like, Hey, how's, how's the crowd? I'm about to go on. I noticed you post you there. Like, oh, all right. They're pretty good. Do you, are you amazed at the success of Austin or with the comedy scene in Austin? What do you think about it? Do you It's exciting for sure. It's exciting. They got some shit to overcome. They wanna be a real scene. Yeah. Yeah. The, they, they need to know where they're weak. They don't Oh, where they're weak. The comedians, you mean? Yeah. They, they're, there's a lot of like ass kiss in there. It's like, we're great, we're great.


And you really gotta focus on why we're terrible. Self-hating was always drive you better than celebration. Oh, you know what, that's a good, I don't know if there's as much self hatred there. Yeah. The store. Especially when you started going there, like right after me, it was, it was like nobody was there. Like, we suck. We fucking suck. It's obvious. No one's here to see us, so let's try to be better. Yeah. They've kind of started out like doing well. Yeah. Kind of like the JonBenet of comedy, sort of. Yeah. Four year comics with like serious road draws. You are like, oh, you need that fucking struggle time. You started with a spotter. That's not the best way to work out. I didn't even really think about That. Yeah. But it's still exciting. It's a new burgeoning scene and that's pretty exciting. You know, there's no, there's no Hollywood there to to, to fuck it up, to ship people away from what they're doing.


So they're really just concentrating on jokes. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I, I've, no, like at first I was like, what's this gonna be like? You know, it seemed like a lot of like, you know, when Joe went, but then also Tom Segura went, which is huge. And a lot of comedians went like, I think The bigger thing is those five, six year comics that are going, and in 10 years it's gonna long, it's a long game to make that scene something. And in 10 years they're gonna be the biggest, the best comics. Right. And they're gonna be Austin comics. Yeah. You know? Yeah. That's kind of the last time I was there. I was like, you could go up and down that street and do kind of five sets in a night if you wanted. And I was like, well that is, that Part's nice. Yeah, that's nice. But do you ever, I mean, I don't know how you are normally you're so fucking big now.


It's pretty cool. But like I talked to with Shane too, I'm like, can you go up and like get an honest rep anymore? Oh, that's a good question. Especially Shane, I feel like is the biggest guy in the world right now. Yeah. I feel like he's like, I don't even know who I would compare him to. He, he's like the big Like, like Dane Cook. Yeah. At the time when Dane was Dane Shane and Dane Shane and Dane buddy cops where they don't do anything, they just get drunk instead. And, and Dane just goes, come on, don't drink, don't drink, don't drink. And Shane just keeps drinking. And then they never solve a crime. Dane has a big ID and then changes Seems gay, Raises his eyebrow out Up and he's like, alright, I won't, Seems gay.


That's hilarious. That'd be the best. I'd be the best Cop. Nothing happens any, every single episode. You just sit there kind of half argue We Yeah, you need an honest rep. There's times where I go up in New York and it's a big applause and sometimes I go up and it's like, one guy's like that. And I'm like, oh, nice. Okay. This is gonna be a real, I'll really tell if my jokes are good this time, This is gonna be fair. Yeah. Well I think a lot of the people from the podcast are that, you know, that realm or whatever people that podcast, it's like a lot of the audiences know us. Yeah. So you going, they just see us so much, you know, going Ahead of time. They already know your backstory. Yeah. They saw so many, I mean, they've seen so many clips or for you or things that are out there, you know, and a lot of it's stuff that we didn't even make. It's like other channels making shit.


It's like, you know, like I know there's like Legion of SKS has like extra channels that are always just making their shit and putting it out. Fan stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's great stuff. But it's like, so then that just gets so much of it out there. Yeah. I remember doing, one time I was doing, when I was doing that juice special, I would do Q and As to like, what do you wanna know about juice? And sometimes it'd be like, what's the yon like? I'm like, no, no, no, no. Just two questions. And then one time in Houston I was like, alright, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this. They said something about Bird. I was like, I was like, all right, bird did that, whatever. And then Tom and I was doing that. And then this black couple, this guy, so just raising your hand, he raised his hand was like, yeah, question. He goes, who are all those people? And I was like, Oh yeah, you don't know the backstory. I can't do shit like that.


Yeah. Well black people started podcasting a lot more last year. Yeah. They just figured out how to get online. Oh yeah. They couldn't figure out the password. They keep changing their phone numbers too much. It's linked to an old phone number. That Could be true. Yeah. They're like, oh, this is my aunt's email account. Is this your address? Who's asking? But who's asking? Yeah. Some, some guy put in his, his home address or his email address. Dude not disguises to enter into a password. Like, I don't know how it works. Anyway, they finally fi hired some white Jew outta college to run it for him. Yeah. Now it's all running great. I am, I am curious about Austin. I'm curious 'cause last time I was there, just this energy, there is a lot of excitement.


The club will be sold out. I mean, Joe's Club will be sold out forever. So you sold it in seconds. Yeah. But even you go to some of those other rooms, you go to Red Band's room next door you go to, there's the Black Cat or something. Black Rabbit. Yeah. Black Rabbit. My problem is also, I can't, I can't get any on it. I'm a, I'm a star there. Yeah. So that's not, it's fun. It was like, do you remember the Laugh Factory Open mic? Yes. So Laugh Factory, Open mic, signing up for it and sitting outside. You can only do once a month. And that's what kept you in comedy. 'cause you're like, I will kill. And the store open mic was like, made you think about quitting. Yeah. But like, it was so good. You need that once in a while. It's just a victory lap. That's how Austin is for me. No matter where I go. I said yes. And I'm like, alright, I can't work on anything here.


It's probably 'cause you and Rogan have been been friends for so long. Yeah. You've just been, you know, so intertwined with a lot of those guys. Yeah. And because you've done so much work yourself, But for new comics, you can get that honest rep there. And that's what's exciting to me. Yeah. And I think that Joe also, he's trying to build a scene, not just a club. Yeah. I think he's doing it. I mean, he pushes, at the end of every episode, he asks everybody, he's like, so you moving in Austin? Oh Yeah. He tries so hard. He he does It. Yeah. He tries so hard. I try to tell him the reasons why they don't make sense to him. Yeah. I'm like, there's like, it's like an influencer town. Yeah. He's like, no, you just get a place 45 minutes away with armed guards every mile. You know? And it's like, okay, that's not gonna be my reality buddy. Yeah. Yeah. He has people just shooting on it tablets and, No, it's close.


They just get airlifted into the club and get airlifted back. It's easy, man. Yeah. But it's such a fun time. It is fun. Oh my God. It's a vacation. Every time you go there, you treat it right. You fill up your own drinks. That's how every club should be. I'm an adult. I get free drinks when I gotta borrow this, bother this bartender. Yeah. Lemme just make my drinks. And people are like, doesn't he lose a lot of money? They're like a bottle of it costs $60. Right. No. Like Yeah. If you're, if that, if that's that much of the stress, then it's, you guys are having a tough time anyway. Yeah. Yeah. You, you make a ton of money. You, you see your friends with nothing to do when you're there Getting to be in there. You also, you people don't realize you get to meet whoever Joe had on his show that day.


Oh yeah. Is gonna be at the club that night. There's Some congress person's there. Like, hello. Anyway, we're gonna, we're about to make some Holocaust jokes. Do you wanna stay in for this? Or it's, it's, it's on you. But he is like, I wrote A couple myself. Yeah. We're like, I think I could fuck AIDS out of a chick and like, oh, I'm sorry Your Honor. Maybe let, we will leave. But he does feel energetic there. I I've, yeah. I'm seriously considering getting a, trying to get a little house there someplace where I could be there more often because I wanna be able to work on comedy more. I do feel like I get a real rep for comedy when I'm here, actually. Interesting. If it's not a show that I put on. Yeah, yeah. Right, right, right. Then you get up. 'cause I don't feel, I feel like la like At least some rep, some like that.


I might know you, but I'm not, I maybe I'm not a ticket buyer for Theo V. Right. So you gotta win me over a little bit. Yeah. Maybe I'm not a fan at all. Right. Maybe I don't like you. Yeah. So win me Over the best was one time at, when Louis came back, we saw security footage, camera, some chick was there in the side, so we could see her fully behind Louie. And she was like, just like mad. And then four minutes in, it's Louis K. Right? So he's, the talent there is is undeniable. So she's mad. After about four minutes she goes. And then five minutes later she's like, and then by the end she's just dying laughing. She's like, yeah, maybe this guy's all right. Yeah. At the end she's like, jerk off in front of me. You can do it.


Don't ask. I'm not into that. Yeah. She's Changing her whole mo. Yeah. Dude. I, I really think, yeah. Who I think Louie Bill Burr probably the funny they might be. Louie's the funniest guy I've ever seen. The funniest person I've ever spoken to. He's the most creative. I think he Is always just making jokes and you put him on a pedestal sometimes, but he is not, he's just a schmuck. He's just a sch mendrick. A fat blob. And like whatever we put on, that's us putting himself on. He's just a dude. Yeah. I'll be honest, I've been getting a bit more into crypto, just hedging my bets on the market in the future.


If you love Bitcoin or looking to get into crypto, then I got the right thing for you. Introducing Moon Pay the easiest way to buy or sell crypto using the payment methods you already feel comfortable with. Credit card, debit, PayPal, and even Venmo. Crypto's been on a tear. And if you're thinking about diving into that digital treasure chest moon pay has got your back. They've got mine. I've had my ups and downs with crypto. I'll say that. You know it. I was just checking the charts so much and buying and selling and I felt overwhelmed. But thanks to Moon Pay, I'm back using Moon Pays app is simpler than a one string guitar. And it's available on iPhone and Android. So you can have Moon pay in your pocket. You might be wondering, is Moon pay safe? Well, their security is like Fort Knox and their support team. They're like your personal crypto bodyguards available all day every day. That's one thing I like about them, the availability of assistance. So if you're looking to get into crypto, there's no better place than Moon Pay. Head over to Moon pay.com/t HEO. Or you can access them in any of your favorite crypto wallets, such as Exodus, Phantom meta Mask or Trust Wallet. Disclaimer. This is not financial advice. Trading Crypto carries risks and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is here to facilitate, not advise.


This show is sponsored by Liquid IV. I've gotta say I've become addicted to Liquid IV. There's a new flavor. It's, it looks like the bomb pops. They used to have the ice frozen ones. The red, white and blue ones. I love that flavor. I drink Liquid IV every single day. It's the ultimate in hydration. Break the mold and your own ritual. Just one stick plus 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone. Powered by LIV Hydroscience and optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins in clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. That's what you'll get. Embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code theo at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today. Using promo code theo at Liquid IV dot com.


Let's talk about leveling up your grooming game. It's time to raise the bar this year with the all new chairman plus electric foil shaver by Manscaped. This thing puts the power of a barber shop quality shave right in your hand. The Chairman plus features 60 minutes of battery life. The high performance rechargeable battery gives you 60 minutes of runtime. That's enough time to shave your face and overthink every bad decision you've made this week. That's what I do. It's time to ditch your messy traditional shaving routine and upgrade to the Chairman Plus from Manscaped. Visit Manscaped dot com and use code Theo to get 20% off, plus free shipping. Whether you're suiting up for work or heading out for a night on the town, or just having a relaxing evening at home. Manscaped has everything you need to look and feel your best. Your face will thank you. And so will everyone else.


You have a new, you have a, I wanna make sure we ran. You have a new comedy special coming out? Yeah, it's out. It's out now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just come out America's sweetheart. Nice. Oh, and that's you. It's Me. That's right. Wow. So things have changed. That's right. In America for sure. I'm the nice guy. Hey, we'll take what we can get. You know, Like, is nobody nicer? Like, nah. Is do you find as you, as you've been in, 'cause you've been in comedy for how long? 25 years. Wow. Why? It's a long fucking time. It's more than half. It's, I've been more in comedy than not in comedy. I think I just passed that. Do you, do you feel like in the beginning you were just telling jokes, like there was a, and now that there's any more purpose, I just wonder, like I, I'll try to look at ev like, do we evolve as comedians?


'cause you hear some people say, we evolve, right? Yeah. You hear some people say their whole goal, their whole life is just to get up the punchline. Some people wanna start being philosophical. Right? Do you feel any difference or, or notice anything about that for yourself? Yeah, I think it's everybody. It's like, it's not even like you do this thing, it might even take off or not take off. But then you're like, well, I'm a different person. Like Sturgill, you know Sturgill Simpson. So he is singing about DMT and mushroom stuff. And then the later albums is like, it's about his kids and stuff. And they're like, what about the drugs? And he's like, I mean, I covered it. I'm in my forties now. I don't, it's kind of gross to be talking about like, can you believe that got so whacked out? It's like, it's kind of lame at some point. So you have to like shift and the better you get too. You talk to ael who I think, but definitely could be the best.


That's A good point. And you see him, dude, that joke was so funny. He goes, it was a simple switch and like he's on such a higher level that stuff. I've been around for a while that I'm like, wow. He's like, that was a nothing thing. That was an easy trick. I just did. Yeah. And he's so far above me, I can't see it. So yeah. Everybody evolves a bit. I've started using my English degree more. Really? Yeah. Doing a pretty much my last two specials. Just like a, like Othello or something? No, like the five paragraph essay. Oh. Like having a real plan to it. Some Structure. Yeah. And just like, here's my thesis, here's my proofs. Now here's a, here's a wrap up instead of just a collection of bits. But you know, once you get like, pretty good at joke telling, then it's like, what, what do I wanna do on top of that?


Right. So that's what I'm doing with this. I'm trying to get people off the news. Yeah. Is that what it's about? More? Yeah. I'm sort of like, just get, things are pretty good if you, if you're on there too much, they're gonna think it's bad, but it's actually pretty fucking good. Yeah. I saw a clip where you were with Howie Mandel. He was talking about anti, or I don't know if you guys are talking about antisemitism. Somebody was Yeah. And then how Come you could pronounce that well and not nuclear? That's a good question. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Programming. Yeah. You've come in contact with one more than another. Yeah. Yeah. And he, He was so sure that that's a horrible time for Jews. Yeah. And I'm so positive it's not. Yeah. Yeah. I remember he, I, there was one time he was, oh, I think it was when Trump was running for office and nobody could understand how I, like, I was excited that Trump was running.


'cause he was a, I was like, if that fucking dude can win, then anybody could, could win. Yeah. The way Obama gave black people hope. Yeah. He gives, Trump gives regular people hope. Oh dude, I, the first time that he won, I remember dropping down the street and I've never even been a big Trumper. I've never endorsed Trump. I, I don't even think I voted for him the first time. I don't remember if I voted for him the first time, but I was like, fucking anybody can win. Yeah. And like, if you're born with a billion dollars, like Yeah, but you also say stupid and I'm stupid. Yeah. So that's the part I'll relate to, Right? Yeah. You're like, anybody could win. That's the part that was fascinating about it. But I remember how I was scared was like, oh. Oh, when? No, when they had that Richmond neo-Nazi, that Nazi thing in Richmond.


Remember years ago. Oh Yeah. What was that? It was like those guys that bought those cheeky torches or whatever. Yeah. No, it wasn't Richmond. Charlottesville. Charlottesville. Charlottesville. Yeah. And I was like, there was a statue. You know who the statue was there? No one does. Nobody knows who the fucking statue was. And it was a flashpoint of everything. Was it Stephen Douglas? Remember the city symbols of the city's confederate past? They don't even, they don't even know who it is. They're all protests. They don't even where what? The fucking statue is Totally normal. Oh, it's Robert Lee and Stonewall Jackson. Two of Them. Now. That's New Orleans, isn't it? That's Charlottesville. Yeah, that's Charlottesville. Oh yeah. I Had Hadda school nearby me called Robert Lee. Junior, junior High School.


I wonder if it's still called, that Probably changed. It Probably Changed it. The racing history to Bobby Lee. Yeah. That Bobby Lee College of Dropouts. Dude. How does Bobby Lee not have an elementary school named after him? You gotta, you still look kind of like you're in one. You could go undercover. Bob just shave that stupid stash. You could go undercover. You look young. Oh yeah. With just insane teriyaki lunches every day. Yeah. Just these giant meals we go to eat with Bobby. He just like fills up the table and you're like, oh, is this for us? He goes, oh no, you can order two. He Bobby's like Ralphie May. He's a principal. He shows up once a year over Zoom. You know what I saw the other day? Oh, I was talking to my, I was talking to this kid and he didn't know what AIDS was, dude.


What? Yeah. He Doesn't know what AIDS is. I was like, kid, I was like, You was trying to educate him on it. I was like, I don't think I'm allowed to tell you. But I was Like, dude, what about aids? And he's like, aids. And I was like, aids. You know The one of the top three things? Yeah. I mean, dude, it's like, but what is it like if kids don't even know about aids Man? Like, it's gone was like, but that's crazy. You gotta talk to gays, bro. But I talked to Mateo because you can't get it. We got a force field now. Oh, they do prep. Oh, prep drugs. Yeah, prep. So it's like, it's like they just can't get it. So it's back to eighties. Let's fuck. Let's be gay. The way gay was meant to be. Yeah.


Let's fuck in the back of the church. Let's fuck ev anywhere. Gays are, They'll fuck anywhere. Huh? They just go for it. That's crazy, isn't it? Imagine just, And the guy trying to jerk me off on the back of a bus in Vietnam. You did? Yeah. And, and the guy was gay. I, I don't fucking know what their, I don't know some what their culture is. That's a big sign. Usually, Dude, they're starving over there. They could have been ordering. So dude, any joke, get ins in soup. Jewish people love it for some reason.


I'm Like, Oh yeah, I'm listening. It's a little cold. I'll eat half and send it back. But I like that joke. I'll eat half that joke and send it back. Well, hold on. Almost done. Yeah. There's a hair in air. It's the biggest problem with Jews going bald. They can't send suit back. Sorry, Howie. You're right. That's hilarious, dude. That's fucking hilarious. What are we talking about? Jesus Christ. This what the president said. Oh, The aids. The Aids. Yeah. I miss it. It was like a real thing that United People, United Nation aids.


Well, I remember, yeah, there were like at a school or whatever, they made us do like a round of applause for HIV or whatever it was. It was like something like some, some thing they had at our school. It was like clap for aids or whatever. I was like, Clap for It people. You would clap. It was like somebody would clap as long as they could to raise money for aids. Like one of those things. Like, do it as long as you can. Like a AIDS hon or whatever. Okay. And it was like, I just remember being in this gym and people just, it was like somebody Had Hadda keep clapping. So you Had Hadda tag in somebody else to clap. And then if you got to a certain number of hours, then you raise a certain amount of money. Wow. Turns out they never got the cure. They just got a pretty much a backseat. You did it. Aids Aids.


Dude, that's not funny. But when you're here, everything's funny, dude. Oh, what is this right there? Oh, an unfortunate product. Name. A YDS Aids. I was overweight, looked terrible. Help Me lose 46 pounds. The AIDS diet plan help me lose 28 pounds. AIDS helps control your appetite so you lose weight yet AIDS lets you taste, chew and enjoy. And the appetite suppressant in AIDS is not a stimulant. AIDS helped me to lose 18 pounds and it doesn't contain anything to make me nervous. Question. Why take diet pills when you can enjoy aids? AIDS helps you lose weight without making me Consider, it's Crazy to determine enjoy aids and people were like, where did AIDS start?


Fucking That make us of that Reform. That's Wild. I mean that that's What's that new drug that makes you lose weight? Oh, ozempic. Ozempic. That's that. They just rebranded aids Zema did it. They went to truly Trulia and White Claw. They were smart. Oh, They did? Huh? I forgot. Zema was just an early White claw. Zema gives me, what happened there gives me hope for society. Because you're within a 10, 15 year age of me. You remember Zema? Oh yeah. And it was like, it's like there's a cooler stuff and you reach for Zema. People are like, sure, you wanna do that in front of people? Yeah. Gonna be called Gay for a long time and you're like, okay, I won't. We went away and then truly a white club. Whichever the force came back and know we all kinda made a deal like, let's not call each other gay.


Let's just drink this. Yeah. And we all were cool about it And just, fuck yeah. Yeah. It's, If nobody calls the other person Gay, we can enjoy this. We Can do this. Don't be the first one to take that shot in the revolution. Dude, ZEMA was kind of, Zima was one of a kind because it had the bottles and it kind of, it was a malt liquor. You, you kind of Had Hadda, it Had Hadda malt liquor idea to it, but it was, was it lemon flavored citrus? Yep. Oh wow. Yeah. A touch of citrus. Look at the Jolly Ranchers nearby it. Yeah. Put a Jolly Ranch in. Is it out? Can you still buy Zema? Is the IP still available? You can't find Zema anywhere else though. It is sold in Japan. I'm going Japan.


Are you? I mean now Zema. It's a weird reason to go. I got a lot of unique stuff over there. Yeah. Oh, what I see the other day in China, there was a, did you see this Jackson Hole? This city in China that they built? Jackson Hole. They bit too, when I was there, they just built a city. Really? Suho wanted to build the district. So they're just like, do it. No, no bureaucracy. Make it happen. Just built it. It was up in six months, 20 skyscrapers. No waiting, no codes. Look at this place this guy built. I visited China's $170 million Little America replica town. It's a town of Jackson Hole.


Wow. That's just a, that's the burbs. Yeah. So it made of Jackson a, it just looks like America. This guy went to visit it. That's George from the sleep in And everything in it is Wyoming. Yeah. What, who, who does this? How can you do this? That's why they built a few of these. How big is that town? Who's, who's building it? China. Who? Who's What Do you just to, just to bring new people in. Old churches. I think Rich people. It looks like. Yeah. What is it? Can you get me some information on it? So You can live in China, but be in America. Yeah. So like that Be in America. Property of Texas.


Jackson, old China is a resort town on the border between Hua, Huai County, Jang, gca, wedge between t Ty, Hong and y. Mountain Ranges in architecture is designed by the town. Jackson, Wyoming. Can, can, is it skiing there? Mm. Damn. I don't know. Let us see some of that information. Cowboy Bar, The thousand single home development used stock Western home plants from an architect in Oregon. Adding designs, reminiscent ability of the kid, Geronimo stage, coast station, big bear, et cetera. Cow hide, antler chandeliers, saddle blankets, all this Stuff. Wagon wheels, Navajo rugs, iron light fixtures, wildlife scene, fireplace screens.


This is a whole place that's there. The project was completed in 2009. Lou Yang Young, the developer, young of the community said his selling point was more than architecture. His buyers wanted freedom and spirituality. So he built a Christian Church in the center of the community for residents. According to Smith, the properties have sold out and nearly tripled in value since being built as the first model was put up in Beijing Park for display. P people apparently went nuts for it. Yeah. I should have invested in Chinese. Chinese real estate. I know. Damn. I invested in Palisades. Wow. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Replica town. That's like Saudi shit. Just interesting. And they, they have a few of them.


I think there's China Made to be like Venice. The canals. Yep. S of Paris, London and Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Just interesting. What Wait, wait, wait up right there. Hold on. That's in China. Yeah. They have an Eiffel Tower in China. Oh Yeah. They do it all because they're like, we have so much land, we have so many expendable souls that we can use to do construction. Yeah. Why not just build it here that we don't have to go somewhere? Dude, I have a map in my studio for my travel podcast. And it's in China. You see all the, the cities on the, on the right side of it. And then as it goes left, there's just nothing. There's a occasional dot of a city and I'm like, what's all of this? Yeah. And I, I think I should have looked it up by now, but What's out there?


Yeah. Like what the fuck? Yeah. I think they're Just, what's in central China? That's A good question. There's just no Reports from there. Is that where they're keeping all the people who talk back? What's in central China? I saw some Korean people. Yesterday's Is they teach people to butt on the subway before you get a chance to get off. Is that what they do? Yeah, they do. They don't understand though. Like, we get off first then you get on. Oh, they get off first. They just get on. They just push on elevators too. Like, let me get out first. Oh, They say it's up to you. Yeah. It's like you didn't go for it. What else is cracking man? It's cracking in the world. Yeah. What do you think of everything? What makes you hopeful? Well, I Get it's time of negativity. What makes you hopeful do You think? Fi things are feeling negative right now.


It, it Seems like they're pushing you to be negative, but I don't think you have to be. Yeah. So if you center on something, it's like, well I like this new Austin scene's pretty cool. We never Had Hadda a third real scene in. That's a good point. Yeah. That's nice. And At first I didn't think, I was like, oh, we'll never really be able to compete. But as I've gone back, I feel like me. It is. I don't think it has to compete. That's the problem too. You get into that where it's like, I come to la, I spent a little time hating it the way I hated religion for a while when I left and now I'm like in school and I go back to LA I'm like, Oh yeah, I'm gonna get some burritos and see some friends. It's great. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a great new extra thing, you know? Yeah. It's like, it's not like, which one's better? It's like, well, we don't have to live there. Yeah. He's always like, you gotta move here. Yeah.


Chill. Right. But it is cool Though. The bars are cool. The honky talks away from where he built. That club is still cool. Yeah. Sixth Street is a violent atmosphere of people vomiting on one another. It Always was. And then they put horses. Just, there's a horse comes by every 40 minutes into shit's Everywhere. Just shit's like, let's add this to the mix. Let's add it. Let's up it now. You know, all this violence and like people are ready to go and barf and puke and like, and drunkenness. Let's add horse shit and then sit back and watch from a safe distance. A top of stallion. Yeah. There's just occasionally people, there's just horses shiting out there and one of the horses they said was an undercover cop.


I'm like, Who gives a fuck? I'm like, who's gonna let a horse bust him? Who goes up to a horse like, just wanna smoke with me? Oh fuck. He's Like, you're under fist. Look at this chick. Look at don't move. Mmm. What The fuck are you wearing lady? God Have some class When the skirt's so short I can smell your thoughts. You know, I remember going there before it got like kind of methy and I saw some, it's ut guys walking along just, you know, it's like who we used to hang with tangentially. Just like tough frat guys. And they pass some chick overweight chick and she goes, they're drunk.


And she goes, you're fat. And I was like, Ugh, Dude. Ugh. That's how it always was. That's sixth Street all. No one in Austin goes to sixth Street. Yeah. Once a year for a Lark. Nobody real goes there. Yeah. Nobody who wants to go do something fun. At least Broadway in Nashville. Yeah. Is based on something. It's based on the old honky tonk area. Right. There's only one or two left, but it's based on something. So it comes from a place sixth Street in Austin. It's just, it's based on nothing. Yeah. It's got a darkness to it. Yeah. It definitely seems, it seems kind of spooky out there. It seems like people that are just there to get drunk, it kind of has more of a bourbon street kind of vibe to me. Oh yeah, maybe.


Yeah. And also you're in this like beautiful place at Rogan's Club and you're like, ah. It's like a casino. No lights, no anything. So you're like, I'm, I'll see you guys later. Yeah. What? And then a rickshaw comes by. Yeah. Guys like, you guys want to get in, it's only $50 for some aids. And you're like, whoa, whoa. We just want to go two blocks. He'll be like, I'll get you aids by then. I'll Get you for sure. You can pass aids for you out here. What's this from? That's a, that's an Aztec death whistle. The coroner we had on Toby gave it to us. If it's, if you blow it, fool. It's sounds like a woman's screaming for death. Does it? Just a warning. Wow.


It sure does. I've heard a few of those in real life. Keep screaming. No one's here. Yeah. I was with Gabby Petito and Brian Laund when it happened. Really? But I didn't eliminate dumb fingerprints like Brian did. Oh, that's what she sounded. Oh, The Darkness. Gabby rest in peace. The darkness continues. Do you think there will ever be, I believe there will be a time when people will live forever and people will not. And I believe that kids right now that are 15 and under, they're gonna live forever. Forever. Like, They'll have a chance to live forever. Ooh. Like they might get the the drug. Yeah. But there's gonna be this weird thing where there's gonna be like, Hey, can I get it?


Like, nah, you're, you're too old. Yeah. So like, am I just gonna age out? Like, yeah, it's been nice knowing you. I'll keep in touch with you for a few years, but then you're gonna get old. Yeah. But they're gonna be like, oh, you're gonna die. But you're people are gonna be like, dude, your dad died. What a fucking Loser. Was he poor? Yeah. Yeah. Oh man, you guys must have been so poor. Your dad died of natural causes. That's so retro. Oh God. He was a real, Here's my impress of your dad. Fucking loser. You should have worked harder, bruh. Yeah. Look at Timmy's dad. That's, but that's what's gonna happen. I think there's gonna be a cutoff and the government will probably say, this is the cutoff.


There will be some bad drugs that will come out of people trying to like get the actual drug. Yeah. Some knockoffs or It'll be a chip or something that you get and then slow Down all aging in your, at the cellular level I'm in. Let's do it. But then there's gonna be so many people who are not and there's gonna be less jobs probably. So it's gonna be, it's it's gonna turn very dystopian if You take it. If they had it right now, it's been tested, it's safe. Would you, here are the options. Take it right now. Wait a few years and decide and see how it shakes out or not take it. So you have to pick really? I, I give you one week to decide. Yeah. And or what, well this won't be for you as much, but for me it may be for you too. It's like you can either take this live forever drug or perfectly workable hair transplants.


Full head of hair back to Mohawk. Back to what? Everything I always wanted. Why might go with the hair. So hair now or live forever. Yeah. Because then I gotta live forever with, with that. I, I think bold's cool now Balder I'm in. Spread it. You've got influence spread that a lot people, A lot of people are being bald and loving it now. Really? There's bald women. I saw a bunch of bald Fat people who love it too. Really? Yeah. And we know what, we know their line in themselves. Is that a bigger thing? Being bald? Yeah. Big and beautiful or Big and bald. There's like, it is like bald and tall. Is that a shop? Bald and tall? Big and big and tall. Big and tall.


Dude. Bald. Bald and tall, bro. Bald and tall is a crazy look dude. Dude. Burn yourself in the sun too much Bald and tall is a crazy look. Yeah. Yeah. Kanye's back on Twitter right there. It says God Hollywood sucks. Jada Pinkett Smith. Kanye is the most out of control person. I know. What, What's the point of that post? Yeah. Why did she start that? Yeah. Why? Why are you looking to be in this? 'cause you're not at center of attention for a second. And then he went right back at a Rapunzel. Rapunzel let down your hair. Her hair. He hit her where it hurt. Yeah. Nice. Damn. Nice. Nice. That's kind of bad. Good wordplay. Yeah. It was all right. But I heard it just enough. Thank you. That it was like something. Well That's a little thing. You got nothing and deserves something.


Thank you. So There's something, this Is very sweet of you. Little things that keep us alive. Yeah. What do you think about Kanye being back on Twitter? Oh, you try to use your song, right? For his, for the intro to your Yeah. New Special. Yeah. I've had this whole big piece about how great he is. That's another thing. Focus on the positive. That's the whole message. It's like, and then like everyone's like, Kanye's crazy and I'm like, he rules the music. Yeah. Just the music. What, what is she writing about? Anything other than music. Right. To come at Kanye. It's like, yeah. If you're going, if you're trying to get other stuff out of him, he, he probably shouldn't be your liaison to like anything except maybe creativity and music. Yeah, Exactly. It's like gonna Brooke s for weight loss tips. Yeah.


It's, Or coming to Comedians for Political Ideas. Oh Yeah. That's another one. I heard song from this about the fires. What the They're not firemen. What the fuck? They're just, they're just like at a bar talking. Yeah. That's, it's crazy. I know you go to Kanye for anything other than music, you're nuts. Because he is not just Okay at the music part. He's great at it. Yeah. So I try to get one of his songs, black Skinhead for my, for my credits. I was going up to it the whole tour. 'cause I was talking about Kanye a lot and Christine Oakerson Big J's check was like, Hey, I know he is like popping off like whatever. Have you heard Black Skinhead? And I was like, no. And I was like, I was like, oh my God, his antisense has got me into this song. And I played it the whole fucking tour. And I was like, lemme try to get this for the credits.


And I wrote them. I was like, listen, I can't afford it. Right? So I'm like, Hey, I'm appealing to them creatively. And I was like, Hey, I had this whole big piece of how Kanye's really great and how people have lost focus on what's important. And I wanna like close with a song with black skin. It was one of his most killer songs, and I think kind of an underrated song to be honest. And they go, I hope you're not referring to him as Kanye. He goes by yay now. And it's like, yeah, fuck. I'm never gonna be able to, his whole staff is crazy too. It's like, yeah, just the fact that that was their first reply. You're like, I was like, oh, I got no chance. Yeah. I have no chance. Yeah. I wonder what his mind is like. Well, I mean, a lot of his, His mom died. Give him some sympathy.


Yeah. What his girlfriend is, his wife is beautiful. Is Is that a Photoshop what She wears like a lot of skin tight suits. That lady Skin tight, but like make it a color. Bianca SI believe is her name, possibly Italian. I'm not sure. She's like unveiling herself. She's a piece of art to him. Might be. I mean, why wear that heavy a coat if you wear that little underneath? I don't know, dude. Wear a sweatshirt and a lighter coat. God, I gotta get out more Jugs. Yo. A moonshine in that. My God, dude. Some babies like, Oh my God, I would slurp if I were her kid. So he just keeps fucking chicks that look like Kim.


I guess. That's a good question. I mean, you gotta type. I know guys are only the Asian chicks. I can't say slurp. That's his wife, isn't it? That was pretty rude. Is it his wife? Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. God. Try it again, but use a different word other than slurp. I would, she's a beautiful lady. Obviously she's into showing her body off though. She's got some really, like if I were a baby, it's rude To not show it off. Right. That's a good point. If I were a baby dude, I would, I would not. I would just pretend like it was morning all the time. Just like breakfast. Yeah.


God, that's gotta be fun when you are a baby, huh? God, it really does. Underrated party right? Being a baby. Yeah. Yeah. If you're a baby and you put him down, if you put the baby down between and it's a breastfeeding baby between that chick and like, I don't even know who Karen Feehan. Who do you think that chick is? That baby's gonna go right for that fucking chick. Big fucking lot of food. Oh yeah. Makes sense. Did you, you think you'll have any children? Or what Do you think? No, I Had Hadda vasectomy. You did? Yeah. No way. Yeah, I was taking chances. You Were taking too many chances You Were actually trying to have a child. No. What Is that? What you Oh what? Sorry, what are you saying then? No, I Was just pulling out late. Oh, you were? Yeah. I don't understand how people do that.


Like how do you, I know a lot of black guys like to just do do the nut or Whatever. Yeah. I mean, the nut is great. I know why they want it. Yeah. The nut's great. Yeah. But it's also great. Outside of it, It's less great, Is It? What do you mean? Is it I've Done it. Yes, you Have. I've never ejaculated inside of a woman In my life. Theo, then you haven't lived. Really? What is all this is a facade buddy. Just get what you need to get. None of this is real. We never said we had done it. No, but I mean this all this is like a fucking, you're just like buying time so you can get a cream put. This is all just because you've never cream p Really? You got a nut inside buddy.


Dude. What do you mean he's never done it? What do you mean you've never creamed pie inside of a woman I've never had in my life. Swear to God. You fucked though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So What? Oh yeah. Why, Why? But every time I do, I do the What if she's like, I'm on the pill. Oh, that's, I don't, I don't, I barely know her, so I'm not believ Mad at you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, you know how many chicks I fucked? This said they couldn't get pregnant. That I later found out got pregnant from somebody. Really? And I was like, wait, you said I, I was blowing loads in you and like, oh, I thought I couldn't Based on what? Oh, You were there. Just like I can, like one of the Ghostbusters just throwing ectoplasm in there, preparing the walls. Man, I was a salad for some other guy's.


Steak. Yeah. I've never done that in my life, man. But Well, let me recommend something to you. I'm gonna end up being a father. People are always getting, I, I don't wanna be in a lawsuit or something. Find Some old chick, find some postmenopausal object. Get, get to me more. I wanna get a re I wanna get a regular wife that likes to, the Last of the Golden Girls died. It's too late for that, but, Oh yeah. Estelle Getty? No. Maybe Estelle Getty Museum. What was her name? Not sure It was the last white Betty. Betty White? No, Estelle Getty was So, she was, She was the old when that started, Right? She was the Looker. Ru McClanahan was the one that everybody my dad kind of had hots for, But the youngest of the slutty one. Yeah. Blanche Devereux.


God, what a great series. Hot Take Golden Girls is just sex in the city. Hmm. They're both written by gay men about gay culture. And this one, they made old women play it. And the other one they made fucking horse face chicks play it. Hmm. Do you think they will cure? Do you think that being gay will be something that will be eternal or one day that that will be hacked or something That we can cure it Or that will be hacked, you know, that they'll be able to hack the genetics. So if, If you were a scientist working on the Cure for, for gay and you were like halfway there, you lost a lot of funding recently. Oh, that's probably true. Yeah. They're probably like, we're not paying, we don't want it anymore.


You don't think There's a small segment of the population? We're like, we gotta cure this. Everyone else is just like, who cares? Oh, I think most people are like, who cares? But I, I just mean not, maybe cure is not the right word. Right. Do you think that they would, do you think that they'll ever A vaccine Vaccine? Yeah. So you won't ever get it in the first place, right? Yeah. Kid when he is two, didn't they say vaccines made kids gay? Wouldn't that a rumor for a while? I don't know. We're gonna find out soon if Bobby Kennedy gets in there. Yeah. It's so wild. Say no gay kids after a while. Like, I ended vaccines. Who knows? So all the stuff he says, people are like, that's ridiculous. I'm like, really? I don't even know what the words he is using. Yeah. He seems he's smarter than me. I don't know. Shit. I didn't know the Earth is round the latest. I'm just guessing.


The latest viral COVID-19 conspiracy theory boost to by a Q Anon falsely claims vaccines turn children gay or trans. Wow. I didn't know that. And that's a false allegation that 19. Yeah. I mean that's, A lot of kids, I will say seem very gay though. Do you notice that? Like if you talk to like A, they're post gender, is it? Yeah. They don't care. The the idea the man can wear a dress. Like you cross dressing. They're like, what? When I grew up you couldn't wear pink as a dude. Yeah. You'd be ostracized. Now. You like there's no, there's no gay color. That's where past that. So those kids are past that shit. They're wearing top hats and skirts. It doesn't matter. It Just doesn't matter. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, we see them as gay, but they're like, oh dude, we're not even using those terms.


Yeah. You're from a different universe. That's why you go to Bushwick or something and you're like, oh, this is the cutting edge kids. There was, I've heard rumors that a lot of Haitians moved over there in there to the parks and stuff when we're selling sex and stuff like that. Have you seen any of that over there? Hookers and Bushwick? Yeah. And the parks over there Selling their bodies. Yeah. They were selling sex and oral sex over there. I mean, Haitian, that's not who you'd want. I mean, who you want is you want, I, I guess it's the pr, I dunno what the pace of the rate is. So it's just a bunch of dark black, very thin hookers. I'll check it out. I haven't heard anything about that. Yeah. One of my friends was told me there's a lot of hook hooking going on over there in some of the parts.


Haitian Hooking. I think they said Haitian. I'm would've to ask him. You Know what there is though, for real? For real. What? Casual Hooking. Really like chicks who do it like three times a year. Housewives regular chicks. Or like for a little extra cash. I hook like, what do you mean? I mean like, oh, your friend seems cute. And it's like, Hey, my friend's cute. She likes you. Would you be into it for like a couple hundred bucks? You'd be like, oh no. In New York? Yeah. Huh. Regular chicks just occasionally like, yeah, I'll fuck for money. The guy seems cool. They're not gonna like on the street taking all callers. Right. But like, occasionally for extra cash instead of driving Uber. Do They tell the husband? I Don't think so. Hmm. Possibly. I don't know everybody's situation.


Would you? Is there's a thing where people let, I think the Obamas are still together for real. That's a great question. You think the Clintons are No. No. Right. So it's a possibility that there're not, that there are such things as sham marriages. Yeah, for sure. I wonder She didn't show up to the Carter inaugurate the funeral. She didn't show up to the inauguration. I could see like, Hey, I never wanted to be in the public's eye like this. Yeah. I just wanted a Ball. Yeah. I wanted to dump pound these bitches. Yeah. That's It. Yeah. That could be it. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I wonder, it's a good question. That whole inauguration thing was just such a game. I had total You went, yeah. I had total Game of Thrones energy over there. What did you, because that's not you. Oh, not at all. So you're going there the way I go to Comic-Con?


Yeah. I'll just stare at everybody. That's Ridiculous. I don't know what's Spider-Man. Oh. I was like, I should not be here. You should not be there. That's How I felt. At least you're not doing the endorsing thing. Yeah. That a lot of comics are doing. I thought we were supposed to just make fun of everyone in power. Do You feel like it was weird that people were endorsing Endorsing what? Who's endorsing? Yeah. What the fuck are you talking about? You have a a literal sports team. You root for you don't endorse Tottenham. Yeah. Like, it was so wild. But all right. He's in power now, so let's see everybody go after him. Well, I think a lot of people were Endorsing Just make fun of all of 'em. Yeah. It, it, it, it, it seemed weird.


Well, I think the biggest thing that seemed like has been on the table for me is just the free speech stuff. You start to worry about like, a lot of these social media companies limiting speech. Limiting what's Possible. It affects me for sure. Yeah, for sure. So if somebody's like, Hey, I wanna do this, I'm like, great. I love it. You know? I also loved when Trump gave us all 600 bucks during the pandemic. Got everybody really party in New York. Love that. Do You worry about? Yeah. But, but I'm Not gonna get involved in getting it there. But then some of these guys have a lot of influence, to be honest. But also they're like, how can you have this guy on your podcast? I'm like, well, I'll have everybody on. Hey Tucker Carlson on my podcast, the travel one. We just talk about travel. People are like, why didn't you call him on his shit? I'm like, was he lying about the UAE? That's all I care about. Right. The travel part.


I don't wanna get involved in this, but, So I get that part of it. Like, somebody seems interesting. A former president. I'll have him on a podcast. Oh, in a heartbeat. Yeah. People gave me grief for going to the Inauguration. Inauguration. I was like, dude, you don't think I'm, but If you got invited to the, to the, I don't know, Bush inauguration or the Obama or the Reagan one, you would've gone. Yeah, I would've gone. He was Like, oh, I'm not political. I got invited to the presidential Inauguration. Yeah. It's like, how am I not gonna go to inauguration? I have no idea. What if it's not even real? And there's video, they're just, it's, it's a moon landing. Who knows? You know? So I went and at least saw like, okay, so what was every Right, What was every Right doing? Did it feel like powerful? Did it feel like these guys are deciding fates? Or was it just like the Oscars were, they're all like glad handing each other and celebrating success.


I guess I didn't get to be there long enough. Was there food? There was the at the ball. The food was gone. No, it was not good. That fucking broke my Heart. What do you mean? Tony was there? He is like, we did it. And I'm like, the food isn't good, Tony. No, we didn't. We still have room. What do you mean the food wasn't good? This wasn't that good. And then it only like 30 chairs in this whole ballroom. And there was probably 1500 people in there. 30 chairs. That's like my house. I have four chairs and I have eight people over. And it's like, we're sitting on, we're sitting on Amazon boxes. So that was the hectic, that was the most hectic part. But yeah, just to be there, to be in Washington DC to see that happen. For sure. I was like, fuck you. I'm going. I would never be weird.


I would never think it was weird if anybody went, is that you there? No. But pull those people back up. So this was the part that was fascinating to me. These were, this was, these Are the guys deciding our fates. Who's the brown in the middle? This is the Archie right here. Sunder. Phai from Google. So he owns Google. So these guys all decide how we think about the world. These 1, 2, 3. One guy, the chick I'm assuming is Knob. His girlfriend. The other one. Yeah. It was Zuckerberg. Yeah. Zuckerberg's most evil of all of them, You think? Yeah. Because at first I think he was like cigarettes where they didn't know what they were doing. And then when they found out, so there's no problem, they're just giving cigarettes. They didn't know what cause cancer. Then they found out it cause cancer and they go hide that shit.


Right. Zuckerberg at first was like, I don't know, I just, I'm too autistic to have interactions, So I wanna see a world where we don't have to meet eye to eye. And now he goes, that's true. Yeah. He, he made us live like autistic people. But then he found out that we're all fucking turning on each other and cutting off our uncles. And he goes, yeah, keep pushing it. I think he should be up. Wow. I think it should at least be taking his company taken away from him. And, and it should be shut down. Facebook and Instagram should be shut down. Push the button. Well it's like, It's not making our society better. Well, I agree with that, but say, I'll say that type of thing. People will be like, well, a government can't decide what can, what can and can't make their society better. Right? I think they can. I think that it might be abuse, but at some point it's like, this is too much bad.


Right. Well, I feel the same way about porn. About porn channels, you know? Yeah. Or like, let's have some oversight. Oh yeah. Porn too. It's like, it's nonstop. Like you can't like push porn to kids. Right. They Had Hadda stop making THC gummies that are in the shape of clowns. 'cause they're like, Hey, we're not actually giving these to five year olds. And you're kind of marketing 'em to five year olds. Yeah. They Had Hadda Stop putting Steve Simone was eating all of them too, I think. Yeah. This is a Steve Simone joke. Love you buddy. They Had Hadda. Yeah. There he goes. Look, he's always smiling. I know. Huh? Where Are the bodies? Yeah, he's our gacy. He's our John Wayne Gacy. Wow. On the surface. That's insane to Say. I know. Alright Man, I yucky. He's the sweetest guys.


He is.


Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home and unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home Yes. Cool. Or attending one live go. You can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary not in endorsement of the restrictions apply.


Even if you think it's a bit over-hyped. AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming fast. But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs? Spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thompson routers and Suno ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimal financial commitment, offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash THEO. That's Oracle


dot com slash theo.


Life in general can be chaotic, but if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that that sits own special kind of chaos. But with ShipStation, you can count on your day to day remaining calm, save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all global carriers. One thing I love about ShipStation is how its automations allow me to smoothly print shipping labels at the click of a button you'll never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to ShipStation dot com and use code Theo to sign up for your free trial. That's ShipStation dot com code Theo.


Yeah, I think it's like really bad. And that you're doing, you can't just put in like additives into fucking baby baby formula. But why do we keep doing, why do we keep building stuff that's bad for and like, but if people say, well, if your government says you can't, then that's like a co it's a form of communism, right? Like your government says you can't have this and you can't have it. 'cause we shouldn't have. I mean we just Had Hadda woman on, we're talking about PornHub and extremely high percentage of their content was totally unregulated. So they had rapes on there. They had unconsensual sex, they had sex with minors, they had sex with babies on there, on PornHub on the website. But their whole goal was just to have as much content as they could have because then they sell more advertising dollars. Because like, we have this many URLs, we have this many links that people can go to.


So they were selling in bulk, but they they didn't have anybody or they had very few people moderating any of the content that came through. Yeah. So we Have some laws, right? You can't blast music at at parks, right? 'cause like, oh, there's kind of infringing on other people's like rights sort of here, you know, there's privacy. It's quiet. So there's some regulation. I don't understand all this. I dunno what the line is from socialism or not. I don't get any of that. It's not my, it's not my thing. I just know like, this is really hurting us as a society and nobody's doing anything about it. You can't sell guns on a street corner just to anybody. Right? And it's like, well if we, if it was bad for you, you wouldn't do it. Like, nah. Well you need someone to step in and be like, that's not as a society. Like that's not allowed. You're making us hate our brothers and friends and shit.


Yeah. See the world as a terrible place. We didn't sign up for that. I don't, I don't like it. Twitter does that a lot. I noticed Twitter definitely can be a place where you can really get trapped in there. Do you notice that Nick? You think? Yeah. Wake up in the morning and just piss myself off by reading All the Times. Yeah. And start angry. It's not a good way to start. Right? You've been to the beach when you start like pleasant, you know, it's a better feeling when you're at the beach. Then you're on Twitter showing you what's to be mad about. Yeah. Ooh. There was a guy who used to work in Google to see which of the things Had Hadda go to the dark web and which were allowed. So his whole day was spent looking at snuff films and fucking car crashes and, and like child endangerment, stuff like that. Every one of those guys Had Hadda go to therapy for the rest of their lives.


Yeah. 'cause you're not supposed to see that stuff. And we're seeing like versions of that. Ugh. I hate it. I hate it. God, let's, let's draw on quarter Mark Zuckerberg. I don't, I mean, So I, I, I, I mean, I don't think we should do that. I don't know what we should do. Let's Luigi him. But Is it just him though? Like It's must do. It's anybody who now knows what you're doing to society and you're not doing anything about it, you actually have the power to stop it and you're not doing it right. So like, fuck off. Well that's the same thing that I noticed with this woman talking about with porn up. It was like they would bring up these cases. There were cases of people who had been raped and their footage uploaded. Right. Oh My god. Oh, and you can't just go What? It's an open source thing. Like, no, no. You're facilitating it. Right, right. That's the thing.


People were like, well we, and they, at one point she said they only had one moderator who would spin and something Had Hadda be flagged like 15 times before. Before it even comes into, Before it even comes into the moderation, you Fucked Over. And the moderation queue would be like hundreds of thousands of videos long that they have to sit there. And then this just one person deciding. Yeah. Adult. Not adult. Consensual. Not consensual. The Problems you start with like, they need to have some oversight. They're gonna go too far. Yeah. And they're gonna make like, well this joke they had about who's on top, we can't have that. That's not our society wants that. You're like, that's too far. And I don't know what it is. You can't trust the government to regulate. I, I don't know what the answer is, but right now it ain't working. Well and then you wonder, or is, is Soci, is Human Society supposed to have this success story?


Or is it a unsuccessful experiment? Or is it just It is. It's like pharmaceuticals Had Hadda be regulated. You can't just give everyone side effects. You have to like, you have to show, show your side effects and it barely is. Right. But you have to show your side effects. You have to go At the end. Yeah. Yeah. You have to at least do something. But then it's like, I think when people have lost total faith that, that their country's gonna do a lot for, they're Not gonna do shit. They're not gonna do shit. Right. They're just gonna let it go. You go to another country, you eat like garbage for for a week and then you lose seven pounds and you're like, how's this? Oh, there's not that many chemicals in other countries and shit. Right. But I think like, I mean we talk about it a lot in here, like with the Sackler family, the company that made all the drugs and they, Oh god damn.


And they're still still alive and they're still pushing it to people. You should do Oxy. You should get on Oxy for pain. And my dad Had Hadda get on something like, don't take that, take ibuprofen. Don't take, you can't. If you get cooked on it, you can't kick it. Yeah. They're still selling Oxycontin. Oh Yeah. They're still put Zocdoc still pushing it. They're incentivized too financially. How, who's even making money off? Is it just to go back to pay for like to for victims. Yeah. They, oh they, they're not paying those bills, those fines. They're not paying those. Really? Yeah. Same thing with pg and e. All the forest fires, half of them are caused by pg and e not doing the safety measures. Look at how many forest fires in California are started by the utilities. Hold on, Let's get this really quick.


Sorry. Yeah. Purdue Pharma Sackler families boost contribution and opioid settlement to 7.4 billion. The company and the once prominent family behind the drug Oxycontin agreed Thursday to increase their financial contribution to resolve mass opioid litigation. The SACK and PD pharma boosted their settlement contribution to 7.4 billion if approved. The new plan would end the costliest corporate bankruptcy resulting from the US opioid crisis. So they Had Hadda be 7.4 billion over the next 15 years. How much did they make a year? Yeah. Go back. This is the same thing as like scroll. Scroll. Under the new settlement, the terms of Sacklers, control of Purdue Pharma ends the 7.4 billion. Oh. That's to give up the company. We'll Go directly to communities across the US including states, counties, cities, and territories over the next 15 years.


Well that's good. That's good. But Even this headline is like, oh, they decided to boost their contribution to the lawsuit. Yeah. Even though they killed hundreds of thousands of people. Yeah. The all the Gulf. All the Gulf like oil spills, they paid this big fine, it was still less money than it would've been to do the safety measures. Right. So they're like, it seems like a big number, but not compared to what they're making, you know? Mm. There was a time when if I got a parking ticket it would break me. Oh yeah. And now I've seen like rich people are like, I'll park here. It's like a luga park. It's like I'll just, it's fine. I'll just park here. Yeah. It's fine. If somebody takes a car, I'll just buy a new car. You're like, yeah. Chris Rock used to, instead of pulling into the lot, would just park in front and they're like, they might give you a ticket. He goes, I don't care. Yeah. It's $80 and I'm a millionaire.


He doesn't care. Dang it. It's not gonna, it's not gonna deincentivize him. Yeah. I mean just, Oh, look at this. So this is a wildfires caused by power lines. Okay. So why are we looking at this? Can't Fi. So I'm saying like they're, they're supposed to worry about safety measures. They don't. I see. We find 'em. I see. They don't pay the fines. Look at all those fires caused by that. Mm. And then they just don't do anything because they know what are you gonna do? Not use us. You could all be like in the dark for your fucking years. Yeah. What do you use a candle? Hundreds of forest fires. Maybe thousands by pg and e and they won't do shit. So that's, the government's not doing shit. It's like why even pay attention even. Yeah. What are you gonna be, you're just gonna use Yankee candles all day.


Fucking dude. Some of the candle smells have gotten crazy. It's really upping it. That's what makes you hopeful. Yeah. The candle game is it's it's bar none. There's shapes and everything. Yeah. I saw a candle dick in Washington Square Park. Really? And they lit it Up. Yeah, no you can. Oh. But yeah, I dunno what the smell is. I never lit it up. I have one though. In my house. I'm good. Yeah. They have some video of a guy trying to smoke his own dick or whatever he is laying on his back, pulled his nut, like, brought his legs over his head, tried to put his penis in his mouth and tried to light his nuts. Like he was like in a bowl of weed. How'd he do? Huh? How'd he do the video? Cuts off early, but just unreal behavior. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's one vote for Trump right there.


Did You get to say anything to him? Like, you should take care of this. Is it Trump? Yeah. I always have this dream, like there's an outside possibility I can run into him, you know? Oh yeah. It's an outside possibility. And I'd be like, if, if we all got to be like, Hey, I just want two things to do, what would you hit 'em with? Two things to do in the world? Yeah. In America. Anything. I Would say sentence to Sal would probably say sentence to Sackler, family to death. I think I like it. That would be probably my favorite thing about, and that Would put other people like, I mean, you grew up in a town that's, that's fucked by this. Well, yeah. Most, most of America. Yeah. I mean just the AA rooms alone, you see so many more people that aren't alcoholics. They're op, they're a, they're opioid addicts From pain relief. Yeah. Straight to heroin. And it's a different thing.


It's like the AA program helps 'em, but it does, it's not the same. It's like these people, their database has been compromised and altered. Yeah. They're, they're, I don't know if can opioids affect your genetic makeup over time? Can they alter Loose teeth? Your DNA? Yeah, they can definitely alter your fucking Grill is affected by Sure. Your Grin in. But yeah. Yes. Opioids can alter DNA. Wow. Which may contribute to opioid use disorder. These changes. So then you're not even talking to a human then you're dealing with someone who's been compromised by a drug. Right? Yeah. Yeah. They're not, they're not people anymore. And why is this not being talked about all the time? Every city in America. I don't know. Democrat and Republican are failing under this and no one's doing shit about it.


Well, I mean that's not what, even what I tell 'em, At least they stopped them from doing it. But now they just have, they have another new anti, what's that? There's a new opioid. I just saw that they were putting up it pr Pro Pro. You think they just rebranded and came back like a college bar that gets busted for underage and they go, it's a new name now it's my brother runs it. It's a different company. Oh, that's the best. That's the best bro. When I was in college, they had this group of gay fellas that would come and they'd fist fight. It was called, I've said it before, we're we'll be, we'll beat this part up, but it's called Fist Fights. Right. And it was their company. They came, it was gay. Men would come, you pay five bucks, go there, you get a beer and you get to watch fights. And they would beat the living shit out of each other. Dude.


Wow. Pretty cool. In Texas, they have a bunch of midget wrestling. They, yeah. And it's just like signs for it. It's not like a hidden back, back back room thing. Yeah. It's a cock fighting of the no cock fight I have ever been to a cock fight. No, but there is midget verse co verse rooster or whatever. Oh, right near the Border. How about midget verse Gay? We gotta make odds on all these things. Three midgets, two gays. You know, what's the like over under Ooh. Three midgets verse two gays. And then what kind of gazes are we talking about? Is it like luck of the draw? Yeah. Are you talking Ariana Grande fans or are you talking right Like Hardcore? Mateo can take somebody. Oh, he's strong enough.


He's very strong. Yeah. But can he fight and can he fight down? I bet he could. You gotta Be able to Overcut. I think he auditioned for Newsies and got pretty far, So I bet he could. Dude, don't pick that fight. You're not gonna win that. Oh Yeah. He ain't gonna win this fucking, is that Carlos Mencia? Does he dressed like Carlos Manz. Is that crazy to say That? He looks a little like Shane in the face. He's dressed like Manz and he's got a face like Shane. Shane kill Us. Yeah. How can you even see that's in eight Picks over? Wait, he turns. He turns. Lemme see when he turns. Pause it when he turns. If we see his face there, Shane, bro. That Shane bro.


That's Shane Bro. He's one of my friends. That's Shane. Tell me it's not. Okay. Okay. Look that chicken from five, That's a new commercial right there. Oh yeah, that's him. Wow. That's great dude. That's where an Eagle's hat. That is so great. Oh That's great. What? What were we just talking? Oh but what's the new drug? You see it Nick? This Is a non-opioid. That was Just, yeah, there we go. F FDA-approved. Oh, novel. Non-opioid treatment for moderate severe acute pain. Yeah. That's what they Need. Yeah. This just happened.


Ger Nix. J-O-U-R-N-A-V-X is the first drug to be approved in this new class of pain management medicines. 50 milligram oral tablets. A first in class non-opioid analgesic to treat moderate to severe acute pain in adults. But wouldn't you just get addicted to using this? But does that mean you don't But It's not opioid. Maybe it's not addictive. That's what I'm wondering. Do you not feel Like melatonin? You know what helps you go to sleep? Not melatonin. Melatonin. Yeah. But then like sleeping pills would become addictive. Melatonin's like it just, it's fine. So There's not opioids in here. What the fuck's an opioid too. Targeting a pain signaling pathway. So unlike opioids which act on receptors in the brain. Okay. Ger AIX works by targeting a pain signaling pathway involving sodium channels in the peripheral nervous system.


A Lot of words I didn't know in that. Yeah. Blocking pain signals before they reach the brain. So it's stopping the signals instead of the receptors in the brain. Oh, This is like the difference between limewire and Napster. Yeah. It's like pretty much the same, but it works different. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good comparison. Thanks. Evidence of non-addictive properties. Clinical data showed no evidence of withdrawal or drug seeking behaviors in patients. That's it. Right? The drug does not activate opioid receptors or induced euphoria. Oh Well they said the thing with oxycodone, oxycon, whatever was that they were like, well what about getting off it? Like we haven't seen any, any problem with that. And they go, did you test for that? And they go, no, we did not.


And so it's like, how do you know how hard it's to withdraw? You've never tested it. Meanwhile people are just fucking sleeping in fucking baby beds and shit. God. Adults, Those lean backs are fucking crazy Right now. Opioids are a class of drugs that interact with opioid receptors in the brain, em body to reduce pain perception and produce various effects that can be natural. Semisynthetic or synthetic chemicals. Yu Well, I don't know, but yeah, they gotta do something. That's a good one to tell 'em. Yeah. LERs. Because once you the rest like eh, let's let's get approval for this first. Yeah. People will start to I think, be a little bit unnoticed. There will be some sort of Yeah. 'cause they're serial killers. I don't understand how they were not, They're serial killers.


They're mass murderers and they go, well it's a company. Yeah. You know what they did in China? They Had Hadda. They were testing the for purity for baby formula. And so one company like put an additive in to make it test pure to go from like 96 to 99. But that additive ended up killing 12 babies. Oh yeah. And the government found out there's no bureaucracy there. They hung the board. Wow. The whole board. And they're like, no, the company has, it goes, no, you guys killed babies. Is that true? Yeah. So it's like, we're done with this. Yeah. I wanna see that. You're just hung. You can't just do, you can't break the law and kill babies. You're out. You're out. Yeah.


And hopefully this will be a sign to everybody else. Yeah. And there's enough Chinese, they might not have been the ones that might have been different ones. Oh, come on Theo. Look, I'll say this. If you show me 40 Chinese dude, I don't know how I'd feel. You know, You just on the same one over and over again. Be honest. Well it's kinda like this one time this lady paid us to go get her cats in her yard or whatever. And she was very old and she would give us like, I think a quarter for each cat that we brought in. Yeah. And me and my buddy William just kept bringing the same two cats in over and over again. Fucking When I Had Hadda go get my visa to play China, I went in there and they're like, what are you doing there? I was like, I'm working. I got gigs. I'm like, you're working. Where's your letter of invitation from the government? Where's your $50,000?


You know? And I'm like, I don't know. It's like early when you go to China, you have, I mean Canada, you have to tell 'em visiting a friend. Yeah. It was that too. I didn't realize. So I called the promoters. I was like, what do I do? They go, go back. Do only Bieber can afford the proper channels to play China. Go back in there and tell 'em you're just there to see the Great Wall. And I'm like, but I was just in there. And he goes, so you know how we can't tell them apart? It's a two-way street. Oh yeah. He goes, just go. Right. Try not to go to that window, but if you do, it won't matter. Wow. And I got called in that window and she goes, hi, how you doing? I thought she was fucking with me. I'm like, here to do some traveling in China. Okay. That was it. Damn. Did you get I Did you go with the same group that I went with?


Did you go to I didn't go with that Lee guy. I went with Turner Sparks and Andy Tain. No, it was a different group. I think that was one of the best things about doing comedy Man was just the places you got to go. You couldn't afford it. No. And and you would. And you just never would've been able to do it. And it flew you to fucking Suho, China Guanxi and all these places. You're like, Dick jokes are paying for this. Yeah. It, It was wild. And you meet the local scenes. I'm like, there's a comedy scene in Hong Kong. That was the best man. It was so cool. Iceland, you're going to Australia in just weird spots. Yeah. We went to one right there. That's Guantanamo Bay. You played Guantanamo Bay? Yeah. With Mike.


That's in Cuba. Yeah. Who's That guy on the right guy? Jewish guy too. Mike E? No, my smoothie. Mike b mike Co. Is that Mike Costa with this? Patrick Degure. Oh, PA, that's Costa. Yeah. It looks like Costa Patrick Degure. Mike Costa. Who's Patrick Degure The blind one. Oh yeah. Patrick Degure. Yeah. He is blind. Where's, That's you on the left? Yeah. Day. Hey, good hair back. Look how angry your hair is. Yeah. Exude man on it man. And that kid never nutted inside a chick. Never. What an idiot. That's a nutter. That's a nutter guy. That was his time. Oh he, he nutted in his shampoo bottle.


Yeah. He never won a times. Never title. You never won a title in your prime. Yeah. Wow. Fuck. I was young as fuck Bitch. Damn. I was doing good. You look like Dane Cook there. Yeah, bro. Dane and Shady Sha. Get that off the ground. Come on. NBC. Make your comeback. So you went, so you just went all over. Look at that's the Guantanamo Bay Lighthouse Bar. Went To Guantanamo Bay, isn't It so fucking cool. You can go out places like that. Crazy. Went to the A Dude Guantanamo Bay. I didn't realize. First of all, nice golf courses there. Underrated. You'd never know it. We got to see the prisoners play some volleyball. Wow. Really? Yeah. Did you play your jeans and no shirt like in Top Gun? No, they wouldn't let us get that close to 'em or whatever.


And some of 'em had blindfolds on or, but they were still playing. Unbelievable. Just to do like to get out in the yard or whatever and have a Oh, the prisoners? Yeah. Oh yeah. They had these, they Could play volleyball, Iguanas down there. Foxes, rodents. Unique animals. They Had Hadda Beach, this thing called Glass Beach that had all this used to be glass, but it all was rounded out now. From the, from the, yeah. Tides. Where else did they send you? Where else did you go? I went to Azos. We went to the Azos, which is somewhere, I don't know. Is that Portugal? Yes. Off the coast of Portugal. Between Portugal, America. Pretty amazing. What about you?


I just remember I saw Paul Morrisey today. You know him? Oh yeah. Yeah. We went to the three Point Paul, he's a basketball player too. He's great. We got flown to Switzerland. Montrose. Switzerland for a festival. Yeah. And then we made a deal with each other, like let's keep going places. Yeah. The Iceland Australia. But the China gigs was weird gigs. Dominican Republic and you're just like, It's Dominican Republic And you're just here on their dime. The, the Anchorage gigs. Oh, I never did That. Those were good. They take you on either a a, a thing above the glaciers or deep sea fishing. Me and David Taylor were deep sea fishing. We cut one open right there. It had all these like dots in it. And he's like, what's that? And he says, well it's egg, it's pregnant. So it's eggs. And he goes, is that caviar?


Yeah. Can you eat raw? Yeah, you can. And he showed us and he ate it. And David's like, I'll have some right out of the thing. Every pregnant one we found David just start filling up on it and Then he'd get sick. So sick. You're not supposed to fill up on caviar on a boat. Yeah, dude. Especially when you're poor. Yeah. You can barely afford a burrito and you're eating fresh outta the womb. Caviar. Bro, if somebody brought caviar to me, I'd fucking Served in a womb. Oh Serve. I'd fucking serve a sword to their neck. Dude, you Can't fucking eat Caviar if you're poor, Dude. Yeah. It's, that didn't go Your stomach's like chill out F Yeah. You know, you, you just, some can't handle it.


God, those gigs were good. They just fly out somewhere and it was just like on their dime. Yeah. And you're just like, they cover the hotel. They, they, they let you know where to stay. There's no arranging. Yeah. You Never made any money. Yeah, right. It was just 200 Bucks. It was just broke even maybe. But then like you're living like on a vacation to the level I can barely afford now. Yeah. All covered. It's, it was so cool Dude. We went one time to, what's the blue stuff that they put in drinks? It's, they put it in like a Oh, Ker Island. Yes. Boom. That place. It's an island. Oh. So we went there. You went there on comedy? Yes.


Where's zoom out from the map. I wanna see where this is on the map. Go and then slowly zoom out. Yeah. Yeah. Night near bone air. Okay. Out, out, out. Where the fuck is This? They keep moving this place. I really don't know content is Yet. Me neither. Okay. In the Caribbean. Every Couple years they move this place somewhere else. It's like the island from Lost. We went, go look at a picture of it dude. It is like a small place. There's only one area that has a few buildings. Wow. And then there's this military base there, but they manufacture this blue laur there. Yeah. That's the area. It's very small dude. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. But there's nothing, I mean this is it. Right. And then we went to this military place. I think we did a show and then they had, they put us up in these rooms and then the, you'd go into the facility where the rooms were like, and it just kinda looked like a bare, like almost like a community college type of, or like an old high school.


Just like this cinder block kinda wall, you know, with painted over and stuff. Then we opened the door to this one room and it was the most eccentric, craziest room I'd ever been in. Dolled Up different. Yes. Like I think fancy like operatives or somebody came down there every once in a while and they'd put 'em up in this crazy place and probably get 'em some chicks or whatever. But it was a real unbelievable We went with, yeah, we went with cheerleaders from what? Houston Texans. Cheerleaders. What? Yeah. That's when you would've nutted. Yeah. Shoulda have. Who's that? That's the room I was in. Wow. Me Jay Davis were in it that crazy. But every other room was normal. And then they had this one room that was crazy.


It had like mirrored ceilings, like heavy cocaine vibes. Me and Jay Davis. Yeah. Yeah. That was, That's a coke vibe for sure. Yeah, it was crazy. It was just crazy. There was me and him. Just Wait back, back Up. It's wishing we had some women. Those are, are you in shape there? I was in shape. God damn bro. I Used to fucking Wait. What? Yeah, that's you on the left. I used to jerk myself off. That's how good looking I was. Damn dude, you need to lower those pants up a little bit. Show that v. What? Oh boy is That. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Alabama BLM dude. I Dunno what's going on over there. But that was pretty amazing. That's cool. That was, but yeah, going places like that was unbelievable.


Military. You ever do any of the ones where you were in like Iraq or? No, I just Had Hadda Nate and, and and Louis Kaz Lewis Kaz and and Joe List on my podcast about going to Kuwait and, and with a stop over in Istanbul. Wow. And it's just like that same thing of like, what are we doing here? It's all paid for and set up. Yeah. That was cra And you just thought you were like, this is crazy. 'cause like when you grow up you're like I'll, I'll probably never go there. Ever. Yeah. Let alone on someone else's dime. Yeah. They Had Hadda woman in a black. Yeah, they Had Hadda woman gave me a bj Come Soon, you'll be tripping. What Had Hadda Black Hawk gave me a BJ and a Black Hawk on the ground. On a on. They arranged that for you? No, she arranged it.


Okay, okay. She arranged it and she said, oh the airfield is un, I dunno what it was like un unattended or something tonight. But yeah. Pretty cool. And then what else? Oh, another time. Wait, wait, wait. Wow. I know. Pretty neat. I think that was in like did she Hold your hand and make a man outta you? I Don't know what happened. Wait, you got a blowjob in a Black Hawk helicopter. Pretty cool. Pretty cool. Did she leave No man behind or did she like, I don't remember. I remember she Had Hadda huge kind of Z on her neck or like a goiter or something. You're just looking at that the whole time. I think she was from like Philly or something. Like last longer or something.


But really a sweet gal and Seems nice. Oh. There was another group that went jogging in the morning in the Air Force and she slipped over into my little cabin or whatever. She Slipped outta line of the jog. Yeah. And I couldn't get an erection. I was too like freaked out or something. I thought they were gonna come over the guns. I didn't fucking know how the military works. You know. Where Was this? This was in somewhere near Kuwait Air of John. Or it's one of these bases or something. Pretty cool. Wow. Those were good old. Yeah, it was good. A good time. It was good for, Good for everybody. It was just cool. Yeah. They would take you out the middle of the nowhere. You'd just shoot a bunch of guns, you know? And just And the That was Kuwait. Yeah. You went to Kuwait?


Yeah, whatever. The one in Iraq. Yeah. Era Flew in then went to these forward operating bases. I Think that's where they went to. I think it might've been the same one. It was pretty great. Yeah. So yeah, the special, let's get a little bit more about it. I wanna know about it. Are you torn off of it now? Is there gonna be a new tour Torn off? A different hour. Okay. Yeah. I'm torn a little bit for like till April. Then I'm gonna take about a year and a half off. Yeah. Off the road. You always do a good job of that is taking time off. You're the one guy that's always like, dude, you gotta take some time off for yourself. And I'm like, I will. And then I never do. Yeah. I always try to get you to Yeah you do. Yeah you could. I know one of 'em day I will. Yeah. One day I'll just take time off forever. You know? I think that's probably maybe my goal. Save It up and then go. Yeah, Just like when people save up their PTO or whatever, you save It up till the end.


Once you quit. Like I get all that. Oh that's the wrong way to live. You think you should be taking along the way? Yeah. Yeah. So I'll go, I'm gonna go backpacking for like six to eight months. Just traveling. You've been some pretty great places over the years. I went to Cuba this year with Bobby Kelly. Did you really? Yeah, For h We were there for hurricane. Not, that's not why we went. We went to get away from the election. No way. Yeah, We, we out there on Monday. We didn't find out who won until Sunday. Wow. They didn't even have elections there. Yeah. You're like, what happened? The election? Like, I don't know what that word means. Alexion? No Say no say. Wow. What was it like there? I mean it was pretty wild. You could see like the remnants of what it would've been.


The extravagant, same buildings. Nothing's They have an embargo there. That's one thing I tell Trump like, come on in that already. They're just poor people now for no reason. And so what does that mean? They have an embargo. So you can't, they won't trade with America. They won't trade with anyone who trades with America to a degree. I think so. So We won't trade with or we did we do that or they did that? We did that. Okay. And so Obama ended it and then and opened up travel and everything. Trump put back on the embargo. But you can still travel. And then Biden also took, stayed no full embargo. But you can still travel. So there's 20 flights a day from Miami and Houston. Okay. So you can travel to Cuba. You cant bring back cigars, can't bring back alcohol. And we don't do trade with them. Yeah. And so that means they can't grow extra stuff in trade.


All their sugar cane, all their tobacco. They can't, there's no reason to grow extra. 'cause they can't, it'll just rot. Right. So there's just poverty there. So it's just poverty but it's also just poverty. 'cause the government takes probably like funnels a lot of the money just to themselves, right? Yeah, sure. They're doing okay. But that hurricane, they evacuated everyone. They Had Hadda evacuate like it like really? Well there was three people rushed to the hospital. That's it. Mm. During a type three hurricane. That's nice. Yeah. I mean it's heavy. The whole island lost power for two days. So there was no power in the entire country for two days. So that was like weird. But then we just wander around outside afterwards, just like looked at the devastation. Hmm.


US business conducting trade or commerce, Current embargo status with Interests. Yeah. President Donald Trump wants taking office for second term on January, 2020 fifth. So if we reverse several actions taken by the outgoing Biden administration. Well that happens a lot. Like the one, like, so for couple days the things sort of changed, right? Yeah. So, you know, I think I know what this is. So Diaz told me, this gave me a clue they wouldn't, Florida didn't vote for Hillary Clinton because they never forgave Bill Clinton for giving back Elliot Gonzalez. Mm. Because They, those Cubans that fled and went to Florida, who, who are all, and they, they breed, you know, so there are a lot of them. Yeah. They hate the, the Castro regime over there and anything you can, they tell their grandkids, you can never visit Cuba. Fuck that place.


And so they were mad at them giving this kid back to his real father. Like he should be in America. So they just hate him. So it took Obama for like, well I've already run twice and won, so I'm not gonna run for a third term. So now I can end this embargo. If he didn't, Florida goes against him. So Trump, same thing is like, I want that Cuban vote. Let's put that embargo back on Biden too. I want that Cuban vote. Put that embargo back on. Wow. Yeah. Florida's a big vote. It ain't Maryland. Yeah. If it was Maryland, they're like, I don't care. Yeah. Florida's a lot of points, right? Yeah. So I'm hoping he is like, well I'm already in. Dang. Yeah. So I, it just, it's just whatever. But so then when you go, they're like, you bring anything like Yes. Light bulbs or it's not even expensive. Like we just can't get shit here.


Batteries. A battery charger. We would love that. Huh? Yeah. So he was like, Hey, the hurricane's coming, we're gonna lose power, charge everything. Wow. Yeah. That's Wild. You don't even think about the things you would need suddenly. Yeah. So you can see all the buildings, they look cool. Kind of decrepit. But if you like blink and like imagine it with like a clean coat of paint, you're like, Oh yeah, this would've been the vacation spot. Yeah. Maybe one day it will be again. Well, I guess, well you guys went there for a vacation. How was it? I loved it. I had so much fun. Some stuff. Could you go to the beach, smoked cigars all day? I went to the beach and nobody was on it. They, they cooked through a lobster right there for $10. It was so cool. It was so much fun and freeing. I got to practice my Spanish. So it's a great place to go. God damn.


And we didn't get outta Havana. We would've gotten out except for the hurricane. Kind of put a damper on it, but it was a cool experience. Anyway, but like, yeah, I would love to go back. I would love to go to Trinidad, like the city of Trinidad and Cuba and in the, in the east, and just like, Was there a nightlife there when you went? Really? Dancing and music. Oh yeah. That Cuban music. We went to what's left of one of us social club. I was dancing. They picked me up to dance. This fucking hot black chick, like Caribbean, like Black chick. Yeah. Was dancing with me. And I was like, I remember a little salsa class. Saltwater sisters baby. Yeah. I was going for it, dude. It felt so good. It was so fucking fun. Yeah, everyone's out. Everyone's smoking and just casually smoking those cigars and just like drinking.


Are they busting on you? Co libres? Do they bust on you because you're American? No, not At all. One guy, one guy goes, I know it's not you. I know it's your government. And I was like, I wasn't even thinking about it. Wow. We went, when I was a student, we went, I wanna get you on my podcast about that year on, Well, when I went to there, semester at Sea. Okay. Yeah. Did I come talk about that? I met, I never talk about it. I met a guy. It would go perfectly with that pod, but also like Journey, What's it called? The Trip. Trip. You be tripping, You Trippin. Just about a place you've been. But I haven't had Ocean as any. Oh yeah. But like I met a guy in my neighborhood. I Never talk about that whole trip. We were talking, okay. He goes, do you know Theo Von? I was like, yeah, yeah. It's a friend of mine. And he goes, I was on a boat with him once. And I was like, oh, weird. Yeah. And he goes, no, no, no.


It was like a six month thing. Yeah, that was it. I gotta get his name to see if you remember. I gotta remember his Name. Some Es. He white guy. Yeah, white guy. James. James was his name. James. But anyway, yeah. And I was like, oh, that'd be perfect. That sounds so Cool. Oh, it was great. Yeah. Semester at sea. It was like a floating school. Took off out of Canada, out of Vancouver over there, and just went around. The whole world finished in Florida. We stopped at Cube on the way You Did on the way back. Yeah. Fidel came and spoke to us too. It was pretty crazy. Really? Yeah. But then what? But then we just tried to get out. Oh dude. I'll tell you this fun thing that happened. So we went out and nobody spoke any Spanish or whatever. We would just do like that.


If somebody talked to us in Spanish, you know, we would fucking just do that in in order. In order a kure, you know? Oh man. They're great there. Oh Yeah, they have icl. Yeah, we went to the Havana Club. Yeah, They Did. Yeah. We saw a guy picking at his nose so hard for so long. Yeah, so long. I have a picture of it. I can't show it. Oh yeah. Because it's being too much hate. But hard Workers over there. Hard. No, there's a white guy. Oh, there's a white guy. Get rid of that fucking pollution. Yeah. A lot of people travel over there, pick their nose. Fucking, it's different in Cuba. The flick goes further. And then, so we were at this thing, we're just walking down the streets and finally we find this kind of party going on.


It looked like it was some people, there was like a birthday cake and stuff with this old guy, and these people like were drinking and we were drinking. So we all just start kind of dancing in this little kind of foyer area, like off this, the edge of this house and stuff when we're hanging out and stuff. And we s singing Happy Birthday and dancing. And then you start to realize, look over. And this old guy is going down on this woman. They were hookers that they'd hired for this birth, for these two old dudes that hired some hookers for their birthday. What? And we're just fucking there, like cutting the cake with them and shit. We're like, what the fuck are we doing, bro? There's a lot of hookers there. Yeah. Was There? Yeah, I didn't get any. You see 'em though? I'm like, I haven't seen hookers. And you notice like, Oh yeah, yeah, that, Oh yeah. That they're like, hi.


And you're like, yep. There's just different, yeah, That was a, and then when we Had Hadda Bowl game, we Had Hadda get bread and cheese. You got What? We, I, we were staying with a guy and, and they were like, should we help? Should we help? He goes, no, no, I got it. I gotcha. And then when the hurricane was coming, like, should we go out and like get like supplies? And he goes, yes. Like, he was like, oh shit, you're worried. So we're like on the hunt for bread and cheese and everywhere we went there. Like, we're out. We're out. Nah. And then Bobby Kelly, he was like, all right, let's go. Let's go to the next place. We gotta go. And he goes, well, hold on, there's cookies here. I'm like, Bob, it's not a cookie time, dude. Let's go. So what else do you see? An Alcoholic with a dessert. It's hard. It's fucking, it is A replacement. What else did you see there? What Else did we see? Went to a baseball game. Ooh. I missed doing that.


And we Were, when we left, we were throwing everything we had off of the edge of the ship. Like tennis shoes, any, just 'cause they didn't have like, just things that like, we're like, what are we gonna do? Take this shit. We don't even fucking care. Who cares? Because you kind of made friends with the people while you were there. They had this guy named Henry that was taking us around and he, and it was just, so we're just throwing everything we had just off the edge of this boat. Just take It. You take it. Yeah. Take it here, here, Here. They'll go closed. All kind of stuff. Yeah. 'cause they could use it. It was, that was pretty awesome. That was really great. Yeah. It's crazy that they don't have access. It's weird. When you go to another place, you see a cultural difference like that you hadn't even noticed before. Like, oh, I have access to shoes when I want it.


I might be able to afford 'em, but I can get 'em. Yeah. And they had horse meat. That's what they served us at this con We went to this conference, they said they served us horse meat. And then they had also, they like, you wore this, this, this translator machine. So whenever Fidel was talking and the speakers were talking, you could hear what they were saying. Whoa. And then some people got to ask him questions and shit. One kid got him to sign his passport. Fidel Castro. Yeah. Signed some dude. Wow. That's a perfect thing to sign. Signed some dude's passport. Wow. Pretty fucking cool. This little you Met Fidel Castro, Some little s Slurper. I don't know if I met him. I don't think I did. But you saw Him? Yeah, we saw him. He came and spoke to us, like 600 students or maybe.


And then, I'm trying to think of anything else that happened that was super great over there. I, I just happened pretty quick and we just drank with like, a lot of like homeless people. Like, a lot of times you would pull in, you were on a boat docks, you were always like around like homeless people and shit. And wherever boat docks Are. Right. That's not, that's not the typical vibe of a city. Right. Like sometimes it was like cool like Miami and then sometimes it was like you were in like Jersey. You know, like you just, it was hit or miss. You know, some of these ports you went into. So you'd roll off thinking like, oh, we're gonna be in the lap of like, some cool area and you'd just be in like the industrial and the docks, you know, like in Belfast or something? Yeah, exactly. Who would go here? Yeah. No one in LA goes to where this ship's dock. People are just getting fucking wasted. It's just at some shit.


I bet. See for nine months. Get me hookers and drugs now. Oh dude. All the staff that worked on the cruise ship, they were from like Trinidad and Tobago and stuff like that. And so they were all, they would all go get hookers the second that the boat docked. You'd see 'em file out like ants just to go get hookers in these different countries. I went Last year, Trinidad and Tobago. Yeah. For Carnival. Was it nice? It was so much fun for Carnival. I dressed the whole outfit with the big fucking feathers and you just dance and drink for days. Wow. It was so much fun. Who'd you go with a chick? Yeah. I met my friend, my friend's like in line to be the prime minister there from college. Really? Yeah.


His dad was the prime minister. And then when he, when I met him, he was the ambassador to America White guy. Tobegan? No, dark skinned Black. Dark skinned black. Yeah. They only have Indians and, and blacks there pretty much, but Oh yeah. But everyone's dancing whining on each other. They were whining on me. They were playing. This is not happening for some reason. On loop? No on loop. So like for like four hours a day, they were playing. This is not happening in Trinidad. No residuals. And So I was getting recognized in Trinidad, Tobago. Some chick was like, are you Ari Shafi? Can I, and I was like, yeah. She goes, can I whine on you? I'm like, yeah. She's just fucking backing It up. That's what they do there. Yeah. It's not even sexual. It's just like backing it up right on your ass and just rubbing and they just go all the way down.


Oh yeah. Yeah. That's great. Oh, and how, what do they call it? Wind on you? Wining, Whining. It's their dance whining. Wow. And it's tobegan? I guess so. Wow. Steel pan, all that shit. It was so fucking cool. I love that. What do you notice after traveling to some of these places? What do you, what are the things you miss about America and what do you think are the things that we lose by being such a capitalistic environment? Food is cleaner Other places. Okay. Like in Cuba, they don't have much, but they don't have like chemicals to put in there either. Right. And then it's, it's, it's like the need to like work for life. Oh, she's teaching how to whine. I might have watched this video before I went. God. And what do you do?


Stand there. Stand there. Could lift one leg around them. Try to go down with them. Even you can't do it. But they're like, it's funny, the white guy trying, but there's no like, they're not like mad at you for being there. There's so few whites There are. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. I think the real one has more. Whoa. Precia, You just, That's when you really, that's when your nuts go missing right there. Wow. That's learned to work. Jesus lady. I know Alto, Alto. I caught a pickpocket in Croatia one time. Got a picture with him. You, he pickpocketed you called him Fucking just like that. And then you're like, I'm not mad at you. Let's just take a picture.


Let's Get a photo. And he ran off. Little guy. Little fucking five will go thieving. No. He was like, all right. Yeah. Fair is fair. It's just like you, you notice like, oh, we have some good things where we are. You notice you get to appreciate that. But then also like the need to work as your method of reward, you know, it's like, nah, it shouldn't be that. It should be work to play. Like how much value we put on that. Yeah. It's like never ending work till you die. And there they're like, there work for the, for the weekend. You get, you try to go towards like some fun. Yeah. So there they have like carnival season, it's a month plus long parties. Parties. Parties. It's great.


Juve. Everyone's like throwing paint on each other in mud. Juvet, juve, Juvet. It's like JoVE. That's in Trinidad. Trinidad, yeah. It's a night before. So you're up all, all night. You get two hours of sleep and go back to drinking and wine and Yeah. That's Juvet. Juve. J Ju juve Dash. Yeah. O-U-V-R-T. Everyone's fighting with. Wow. And they're fist fighting. No partying. They're fighting with paint. No, they're, yeah, they're, they're in a great, great mood. It's all pretty Safe. Let's look about Juve. Can you find me the information on it looks beautiful. It's the day before. So colorful. A traditional carnival celebration in many countries throughout the Caribbean. The parade is believed to have its foundation in Trinidad and Tobago with roots steeped in French Afro Creole traditions.


Wow. Such as Kle. Kle. What is that? Click On it. Yeah. It sounds so fucking weird. Click On Kle. And it comes from like, some weird version of like Christianity and, and slavery celebrating. Oh Yeah. Can Bole is a precursor to Trinidad and Tobago Carnival. The festival is also where Calypso music has its roots. Steel drum. You know why they did steel drum? Because they outlawed drumming. Because they were like, you're, you're like riling people up. Mm. So like, let's get these abandoned steel drums, like the oil drums. We'll make music outta that. Wow. Go back to that information, Nick. It was originally a harvest festival, which drum singing, dancing, and chanting were an integral part, huh?


Yep. It Bule has played an important role in the development of the music of Trinidad and Tobago for, it was the banning of percussion instruments in the 1880s that led to the surreptitious innovations that gave birth to steel pan music. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Here's me in my fucking costume. Wow. Isn't that fun? Fear? Yeah. Baba. It was so fucking fun. Oh. So he showed us how to do it. My friend Brian. Dude, That's so cool. You look like a native bro. Yeah. I got, I got, I got lost in It. You look so native. It Was so fun. I mean, they party. Yeah. They do it right. There's no status. There's no any of that. Like, what do you mean they party, They go to let loose like a Filipino lady and like all the Filipinos in like China and stuff.


When it's the weekend they party, they just dance on the docks together. Right. They go for, they're like, let's let loose. It's not about like, who, which table am I at? Who's gonna be here? Yeah. It's the party for the sake of party. And it's like the downstairs on the, on the Titanic. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Everything else just gets a little bit fucking ridiculous out here. That I think you definitely notice that more in big cities. Yeah. Club, club life clubbing in Europe is about like doing drugs and dancing. Yeah. And here it's about like bottle service and, and velvet Ropes. Prestige. Yeah. Yeah. That kind of stuff starts to disappear once you even get out of, I feel like some of the bigger cities. I always noticed too that Australians traveled the most. I felt Australia.


Yeah. It's like they're, they go do it. It's how they, We can't even comprehend it. No. You see one in the audience like, Oh yeah. What, what are you doing here? It's like, I'm on holiday. Yeah. And you're like, oh. So just, just LA in the back. Like, no, LA Vegas, Miami and then Copenhagen, London, whatever. Like how long? Oh yeah. A field of dreams we go into. There's always like one outlier thing they're going to See. Yeah. Yeah. It's like why nobody goes To that. They wanna see Mickey Rooney's grave over there. Yeah. They go for like two months. I know. It is really incredible. Huh? They'll go, it's almost like that Amish thing. Like what's the a where they go, oh, rum springer. Rum Springer. Yeah. Australians almost have that where like, I'm gonna go see the world. And Australians, all they really wanna do is try the different cokes from around the country.


Oh, they Like doing cocaine. Yeah. They love it. And they have the worst. Oh yeah. They love it the most and have the worst. Yeah. So it's like, imagine you dunking. I love to dunk, but I can't really do it. Yeah. 'cause I can't really do it. But then you go to like the moon and you're like, I can dunk now. All you'd wanna do is just dunk all day. Yeah. Just fucking, just jumping Right past the sun. Would you see that picture that just came up about Mars? Do you see that? What about it? They found this crazy thing on. There's a photo if this photo is real. Did you see that Nick? Yeah. They found like a perfect square on Mars. Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. What? It's kind of fascinating. That's Unsettling.


Perfect. This Square starts photo fighter Mars behind W branded wild has space fanatics. Completely baffled. Yeah. That's a straight line. Yeah. I'm trying to see if we can get a clear picture of it. I'm sure they were too. Yeah. Facts. Oh, that's it right there. So you start to wonder like, 'cause your mind also starts to say, well, okay, that's a square. But, But also it's like, is it just like right there the rocks broke down just that way. That's not, that's like Bigfoot shit where it's like it really is. Nah. Or UFOs every time. Ufo like, look at this. I'm like, I can't say context. Yeah. That looks like a dot. And when the shittiest thing for me is, UFOs have been in the water recently. Do you hear that? A couple like a month ago. Water.


Yeah. Why wouldn't they hide in the water? And you're like, okay, so you're telling me this whole time we've been looking up And they're down And they're down. Oh, you tricksters. Yeah. It's like a, it's like part of a Scooby Doo episode. It's like, what? I'm not worried about them harming me. This was a let they tell me something. CBS news. Yeah. Reply. Tim Burton said an interview on Wednesday. They an admirable whom he did not identify, told him an unidentified craft moving at incredible speeds in the sea. It's always incredible speeds. Yeah. And you're like, how about it's it's far away. Look, look, if you have something really far away and it's moving across the screen like that, you're like, that's slow. If you, it's right here. It's like, oh my God, that's so fast. Yeah. It's just, you can't see the fucking scale.


You can't see where it is. But also just they've, oh, they've been in the water. That's, oh, we were looking up here and there. Down there. You Never thought to tell us About the water. Oh, Gotta discover it. You gotta be a real scuba deo. It kind Of makes, yeah, it, that was good. That was better than the other. You went around, but it was, I was like, this is so fucking dumb dude. Now they're in the water. It's like, should They're not up here. It just was so dumb. Me. Yeah. Where else are they gonna be? Yeah. Where's next? In the fridge. I Know. Where do you wanna go still Argentina. Yeah. Che. You know a place map that for me. Let's see.


Che. Where the women swim. Like, like swine. Lemme see it. You don't know how to spell that? Yeah. I was gonna say, how do we spell it? I mean, just, it's up to you. Really. You're free American. It's up to fucking you, bro. It's up to you. Boy. Che che. Why that place? Where'd you hear about that? You just heard about it from somebody. It's so funny when you hear about something, you're a kid and, and you just remember it forever. You know? You're like, yeah, I gotta go There. Time with Bon Jovi. Wow. Wow. Oh, so it gets cold there too. Oh, It looks perfect. It Does look perfect. San Carlos de Barre. Oh, looks beautiful. Halifax is beautiful. You've been there. I just went For the first time. Did you? I've been trying to go to Eastern Canada for so fucking long and my Jews just keep telling me it.


It's not worth it for the money. And I'm like, I want to go. And they go find only winter. I'm like, no, no. You gotta be outsider in that. Yeah. Like you'll draw less. I'm like, who guys? Get me out there. I finally went, I loved it. Beautiful. Weird. Cool people Isolated. Yeah. Strange. Different people. Real, real fucking, what's that movie where they put That guy in a box? Mm. And they burned it alive I think. I think one of 'em. Oh, I think Nicholas Cage did a remake of it. Not Matchstick Match the Wickerman. Wickerman. It Looks like Wicker Manish for sure. Yeah. It was Great. Yeah. I love that. La Cross Wisconsin was a place that I liked in America. Mm. Yeah. I outside Mount Pier.


Very beautiful. It's just like a perfect place. I've been doing that now a lot. When I meet somebody from another country, I'm like, what's, what's your tips? And they go, oh, well go to Bueno Aires. I'm like, no, no, no, no. You're from Buenos Aires can be a restaurant, a bar or where you go hiking outside of there. Yeah. And then they tell me and I put it on Google Maps and I'm like, I'm getting there. Gimme the grassroots Che. I'm gonna write that One down. And that's lacrosse. Wisconsin. It's, I think it's one of the best little cities. Barce. Barce. Yeah. Where the women swim like swine. Oh yeah. There you go. There's Granddad's Bluff over there. Barce. Oh yeah bro. That's what we need.


More barce in America. Yeah. And then I would say in America, probably I would go with lacrosse Wisconsin as a place that I really think is a great place to go tour or see. Just nice. It's like the, if you thought of a like ideal place in America. Yeah. Like especially like where like in the fall the leaves changed color and it was like it as a cool mountain. But you could still ride your bike everywhere you wanted to in town as a kid. And you have just enough of a little downtown with like some three story buildings where you were like, oh that's cool. Downtown Two bars. Yes. And everything but some cool old shops and stuff downtown where it really feels cool. How many people live there in LA Cross Wisconsin. 52,818. So a good enough size too where it's like, you know, you'll have some neighbors, you have some good sporting events and stuff like that.


You're close enough to drive to Green Bay to cheer for the Packers. But yeah, just beautiful. Right. Beautiful. But far enough away. Like we don't go Right like this is their downtown. So everything perfect. Just kind of perfect. This Is where OSA lives in Pennsylvania. A city like this. Yeah. Yeah. Like like an hour outside Philadelphia. Pennsylvania's got some beautiful places. Yeah. But like a small downtown, just like that. And he's the mayor. Wow. Yeah. You got one light. Yeah. That place is a great spot there. That's The kind of thing you do when you're on the road where it's like, alright, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna stay a few days longer or go a few days early, chill out, then do my shows or stay there and drive in for your shows and go back. Yeah. So you have all day. Yeah. I wanna do some more. Like I think it's maybe after this year then I would just get a camper and do like a, where I just go around the country, do some like interview just regular people in different places.


And You're good at that too. And just have a, just, I saw You interview like a school bus driver once Go touring. Who did we interview? Did you have a school bus driver or a bus driver? We Have a hostage negotiator coming on soon. No, It was somebody more regular And we got a Native American couple years ago. We Had Hadda. Female long haul trucker. A mortician lunch Lady. Lunch lady. Maybe it's mortician, maybe it's lunch. But yeah, that normal shit that you can get a lot out of 'em. That'd be fun. Fascinat. Yeah. Who drive the rv? You. Or you could have somebody else be driving it or switch off. Probably switch off. I've driven a car. Or If I have a family at that point You're looking, I gotta get a family at some point. Well if you do that, guess what you're gonna have to do first. Not inside. Not inside, buddy.


That's it. It's for you. It's all there. You don't say, Hmm, that would be cool. Me and O'Neill and Matt, Edgar did one where we did a Spokane and we did Tacoma. Yeah. No Tacoma then Spokane. And then, so two days there. Two days there. In the interim we found a fire station, a fire lookout station that had been re redone. So it was an hour hike to get up. There's no roads in. We took all our shit and we stayed up there for like three days doing mushrooms. There's hundreds of acres around us. Wow. There's nothing up there. And it was a 360 deck on top. So no, none of the animals would get at you, but you could be out there. You Just found it. Yeah. O' Neil found it. Damn.


And the guy was like, yeah, we own this. We retrofitted it. They don't need these fire lookouts anymore. That's cool. And so it was like, it was, but that's all there. If you're willing to take like the week in between. Yeah. Skiing, doing anything. Yeah. I think some things just get like, you're like, you wanna work, but then you're like, have I done enough work? I don't know. Yeah. But then you start working so much you don't even know where you're doing anymore. Sometimes too. Just Autopilot. Wasting time. Yeah. It's funny, I have two different sets of friends and half of them are like pitying me for not buckling down enough and the other half look up to me for, for like paying it back in enough. You know? I think I look up, I think I always admire the fact that you go and do these fun things that seem to keep you alive. I got a proposition for you. Maybe I'll tell you off there.


Okay. That's fair. Yeah. I wanna come, I wanna talk about the semester at sea. That's what I would like to talk about. Okay. Yeah, Sure. So we'll do it. You can do it in New York. New York or if we're in Austin together, we can do it then. Okay. Yeah. I have a studio there too. Yeah, That'd be fun to go through the different places. I've never really gone through and thought about And yeah, you'll think about it. You're gonna remember stuff as we go. Yeah. That's what happens to everybody when they're doing it. When they're doing one of the episodes. They're like, and then I went, oh, that shit Margaret. Oh yeah. At that moment I love Dude. We Had Hadda girl, she fucking hit, did a water slide somewhere in like Vietnam, which nobody knew they even had. Yeah. Broke out both of her front teeth and got knocked up by a mariachi player dude. A mariachi player in Vietnam.


I know. So who? Who what? What do you mean? We Had Hadda girl. I don't know. She was on the, she was just on the cruise ship too. Oh. Because that would be it. You'd go, you'd land in a port with the cruise ship. You would take classes while you're on the ship. And the program's called Semester at Sea. And it's amazing. You'd take classes, but then once you got to a city, you would just, people could go do whatever they wanted. You could. You Could be back at whatever, Be back when the ship leaves at like oh 1700 or something. So people would come back with drug habits. Some people would come back with amazing stories. People would come back with their teeth in their pocket. Wow. In a full wall. Wow. That's like fantasy island. It was just some people would go, people would stay. We Had Hadda, couple people that like fell in love, just fucking stayed. They're like, fuck it. Couple people got busted with drugs or whatever and they just left them there.


No. Yeah. Rules are rules man. Yeah. Wheels up. Wheels up at this time. Wheels up. Yeah. Yeah. Does shit anchors up. So That was all of that was kind of fascinating man. Do you think Fantasy Island was a precursor for Epstein Island? I'm Not sure what Fantasy Island was at a real place. No, it was a TV show. Oh it was? Yeah. I Never saw it with Herbie V shit. Whatever. No, my buddy's dad was in Love Boat. Yeah. Really? What was he in? Love Boat? Mm. He was a captain I think. What? He was the captain. Captain Steuben? Yeah, I think So. I don't know how to spell it. Yeah. Him. That was your buddy's dad. That guy Slung.


Yeah. I guarantee you That guy came inside. You Think dead at 90. He passed away. He was fucking until he was 88 and a half guaranteed. Oh No, this wasn't his dad then He just got on a boat. He fell in love on a boat and he was a captain. Yeah. That's it. That's it. I can't, no, my buddies. That was Something else you're gonna not continuing when you're like, no, I'm not lying. I'm not lying about any of these things. I love, there was a clip of Rio and Rogan when you were like, you're doing the Theo thing and you're like, my, I can't do the accent. Like man, these, these bees are just exploding. And Joe just starts laughing and you're like, yeah, they're exploding. He is like, whatcha talking about? Look it up Jamie. And everyone thinks you're a lot. And he goes, yeah, there's exploding bees.


And he goes, yeah. What? What do you mean? Every now and then I'm tell the truth. You gotta sprinkle away. You bring a piece of information that he doesn't have. That's when his mind is blown. How did you know this? Well he is a Library. Imagine going to bed when you're a library. Yeah. Yeah. He's a fucking library. It's like you go to the front desk, you're like, Hey, do you have this book? And he is like, lemme see what I have. And then he shows up with the information that he has for A pothead. He really remembers it quite a lot. Unfuck real. That's I think, I mean he has a lot of, he's Evaporating. He's a hard worker. But I think he's, he's, he just has a, he has an endless memory And a lust for knowledge. Yes. He wants to keep feeding it. Genuinely curious. Yeah. I'm already like, I know enough Dude. I know so little. And I gave up then I think that was my mo Ari Shafi.


We got the new Special America sweetheart. American sweetheart. And Netflix on Netflix. Congratulations man. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I wanted this one more regular people to see it and less YouTube people. Yeah. Even there's lower views on Netflix for people at my level. But, but But just take time for people to get to it too. Yeah. But then also just like, I'm trying to really get through with humor of like chill, chill. Everything's nice. So hopefully some people I've seen some people feel, hey, I put down the phone all day 'cause that's special. They're like great getting through to you. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause that's how they really captivate is you. Yeah. It's like man. Yeah. The closer is the darkest one. Yeah. Yeah. So get to the closer I guess.


And then I'm on tour. Cool. All over America. The farewell tour. Before I go backpacking, Man. That's gonna be nice dude. I'm out. Okay. As soon as we're done, I wanna suggest something to you. Okay. Yeah. I'm ready to take a suggestion. Yep. Thank you guys. S Sweetheart. Ari Shafi. His tour after the backpacking or before What? The tour? Yeah, tours now. And then I'm gonna end that and leave. It's just like, let's go a couple more months of hanging out in New York, having fun. And then like take off. Yeah, take off. And then, I don't know, but the at UV Tripping podcast will still come out. I'm gone. Okay. Banked. I'm already like 30 ahead. Oh. Just for this. Awesome. And what a great idea too. The, you just have, so it's all about trips to people able to taken.


Like one trip you took. Yeah. Come back. Tell me about a different trip. Come back, tell me. They were a different trip. But we stay in that place and it's not like, what am I supposed to do? It's like, what did you do? Right. I fell in love. I fucking, like Danny Polish was like, I had dengue fever and Laos spent the whole time in a sand floor hospital. Perfect. Tell me about it. Fuck. Yeah. Just, I just love it. Sometimes I finish the episodes and I just like sit there. I'm like, sigh. Like I want to go there. Yeah. And sometimes I'm like, that was bad. I didn't care. I think sometimes we do an episode, I'm like, how, how was that? So I like, that was the best ever. I'm like, you guys are fucking idiot. We're all idiots. Stupid shit up my mouth. It is fascinating how all, like you'll, the, the idea of planning a trip is so hectic.


And then you just plan it and then like the day comes, you're sitting on the plane and you're like, this is the best decision I ever made. It's The best. You're nervous. You're nervous. I'll do it later. If you just, my booker in Romania, he goes, I'm trying to go to Thailand. I couldn't go. And you know what? I'm buying a ticket and then I'm gonna force yourself to go from six months to now. Well if I have the ticket, I'm going. And he did and he went. And he is just like, and then that thing, if you get off the plane, you're still in an airport. It seems familiar, but when those sliding doors open, you go outside and there's a little smell difference. Yeah. And you just feel like the signs are a different color and you're just like, oh, here we go. It hits you. And you're like, Oh yeah. And you just gotta like get by. The cab drivers are trying to hustle you and you're just like, oh, it's, it's, they're just the best.


Yeah. God it's good. Yeah. We Had Hadda taxi took us in Vietnam straight to a bird, a animal place that had hookers in the back. So pet shop, front hooker bat. So how Did those go together? Just What a What a What a gr what a combo. Hey kid. Play with the puppies. Dad's gonna go in the back. It Was kinda like, you see those Pizza Hut, Baskin Robbins or whatever where there's that merger or whatever. Yeah. You're like, yeah. Huh. I'll take a couple of scoop scoops. A couple scoops in a wing. Yeah. Dude, I'll take a fucking piece of pie in a fucking and a gal. Alright, Shafi man, you endlessly continue to create content man.


And, and put your comment out in the world, man. And yeah, I trying to have fun. Yeah, you always do. Thanks. Thanks for coming and hanging out, man. Yeah. Great. See you buddy. Now I'm just on feel like these leaves I must be, when I reach.