
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


I wanna let you know we've restocked all your favorites on the Merch site. Everything is in stock. You can show up the oon store.com. And thank you so much for the support. I have some new tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Chicago, Illinois on April 24th at the Wintrust Arena, Fort Wayne, Indiana on April 26th at the Allen County War, Memorial Coliseum, and Miami, Florida on May 10th at the Kase Center. Get your tickets early, starting Wednesday, February 19th at 10:00 AM with presale code Rat King.


We also have tickets remaining in East Lansing, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station. Belton, Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Nashville, Tennessee, Winnipeg in the Canada, and Calgary in the Canada. All tickets at Theo Von dot com slash to Uur. Today's guest is from Los Alamos, New Mexico. He's a leader in the world of business and technology. He's an entrepreneur. He started scale ai, a company recently valued at $14 billion. He started it when he was only 19, and at 24 he became the youngest self-made billionaire in the world.


We talk about his company, the future of ai, and the role it plays in our human existence. This was super educational for me. I hope it is for you. I'm grateful for his time. Today's guest is Mr. Alexander Wang. Alexander Wang. Man, thanks for hanging out, bro. Yeah, thanks For having me. Yeah, Good to see you, dude. Last time was at the inauguration. Yeah. What'd you think of that? Like what were your thoughts after you left?


Because you and I ended up, we like left outta there and then went and got lunch together, which was kind of crazy. It was, there was a lot going on. Yeah, it was a Were you there the whole weekend? No, I just got there the day, the morning of the inauguration? Yeah. Were you there the whole weekend? I Was there the whole weekend. Yeah. No, I mean, I think at least for what we do, like for ai, the, the new administration is really excited about it and wants to make sure that we, we get it right as a country. So that was all great, but it was kind of a crazy, the whole like event, like everything was pretty crazy. I dunno, what'd you think? I mean, I, when I saw Connor McGregor show up, that's when I was like, shit is, where are we? It felt that's what like the most bizarre, I mean, you were there, Sam Altman was there.


I was just like, it was like, whoa, what happened here? And part of that's 'cause Alex Brustowitz, you know? Totally. Yeah. I mean, it's all 'cause of him that we all went, but just the fact that he would bring these people together, it kind of makes you question crossover. It's like, it's like in, in those like TV shows when you have those crossover episodes. Yeah. That's Kind of what it felt like. Oh yeah. When like the Harlem Globe Trotters and it would be like them versus like the Care Bears or Would, or whatever would show up. Exactly. Yeah. You know, like this. Yeah. This seems, yeah. Some cross pollination. Yeah. What'd you think when Connor showed up? Was that strange to see him? Like was there somebody you thought that was strange? Like you unique to see there for you? Well, yeah. I mean, you Connor, like the, the, the Pauls, I don't know.


The whole, the whole thing was pretty, pretty crazy. I see Sam all the time and I see, I see some of the tech people all the time. I mean, it was funny crossover and it was obviously like so many people flew in to be able to go to like the outdoor inauguration, right? Oh yeah. And So, I mean, there were so many people in the city. We ran into them obviously, but like, there were so many people in DC who were just around for the inauguration. So it was a, Yeah, I didn't even think about that all. There was a couple hundred thousand people probably there just got kind of displaced in a way. Yeah. And suddenly they're just in bars or whatever. Just like buying, like, there was like people I saw walking, just adult onesies and shit that said Trump or on the, just crazy shit. Yeah.


Yeah. Thanks for coming in, man. I'm excited to learn about ai. I know that that's a world that you're in. You're in the tech universe and you, you're from New Mexico, right? Yeah. And so when you grew up there, did you have like a strong sense of like science and technology? Was that like part of your world? Like did your parents like lead you into that? Like what was just some of your youth like there? Yeah, so both my parents are physicists and there's a, oh damn. I grew up in this town called Los Alamos where there's a, there's a, there's a national lab there. Did you watch Oppenheimer? Yeah. Yeah. So the, so all the New Mexico shots in Oppenheimer, that's exactly where I grew up. Oh dang. So it was like originally where all the scientists came together and, and did all the work at the atomic bomb.


And there's still this huge lab. That's basically the everybody I knew effectively, like their parents worked at the lab or, or somehow affiliate with the lab. It's Like Newville over there. Huh? Newville. Yeah. That's, is that, Is it scary like that? It was, you know, it is It at a level of mystery? Like is your prom like last night Under the Stars or something? Like there's A, there's this one museum. Well, the funny thing is like, first you hear, you hear this, you learn the story of the atomic bomb and the Manhattan Project, like basically every year growing up, because there's always like a day or a few days where, you know, there's a substitute teacher and they, they just, they just play the videos. Yeah. Oh yeah. So you're just Like, yeah. An alcoholic or something.


Yeah, yeah. And A recreational user, we use that term. That's crazy that, that just like every year you guys have like, yeah. Just like blast at Thursdays or whatever, and it's just, Yeah, you're just learning, you're learning again about the Manhattan project. And then there's a little, there's a little museum in town, which is like, you walk through and there's like a, a life-sized replica of the nukes. So it's, it's pretty wild. Yeah. And where did they drop the atomic bombs on? They dropped them on Asia, right? Hiroshima. They, yeah, they dropped him on in in Japan? Yeah. Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Is that, is it crazy being like Semias Asian part Asian?


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. My, my parents are Chinese. Oh, nice man. Is it crazy being Asian and then having that hap happen to Asian people with the bond? Like is that a weird thing there? It's nothing. No, I don't think So. I mean, I think the thing is like, you know, I, so there weren't, I didn't grow up with very many Asians. 'cause the, in that town it was, you know, it's, it was in New Mexico. There's very few Asians in New Mexico, So I was one of the only Asian kids in my class growing up. And so I didn't think that much about it, honestly. But then like, but it is super weird, you know, you grow up and you learn about this very advanced technology that had this like, really, really big impact on the world.


And I think that shaped, Yeah, it's like the scientific John Jones over there. Really? He's new Mexican, isn't he? He's He lives in Albuquerque. Yeah. Oh, he does? I think he does. Yeah. Oh, sweet man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. That I, so you, so you're there, there's this, there's this energy always there of this creation. And so probably the possibility of creation maybe was always in the air. I'm just wondering like, how did you get formed, kind of, you know, like what's your origin story? Kind of, it Was super scientific. 'cause 'cause you know, there was always these, there were all these like, presentations around what were the new kinds of science that were going on at the lab. So there's all these chemistry experiments and these different like earth science experiments and physics experiments. And my mom studied like plasma and like pla how plasma, you know, worked inside of stars and stuff like that.


So it was just the wildest stuff. And you would talk to people's par people, you like, I would talk to my classmates or I talk to their parents about what they're working on is always some crazy science thing. So that was, wow, that was really cool. 'cause 'cause everybody in that town basically is all, they're all working on some kind of crazy scientific thing. And so you kind of, I mean, I feel like I grew up feeling like, you know, anything was possible in that way. Like, yeah. 'cause the rest of us in other communities, shitty communities or whatever, we're just making that volcano or whatever, you know what I'm saying? We're doing like grassroots level bullshit, you know? Dang, that's gotta be wild.


So every, you see somebody just sneaking behind an alley and buying a bit of uranium and shit like that in your neighborhood. That's gotta be kind of unique. I remember there was someone from our town who did, who did a science fair project called, it's called like Great Balls of Plasma. And for the science, literally for the science fair, this was in like high school for the science fair. They made like huge balls of plasma in their garage. And I was like, what the heck? Like this is, we're all just doing this in, in high school. Damn. So did you feel competitive or did you just feel like hyper capable? Like did you feel like kind of advanced just in your studies? Like when you were young? Like did you in class you like, oh, some of this stuff's kind of coming easy to me.


I ended up, what, what I did is there was, I ended up getting really competitive about math in particular. Yeah. And so, so my sport was math, which is kind of crazy. That Braze son. I know, I feel you. And it was because when I was in middle school, when I was in sixth grade, there was this one math competition where if you, if you got top four in the state, state of New Mexico, then you would get an all expense paid trip to Disney World. And, and I remember as a sixth grader, like that was the most motivating thing I could possibly imagine, was like an all expense paid trip to Disney World.


Yeah. And then Did you win it? I Got, I won it. I got fourth place, So I snuck in there. Qualifier, snuck in. Yeah. I, and then I went to, and then we went to Florida, to Disney World. And I, I hadn't traveled, like, I didn't travel around too much growing up. Like I mostly was in New Mexico and we did some road trips around the southwest. So I remember getting to Florida and it was extremely humid. It was like, it, I never felt what humidity felt like when I landed in Florida. I was like, oh, this feels bad. And then I Did it. Yeah, it definitely does. Yeah. I, it's funny 'cause I grew up inhuman, dude. Like, you would, like, you try to shake somebody's hand and you couldn't even land it because it was just not enough viscosity.


Just too much lube in a handshake. You'd sit there for 10 minutes trying to land a handshake. You know, everybody was always dripping, you know, all the time. People, you always thought they were scared or something, or they were kind of geeked up off a gas station dope or something. But people were just, it was humid. Oh yeah. You get really humid over there. So then I became, so then I became a athlete. That was like a big part of my identity was being a athlete. And I would, And you have to wear a vest. Like what do you guys do? Is there an out is there a uniform for that? Or, Well, you, you need a, you have a calculator. Okay. So everyone had their favorite calculator. Okay. You got that Draco on you baby. I feel you keep strapped. Yeah. You stay strapped at that thing. And then, but, but outside of that, not really.


I mean, like, everyone had their favorite like pencil, you know, you're, your pencil, your calculator, that was your gear. And, but yeah, no, I, I was, I was like a, a nationally ranked athlete for, for middle school high school. That was my, that, that was my jam. Yeah. And is it, what's that math circle like? Is there, wow, that's crazy, dude. So you go to, what, are there competitions you go to with Them? There's competitions? Yeah. Yeah. There's like, there's like state level competitions. There's national level competitions, there's like these summer camps, math camp. I went to math camp a bunch of times. Damn. Where you, where you convene with like-minded athletes. Oh damn. Okay. Wow. Fucking wizards in the park.


Couple dudes fucking fighting over a common denominator in the lobby. That's crazy, bro. But then you're, but just like any other sport, like, you're like, it's competitive. Yeah. You know, you gotta like, you gotta win. And, and so, so you're chummy with everyone, but you're also like, we're like, who's gonna win? You know? Yeah. No dude. Competition's amazing, man. That's one thing that's too, that's so nice. I think about when you're young is like, if you're involved in a sport or a group or whatever, it was just the, just that chance to be competitive, you know? Yeah. What are, what were like some of the competitions at the math thing? Like what's a, what's a math competition like when you get there? So you, the ones in the middle school, middle school were actually more fun 'cause there's like, there's almost like a jeopardy style buzzer competition and stuff like that.


But, but in high school, once you get to high school, it's just, you just take a test and you just, it's like the, the biggest one in America is called the UMO Bring it up. U-S-M-O-U-S-A-M-O. Okay. And, and it's like people all around the country take this test and there's a, and United States of American mathematical Olympiad. Okay. Yeah. There you go. Okay. A participant must be either US citizen or a legal resident. Us. Okay. And then go On and then, and then you, and then it's a nine hour test. Damn. It's split over two days. It's nine hours. You, you, it's four and a half hours and it's nine hours and you have six problems.


So it's kind of nerve wracking. And you get in there, you have four and a half hours the first day, four and a half hours the second day. Can You cheat in between the days? Can you just go home and No, you, because you only get three questions the first day and then you only get three questions the next day. Wow. They Figured it out. I remember the first time I took it, I was in, I think I was, I was in eighth grade, first time I took it. And I like, I was like so nervous and I just, I like brought a thermos full of coffee and I drank so much coffee that like, it was four and a half hours felt like, like year. It was like, I was so jittery the whole time. It was, it was crazy. Dang out there rattling brother. Oh, integers make me rattle brother.


I feel you on that, dude. So that's pretty, so, so, so you're competitive and so you get out of there and you're obviously, I guess admired in the world of math probably. Or that's, that's like a thing that, like that you can point that that's like a pin that you, a feather in your cap. So that, that helps you get into MIT, right? Yep. Yep. Okay. So then, yeah, in MIT on the MIT admissions, they ask for your, like, competitive math scores. So if you're so, So you knew a lot of kids going there? Probably. 'cause it was Tons of kids. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Tons of kids. It was like a reunion. It was like math camp reunion. Damn. 'cause I was wondering where all y'all were at, dude, because we were doing some other shit, you know what I'm saying?


My, yeah. We were not God. That's where all the smart kids were. That's fascinating man. And so then, yeah, I was at MIT and then MIT is like a really intense school because they, you know, the classes they don't fuck around with. They just really, like, they load you up with tons of work and most of the time you have, you, you like, they load you up with like huge amounts of work and they, you know, you, you, you don't really know what's going on initially. And so you're just kinda like, you're just trying to make it through. But you know, there's this motto that, that MIT has called I-H-T-F-P, which among the student stands for, I hate this fucking place. Oh yeah.


It's heavy, huh? Yeah. But then, but then the school, when you go, they tell you, oh, it stands for I've truly found paradise. So, oh, So a couple differences of opinion. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. So it's so it's really severe there, there's a lot of work. They load you down outta the gate. You do a, you do a lot of work. But it's, it's kind of awesome. I mean, 'cause 'cause I think the students really band together like you, like, instead of like, I think instead of it being competitive really, MIT is much more about like, everybody kind of like coming together, working on problems together, working homework together and just kind of like making it through together. What's that social life like there? Like are you dating, are you going to parties? What's that like for you?


At that time? It's A bunch of parties because people, like MIT there's a lot of people who like tinkering with gadgets. So like, tinkering with like, you know, lights and big speakers and DJ sets and all this stuff. So actually the parties are pretty good. 'cause they're like, the production value is high. The production quality is high. Damn. And then what about when the science kids come through the lab dogs? Are they bringing, are people making like unique drugs? Was there like designer drugs that are being created by actual people? Like, just because, you know what I'm saying? Like, my friends in college, none of us would know how to do that. But there may be somebody at a smart, at a more prestigious school that would know how. Was that a thing even? Or is that just, There's one, there was one part of the campus called East Campus.


Yeah. Where it was like, it was more fringe. And so there was like, at one point in the school year, they would, in their courtyard, they would build a gigantic catapult. Like a huge catapult. Like a trebuchet. Like a trebuchet. Yeah. What's the difference between, I don't know what the difference, Yeah, let's get the difference there. 'cause people need to know this anyway. People have, for decades now, people have been A trebuchet has a, like a rope attached to the end of it that flings it. Where a catapult just launches it. No, it was a catapult then. Okay. Like a big, 'cause there's a big co there was a big like, like ice cream scooper. Oh yeah. Looking thing that would like, that would fling It. And what are they just flinging Adderall into the rest of the campus. They would fling stuff into the river, which I don't think, now that I'm thinking about it, I feel like, I don't know what the Yeah, no, these giant, this giant like catapult things.


Yeah. And, and so this was like a event that would go on and people would kind of rave there. What are you saying? Yeah, they would do this, they would do other things. There, there were like, they were into, they would like build a lot of stuff over there. And there would be Like people that ended up at Burning Man later on kinda. Yes. Yes. That was the burning, that was Core Burning Man. Like there was a, there was a Satanic ritual floor. Oh yeah, yeah. Like a lot of, a lot of like, it's fringe cool. It, it's cool. Right. But, but there, yeah. So there's all these parties. We, we bragged at MIT that, you know, people from all the neighboring schools. 'cause Boston is a huge college town. Like tons and tons, tons of Yeah. Boston's an amazing city. Yeah. But no, MIT was fun, but I was only there. I was at MIT for one year. Right. And you dropped out.


Is that safe to say? Yeah. Okay. You dropped out and then you, so you got into ai, into the AI world. Is that kind of a safe bridge to say? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Is there, and I want to ask this, 'cause I know Mark Zuckerberg dropped out of college. You dropped outta college. Both you guys have had success in tech and kind of, you know, forward thinking that sort of world. Is there something in college that you felt like didn't nurture you? Or did you just feel like, this isn't the place for me? Do you feel like college doesn't nurture a certain type of thinker? Or was it just a personal choice? I think for me it was like, I was just feeling really impatient and I don't really know why, really.


But I remember, like, I remember I was in school the first year. I, it was, it was really fun and, and I really enjoyed it. But then I remember, you know this in the year when I was at MIT was one of the first, like, it was like one of the early big moments in AI because it was, I don't even remember this, but there was an AI that beat the world champion at Go, this was in 2015, which when I was in college At Go, and that was a game. Yeah. Go. It's like a, it's like a big checkerboard with like white and Black Stones. It's like a, and it was, yeah, this, this game Alpha Go versus Lisa Doll.


So Alpha Go versus Lisa Doll, also known as the Deep Mind Challenge Match was a five game go match between Top Go Player, Lisa Doll and Alpha Go, A Computer Go program developed by DeepMind. Played in Seoul, South Korea between nine and 15, between nine ninth and 15th of March, 2016 Alpha. That Was confusing how that's Written. It is very confusing. Huh? Confus, you think that Yeah, we gotta Alpha Go won all but the fourth game, all games were won by resignation. The match has been compared with the historic chess match between Deep Blue and Gary Kasparov. Huh. The winner of the match was say to win $1 million since Alpha Go won Google Deep Mind stated that the prize will be donated to charities including UNICEF and usaid.


That's just a joke. That's just, but Lee received $150,000 for playing. So this was a big moment because this had never kind of happened before. Never happened, yeah. And it was, it was a big moment for, for ai. It was like, oh wow, this stuff is like, it's really happening. And so then this happened in March and I guess, yeah, I dropped out, started my company in May. So I guess two months after this I was, I was, yeah, that's what the game looks like. Oh, I've, I've played this game before. It's honestly, it's a really, like, I'm not very good at the game. It's a little more fun than playing chess unless you're like, you know, in a like, renaissance Fair board games or Whatever.


Yeah, yeah. Okay. So now we got you, you are loose, dude. You are out of the school and you're in the world. You see. Did, did that match, did realizing that kind of like spur, you don't wanna leave school? Or did it, was that just something that happened around the same time? It, it kind of did, basically it was, it was, I remember feeling like, oh wow, ai it's happening. And this was back in 2016, so like 8, 8, 9 years ago. Okay. And then I felt like I Had Hadda, you know, basically that, that inspired me to start my company. And I moved, I basically went straight from, I remember this, I was, I flew straight from Boston to San Francisco and then started the company basically.


And that's scale ai. Scale ai. Okay. And so did you, had you been following ai, like what are your kind of jour, like are you just like new, like this is where it's going? Like you just felt there was something you, an instinct that you trusted or like, because that's a big thing to do. I was stuck. So I took all the AI classes at MIT. Okay. So you already learning a lot about it. Yep. And then there was one class where you Had Hadda, like on all the classes, you Had Hadda do side projects or final projects of some kind. And in one of them I wanted to build a, like a camera inside my refrigerator that would tell me when my roommates were stealing my food Wang boy catching them Whang boy.


Wow. And, but then, So I worked on that. And then it was, there was one moment where, where I was like, there was like, there was a moment that clicked where I was trying to build this thing. And then there was one step that was like, too easy. I was like, whoa, that just worked right there. And then that happened and then the, the go match happened and I was like, this, this stuff is happening. And So I Did you ever market those refrigerators? Did you ever actually create that? I didn't market them. No. Damn Dude. I could totally see that, bro. There's a refrigerator, every dorm has it where there's a camera built in and you just get, you're in, you get a notification on your phone, you know, you're like, damn, Adnan's got my hummus, you know, but you got video of 'em right there, dude, that's a great idea.


Yeah. I Love that. That was, that was, that was college me. Yeah, that was. Okay. So Alexander Wang, he's free in the world now. He's headed to San Francisco. He's AIed up. He feels the energy, he's motivated by some of the classes he took. He's motivated by seeing that AI is starting to actually overtake humans, right. Or, or be able to compete with actual human thinking with the chess match. Yeah, I would, the way I would think about it, or the way I thought about the time was like, this is, this is becoming, I, you know, people have been talking about AI for decades. Like it's kind of been always been one of these things that people have, have said, oh, it's gonna happen. But it never really was happening. And it felt like it was, you know, it was really about to Happen.


About artificial intelligence. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. 'cause I've always heard about artificial intelligence. That's what I have. So I've always been like, No, you have, you are, you have real intelligence, not artificial real Intelligence. I don't, I mean, So I think it's a, it's probably a mix, but I see what you're saying. You know, I do, you know what I thought of the other day, it was like, what if they had like a Mexican version and it was like, hey, I, I dunno if that's a good, that's a good joke or not, but thank you. That's a nice laugh.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. What are some of your relationship green flags? That's a good question. What are things you notice in your relationship that are like, yes, this is positive, this is good, we're headed in the right direction. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid, but what if we focused more on looking for green flags in friends and partners? If you're not sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy yourself. I've personally benefited from therapy over the years. I think one of the things that's helped me with is just noticing some of my patterns. Noticing when I let something small turn into something big and being able to cut it off at the past so it doesn't happen anymore. BetterHelp can help you. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Discover your relationships, green flags with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/t.


Are you struggling to keep your website and digital marketing up to date while running your business? Now you can relax and binge on unlimited web design services with Modiphy. Enjoy unlimited support, a quick turnaround and your own designated designer. Modiphy has done my website for years and they're incredible. Sign up with Modiphy today. They make life easier and business better. Visit Modiphy dot com slash theo, that's M-O-D-I-P-H y.com/t for 50% off the last website you'll ever need. That's Modiphy dot com slash theo.


What is ai? Yeah, so, so AI is all about, you know, basically programming computers to be able to start thinking like humans. So, you know, traditional computer programming, you know, it's pretty, it's pretty bare bones, not very smart. And so AI is all about can you have, can you build algorithms that start to be able to think like people and, and replicate some of the, like, our brains are these incredible, incredible things. You know? And that's, that's evolution. That's just biology that created our brains. And so it's all about how can we, how can we build something similar to that or replicate it using, using computers and machines.


And so the whole, you know, the, the, the whole modern AI era really started around an era called computer vision. But it was like, how can we first get computers to see like, like humans do? So one of the very first, so, you know, one of the very first AI projects was this thing called ImageNet. ImageNet and later AlexNet. And it was basically, can you get computer programs like given a photo to tell you what's in that photo? I see. So just like a human would, like if you showed them this. Yep. So you're starting to train them to have a perspective Yeah.


Train them to, well, actually originally, like you could, like let's say you took a photo of this, of this bottle, a machine wouldn't even be able to tell you what's in the photo. It would just know what the pixels were, but it wouldn't be able to tell you like, oh, there's a bottle in that, in that photo. So the, you know, one of the first AI breakthroughs was when YouTube built an algorithm that could tell when there were cats in their videos. And that was like this, you know, in like 2012 or 2011, this was like this mind blowing breakthrough Yeah. That you could like figure out, you could like use an algorithm to figure out when there was a cat inside a, inside a video. And so ai, it started pretty simply with just how do we replicate, you know, vision?


Like how do you replicate like our, basically the fact that our eyes and our brains can like process all this imagery coming in. And that really led to I think one of the first major use cases of ai, which is self-driving cars. So this was it when we, when I started the company in 2016, self-driving cars were all the rage because, you know, it was, you know, there were all these like skunk works projects. When You started scale ai, you mean? Yeah, when I started scale ai. So when You, so when you kind of got into ai Yep. At that time, self-driving cars are the, are the most popular things. Yeah. Yep. Okay. That was all the rage. And so it was, it was all about can you know, can we start building algorithms that can drive a car like a human would and do it safely and do it, you know, more efficiently and that way instead of you.


That was, that was one of the first major areas. Okay. And then now, you know, I, the whole, the whole industry has moved so fast, but then all of a sudden we got chat GPT and we got, you know, more advanced stuff more recently that, that is able to talk like a human or sort of think like a human. And so it's really come pretty far recently, but all of it is about how do you build algorithms? How do you use machines to be able to think like a person? Okay. And is it a pro, like say if I opened a door, like, like, oh, we keep the AI in there. Is it a computer, is it a program? Is it a hard drive? Like what, like what is that?


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So there's two parts. There's two parts to it. So the first part is you need really advanced chips. So you need like, like these, they're called GPUs or sometimes called GPUs or, you know, there's a lot of different words for it, but you need like, the most advanced computer chips in the world. Okay. And they, How big is each one? Do you know? Like, Or is it like, or can you measure it like that? They, I mean, the biggest ones are actually, like, the whole chips are like, you know, oh, big a brick. But they, they're like a, they're like a, like a wafer kind of thing, but then you, you put a lot of them all together. Okay. So these Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Wow.


These, like, these chips and the the biggest ones are are Yeah, exactly. That's a little one. That's a little one. Those really big ones. Okay. But these are the, so this is the, these are the brain cells of it. Yep. These are, these are the brains behind it. Yeah. So then Yeah, exactly. These are some, those are some big ones. So then, so you Have to have a lot of these chips. So You need a ton of these chips. And that's, that's kind of the, the, like that's the physical presence. And then, and then by the way, they take a huge amount of energy. They're really, they, because they have, you have to do a lot of, you know, calculations and there's a lot of math that has to happen on them. And so, and you have, you have giant basically data centers buildings full of like tons and tons of those chips just in giant rows.


Like how big are we talking warehouses? Yeah. The biggest one, I mean like, like Elon's data center Colossus is like, I mean, it's probably more than a million. It's definitely more than a million square feet. I mean it's like, just Huge what really? Yeah. Yeah. Look up Colossus from Here. I've never known this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That, that you see that building with the sunset second Row? Yeah. Yeah. There We go. Right there. Or the one to the left. Oh no. Yeah, There you go. That one. Yeah. Look, it's like a huge ass building. What? It's huge. And all that's just filled with chips. Have you ever been in there? I haven't been in that one, but I, I've been in some of these and this just, yeah. And this is what it looks like inside?


Yeah. Basically. Yeah. Wow. So it's just rows and rows of chips. So No plants or anything? Yeah, no, no plants. No plants. It gets hot in there, So I bet. So the first part is just the, the, that's the physical presence. And then the second part are the algorithms. So then you have, like on top of those chips, you have, you have software that, that's running. And the, the algorithms are just all, are like what you actually are telling, what's the math that you're telling to happen on the chips? And those algorithms are, you know, some of the, you know, most complicated algorithms that humans have ever come up with. And that's kind of the, that's kind of the software part, or that's kind of the, that's the part that like, you know, exists on the internet or you could download or whatnot.


And then it has to be run on these like, huge warehouses of giant of giant ships. Okay. So when someone goes to like scale AI or chat GPT, these are all AI interfaces or what are they? They're, Yeah, so, so yeah, like chat GPT is a, is a way to be able to talk to, basically you can talk to the algorithm. Okay. So you can start interacting directly with the algorithm. You can see how the algorithm is thinking. So you could say to this, can you describe the weather today? Exactly. Yeah. And if you said that to five different AI company or AI companies, basically. Yeah. Or AI algorithms, different different AI systems.


Yeah. So if you said there's five different AI systems, you might get a little bit of a varied answer. Little bit. Yeah. Okay. You'll get, you'll get, because they all are trying to have their own style and have their own vibe to it. Interesting. And then what we do, what, what scale AI is all about is we've kind of built the, almost like the Uber of ai. Okay. So a lot of what we're trying to do is how do we, so how do we help produce data that is improving these algorithms? And just like how Uber, there's, there's, Okay, you're losing me there a little. Yeah, yeah. It's okay. But if I slow down the, if I, if I, if you're losing me, I, but so explain that to me a little bit clearer for me. Yeah, Yeah. So, so, okay. So with these algorithms, one key ingredient for these algorithms is data.


Okay? So, Okay. So you have the chips and everything that are, that are storing all the information Yep. That are storing the data. Yep. And then you have the algorithms that are helping mediate between the user and the data. Yeah. So basically you kind of have, yeah, you have three, you have three key pieces. Okay. So you have the, you have the computational virus for the chips. Okay. You have the chips, you have the data, which is like just tons and tons of data that that's where the algorithms are learning the patterns from. Okay. So these algorithms, they aren't just like, they don't just learn to talk randomly. They learn it from learning to talk from how humans talk. Right. Got it. So you need tons and tons of data, and then you have the algorithms which learn from all that data, and then they run on top of the chips.


Got it. So then one of the big challenges in the industry is, okay, how are you gonna produce all this data? And so this Is like, how are you gonna get data for your Yeah. System. Like how do you farm the best data? How do exactly how do you build, how do you build all that data and how do you do that in the most effective way? How do you build new data? So, and clean data, because what if you get a bunch of data in there that's just a bunch of advertisements and bullshit? Will that affect the output? A hundred percent. Yeah. That definitely affects the, the output. So this whole data, so data is, is, you know, some people say like, data is the new oil or data's the new gold. Like data is really, really valuable because it's, it's how the algorithms are learning everything that they're learning.


Like any, anything that the algorithms know or learn or, or say or do, all that has to come from the data that goes into it. Okay. So, so if I ask the, if I ask a system, an AI system a question, or ask it to help me with something, help me to, to design something or to curate an idea, it's gonna use the data that it has within it Yep. To respond to me and help me and help gimme an answer that I can use. And it's only, and the data it has in it is only based upon the data that is put into it. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Wow. Yeah. So then, so yeah, it's kind of, so then we don't talk, you know, we don't spend enough time talking about where does all, you know, how are you gonna get this data?


Yeah. And how are you gonna keep making new data? So the, the angle that we took at scale was to kind of turn this into an opportunity for people. So we're, you know, we're kind of like the Uber for ai. So just like how Uber you have, you know, riders and drivers for us, we have, you know, we have the AI systems, you know, the algorithms that need data, and then we have a community of people, a network of people who help produce the data that go into the system, and they get paid to do that. Ah, so they're almost data farming, like creating good data Or creating good data. Exactly. Interesting. So, and it's, and it's huge.


It's like, so we do this through our platform called Outlier. Okay. And outlier last year, people, contributors, we call them contributors and outlier, earned about $500 million total across everybody in the US that's across 9,000 different towns. And So it created a lot of jobs for People. A Lot of jobs. Okay. And so what would, okay, so scale was your company scale ai, it's an AI system. Yep. Is that right? So We, yeah, I mean the, yeah. Scale AI is an AI system. Yep. Okay. And then outlier Yep. Is a separate company that's works with it.


Yep. And that is where you are hiring people. We, yeah. We, we basically To pull in data Yeah. We, we build this platform that anybody, you know, a lot of people all frankly all around the world, but Americans too can log on and, and help build data that goes into the algorithms and get paid to do so. Wow. Yeah. So how, and, and how does a user do that? Like, what is an example of somebody who's helping build data for an AI database? Yeah. Let's say you're a nurse, like you're a nurse with like, tons of, tons of experience. So you know a lot about how to take care of people and take care of, of people who are sick or, you know, have issues and whatnot.


And so you, you could log onto the system and, and the, and our platform. And you could see that the algorithm is, you know, let's say you ask the algorithm like, Hey, I have a, you know, I have a pain in my, in my stomach, what should I do? And you notice that the algorithm says the wrong thing, like the algorithm says, oh, just, you know, hang out and, and you know, it'll go, it'll go away. Yeah. And you know, as a nurse, like that's wrong. Like I, you know, you have to, you have to go to the emergency room because you might have appendicitis or you might have, you know, you might have something really bad. And so you would, as a nurse, you would go in and you would basically correct all these mistakes that the AI system has, and then that would then feed it back into the algorithm.


So that's smarter the next time. So it's kind of this, this continual process of, and there's versions of that for whatever your expertise is or whatever, you know, you know more about then Anything. Everything. Everything. Exactly. Wow. So And so people get paid for that. Yeah. Yeah. They get paid. And how do you know if their information is valuable or not? Well, we, so we don't want spam, obviously. So we, we, we have a lot of systems to make sure that people aren't spamming. And that, like you're saying, it's not, it's not, you know, it's not garbage in that's going into the, into the algorithms. So we have, you know, we have kind of like, people check the work of other people to make sure that the AI systems are really good. And we have some like, automated systems that, that check this stuff.


But, but for the most part it's, it's like, it's really broad. Like we want experts in anything, everything, Shellfish, train tracks, whatever. Yeah, exactly. Gelatin, everything. Childhood death or Whatever. Yeah, totally. Stars, galaxies, whatever. Animals, big animals. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. So, wow. So it's kind of like your data is almost like an ocean or a body of water. And you, different places are gonna be able to keep their body of water cleaner or dirtier and different infections could get in different spyware, all types of stuff. So, and if you have the really a clean body of water, then you're gonna be able to offer a clean data or a certain type of data to people who are using your AI platform.


Exactly. Does that make sense or not? Yeah, Yeah. Totally. And our job is like, how do we make sure that this body of water is as clean as possible and we fill it up as much as possible that it has as much information about everything across the globe. Wow. So is there almost a, a race for information right now in a weird way? Or no? Is that not it There A little bit. Yeah. I think that there's a, well there's a race for Teach, like how are different AI systems competing against each other? And sorry to interrupt you. Yeah, no, no. So the, there's a, there's, it's, it goes back to the three things I mentioned. So there's kind of like three dimensions that, that they're all competing against One another one is chips. So who could, who is the most advanced chips? Who's the, the biggest buildings of chips?


Like, who is the most chips that they're utilizing data? So the kind of body of water. Who's body of water is better, cleaner, you know, healthiest, biggest, et cetera. And then the last is algorithms. So who's, and this is where the scientists really come in. It's like, okay, who's coming up with the cleverest algorithms or who has like a trick on an algorithm that somebody else doesn't have? Like, who's doing that to basically make the AI learn better off of the data that it has? Wow. God, I'm in the future right now. That's so why, man, it's just, it's so crazy. And I think AI scares people. 'cause the future scares people, right? It's like that's one of the scariest things sometimes is the future.


So I think a lot of times people you associate, 'cause a lot of times when people mention ai, there's a little bit of fear it seems like, from people. Yeah. There's fear that it's gonna take jobs. There's fear that it's gonna take over the, our ability to think for ourselves. Yeah. There's just kind of some general uncertainty there, like is just, and it kind of feels like fear a lot of times, but a lot of times fear is just a lack of knowledge. Right. And not a lack of knowledge because you didn't want to know just 'cause you don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Or, or that you're dumb, but just 'cause you don't know what are, what are positive things that we're gonna see with ai. Right. I wanna start there. Yeah. So I think first, like we don't, the AI industry, we don't do the best job explaining this.


And I think sometimes we make it seem all sci-fi and, and, and genuinely we we're part of the problem in making it seem scary. Right. But, you know, one thing for example, is like, I think AI AI's actually gonna create a ton of jobs and that story's not told enough. But, you know, these jobs that we're producing or this, this sort of, this opportunity that we're providing on our platform outlier. Like, that's only gonna grow as AI grows. So, 'cause you have to have new data. You have to have new data. Yeah. And the only place you can get new data is from people will, will, at a certain point, would the system be able to create, it can probably matriculate data or matriculate. Is that with birthing or what is that?


Yeah, it just moves through. Like, Okay, it can probably like quantify or, and, and, and give you answers, but it can AI create new data? No. So I think, well, it can do a little bit of that. So it can, AI can help itself create its own data and, and help itself a little bit, but ultimately most of the progress is gonna come from, you know, people Right. Who are able to help really the model get better and smarter and more capable at all these, all these different areas. Ah, Yeah. I didn't see that part of it. I didn't understand that we are the ones who are giving it information. And since we're gonna continue to learn, I would assume that we would be able to help continue to help it Learn.


Yeah. And the world's gonna keep changing and we're gonna need to be able to keep teaching the, the algorithms keep teaching the models about how the world's changing. So in, you know, this is actually a, a big thing that I think most people don't understand. The people who are getting the opportunity now, who are earning money from it see it. But as AI grows, there's actually gonna be tons of jobs created along the way and tons of opportunity for people to help improve AI systems or control AI systems or overall sort of be a part of the, the technology not just sort of disenfranchised by it. Okay. So like, yeah. So what were, what are you, do you feel like are other ways, like if you Had Hadda look into the future a little bit, right?


So you have the fact that people are gonna be able to add more data, right? Yep. And add nuances to data. Yep. Right? And and probably humanize data a little bit. Yeah, Totally. And then you're also gonna have what I think you're gonna have a lot of, a lot of jobs around, you know, as AI starts doing all these little things throughout the world, who's gonna keep watch of those AI and who's gonna make sure that those AI are, aren't doing something that we don't want them to do. So almost like managing the ais and, and keeping watch over all the AI systems, that's gonna be another thing that we're gonna have to do.


And then, and then it's So somebody to kind of guide the river a little bit Yeah. At certain point, guide the stream, stay in there, watch, make sure that answers are correct. Make sure the information is honest. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like I think for example, you know, we're not gonna just have ais going around and you know, you know, buying stuff and doing crazy things and like, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna keep it controlled, right? Like as a society, I think we're gonna keep it controlled as a technology and I think there's gonna be a lot of jobs for people to make sure that the AI doesn't go out and do crazy things that we don't want it to do.


Right. So we wanna be So you're gonna need managers, you're gonna need facilitators. Yeah, Exactly. Okay. What are things that AI will alleviate? Like what are things that, like will it eventually be able to have enough information like, or da data where, where it can, like cure diseases and stuff like that? Like is that a realistic thing? Yeah, That's super real. Wow. Like cancer even. Yeah, cancer, yeah. Heart disease, like all these, all these diseases. Oh boy. Yeah. Cancer on its heels, But, But sorry, Antonio Brown. Antonio Brown was just here. I think there's still some smoke in the air, so, No, but seriously, I think that ai, one thing that we've seen, which is this is kind of wild, but AI understands like molecules and biology better than humans do actually, because it's like, like there, there's this, there's this thing in AI where, you know, it used to take a, like a PhD biologist, like, you know, five years to do something that the AI can, can just do in, you know, a few minutes, right?


And that's because the, like, just the way that molecules and biology and all of that works is something that that AI happens to be really good at, and that's gonna help us ultimately cure diseases, find, you know, pharmaceuticals or other treatments for these diseases and ultimately help humans live longer because That's very data driven, right? Like that that's very specific. It's very mathematic. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So it's gonna be a huge tool for us to, to cure disease, for us to help educate people, for us to, you know, there's a lot of, a lot of really exciting uses for ai, but I think the kind of, I think the thing that will touch most people in their lives is it's really gonna be a, like a tool that'll help you, you know, make all of your, sort of, make all your dreams kind of become reality, if that makes sense.


So, So I think one of the things that AI is gonna be really awesome for is like, you know, today if I, I have like a million ideas, right? I have like, you know, thousands and thousands of ideas and I only have so much time, So I can only really do, you know, a few of 'em at a time. And most of the ideas just go to die, right? Yeah, They do, huh? Yeah. That's A bummer. It's a huge bummer. Yeah. And I think a lot of people, you know, for whatever reason, they may have some of the best ideas ever, but they just, you know, they're too busy or they have like, other shit going on in their lives, they can't make those ideas happen. And it's great what sometimes when people are able to make the leaps and make them happen and like devote themselves to their dreams. But, but that doesn't happen enough today.


And one of the things that AI is gonna help us do, I I legitimately think so, is it's gonna help us turn these ideas into reality much more easily. Hmm. So, you know, you can, like, you know, you're making a movie, let's say you have another movie idea, you can say you can ultimately, I think you'll be able to tell an ai, Hey, I have this idea for a movie. What could that look like? You know, maybe draft up a script also, who are the people who can help, you know, fund this idea? Like who, who those people be, can you help reach out to them? And then like, you know, who should we cast in it? Basically help make the whole thing a, you know, instead of this like, daunting thing that these big projects, they're, they're usually so daunting and you really don't know where to get started and you kind of need a person to help you get through them instead of that AI will help you get through it and like help do a lot of the, the sort of less glamorous work to make them a reality.


Wow. So I could say for example, like, like ai, I would like to shoot, maybe I'm thinking about creating an idea or shooting a film in this area, or, or it's like this, it's gonna take place in this type of place. I could give it the setting. I could give it like a, a, a outline of the characters, like what they look like, their ages and some description. Could you help give me possible potential actors or something within a certain price range that I could maybe cast for that? Yeah. Could you help give me like, locations around the country that would fit that backdrop? Yep. Could you list me all the talent agencies that I could reach out to?


And you could kind of just put those things in and then you would have sort of a, a bit of a guidebook at that point that would make your, yeah. What before was something that felt extremely daunting. Yeah. Shit. In two minutes, you know, and then you put it into ai, it gives you the information back in a few minutes, and maybe you're, And I think, I think over time it'll also be able to start doing a lot of the legwork for you. Okay. So it'll be able to reach out to people for you. It'll be able to, you know, figure out the logistics. It'll be able to, to book things for you. Like, it'll be able to basically help do all the legwork to make it make, you know, whatever it is into a reality. So very much an assistant in a lot of ways. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hmm. An assistant co-pilot.


You know, the, the hot word in the AI world is agents, but, you know, it's just, it, it'll be something that'll help you. You know, you humans are gonna be in control. Humans are ultimately gonna be telling Theis what they want it to do. And then, you know, Hey, what do we want? What do we want these AI to do? It's ultimately gonna be to like, help us execute on and accomplish all these ideas that we have. So a genius could be three or four xd. If somebody's a, like a genius in something, in some realm or space of thought, you could three or four X them. Yeah. Because totally. They like multiply their, their output Yeah. From their own brain, because they could have something really helping them Yeah. Get done. A lot of the, like, the early work on things and maybe some of the most severe work.


Yeah, totally. Like one, I think one thing that I always feel like kind of sucks is that if you have a director you really like, they're only gonna make a movie once every couple of years. So even if you have a director that you like, think is amazing, you know, they just, it's hard for them to make that many movies. Like, 'cause it just takes so much time and effort and, you know, there's so many bottlenecks and stuff. So in a future with, you know, more advanced AI systems, they could, they could just churn them out and they could, they can make so many of their ideas into a reality. And I think that's true. Not only in creative areas, but it's kind of true across the board. Like, you know, you can start new businesses more easily. You can, you know, you can make various creative projects that you have happen more easily.


You can make, like, you can, you can finally plan that event that you and your friends have been talking about for like, you know, years and years. So it can just like, really help you, you know, we think about as like, giving humans more agency, giving humans more sort of sovereignty and just, and just enabling humans to get way more done. Hmm. Yeah. That's a great way, I, I like some of this thought because yeah. I could be like, like my fantasy football group and I, we do a, we do a, a draft every year in a different location, you know? Yep. And shout out PAE that's our fantasy league jro. Everybody that's in it for the past 17 years, we've flown to a city each year and done a draft in person. Right.


But I could say, Hey, we have 10 guys. We wanna go to a nice place. We want there to be a beach. This is the age group of our group. You know, these would kind of be the nights. And it, you know, just to really gimme like a, just a nice plan of, hey, here's 10 possibilities. Right? Something like that. And then even more like with a movie, this is what I worry you'd, you'd run into say, if I'd be like, okay, I have two main characters and this is kind of what I would like to happen. Could you help me with a first act Yeah. Of a three act movie? How do you know everybody just doesn't get the same movie? Then? Like, that's what I would start to worry that everything that you have it created is all gonna be very similar. Yeah. So then I think this is where it comes into like, this is where human creativity is gonna matter because it's gonna be about, then it's about like, okay, what is the, how am I, you know, how am I directing the AI system?


Like what are my, what are the tricks I have to make the AI give me something that's different and unique? And that's, that's not different at all from, you know, how creative stuff works today. Like even on social media or you know, anywhere you know this, like Yeah. You still add your own spice to it. You need, yeah. You need an angle. You always need to like, have something that's gonna make it like, different and interesting and new. Hmm. So that's not gonna change. Like we're humans are always gonna have to figure out based on where culture's at, based on where, you know, what the dialogue is, what the, what the discourse is, all that kinda stuff. What is my fresh take? That's where that's really one of the key things that humans are gonna have to keep doing no matter what. Right. And, and, and some of it, like a lot of films and books, a lot of it is, there's just like a problem.


There's a, there's maybe a information you learn, there's a red herring and then there's a solution. Like that's a lot of stories, right? Yeah. So if something just gave you the basis and then you go through and make everything your own. 'cause a lot of things we don't, there's only so many templates for things, huh? Yeah. So, so say for example, say you might need to hire people at a company, then that would help direct your ai like somebody who's good at managing AI Yeah. And giving it the best prompts or the best way to ask it questions. Yeah. To get the perfect feedback for your company.


Yeah. So those would be new jobs. You, those would be actual new people you would need. Yeah. So, so tons of new jobs, right? Well, first I think just like helping to, you know, kind of what we were talking about before, these jobs around helping to improve the data and, and contribute to the AI systems. That's just gonna keep growing for a long, long time. And then as AI gets better and it gets used in more areas, then you're, there are gonna be a lot of jobs for that pop up just exactly as you're saying, which is how do you, what's the best way to use this as a tool? What's the best way to leverage it to, you know, actually make some of these, these applications or you know, whatever you want to build a reality.


Yeah. And then, and then there's gonna be folks who need to then once those are built, like how do you keep improving it? How do you keep making it better? How do you keep, how do you keep it fresh? How do you keep it, keep it going? And then how do you also make sure it doesn't do anything bad, right? Like, how do you make sure that the AI doesn't accidentally spam a million people or whatever it might be. And you make sure that it sort of is like operating in a good way, Faheem and more. I was watching him bring up a picture of Faheem. This is one of the funny, this guy, this is the most creative comedian in America. Undeniable. He is so funny.


He had, and he, everybody would say he's, he's one of the few comedians that everybody goes in there to watch him perform. He Had Hadda bit the other night, he talks about he got into a Waymo, right? Yeah. A car. And I see so many Waymo's now, which are cars that are just, nobody's in them, you know, but they're going, right? So he had this bit, he's like, he got into a Waymo and it started complaining about its life to him. He is like, I've Had Hadda shitty week. Like the car's just talking to him. And he's like, what the, then he's like, now I, no matter what, I still have to talk to my shitty driver. That's what he was saying. If you get a chance to see him, though, That guy is, he's fascinating. Yeah. But how, like, so what, what companies right now should kind of look to hire an AI guy?


Because we've been thinking about it. Like, we had some, we had Cat Williams on a last week, and we're like, Hey, can you create visuals of Suge Knight and Cat Williams riding bicycles down Sunset Boulevard? Right. And this is the one they sent back a little while later. Christopher Fino is the guy's name. FYI, And this is just, this is right where I say it was like by the Comedy Store on Sunset Boulevard. There you go. I mean, this looks like it's out of a movie kind of. Yeah, Totally. I mean, and a guy did that in a little, in just a little bit of time. What types of people would you get to, I mean, this is, That's you. Yeah. If I was healthier, if I had healthier gums too. But what about this, what kind of like, what companies right now, what job spaces?


'cause we wanna get an AI guy, right? But I don't really, my brain is like, well, what do they do? How do I, how would I keep them busy? You know, I could get them to make some animations and ideas, but what type of people need an AI person right now? Do you feel like, I kind of think about ai, it's kind of like the internet where, you know, eventually everybody's gonna need to figure out how to, how to utilize it, how to best, how to best use it for their industry or whatever they do. How to make it them more efficient. Like, it's something that I think everybody is going to, is going to need to adopt at some point. So, you know, might as well start earlier because eventually just like how, you know, every, basically every company has to figure out how to use the internet well and how to be smart about, you know, the internet and digital stuff.


Every company's gonna have to be smart about ai, how to use ai, how to make, how to have a unique twist on it so that, you know, their stuff stands out relative to other people's. That's gonna be really important. But, so we see, I mean, in our work, you know, we work with all these, all these big companies in America and we see it everywhere from, you know, we worked at Time Magazine on some stuff, and then we worked with Toyota on some stuff for their cars. And we worked with, you know, large pharmaceutical companies for the biology stuff. We were talking about large hospitals for, you know, helping to treat patients. Like really, it's across the board. And I think that goes for, you know, obviously these like really big businesses, but also for, for smaller businesses, you know, there's always interesting ways to utilize it to, to, to provide a better product or a better experience or better content for, you know, whoever you need to do that for.


Yeah. 'cause I guess right now we're like, there's certain moments like, hey, well let's animate this moment or see what AI would look like. It adds some visual effects to some of our episodes. So that's something we'd like to do to just be fun and creative. I would like to maybe create like some sort of an animated character. We already have a great animator and we wanna keep that. But to have an AI space where it's like, you know, 'cause they have something, they Had Hadda Little Cat the other day or something, and he was going to war, you know, I was like, damn, dude, this is, and it was ai, you know? Yeah, totally. And they Had Hadda baby who was getting in a taxi, and I was like, this shit is illegal. You know? I don't dunno if it's illegal or not, but it seems, you know, it doesn't seem, it, it, you know, it seems It's definitely a tool for storytellers, right? Like, it's, right. It's, it'll help people with a creative vision or, or look At the war Cats.


Yeah. That's a story right there. Special forces cats. Would YouTube recognize this Damn brother if they show up? Dude, wow. This, honestly, it looks, it looks badass And it looks like cats have been waiting to, to do this a long time. Yeah. That's the crazy shit about cats. You look in their eyes now, their outfits finally match the look in their eyes. That's what it feels like, dude. Wow. That's Dune, that's, that's fre reming cats. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. So that's gonna get alarming, dude. That's, that's gonna get hella alarming. That's a movie Right there. It is. But it, it's almost like you could make, like, that's what I wanna get.


I want to get somebody to help us think, hey, don't make these little segments that we can take our creativity. And instead of me thinking, man, I gotta write this huge crazy script for just kind of small things, you know, little moments. Yeah. Can you help me make this happen? I think that's actually the key thing, which is ai. Like, AI will just be something that we turn to, to help make our dreams happen. Like to help make our ideas and our dreams and our, you know, whatever we want to do happen more easily. Got it. That's like at the core what it'll be. Yeah. Who's the, who's the current leader in AI development? Like, is it America? Is it China? Is it Israel? Is it, I'm trying to think of another superpower.


Russia, maybe, or Yeah. Who is it? Taiwan I know has a lot of the chips. Yeah. And they manufacture a lot of the chips over there. And does it matter what country leads in ai or does it just matter the company like scale or another AI company? So, does That make sense, that question? Totally, Totally. Yeah. So, so today America is in the lead, but, but China as a country is, is sort of hot on our tails. Yeah. Like there was, there was all that news about deep seek a couple weeks ago. And deep seek in still, in most places around the world is the number one most downloaded app. You know, it's downloaded a ton in, you know, everywhere around the world, frankly, and is a Chinese AI system, right?


And so it's starting to rival a lot of the American AI systems also. 'cause it's free and, you know, it, it kind of like shock the world. So right now, if you kind of look at it, us and China are, are a little bit neck and neck maybe the US and America's like a little bit ahead. And you kind of like look at, you know, if you go back to each of the three pieces that I talked about. So the chips and the computational power, the data and the algorithms, if you were to rack and stack us versus China on each one of those, you know, we're probably, we are ahead on the computational power because the United States is the leader at developing the chips.


And, and most of the most advanced chips are American chips. They probably beat us out on data. 'cause China, they've been investing into data for a very long time as a country. And then on algorithms we're basically neck and neck. So it's a pretty tight race. And, you know, to your question about does it matter or what does, what does this mean? I I think it's actually gonna be one of the most important, you know, questions or most important races of our time is, is it US or Chinese AI that wins. Because, you know, AI is more than just being a tool that, that, you know, we all, we can all use to make our, you know, build whatever we want to or make whatever ideas we want to happen.


It's also, you know, it's a, it's a cultural staple, right? You know, if you talk to an ai, that AI is kind of a reflection of our culture and our values and all that stuff. So in America we value free speech and, you know, the ais are, you know, need to, are built to support that. Whereas in, in China, there's, there isn't free speech. And so, you know, if if the Chinese ais are the ones that take over the world, then all these Chinese ideologies are gonna become exported all around the world. And, and so, so first is, there's a couple dimensions here that I think matter. So first is just the cultural element, which is like, do we want kind of democracy and free speech to be the, the cultural AI that wins?


Or do we want sort of the more, you know, frankly, totalitarian ais in China to be the ones that win. And then there's sort of the, there's like the, you know, you start getting to economically. So AI is gonna be something that helps all the companies in the United States thrive. And so if the US AI wins, then we're gonna, you know, the economy will grow faster. We're gonna have more and more opportunity, you know, the country will still be better and better and better. And, and the economy will keep growing. Where versus if Chinese AI wins, then Chinese economy's gonna grow away faster than the American economy. So there's sort of the the cultural piece, the economic piece. And then lastly, there's, there's the, there's kind of the warfare piece, right?


And you know, ai, we haven't really talked about it, but has clear potential to be used as a military technology. And we don't want, you know, we don't want another country to have, because they use, they have better AI to have a much stronger military than, than America's. So Like how would they do that? How would they have a better ai or how would they use it to have a better military? Yeah. How would they use it to have a better military? Like why is that kind of a concern or potential concern? Yeah. So, so one of the things that's been happening over the past, you know, decade for sure is, is lots of hacking, cyber hacking going on. So, you know, in America, even recently we had this huge cyber hack called Salt Typhoon.


Where, where the Chinese hacked our telecommunications companies who hacked our for the phone companies. Damn. They did. Yeah. They got It. Yeah. And they got all sorts of crazy data as a result of that. Oh, they know I'm a pervert. I'll tell you that. Yeah. Look at this. This happened in 2020. Saul Typhoon is in a, is widely understood to be operated by the China's ministry state of security. It's foreign intelligence service, and secret police, Chinese embassy denied all allegations saying it was unfounded and irresponsible smears and slanders high profile cl cyber espionage. In 2024, US officials announced that hackers affiliated with salt typhoon had access to computer systems of non-US telecommunications companies later acknowledged to include Verizon, at and t T-Mobile spectrum Lumen consolidated communications and Windstream, the hackers were able to access metadata of users calls and text messages.


Fuck homie. We're fucked, dude. I am. You seem good. Including date and timestamps. Source and destination IP addresses. Ah, shit, Keep going. Keep going. And phone numbers from over a million users, most of which were located in Washington DC Good. Light 'em up. Dude. In some cases, the hackers were able to obtain audio recordings of telephone calls made by high profile individuals. Such individuals reportedly included staff of the Kamala 2024 presidential campaign, as well as phones belong to Donald Trump and JD Vance. According to Deputy National Security Advisor and Neuberger, a large number of the individuals whose data was directly accessed were government targets of interest.


Wow. Yeah. That's cra So do you think this also, that that whole thing could be not real and it's just a story that was created That seems pretty real. Okay. 'cause there's, there's real there. Like, I mean there's like 20 stories where, where the Chinese have, have hacked American systems. Like they hacked, this was, this must have been close to 10 years ago now, but the Chinese hacked the database in America that stored all of the clearances. So they hacked in, they, they managed to hack into knowing who are literally all of the Americans who have security clearance. Oh, security clearance.


Yeah. So I thought, you know, what was on sale? I was like, who cares? That's great though. Damn. Oh, damn. So They knew everybody who had, who knew. Oh, who knew information, who knew Secrets. Yeah. So once they knew that, then they know, well that's a great point of operation to go then. Well now let's get find their data so They can just hack all of them. Yeah. So, so they, so already China is hacking the shit out of America. That is definitely not an understatement. Yeah. It's exciting. Kind of. I mean it's unfortunate, but it's also exciting. I like some espionage, you know, I can't sleep unless somebody's fucking really going through it. But then e but then, so this is, but But that's a real AI thing. So AI can be used to do that because you can like prompt it to go and do things like that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's there's a bunch of recent, because It's all data. Yeah. Because There's a bunch of recent demonstrations where AI is just like, how in in go how AI beat the world's best Go players. AI's starting to beat the world's best cyber hackers and the world's best. Oh yeah. So it's, I dunno if you saw Mr. Robot. I didn't, but I DMed with Magnus, Carl Magnus Carlson. Oh, That's cool. Pretty cool. So, yeah. But no, Mr. Robot, is it good? It's, it is just, it, it shows like all this hacking stuff and like, you know, cool. It, it makes it seem really cool. Okay, Cool. I'm gonna check it out. But, but yeah, no hacking like, like you're gonna have AI that are hacking everything in America. And this is one place where this is like us verse China will be really come to life, which is who has better ai that's better at defending against the hacks from the other guy as well as hacking the other, the other guy's systems.


That's gonna be, that'll just, that'll just start happening. That's basically starting to happen right now. Or it's, you know, cyber warfare has been happening and then ai, cyber warfare is gonna start happening. Yeah. Basically as soon as, you know, as AI gets better. Yeah. We Had Hadda Craig Newmark who created Craigslist on Yeah. And he was talking about how what if they hacked, like everybody's Teslas to all just drive off a cliff one day, or they hacked everybody's ovens to go up to 400 degrees in the middle of the night while you're sleeping and then fires started work. Like, just things like that that you don't start to think about that once something's connected to the grid or something like that. Or connected through routers and wifis that, that, that could be feasible.


Yeah, no, it's, there's a lot of, there's a lot of things they could do that won't even like, seem like that big a deal at the time, but could be really, really, could, could be a big deal. So for example, let's say the Chinese, like, they just took out all the military like communication systems and all the military software systems, like took out the satellites, took out all that for like 10 minutes. And in those 10 minutes they like, you know, invaded somewhere or they like did some crazy thing. Like they can just, there's a, there's the, the thing about about this stuff is like everything at, you know, as the world's become more connected, it also enables, you know, different kinds of warfare.


So, so cyber warfare is really big. Also like the, you know, information warfare is another big one. So, but What does information warfare mean? So This is information warfare is all about, you know, in a place, what is, what are like the stories. This is kind of gets to like, you know, the like propaganda or you know, these conspiracy theories. Like what are the stories that in a place that we're trying to make happen or not make happen. And we know that China does a bunch of information warfare called IW it's sometimes called Okay. But they, they have a, they have whole operations. This is actually the craziest part. They have, like, they, they've hired the, the Chinese military at various points has hired millions and millions of people who are supposed to be on like, various, like, chat groups and WhatsApp groups and WeChat groups and whatnot.


And just spread the right kind of stories that'll make it such that they can, like, they can make their political aims happen. So for example, in when, when China wanted to start, when kind of like, I dunno what the word is, like, like when Hong, when they, when China wanted Hong Kong to become a part of China again, which happened just not to, not to, you know, pretty Recently. Yeah. To the PRC. Right. To The PRC. Exactly. When they Wanted propaganda. Is that the word you're looking for? Yeah, they would, they would, yeah, exactly. They would use a lot of propaganda. And that's information warfare to be able to just make it such that, that all happen much more easily. Well it's, it's unbelievable.


I'll see stories even about, I'll be going through TikTok and see a story come up about something in my life that is not even true. Insane. Some of it looks fun, but never was a part of my existence. And then you'll see hundreds of people have said something about like, and they'll, and I'll have friends that'll ask me about it. I'm like, that's just crazy. Like, totally. But I, so yeah, it's amazing to think of how many things we're watching or absorbing that are just, are ma are created just to dilute us. Yeah. I dunno if dilute is the word. Is it Trick us or make us think something? Yeah. Just to fucking Halloween us out. Wow. So there's a lot of interesting things.


You know, what's crazy, man? Some things makes life scary. But then it also makes it interesting, you know, it also makes it interesting in a, in a, in a, in a fun way, how do we, how much do we have to fear, say if a certain country or a certain company owns an ai right? In that country, in that company, if they're Chinese, if they have a certain religious belief or they have information that they don't, they want to adjust history. How much would a company be able to, like, say they keep certain data out of their information system, but, and then after a while, if you're, if that's a company that kind of takes the lead in AI or one of the main ones, then the truth could disappear.


Is that true? That if somebody loaded it just with the data that wasn't factual, that we could start to not have the truth? Is that, does that make any sense? Or no? Yeah, Totally. I think this is, this is something that it's definitely the right thing to worry about. So, so first off, if you ask any Chinese AI system, so any AI system that comes out of China, if you ask any of them about, you know, a question about President Xi, the, you know, the, the leader of the Chinese government, or you ask them any question about, you know, Tiananmen Square or you know, all these like key historical or, or you know, cultural things relevant to China, it'll say it can't talk about them because wow, there's regulation in China that if you talk about some of these things, like you're, you're gonna get shut down, you're gonna have a really bad day.


There's like cases where the Chinese government disappears people, which we know what happens to them, but they do disappear. So there's the, the, this is part of the thing that's worrying especially about China versus us even before you get into any of the military stuff that we're talking about. It's just like the Chinese Chinese AI systems are censored and are gonna, you know, be, you know, they're going to, they're gonna erase certain historical elements or they're gonna be Yeah, look at that. This is deep seek. And you ask it is President Xi of China a good guy? Sorry, that's beyond my scope. Let's talk about something else. Oh, Let's talk about something.


Not only does it say it's beyond my scope, it says, let's talk about something else. That's why that's interesting. It's a good Pivot. That's a good, that's a good interview. Isn't that great? Hey, let's talk about something else, huh? Wow. Get this yaow Ming jersey homie. But, and people always, people also have to remember about China that they are, that's their whole government, their whole system is like that. So sometimes when people are like, China does this, but that's how they're built, right? They're built to like only give out certain information to their people and to have communism, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, But that could also happen with American companies, right? We could have an American company that owns it and they only want certain information in there that could happen anywhere. Like China. That's probably gonna be 'cause that's their mo sort of Yeah.


In China it's regulated. So basically like you Oh, the government has control. They have control. Okay. So, so like there were, there are these stories about how there were Chinese news sites, News sites, News sites, yeah. And they would once a Chinese news site accidentally led an article about p xi, how he kind of looks like Winnie the Pooh. Oh yeah. They Let that bring him up. Oh, hundred acre wood gang son. I was out there, boy was out there, bruh. Christopher Robbins, dude, get him up. Oh, he does. Yeah. That's Awesome.


Yeah. But if you talk about this in China, you like are risking your life. No. So what happened, what happened when this happened? This happened on a, on a new site in China and then the, the, the CEO of that company, like, they shut down. The whole app was shut down for like a week in the aftermath of that. And then the, the CEO disappeared for a week. And we don't know what happened to him, but then as soon as he came back, he was like, there's like this weird video where he was like, you super apologetic and ap. I mean, it, it's, it's kind of, it's pretty scary. Yeah. Wow. So, so in China, there, it's like, this is, the government has control, you know, you don't have ai sys companies, ai any companies that can, that can talk about this stuff.


Right. So it's heavily regulated there where it's not the that's not the case here. Yeah. In America. And this is, I think we have to be diligent and make sure this continues to be the case. But, And here's an example right here just to, I, not to interrupt you, but so we get the point in, does win of the poo look like any world leaders? And that's on the Chinese version and it says, I'm sorry, I can answer that question. I'm an AI assistant designer provide helpful and harmless responses, whereas the chat GBT says Winnie p has often been compared to world leaders, particularly Xi Jing Xi Jinping, president of China, boy. Wow. Hmm. So that's funny. But It's just funny. Yeah. One, so it just shows you how that can easily happen. And this is kind of a, this is like a, a relatively innocuous example, But what does innocuous mean?


Like it's relatively harmless. Okay. Like this isn't, I mean, Right. This is harmless. Yeah, this is harmless. But there's stuff where like, like in China today, they have large scale effectively concentration camps and reeducation camps for the ethnic minority in China, the Uyghurs. And that's something that the Uyghurs. The Uyghurs. Yeah. Hell Yeah. Boy, shout out Brian Purvis, dude. They're recognized as the titular nationality of the, of a region in northwest China. And they, they're sending them to rehabilitation camps to change their views and information. Yeah. Yeah. So look at this, this look at this guy Ification of the Uyghurs in China since 2014, the government of the PRC people's Republic of China has committed a series of ongoing human rights abuses against the Uyghurs and other Turkish Muslim minorities in Jang Jing, which has often been characterized as persecution or as genocide.


Wow. They got their own Gaza rocking over there. It's Pretty bad. It's Unfortunate, Man. It's pretty bad. It's pretty sad. Mass detention, government policies and forced labor. And they're just trying to change the way that they think and view stuff. So it's basically, It's, yeah, it's just like erasing their culture, you know, pulling them into China. It's awful. Every place has done this over the years. And that's just, that's the craziest thing about history. It's like every place is guilty of this same thing. Totally. And it just can, it's, it's unfortunate. So it's, it's hard to point fingers, you know? I mean, you can point 'em, but you have to 0.1 at your own people as well. But, But that's the thing where if you ask, like if, if you ask a Chinese AI is not gonna tell you about that.


Ah, and it won't, it won't come clean about that. Whereas thankfully in, in America, at least when we see people or groups of people or countries doing bad things, we can call it out. We can talk about it, we can make sure it doesn't happen in the future. So that's part of the, that's one of the things that's, that that could happen. That could happen. It's like you, you could have, I mean, it's kind of dystopian, but you know, I think there's a real case where let's say the Chinese AI is the winning ai, like we're all using Chinese ai and then all of a sudden we're like, we we're shut out from information about what are like awful things happening in the world, or what are awful things the government's doing. Like we might just not be able to know about what's going on.


Hmm. And you know what's weirdly, and I hate to say this, maybe, or maybe it's silly, I don't know. So it might be a blessing and a curse in it sometimes. 'cause sometimes it's like you're, you're So, it's overwhelming. Yeah. You're so inundated with the overwhelmingness of what's often is not the best stuff. Sometimes you get a lot of humor stuff too in social media reels. But you can get scrolling. You get caught in some Doom scrolling. Yeah. And it starts to feed you. That's the sickness of it. Yeah. It's like, Hey, we, you, this isn't, we know this information probably doesn't make you feel good. They're not thinking about it like that. They're just a machine. But, you know, it doesn't, it adds stress to you or it makes you agitated towards a, a group or ethnicity or something. Or yourself even. And then you continue to, it continues to feed it to you.


Do you fear that that could happen to AI from our government? Like have you been approached by the government to try and 'cause you work with the government some, right? We Work with the government. Yeah. We work, yeah, we work a lot with, with the government to make sure that they're using these ais and they're actually like, you know, to as to my point on, we don't want China to get the jump on us on AI use for all these, you know, all these nefarious purposes. So we gotta make sure that our AI is, is, is advancing faster. Is that one of your biggest employers or is that employer employee, is that one Of your biggest customers? Customers? Is that one of your biggest customers? They're a big one. Yeah. They're a big one. Not our biggest, but, but they're an important one.


I mean, I, I grew up in a government lab town, So I felt it's So it's just part, it's also part of your existence really. You've known about the relationship between government and Technology. Technology, Yeah. Totally. Wow. But no, I don't think, I mean, I, Dude, you should be a superhero almost, dude. It's kind of crazy Math, you know? Yeah. Goes a long way. Oh hell yeah, dude. Divide these nuts, dude. That's what I tell 'em. I just asked Deeps, seek who are the hugs? And at first it spit out like a Wikipedia response. It said there were people and there's been like, persecution from China that's, that's debated. And it refreshed and then it gave this, I was waiting to pull it up and it went away.


Wow. Yeah, man. Do you, does, has the government tried to say that we need to make sure that, like, could that happen in our country where the government also curtails? What's, It hasn't happened yet. I obviously like, you know, you gotta, we have to, we have to make sure that we uphold all our values, right. And that we maintain free speech and we maintain free press and all these things. But as of right now, no, I don't think, I don't think that's a risk in the u in the United States. Awesome. Thanks for this information. You hear about like, chip makers, Nvidia all the time. Taiwan, that place is just a hotbed for chips. Why is it a hotbed for chips? Yeah. So one of the, the biggest companies in the world is this company called Taiwan.


Semiconductor. Yeah. TSM I've seen 'em. TSMC. Yeah. So they're, they're, I mean it's, it's like a trillion dollar company based in Taiwan. And it's, that is where almost all of the high-end chips for AI that, you know, we're kind of, we were kind of talking about all of them are manufactured there. They have these, they have the most advanced, think about 'em as factories, like the most advanced chip factories in the world. They're called fabs or fabricators. But basically these huge factories that are like, you know, there, there's all sorts of crazy stuff. So they have the most expensive machines in the world. They have machines that cost hundreds of millions of dollars in there. Wow. They have, they build them because, so that, you know, the chips, they have to be made at, at the like finest levels and very, very precisely.


Yeah. You Need small hands probably. Huh? You need Well that, and there's like these machines that, that at the nanometer level make like little marks and etches on top of, And they have those, They have those, yeah. Wow. Those are super expensive machines. So the, so the chips, it's, it's crazy. Yes. But the, but it's, so it's the, the machinery is so precise that even if there's like a little bit of like seismic movement, a little earthquake or a little bit of movement, it can fuck up the whole machine. So they have to build the, the buildings, build the factories in a way such that there's like, like the whole building doesn't move, even if there's like a little earthquake or a little shake from the earth.


So it's like, is this crazy, crazy engineering. And so that's, so these, all these giant factories are in Taiwan, and that's where basically like a hundred percent of all the advanced AI chip are made. So that's why Taiwan matters so much. Got it. But then the, the reasons a hotbed is that the, the people's Republic of China, the PRC has a, Because they used to own Taiwan, right? Yeah. I mean, is that true Or not? I might Make that up there. There's a, there's a complicated relationship between okay, Taiwan and, and China where ti you know, if you ask people in Taiwan, they, they want to be independent. They want to be their own country. But, but the people Republics, people's Republic of China has a sort of a reunification plan that they want to bring Taiwan back into their country and be back a part of China.


So it's kind of, you know, it's kind of like it potentially, you know, thankfully there's, there's no war yet, but there's a risk Still talking to your ex. Yeah, exactly. There's a risk it becomes like Russia, Ukraine, or, you know, one of these really, really bad situations. Hmm. So, so that's what's scary. What's scary is that, that that China, a China wants to, you know, either invade or bring, bring Taiwan back into its country. And there have been, you know, president Xi has, has ordered his military to get ready to do that before 2027. Now we don't know what's gonna happen, but, you know, if a extremely powerful world leader says to get something ready by 2027, you kind of, you know, read between the lines a little bit.


Yeah. And, and that's part of it is, is obviously it, it'd be, you know, we don't want to enable them to, to take over this island. But then the other thing that's scary is China may view it as a way to just like win on ai. Because if they take over the island with all of these very, these giant factories, all The chips, baby, They'll get all the chips. Frito Lamborghini baby. They'd be running it all. They'd be running it all. Yeah. Wow. So yeah, that's why Taiwan is Yeah. 'cause you kind of hear about it in the whispers of like a potential place where there could be like a conflict. Yeah. And there's, there's all these reports about how China's, they, they're stacking up tons and tons of military right.


On their, their their coast to, you know, that's pointed directly at Taiwan. And it's, it's pretty close. Taiwan's pretty close to China. Like, it's, it's, it's not so far away. So, whew. I'd be spooky. That's spooky. Yeah. It's spooky. We're, we're so blessed to have a place where at least we can sleep in peace, even if we're uncomfortable at times in our brains, you know, to not have that constant threat. Yeah, Totally. Yeah. So you don't think, you don't think that, you don't worry that the government will regulate right now? It's not, it's not a concern at the moment Regulate ai Yeah. In America? No, I don't think so. Okay. I think, I think, I think we're focused on how do we make sure that America wins? How do we make sure that that the United States comes out on top and that we enable innovation to keep happening.


Would you think they could regulate the amount of chips that you're allowed to have? So this is a hot topic globally, actually, which is really, yeah. Yeah. Wow. This is a super, this is actually, Damn, finally, dude, 560 interviews. We got a good question. This is one of the hottest topics in DC right now is what, what are we gonna do about how many chips other people are allowed to have? Because, because almost all the chips are American chips. So they're all, they all are American chips. And technically, what Do you mean we own most of them? Yeah, exactly. They're All, but China owns most of them too. They're, China has their own, has their own chip industry, but it's behind ours.


Okay, Got it. Yeah. Yeah. So, so the United States has the, has the most advanced chips and has, you know, these chips are the envy of the world. Everybody in the world wants our chips. And the, one of the big questions is are, you know, do we, does the government allow a lot of these chips to go over overseas to China or parts of Asia or the Middle East or wherever? Or do we want to make sure they stay in America and make sure that we win in America? And this is a super duper, you know, they're called export controls. Yeah. 'cause it's a possibility to run it all. Yeah, exactly. Who's got the chips? What do you think about it?


It's a complicated, complicated thing because basically, you know, one argument is we shouldn't be throwing our weight around in this way. Like, you know, maybe it's, it's fine, it's a free market. Like, if other people want our chips, they should be able to get our chips. And that way, you know, the world is running on American chips. That, that can be good in some ways, and it helps make sure that, you know, helps bolster our economy, our industry. But the other way to look at it is, hey, AI is really, really important that America wins at. And we don't wanna, like, let's not give other people any advantages or let's make sure that we win and then, and then we can figure out what we're gonna do with all the chips.


So it, you can see both sides of it, right? And there's like all sorts of, you know, even beyond that, there's like 50 different arguments on both sides of the, of the conversation. But, you know, where I go, where I come from on it is like, let's, let's make sure America wins and let's start from there and then figure out what we need to do to win. Are there uses of AI that you feel like cross the line kind of? I definitely think like, well, I, I worry a lot about this kind of like, you know, maybe brainwashing kind of thing. Like, I don't want, I don't want ais that are specifically programmed to make me think a certain thing or persuade me to do a certain thing.


And That could happen. That Could happen, right? Yeah. So I'm really worried about this kind of like deception and persuasion from ais. Like, I don't want ais that are lying to me or that are sort of, that are like, that are kind of like nudging me or, or persuading me to do things that I don't want to do or I shouldn't be doing. That's what I worry about Because it could happen. We don't realize how easily we're influenced little things that influence us. Yeah. And even just a, a turning of a phrase or a little bit of this, or pointing you to a couple of links in your life could lead you down a whole world. It's kind of, it's pretty fascinating. So people that could, people that had, how do you keep your AI clean?


How do you guys keep your AI clean? Well, this is where it goes back to a, the data. Okay. So you gotta make sure that that data, to your point, the large body of water is as clean as, as, as as pristine as possible. You Got lifeguards on it. Yeah. Life. You got lifeguards, we got filters, we got, we got tests. Game Wardens. Yeah. So, so big part of it is about the data. And then the second part is I think we have to just, we have to constantly be testing the AI system. So we have to, we have to, like, we constantly are running tests on AI to see, hey, is there, are they unsafe in some way? You know, one of the, one of the tests that we run a lot is, and this is like, you know, across the industry, is like, are ais helping people do really nefarious things and we're making sure that they don't.


So, you know, if somebody asks an ai, Hey, help me make a bomb, or help me make like a, like covid o like 2.0 or whatnot, that the AI is not helping you do that. So, so we run a lot of tests to make sure that it doesn't help in those areas. And then, and then we make sure that the data's really clean so that there's no, there's no sort of like little bit or piece of that that makes its way to the model With outlier. That's your program. Yep. With outlier. How are you, how are, what type of people are applying for those jobs? Can you just log on and start to, and put submit applications? Like how does that work to become a information sourcer?


Yeah, we call 'em contributors. Okay. Information contributor. Everybody's, everybody's kind of contributing to the ai, everyone's contributing to the data that goes into the ais. It's kind of like, I almost think it as like the next generation of Wikipedia, right? We're like, yeah, look at this. And we're hiring people all around the world, so Wow. People in all sorts of different languages. Dude, that's crazy, man. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it turns out, by the way, most of the ais don't really speak other languages that well. They're much, much better at, at English and, and par, particularly American English than, than other languages. And so we wanna make sure that they speak all these languages well and that there's these opportunities, but yeah, an outlier.


So anybody in the around the world can log in and sort of, there's a little bit of a, of a, of a like orientation almost on, on how to best, like what you're supposed to do, how you're supposed to do it, what expertise should you be bringing, all that kinda stuff. And then, and then you can just start contributing to the, to the AI models and you get paid to do it. Wow. Yeah. That's pretty fascinating, man. And it's gonna be, I mean, I really think, I, I legitimately think jobs from AI are gonna be the fastest growing jobs in the world for the years to come. So you do. Yeah. Like what, so jobs where people are able to contribute information, jobs where people are able to, like what, like what would examples of those be?


Just some of the ones you've already listed? Yeah. All the ones we've been talking about. Right? Okay. Like contributing to the ais, helping to utilize the ais and helping to, to shape the ais into, into applications or into, you know, into, in like helping organizations or companies or people use the ais. That'll be a really fast growing job helping to, to manage the ais and make sure they're, they're, they're on the straight and narrow. Where would a young person go right now who's, some who's getting into college or has, doesn't even wanna go to college, but this is the world they wanna get into and be one of those people. What would do they do right now? Yeah. Well, this is all happening so fast, right? Like the, the like outlier, we only started a few years ago, so all of this is happening so, so quickly.


But we, we want to do ultimately is make it easy for anybody in the world to, you know, gain the skills they need to be able to do this work well, to learn what it means, what it does, and ultimately be in a position where they can, they can, you know, help build ais and then, and then keep improving that and gaining mastery and, and getting better and better at it. But like, where do They go to school? Is there a school, is there a class they should take online? Like how does someone start to become, you know, just get a head start on what could potentially be probably a lot of job opportunities, I'm guessing. Yeah. Like in the AI space, right? Yeah. Like is it just, is it just engineers? Like is it just mathematicians? Like No, it's everybody because yeah, as we were talking about like, AI needs to get smarter about literally everything.


So, But are there colleges offering court? Like, is there, do you know, like, is there specific places where people can, because that's another thing I think it's like, I'm gonna work in AI and you're like, what do I do? You know? Yeah. Yeah. I I don't think these programs exist yet. I mean, we, we would definitely love to help build them. So I guess if any colleges are listening, you know, and you wanna help figure out how to build these programs, we, we love, we'd love to help. That'd Be pretty cool if you had your own kind of cl like, course not that you Had Hadda teach it all that, you know, but you were like a partner of it somehow. Yeah, I mean, I think we'd love to, to basically teach everybody in America how to best contribute to the ais how to, how to best basically take advantage of the fact that this is gonna be one of the fastest growing industries. There's gonna be tons of opportunities that are gonna be shaped a little bit different from, you know, the jobs that exist today.


But, you know, it's not gonna be that hard for everybody to learn and figure out how to participate in it. What are some jobs that could, that could be at risk because of ai, right? Because you start thinking that like, yeah, before I was talking to you, there's this general fear of like, everything could be at risk, right? But when you think about it, you're like, yeah, these are some jobs that, I mean, they won't disappear, but there might be less of them, right? I just think it'll be, it'll be, we'll be doing like a different thing. So, because A lot of our fans are probably just blue collar listeners, like, like there's people that work in like, you're not gonna, you're still gonna need a plumber, you're still gonna need an electrician. You're still gonna need anything where you have to physically do something you're probably still gonna need. Yeah, For sure. And then even stuff where you're like, let's say you're, you're mostly just working on a laptop and you know, even for those jobs, like, it'll just change.


Like instead of being, instead of my job being like, Hey, I have to do the work, I have literally do the work on a laptop. It'll almost be like everybody gets promoted to being a manager. Like, because I'm gonna be managing like a, a little pod of 10 AI agents that are doing the work that I used to do, but I need to make sure that all of them are doing it right and that they're not making any mistakes. And that, you know, if they're making mistakes, I'm helping them, you know, get around those mistakes. Like, like it's just gonna, I, the way I think about it is that like, yeah, like literally over time everybody will just be upgraded to being a manager or sort of promoted to being a manager. But Can you have that many managers you think?


Yeah. 'cause I think that what's the other thing that's gonna happen is the, the economy's just gonna grow so much. Like there's gonna be, there's gonna be so much, like there will be like industries are gonna pop off in crazy, crazy ways. And so, you know, the limit is gonna be how many ais can you have? And then you're gonna be limited for in terms of the number of AI you have by the number of managers that you have. So it's gonna, it's gonna, right, Because you need air traffic controllers, you need as mon as many of as you can have. Yeah, well that, that definitely, but, But Right. But I mean, in any field, you're gonna need like, just more managing, you need more people to oversee and make sure that these, that different things are happening because some of the smaller tasks will just be outsourced.


Yeah. And just so much more stuff is gonna be happening. Right. And that's kind of Right, because yeah, once these things are all kind of taken care of, more things can happen at this second level. Yep. That's a good point. Yeah. You don't think about that once some of the things at the first level of, of a, of certain businesses are handled Yep. More easily by ai, then you're gonna be able to have more people operating at a higher level. Yeah, Totally. It's kind of like, it's kind of like always the history of technology. Like when, when we started developing technology that that started making farming a lot more efficient all of a sudden, you know, people could do a lot of other things other than farming.


And then, you know, all of a sudden we have big entertainment industries and big financial industries and, you know, Barbecue cook offs. Man, I'll tell you that second, some of those guys got the weekend off, they was grilling shit that I knew. But yeah, so it's all about like us Yeah. Everybody leveling up to be managers and then also everybody, you know, just way more ideas are gonna start happening. Like way more ideas are gonna start becoming a reality. And so it'll be, I think it'll be pretty exciting. Like, I think it's just like a lot more stuff is gonna happen. Yeah. What, what it, what companies do you see? Like, are there companies where you're the youngest billionaire in the world ever, or no. Is that true? Is that a weird statement?


We can take it out if it is. No, no, it's good. I'm not trying to talk about your money. I, I mean, you, you, but you are, is that true? According to like some publications, but I Don't know, as a young entrepreneur, right? And you've been very successful, you know, the self-made billionaire, and we can take the word billionaire out later if you decide you don't want it in. I just dunno how certain people feel about that. And the founder of of of scale ai. Where do you invest? Like, are you investing your money in certain places, like certain fields that you see continuing to do well? So I, most of, almost all of what I'm focused on is like, how do we scale, how do we make it super successful, but, and make sure that we, you know, one of the things I'm, I think is really important is like, how do we make sure we create as much opportunity through AI as possible?


Like, how do we make sure there's as much jobs? How do we make sure that everything that we're talking about actually is what happens? Because I think no, someone's gonna have to really work to make sure all these jobs show up and all this, all this stuff actually happens the way we're talking about. So there's gonna be new industries that are gonna pop up even. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think like, just in the same way that, you know, it's hard, nobody could have really predicted that podcasting was gonna be this a huge thing and this huge cultural movement. Yes, true. But, but it is one and it's amazing. It's like awesome. And, and that's gonna happen in like little ways in all sorts of different industries. And that's gonna be, it's gonna be really exciting. What are some of the things that excite you about technology right now?


Like what are, where do you see like, AI in technology in five years, 10 years? Yeah. So some of the areas I think are really, are really exciting. So one is definitely everything to do with healthcare and biology, that, that's moving really, really fast. And kind of as we were talking about, like, I, I think legitimately in our lifetimes, we could see cancer being cured. We could see heart disease being cured. Like we could see some really crazy leaps and advancements in that area, which is, which is super duper exciting. Could it create a way that we could live forever? Do you think that's just a, There's definitely people working on that.


You know, there's, so this is getting kind of crazy and very sci-fi, but some people think that there's, there's a way for us to keep rewinding the clocks on our cells so that we'll always feel young and we'll, like all of our cells will actually always stay young. Mm. It's, I think, scientifically possible. But, and, and I think if we can get there, that's obviously incredible. So there's people working on that. I think that's, at, at the very least, I think we'll be able to lengthen our, our lifespans pretty dramatically. And, and maybe we could get to that. Wow.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I always envision this, there's like a time where it's like, okay, this group lives forever and this group doesn't, and there's just that parting of two different way, you know, people head nodding in just into the end zone of the Lord. And then there's other people just loiter who are gonna be loitering around for a long time. And what that would be like, that cutoff, you know, I, yeah, it's kind of, I mean, I, I'm not that worried about it, but it, it sucks to be that cutoff where like, Maybe, Maybe. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. That's a weird, it's a weird thought Because it would also be brave. I mean, you'd be the astronaut, I mean, dying, you're just an astronaut really into the ether. You don't know what's going on. Yeah. You know? Totally. You, the Lewis and Clark at a Lord, at that point you are out there.


Yeah. And then if you stay, you kind of are always gonna be know, you'll always know kind of what's gonna happen in a way. 'cause you'll be here. Yeah. Which would be exciting, I think. But then after a while you might be like, dang, what happens if you die? That's the bravest choice you could make. That's True. Probably. Yeah. How did, do you see AI having any effect on religion? Yeah, I think, I think one of the things that, something I believe is like, I, I think that as AI becomes, you know, this is one of the things I think is really important is that we are are able to educate people about AI and help people understand it better and better and better.


Because I think it's this scary thing that nobody understands or people feels like a boogeyman or, you know Yeah. Feels like is is this just this like thing that's gonna take my job? Like, that makes it scary. And I think that that affects people's, you know, spirituality that affects how people, you know, contextualize themselves with the world. Yeah. You could lose your purpose if your purpose is a job that you feel it's gonna disappear. Yeah. That could already be causing you to feel that way. Yeah. So, but I think, I think if you ex if we can explain AI more and ultimately like, like it is, it is a cool technology, but it's not that magical.


It's just, you know, it's like data and you crunch that data and then you get these algorithms. And so it's not like, it's not, yeah. Some people talk about 'em in this crazy way, but, but I think as long as we are able to explain what AI is and also explain what opportunities it creates over time, and to me it's about getting this like, relationship between humanity and ai, right? Like, how do we make sure that this is something that enables us as humans to be more human and us as humans to do more and experience more and be better and all these things versus something that kind of is scary or will take over or anything like that.


I think that's really important. What's a place like, so if I go to chat, GBT, is that scale ai, is that the same thing or it's different? That's it. So we, so we're actually kind of under the hood powering all the different models and ais. So are Are all the different AI like systems under the hood? Yeah. Yeah. So we help power chat bt Okay. And OpenAI, we help power mostly from the data perspective. So We, and do we know if the answer came from your company or other companies? If we ask it a question like how do we, There's probably No way to like literally tell, but yeah. We help power, you know, OpenAI and we help power Google's AI systems and metas AI systems and help power all the, all the major AI systems.


Yeah. How can a regular person just at their home, right? Say there's a guy who's been listening to this today, he wants to go home today, and he just wants to learn a little bit of how AI works. He could just go on to chat GPT and ask it a couple questions. Yeah. He could ask chat GBT how AI works. You could ask it, how, what's the history of my town? You know, can you research my last name maybe? And can see where it came from. What are like, maybe what are some innovations that could happen in the next few years? There's different little things you can just ask it. That's how you can start to have a relationship with asking and learning about Using and you think what it's good at, what it's not good at. Like right now, AI is still really bad at a lot of things.


Like most things. This is why, this is why I think when people understand it and really get a feel for it, it stops being as scary. Yeah. Because, because I think we think about it as like, we think about it as like the AI from the movies that are sort of like, you know, all powerful and whatnot. But Yeah, you think of it as a robot that's gonna show up and just start driving your truck around or something and you'll be like, well, what the fuck do I do? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. My keys were in my truck, you know, I can't even get in my house now. Like I think that's the, there is this boogeyman fear. Yeah. Yeah. But that's not the truth. It's not the truth. And like Yeah. That's not the truth. And, and it's, to me it's like we have, we kind have the choice to make sure, sure. That also doesn't become the truth.


Right? Like we definitely, we in the, like, people building ai, but just in general, everybody in the world has like, like we should all make sure to use it as something that, like an assistant, as something that like helps us versus, versus think about it in like a, in like a scary way. Well, getting to learn and learn how to use it small ways, whatever is certainly a way that you're gonna start to realize what it is. Yeah. And it's easy to just sit there and say it's horrible and without trying to use it or learn about it. Yeah. Sometimes I won't learn about something just So I can continue to say it's a boogeyman, you know? 'cause it kind of gives me an excuse. Yeah. You know, if I, if I choose not to learn about it in my own life chat, GBT has become like a proprietary, like, like name like band-aids or ping pong.


Is that okay? That it's like that? Yeah, I think that's, I that's totally fine. I mean, I think basically like we, there will probably be more ais over time that people get used to and use and like anything, you know, there will always be like a, in America there will always be a bunch of options for consumers and much of options for people to use and they'll be good at different things, right? So I think, like right now we're just in the very early innings of ai, but over time we're gonna have, you know, just like how for, for anything like, for for clothes or for, you know, energy drinks or for whatever, like different people have different tastes because there's gonna be different things that different AI are good at and other things that other ais are bad at.


Is AI right now smarter than humanity? No. Yeah. So I think what AI is good at, because it's ingested all of the, the facts, right? Like it's ingested this, like the body of water is really, really big and it's ingested so many different facts and information from all of humanity. It definitely like knows more or like, you know, just like how Google knows a lot more than, than any person does. So it definitely knows a lot more, but it's not like, you know, there's, there's a very very, there's tons of things that humans can do that AI is just like fundamentally incapable of doing.


So, so it's not a, it's not like a, I don't think you can even like measure one versus the other. There's sort of like very different kinds of intelligence. Could AI just create a better AI at a certain point? Like could it just be like, Hey, AI create a better ai and it could do that? Yeah. This is a good question actually. This is, this is another really hot topic in the AI industry is, is can you get AI to start doing some of the engineering and some of the improvement on its own? And Can it, that's scary because then it's making kind of choices then it's becoming the lifeguard, it's becoming the water and the coast guard.


Yeah. So this is something, I mean, my personal thought is, I think this is something we should kind of watch a little bit and we should make sure that humans always are, have this sort of like steering wheel and the, the sort of control over, because like you're saying get, you know, it's like kind of a slippery slope before that gets kind of, you know, a little, a little weird. But, but I, I don't, I think that like we can, we, we can maintain that, we can make sure that we don't let the, the AI just sort of like keep iterating and improving on its own. Yeah. And in the end you can always shut off your computer and phone and go for a walk, huh? Yes. Yeah, totally. It's not like it's gonna come out and just, you know, slurp you off or something if you're trying to be straight or whatever, you know, and it's a man I don't even know is AI male or female?


I don't think it has a, I don't think it has a gender. Wow. Yeah. I wonder if it'll decide one day they'll be like, Hey, I'm frank, you know? Well There's, there are companies that try to program the AI to adopt various personas and Oh yeah, I got the Indian GPS guy turn right. You know, like, like on on meta on like Instagram or whatever. You can get a, you can get an AI that has aquafina's voice, for example. Oh, that's Cool. Yeah. And it's funny, you know, the Aquafina AI is funny. You're a self-made billionaire, which is pretty fascinating. Congratulations. I think, you know, to have a, i I think that money is energy kind of, and it kind of flows to certain places and stuff and congratulations.


That's gotta be fascinating. Was that scary when that kind of happened? Yeah. That you just made some money? Was that kind of a scary thing? Did you guys grow up really well? Like, what was that like? No, no, no. I grew up, I think like solidly middle class. Like we weren't, we, you know, we weren't, we weren't like, Y'all weren't trapping or anything. You guys were Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But, but like, you know, solidly middle class. And I think like, I mean, one of the, one of the, one of the crazy things about tech and the tech industry is that, you know, we've been, we've been just sort of like building this thing up over time, but one of the things that that happened is AI all of a sudden became like, there was so much progress in AI and it became the biggest thing in the world, right?


Like, I mean, all of a sudden, you know, anywhere I go, I'm, everybody is talking about ai. It didn't used to be like that when I started the company, right. AI was just kind of a, like a, a niche topic. And now it's like, you know, anywhere you go, like, I'll just be walking around and I hear like random conversations about, for sure chat, GBT and AI and robots and all this stuff. And, and so it's kind of been crazy to be experience that and be a part of that wave and kind of like, you know, I started working on this company almost nine years ago, so it was like when I started working on this kinda obscure thing and, you know, I always knew that it was gonna become bigger, but IWI could have never predicted what was gonna happen to ai.


Yeah, Yeah. It's fascinating. It's almost like you were just standing on like the bingo number they got called kind of a spike. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. By time. Yeah. And it's surreal. Oh, it's surreal when that happens. Yeah. Oh yeah. I can only imagine that. Are your parents pretty proud of you? What's that like? Yeah, so at first they were like, you know, at first I dropped outta college, right? Oh Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And in Asian culture, that's like not a thing you do, right? Not good. Yeah. Yeah. That is like the opposite of being Asian. Well, well, my parents both have PhDs. My two, bro, I have two older brothers. They both have PhDs. Like everybody in my family has, they've gone through all of schooling.


They're Like, Alex is not doing good. No, that might have been Spanish, but they're like, yeah, Alex is not doing good. Yeah. So they were, they were pretty worried at first. And I kind of, I told them a little bit of a white lie that I was like, oh no, I'm, I'm just going, I'm gonna go back, you know, I'm gonna finish. I'm gonna get this like tech thing outta my system and I'll go back and I'll finish school. Obviously that hasn't happened yet. But, but yeah, they were worried at first. Now they're, now they're super proud. Yeah. They're super duper proud. And I, yeah. And I, I owe everything to my parents, you know? Yeah. They're, they're awesome. And like seriously, they're, they're, my parents are super brainy. They're, they're both physicists.


They would like teach me about physics growing up and teach me about math. And that's what led me be so good at the competitions, you know? That's cool. Yeah. I don't even, I think do, are your parents are your grandparents from China or? No, My grandparents are from China. Yeah. Okay. Did your pa does your family have a lot of Chinese culture? So this is kind of interesting, this is true for a lot of Chinese Americans, is that there's kind of like, there's Chinese culture and then that's kind of almost like, it's very different from the Chinese Communist party and the current government. Because basically one way to think about China is, I mean, China has been, is a, is a culture and a civilization that's been around for like thousands and thousands of years, right?


So it's the, there's a very longstanding culture. Oh yeah. But that's very different from the current communist party and the current communist regime. Oh, for sure. I think most people probably think of, I mean, I don't know. I have to, it's funny, I never thought about that. I definitely think about him as different. I definitely don't think if I see a Chinese person, I don't think, oh, that's a communist person. Yeah, exactly. I mean, that would be, yeah, that's cra I think that's crazy. If some people thought that I just, yeah, I think somebody has a crazy long history. Like, damn. And then maybe almost a Do you feel like there's ch some people in certain parts of China are almost like a captured people then? Is it? Do you think that's a Yeah, I mean the, the Uyghurs that we're talking about, I mean, that's just like, oh, that's a great point.


Horrible. What's happening to them? I didn't even know about that, man. Thanks for putting me up on that Uyghur game. Yeah, yeah. No, it's, I mean, some of the stuff like, I mean, we don't really, like, first of all, the world is a, is a huge place and there's like all sorts of both great and bad things happening all over the place. Yeah. But, but yeah, no, I think that, like, I think a big part of this is like, we wanna make sure we have, we have governments that, that believe in democracy, believe in liberty, these kinds of things. Yeah. With being somebody that's able to be smart and conceptualize stuff. Do you start to get an, do you have any insight? This might be the last question that I have for you. Do you have any insight on like, the afterlife or what happens?


Like, I never really thought about it for like talking to like a real math guy about that. Yeah. I think Like what's the total, like what's the sum zero game or whatever, you know, what's the Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess like, the way I've always thought about it, because partially 'cause both my parents were physicists was, I, I kind of always feel like people live on with their ideas and their kind of like, like what are the things they, the things they put out into the world. That's kind of how you live on. 'cause like in, in math, like everything you learn about is like a theorem named after a different person or a, or sort of idea named after some they're the first mathematician or the first scientist or whatever to figure that out.


Like Einstein lives on because Bagels, that was a shitty joke, but thank you. Oh yeah. Because yeah, because the, yeah. All e equals mc squared, all that kind of stuff. Yeah. So, So I kind like, I know what that kind of stuff is. Jesus, sorry. But I start pretending No, No, no, exactly. E squares. That's Einstein. And so, So I think I always feel like people Yeah. You live on by your ideas and, and kind what you put out into the world. And that's kind of always how I've thought about it. So you don't get some deeper thought about like, like since your brain is able to be, 'cause you have probably a unique brain, right. And more, I mean, you know, and everybody has a unique brain, but I've just never asked somebody with your, I've never asked your brain this question.


Yeah. Do you ha do you get some further insight about like, what you think happens when you die, you know? Well, I think that one of the things that gets talked about a lot in Silicon Valley where I live especially, is like the simulation. Whether it's all simulation and whether like, I don't, do you watch Rick and Morty? I don't watch it, but I'll start. There's a, there's, there's some, there's some episodes where it gets into this and I think it, it covers it in a, in a pretty good way. But like, you know, what if every, what if all of humanity is just like a, like a, almost like a, an experiment or a video game that, that some other civilization is running. Yeah. That's kind of the one that that fucks with.


Particularly like people's mind in tech a lot because we're like, every day, all day, every day we're out there trying to make computers and make simulations and make things that are, that are like more and more sophisticated and advanced and capable. And so kind of the mind fuck is like, oh, what if everything we know is, is just kind of the, you know, a simulation from some other civilization or If we advanced it enough that we're able to make this happen Yeah. And seem real. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So, you know, yeah. I think, I think one of the things that, that like with AI and with a bunch of other things, like in, well even just in the past like 30, 40 years, video games have gotten so much more realistic, right?


Yeah. Crazy realistic. Yeah. So it was, we've seen that happen like in a hundred years. Like would we be able to simulate something that feels pretty realistic? I mean, probably Right. Could we be avatars? Yeah. For some, for some other thing. Yeah, exactly. Damn, dude. I'll say this. My avatar is a pervert brother. Have you met any guys like Jensen Hong, is that his name? Yeah. Yeah. You have. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Wow. What is it like when you meet some of these guys? Have you met Elon yet? Met Elon, yeah. Oh, met Elon a few years ago. Yeah. Wow. Got to know him. He's the fucking, he's the, he's turned Jensen's the goat. Yeah, Kanye.


He is. He is. Yeah. He always wears this leather, you see that leather jacket? Yeah. He, we hosted this dinner And Wong, is that a Chinese name? Huang Wong. Yeah. He's Taiwanese, I think. Yeah. Or Taiwanese American. But he, he in, in 2018, so when we were like a, a baby company, we threw this dinner in, in Silicon Valley and, and we just kind of, I kind of yolo invited him. This was, you know, years and years ago. And, and I didn't expect it, but he said yes. And he came to our dinner and he, he came, he came, it was, it was like at this restaurant in, in Silicon Valley.


And he came and just told the craziest stories. He, he like went to, he went to boarding school. I think he's probably told this story, but like, he went to boarding school and his parents, when they came to America, they, they, they wanted to send him to boarding school, but they didn't. And so they just sent him to like the first boarding school that they, they like found on Google or something. Or like found it wasn't even Google at the time. So that, that they like heard about. And that boarding school happened to be kind like a rehab boarding school. So it was like, he was like this, It's a fucking, it's a halfway house. He's just in there, he's there learning with people who are detoxing.


Yeah. So he, he told me this story about, he told this story about how he was like, he was just like, this, this kid at, you know, this boarding school that where like everybody else had these, like all these crazy backgrounds. And he, like, he got by and made, made his way through that school by like, by like doing everyone's math homework and like, you know, kinda like wheeling and dealing that way. Oh yeah. And you could see that he, he learned how to like wheel and deal and sell and all this stuff from pro, all the way from way back then. 'cause he was, he was, I mean his, his hi, his story is pretty crazy really. But yeah, we have to Research him a little bit. Maybe we would get to talk with him one day. Yeah. Jensen Jenssen's awesome.


Yo, all these people in tech, they're like, I mean, they're all real people, but they all have the craziest backgrounds. Yeah. Yeah. Man, it's just so funny. Whenever I met you, I just didn't know. I, I figured that since you were with Sam Altman that you were probably a tech guy, you know? And, but yeah, I didn't know, I think maybe somebody said he's in the AI verse, you know, but you just seem like such a totally normal, like I would not have thought that you were just, I don't know, I guess something you'd think like somebody's gonna be, they're gonna be like super quiet or, you know, not have a lot of different thoughts, but yeah, it was cool man. We Had Hadda. Good time. I'm glad we got to Yeah. Link up. Yeah, totally. That was cool, bro. You're probably like my, you might even be my first Chinese friend.


I'll think second probably Bobby Lee. Oh, There you go. Who's denying it? But he'll come around. Alexander Wang. Man, thank you so much, dude. I bet your whole family's super proud of you. Yeah, just exciting man. Thank you for coming and spending time with us and just helping us learn. And thank No, thank you. This was awesome. And I, I think like, I mean, we were talking about this before, but I just wanna make sure that like, people all around the world, especially Americans, aren't scared of ai. 'cause it's gonna be, it's gonna be really cool and it's gonna be amazing, but we need to remove the boogeyman component and, and thanks for helping me do that. Yeah. No man. I think I, I definitely feel differently about it.


I feel like it's a tool that I can use. Right. And even I don't know how to use it. So I'm trying to figure out, you know, one more question. How do you keep it from becoming like a, like a advertisement trap house? Like the internet's become, like the internet's just popups and ads and fucking Best Buy, trying to like, beat you over the head on some shit. Like how do you stop that? How do you keep that out of like you guys' waters? Or do you have to go there at some point to make money? Make money? Yeah. First I'm hoping that, that we vo like the AI industry as a whole avoids advertising as much as possible because, because it's kind of, it's very different. Like it is a tool that, that people can use and people can use to start businesses or make movies or make all these like, different ideas happen.


And I, I would much rather it be a tool that doesn't get sort of, that doesn't become Yeah. Like an advertising thing versus like, I wanted to make sure it's a tool that helps people first and foremost. So that's that. I, I think this is, there's kind of like a AdChoices here and, and we as an AI industry just gotta, I think make some of the right choices. Yeah. I think there would be value in staying as pure as you could if you could find a way to, you know, if there's other money to be made on the side. It, it almost seems sometimes like it could be a trap, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's, that's like, you know, I, I wanna make sure that, that people don't feel like they're being used by the ais. I think that'd be a really, that'd be really bad if we ended up there.


So we, you know, and I, that I don't think we need to make it like that at all. Like, I think we can, we can make sure the AI is helping you do things is, is super helpful. Is super, is like a thought partner, is it, is like an, like an assistant. Like those are things that I think we wanna make sure AI stays. Gang baby Wang gang. Alexander Wang. Man, thanks so much bro. Yeah, thanks so much for having me. Yeah, It was awesome man. Danny Kane, shout out to Danny who came up and Danny lives in Franklin, right? We gotta get to spend some time with him. Yeah. Lives in Franklin. Whenever you're out there, boy. And shout out to Alex Brustowitz who, who we met through. Yeah. Who, who else on your team's here, man, today We have Joe Osborne.


Yeah. And, and we have Danny's whole crew. So Ian and Clayton. Yeah. Nice. We'll have to get a group picture. We'll put it up at the end. Thank you guys. Have a go man. I just On feel like these I must be, but when I reach that ground, I'll, this piece of, I can.