
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please, for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


I wanna let you know we've restocked all your favorites on the Merch site. Everything is in stock. You can show up the yvonne store.com. And thank you so much for the support. I have some new tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Chicago, Illinois on April 24th at the Wintrust Arena, Fort Wayne, Indiana on April 26th at the Allen County War, Memorial Coliseum and Miami, Florida on May 10th at the Kase Center. We also have tickets remaining in East Lansing, Victoria, BC In the Canada College Station.


Belton, Texas, Oxford, Mississippi, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Nashville, Tennessee, Winnipeg in the Canada, and Calgary in the Canada. All tickets at Theo Von dot com slash TO. Uur. Today's guest is a comedian. He's an actor. He is a filmmaker. He is an innovator. He's a vi, he's a, he's a visual entrepreneur who really laid the blueprint for podcasting and prank shows in all types of genres. He's had one of the most unique and legendary careers in comedy from the Tom Green Show on MTV to as many movies. Like Freddy Got Fingered Road Trip. He just dropped three new projects on Prime video, a comedy special, a documentary, and a scripted show.


We'll get into all that. We're excited to welcome Canada's son, Mr. Tom Green. Tom Green. It's your first day back in LA in four years, did You say? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It feels good actually. It's, yeah, it was weird. I just moved four years ago. It was kind of a somewhat spontaneous decision, you know, when Covid happened, remember that, and everything stopped and all of a sudden, you know, I've been touring and all of a sudden everybody stopped touring right in at the beginning.


Yeah. Everything kind of just stopped. I think, I'm trying to, I'm trying to remember if it, was it just me that stopped, or did everyone stop? Everyone Stopped. Yeah. Yeah. So about the first six months or so of that, I was kinda what I'm gonna do. And then I, I just kind of realized I, well, I got this, I was telling you about my van, I got this van, and I started going out into the desert and making videos and stuff Here outside of la, Just outside la And I loved being out in the desert so much and just waking up in the morning with the cup of coffee and just looking at the sun coming up over the mountains and just the peacefulness of that. Yeah, it's out in the Mojave Desert. That was like the first day of the trip, I think, four years ago. And so then, you know, I just decided to sell my house.


I doubt I'd been in my house for 18 years. I sold my house and went back to Canada and bought a farm near where my parents live and just, I can't believe four years went by, but yesterday was first day back in Los Angeles in the van. We drove back down to the van. So I've been touring with my fiance who you just met. I have a fiance now. Went back to Canada. I've got a fiance from Canada now. Yeah, Good Choice. And, and we came back in the van and, and just drove into town yesterday. And it's pretty weird because it's like, it feels like I, nothing's really, it, it kind of makes you think about time. Time is weird, you know? 'cause I went away for four years and then you come back and I drove past my house that I lived in for almost 20 years.


And now I'm staying in a hotel right down across from where the house is. I can actually see the house from the hotel room. I sort of did that on purpose 'cause I thought it would be weird. And, and, you know, I'm going to the, I went to Arts Deli, you know, I lived sort of in the studio city area here. And I went to Arts Deli and got my, my same pastrami sandwich and my, my chicken noodle soup. And, and I've been going to some of the same restaurants, just been here for a day. And I'm, it doesn't feel like it's been four years. It feels like I, I actually, I'm driving here, you know, today I was, I sort of almost forgot that I didn't, didn't live here anymore. I kept thinking, oh, I'll go back to my house after. Oh, right. I don't live here anymore. So that's, that's a, that's a strange thing.


But, and in on the flip side, in the last four years, I've got a farm, which I've now really settled into. I've got these incredible animals, which are now I'm really bonded with this mule and this donkey, and two horses and chickens. And it's just like this, it's sort of been an incredible, incredible journey the last four years. So, yeah, it's been cool. Was it something that you always wanted to have? You feel like a farm? I guess every human kind of maybe feels something like that. I'm gonna get a little bit of land, I'm gonna get some animals. Was it that or was it, you know, it's weird 'cause I never really imagined having a mule, you know, like, and riding a mule every day. I didn't grow up with that.


You know, I grew up in the suburbs of Ottawa, Canada. I'm outside of Ottawa, but, but, and a Mule's kind of like the El Camino of horses in a way. Yeah. You know, it's very much the, you know what I'm saying? It's not, it's not me saying, Hey, I'm gonna get a horse. It's like, I'm gonna get a mule. Yeah. Yeah. I, I sort of thought, initially I thought it would be kind of funny. And then the mule, I happened to find, find Fannie is her name, and she's this beautiful mule. She's this huge animal. And, and that's key of the donkey in the background. And so, and so, it's just become this sort of amazing change. But yeah, I, you know, I, I initially I hadn't, I hadn't really thought of necessarily getting a farm with a mule and all this stuff, but I, I wanted to get a place that was kind of in nature, really was.


And then the, the, the farm happened to have these old barns on it. And I thought, oh, it'd be kind of cool to get a, a mule in those barns. So I, I, I now am very much loving life up there. I get up in the morning and I have saddler up and ride off into the wilderness. It's pretty cool. Really. Yeah. So does it fe and that's never something that you wanted, that was never like a thing of your whole life? Like, I wanna have this thing, it just kind of, Yeah, I mean, I lo I always loved animals. I, you know, I, I've, I've my dog Charlie, and I've always enjoyed being outdoors. But I mean, it just, it just kind of, I know every once in a while, you know, you know, sometimes when an idea pops into your head and then you just go with it and then all of a sudden you've done it.


This is like that. Except I, it sort of occurred to me afterwards, you know, as, as I was doing, I was realizing, you know, I'm gonna have this mule for the rest of my life. You know, like, they live to be donkeys live to be up to 40, 50 years old. Oh my God. Really? And he is only three, so. So it's a lifelong commitment. And Donkey could live after you. Absolutely. She pro. She probably will. But yeah. So it's so, but it's, you know, it's, it's, I think maybe I was looking for something that would kind of ground me and, you know, give me that home base that I needed. You know, this is the first, this is the first time I've ever lived somewhere where I know I'm gonna be there for the rest of my life. Wow. You know, I'm, I've planting trees. Yeah. And like, I'm thinking, oh, in 20 years I'm gonna, that tree's gonna be, and these trees are gonna be bigger.


And I'm kind of, sort of plotting out things that way. And a Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. I can totally relate with that. And what you're saying about la la just feels like this kind of, it's almost like LA doesn't have a memory in it. It feels like, I don't know other places. I think especially if it's a place that's a little more grounded, it feels maybe more meaningful for some reason. I don't know. Yeah. It's, I mean, it's weird. I moved here, I moved here when I was 28. I think it was 28 or 29 when I moved to la. I'm 53 now. And I mean, I, I loved it. I Had Hadda great time here. I, I wasn't, I wasn't leaving LA 'cause I didn't You like la or anything? It was just, it was more, I wanted to be close to my parents and they're still doing good.


And I wanted to be close to family and, and stuff. And, but, but yeah, it's, it, it is a, it is a unique place for sure. People come here from all over the world, pursue their dreams and, and there's sort of a energy there that's exciting. But, you know, when you, as I got a little older, you know, I, I left when I was 50 and, you know, not married, no kids. Covid happened. Wake up, I'd been in my house for 18 years, the real estate market went up. I was like, oh, maybe I should sell it now. As opposed to, you know, five years ago I wouldn't have wanted.


So there was a moment in time, maybe I'll sell this place, you know, that had been living in, for 20 years, waiting for the right moment to, to feel like it was time to go. And, 'cause I don't know, I kind of felt like I, I wanted to be back where I grew up. You know? I mean, you're not, you're not from here either. So, you know, it's, there's something, there's something, there's something very sort of, I guess, deep that you feel when you're home, you know? I know I'm sure where you're from. Tennessee. I'm From Tennessee. I'm from Louisiana. I live in Tennessee now. Louisiana. Louisiana. Yeah. But yeah, it gives you, yeah, there's a sense of like, yeah. That you've been out of your soil for a long time. Yeah. You know, that you've kind of, like, When you go back to Louisiana, you must feel like, oh, now I'm at home.


Right. This home. Oh, there's definitely a ton of nostalgia that I love. You know, I think it makes sense that a part of you wants to kind of go back where you came into the world at or be there. Yeah. You know, to be, see people that care about me. Yeah. See that, see people that I care about. I wonder if you've gotten enough of the ad, like the adventure out of your system. In some ways you can still have the adventure, but just have it from there, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And I think also the part, like you're saying about this is the first time you'd ever like planted plants, you're like, I'll see these. I've always felt like my life was very transient. Like I was just passing by. I've never been the type of guy to get like, a lot of furniture or artwork or anything.


I'm always just like, I don't know how long I'm gonna be here. And it's always, and here I'm in my forties and it's still like, I still kind of operate like that, but at a certain point it's like, yeah, you want something that's a little bit more settling. And if you found a fiance, I'm sure that kind of helped a little bit. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Amanda's here we're, it's her first time in Los Angeles. Nice. At least you get to be a host and a tour guy. Yeah. That's kind of nice. Showing around my, my old hometown. My, my new old hometown. Yeah. Yeah. And a camper too, dude. What was that about? Yeah. So that's, that's been pretty wild. It's so like, 'cause when I got this van, I, I kind of got pretty good at it. Like going to really remote places in the American southwest, particularly like in New Mexico, Utah, Zion, you go to Zion.


Yeah, I went to Zion. I did camp in Zion. But like, there's, there's, there's this other kind of land called BLM Land. It's Bureau of Land Management land that is basically all of the desert and land that is owned by the US government. It's managed by the Bureau of Land Management. And they, they, they'll cut roads into the desert and they'll put sort of campsite areas with fire pits and stuff. They kind of keep it somewhat organized so that people don't go driving all around the desert and trash in the desert. They have these roads and stuff. So you can get, I got this app, it's called Dirt, DYRT. It's like, it's basically an app that gives you all the different locations of these sort of really obscure places that are not even in national parks or anything.


D-U-I-R-T. Yeah. Yeah. And so it kind of like, you find stuff that is just unbelievable. Like, you know, I, I sort of can't stop talking about it to, to people that don't know about it. But like, I mean, you may know about Chaco Canyon, but I'd never heard of it before. It was, it's this, it's, it's in New Mexico. And in fact, if you go to my last YouTube video on my YouTube channel, that's just a video I shot a couple of days ago. And you can scroll down to like the second video. Go the second video. This is Chaco Canyon. So this is like Native American ruins that are essentially like built in the year 875.


It's like, wow. You know, and it's like the, it's a city, you know, it's like a city in the desert. And it's just out there in the middle of northern New Mexico. This, this is Amanda, my fiance Amanda. And Yeah, I think so. I'm just going around making these videos and, but you'll see, like, look at this place. So it's like, you know, everyone always talks about Machu Picchu and Peru and they talk about all these incredible things in, you know, ancient, you know, you know, places. But like the fact that you can just drive outta Albuquerque, you know, drive north of Albuquerque, you know, I, Wow, this is there. Yeah. This Is there. And, and it's really remote. Like it's on the Navajo Nation land.


And so we just were out there camping for four nights and Wow. Exploring and hiking off into this beautiful desert and Getting some good rest out there. Do you get good rest when you're out on the road? Oh Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. God, that's Nice. Yeah, it's nice. Just, it's quiet. That's the tough thing to get, man. It's Cooking on the campfire and, and it's just been fun. And I, I enjoy photography, you know? And so You, you're shooting this really, really well. Yeah, I, I got sort of lots of different cameras and stuff and I, I like to kind of do that. So it's, there's something about shooting out in the desert that's just so beautiful. 'cause you have these long horizons and, you know, big open spaces, but, and there's an energy there that is just something that's hard to put your finger on.


But it just, you know, I, I always kind of, sort of, I never really kind of really maybe didn't even believe in that when I was younger. When people would talk about the energy and, you know, Sedonas got this energy. But, you know, I, I feel this energy out there that's just of the people that live there that built that place. It's, it's, it's, and, and other places like it. So it's kind of fun to go seek those places out, you know? Yeah. You'll meet a lot of women. You're like, I never have a period when I'm in Sedona or whatever. And you're like, well that's what are we talking? You know what I'm saying? Like, but there's some crazy Yeah. You met a lot of women that have said that. Or, I mean, I just think you meet a lot of women Yeah. Who are, you know, A very specific thing for a lot of people to have said. But Yep. A lot of women who are keeping crystals in the wrong places, probably, you know?


But yeah, you meet a lot of wow of people who are into that sort of thing. But I think that's probably like, I mean, the natives, it always feels to me like the natives are probably so in touch, more in touch with the earth and locked in on like, the feeling of like, the best places to be. That's why they love to be, and like the Dakotas and in the Black Hills and stuff like that. And so to be able to go to one of those ruins I bet, I bet there's still a lot of like, just a lot of prehistoric or like native connection that's just looking for souls to pass through, you know? Yeah. What you just said is like really interesting. 'cause I was talking to a, basically an archeologist the other day, and he said exactly what you just said. Like, there's this thing called intuitive arche archeology, where they go.


'cause there's still stuff out in the desert that people haven't even found yet. Like it's, that's how big it is and how vast it is. And so they go out into these canyons in northern Arizona and Utah looking for signs of, you know, ancient settlements and stuff. And, you know, they're sort of taught to intuitive archeology. If you're in a place that feels like it would be a nice place to have lived, you know, a beautiful place, yeah. There's a good chance your, that feeling is correct. And then you should sort of listen to that instinct and start looking for signs of ancient civilization. But it's pretty amazing because you do feel something out there.


I dunno, I was, I was talking about this friend the other day too. Like, you ever go in like an old comedy club that's been, you know, like Zanies in Nashville or downtown Chicago is an old club, you know, and you see all the old pictures from the comics from back in the seventies and eighties and, and it's, you know, that club's been there forever. And you kind of feel the energy of, of, you see a lot of comics that have passed away on the wall and you say, oh my God, Sam Kinison performed here. You know, I can sort of feel that energy of Yeah. The performance in the room, you know, so, you know, that's, that's from 40 years ago or whatever.


But now you take it back to the year 875, you're out in the desert. And this, this place, Chaco Canyon was a whole society, like where they did trading and people came from all over North America there. And so it's, it's a very peaceful thing that it's, I I, I do enjoy it quite a bit. And is that something that you and your fiance have kind of something you've really, is that something you guys have found you like doing together? I mean, so, because to go camping, a lot of people would end up getting separated usually. I feel like This is her first time actually really coming to throughout a lot of the United States too. So she's, she's from Canada and hasn't been out to the desert before, so, but she's, I mean, she's, she's, we're having fun, you know?


Yeah. We're having fun out there. But it's, it's, you know, we just have, this is our first trip doing this, so it's been cool. Was it scary to get engaged? Because you've been married before? Yeah, briefly. Yeah. I was briefly married to You. And then you had, It was a long time ago too. Yeah. And you hadn't been married since though? No, No, no. Okay. It's first time engaged since, you know, no, it was not scary because, because That was Drew Barrymore. Right? It's 27 in the two thou early two thousands or Something. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. But no, it wasn't scary because Amanda is amazing, you know, So I knew it was, it was the, it was the, the right thing, the, the right. This was, this was the thing to do. This Had Hadda be done. So that Feels like the hardest decision.


Yeah. I think that's the thing. Like, yeah, I would like to get married, you know, and I'm just thinking like, man, that day when you're like, all right, I guess I'm gonna get married today. That sounds crazy when I say that out loud. You know, you're A young guy too, you know, to, To think that There was a lot of things that happened that, you know, I dunno if you wanna talk about, you know, I'm talking a lot about energy, but coincidences and synchronicity and things like this. I moved back to Canada and I have a pond on my property, and in the winter it freezes over and I shoveled the snow off the pond and I was playing hockey on the pond, like skating, playing hockey on the pond. Shot a video of that and put it up on the social medias.


There we go. Wow. That's beautiful. Yeah. And here we are out at the, out at the pond. Wow. You got a fast guy on the draw out there on the, I just literally just said that. And he instantly found, yeah, we're, we're, so we're drilling a hole in the pond here. And, and that's, and then we can pump the water outta that back on top of the pond and give it a nice, smooth, icy. That's my friend Ryan. Oh, Wait, so what are you using here to do this? This is a, it's just A little sort of a kind, some sort of a ice auger or some sort. Okay. So that, so you take the hole and then you pump out The water out. Then we pump, we gonna stick a fire hose down in there and we pump water out of it. We pump it up on top of the, of the, of the ice and just basically flood the ice. And then it freezes. 'cause at night, and then we get nice, some nice smooth ice out there.


How long does that process take? Just a day. You know, this just took a day. The next morning was completely, completely frozen, but then you get two feet of snow and then you gotta do it all over again. Oh. But, which kind of puts a damper on it. Wow. This is so cool. So that right there that you're on is a lake. It's a pond. It's it's a pond, yeah. Pond. Okay. So that's a pond. There's the dock. Yeah. So usually it's water. Yeah. Yeah. It's usually, right now you cut the holes, you're pumping the water out of the Yeah, it pond. Yeah. Onto the top of the ice on the top, which is on the top of the pond. Yeah. And then it gets, it's cold, you know, it's below zero. So then the next morning it was pretty much ready to, now normally you would shovel it off first, but we just kind of, were kind of a little lazy about that, I guess. Yeah. And we just flooded it instead, which it ended up working out fine, but probably would've been better if we shoveled it off first.


But that seems like that would've been a lot of work. Yeah. You don't need to do that. Yeah. But there you go. See? And then hot. So yeah. So we were doing this, and then I was, I was shooting these videos, playing hockey. There we go. I got check. This is the next day. Yeah. It's Like probably the next day. Yeah. So this is a common practice in Canada. Well, you know, if you have a pond, I, I mean that right? That those are the, those are the barns in the background. That's the, my house up there behind there. And so, wow. You know, I, we used to do it in my backyard when I was a kid. Like we used to flood the backyard. And Yeah, Gretzky talked about that right. When he was on it, he talked about g about flooding his backyard. That's Cool. Yeah. Pretty cool. That's amazing. The great one. Yeah. Yeah. So I saw him with the inauguration. He lost a tooth.


Okay. It Fell at the inauguration. He lost a tooth. Yeah. I chipped my tooth and I walked up to him. I was like, man, I chipped my tooth. And he is like, Oh, yeah. And he showed me this, and he fricking lost one. Him and his wife were looking for it on the ground. Oh, Okay. But it, it, it had been knocked out previously in a hockey game of Some sort. Yeah. Something like, I think he, He didn't get punched out at the inauguration? No. Okay. I think he could have been shocked by some things he saw. Maybe, maybe that took it out. But yeah, he was just missing a grill piece at the inauguration. It is just pretty bizarre, Man. That's cool. Yeah, dude, that's amazing. So these are the types of things you're spending time doing up there. You really document it really beautifully. And a lot of that doesn't even have a lot of audio with it. It's really just seeing, I've noticed this in some of your videos. It's just kind of seeing what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of like to just kind of do these sort of ambient sort of, sort of things to kind of just kind of bring you into a certain place.


I, I, I like, it's sort of like, it's like I like photography. This is just doing it with video and Yeah. Being, being there. But after I posted that video, Amanda, my fiance, she saw it and she sent me a message on Instagram. This is how we met. And it was a video of a Zamboni, a do it yourself Zamboni. Mm. Which is what a Zamboni is, what you use to clean off the ice in a hockey rink. Right? Yeah. And so it was this homemade one. And we started, I just started talking to her. 'cause I thought it was a funny thing to send. And we turns out we went to the same elementary school and yeah, it was just sort of, it, it, it was just went from there. So. Cool. Congratulations. Yeah. Thanks man. So, And did you meet your parents yet, or no?


Oh yeah, Absolutely. She did. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Were your parents happy to have you back home? What was that like? Yeah, no, they are for sure. Yeah. No hesitation. They were excited for me to come home, believe it or not, you know, 'cause sometimes people wonder, you know, 'cause I used to do a lot of pranks on them. Do they still talk to you? Oh, yeah. You know, but my parents, we were always very close. Even when I was doing my show on MTV and, you know, doing pranks on them and, you know, annoying them with the video camera. They would sort of laugh afterwards. And, and we've, you know, always Had Hadda very close relationship. They're, they're actually in my new show on, on Prime It, you know, it's sort of about me moving home. Okay. Show's about me moving home.


That's not the, I Got a Mule. That's not, that is it? No, That's my stand up special. Okay. That's a stand up special. That's on, that's on Prime as well right now. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a documentary on Prime and then the show called Tom Green Country and sort of, sort of about me settling in at the farm. And, and they're hilarious. I mean, they, they, they really make the show. Like there's something about their sense of humor is, is they're kind of razzing me in the new show more than me pulling pranks on them. I don't do that anymore. Kind full circle. They've retired from Yeah. Being Cranked from being a victim. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.


If you love Bitcoin or you're looking to get a crypto, then I've got the right thing for you. Introducing Moon Pay the easiest way to buy or sell crypto using the payment methods you already feel comfortable with credit card, debit, PayPal, and even Venmo. Crypto's been on a tear recently. And if you're thinking about diving into that digital treasure chest moon pay has got your back. You guys know that I've been out on crypto over the years in and out, and one of the things that's brought me back in has been Moon Pay. I like the ease of it. Using Moon Pays app is simpler than a one string guitar, and it's available on iPhone and Android. So you can always have Moon Pay in your pocket track your favorite crypto with Moon pays custom watch list, whether it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, XRP or something more exotic. You might be wondering, is Moon Pay safe? Well, their securities like Fort Knox and their support team, they're like your personal crypto bodyguards available all day every day. So if you're looking to get into crypto, there's no better place than Moon Pay. Head over to Moon pay.com/theo. Or you can access them in any of your favorite crypto wallets. Moon Pay, that's where I'll be.


I'm ready to optimize my nutrition this year. That is the truth and Factor is gonna help. Factor has Chef made gourmet meals that make eating well easy. They're dietician approved and ready to heat and eat in two minutes. So you can fuel right and feel great no matter what life throws at you. Factor arrives fresh and fully prepared. Perfect for any active, busy lifestyle. With 40 options across eight dietary preferences on the menu each week. It's easy to pick meals. Tailored dear goals. Choose from preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus or Keto. And one of my favorite recent meals is Smokey Goa Chicken. Mm. Eat Smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor podcast and use Code Factor podcast to get 50% off your first box plus free shipping. That's Code Factor podcast@factormeals.com slash fac TOR podcast to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box.


When you look back on it, do you ever, do you ever able to figure out a reason why you liked to record things or like what you got out of like, you know, as, 'cause as we get older, we, you kind of start to get a little bit of a, like a overview kind of, of ourselves even, you know, in the world, maybe a little bit, a little bit of an idea of what we have been doing in the world. You ever able to figure any of that out? Kind of like the reasoning behind some of it? Like why you liked capturing things? Yeah. Or why you liked, like pulling the wool over people's or, you know? Yeah, I think there was kind of a, a few layers to that for sure. I mean, that's a cool question. It's a great question. 'cause like, One, one thing was we never really had, you know, you know, a video camera or, you know, you know, when I was, I grew up in the eighties, so we didn't have a video camera or a, even in a film camera, we didn't even take a lot of photos and you know, we, we didn't, that was kind of expensive.


You know, people that Had Hadda video camera though, they had like, you know, a lot of money. Oh yeah. They Had Hadda video camera. We never Had Hadda video camera, you know, and so when all of a sudden they became somewhat attainable, you know, I, I would, I would sort of sign one out at school and I would, I found that it was kind of a, first of all, I loved comedy, So I loved, you know, David Letterman. I loved watching him go out in the street and, you know, do stuff. And I loved, you know, Monty Python and you know, just SCTV and I just loved comedy. I was, I was start was doing standup comedy in Ottawa when I was 16 years old. And like I was, would go down to watch, you know, norm McDonald, you know?


Oh yeah. He was Oh yeah. His twenties, you know, and I was just like, it was sort of a, this amazing thing and I somehow had this sort of feeling that if I could just get a video camera and go film stuff that, you know, maybe I could, you know, make a show or whatever. But it was also a skateboarder, you know. And that was, that was sort of skateboarding videos where, holy shit, look at this. This is amazing. Great. Right there, handsome. How did you find that so fast? Yeah, they're me at 16 years old. Yuck. Yucks. Yeah. Yeah. How did you find that so fast? I don't even know how you must have had that in advance. That, that is unbelievable. There's some sort of weird algorithm here or something like that. I don't Know if they did or not, but Yeah, it looks great. Wow. Yeah. You look so Yeah, look at that microphone too.


It's like, I don't even, they didn't even use the right microphone back then, but, but I, no, I just, I dunno, I, I often kind of like think there's something about like, I dunno, I think I've always been really afraid of the concept of like, being dead, you know, like being gone and like there being no sort of, you know, recollection of anything that you've ever done. Right. Yeah. And I always found it interesting to just kind of document things and just record things and that'll be there, you know, in some electronic way floating around there forever.


And it sort of feels in a little way, like kind of like, sort of a weird, kind of a immortality in a way. You know? I think that's kind of what fascinates me about these, these ruins in the desert too. Like, these people came and built these things in the year 8 75, and now I'm walking through it and looking at it and filming it and talking about it with you. And so they're kind of in a way kind of remembered, you know? Yeah. And then there was also just kind of the blatant, you know, when I was younger, I was a little, quite a bit different than I am now. I think I've calmed down quite a bit. Like when I was younger, I really always needed to be kinda like, you know, the center of attention, the class clown moving around a lot. It was, was weird as a kid.


So to me it seemed like a really good way of just kind of, you know, documenting all of this silliness, you know? And, and I loved it, you know, I loved filming stuff and showing it to Yeah. People at school. And It was just fun. Well, you captured so much. You were one of the first people really to just capture shit and just show it to people kind of in a, you know, like, kind of like, not shit, but I mean, just cat, you Know? Yeah. No shit. For sure. Yeah. Actually actual shit was involved quite a bit too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We're gonna capture shit and show it to you. Yeah. Yeah. You like, what do you mean? Like, this is what we mean, and I can totally relate to what you said about dude. I used to, when I was, I guess probably turning around 20 to probably 28, I would make postcards and I would send 'em to my kids that weren't even born yet.


Like, whenever I was traveling somewhere, I would send them, I would make them out to my kids. I just wanted my kids to know that I'd been, I needed there to be some Yeah. Record that I like, cared about my children, even though they weren't here yet. Wow. Which is kind of a crazy thing's, but it's, it made me think about what you're saying, like, yeah. And I would scrapbook, I would save things. Like, I just wanted there to be like some proof that I felt something in the world and that I existed. Right. I think I just didn't, I don't know if I just didn't have a lot of that like, or I needed an insane amount of proof and so that's why I did it. But yeah, I could just, I, I could definitely relate to that, to wanting to have some timeline Yeah.


Of, So I, you know, just in case time ever showed up and said, Hey, were you here? I could buy, well, Yeah, yeah. Yes. Here I was, you know? Yeah. I could show you my homework kind of, or something, you know? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I, I can relate to that. 'cause I talk a little bit my standup special about, about not having kids and I, I, I sometimes think it's kind of a bit of a message to my future children that, you know, that I'm aware that I haven't had them yet, you know? And So I totally understand what you're saying about that. It's, yeah, I mean, it's, it's a weird thing, you know, because right, 20 years ago, nobody had, definitely, 30 years ago, nobody had video cameras really like they do now, but now everybody with their phones, everything documented, it's so normal now.


But I just put this documentary out on Prime, which is, it's called, this is the Tom Green documentary. It's sort of a play in my old theme song of my show. This is the Tom Green Show was this was the song, right? Yeah. So I went through like thousands of hours of video. I'm going back looking at, you know, 17-year-old me running around doing stuff. And it was, it was actually kind of a pretty somewhat terrifying experience actually, because it was like this opportunity to kind of tell the story of everything that happened with my show and everything that happened with my experience here in LA.


And I, I, I wanted to kind of, you know, tell the story, right? And I've got so much video and combing through all of it was at times, you know, somewhat kind of like, I would be looking at myself, like I'm looking at a completely different person and I can't even believe, you know, I'm finding things I don't even remember happening. And I'm looking at things that are just so completely bonkers and, and silly and ridiculous. And I'm like, whoa. Like sometimes I couldn't look at the tv. I'm like, oh, my wonder, what was I doing? You know? You know, that's how you made us feel. Yeah, Exactly. Was I was doing it to myself 20 years, 30 years later.


And no, I wouldn't recommend it to anybody to, to go make a documentary about yourself. Definitely hire somebody to do that and never watch it. But no, it was, it was fun because I wanted to tell the story that the right way. But, but it was also kind of very surreal. But, you know, was It hard to be true to yourself making, like, you know, making your own documentary and, and no one should probably make your documentary except for you. 'cause you're one of the rare cases it feels like that has so much, has documented themselves so much, you know? Yeah. Like, and I don't even know if it's it, I don't know if it seemed like an egotistical way. I don't think it ever came across like that of your footage. It just came across that you wanted to have control over how Yeah.


Of yourself you wanted to put yourself out there. But was it hard to make a documentary and not want to like, make yourself the hero or something? Or I don't, I've never made a documentary before. Yeah, yeah. Was there any of that in it? Or how do I make this? Yeah, It's like the first scene of the documentary I'm sitting with my mother and she actually says, are you really supposed to do direct a documentary about yourself? I mean, can't you kind of whitewash that a little bit? Are you gonna do that? Yeah, I'm gonna do that. But honestly, the, I wanted to be, you know, I wanted to be, I didn't not wanna completely like, you know, put a, a false story out there. So I think the hardest part was trying to figure out how to not be too self-deprecating.


Oh yeah. You know, because, you know, you think, you know, you know, when you get to my age, you know, you look back and you think, oh my God, I wish I hadn't done that, or I wish I hadn't done that, or I shouldn't have said that, or shouldn't have done that. And, you know, I have a lot of those things, right? They're constantly rattling around in my head and you start to think like, you know, man, maybe this is a good way for me to go and just like, apologize for everything that I perceived that I've done wrong in my life. Right? And then you have to kind of take a step back and go, well wait a minute. You know, like, that might just be in my head. You know? So I spent a lot of time talking to a lot of people about, you know, people that I know, people that I'm close with about the story of really, it's the story of the, of the show and, and takes us through the story of kind of creating the show and then building, you know, before the show with my music and then after the show with building a, you know, a sort of a web TV studio right.


In my, in here in Los Angeles. And it's sort of a telling of that story. But then I wanted to talk, you know, a bit about some of the, you know, personal sort of, you know, things that I went through. I mean, I had cancer when I was on MTV and I talked about that. I had, you know, I made, I made this movie, Freddy Got Fingered, which was, you know, not critically completely embraced. So, you know, so it's like, I, I wanted, I wanted to explain myself a bit, but then, you know, at the same time, there's a lot of people now that like the movie, believe it or not. So I didn't want to completely, you know, And hate the critics now. Yeah. Yeah. So it's sort of like, it was a, a, a very tricky balancing act.


And, and then on, on top of that, there's just so much footage and so many weird little funny clips that only I know are the ones that people like, or people have or haven't seen. And I, I kind of wanted to make sense of that all and piece it all together. I don't think anyone else would've been able to find it all, you know? Yeah. So. Hmm. But was There a project that you kind of wanted to do over the years that you didn't really nail or you didn't, that something that didn't happen? Was there something, 'cause you've just done so much stuff. I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's interesting 'cause like, in fact, that's part of what the documentary is about. 'cause like, when I was a, got into making the show, when I was growing up, all I could even imagine myself doing was I wanted to be a talk show host.


You know, I wanted to do basically a show like David Letterman Right. Have guests on, and then I go out in the street and, you know, be a nutcase, you know, do goofy stuff, right? And I got to do that, you know, a few times over the years and, you know, when those shows go away, you know, initially when that happened, you know, that was back in the day of MTV, you know, the first show I stopped when I, when I got sick. So, you know, it didn't actually get canceled, the Tom Green Show. But then when I started, I did a nightly show. It kind of, you know, when it kind of got canceled, I was thinking, oh my gosh, you know, this is the worst thing that could ever happen to me that I could ever imagine that I'm not gonna be able to do a nightly talk show.


You know, like, this just was like, yeah, this was devastating to me, you know? And as time marches on and I look at all the things that I've done instead, you know, to, you know, touring, doing standup or, or moving back to the farm and, and, and everything in between, I kind of realized, man, I'm kind of, kind of glad that actually didn't work out because I, if it, if it, if that, if that show had been a big hit, then I would've been going down to the same studio every night for the last 30 years, and I wouldn't have gotten to do all these other things, you know? So, so, you know, Freddy Got Fingered, of course, was a idiotic movie, you know, purposefully.


So, yeah. Did you guys make that yourselves? Yeah, I I wrote it with my friend Derek, and we, I directed it. And You did. Was it your first time you'd ever directed a movie? It Was, yeah. Wow. It was, but it was, we Had Hadda budget, you know, it was 20th Century Fox. We had, you know, 'cause the show was doing good on MTV, so they, they let me direct it, you know, they let me do that, which was, you know, probably a mistake. But no, they, no, it was, you know, we really pushed it to make it like we, you know, we were in our twenties, you know, so the, the idea was let's make this the craziest movie ever made. You know, it's literally, we actually believed that, yeah, we could do something like that, you know? And, and so it, it gets complicated. 'cause then, you know, how do you define failure?


You know, like it's, it, it, it came out Roger Ebert and it wasn't Cisco, it was the other guy. He had another guy there, Roper. Oh yeah, the second Street. Ebert Roper. Ebert Roper. They sent That guy in. Yeah. Even he didn't like it. He didn't, but even Roper didn't like it. I mean, it wasn't even Cisco. It was his, it was Roper, whoever That guy was. But anyways, they, they, you know, trashed it. And you're kind of thinking at the time, man, this is devastating. You know, Ebert and Roper are trashing my film, you know, but, and, and you think, oh, you, you start to question, you know, what every sort of choice you've made, you know, I don't know. This guy looks like he also likes canned sardines at the same time. So, and at this, these days, who would nobody even trust the critics anyway.


Yeah. So it's kind of funny now that it's like, yeah, At the time, like it was the end of, you know, the line if these guys trashed your movie. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's like my first Movie movie and, and every, all this stuff riding on and then these come and just destroyed it. Oh. And I remember just sitting there like watching this, just thinking, oh my gosh, this is it. You know, this is the end. And, but you know, it's, it wasn't, you know, I just kept going, kept doing my thing and, and you look back at it and go, it's kind of funny now that they, they didn't like it, you know? Yeah. It's kind of awesome that they didn't Yeah. It's weird 'cause there's a weird sort of counter intuitiveness to it. 'cause we set out to make a movie that those guys would not like, and then when they don't like it, you're upset about it. Yeah. Yeah.


It's like, I kind of thought that they would sort of see the irony and go, I know we're not supposed to like this, but actually this kid's pretty clever, you know? No, no, they didn't say that. You know? What was the budget on that movie? Do you remember? $14 million. Wow. They spent on that plus an additional 10 on, you know, promotion and ing and stuff. Yeah. And you know what? I will say it made it all back on DVD, remember? DVD? Yeah. Remember they used to put DVDs out. So I think I've, I heard it made 35 million on dvd. So actually it was a profitable mo profitable movie. Yeah. Made 14 million at the box. I'm here defending it now. It made four, it made it money back. No, look, I mean that it Made its money back. No, but it did. So it did make its money back. But you know, Ebert and Roper aren't gonna tell you that though, right?


No, they're not gonna tell you that. Well, it wasn't the Titanic, you know. No, no, No, exactly. It was, I mean, it was in a way, but in the sense that it, it, it, it, you know, it bombed, but, you know, no, it, no, it was, it was, it's funny. It's funny though, because Cool That you did it though. There was a long period of time there where I was ma made to feel like it was a really bad decision. And then in the last like 10 years, it's like, you know, all I hear are people saying they love it. You know, someone today showed me they Had Hadda, x-ray, cat tattoo, you know, like a, it is a character in the movie, you know, so it's like, it's, it is a little confusing when you talk about sort of, I mean, your question was how do you handle things like failure and things like that.


It's like, you know, it's kind of the more of those kind of things you go through, the more you kind of learn to kind of embrace it in a way. It's kind of a, it's almost a good thing, you know? Yeah. David Spit and I just wrote a movie together, not to name Drop or anything, but Nice. We did. And we just f funded ourselves and stuff. And so it's just kind of a scary time I think. So that's why I'm asking that as well. Not scary. It's, it's exciting too. But it's also like, yeah, I just, one day I'll be like, I, that's something I tried to do. I was trying to be creative and we tried our best and I got to try it with, you know, somebody who I love to watch anyway. And Oh, that's cool. So you've written it. Are you gonna go make the movie or? We already, we have five days left shooting.


Oh, you're Shooting the movie already? We shoot, We start back tomorrow. So Kind of like a Joe Dirt two three kind of thing? Or a Yeah, it's like a, no, it's a good question. It's like two guys. One of them gets hit by a vehicle. I get, my character gets hit by a car when he is young and spayed rescues me. Yeah. And he, he and I become friends then and he gets me a job years later. We're working together, like at a sewage company. Nice, nice. Like a repo man, man kind of Thing. Yeah. Type of shit. Well, you know, the thing is that you're, you're in good hands here 'cause you're with a guy that's done this a lot Before. Right? He's done It a lot and sort of season of Like, if I Had Hadda direct it to like, I like to like chime in with the director and stuff like that.


Yeah. And throw in ideas and stuff like that. And, but it's just definitely a big learning curve. Yeah. It's a lot. Yeah. So I can't imagine, especially in our budget, it's just a couple million bucks, so. Yeah. Yeah. If it were really big, that'd be really, I feel like it'd be scary kind of. Yeah. I mean, back then we were shooting on film. Oh yeah. Things cost more, you know, it was, it was at the time was considered a low budget movie. Right. But, but you know, I think, I think that, I don't know, it just seems like the way things get released these days and the ways people embrace weirdness these days, like, I'm assuming it's kind of a, a weird movie in a Yeah.


It's odd. We, yeah. It's just funny. It's just like old school funny movie. Yeah, yeah. So Like a funny movie, right? Like, you know, you have this incredible thing going with your show here. So you have your audience built in, so you, you don't really have to worry about the same things that maybe back in the day when you put out something crazy and sort of in a sea of somewhat normal movies coming out every weekend, all getting funneled through this sort of mainstream, you know, cinema, you know, Release system, right. This conglomerate. Yeah. It's Very strange. You know, like we Had Hadda take the movie and focus group it. Oh wow. And then people would sit there with pads and it was in Phoenix. We went, we flew down to Phoenix to focus group Freddy got, that's Where they do a lot of 'em, huh?


Yeah. Yeah. For some reason they do them there in Phoenix and, you know, and, and, and like, you know, then, then someone stands up after the movie and asks them what, what they didn't like about the movie. Well, with, you know, Freddy Got Fingered. I mean, we're sort of, sort of supposed to not like any of these scenes you're supposed to be, you know, kind of polarizing, right? Yes. So it didn't really kind of work with the focus group system and then you Had Hadda make changes to it and all that kind of stuff. But you probably, you guys probably are, have a lot more creative control over things Now. I think we'll just make a trailer and put it out. Yeah, yeah. You know, I'm guessing. I have no idea. Yeah. I'm just, I haven't, part of my brain hasn't even gotten to that thought, that thought yet. You know, that's Exciting. But it's, it definitely feels kind of, yeah, it feels like just like, well I wanted to, you know, we try to do it.


Who knows what'll happen, you know? Oh, it's Gonna be awesome. Absolutely. You and Spade. I'm gonna go see that. That's incredible. Well, Thanks. Yeah. I appreciate it, man. Everybody Will, everybody's gonna love that. It's gonna be interesting. Yeah. That's what I'll say. Yeah. That's what I do. Yeah. I do believe that. It'll be interesting. Of course it will. Yeah. How did you deal whenever there were tough times? Like, because you had so much of like recording yourself, like setting, you know, like kind of like living under your own recording schedule and stuff like that. Were there days off, like when you would just have your show from home, right? Was there days where you would just like, take off? What was that shoot schedule like when you were, When I was doing the web show? Yeah. At home. Well, I mean, it was, so there wasn't really sort of a podcasting yet.


Wasn't really a thing really. Right. So, so we built the studio and it would basically just stream to my website. I mean, there was no Instagram yet. YouTube had just started and people would come and watch it on the front page of, of Tom Green dot com. And we actually had like a company in San Francisco that made like the, the video playback system, you know, so it was CDN Content Distribution Network. It was basically, so we would upload the video to that. We, there was, we weren't uploading it to YouTube and linking it, or there was, there was no YouTube really. So, so it was kind of just a big sort of science experiment that I was doing with, you know, my group of friends.


And, you know, I, I had, I had the sort of goal of trying to sort of make it a show that would become profitable, get advertisers and maybe sell it to television, which we did a little bit of that, you know, so, you know, it was kind of pretty driven, I guess. And it's kind of what I notice now with like podcasting, which is amazing, is like, you know, the people that have these incredible businesses that they've got going, these incredible, you know, artistic visions they have for themselves. They're all kind of have that same kind of drive in them. You know, they get up in the morning, their mind is just like, how are we gonna make this better today?


You know, how are we gonna make this awesome today? You know? So it was kind of, it was kind of like that, you know, we were getting up and turning on the studio every night, and I did be inviting up, you know, rappers and Two Short came up and, you know, Jurassic five and exhibit, and then, you know, you'd wrap up comedian, invite comedians up, and like Joe Rogan would come over and, you know, norm McDonald, who I became good friends with, you know, would start coming over all the time. And, you know, literally like hundreds and hundreds of people would come over. And it became this kind of really fun thing to do. I wasn't doing standup at the time. I hadn't done standup in years, So I was really just doing that.


And, you know, it was, it was ridiculous. I mean, we were just enjoying the absurdity of it and Oh, yeah. Was It so stressful? Or were you just, I, it was because I put pressure on myself and I would actually get stressed out about it, and then we would have people that would prank call us. So I had this phone system on the desk and you could just call it and it would ring, and I'd hit answer and it would, so we had like, you know, people trolling us, basically. I remember getting Rickroll for the first time, you know, and it was like, and it was like, oh, I've kind of felt like, eh, I, I dunno if I'd ever heard of Rick Rolling before I got Rick rolled, you know? Oh, yeah. And it's cool. And it became kind of like a little bit of a, a game, you know, like where we were, there was a switch that I, I built with Bill Snitzer was his name.


He worked there. And Victor, a couple of the guys that worked there. And we built the switch under the desk. It was like metal. And it was like, we got a metal box with a, a switch, and we had wires and we soldered them together, and then the wires ran out to the computer. And then Bill was able to program the computer so that when, like, I flipped that switch, it would, like, if, if everything was off, it's the middle of the night in my house, it's quiet night, nobody there. And if I were to get up at one o'clock in the morning by myself and put clown makeup on, which I often did, and, and, and a top hat and walk out into my living room and flick the switch, the switch would turn on, the lights would turn on the cameras, it would turn on the computers.


This computer would tell this computer to start recording. The phone system would turn on, it would send it to the front page of my website. Just one switch. I haven't done anything. Just all I've, all I've done is put on some clown makeup and flipped a switch. Right. You don't have to put on the clown makeup, but I did do that often. Oh yeah, You better. It Was called the French Clown of Midnight. I'd speak at French in French in a clown makeup, and you wonder why it didn't work out. But, and, but, and then the phone would start ringing and I'd just be doing the show. I'd have a switcher on the desk So I could switch the cameras, and I would just start taking calls. And it was really the only live video on the internet. Like, really, like that's, there was no Instagram live or anything. So it was like, you, you imagine when I was a kid, I wanted to do prank.


I liked prank calling the radio station. Oh, yeah. Like, I'd like to call into the radio station and I would call into the radio station and I'd record it, and then I'd call into the radio station and I'd pretend I was like my friend's father. And I'd call in, I'd start complaining about my son, and I'd use his name, and then I'd play the tape back to him. And it was hilarious to me, you know? And So I loved that, like, pranking a radio station. And I kind of started to realize like, we're the only live show on the internet right now with a phone with no call screener. All these people like me around the world could now call in and prank me, you know?


And so we kind of got into this little sort of war basically, you know, which is, which was fun because I would get angry about it, but then also I kind of didn't have to turn the phone on. Right, right, right. You know, you know, so it was, it was, it was really fun. And, you know, I got to meet a lot of great people, you know. I mean, that's where I really got to hang out with, you know, Joe Rogan for the first time, really? And, and Norm, who I became really close with and then, and so many other people. And, you know, it was, it was, it was amazing. So Did Norm, did you talk to him much in the later years? Yeah. Well, at the, at the very end. I did not know that he was sick.


Yeah. I didn't know he was sick. So that was, that was, He seemed like he kept that from everybody. Oh, Yeah. And he's from my hometown. He's from Ottawa, Canada. And he started at the same comedy club that I started at, at Yuck Yucks in Ottawa. Howard Wagman, who's the, still owns the comedy club in Ottawa. Yuck. Yucks, which is like all across Canada. It's kinda of like the improv of Canada. Oh yeah. I've heard of it. So I've been to one of 'em, I think. Yeah. Yeah. So he's, you know, he's awesome. And you know, he, you know, he put Norm on the stage for the first time, and, you know, he tells his story about how Norm got off stage the very first time he did standup. He was in his twenties and he didn't think he did well. And he was walking down the street, I'm never gonna do that again. And Howard chased him down Spark Street in Ottawa on stop, said, you gotta come back tomorrow.


And, you know, you made him come back. 'cause he saw, he saw his, his genius, right? Yeah. Nobody was like him. They just Had Hadda. They were just talking about him. A I just watched the SNL monologue that he did one time. Yeah. That was pretty great. Where he is, like, they fired me from the show, but now they won me back, you know? Yeah. Which is, and now it just didn't even make any, make any sense. And you just kinda shit on the show. Yeah. It was weird. Like, 'cause like, it's weird. Like, I find myself sometimes now talking about 2005, like it was like 50 years ago or something like that. Yeah. But it really is, things have changed so much in the last 20 years with Yeah. Social media that it does really feel like kind of a different world.


Like, I remember Norm would come up. Yeah. And, you know, the first time he came out, I just couldn't believe I was getting to hang out with him, you know? Yeah. And, and hang out with him for two hours on camera, sort of, in some ways, kind of doing a make believe talk show, even though there were people watching, it was kind of like, you know, experimental talk show. And he was getting into that. And then the show would end and we'd go, you know, on YouTube and go look at videos. And it was like, I remember it was like, YouTube was so new that it was just the strangest thing I'd be sitting with Nor McDonald after doing this for two hours. And we'd sitting there watching, you know, crazy clips that he would find, you know, like Baby versus Cobra, you know?


Yeah. With the Cobras mouth sewed together. Those Are good. Yeah. Grape Lady Falls. I remember watching these videos with Norm and just dying of laughter, you know, in the middle of the night and just thinking, this is, this is cool now. Just so normal to look at viral videos and stuff. But back then we thought we were just, have you ever seen this video? I've never seen this. Oh Man, this is, I mean, it's a little bit, you kind of, can you, can you play the audio too? Is it possible? 'cause the audio's sort of important for this one. These are filled with shamon grapes and the winner this Saturday, who's stopped music, eating international foods, having wine tours and tastings, vineyard tours, seminars, arts and crafts. It's a lot of fun. A whole day Stop.


Oh yeah. Ow, ow. Oh, stop. Oh. Oh, I can't breathe. Stop. Oh, no. Oh. So yeah. Yeah. Ouch. Ouch. They're struggling. Not like here. Oh. I hope She, and that lady is the smallest head as well. If people's heads are real small, they should not talk a lot. I love that. That's the, that's your takeaway from this is, yeah. Her head size as well is, it is true though, by the way. I'd never noticed that. But that lady Is a very small head when people with small heads talk a lot. Yeah. It feels like they're, they're cheating the system a little bit.


I just feel like a regular head. You get a regular amount of words. Right. Small head, less words. Right. Don't over, don't do too much. Right, right. Or just, or at least just talk in sort of the amount of words that your head should justify. Your head size should justify. Yes. Don be a crazy little head just doing a bunch. Yeah. Yeah. I dated a girl one time with it for a while with a small head, beautiful girl. Great girl. But knew when to talk, when not to talk. You wouldn't see her just yammering on like some big head. Yeah. You know, So I fucking Did you notice right away that she Had Hadda, particularly small head? Or was that something that sort of dawned on you later? Or, She had big hair, big kind of Italian ish hair.


Right. And every now and then I would feel her head and it, I was like, oh, I feel like there should be a little more heady. Or, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So once you got under that, that hair was puffed out, probably purposefully. We probably knew that her Yeah. Head was small. So It was a sba it was a mirage. Yeah. And yeah. Hiding It a little bit. Yeah. And you'd self-conscious of it. Yeah. Could have been gr but yeah. Cool girl s small head, but knew how to use it. Right. Yeah. Not somebody that was ambivalent to their headset and is just running around, just squawking at the moon every chance they get.


Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot, crispy fries, right. As they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still. This is pretty wild that Morgan and Morgan has just filed a first of its kind lawsuit against food industry behemoths. That's the truth. The lawsuit alleges that these companies engineer their ultra processed food products to be addictive and market those products towards children allegedly causing chronic disease in children. The complaint details, the strategic and calculated actions that these companies allegedly took to target children with addictive ultra processed foods, including internal memos, strategic meetings, and the extensive research they allegedly conducted to leverage our biology and neurology to create addictive substances we've all been hearing for years. And maybe speculating that a lot of ultra processed foods could be addictive. And I just think it's fascinating to finally see this possibility coming to light Morgan and Morgan is committed to fighting for the people and for the families. If your child is being diagnosed with one of these diseases, you may have legal options. They've helped thousands of families seek justice against big corporations. And they're ready to fight for you too. Learn more@forthepeople.com slash theo. That's FOR the people.com/th EO.


Did you? Yeah. What did I do? Oh yeah, I just went to the SNL 50th. You, I just went to the SL 50th. Oh yeah. That's amazing. Yeah, I know. That must, was that incredible? It Was cool. You got to host It. I did. I know. That's amazing. I was on tour. I wasn't able to go, I would've loved to have gone to that. That must have been wild. I went to the 40th and I remember that was, that is just the most surreal thing. Yeah. I, I, if, if it's anything I'm, I imagine it was like just everybody's there. Right? Yeah. I'll get to go to the music night and then I'm buddies with Louis ck. He took me to Chris Rock's birthday party Oh, nice. On Saturday night, which was crazy. 'cause Chris Rock is always like my favorite comedian growing up. And so just to even be able to see, be there, I definitely felt like out of place or whatever, but it was also cool, you know, just to like, you know, kind of fly on the wall there.


So Did you do really actually feel out of place there? Yeah, A hundred percent. And Why, why do you think that is? Just Like, feels like kind of fancy, you know? I mean, I could tell right when I saw Chris Rock, how I felt. Like some people, you don't get nervous around him, or you've seen him a couple times. And so there becomes a little bit ambiance, you know? But I just didn't know him. And so, yeah. I think that created some of the nervous energy. Some other people I, I did know, so it wasn't that bad, but I got introduced to people that I didn't know. And so you're always like, I don't know. I always, I, I don't, I don't usually say a lot, then I'll kind of just be a listener. Yeah. You know, see, I get like that too. And I, I, I wish I didn't. This sort of social anxiety, when you're in a, an environment like that where there's just all these, you know, people that you admire and respect and are around you and every, everybody, it's, I, it's kind of, I kind of don't even feel like myself.


You know? It's a sort of a very stressful thing for me. Yeah. So in some ways I was kind of, that's A good word. It's stressful. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know why that is. Why is that? Well, I think it's 'cause you're a little bit, probably, I don't know how I fit in this circle. There's a lot of circles in the world where I did, But you're on top of the world right now. You just in interviewed the president of the United States. I mean, everybody, you've got this incredible show. I mean, I'm sure everybody was super excited to see you there. So you probably don't really have any reason to feel nervous, but you, you still do, right? Yeah. Yeah. I guess, yeah. I just didn't know, I hadn't been in that circle before. It's kinda like, I guess when you're in a, I don't know, when you're in, just feel like you're in a new water. You're figuring out the temperature. You don't know, you know, you don't wanna make a lot of noise at somebody's birthday party.


They are seeing friends that they know. It's not a huge group of people. So you just want to kind of, you know, you don't wanna overstay your welcome, you know, kind of type of, type of energy, you know? Yeah. I don't need to tell a big story. Let the, they all, they know each other. I'm just happy to be here. Yeah. Happy to be able to see somebody celebrate their birthday, to witness people that I admire from a little bit of a way, you know, from a little closer than I'm usually allowed to get to 'em, you know? Yeah. Online or on TV, I guess. But the SNL thing was, we went to the music. They Had Hadda music show at Radio City. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And that's a, that's the part that I got to go to. And that was pretty cool, just seeing different bands, jelly Roll performed.


And So I know him Nice. And so there was, yeah. And I, I got to bring a friend and So I knew my buddy was, you know, we were just kind of milling around, running into some people that we knew and meeting some new people. But it was pretty chill. So when you went to the, you went to the inauguration too, right? Yeah, I went to the inauguration. Yeah. So Like, when you go to the inauguration and you've already now, you know, the president of the United States, 'cause you'd had this interview with him. Yeah. Like you could kind of hang out with him at the inauguration or No, no, I didn't see any of 'em. I was in like, the second tier of humans there or something, you know, like there was a first tier and then I was in like this a second tier of humans that were there, you Know? But that's gotta be kind of still interesting nonetheless to be there.


Oh, it was interesting. Very interesting. 'cause I never, you don't even know if like the, the, the process is real. You see it on tv, but it's like, who knows if that shit's real, who knows what's real anymore. So to witness that was pretty cool. Just to be in Washington, DC is always pretty niche with all the architecture. But I don't know Trump like that. Like I'll message with his daughter sometimes Ivanka. Okay. So I'm able to communicate with her. And then what do You guys talk about? She'll just send me a book that she thinks I would like, or really, we went to dinner one time. She's so smart. Yeah. Okay. It's mind blowing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so Go to dinner with her a lot Or? No, only went one time. That's pretty cool. Was was her husband Jared there, or was it just you two or He wasn't, it was other friends of hers.


Okay. Yeah, I, yeah. Yeah. Not trying to make, break any news here, but it sounds interesting, you know? Not At all. I wish there were news to break, dude. She's stunning. She's awesome. And then there's like a middleman, like who worked with the, I guess I feel, I guess he worked with the Republican party and he got to invite some people. Yeah. So it was a, just a motley group of strange people that went to the inauguration. So How did that work? So when, can I ask you questions or, yeah, sure. Yeah. So when, like, when he like came on your show, right? It was right before the election and he was doing a lot of podcasts and stuff. Did he, did he, did they approach you or did they call you? Is it I his son was a, is a fan of your show, right? Is that what It is, Baron? Yeah, that's what he said. He said Baron was a fan of the show and I tried to get to see Baron, but I didn't get to meet him, so, so You just got a call one day and Trump wanted to come on the show and, Well, I'd seen, I'd met Trump a couple times at UFC.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. UFCI think is had everything to do with when the election probably for, for the Republicans. Yeah. Yeah. Because Daniel White is just such a facilitator. He just gets things done. He kept his sport going while all the other sports were shut down. A lot of 'em were shut down or p having to practice really intense methods during CVID. You know, he was able to keep his sport going. Like, and so he would, he brought Trump to a lot of his events 'cause they've been friends for a long time. Yeah. And so I'd met him there a couple times. Yeah. And then I knew his brother died of alcoholism, So I was like, well, let me call him and let me ask Dana if, if Trump would ever talk about his brother.


I didn't know about it. You know, and just to see what he's like, like is he just all a business guy? Does he think about other things? 'cause when you're, you don't get a lot of, you don't hear a lot about his feelings, Trump's feelings. And if you do, he doesn't communicate it in a way where it's very emotional to people. I, I don't feel like. Right. So I was just curious about that. So yeah, I called up Dana and he said, we'll make it happen, you know? Yeah. And then two days later he called back and he said, all good. Somebody from his group's gonna reach out to you. So, and You went to him. Right? And we went to him up in New Jersey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we offer, we would've, we would've loved to had Harris and Walls on. We're still trying to get walls on. We tried to get Harris on even after the election, but they just didn't wanna come.


Yeah. And so it was kind of a bummer, you know, 'cause I think seems Like that was a pretty big mistake to, they didn't do, didn't go in a lot of the shows that Yeah. I think it would've just let them be more normal. I think people are, if something's too much behind the glass these days, people don't trust the glass. I don't even think it's, they don't, that they don't trust the person behind the glass. I think they just don't trust the fucking glass. If that makes any sense. But Yeah, no, it does. Yeah. So I guess that was all kind of interesting. I'm kind of out of sorts with the way that they're handling, like the Gaza Palestine stuff like that shit really, I think is insane to me. You know? Yeah. But that's just, you know, you know, I don't know. That's just my thoughts.


You know, it's kind of a endless sort of, you know, quagmire you can find yourself in once you start talking Politics, when you get into Politics. I agree. In this world we're living in now, because it's like, you know, you go on the road, you do stand up all around the country and, you know, everybody's sort of divided in a way, right? And then you start sort of firmly choosing a side, and all of a sudden, half the audience doesn't want to have any fun anymore. Right? Yeah. So it's kinda like, you gotta, we find we gotta make these choices now. Like, okay, well do I, do I wanna give my opinion anymore about what's going on in the world? You know?


And then, you know, you have to choose one of the, you know, set of opinions that are on this side. I know. Or the set of opinions that are all evenly and neatly put on this side. And as soon as you state your opinion about one of these issues that just happens to be on this side, then anybody that doesn't agree with you no longer, you know, wants to, wants to fuck with you and, and, and come to your show or have a good time or have a laugh with you. You know? So it's just such a shitty thing to have to deal with that. Right. Yeah. So how do you, how do you kind of like, you know, juggle that, you know, I think, you know, as Canadian, you know, like it's, like right now in Canada, people are pretty upset, you know, with, you know, with Donald Trump because he's putting these tariffs on Canada Right. And saying they're gonna make this a 51st state Saying they're gonna annex Canada.


People Aren't too happy about the idea of, you know, being taken over by the United States of America. Yeah. Doesn't, it's not something that people are super excited about hearing, you know, so, you know, you kind of, you kind of go, it's funny 'cause I sometimes I think like, well, I think a lot of Americans who aren't, don't think about it that much, might think like, oh, Canada's gonna be the 51st state. I bet you everyone in Canada must be really excited about being the 51st state of the United States. But, you know, I'm kind of saying, well, no, it'll probably be the first state in America that nobody in it wants to be America. You know? So, so, 'cause you know, we've, we've got our own country. Oh yeah. It's not that we don't, don't, don't love America. I love America. But we, you know, we sort of have our, our our, our entire different culture.


You know, you go to Canada all the time, right? Yeah. I love it. And I, I'm glad it's Canada. We're Different. We're different, right. It's a different thing. Yeah. It's different. You're nice to a, you know, people will be, somebody will walk across the street in Canada and just come tell you they're sorry and then go back across the street and then nothing even happened. They're not even, yeah. They Just came off just to apologize. Yeah. There's no either You've never seen them before. Yeah, yeah. You know. Yeah. But it's, Canada's the best. I think Canada's gives me hope for humanity. A lot of times. It's good people, you know, like, I love Canada. I wish, I wish that there was, there's times I've wanted to be, be Canadian. Even. What's, do you remember the first time you went to Canada? Like Yeah.


Vancouver. Yeah. And was that, And I slept it up recently. Or brothel or, or hostel. I slept at a Hostel. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And How many years ago would that have been? That was probably 50, 18 years ago. 17 years ago. Yeah. And it was great, man. Had Hadda great time. Were you doing Standup there or were you, Were you I hadn't started, I had just almost started standup. I was doing, I was traveling. I was left outta there on a school floating university left out of Vancouver called Semester at Sea. Yeah. Yeah. And it went around the globe. And we left out of Vancouver. But I went up to Whistler. I went and caught a ride. Some guy took me hitchhiking up to Whistler. Right. Drove me up there. Yeah. And the dude, the guy who drove me, he was a caretaker for Superman who had died. Remember Superman?


Who got in the wheelchair? Yeah, Yeah. Christopher Reeves. Yeah, Chris Reeves. He was his caretaker. Okay. Okay. This guy, Michael, and I think I met him, I was at some shop right around there. And he was saying he was in the area or something. He was like, I'm taking you to drive up to Whistler. I was like, I'll, can I roll with you? He's like, yeah. So he took me up to Whistler, man, brought me back. We stopped along the way. Went on some hikes and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was amazing. Yeah. And I've always enjoyed Canada. I, I used to have a dream that I would meet a wife in Toronto. Yeah. But I went and did two weeks of comedy up there. Didn't meet any wine. Yeah. Yeah. Well, You, you could still happen. For sure. Could Still happen. Yeah. You find the audiences react differently. They're Great. Halifax was one of my favorite shows I've ever had in my life.


Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I even made, my little nephew made up this joke. He said, oh, I told it, I told it on stage. I was like, yeah. I heard one time that there wasn't any more fish up here. And so they changed the name to No Fish Scotia and nobody laughed. Right. Yeah, sure. I still, it was fucking fun. No, that's why I'm laughing. 'cause I can imagine the reaction Sometimes there's something great when they don't laugh. No, sure. Yeah. There's some little thing in there. It's like, oh, that's pretty good. Yeah, absolutely. You know? Yeah. But, but yeah. Always Had Hadda great love for Canada. I think it's bizarre that Trump would say something like that.


And it's also like, I, it just, but what do you expect outta him? You know? And what do you expect about the media to spotlight things and make it whatever it is, even if it's a seed of something to grow it into a million plants, you know? Yeah, no, it's, it's interesting. I think, you know, there's a thing that's going on the hockey games in Canada now, where the USA and Canada are playing and you know, they Yeah. The Four Nations, right? Yeah. The Canadian fans were booing, booing them the anthem. Right. And, you know, sometimes I go like, well, I don't, you know, based on the reaction on social media, I sort of feel like maybe not everybody in the US necessarily understands why that's happening, you know? Totally. Totally. They don't know. It's about the tariffs, you know, they're not booing the national anthem. They're booing this.


The fact that these tariffs are being put on, you know, which is gonna, of course, devastate, you know, the economy on both sides will suffer from that. Right. I'm sitting here like talking about it. Like, I know about it, you know, I should Probably know more about it. But it's Like, it's like, you know, I think, I think people are just kinda like, why are you guys doing this to us? You know? So that's, it's kind of a, it's kind of an interesting thing. But, you know, you wanna talk about issues sometimes. And then you go, okay, I've just waded into this sort of hornet's nest and I'm never gonna hear the end of it. So it's, it's, it is interesting. What was it when you're at the inauguration? After the inauguration where you're like kind of just, are you kind of, who are you hanging out with there?


Like, I went, who did I meet? I met this kid, Alexander Wang. We just Had Hadda podcast episode with him. He created this company called Scale ai. He's like this ai, he's the youngest billionaire ever. This Chinese kid. Oh my gosh. From New Mexico. Wow. A fascinating dude. Self-made billionaire. Self-made billionaire. Yeah. So I ended up having lunch with him. That was probably the neatest thing that happened that weekend. And you pick up The tab, or I think I paid, actually. You paid, I didn't know he was a billionaire. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I was just happy. That's why he is a billionaire. He's letting everyone else pick up the tab. I was just happy to be dining with the Chinese, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's amazing. And oh, it was great, man. And, and then who else?


Something else happened at night. Oh, I saw Wayne Gretzky lost his tooth. Wow. And then anything, I saw Joe Rogan for a few minutes. I saw Tony Hinchcliffe from Kill Tony. Yeah. Yeah. And then that was kind of it. And then I went home. It was too much, like too hard to get around. I saw Lex Freeman. That was pretty neat. I'd never met, met him. He's a podcaster. Yeah. Yeah. I've met him at the mothership before. Oh, nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So it was just, that was kind of, those were some of the neat parts of it. Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing just getting to see some different folks. Yeah. Yet I think they're having issues. Even Amer in America, they're having, I just saw that there's a part of Oregon that wanted to secede from Oregon. Yeah. They're gonna become Canada's 11th province.


Good. I would love it if we started trading pieces of our start trading. Yeah. Now that I'm totally for Yeah. New York and California. Come join Canada and take one of 'em. You guys can, you know, take, I'm not gonna say who you guys can take, but, you know, 'cause we, but well, I knew who you're talking about. Dude. I gotta Be political. Bl. Okay. That's all I'll say, brother. No, no. Just be in Quebec actually. Alfra. I lived in Quebec a lot in my life. You did? Yeah. So I grew up in Quebec, So I love Quebec. Yeah. Yeah. You must have been up the Montreal Festival over the years, or, yeah, We went there a couple times. I love Quebec. It's fun. Yeah. Edmonton, we got some other places. We're going to still, Kyle, Calgary and Ottawa and Winnipeg we're gonna go to this year.


Oh Yeah. So when you're in Ottawa, maybe if you're rolling past the farm and the tour bus, oh, come by the farm and we'll go ride some mules or something. How far outside of town are you guys? About Like an hour or so. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I'll sort of, not too far, you know, I'll come pick you up in my pickup truck. We'll go hang out. Yeah. Do you think you'll have a, now that you're kind of feeling settled out there, do you think, do you start thinking about starting a family or No? Yeah, definitely. You know, I'm getting married, so might it, you know, knock on wood, everything goes well and with, with that and, you know, maybe there'll be some, we'll see. We'll have to ask my fiance if Oh yeah. She's Gonna, I think she, she would wanna do that. Yeah. You gotta include her.


Yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah, for sure. No, I think, I think that's a possibility for sure. You know, So was it for a while, do you think that that wasn't gonna be a part of your life? Your life? I was starting to, I was starting to question whether or not it was going to be part of my life. Because, you know, you, I mean, I think you kind of alluded to this earlier. You know, you, you, you, you know, you, you want to, you know, if you're gonna get married, you want to get married to somebody that you, you know, love and actually think that this could, you know, last forever. Right. I was starting to question whether or not that was maybe possible. You know, I wasn't sure if that was possible anymore to find somebody that I thought would last forever with.


But, you know, when I met Amanda, she's outside. I'm hope I'm getting some brownie points here. But I, I realized this is, this is the one, you know, so. Wow. So, but it's, you know, until you meet that person, you know, it does start to feel kind of like Jesus is getting a little kind of, you know, uncertain here. Whether Or not Yeah. I'm Loitering. Yeah. Yeah. So, but yeah, I think that's how I think about it. 'cause I think when you're younger, like you have this feeling of like this young love energy type of thing, and that starts to, it feels, that feels less possible the older we get. Kind of, you know, it just starts to dissipate or it's like, oh, well I just, I'm too wise now. Or I've had too much experience now that I'm never gonna have that sort of like, whimsical feeling of like, you know, that a 17-year-old or a 23-year-old would have, you know?


But it's nice to know that that can kind of SS sneak up and surprise you, you know? Yeah. I think kind of, I mean, I think being home where I'm from help helped, you know, 'cause it's like, I don't know. I mean, if you're not from Los Angeles, then it's kind of a weird place. If you're from Los Angeles, it's normal. But if you're not from Los Angeles, you know, it's kind of a weird place. So, you know, you're here probably focused on your career and your work, and so many other people are, it's kind of hard to, I think, find a, you know, a good, I'm not saying it's impossible, but it seems like it is kind of harder in this environment to find somebody that you can, I mean, I don't know.


Do, are people watching going, are, are we gonna be taking relationship advice from, from, from me? I don't know. I don't know if that's No, Well, no, I, it does make me think that, I think, I think there's this feeling in LA that if you meet somebody, you're gonna have to eventually get them to leave here. Right. There's, I've always felt that thing like, well, if I met somebody, would they ever leave here with me? 'cause I'm not gonna stay here forever. Right. You Know, that's like, that's exactly what I was trying to say to, So that's, so that I think is a, yeah, I think that's totally common. You got, But you're, you're, you said you, you, you don't live here full time now, or? I live in Tennessee. Yeah. I moved during the pandemic too. To Nashville, or, yeah. Oh, cool, Cool. I moved during the pandemic. Yeah. What was, whenever Trump was talking about Canada, what was, can you bring it up Nick? Just So I just wanna know what he even was saying, like what were they threatening?


They were threatening the tariff Canadian goods, just so our listeners can know what exactly was even going on. Yeah. They're gonna put a tariff on every, you know, you know, Canada's the largest trading partner of the United States. Nice. And, and so, so much of the goods that come into the United States from Canada are, you are, are being brought in by American businesses to, you know, like wood, you bring wood and lumber in to build houses. Right. So when you put a 25% tariff on lumber, that means flannel. Everybody that flannel, if you're a big flannel company making flannel pajamas, all of a sudden flannel pajamas are gonna be 25% more expensive. So it's really, it's gonna affect, you know, businesses on, on both sides of the border.


Obviously not just Canada, but also everything will go up in price. So, you know, and Oh, I'm not exactly sure the reason for it, to be honest with you. I, You know, he was really saying they weren't helping out with border security. Yeah. And that's what Yeah. Which is the 30 days probation period. Yeah. They did put a bunch of people out the Border. Absolutely. And then I know it's, I don't think there's a real border security problem between Canada and the United States, though. It's, you know, it's, but that's, It's the hardest country to get into in the world, I think is Canada. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's Going that way. There isn't, that's for sure. Yeah. It's, you know, the, the claim that there's fentanyl coming into the United States from Canada, I think is a little bit exaggerated.


'cause I don't really think that that's actually the case. Something like, huh, you know, very small amount is coming in from Canada. So Tariffs are a central part of Trump's economic plans. He promised to introduce import duties against some of America's main trade partners during his election campaign. He said tariffs will boost US manufacturing and protect jobs as well as raising tax revenue and growing the economy. Yeah. Fentanyl is linked to tens of thousands overdose deaths, taking bold action to hold Mexico, Canada, and China accountable to their promise of halting illegal immigration and stopping poisonous fentanyl and other drugs from flowing in our country. It just seems kind of vague. Yeah. I think it's sort of like a, But like what would you do?


Like, I'm trying to see, say if you bring a bunch of stuff in my country, right? Say if you and I live in different countries Yeah. And you bring a bunch of stuff into my country, or I bring a bunch of stuff in your country, and then you say, okay, I'm gonna tax that more, I'm gonna charge you more to bring that in if you don't help stop the fentanyl that's coming in. I just, I, I don't know. How would you then do that? What would you then, on your side, would you say, okay, we'll put more what drug dogs and security along the Border? I think that's what they're, I think that's what he's asking them to do. I, you know, and, and I, I think we already do have a, again, I'm not, I don't, I'm not a representative of the Canadian government, but I do, I do think that we already do have a lot of, there's only so much you can do to seal off a border.


Right. And I don't think there is that much fentanyl coming in from Canada. Really? I'd never heard that that was a thing before. Yeah. I think it mostly does come in from the Southern border. From the southern border. So that's What I would think. I wonder if maybe that you guys got grandfathered into some tr you know, some late night Trump rhetoric there. Who knows It. It feels a little bit like that. Yeah. But you know, hopefully, hopefully it'll resolve itself. I do think that it's probably gonna end up causing a lot of economic problems on both sides of the border. And probably they may, may not go for it, but It be sports exciting for a while though. Yeah, exactly. That's the side effect. It was A good fight right off the top of the game the other day, you know, it was pretty cool. We like a good hockey fight, so that's cool. And it is nice when countries sometimes don't get along a little bit in sports.


Right. I've always, I've always admired that. Yeah. That's why, that's one thing I don't like about the NBA anymore, that all the players, they just seem like they all know each other. Nobody's really playing for their squad sometimes. Okay. Yeah. So I like a little bit more of that animosity, Gimme more fights in the NBA with good physical fights. Yeah. Look at that. Oh, definitely. I Believe both those players are American too. I'm not sure that's how quickly your researcher can tell us that, but even though they, the Canadian team Canada didn't get to win in this game, I know that maybe that's Not true at all what I just said, but, but I Don't, the Canada got the win in this game, but that's okay. Yeah. We lost the game. Absolutely. Which is a really kind of, I know. But it is nice to see everybody having a good time watching a hockey fight.


For sure. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, so What else did I see in the news that I just saw was happening? Oh yeah, it was that contraception begins at erection now. So there, there's a law that they're pushing Ohio Democratic lawmakers propose con conception begins at erection act. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So they're trying to put it on the men a little bit more. So what exactly are they gonna do about this now? Well, A new bill in Ohio would make it a crime for men who ejaculate without intending to have a baby. Oh, wow. That is, that's definitely something that I could see a lot of people probably would be guilty of. For sure. Hey, shoot or shoot, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I could see that being, I mean, I don't want to get into too much personal detail, but I think I'd probably be locked up for a long time.


Yeah. Oh, we're going to visit Tom this weekend again. Yeah. He's behind bars. Oh yeah. My gosh. I thought he was gonna get paroled. Plenty of time to break the law in jail though. And they put a, a monitor like wraps around your wiener. And it just like, if, if it, it just goes off, if it gets too Hard. Now, I'm assuming this is a parody site, but the world's so crazy right now that I'm actually asking this for real. Is this a real article? This is A real article right there. What? Yep. Let's zoom in on, I'm gonna read it a little bit. Okay. So this is Not The Onion or something like that, or Mad Magazine or Something? No, this is one of those good radishes that they have out there. Conception begin and it rhymes nicely too. Conception begins at erection act.


I mean, that, it's a nice rhyme to it, which is also nice if You're gonna penalize someone for an unwanted pregnancy, why not penalize the person who is also responsible for the pregnancy? Now, I, I can't say I don't agree with this. It's like, then you're gonna have a lot more people $10,000 per discharge. Who, that's Who. But here's the thing. Some that's just running around skiing or whatever they call it, and I don't know what they call it in different countries, but they're not gonna have an extra 10 K on 'em. You're gonna have, the court system would be filled with every, every kid in the world. Every 14-year-old Kid. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm assuming does this, I don't, I don't know how much I wanna talk about this in detail with you.


No, look, To be honest, I'm gonna say you don't get pregnant on your own. Representative Anita Soman, Democrat Dublin said A felony for men to discharge semen. Yep. Without the intent to fertilize. That is Wow. A amazing, amazing idea. I mean, I actually would love to see that sort of applied that law just to see what would happen. I mean, it would be interesting to see what would happen. It's genital communism in a way. I guess It's genital communism, is it? Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. She introduced legislation that would make it a felony to discharge semen without the intent to fertilize. So Monty and State representative Tristan Rader joined forces to propose a bill.


Nickname conception begins the direction. There are some exceptions, such as when protection or contraceptions are used during sex. It also wouldn't apply when an individual is masturbating. Oh, okay. Donating sperm or Less of Relief. Yeah. Or if the intercourse has taken place between members of the plus community and this doesn't produce over. So gay people would be able to just jerk off on each other and they don't suffer any of the consequences. I to have To read it again straight. Yeah. What's that? If a couple of straights get caught, you know, this is unfair discharge. Yeah. This is unfair on so many levels. Well, it's just, it's beyond ridiculous what's going on here. Republican activist Austin Bial laughed.


It's a mockery of the most basic biological conceptions. And now I, I still, I'm sort of, kind of can't believe this is a real article. Well, I think their purpose in this was saying, if you think it's absurd to regulate men that you think you should think it's equally absurd to regulate women. Somani responded. I'm guessing that there was a, an original idea that I see. I see. Okay. Of course. Yeah. About I understand that taking On reproductive rights for women. Right. Absolutely. So, huh, I don't know, man. It's a Good idea. I'd run up a tab. I know that You're making a valid point when you put it that way. Absolutely. I'd Run up a tab. Did you, when you hosted SNL what was that like for, do you recall kind of some of the energy of that night?


Or that it was, It was a wild, somewhat terrifying experience. You know, I, I had just gone through some pretty, I'd gone through just gone through surgery like a, a Few months from testicular Cancer. Yeah. Yeah. And I'd had this lymph node dissection and I was kind of like, it had affected my sort of energy levels and a lot. So it was kind of, there was a lot going on in my life when I actually got the call to do that show and to do Saturday night at live. And, you know, it was, it was really cool though. The thing that was cool about it was, you know, Lorne Michaels, who's Canadian, and I was just so kind of, sort of, kind of, sort of overwhelmed that I was, I was asked to do it.


Right. Yeah. And I Had Hadda couple of friends who I grew up with who worked on my show with me. And I said, you know, can they come in and like, kind of work with me and do some help, write some skits and stuff? So they gave us a little office and then stuff. We went in there, we just was sort of writing skits up and everything. And you know, they actually kind of ended up giving me a lot of kind of creative freedom on the show to kind of write sketches and stuff. And, you know, in hindsight I kind of wish they hadn't No. Like they had just written them themselves. Yeah. Well 'cause 'cause we really kind of made some really weird fucking sketches, you know? And I think maybe it would've been cool if I, maybe I had just gone in and done the stuff that they had written.


But like, I was, I was sort of definitely, you know, Freddy Got Fingered hadn't come out yet. So like I, I was still kind of riding high on this hit show and we commented, we said, okay, now let's write some crazy sketches. Right. And I mean, the stuff we wrote was really, really weird, you know? And, and Were you intent on making it weird? Do you feel like I think we Were, yeah. Like how weird can we make this? Yeah. It's sn l let's make it ours. I think So. I think so. And you know, sometimes I think there was a miscon misperception maybe among some of the cast that I'd brought my own writers in, which wasn't really the case. It was more like it was my buddies and I was, they'd come up with me with the show.


You know, it was kinda like we were, you know, when we made the show in Canada, they, some of my friends came down with me to the States to Like, this is part of the team. It's not just Tom Brady. Yeah. So let's come on in. I want them to be included in the, in the, in the, in the show. So we kind of went in and did that. But I mean, it's, it was a amazingly exciting experience. I mean, my parents were there on stage with me, you know, you know, it was, it was one of those things where you kind of can't believe that you actually, that it actually happened while it was happening, you know? And I did a lot of sketches with Will Ferrell, one of, one of the, like, here's an example of something that I, I, I wouldn't say I regret this, but like, but I kind of regret this.


So, so there was a, there was a sketch where I'm a wizard and there I'm holding a, a pig, like an actual pig. And, and it was Molly Shannon and, and Will Wow. And I'm a wizard and I didn't really have any lines in the sketch or many lines in the sketch. It was mostly Will and Molly were doing this sketch. And, but I noticed during rehearsal that if I, like if I just kinda lightly sort of tickled the pig's belly with my finger, that it would start to squeal extremely loud. Right. Okay. And So I did that once during rehearsal and then somebody said, oh, you better not, you know, she'll squeal if you touch her belly. And So I said, okay.


Oh yeah, she, and there's a rehearsal show. Yeah. And then there's the actual show. Right. And, you know, I kind of maybe regret this, but I did note that, okay, let's get through the rehearsal show, but then live I I'm gonna make that pig squeal, right? Yeah. Oh yeah, sister. So it did, it did kind of, Sorry, I meant pig. Yeah, No, but it was, it was kind of, it kind of threw the, the sketch off a little bit. It just like, you kept squealing that I realized that it did kind of throw the rhythm of the, of the comedy off a little bit. But, you know, How many times did you squeal it there? It was just sort of became sort of a bit of a, a bit of a mess. But, And were, were you getting a squeal every time he touched his belly?


Or, or you have To really? No, I just Had Hadda kind of just lightly sort of patter there. And she would just start. So it was, but it was amusing to me. But I'm not sure if anybody else enjoyed it that much. Oh yeah. But so my Sisters like that if you touch her lunch, you know, she fucking gets a little animated if you grab any of her Takis out of her little dish. Right. It was like that. Yeah. So, so, but you know, it was, no, it was an amazing experience. I was total honored to be able to do it. And, you know, I mean, I, I I, you know, it was cool. I mean the, the cast was Jimmy Fallon, Tina Faye, will Ferrell, Chris Catan, Molly Shannon, Anna Gasier Dang, Tracy Morgan. And, you know, you know, there was, it's a weird environment like Saturday Night Live, especially when you're young and you don't really know, like, you know, we were talking earlier about like going to, you were talking about going to Chris Rock's party and like you didn't know how to act or whatever.


'cause there's all these people here and it's just kind of complicated. Yeah. So getting thrust into an environment like that, and then it's, even as the host, it sort of felt like kind of a competitive environment because, you know, all the cast members are trying to write sketches and get them on the air everyone every week. And, and I didn't really know how it worked really at the time. And in hindsight, I now realize how it works. And I, you might have done things differently, but you know, when we were trying to put these sketches on the air that we were writing, maybe that was kind of pushing another sketch off and we didn't really see, I wasn't really thinking of it like that. I see. So it kind of created, it kind of, it's kind of a weird environment and you know, the more I kind of, you know, sort of hear people on podcasts who've been on the show, talk about the show, it seems like everybody's gone through that experience who's been on that show where it's very competitive and, and stressful for people.


And that made, that makes me feel a little bit better about my experience there because, you know, it was, it was kind of, you know, a stressful experience, you know, 'cause you know, everybody's gonna be watching the show. It's live and, you know, I'm, you know, you're doing all this weird stuff that's not necessarily, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a little bit outta my element. I didn't do sketch comedy. Yeah. You know, That's scary. So It was, it was, it was it. But it was cool. It was, Yeah. It sounds like it's par for the course a little 'cause Yeah. I mean even Adam Stanley the other night was singing, he Had Hadda musical tribute that he did to the 50 years and he referenced a couple times about people having sketches that they wrote that didn't get on the show. Yeah. So I think that seems like it was just a weekly occurrence.


And of course you want to go in there with a little bit more comfort zone for yourself. Yeah. You know, it's like, yeah, if we can write a couple of 'em or we can have some manipulation over 'em, it's probably gonna make you feel more comfortable. You know, another Thing that was weird that happened on the show, so like, so there was a, a sketch that I did, let's call it a sketch like I did with Will Ferrell, where we're both dressed as eagles. And this was one of the ones that my friends and I wrote. Okay. It's sort of hard to sort of say that we wrote it, but the sketch was, you know, Jimmy Fallon and, and Molly Shannon are looking at Will and I who are Eagles. Right. We wrote this out by the way, on paper and handed it in and then they said to do it and then Will and I decide to fly up into the audience.


Okay. And I thought it would be fun to go in the audience. So we fly into the audience and then we chew up carrots and then I believe will chews up a carrot. And I believe he sort of spits the carrot into my mouth and then kind of we end up sort of you, because you know how baby birds will chew up the food. Oh yeah. And, and feed it. Mother Birds will chew up the food and to make it easier for the baby to eat. So this was the sketch we did. Oh, yeah. But so, Oh God. So somehow I kind of, maybe, probably would've been better if we just kind of did the sketches that, that their writers had written. Oh, God. Huh. Yeah.


And these are both males, huh? Yeah. So what, so we're doing this. Yeah, exactly. So we're doing this, we're Doing What zoo is that at? Huh? That's what I'm talking about. That's the West Hollywood Aquarium right there, brother. I'll tell you that. Huh? Yeah. So we're doing this sketch, this, this skit. And so, you know, when you host the show, you gotta run to get ready for the next sketch. 'cause you gotta shake off your Eagle costume and put on another costume. Right. Another. And so, so I'm running down the stairs and I'm running through the backstage area and just sitting in the darkness, you know, just backstage. Tom Hanks is just sitting there in front of a monitor watching the show, and I'm in the Eagle costume. I'd just done that.


I make eye contact with Tom Hanks. So now I'm like, oh, I was already kind of nervous now. Like, I got Tom Hanks in the, in the dark watching, and I'm going like, oh, how did that eagle sketch go? You know? And I'm Sort of getting ready for the next sketch. Not sure how the Eagle sketch went. And Tom Hanks is watching, so it kind of throws you a little bit. But then there's a big after party after the show, and Tom Hanks was real nice. And he, you know, was hanging out talking to my parents and stuff, and that's cool. And so it was pretty cool. But no, it was an amazing thing. It's a, it's a kind of thing though, like, it's kinda like you go, geez, it would be nice to be able to do it again someday, because I think like doing it the first time is, is sort of, so I don't know that that would ever happen.


But, you know, probably in an alternate universe, I might be able to do it again someday. But, but you know, like, you go, Hmm, okay. I sort of understand how the system of it works now. And, and it, it would be, you know, probably, you know, I probably would not have done that. Yeah. But also it's great that you did though. Yeah. Yeah. It's so epic. Yeah. And yeah, I think you're right about, that's like a lot of things in life. You're like, man, I wish I had gotten a trial run or Had Hadda little bit of an idea of how the feelings were or what the energy was like in that space or that room. Or like, man, there's been things, you go out on a stage part of a show or a banquet, some type of thing, and you, you just play, play the room totally wrong.


You know? That didn't seem like that. But there's definitely times like that in life, and you wish you like, man, I wish I'd get one more swing at it. Yeah. Yeah. But, and you know, I think that, you know, that generally you can at, at at least take those lessons and apply them to something else. Oh yeah, For sure. So, yeah. Did, was Michael Jackson there whenever you guys played, who was y'all's musical guest? No, it was not Michael Jackson. But that would've been amazing if it was Michael Jackson. No, it was David Gray. Oh, yeah. And, but man, it would've been amazing. Not, no, nothing against David Gray, but David, you ever had Michael Jackson? I've seen David Gray play. Have you ever interacted with Michael Jackson in any way, or no?


No. That would've, I mean, that would've been amazing. But yeah, he was great. And I would love to see Another weird thing that happened on the show, Michael Jackson. One thing that was weird that happened on the show. So I was backstage getting ready for the sh I don't even, I should tell this story. I don't even know if I should tell this story. Maybe it's not him. Let's talk about something else. Okay. It's a weird story. No worries. Yeah, Tom Hanks was there the other night. I, I didn't get to see him. Oh, I got to see Madonna. She's little. Okay. Where was that? She's such a little baby carrot. What? She was at that SNL thing. Oh, Okay. Yeah. That's Cool. Yeah, it was just Interesting. So were you chatting with Madonna? No, no, no, no, no.


She's quite, I Don't even know, quite interesting on TikTok these days. I Oh, is she, she's, she's does some pretty sort of out there stuff on her TikTok. I gotta follow her. I gotta check her out. Yeah. When you have these, you beat cancer, right? Has it flared back up? What's that been like? No, no, it's, no, no. It's completely gone. Do They have to take out one of your gonads or not One testicle? Yeah, my, my right testicle and some lymph nodes as well, but, And what are the lymph nodes like? Is that actually in the testicle or is that in The body? No, the lymph nodes are actually behind your intestines. And they have to, like, they cut me up here and they Had Hadda remove those, and that was just to check to see if the cancer had spread into them. Wow.


And you know, the only way they could really check and know for a hundred percent sure if it had spread was to take them out and look at 'em under a microscope and stuff. So, so they had not spread. So then that meant I did not have to have chemo and stuff, but they did take my right testicle, which was honestly like when I found out I, the show was on MTV at the time. And And you have It still? Yeah, I, I did not keep it like indefinitely, but that is it in a plastic bag right there. Oh, How many ounces is it? Do you know? I, I don't remember weighing it exactly, but I know it's quite heavy for sure. Oh Hell yeah. I fucking give you that. But Fuck yeah. No, we don't have no light testicles that around in, But we filmed the whole, the whole sort of surgery and for a show on MTV, that's actually the, the whole show there, the Cancer Special, which is on YouTube, but it's in my documentary on Prime too, where it kind of walks through that whole, that's Glenn Lic, who is the, my friend and co-host on the show.


And here he is, sort of after my surgery coming down and, and playing with my testicle, which Is sitting there A little bit of sashimi there, huh? Yeah, it's A little sashimi. Yeah, he, that what he says, it sort of looks like chicken and, and then my mom says, I dunno what kind of chicken you're eating. Oh yeah. So that is my cancer infected testicle right there. But I, you know, I still have the left one. It's the middle one now. Yeah, I can still ejaculate just a little. No, it's pretty good Actually. Heck yeah, dude. It's gonna cost you 10 grand if you drive over to Ohio and do it. I'll tell you that, bro. As long look, as long as you stop and miss walk, Only five grand for me. Oh, yeah, that's true. Which is a benefit to having in Ohio to have testicular cancer. You can kind of, God brother, they would, the tariffs, they would rack up, they'd make a million bucks a night in that state.


That's not a bad idea. Not A bad idea, for sure. Did you ever wear a prosthetic testicle? It was offered, and I, I refused to do it. I not refused, but I just sort of opted out on the, on the prosthetic. Did You ever look at 'em? At least? I think I did. Yeah, I think I did. This was, you know, 20 years ago. But I, I, I, I'd heard the doctor kind of said, you know, a lot of people get 'em don't like it. They say it kind of, sort of feels weird or whatever. So I just figured, no, I don't need one. So Yeah. You know, but I mean, I, I don't know how much you want to talk about my ball sack, but I mean, it doesn't really seem that much different like down there. Like, I mean Oh, I could imagine that too. You, as you're talking, It kinda all just kind of, sort of, sort of morphs into kind of like a, 'cause like the, like the, the, like, they don't like, like they don't actually like go through the scrotum to get the testicle, you know, that like, they don't actually cut the scrotum.


Oh. Uhuh. You know, they go in, they cut your, like, up, up sort of up up here, like on your, like under your, your pubic hair kind of thing. Yeah. Under your pubes. They go in there and then they kind of go in and they just sort of shuck it out like an oyster from above. Oh yeah. So it's sort of not really like the scrotum is completely intact, you know, like there's not some sort of, you know, sort of scarred scrotum or anything. Like I don't have a scarred up scrotum. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like it's totally normal scrotum. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Like there's a, there's a little scar up here, but I'd Had Hadda, I'd Had Hadda hernia operation before when I was like, you know, younger. So they just went through the same thing. So it's like you wouldn't just a little scar there. Same thing. Yeah. So a lot of hernias in Canada too. What country has the most hernias, you think? Yeah, That is interesting.


I'd never thought of it about that, but is there a lot in Canada or is that what I, A lot of my friends in Canada have had hernias. A lot of your friends in Canada have had, have had hernias. Really? Yeah. I'm just wondering that is, is I, I'd be curious to see if there's more in Canada. That would be To see was the most Certainly an interesting statistic for sure. According to available data countries in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa, to have the highest prevalence of hernias Canada Be Particularly in reasons with lower socioeconomic status with like India and parts of Tanzania showing significantly higher rates. Huh. Compared to high income nations, this is largely due to factors like limited access to healthcare and higher rates of manual labor. Wow. I gave myself a hernia on my show live on the public.


It was on the public access version of the show years before we were on tv. And it was kind of a strange episode, probably one of the weirder ones where we, we said, okay, I'm gonna break the Guinness Book of World record records for the longest fingernails. You know, you ever seen those in Oh yeah. We used to see 'em all the time. We kids, this is a strange bit. That and the Chinese kid on the bikes, remember that? Yeah. The world record book. Yeah. And they'd have a 15 or 16 A hole, just a Yeah. Starter pack of Asians all hanging off a bike. Exactly. So for whatever reason, this was, this, this doesn't even sound like it could even possibly make sense to describe it, but the idea was, okay, I'm gonna, it was Glenn and myself, it's a live show. It was on community cable, you know, it's not on a, a big network, you know, so it was sort of late at night and we said, okay, what we're gonna do is we're gonna try to break the record for longest fingernails.


Yeah. And I Had Hadda bunch of milk calcium, and I set it up all very seriously. And then I start drinking milk. And then for the entire hour I just basically drank milk and kind of stared at my fingernails for an hour and didn't do anything right. Just kind of progressively got a little bit more kind of, sort of weird. And then at the, towards the end of the show, I kind of stood up and started thrashing around sort of somewhat violently, I don't know, there's no real logical reason for it. It was like a milk o overdose or something. And I threw my, started doing this thrashing, and I hit the desk and I flipped the desk over and, and I felt something pop in my abdomen.


And then we went off the air and I went up to the bathroom and my intestine was like pushing out through my, through my abdomen and went to the hospital and I Had Hadda given myself a hernia. Ah. So, so that's why, that's how that happened. Was that probably the worst accident you ever endeared? No, it's a, the worst one ever was just two years ago, I stepped on a fire in, on the beach in Costa Rica. The Old fire step. Huh? It had been buried under sand. Oh. And I walked up to this bonfire and the edge of the fire had been buried and I, my foot went into it and yeah, I got, oh, my third degree burns.


My God, I thought that was a couple to go sandwiches. Yeah, no, they, they, they, yeah, it was, it was, that was maybe the worst. And that was just three years ago. I almost lost my foot. So I was, You just Had Hadda lay on the, you just Had Hadda lay in bed for a while, huh? For 10 days in a Costa Rican hospital. And then I was medevaced on a air ambulance back to, to Canada actually. And, and spent another week and a half in the hospital there. And yeah, my foot's pretty messed up right now, but it's, it's, it's better. It's better. Yeah. Not a hundred percent. But I've Had Hadda few good injuries that was there. Oh, there they go. There they're, yeah. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. You found the unedited version? Yeah.


Yeah. That, that, wow. Look at that. Oh yeah, it was. And look at, that's the top of my foot. Wow. You know, the bottom of the foot ain't good either. Those Are sexy. I'll spend 10 grand on those things. Huh? Look out Ohio. Geez. Yeah. My gosh. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Those are my feet right there. That was just, that was maybe coming up from three years ago now. So yeah, that was, that was maybe the worst injury ever. So yeah, That's, so the show that you have now, you have the special that's out. Yeah. Yeah. It all came out just in just a few weeks ago. The 28th or something. When was it? Yeah, Yeah. On it's, yeah, It's all on Amazon Prime.


On Prime. It's, this is the Tom Green documentary and then the stand up special, it's called I Got a Mule. I Got a Mule. I'm talking about my life on the farm and getting my mule. And, and then the show, which is, it's a four episode sort of series of me moving to the farm called Tom Green Country. And I recorded all the music for the show as well. There's a country album that I put out, which is really the sound for the soundtrack for the show, which is Wow. Called Home to the Country, which is on Spotify, It's called What It's called, Home to the Country. Home to the Country. It's the name of the, on the, of the album. And, and that's out on music wherever you get music now. And then I'm on tour, I'm actually on tour. I'm getting back in the camper van and we're gonna start, do a little bit more camping and touring around with my fiance up through the desert and then desert.


And then we'll be picking up the tour again March, March 14th in Colorado. It'll be Colorado Springs, Aspen, upwards to, you know, up through, where are we going? Indianapolis, St. Louis. All the dates are on my website, but to Chicago. And so tour in driving back to Canada, and then I'll be riding my mule all summer. So, yeah. When are you in Ottawa? I'm gonna be in Ottawa, I'm not sure actually. I think sometime before the, I guess may maybe. Oh, cool. Cool. But I'll have to let you know before I'm gonna come. Yeah, I will definitely. It'll be so cool to come see the farm. Yeah. Do you think, like with a lot of the new stuff you're shooting now or some of the stuff that I see on your YouTube channel, it's a little bit more artistic in some way. I don't know if, if that's a word.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's definitely like not something that I expect to really go viral in a lot of ways because it's like very long form stuff that I just really like shooting like that. I, I mean, Yeah. Do you notice you like, almost, it almost seems like, it's almost like you'd wanna shoot like a feature, like a movie. I can't tell, you know, I don't know. 'cause you know, sometimes we have things that start to happen and then it becomes something else, you know? Yeah. But when I'm watching it, I feel like I'm getting into a, I'm getting into a world. Yeah. That's what it feels like. Yeah. That's cool. That's cool that like, to know that you've watched it. 'cause it sort of is sort of, it's not like a mainstream comedy sort of piece that I'm putting on my YouTube channel right now.


It's, it's, you know, I want to kind of just capture what it feels like being out in the desert and in these amazing places or being on the farm and with, with the animals and, and so, you know, I like, I like shooting and, and capturing images that are sort of calming and, and beautiful and, and it is the kind of thing that, you know, it's, it's, you know, the show's not like that. The show is, there's a lot more going on, but the, the, there is something nice about just kind of putting it on and sitting back and just kind of like, it's like an a SMR type of Thing. Yeah. That's what it feels like. Yeah. It's like a smr for your eyes, kind Of. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's interesting. I mean, I think a lot of it started just as me kind of like really trying to experiment with the cameras and just trying to figure out how to make these cameras work and capture the sort of the cinematography, the way I wanna capture it.


And I think that maybe it may evolve into something a little bit more faster paced at some point. But right now it's just, it's just a lot of this sort of slice of life stuff that I put up on the YouTube channel and, and you know, I have a podcast which I do, you know, one episode every six months or something like that. I might start doing the podcast again and putting that up to kind of give people something a little bit more familiar to watch. But right now yeah, that's, that's what it is. And I, I just, I I, I kind of just enjoy taking people to these places. I mean, I find it interesting that like, you know, everything's so fast paced now, like, you know, everything is so, people's attention spans are so short now that it's kind of interesting to sort of do something that's kind of not that.


And again, it's, it's not, you know, the algorithm doesn't really work in its favor. You know, you have to say something shocking within the first 10 seconds and then, you know, put some words on the screen and do all these things that you can do to really capture large audiences. But, but if you do watch it, you sort of do kind of get sucked into a little secret universe in a way. Yeah. You know, there's even little messages. Sometimes I'll put like 45 minutes into a video that will, you know, if you made it that far, you know, then you might say something in the comments and then I'll know that you actually watched 45 minutes. And so there is a lot of people that do get it, you know, which is fun. Yeah. And, and, and it's kind of ni neat to, you know, it's impossible to capture the energy of what it's like out there in nature by doing something fast paced.


Because so much of, of what's amazing about it is just the calm stillness of it also. That's, that's, that's what it is on the YouTube channel. It's a bit different, but I think people are as desperate for that as they've ever been in some ways. Yeah. I think things have gotten, we're we're operating at a speed that we don't even feel comfortable in sometimes, you know, or our brains are having to, but yeah, that's what it feels like. It feels like some type of an A SMR or some, it feels calming man. Yeah. That's what it feels like. And yeah. I'm just curious 'cause you're always, you've just always been a creator, you know, you're just always creating, you're always finding some way to, to, I dunno if it's in fact to, in sight to get a reaction outta people.


Yeah. Right. In some type of way. Yeah. It's Cool. It's weird today 'cause there's so much energy online, like so much, you know, craziness and pranks and just, you know, like, you know, just the insanity that you can see every day on your phone. Like before you get outta bed, you're just like, you know, if you pick up your phone and you, you get that in your head too early in your day, your whole day could be just kind Of, oh, it's crazy. But you started it. Well So I just crazy. Well, that's okay. It's not a judgment, You know, technology was changing at the same time, but we're Glad you did, man. We're glad you did, man. Tom, thanks so much for all the entertainment over the years and yeah man, I just appreciate you spending time with me.


Congratulations on the new engagement. Thank you. Thank you for having me on the show, Theo. I mean, it's awesome man. I, I love the show and tour. Appreciate you having me on. And, and y'all Wanna come pet that donkey man when I get up there. Absolutely Come. Pet the donkey man. You will There. Okay. Alright. Thanks Tom. Thanks to now I'm just falling on the, and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of, I can my bones, but it's going.