
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one, Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


I have some new tour dates to tell you about. I'll be in Chicago, Illinois on April 24th at the Win Trust Arena. Fort Wayne, Indiana on April 26th at the Allen County War, Memorial Coliseum and Miami, Florida on May 10th at the Caste Center. All tickets at Theo Von dot com slash to u. Today's guest is a stand up comedian, a podcaster, an actor. You know him from his shows. Bertcast and Two Bears, one Cave with Tom Segura. He's got a new special coming out on Netflix called Lucky, which premieres March 18th.


I'm grateful to have my friend The machine here today, Mr. Bert Kreischer. There's a woman out there teaching her kid how to ride a bike. No, I could do it in five minutes. You want to do it A buddy? It's part of my, what I'm working on in therapy. Really let people have their own thing. Oh Yeah. I'm, I'm, I get my fingers and everything and I just was like, Hey, here's what we do.


We take off the pedals. Okay. And you teach him to just glide with his feet and lift his feet up. That's how I did it with both my girls. Then we go to a subtle decline and we do it that way with feet up the whole way. Then we put the pedals back on. Teach him how to pedal. So easy. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Riding a bike. The toughest thing I remember, well, first some guy who's teaching, you don't know him, usually in my neighborhood. You didn't know him. It was like some dude's dad, we'd be out there drinking or something. He's like, I'll teach this little whatever. You know? You are like, well, that's not, that's a whole, That's not how it works at all. Well, yeah, well, it's usually, You definitely know the guy. Well, yeah. But yeah. But a lot of times you also don't know you. Some people, some places you don't know the guy. Right. Or if your dad isn't there or whatever. So there's some guy who sets his beer down.


He is like, I'll teach this little mother fucker. You know? I almost did that out front. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. That tracks, Yeah. So then, then That guy, like, so now suddenly there's some guy teaching you don't even know or whatever, and then they get you going. Right. And that part's good, but the scary part is then you realize you have to steer. And that's where a lot of people just bang right into things. You Do two things at twice. You have to pedal and steer. Yeah. And it's, and it's, it's counterintuitive. My daughter, Isla, I, the first time I taught her how to ride a bike, I got her going like, pedals off gliding pedals back on, here we go. And boom, hit a BMW hardy shit over the handlebars body mark on top of the hood.


Ooh. And I was like, God. So then, oh my God, set. She goes, I'm good dad. Second time we get her, she hits a trash can right away. I'm like, God dang, come. And then third time she Had Hadda fire hydrant. And then we realized she needed glasses. Oh, Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. We Had Hadda get her glasses At that point. She's dyslexic too. She hit so much shit. We got a video of her. She, she just, that kid has been, are we rolling? Are We good? Huh? I don't know. Are we? Yeah. No, you're good. Okay. We were, we, that kid rolled the dice on life so much. So much. Do you know the feeling of when you cut your bike front tire and it goes like this? She would, yes, she would do that. That's how she rode a bike. She liked her stomach just drop. Oh. So she'd go, and Georgia Had Hadda GoPro owner helmet, and Isla did it, and then went over the handlebars.


And it's the cutest video. Georgia looks at me, he goes, dad, I got it. Capture the footage. Yeah. It was great. Wow. You guys are a footage family. You've always been kind of a footage family then. Yeah, but it was before content, really. Right. Look at, I mean, we, you know, I got an Instagram to, not to, for professional reasons. I got Instagram to keep up with people I knew in high school and college. And then you're like, oh, in comics, cool. Yeah. No one was posting videos of like, promo videos. No. And, and then I shared everything about my family, on everything. I remember the first time I realized maybe I was oversharing is I posted our Christmas card on, on Instagram, and someone hit me up, guy we both know that we respect, hit me up.


And he was like, dude, what are you doing? And I was like, and it got like a million likes. And I was like, you know, I don't know, you get addicted to the likes, you're like, noise. They killed it. And then you don't realize your kids, all their friends see that. And then you're putting, you're taking toothpaste outta the tube that you never put back in. But that was, I, it was, we were creating content, not knowing what we were doing. Oh, I see what you're saying. Like, you were like, maybe you were putting things that might have been too personal out there. You mean Way too personal? Yeah. I mean, I talked about ISO's period on one of my specials. Oh Yeah. And you weren't there for the first period or whatever were you? Yeah. Oh my God, dude. And we thought you had like candles or whatever, huh? Yeah, we did. Hang on. Yeah, dude, as a comic. Okay. You, certain things happen to us where we go, that's too good.


That's gotta go on stage. Like, something happens and you're like this. Oh yeah. It's like just, it's a, I don't know if it's like a, I don't know, like if it's a neediness or whatever it is. But she got her period. And I, I mean, I talked about it on special, but she called me from school and she's like, yo, it happened. I was like, yeah. She's like, I go, what do you need? Like new socks? Or like, just, she's like, you know, new panties, new pants, new whatever. Yeah. She goes, no, go to the, go to the store and get a red velvet cake. I was like, huh. She goes, we're throwing a period party. And I was like, Wow. I was like, okay, Be positive, huh. And immediately as we were, as, as the night went through, and by the way, I put it on all social media. 'cause it's funny. And no one, no one has a frame of reference for how big this is getting, you know?


And you're just filming and you're laughing and everyone's laughing. And then Ila the next morning was like, yo, maybe we wanna take that off social media. Maybe. I don't want everyone I went to school with to know, I got my period yesterday. And I was like, Oh yeah, Good Call A 10-year-old or 12-year-old, whatever you are. God, I don't know if people got, I mean, I guess people trying to remember, I think if somebody got their period in our neighborhood, people would just start calling 'em a whore or whatever. You know? Like, I think people were just, yeah. People were, were more vulgar in our area. I think, you know, if anything happened, it was, everybody always made you feel ashamed and no matter what happened to you, you know. Oh, okay. Yeah. I've, I've been talking about shame a lot in the, have You been? Yeah. You just said, well, you just said you, that you, you saw somebody who was trying to teach your kid to ride a bike.


'cause I heard something going on out there. I heard something that sounded kind of Mexican or whatever happened out outside. It Was very Mexican. Yeah. Yeah. I heard like something kind of Mexican happened outside earlier, and I was like, oh, I wonder what's going on, but I'm not gonna get involved. I gotta work right now. But you came in, you said you saw a mom teaching a kid to ride a bike. Yeah. And you were gonna get involved. I wanted to get involved. Yeah. And I just was like, no, this is their life. What am I doing? Right. Like, what part, what need do I have to jump in, make it an event, event? Like, ah, and then, I don't know. So I was like, I'm working on that in therapy too, just like removing myself, slowing down listening. Yeah. Well, Leanne and I are in couples therapy. Oh, y'all are? It's awesome. No way. Yeah. I'm, I'm fucking killing her.


Like, I've gone, I've won three, she's only won two. Yeah. Two ties. I'm smoking her dude, the very first therapy, the very first therapy, the therapist. Like, I was just, I just, I didn't, like, we went into couples therapy in a good place. We're in a good place. But the girls both went to college. We're spending a lot of time together and, you know, and like, I just, I, both of us were like, yo, this is just different than we've ever lived. I've always been on the road home Tuesday, th Wednesday, gone Thursday, back Monday, and now all of a sudden, and I'm taking a break from standup right now, so I'm taking like a year off, and we're just around each other so much. We're like, maybe we should like just be in front of it in case something happens.


Right. Like see what's going on. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And so, yeah, the first therapy that the Leanne interrupted me and the therapist goes, now you know me, right? He goes, does he ever talk? I was like, oh, this is awesome. She's got, I'm got Leanne got crossed up. She'd be like, on her heels. She's like, wait, what the fuck? He won't shut the fuck. He's just not talking now. I never felt like it was like, Oh yeah, it was badass. Damn dude. Who, who picked a therapist? That's the thing that happens a lot of times is with couples. I think you get, if you picked a therapist and it's almost like that's your, you have like, you know, like the insider trading on the referees or whatever, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. She picked a therapist. She did.


Yeah. I'm not, I'm never gonna find a therapist. Yeah. And was it weird? And one of the things you said in there was that you gotta let people do their thing. Yes. I need to slow down. I have fomo. I wanna be involved in everything. I want to. Like, I just, I get, I feel like I've done too much just looking at you. Like, if I look at you, I'm like, oh, fuck, I gotta sit down for a minute, Dude. I get, when I wake up, when I wake up, if I hear something happening downstairs, I gotta go downstairs. I go, what, what are we doing? Hang on. We're playing with the dogs. I wanna be a part of that. Yeah. Like I, dude, I and I, my day starts early and it just, I, I slam it because if I have any downtime, I get in my head, I get on my phone, I don't, it's, it's just not positive. And So I pack my days.


I Had Hadda therapist tell me one time, you have fomo. Wow. I was like, that doesn't sound like a therapy. Yeah. That, well, I mean, it's just crazy. You would, yeah. I guess you hear something you want to go see, you wanna be a part of it. You wanna know what's going on. Yeah. Like did, when, when you got sober, did that change? Because there has to be a part of you when you get sober where you go, Hey man, they're all going out. But I'm cool staying home. I don't have that. Oh no. I just didn't. I, what the best thing that happened from that was at, at like 1130 or midnight. I was like, I'm fucking heading home. So you just didn't end up like in the retardation hours, you know, you didn't end up fucking, you know, sneaking into somebody's house through an air vent or some fucking shit.


Or some dude tricking trying to trick you into being gay or whatever. You know, like, I'm so glad when I hear you talk like that, I go, I definitely don't have a problem. Oh yeah. I've never known anyone to climb through an air vent. Oh, dude. Have you seen the, there's a great meth tribute video where a guy shows up through a floor air vent in somebody's trailer. That shit was something else. Dude. When I was a kid, my buddy Jeff, he had like a lot of violent tendencies or whatever. I don't know what happened to him, but he would get so angry, his parents would send him to his room and he would beat the drywall out of the walls of, in his room. And every year for Christmas, they would get the drywall redone in his room.


Oh, that's very sweet Of him. And he would listen to that song. You gotta keep 'em separated. Yeah. I just met those dudes guy. Do you know they, they got, they, they said, I was talking to the two Dexter and, and fucking Slinky. It's not slinky Dexter noodles. What? Noodles? Dexter noodles. And they said, you know that a lot of white supremacists adopted that song? Oh yeah. You know, another song White supremacists adopted? Huh? These boots are made for a walking and that's just what they'll do. But the, some white supremacists, one of these days, these boots are gonna Walk all over you Jews.


Oh, stomp. Yeah. Damn. There's a Yeah, yeah, yeah. I heard that in the old school. You ever watch the old school Ku Klux Klan videos? Mm. Did they do, they didn't do a music video, did they? I don't think So. I haven't seen that. If they did, they would Be like the videos where it's like the one British guy infiltrates the clan and he is like, so I'd like to talk to your son. And he is like, so do you have a problem with black people? Oh, you're talking about dude Louis Thoreau? Yeah. Oh, Louis Thoreau. Yeah. And then he'd go to like, their fucking, their big barn and they're burning his cross. And he is like, I feel a little uncomfortable. This isn't really my cup of tea. Oh, the cross is a little warm. Can you turn down the heat on the, a Little close to the cross?


Can we do smaller crosses? Maybe spread 'em out evenly by the tables. Kinda like a heat lamp. He goes, actually my wife's a bit cold. Could you spark up a small cross near her? Do you think that was the first crossbar? They're like, well, we wanna get us right here, but there's people on the side, So like, Let's get spread it out. Like the fire's too centralized. Well, I think that's why you, that's probably why they burn across. It's kind of the perfect fucking heat lamp. Right. I don't understand. I I mean I'm sure it's ominous to see a cross burning in your front yard, but I'd be, if I saw that and I'm like, two in the morning, I'd be like, fucking sweet. Yeah. I'd be like, nice. I believe in God. Yeah. Yeah.


Fuck yeah. I'd be like, oh damn. We got a mega death rally happening. We, what is this? Our organization is Just, you interviewed that dude. Advertis. Yeah. Fascinating guy. He is advertising the literature. We put out his, He did curtain Courtney too. I think he is done a lot of documentaries. He is done Aton. But he does like gossip documentaries. You Yeah. It's always, and it's a little, it was almost a little Fly swaps. Cups. Like a cheerleader megaphone. Yeah. Will the skin heard in the crowd? Please leave immediately. How about Elijah could be handy for cross burnings? I don't, that's not, that's not cool. Can use the big lighter for cross line? No, no. You Had Hadda use a torch or something.


How come it looks Bad? Can't use a bick lighter for a cross burning. Hang on, hang on. Let's hang on. Pick that apart. That is fucking hilarious. If they've built the cross, it's covered in fucking kerosene. And you'll see a guy at the bottom. I can't get it. Hang on. It's too windy. Like someone trying to light a cigarette behind the comedy store. Hey, somebody comes stand like this and There's a bunch of guys going like This, dude, one time I was at this party out in Franklin, Tennessee, and they had like a huge bonfire, right? And so they were, and they had one black guy that was at the party, right. And they sent him to pour the gasoline on all of this. Hu I mean, it was a huge politics. You Had Hadda climb up.


I mean, it was humongous. It was probably a Little gas goes a long way. I agree. And it was 40 feet wide and probably 20 feet high this Powell. And I was like, and there was American flags everywhere. I was like, you cannot send the one black. I was like, if anything happens right there. Yeah. This looks absolutely Like being with your Jewish friend and go, Hey, there's something in the back of my oven. Can you climb in and see if you can get it out? You're like, no. Fuck no. Well, that's why Jews invented the self-cleaning oven, dude. They're like, they're like, we're not doing that. Sure. We're not falling for that again. Oh, oh Fuck. They're gonna make us take that out probably. No, they can't, huh? Well, unless the Jews actually invented the self-cleaning oven, then it is just fucking God.


It was just, that's just factual information, dude. I can't, So I can't believe you're in therapy. So that's going on. Yeah, I like it. You do? I didn't do therapy. I quit therapy for a period of time because I was talking too much. Meaning two Bears, Bertcast, something's burning and tour. So I'm, every day I'm talking like four hours a day. And I was like, I just was losing my voice like crazy. I was like, I can't talk. I, I just don't physically want to talk anymore. And then, and then when I took time off, I was like, like second, I took time off. Like my first week I got really depressed. So I was like, I don't know. Really? Yeah. Yeah. But are you able to figure out like what that depression, because otherwise It's, it's not toing. Oh, it's just not. Yeah, dude. Not being on the go.


Not being, not being, not being on the go. Not having something going, not like, Hey, we gotta pack you up. We gotta get you to da da da da. We're going out to Boston. You're doing the thing, But you already have, you've done so much. Like, don't you worry that burn, like continuing to burn it at that speed would burn you out. Or maybe you just don't get burned out. No, I don't get burnt. I, I don't get burned out. What was happening to me was creative, like creatively, I just felt like I was just spinning my wheels and nothing good was coming out. Oh yeah. And So I was like, I gotta, like, I got done this last hour, this premiering on Netflix, March 18th, I think 18th. So I gonna check that. Lucky. And, and I, when I got done doing that hour, I feel like I had, you know how like when we get, you know how when you start a new hour, you scrap everything and then you go to your joke book, you go, I got like 20 minutes.


Right? I, for this special, I dumped everything. Fucking seven minute stories. Turned it into a three minute story. I dumped everything. I just piled this. My first four minutes was initially like 10 minutes and I crammed it. So I wanted it to be good. 'cause it's like, you know, it's like my sixth special. So I don't want people to think I got lazy. But then when I got done, I was like, yo, I, I need to, I need to write. And I was like, my girls are in college. I'm with Leanne all the time. Like, what am I talking about? Like, who am I? What am I gonna like? And So I was like, I'm taking time off. But my first week I'm sitting in my backyard and I'm just like depressed. Looking at people, touring, having fun, looking at like, So severely just that fear of miss missing out, missing Out, man. Like I just, I love the energy.


And, and we pulled fully loaded from the summer to gimme time off to do the, this thing, this Summer. This summer it was, we do fully loaded every summer. And it's so fucking fun. Oh, Those videos I would always get en so those, seeing all the pictures of the gorges and stuff like that. And you guys are just having a blast. I would always feel like such a loser that I wasn't doing it or I wasn't. Some of those places, No, you just like, can't afford you. I don't know about that. There Wasn't, there was a second where I could have gotten you and Schultz were the two, like two kind of like white whales. It been, it would've been me. You Schultz, Shane Gillis, Mark Norman. Mark Norman. Yeah. Santino. Like, it just laser. It would've been, it, it's it's, it's such a fun group. Whitney. Nicki. It's such a fun Big j Dan Soter. It is so fun. And Schultz called me directly and he was like, I got your offer.


And I respectfully declined. But then his agent was like, you can't afford 'em. Dang. And I was like, okay, I get it. But you want your friends to blow up. It would've been cool. But it's like, you don't ever want someone to take a pay cut to come do something. Yeah. Or sometimes it's also just a time cut. It's like, since we've been podcasting more just takes so much time and then I have to do it here and Nashville. It's just like the back and forth. That's why, that's why I said this when we were in, I apologize to interrupt you And your own touring. So it's like you have your own tour. It's like last year, I don't know, I, I maybe had two weekends where I did something for myself that, that I wanted to do. That wasn't work. Which is fine. 'cause I like working, but I like working too. They say, do you have a hobby? And I go like, podcasts? No. Like, do you have a hobby? I go shoot content.


Like, no, like a hobby. I go, I'm working on a movie. Yeah. And they're like, no, what do you do for fun? I go like, collect rocks. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Like, look at toads, take pictures of animals. I don't who, who the fuck does that? Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. Sometimes there'll be, people will be like, you gotta get a hobby. And I'm like, well, some of my hobbies became work. And so they're still my hobbies. They're just more, it just like, you're just super involved with 'em. I guess. I guess I could get a nice hobby. Like What? Mm. Like think about like Walking with a friend. Can you do the top 10 hobbies? Yeah. Walking with a friend is not a hobby. It isn't. Because immediately I go, why don't we turn it into a podcast? Here's the beautiful thing about podcasting. Okay. And so let's scrap, like, ignore that. Podcasting is a business.


When are me and you gonna get a chance to sit down for an hour and just hang out with and go, yo, you can't answer your phone. Can't look at your phone. Let's just talk For the rest of our lives. Probably never till we're older Or, or if I, if you have something you wanna promote, maybe we can do it over at my house. But it's like, it's kind of fucked up. I'll never get a chance to sit down with Kevin Neelan for an hour. I sat with 'em for an hour and 30 minutes. Got to ask him all the questions I ever wanted to ask. Danny Trejo, Travis Parker, you know, jelly. It's like I see Jelly Jelly's a little different because I see him and I end up spending a lot of time with him. Yeah. He, he's somehow so acce, he finds he's so accessible in a weird way. Yeah. But, but podcasting, I don't look at that as work. I look at his opportunity to hang out with my friends, you know, and, and, and get to know other people, other men.


Oh, for sure. Yeah. And I think a lot of people maybe don't get as much time of that. And so that's why they listen to podcasts too. It's like, ooh, you know, a lot of people Don't, Ooh, I Like what you said. Maybe they don't get as much time of that as that. So that's why they listen. They're listening more to podcasts. I think some of it's why wireless and it's like, oh, I wanna hear a conversation about this thing. Yeah. And so that's what I'm gonna listen to. Or I wanna hear about a conversation that's funny. Or I don't get to hang out with Tim Dylan and Rogan. Yeah. Together. So you gotta hear. I never, I never do. So it's fun when I listen to the two of them talk because they, they, they have smart brains in a different way than me. Like I'll never think the way they think. No, They're the best Dude. Tim Dylan is so original. It's unbelievable. He is my favorite gossip in the world.


He had this bit about the other day on, on, it was a social reel and it was like about the fires and how somebody hired private security to protect their private firemen to protect their ice cream shop or whatever. It was like, all these places are burning, but the fucking Maui peach sorbet was fucking saved or Whatever. I loved You were doing your fingers the whole time as you were trying to make it, it fancy the Maui peach sorbet. Yeah. I think if you do this, do you, you Doing this all time? Like you're selling fancy to me. Well, I think I was trying to think of something fancy and this helped me. Yeah, No, this this little movement right here. Just like, Hey, do you guys wanna go to dinner? It should really nice.


Hey, if I take my dick out, I think you're gonna like it. I put sprinkles on it. That's like, who had that joke? If you call something Mexican in front of it, it just makes it so much better. Dude. No. Oh wait, that's not what I thought. Oh really? Oh, you thought worse. I was at a, I was at a re you know the Mexican restaurant at the end of the Santa Monica beer? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And this guy, the lady comes up to me, my buddy Eddie, and she goes, would you guys like Mexican hot chocolates? And we're like, Ugh. No thank you. Would you wrap us in a blanket? Hold us down and shit in our mouths. No thanks. I think we'll pass Mexican hot chocolate. Sounds like a fucking, like when you want a Mexican blow jobb and you're like, hold on. What are we doing here? Like, it's like the, the donkey show. Do you ever see a donkey show?


I never saw it. I don't want to get involved with that. Have a good relationship with outdoor, outdoor animals. I don't want to get like that. Yeah. This is this clip right here. Oh, I love that. He's, You can play it from right there. It's fun. That little Palisades village. I'm glad it's still there. I am. I'm glad That guy brought in his own water and fucking was like, yeah, we're, we're not losing, what's the fucking McConnell's? We're not losing that ice cream place people burning alive in the street. He is like, yeah, we're not losing McConnell's. What are you nuts? It's a good ice cream. S Barbara Strawberry is a great flavor.


What are you nuts? What's that other sushi place? Is it Blue ribbon? Blue ribbon? It's good. Yeah. Fuck yeah. The fucking, it's just hilarious to be a billionaire and to go. We're bringing in water and we're bringing in our own firefighters and then the firefighters show up. They're like, alright, who do we save? And you're like, what? Get, get the fuck in front of blue ribbon sushi right now. You fucking buying you a piece of shit. Who do we say the tiger roll. That's a fucking get in front of Blue in the Tiger Roll Tiger Roll. That's good. I wa what I'm impressed is me about Tim is he can do his show by himself for fucking one hour.


Yeah. Once a week. Have you ever tried that For one hour e every day? No. Have you ever? No. Once a week. He does his show once a week and Yeah, I did that for years, I think, didn't I? Yeah. He was solo for the first couple years. Just him talking And then my brain, I ran out of anything. I don't even know now of just like a fucking thoroughfare for other people's bullshit. Now it's like, it used to be, I used to have some of my own ideas. Now it's just fucking nothing. You, I think you still have your own ideas. I dunno. You know, I always say to people, I always say to people, Hey, wait, were you, were you using drugs when we did that fraternity pilot? Let me think.


Oh, remember that thing, dude? Yeah. I tried to buy it. That pilot. Yeah, because I think Bon Murray collapsed, right? Yeah. I Think they, yeah. I don't know what happened. Yeah. But because the pilot was what it was three guys were going back to college. It was kind of based on old school. Old school. I think it was Called old School Three guys were going back to college. Was that it? No, no, no, No, no. Me, you and Brett Ernst were starting a fraternity. Starting a fraternity for people outta college. Yeah. And man, we did not think that through. No, we just put it in fucking Craigslist. Right? Yeah. Remember that one guy finally kissed that hook or whatever and his fucking glasses steamed up. Remember Ernie? Remember That guy? Dude. A couple of those guys. Dude, hold on. You're underselling.


You're underselling What we did. I have, we talked about this. Hold on. So it was, I'm just gonna set the scene. 'cause this was the funniest pilot I've ever been a part of. Okay. It's me, you and Brett sst. Yeah. We were the hosts and executive producers. Oh wow. So if you don't remember that, I don't think I got that good of a deal, but let's keep going. Well, I, I think it might've, if I'm not mistaken, I think I was, I might've been the one that was like, 'cause I had like headsets in and I was talking to producers and it was all our ideas. So we were like, all right, we're gonna get these out. Put it in Craigslist, we'll get a fucking party bus put in Craigslist. If we got anyone that applies, we'll take 'em. We had no fucking background checks. None. Do you remember that?


Yeah. I remember, remember that one guy showed up? He was a pt. SD Oh well, Oh yeah. He had PTSD and he'd wake up in the middle of the night and Marine crawl around the fucking house to check the perimeter. Oh, do you remember That guy? The Little guy that didn't speak English threw up in the fucking in the garbage can and we couldn't get him out. Well That guy was a ninja, remember? Yeah. He was a full-time ninja. He said, yeah. And we're like, where? He was a full-time fucking ninja. Yeah. And then there was the guy you championed and you were trying to get a laid, he made out with the chick his steam. Get dude, dude, one dude cheated on his wife and he was like, I think I just ruined my life. And we're like, ah. And so, hold on. You're Like, yeah, Hold on. This is the best is we wanted to throw a party for them, but we didn't know how to get chicks. So we just hired prostitutes. Yes. Yeah. We hired real prostitutes, dude.


And that white guy, Everyone was getting laid, but it was because they were, we paid for this. Everyone was like, this is great. Do you remember our band? Do you remember the band Uhuh Do? Oh, was it a, was it that all female band with Tape over their nipples and their pussies? Yeah. Harlow. Wasn't that their name that you Remember their name? I think that was them Google Them Harlow. They, they would, they had Jack Daniels and pillows and they created a pillow flight. Feather feathers went everywhere and they'd spit Jack Daniels in our mouths. Yeah. That's how the pilot opened. My name's Bert Kreischer. Me and my two best friends are starting a fraternity. It's gonna get wild. And the girl spit vodka in my mouth. And I was like, I'm married with two kids. Yeah, dude. That was that. Is that, no, that's not Them. I don't know if that was them.


Harlow was a girl band. I thought, oh, that's Them. That's, that's them. Yeah. Dude, they were cute. Oh, They were fucking killer. They were hot too, dude. I remember the, I remember the executive producer came out to the pool. All the prostitutes are naked. They're all in the pool. I'm in the pool with a in pajamas. And everyone's and the producer, one of the executive producers goes, he goes, I can't use any of this. I remember the sound guy was like, Hey, you wanna hear something? I was like, what's that? And he grabs the headsets and he takes 'em off. He goes, put 'em on. I go, what is that? And he goes, someone's getting their dick sucked in the bathroom. Yeah, dude, I hope it was me, dude. I'm trying to remember what happened. Were you using drugs at the time? I don't know. I hope I was.


It sounds like it was a fucking blast. Dude. Dude, Dude. I mean that, I don't know if I needed drugs at the time. That sounds amazing. The guy broke the champagne bottle over the goat's head. Yeah, dude. Yeah. I mean, we fucking beat up those lesbians. It was the fucking wildest show ever. One of them fucking asked for it, dude. Well, The big one asked for it. Yes. The little one. Sure. A victim. I'll say that. That was the greatest pilot I've ever been a part of. I forgot about that. That's when, that's when, I mean, like, Remember we showed up at some, at a, at a place. We stole that fucking goat. Put him on that bus and he started shitting in the back of the bus. And the only person that would go back there and care for him, he was some like, he was like a third generation veterinarian or something.


That one really white kid. Yeah. And people kept giving it beer and Stuff. And we stole the wrong goat. We Did, yeah. We had, we had an address that we were gonna pull over and we had already arranged to take their goat and give it back to them, like production wise. So we pulled over to Piss and the fucking Irish kid, do you remember the Irish kid? Is his name Killian? Oh Yeah. Oh, I think he was a comic. Killian. No, Killian's. Just the name of a beer. I thought that was his name. Seamus. Seamus Seamus. It wasn't him. It was a fellow named Seamus. I think he probably passed, I dunno if he passed away. A couple of them. A lot of those guys are dead. Shame. O Farrell. Is that him?


A lot of guys that were in that pilot died. Yeah, because I was in his Facebook group with him and like the big guy or like the big guy he passed. Remember him? He had two kids. Oh, did He? Yeah. He was a fucking, He had two lunches too. I remember that. He fucking, he did not make it that long. I was like, dude, you can't have two lunches because he would've lunch. And then wait a little while and pretend like he hadn't had lunch. I remember. He's Like, wait, are they serving? Yeah. We're like, yeah. Oh, what are they serving? Like you just ate it. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, it was just that reverse. He would use reverse psychology with his own stomach or whatever Come and that was the funnest. Like I always say, like, I forgot about that. That was like, it's like, you know, when you, you know, when you discover someone, like when, like I'm thinking of, the best example is like Cam Patterson, right?


Like I, my, my wife's friends, their kids are in high school and they came to one of my shows and they're like, have you seen Cam Patterson at the time I hadn't. And then I was like, no. And then I watched some of his clips and I discovered him and I was like, oh, he's funny. Yeah. That moment we all have it for comics. And I've heard, I've heard for a very long time, watch people discover you when you they go, dude, do you know the Yvonne? But I Had Hadda discover you too. Like, right. I got to find that you were funny too. Right? And I always say it was that fucking pilot where I just kept watching you just like, like everything you were saying was like so fucking funny that and thanks man. Oh no. That and fucking reality buys back. I've always said that. Like that finale Theo, you were the single funniest human being I'd ever been around in my life.


Really? Oh my God. You were dropping dimes when we were all sitting in the bleachers. I was crying, laughing. I never laughed harder in my fucking life. Damn. Where I was like, this guy, everything you said was fucking hysterical. And you're in a room full of killers. Killers in there of Killers. It was so much fun. Look at Schumer looking vibey right there. Do you remember when Donelle, we were, we were in the car and Donelle said to Mo Mandell, 'cause Mo Mo was like, I love Mo, I love Mo. I'm not shitting on Mo, but Mo was younger than everyone. So he was like trying like, Oh yeah, he was trying the whole time. It's that energy you do when you're young too. You get put in a place, you try to, yeah, you try. And he goes, Donnell's in the front of the van.


He goes, Mo has anyone ever told you you're funny? And Mo goes, of course. And he goes, name one person. And Mo goes, my mom. And we fell out of the fucking van. Darnell goes, your mom doesn't count Mo, your mom doesn't fucking count. Oh God, Dude. Oh, there's my boy right there. He just had his second child. I think He's selling TV shows. He's doing great. Mo's a creative dude, man. He is a very creative dude. Look at Schumer. Holy shit. Hi, I'm, yep. And I have a Goatee because if I don't, it looks like my real chin has balls. Look at you. Look at how hard my voice is. Start Laughing. It looks like I'm teabagging my shirt. My name's Theo Von. And this $50,000 would mean that I could get out of debt.


Listen to our voices, Put a down payment on a better apartment or an apartment in general. Who looks the most like a 80-year-old black man in their picture? What he looks, wow. Look at you. Hubert. Support of my career. Fuck. Build a house. The border patrol agents better watch out practicing. We've been throwing some Oh shit. Across a family. You remember this up? That's when we threw those Mexican Cabbage Patch kids. They died the Mexican. 'cause they weren't, they the Mexicans have been discontinued or whatever. Yeah. Or cab. How do you say cabbage in Spanish? Ka ka Nino. So we had these fucking ka ninos, right?


And we're just, they're like, you have to throw 50 of 'em over this fence. Like it was gonna be hard for fucking adult men to do that, bro. We were humming those bitches over there. And remember Chyna showed up. She was the wrestling woman. Oh yeah. And she was all geeked up on pills or something. And she, she was supposed to, as they went over the fence, somebody was supposed to shoot them down with like a, a, some sort of a, a paintball gun or something. I was like, what are we doing?


Do you like winning real money? If you're a basketball, baseball, or sports fan, then check out the pick six app from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on all the other apps. I've used them all and have found that I have had the best luck winning with Pick six. So this is my new go-to app. It's super simple to get started. You select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a certain stat, like points, rebounds, three pointers and more. For instance, you can pick Luka Don Chick to have more than 24 points. And Chris Paul to have less than 7.5 assists. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and others. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in on your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 bucks in, Pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick Six app NOW and use code THEO. That's code Theo. For new customers to play $5 and get $50 in, Pick six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


Alright folks, if you're like me, you've probably Had Hadda little itch for Bitcoin recently or you've been wanting to dip your toes into that crypto pond. Well if that's the case, then listen up. I want to introduce you to Moon Pay the smoothest, easiest way to buy or sell crypto. No need to learn some secret handshake or barter with a medieval wizard. Just use what you've already got. Credit card, debit, PayPal, hell, even Venmo. That's right. If you've been thinking about stacking some digital coins, moon Pay has got your back. I've Had Hadda, Rocky relationship with crypto. You know that. I've been in, I've been out. I'm that hokey pokey Bitcoin bad boy. I am. I sold it all a few times. I thought it was over for good. But like a boomerang. I'm back. Thanks to Moon Pay. Using Moon Pays app is simpler than a one string guitar and it's available on iPhone and Android. So you can always have moon pay in your pocket. And if you're wondering is Moon pay safe? Well their security is tighter than a pair of church pants on a center and their support team. Woo. They're an all gender reser baby. They will hold it down. So if you're looking to jump into crypto, there's no better place than Moon Pay head over to moon pay.com/t Or you can access them in any of your favorite crypto wallets, such as Exodus, phantom meta mask or Trust wallet. This isn't financial advice. Trading Crypto carries risks and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is here to facilitate, not advise


To the, my favorite one. I wish they had video of this. I wish I could find this video is we did So you think you could dive? Yeah. Oh yeah. And, and you said everyone practiced diving all week and you're like, I'm good. I already know what I'm doing. And you got up to the, if I'm not mistaken, it was like the 10 meter or like the five meter. It was high as shit. I went up there in a wheelchair. I would like to present my ode to Amelia Earhart. And you sang to Amelia Earhart and you got, and you just had them push you off in a wheelchair. And you had not planned that once the front wheels went off, that you were going face first and you fucking landed on your stomach so hard came up.


That was the fucking, please tell me you have it. I you have it. Oh, shut the fuck up. Really? Oh my God. Oh, look how young we were. Bert, look at you. Oh my God. Look at this. This is when all I did was hit on, I hit on Greg, Greg Louganis the whole time. And then he got pissed 'cause he found out I was married. Really? Yeah. You remember he, that's why he voted me off. He was like, you don't tease a man. I do remember driving away Drive. This was in a Long Beach term. Remember driving home that day? I'm like, I can't believe I, I drove you home. Almost Smashed that dude. No, I drove you home. Do you remember? Oh, that's right dude. I picked up everyone in the car and Schumer goes, I hope none of us get voted off. It's gonna be an awkward ride home. And I got voted off and I drove home and I was like, it was quiet.


I was like, so what are you guys doing tomorrow do you think? Oh. And we're all going back to work. God. And I was not. Oh This Dear Lio. Oh my God. We'll come and find you. What the fuck, What octave is that? If I'm not mistaken, it was that kid Cameron pushing you off. Yes. That's that kid Cameron watch. Oh Good. With gravity.


Tell us a little bit about the genesis of the idea. Look How jacked you are, dude. God, I was handsome. Well Frank, There's a lot of ladies out there that are missing and I just wanted to kind of put a tribute out to 'em. Okay. We gotta find them bitches. You had the ladies facts. I Think you just lost. Hang on. Oh yeah. Do you have, do you, do you have that whole episode? Yeah, I have the whole Series. Okay. Do me a favor. Wow. Go to me getting kicked off. Do you remember this With the Greg Louganis? Do you remember he Did a nude dance for him? Do You have that? And Greg Louganis is a famous homosexual swimmer. He's, if I'm not mistaken, he's HIV positive. Is he? I think he was like the poster boy for HIV positiveness. Oh Wow. HHIV positivity. I saw that baby Suit.


I swear to, I just got rid of that bath Suits. I told you yesterday, I go to the end when I get voted off. What are you talking about? My wife Never made a rule. I just hit on him. Okay. I'm Your butt is so white to say That it's time for you to pack your trunks. Thanks so much. Now hit pause for a second. This was the biggest regret of my life. Yeah. Like sometimes you ever do a podcast and you're like, Hey, can you guys take that out? I'm, I shouldn't have said, Oh yeah, I talking about Bobby. And so like, now I did this and it No one laughed. Yeah. No one laughed. Everyone saw it and it was wildly rolling the dice on it. And I was like, I'm not certain.


And I went home and I got in bed with my wife that night and I didn't know how I was gonna be edited. And I go, I might've just ruined my career. Mm. I might've destroyed my career. I might've made it. 'cause I was telling everyone I was on this fucking show at my daughter's preschool. I was like, they're gonna watch this. That's insane to do that. I was, everyone was famous and I was trying to like, keep up with the Joneses. Oh yeah. I'm on a new show. I'm like, yeah, I'm on a TV show, whatever. Damn. Hit play. Have you seen this? You can turn. Oh my God. Alright. Biggest regret. Wow. Bird. Were you fully naked? Yeah. Had Hadda great time. Michael, I'll never forget this. Yeah. Fully naked. Just Close your rope. Exit big.


And does Michael prefer man or he prefers women? He, He's married. Michael I think was being like, honest, like, this is a bad idea. Another Set of bad decisions in my life. Michael. This one might be the worst of all. They don't stop coming. Oh my. Look at it. Look at it. It's not going away. If I look at it, I will turn to stone. No, you will. Maybe part of you will, but not all of you. Oh my God. That was incredible, Dude. I thought, God, I thought I ruined, I thought I ruined, ruined my career. Oh, ruined it. And what kind of pecker you got on you there? You can't really, they got it blurred out or whatever.


Just so, so we can Not big at all. Okay. I I'll show it to you right now and you'll, it's probably the exact same size. Mm. Do you remember we took a bath with Luelle Dude? Yeah. Oh yeah. Me, you Red Grant me you red Grant took a bath. Lunel, He ran for mayor of Baltimore. You know that? Oh yeah. We'll tell this story. Yeah. Do you remember Lunel had two bathing suits on? Did she really? And she took one off. Ooh. And she goes, boys, where your bathing suits? And then we took ours off and then she got out of the bath and we were all naked and she took our bathing suits. God, I don't remember that. I remember, I think Kyle's mom gave me, or somebody gave somebody. I don't remember what happened. Somebody ca one of us came or something.


Kyle's mom. I remember that Kyle's mom was a hired stripper. Yeah. Just we're clear. Kyle's mom, real mom's dad. Kyle's real mom passed away. Yeah. That's why they got brought in the stripper. Oh damn. Well I, yeah, I remember meeting your mom and I was like, oh, his mom looks like she could make dream catchers in Northern, in New Mexico. Oh Yeah. It, My mom looks like she fucking tells on black people that walk outta the store with all this shit from Rite Aid. Dude, that show was so wild. And it was like, bro, they paid us. It was pretty, it was fun. You got to be around other comedians. Tiffany Haddish was on there.


Donnell Rawlings. Oh yeah. Remember Javier George? That one comedian left. He left the first day. Remember George? Yeah. Jeff Garcia. Jeff Garcia left. Jeff Garcia. Don't to play that. I do not need to see that. No, don't hang on. I actually, that makes, I have nightmares about that. You know, where you've, when you know you've done something and you're like, oh, ah, why did I do that? Oh yeah. That fucking moment. Oh, that fucking makes my skin crawl. And this is when you made a, a promise to your mom in the dark or whenever they, they, I said, well, they said, you're gonna bring you in. You're gonna seduce somebody. And and the more, the more you turn them on, the better you win. And they brought it in. And it was our moms and I In The dark. In the Dark. And I told her what I do to her giving her oral sex.


Ooh. I fucking, I think about that. 'cause I was honest. I was fucking honest. Theo, That's illegal too, to do that to your mother. I think so. Theo did the Native American warbler. I did. Let's make this plane hatch. Whoa, mom. Whoa. I was scared. Let me see. Seduction. The first thing you have to know is the Native American war blur. Serious panty dropper. Let's make this plane heavy.


Whoa. Mom, You were so good at this. You were so good at this. Was this a, what What was it? Game, you Know, you were so good at the whole fucking game. Like it got in my head and I would get panicked and I I needed the money and you were just fucking chill. And I was probably on steroids, dude. You might've been, you look pretty jacked in this. I might've been on performance enhancing drugs. Have you ever Taken steroids? Yeah. Dude. You know. Yeah. They just Had Hadda new, did you see that? A new steroid Olympics was coming up? Oh, I hope, hope so. But that show was before its time. They should put the show back on the air. If they didn't, I don't understand. They ne after that they fucked up. Man. I, I could not agree more.


They fucked up a lot. And then, by the way, what? Here's where they fucked up. This is where they fucked up. They should, we should buy that. Me, you donelle. Just people with little money. We should buy that and then get all the raw and edit it the way we want to edit it. Because that is, we could do one season, we could do five seasons out of just outtakes. I mean, the shit we weren't allowed to say. Do you remember we, me and Red we're in the pool with Amy Schumer and she goes, what are we gonna do now? And I was like, why don't we play leaky submarine? She goes, what's that? And I go, well, you are the leaky submarine and we gotta plug up all your holes. Ooh. And everyone's like, can't use that. And I was like, what? It's fucking funny. Like, dude, the outtakes we did just there, I'm telling you that finale you had, it was me, Chris Fairbanks, I think Schumer Red Grant and Donne were in a cluster and we were crying, laughing at you for one hour straight.


You were just, they would say something and you just honest, Theo, like, the person you are today was there that day and you were stream of consciousness. And we were as my Well, I'm, I've never laughed harder. Damn. That was so much fun. Look at me and Amy right there. God. And she Had Hadda boyfriend. I think she was in love with some guy. Yeah. I always thought you guys had sex. You know, I always thought we did. But dude, speaking of, what else were you talking about a second ago? I Don't Know. The steroid games. Oh yeah.


Did you see that Donald Trump Jr. Or some group is starting steroid? What? The enhanced games Donald Jr. President Donald Trump's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr. Is the latest who invest in the enhanced games, which critics call the Steroid Olympics. I didn't, I'd invest. I mean, listen, they steroids are extremely popular in, in bodybuilding and bodybuilding's. Pretty You ever seen natural bodybuilding? The answer is no. That's a good point. Yeah. You're like, okay, it's pretty fucking boring. You look at real bodybuilding and you're like, yeah, get, that's what I wanna fucking look at. Get on that fucking gas. Dude know I remember doing that fucking shit. Boy. What? What Did you take?


Oh, I took Deca. I took Deca. Yeah. Deca Wind straw. What I think, I don't know if I ever got some wind straw. I got whatever we, I could get ahold of. Look at the test. 200. Really? Yeah. Test 200. Test 400 test. There was some, I think we somebody we would go on spring break, we'd go get it. But somebody, people would always sneak it back in, like shampoo bottles. They would buy a bunch of steroids, but pour in shampoo bottles. So it had like this fucking kind of like, like soapy. Soapy after taste. Like you'd be doing curls, but then you'd like belch a soap bubble or whatever, like it was, it was really like every time you, like, like if you lifted up your arms, it would, it would smell when You'd sweat.


It would just be soapy. It Would smell like lavender or whatever. Like it was a real hybrid at the time. A hybrid type of chemical we were using. And that was one thing that was tough about it, but it was fun using steroids because, and I shouldn't say that. I mean, it was definitely also had side effects that weren't good. No, don't, don't buy away. Everyone makes their own fucking choices in life. Look, I'm, I'm on testosterone out the fucking gills right now. Are you, Are you Shitting me? Dude, I fucking love it. I jerk off every morning. I jerk off every, if I don't have sex with my wife, I, my dick's hard and I'm, I'm turned on every fucking morning when I wake up. But thinking about my wife, but I'm, if she's not there, like today, I jerked off. She was at, or at the gym working out, and I was like, or at her trainer or whatever, and I was like, I'm gonna jerk off.


Yeah. I, dude, it's awesome. I feel alive. I'm stronger than I've ever been in my entire life. I'm healthier than I've ever been. I do my liver numbers. That's all. Every damage I've ever done to my liver is all repaired because testosterone's, reparative to liver cells. Yes. It's fucking awesome. Well, are you, I mean, are you still fat or whatever then? Yeah. Yeah. Obese, morbid. Okay. I'm morbidly obese. Okay. I just wanna make sure you're still, you know. Yeah, yeah. Stick with the stuff or Whatever. No, I only work out. I only work out So I can party. Yeah. That's it. The only reason I work out is, so tonight if I want to, my wife says, yo, let's open a bottle of Rose. I go, fuck. Yeah. Because I know I was in the gym this morning. Hard as shit. I'm gonna be in the gym tomorrow.


Hard as shit, because you look great. I feel, feel, I feel phenomenal. I mean, I really feel phenomenal. And I will tell you, yeah, that I felt good when I wasn't on testosterone, but I, I'm just testosterone's just giving me like a zest for life. I think. I mean, the, the downfalls is like, my face is redder sometimes. So like, I have to get hair and makeup. Like my face can get pretty red. But I Think that's from the testosterone. I think so. That's what someone told me. Well, don't, don't you don't you lose hair though. That'd be my concern. No, I mean, I don't know. I was gonna get hair transplants. Leanne doesn't want me to Really? I've gotten it before. What? Yeah, a couple years ago I got in the back. I had so much stress in the back that my hair start got, got like thin. Your Hair looks fucking awesome.


Yeah, it's good now. It's clean. Did you go to Turkey? No. No. I went to, I don't even remember where I did it. I did it right off of there of La Cienega. 50 Laga. Really? Yeah. A good doctor though. Yeah. Pretty decent. They take it outta the back and they just put it in the front. It's like just reforestation or whatever, you know, whenever they like take the plants. That's not me. Jesus Christ. Your Hair. You've always had the thickest goddamn hair. I look at this picture That does kind of look like you a little bit. Oh, oh no. That's me. But that's not my head is the crazy part. But that is you. Yeah, but it's not my head. I never looked like this. I thought it was They shaved it or something. It's my bad. What?


That's so funny, dude. That's crazy, dude. With AI now, it's like anything is possible. What the fuck, Dude, that looks wild. I, well, this is not a before and after. That's a thing. That's a, oh, internet Make that a before and after. Just the bun hairs transplants. Because, because by the way, if it's not real, it doesn't bother you. And it's fucking hysterical. Like they, if you type in bur er fat, all the pictures have been doctored and they don't bother me. 'cause they're not real. Right. The real ones bother me. Oh yeah. The real ones. Well, this Is, is that, is that, is that really you? This is really me. This is after I got my hair transplant.


The, they put all this, they inject all this stuff in your head, but it starts to come down your face. It's like pain reducers or whatever. So at some point you look like, Oh my God, you look like That guy from Ghostbusters through too. Holy shit, Dude. I look like I fucking did a lot of cocaine. That was fucking, could You do, could you do pills? Like pain pills? Oh, I don't know if you could take ibuprofen. I think there was something that you couldn't take. No, you could, you take like pain pills. Yeah. Could, yeah. They give you two pain pills right when you go in there and then they lay you down and you can watch different television shows. My place, it was a lot of Indian entertainment that they had in there. So it was like, the shows were Bollywood type Of, I wanna do that.


Yeah, dude. There's one type in Bollywood motorcycle. Motorcycle dance. There's, I was, so for a promo, I wanted to recreate this and I was gonna fly to Bollywood. All right. And do my promo in Bollywood. Dude, money goes pretty far in Bollywood, So I could pay like 10 grand to get a full fucking production Bollywood motorcycle dance. That's it. I bet. That's it. Bollywood music video guy comes off a motorcycle. These are awesome, dude. And I was like, I'll learn the dance. I'll get all the people and you gotta find the, nevermind. Fucking, You can Find it. Internet. But look at this, this probably costs $40. Just look at these dances. They're so beautiful. It's a whole movie.


You Had Hadda. I Don't know why we don't have more of that. I guess they tried it in Joker and it didn't work. Well, they'll, they have a lot more joy of like, I love this. I bet I could do this dance pretty easy. Well, they all, this is a lot of people. These people end up working at Disney World. I think They have a Bali. Bali Disney. Bollywood. Disney, yeah. Do they have a Disneyland in India? They have to. Huh? No. I met, I went out to dinner with a couple and they were like, that's good. And they go, did you, Leon? And I just went to Paris and they're like, oh, did you go to Disney, Paris? And I was like, no. And they're like, why not? And I was like, so fucking grownup. And they're like, oh, it's, we went, it's so awesome. And I went, I don't know if I could be friends with you.


Instead, they gonna The real Paris you mean? No, No, no, no, no, no. You know, they went to Paris and they went to Disney in Paris. Oh. As opposed to just being in Paris. They went to Disney in Paris. Like, why go all the way to there? Why the same fucking Disney go to Orlando, get save some fucking money. Stay here, stay here and go to fucking Disney for the day. They went to fucking Paris and then went to Disney World and saw Mickey Mouse. Who, by the way, just as Mickey Mouse. It's the same fucking Mickey Mouse. Like, it was amazing. Can you imagine? No, I can't imagine. But then sometimes, actually I went to China one time or somewhere and I Had Hadda get McDonald's because I was Okay.


That's that's fine. That's totally fine. That's like, Hey man, this is my culture. I wanna see how you represent my culture. Yeah. But going to see Mickey, You go to fucking Australia and go to Outback Steakhouse, That guy. Come On. What the fuck are we talking about? Oh, god dammit. Yeah. I don't, I listen, when I travel, I like to do, I like to, I like to, I don't wanna get up and crack it Dawn and do a ton of shit. Yeah. I wanna sleep in, I wanna wake up. I wanna go to the cafe, have a coffee, walk around, have some lunch, maybe some snails, couple beers, keep walking around. And then at a certain hour I go, let's start bar hopping around the city. That's the fun way to do it. And then a nice big dinner. Close it out at like two in the morning. No, you can sleep in the next day. Wake up. Go for a jog. That's what I'm talking about. You will not find me at fucking Paris. Disney.


Damn. You heard it right there. Disney. You heard it. Don't even come after him, do you? Oh, I wanna talk about that Steroid Olympics a little bit. Go back to it. 'cause I'm just curious about this. This is gonna be fucking awesome, dude. Well, I'm, I'm just intrigued. I think we're gonna start seeing more. I've long wanted to do a game show of like stereotypes versus each other, right? Like, there's like family feud. It's like the Ronson's versus the Hamiltons. Right? But I wanna see like the gays verse, the Yiddish or whatever. Yeah. You know, like, I wanna see like dark blacks verse bakers. Wait, can I, can I soft pitch you more ideas within the same context? Yeah. What if Right? You don't know what the other team you're playing against is.


And in playing the game, you gotta guess what they are. So like, there all their answers are one way. So you're like, where's the best place to vacation? And you hear a bunch of people go, you're the team you're playing against said Jamaica. Yeah. And then the other one's Like, or Birmingham. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And so then, and then the whole goal is to play the game and try to answer your questions as honest as possible, but try to guess who the other people are. Okay. Nevermind. Bad pitch. 'cause you could just lie and, and misdirect people keep going. But Maybe that's part of, there could be a strategy in there that that's how you do it. Yeah. But I would love to see the stereotype games. I think that that's where we're definitely headed soon. St stereotype games like asshole kids, like a DHD kids verse or whatever, you know, that's not No.


That, that would Probably, we gotta take that one out. But no, A DH kids versus autistic kids. Yes. That would be great, dude. Yeah. And autistic kids don't need to talk. They do mental telepathy. Yeah. They don't talk anymore. They just, just all documentary on that. Google it. They, and, and you put the two of them against each other. That'd be fucking great. It'd be great. But I think there's a lot of like, kids suffering from smallpox verse fat kids or whatever. Okay. What about this game show? All right. Okay. It's, it's you. Fuck what you get. Okay. Okay. That's the name of the pitch. So a guy goes up, okay. Like we bring up Theo Von. Yeah. And you have a room full of a hundred women. And you guys, guys, ladies, on your, by your chair, you'll see a little panel on a scale of one to 10 rate.


Theo Von, you can present yourself. My name's Theo. I grew up in Louisiana. I'm a stand up comedian. I have a podcast. I'm, you know, I'm on tour. I just did a movie born in March. Born in March. Yeah. Give your signs. My Birthday comes out the day after Your special does. I like it for Real. March 19th. For real? You said March 18th? It is. Yeah. Yeah. March 18th. March 19th. So, and then, and then you ladies rate, rate, rate him on what you think. So you go, Theo Vaughn is an eight. And you go, cool. Now Theo has already pre rated every single one of you. So look back at your panel and see what number you are. And they look and they're like, shit, I'm a six. He goes, everyone below an eight, get the fuck out. So just thins out the herd and you're like, all right, you are what Theo is willing to fuck.


Now, Theo, this is the group of eights that think they're your equal. You can either fuck one of the eights or you can go for a 10. And if you, if you pick the 10, you've gotta go to Paris, Disney. That's your vacation. You gotta go to Paris, Disney. But if you pick the eight, we're gonna send you to Bali and you're gonna be on the beach all week. You can fucking at 10 the fucking hottest outta your league. You can't get her by number standards. You can't get her. And then you take the two of 'em, the date, and you pick who they are. What do you think? What do you think? I just like the idea of rating people. I'd go B, I'd go with an eight to Bali. I'd Go with an eight to Bali too. I did with a sixth to Bali. Did you really? I Would, well my wife, but I don't know. She's like a more, like a six and a half. Is she?


I think So. I think she's getting prettier the older she gets. You know what? I thought that the other day? I didn't think like that. Yeah. I just thought, oh, Leanne looks so pretty. That's my Thought. You know what, can I do a secret time? Yeah. The one of my favorite things in the world, I don't know if you did it on purpose or I don't know how it came out, but I, I've said, I've said it a number of times. She did her live podcast outta Zanies. And you came by to say hi and support her. Oh yeah. And she called me bawling crying. She goes, you know, did you really feel, she goes, that I was so nervous. And I was so, you know, I feel like I'm in a different space and I'm doing my podcast and it, you know? And, and she goes, baby. And I was, I ju I Had Hadda leave in the middle and go to do a show in c Cincinnati or something. She called crying.


And she goes, Theo came. And I went, what? She goes, Theo came. She goes, he, that's why I love the people you've surrounded yourself. 'cause they're real people. She goes, Theo Vaughn came out to show me love and gimme support. And I was, I got emotional talent. It, So I was like, I was like, that's what you want. You want to surround yourself with people that care about you, and it's just not about a business. Yeah. And I, but thank you for doing that. That was the sweetest thing you could have ever done. Yeah. I forgot that I did that, but I did do that. Yeah, of Course you did. That's who you are. Sometimes you forget things you do. That's it. That's it. You found it. God, you're good. Can I hire your team? Sure. It only took 'em 11 minutes. Look at this. Look at this. I'm joking. Theo, this is promo video for my new tour coming.


Right. Do this in Bollywood. Watch this guy. Watch this guy. He's good. Theo. Oh my God. Look at this Turkish hairline. Huh? Look at this. Look At this. Theo. How great is this? So good. God, I would've been the best Indian. You would've your hair that wind blowing in your hair. And I think just my attitude, I would've Had Hadda. Good time over there. You Think so? Yeah. Theo, you would've never left your caste system. Are you gonna AI theo's facing it.


I was gonna do you But do me, do me, do me. Do me do me. Yeah. Divert. Yeah, please do it. Hey, wait, think about it. This looks like AI would've never lost. This isn't ai. You would've never left your nose just Indian. I would've found a way out. Can't. That's India. I would've found a way. No, that's our movie dude. Cast travelers or something. Or cast Time casters. Time casters.


You know, I like to save money. I do. I like to make money and I like to keep it and put it somewhere safe. I don't like taking a ton of risks. I don't like a, I don't like a lot of uncertainty. And that's why I do like Acorns. I've really come to admire this company. Today's episode is Sponsored by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. I'll tell you point blank that I've opened up Acorns accounts for my nieces and nephews, and I just admire the way that they do it. I admire their outlook on finances. You can sign up now and join the over 13 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $24 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available at Acorns dot com slash THEO. That's a COR s.com/theo to get your $20 bonus investment. Today, a non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns Tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risks. Acorn Advisors, LC, and SEC Registry Investment Advisor view important disclosures at Acorns com slash t.


Before we used Shopify, it was bonkers. It was bonkers. We had that old register system where you were filling it all out and giving it to your niece to run to the mailbox, and she didn't know how to use stamps and oh, it was a nightmare. But now we've got Shopify that helps our Merch store run smoothly. You can upgrade your business and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. That's the truth, because nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. Businesses that sell more, sell on Shopify. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout that ALO uses. You've heard of them or all birds, you've heard of them. They use Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash THEO, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash THEO to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash theo.


What does the future hold for your business? Well, if you ask nine experts, you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market raccoon. Market rates will rise or fall. Inflation's up, inflation's down. Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 41,000 businesses have future proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform. I admire this type of software that helps you keep things together, makes things easier, and lets you spend more time focusing on what's truly important to you. If I had needed this product, it's what I'd use. And maybe someday we will. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions. Wow. NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's Guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash th. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash theo. That's right. NetSuite dot com slash theo.


Are you gonna do more movies? Did you like it? We're making our movie right now. You Just made it. Well, we still five days left. Oh, For real? Yeah. I didn't know that. I don't know. We'll see. I am happy that we did it. Do can I ask you honest question? Yeah, A hundred percent. Man. This is why I don't do, I shouldn't say this out loud, but this is why I only do my projects. So I, I noticed that I have, for lack of better word, bad interior thoughts when I'm not in control. Yeah. And I, and I don't, I'm not good at it. So like, I, I did something for someone one time, and the whole time I just, in my head, I was like, I'm wasting my fucking life. I'm wasting my life. I'm in fucking makeup and no one's treating me with respect.


And I, and I'm fucking, and I was like, I'm just sitting in the goddamn trailer waiting for some 18-year-old to come and tell me it's time and I can't walk around. And I was like, I'm wasting my fucking life. And a friend of mine said, just gimme a heads up. Notice this in yourself and do, and get, don't allow yourself in that situation. She'll get a bad rap. It's what they're saying happened with that chick and that dude is that they didn't, they just Like lively or whatever. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Whatever. But I, I'm team Blake Lively. I like her. I think, Yeah, I don't know. I don't even know what happened. It just seemed like a, but I understand rich people being fucking rich or whatever. But Like, but did you, in doing it, did you, 'cause I know how internal you are and I know how you like, kind of pensive you are. Did you, were there parts of it where you're like, okay, if I do this again, I'm not doing that, or Oh, for sure.


Really. I think there's some of that I'm still learning. Yeah. Like there's just like certain like Ways to like do the script differently, to like certain have less scripts, we'd have more time to shoot certain scenes. Like that's one thing. It's like we just kind of run out of time, you know? Yeah. So it's like we can't, you know, so, you know, you can only get so much coverages or whatever. What else? I don't know if I would ever do the acting again. I would like to do the producing or writing, but I do. Yeah. I only like to, I I I'm the same. I I, I just only wanna do things that I, that I am in control of.


Right? Yes. Because for, for me, it's just, I don't want somebody else to have control of how I look or seem. I don't want somebody else to have a say. I don't want anybody to have any ownership over my voice. That's it for me. Yeah. It's like, when I was a kid, I felt like I didn't have, I, I couldn't speak up for myself or something like that. I don't know what it is. But internally, somewhere in there, that's what it is for me. So it's like, I don't want to have to say anybody else's lines. I just want to do what I want to do. And if I live or die on that, then that's fine. But at least it's just me. You know? Do you ever run into the situation where you get hired for something they want, they want you to come in and do something and then they're like, try to like script it for you a little bit.


Like, my example is like, they'll be like, you, you can take, take your shirt off. Right? And I was like, I don't know. Maybe, I mean, I don't know. It's fucking 10 degrees out here and they're like, okay. But it's coming off though, right? It's like maybe you just come out and rip your shirt off and be like, kill a beer. And I'm like, what? I also talk, yeah. But it's like, it's sometimes you get, if, especially if you get a little big, you get kind of typecast as in as a producer. They go like, so you'll just like, they did it to d and were like, he's just come in like a hurricane, like his hands going up like this. And he'd be like, ah. And, but there's no, did they you find that happening to you ever? No, I don't do anything. I only do our own stuff. Like, I don't ever do anything that I don't, I don't ever do anything else except for like our own things.


So me and Spade wrote that movie. I knew that he's a great actor, one of the funniest guys I know. So he would be able to carry it. I'm like the second guy who like is kind of we're, this is like a dumb buddy movie. And So I never put myself in a position where somebody have to be like, you have to do something like this. Yeah. You know? 'cause it goes back to your reason. I learned I don't do well in that situation. Yeah. Like, you know, I tried to do a, Chris Pratt had asked me to be in a movie years ago, and I Had Hadda leave once I got there because once I find they didn't give you the script till you got there. And so once I got the script and stuff, I realized, oh, this isn't, this just doesn't fit for me. It doesn't work with who I wanna be. They had Me like, how hard is that to do, To leave? Yeah. Oh, it definitely was hard. It was a hard like, you know, text to send.


I sent it all in Cap so they would know I was serious about it or whatever. But yeah, it was fucking Wait, What, what How, how it go? Did the movie come out? Huh? What movie was It? Yeah, tomorrow War. Remember that movie The Tomorrow War? No. And when I watched it back, I ended up realizing I made the best choice for myself. It took 12 weeks Wait with Tom Cruise. Dude, that's damn. Chris Pratt brother. That's Chris Pratt. Yeah. It's a new Yeah. Huh. The Tomorrow War. What was that about? It's about, It's an Amazon. People Went in the past, I can't even remember. It was kind of confusing. I saw. But it was great. It was fun. I'm glad that I got to do it.


I, sorry. I'm glad I didn't get to do it. Jesus. But, but I saw Chris who did, Who ended up playing you Just some other, they just moved the lines over to some other guy. Oh, they didn't? Like I tried to get Josh Wolf in, I remember as a substitute, but they just moved the lines over to a different character. But when I watched it back, the guy had two lines and it would, I would've bet it'd be there for 12 weeks. It just wasn't a good fit. Right. The first movie I ever Had, Hadda friend did, Tom did a movie with Mark Wal Do. No, mark Wahlberg. Yeah. And he was there for like five weeks. And I was like, I was like, oh cool. You're so, you're in a lot of scenes. He's like, I'm in like two scenes. I was like, you're there for five fucking weeks. He's like, yeah. As part of making a movie. I was like, no, I guess I'm not making a movie. Yeah. And then I was like, I'm not gonna fucking sit in a hotel for five weeks.


You gotta be kidding me. I like, Yeah. That was the thing. It was a long, it was a long time. And it was in Atlanta. And also I didn't know anybody on the set except for Marilyn Lynn Resco was there. And I'd met only Chris Pratt just through Instagram messages. So I'd never met him. Yeah. So that's an easy text then, then. Yeah, it was chill. And I actually did call the director too. And I called him and, and just shared off that. And they were, they were cool about it, you know, but then there was like a thing like in Hollywood, like, this guy might back at you move or something. I was like, I don't fucking care, dude. Like, as long as I was cool with Chris and everything was fine, it was fine with me, you know? Yeah. But that's when I realized, oh, I can't do something if it's not my own thing. And I, I'm not gonna be able to say, oh, we're, we're keeping that, or we're not keeping that, or I don't wanna be seen like that, or this sort of thing.


Then I just can't do that. Yeah. For me, it's just how I work. You know, when I Got back from Serbia, someone had written a part in a TV show for me and they texted me like, yo, I wrote a part for you. And I was like, oh, I'm, yeah. I'm not gonna do it. He's like, we haven't even read it. And I was like, I know that, but it's not my show. Yeah. He was like, but hold on, hang on. I wrote it for you. And I went, okay. I don't know what to tell you, but I can tell, I can just tell you Yeah. That if I go onto your show, I'm gonna have feelings and I'm probably not gonna be great. And I'm gonna be in a fucking different city for my family. And I just got back from Serbia and I kind of wanna go on tour and I kind of wanna do my podcast and I kind of wanna like, I don't wanna go onto another set. Right. And then play a, you know, fat guy that fucking what eats snorts coke or whatever, you know? Yeah. And so he was like, and I was like, and I'm friends with you.


And right now it seems we're friends. Right? So let's just keep the friendship and then I don't, we don't have to work together. Yeah. It's funny 'cause it's like as if I was younger, I would've been totally opposite. I would've been like, yeah, yeah, you're my friend. Write part for me. And now I'm just like, no, please don't write apart for me. Yeah. I think it's, I'm trying to think a little bit more about it. I mean, dish was like, I just remember thinking, 'cause we wrote it and then if we, we, nobody wanted to direct it. Nobody wanted to help us with it. No agent, no producers would, are You kidding? Can wait for anyone listening. That's how tough Hollywood is right now. Right now they're not making movies. No one making Movies. Well, I think they didn't. And also like, they don't want, I dunno if they don't want certain people to have voices, it seemed easier for other people to make movies.


Right. I'll say that. But also, wait, wait, Wait. I know what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. It seemed easier for other people to make movies. But You mean, you mean you two cisgendered white brother males Had Hadda hard time selling a movie in Hollywood. I know, but that's the funniest fucking thing that there's, 'cause there is semi a truth to that. But, but also we have had opportunities our entire life. But also it's like, you talk to any fucking writer, any writer in Hollywood who's like 50 a dude who's white, they cannot get a job. Like they cannot work. And they're, and and they lose. And these are all liberals. Yeah. Like, you gotta realize a Hollywood liberal writer, man, he's fucking storming the capitol about those goddamn scripts.


That's crazy. It's crazy. It's, I talked to any of them, they're all like, fucking dude, whatever's happening in Hollywood. I was like, you've Had Hadda. Good run. Yeah. I think, well, I, I just, then it was like, well, we have to do, it was like, I don't like thinking that if you say I can't do it, there's a part of me that wants to just show you that I can do it. Right. Like, I don't, I'm not a great actor. Right. I know that. And that's fine with me. And I don't, I wouldn't say that. Well I wouldn't say that. Have some. It's not real. I have some moments that are good in this thing, but it's not in the Fucking therapy movie are awesome. That's sweet of you. Yeah. It was easier for me to play like a disgruntled person kind of than I think like a dumb buddy kind of thing. And for some reason I've felt like that.


But then also I'm like going back and looking at the things and I'm like thinking of what else needs to be in this scene. Like, my mind's kind of like all over the place. But I do think that it's funny, the script is super funny. I'm curious to see how it was shot, how that plays out and stuff. So, and I'm just glad that, I think when I look back on my life, you know, I'll be glad that I got to do a movie with David Spade and Oh yeah. And it's like, yeah, we funded ourself Legends. One of the, we funded ourself. We did like, we did it all. It's like, it was crazy. That's Wild to me. Because you guys are, I mean, David is a legend. David's a Legend. David David Spade is like, I always think He's a legend. When you look at like SNL right?


The Did you watch 50 years last Night? I was there. You Were there? No, I was there for the 50th. The, I was there Friday and Saturday night. Okay. But when you watch it, it's pretty epic. And know, I will say SNL's 50th is a lot better if you're 50. 'cause you watched a lot of it. Yeah. If you're, if you're 20 years old, you're like, I don't get why these racist? Yeah. Like where's Timothy Chalamet? Yeah. Where, Yeah. Where's Timothy Chalamet? How come Pete Davidson not, not more sketches. Where's where's fucking, you know, chaperone. Yeah, Chaperone chap. And, but, but when you watch it and, and you're older, you're like, oh, I remember Eddie Murphy. Eddie Murphy and Will Ferrell and Keenan Thompson were fucking gold. Eddie Murphy doing Tracy Morgan.


Did you see that? I saw the skit with Eddie Murphy and Tracy Black Jeopardy, you mean? Yeah. Yeah. Where Eddie Murphy was playing. Tracy Morgan next to Tracy Morgan. It was So fucking, maybe I didn't pick up that. That's what it was. Oh, Did you see it? Yeah. Yeah. I saw this right here. Yeah. Leslie Jones. Did you see the name Tracy underneath it. Oh, I see. Oh, now I get it. Like, what did you think he was Doing? I didn't know what he was doing. I just thought he was doing Tracy Chapman or whatever. No, it wasn't Tracy Chapman. It was, this was my favorite sketch ever. We can't play it because it'll Yeah. They Will claim it. Sorry. But it dude, it is, it it was great. What was I saying? But David Spade is like, when you look at, so when you look at comedy history, right?


Yeah. When they, when they talk about comedy history now, it's kind of, it's kind of interesting, I think. 'cause you look back at the last 50 years Yeah. And there's only like a handful of names, but, but, but Legends that'll like Belzer, he'll be remembered. Richard Belzer. Yeah. And Larry David, Jerry Seinfeld, these Eddie Murphy, bill Richard Pryor, Sam Kinison, Carl Lebo will be remembered. Like they're, he was one of the outlaws of comedy. And then when you look at our generation, we're so thick with comics like so thick. There's so many fucking comics right now that a lot of us are gonna get forgotten and lost in conversation. David Spade will not be lost in conversation. Out of all the SNL people.


He, he has had one of the most probably fucking PRIs, crystal Clear, pristine, hysterical. His movies will fucking forever be talked about. Tommy Boy, black Sheep Meet Joe Dirt, the fucking all, he's a legend. And so make a movie with him is like, that's the coolest thing you ever that like you're ever gonna get to do. Yeah. That's what I felt like. I was like, I just, I have to do it. And we made it ourselves. It's like we made it. It's like we don't have anybody telling us what to do. And that's what I realized. I was like, oh, if I, if we say it went in the script and it went in the script and it went on the screen, if I Had Hadda go through a beat on a set to go ask somebody for permission to do it that way, then I wouldn't be able to do it.


Right. Yeah. I just, I wouldn't, I I I did like you're saying, I just know it would not react well with me viscerally. And If someone's like, Theo, I don't get it, you'd be like, hold on. Yeah, hang on. I, I hit dingers. Like, like I, what I do is just tell jokes and I'm just funny. So trust me that if I think it's funny, let me just try. And a lot of people will be like, I don't know. Yeah. I couldn't have. Especially like when you see a lot of the funny, like, but also I gotta see how this thing is, how it looks when it's done. Like I have no fucking clue. The script is super funny. We put all our own jokes in it. We wrote it for two years. Like we definitely, so, but I have no clue how it goes from doing the scenes, which are all done outta order to then it being an actual mo you know how it like that I cannot, my brain can't matric or like figure all that out.


Like, but we had some funny, but yeah, like Nate Diaz as a roll in, I saw, I saw Nate posted about it today. Sh Tim Dylan has, it plays the manager. Bobby Lee. Bobby Lee came in and did a guest star Tim Paterson. Yep. We got The William McCullough, William Montgomery, Montgomery Casey Rocket, some of the kill Tony guys and there's some others, some other also like great actors stuff. But then we also didn't want to overdo it and have everybody you knew there's Spady right there. And, and Nate Diaz dude fucking hilarious. I Sent a picture, I saw it. Oh Yeah. That was cool, dude. That was so much fun. And I think I'll look back and be like, man, this thing was cost you a ton of money and it wasn't worth it. But man, you Had Hadda fucking good time. That's what I think of dude.


When, when I, when I did, when I did the machine the very first night, I was like, I'm not gonna drink. It's Chris Avila right there. That's Nate's buddy. But it's, I mean, it's a real movie. Like when you're there, you're like, damn, this is a real movie. Yeah. And I have, one thing I got on set was Ice bath and sauna. Really? There's a portable company and they have ice bath and sauna and they bring it and they set it up right there for real. And that was like the one thing, 'cause I knew I wasn't gonna be able to go to a ton of AA meetings, So I was like, I'm gonna have to ooh, have something to like hijack my system to like, help me. So I don't, you know, pew, pew, pew, pew, you know, or shit. When was the Last, last time you pew pew Shot a place up?


Never. But it's like, you don't wanna get there in front of a bunch of people, you know? Especially around your friends. Wait, When was the last, when was the last time you fell off the wagon? Oh man. What's, what's it like when you real, like the morning after, is it, is it like shameful or do you go like, like, is it, because that's the only reason I never quit drinking is I don't wanna fucking, I don't wanna relapse like that. Like, honestly, my biggest problem with when I quit drinking is getting back to drinking is so difficult. 'cause you, you're doing so well and you're like, I'm feeling good. I'm losing weight. I feel fucking happy. Like, well, I don't wanna drink. And then you're like, yeah, but I don't wanna cruise and champagne. And then the next morning it's just like, the fuck you, you let everyone down. Although no one's let down because I never quit drinking.


Right. So like, but like, what's It feel like? Oh, I see that pressure of letting everybody down. That's why that's my pressure is why I'm, I'm terrified to quit drinking. So you're Afraid to quit drinking because you don't want to, because then if you relapse and you'll have let everybody down. Yeah. God, that's crazy. Dude. I thought you were say, I thought you were gonna say it was brilliant. No, it's like the same way, like, you ever see, you ever see someone that loses weight, right? Yeah. And they're like, I lost like 90 pounds. You're like, cool. And then they gain it back plus some. Mm. And you're like, oh, you should've never tried to lose weight. You should've just stayed that fat, that fat was good for you. Where you see people losing weight and suddenly it feels like the person that's been inside 'em is finally coming out to play or whatever. You start to see that coming to the surface, like a fish coming to the surface. You know, sometimes, sometimes you see that sometimes People lose weight and they're like, and you're like, I like your fat.


Oh yeah. I knew a guy like that. He used to clean the pool over at my friend's house. And one time I was there catching some rays and he shows up and I hadn't seen him in forever and he'd lost 170 pounds or something. This dude comes in and, and he, and he's walking around the pool and I'm like, and and, and he kinda looking at me, but he didn't say anything. 'cause I knew the fat pool guy. Yeah. I knew him well. So you're looking for the fat pool guy? Had no idea. This is like, maybe it's his brother or his son, or maybe they got a new guy. I didn't say anything to the dude. So we're right there around each other for like 45 minutes. Didn't say anything. And then later that evening I was like, man, I you guys got a new pool guy? And they're like, no, that's the same guy. He lost 190 pounds. I was like, fuck. Isn't that crazy?


You can change. 'cause when you lose weight, you kind of change your personality. Oh Yeah. Like When you, 'cause there's a narcissism. And by the way, I'm, I, I take what I'm whatever grain. A grain of salt. There's a narcissism about a person who decides weight loss is gonna be their thing. I'm gonna get real skinny. I wanna get ripped. Like, it's okay to get healthy, but like, when you go like, and look, if you're 400 pounds, that's not narcissism. That's just getting yourself to the next level. But you can change your personality when you lose weight. What if you could do something, you could change your race? Like what if you like, like dude, if you start eating blueberries, you'll be black. Mm. Wouldn't that be cool? Yeah. Just to be like, is Oh, you're eating a lot of blueberries. Like, I'm gonna be black. Like Yeah, we got a game on Thursday.


Like, I'm gonna polish off a few before I go into practice. That's how I do. If blackberries really made you black. Yeah. You're eating a lot of matza. You know, like taxes are due in April. Yeah. Dude. You know, it is. Fuck yeah. Trying to say, yeah, gotta cut some corn Here. What's up with the burritos? You're like, ah, my yard's a fucking mess. I gotta fucking clean that shit up. Jesus. Yeah. Somebody's gotta do it. What's up with the tuna fish sandwiches? Just trying to improve my credit. That's all. Just wanna get my good credit score. God Damnit. Whoa. What's up with eating pussy? And you're like, ah, that's just for fun. What's up With all those Hot dogs? I say anything, Dude.


What about being the first gay dude ever? It must've been crazy. Oh. Because imagine everybody's straight, right? And you wake up or something happens, you get hit by lightning or whatever, and suddenly you're gay and you're like, oh my God. Like you're just talking to your buddy who you who've who you've talked to every day for years. Yeah. And, and you're just like thinking like, oh, I'm gonna stuff his fucking face with some wiener. And you're like, what? And, and then you like, don't like, imagine that. 'cause then you have to take some other guy aside or somebody aside and be like, Hey, this is gonna seem totally crazy to you guys, but I keep thinking about coming on Jacob or whatever, you know? And people were like, what?


Yeah, that does sound crazy. Yeah. Don't tell anyone that. Don't tell anyone that. You're the only one that thinks that. Yeah. And then imagine the moment where you meet the other gay guy. Oh. You're like, were you, were you like, I remember I Had Hadda buddy one time. We were at a beach and he was like, Hey man, can I say something crazy to you that I, I've never really said to anyone, but I want to run it by you and see if you think it. Oh, I say no. When people say that kinda shit. I fucking, Oh, I said yes. I said, yeah, we were drinking, we were smoking weed. I was like, run it by me. He goes, there's a thing that everyone says they don't do that I do. And I was like, please be jerking off. Please be jerking off. Please be jerking off. I go, okay. And he is like, everyone says that if you do it, you're gay. But I do it and I'm not gay.


And I just wanted to like run it by you and see if you do it. And I said, okay. Ooh, what's the thing? And he goes, I, I jerk off and I had the weight of the world come off my shoulders. I want, I jerk off too. I jerk off too. Oh my God. I thought I was the only one that jerked off. I thought I was gay because I jerked off. Because that's what they tell you at Catholic school. Yeah. You don't jerk off, don't touch yourself. It means you're gay. You wanna play with dicks. That was what must be being gay and meeting another gay for the first time. Feels like where you're like, oh my God, I wanna suck Dick too. Oh God. But how do you let 'em know? Do you just be like, Hey, I would love to see that. I would love, I would Love two gays in the wild or whatever. Meeting each other. Yes. Like a, like a rich, a richer Attenborough movie.


Yeah. Where they're like, okay, we have at that lunch table. Yeah. Two gay men, The Memphis homosexual. Yeah. And then you can watch them kind of feel each other out. Yeah. Yeah. Perusing the Whole Foods produce section. What I think is fascinating is the gay dudes who hook up with the gay football player who then is like, you can't tell anyone I'm gay. I'm gonna beat your fucking ass. And you're like, okay. You know? Yeah. Like, that's like, Yeah. Like why do I get my ass beat? Just 'cause you're being gay or whatever. Yeah. That didn't make any sense. I would wish, I wish I could find out. Wouldn't it be cool if, like, on Instagram, I guess you could, but you could find out every gay dude you ever knew growing up, growing up And apologize to 'em or whatever.


No, no. I don't need to apologize just to know who they are. Oh yeah. To see who they are. Yeah. Dude, I think in the future you'll be able to know immediately if somebody's gay. My buddy's dad used to get, he'd get like the hiccups if people were gay. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Like, like allergic to gay people. No, He would just have like a, he would just like, he'd be, he'd be like, and he he Like an allergy. Yeah. Like, like all of a sudden if a gay person got too close to him, you like, and you're like, uhoh. You're like, I hope it's not me. Someone Get him a glass of water. Quick count to 10 while you're drinking 10 sips. Yeah. Stand on your head. Stand on your head. Quick, quick, quick, quick. Either that or you're getting the fuck outta here. Yeah.


Stand on your head. Or somebody's gay. Dude, it's just so crazy that being gay was always like the funniest thing though too to people. Like, you know. Yeah. It Still is funny. I think. Oh yeah. It, I mean it like, because It's so Different. I mean, I, I'm certain gay guys make fun of straight guys. I'm sure. I'm sure they do about like the way we think and they're like, Oh yeah, I want all that pussy. Yeah. I'm like, oh my God. They wants the pussy. Yeah. They want that long pussy, that wiener. I mean everything. Everything. Like, you ever seen white me people make fun of, or black people make fun of white people's texts? Uhuh, are They good? Oh, it's so good. But like the idea that they can't understand the way we communicate that black people just can't wrap their head around the way we simply communicate on a text and they think it's crazy.


They're like, shut up. Hold on. There was a text, HOSB, and they were like, what do you think They said, it's a black dude reading it. He speaks white. And he goes, they go and his wife girlfriend's like, what do H-H-S-O-O-B? What would that mean? And he goes, oh, I know what it means. It's hold on one damn second buddy. Ooh. And everyone's, and they're like, what? They put buddy on the end of it and he is like, Oh yeah. And, but like they find that funny. Yeah. So like everything, everything, you can find everything funny. Like I, like, I still think like, like I put my dick and balls in a wine glass one time and I went up to behind Tom and I went A actual glass.


Wine glass. Yeah. A wine glass. Ooh, that's very dangerous. Yeah. And I went up to him behind his shoulder. Oh Yeah. And I Went cocktail and he turned around. I find that to be the funniest thing you could ever do. Yeah. I love it. I love it. I love, I used to do this thing where I would pull my nuts up over my wiener. Right. That's Not where I thought you were going With that. You're kind of laying on your back nuts up over your wiener, kinda wrap your wiener up so it almost looks like a half like a baby head coming outta your body. Right. And you'd be like, I'm having a baby, or whatever, you know? Yeah. And, and then people would be like, what the fuck are you doing? You know, to fucking kind of run off and hide or whatever. People would be like, Wait, what the fuck are you doing? We're in the library.


What the fuck? Oh dude. There was nothing more crazy than being at the fucking library when you were a kid. It was basically just like, it was like a couple thousand square feet of you hiding from a lady who's like obsessed with full tear or whatever. And you and your friends were just in there being loud. There was like one other person in a wheelchair in there. It like, never made any fucking sense. They're just in there like in the, they're just like wandering the hall of the old internet or whatever. Like the, They wanted to teach us the Dewey decimal system so bad when we were kids. The library was always ridiculous. I felt like, what was I gonna ask you about? Oh, so yeah, the, yeah. I wonder if people would watch the steroid Olympics or if it would be too much for people.


Why not? It's Because you're gonna get people that are gonna be risky. No, but why even have the regular Olympics? Well, regular Olympics are regular, you know, everybody, the playing field is even Playing field's, even when you can use drugs. Yeah. Right. I mean, I mean why, honestly, like if you're like, okay, what are you gonna watch? I wanna watch high jump. A guy can high jump seven feet and you're like, that's cool. And they're like, there's a dude who need 10 feet. You're like, what do you mean? Like over a basketball hoop? Like, yeah, 10 feet. It's like fucking crazy. And they light it on fire and you're like, oh, what put that one on. It's like, I mean it's just like, like supply and demand. What do you wanna watch? You know, a guy sprint, like sprinting's pretty cool, right?


The sprinters are pretty cool. Noah Lyle, Tyreek Hill, I wanna watch that head to head. But what if they bring in a guy that's like, oh, he fucking smokes those guys. And you get to see a real blur of a human, just like a cheetah. And you're like, whoa. I mean, physical capabilities, when you see people, it's like the natural bodybuilding versus ster. Why, why would you ever put the two together? Right. I wanna see the big ones, But, but what I just worry about their ramification. Like if somebody's, but I guess if they want do it, but you, you're gonna blow your, your body out. How Great, how great was baseball when Mark McGuire Sammy me? So were, how great was baseball to, good Point. It Was so fucking great. And then they ruined it by taking steroids away. And these guys weren't, I mean, look, I don't know what they were doing.


I don't know. They were doing steroids. Yeah. But that, but I think it was all for recovery. I mean, it wasn't, wasn't like, they were like, I don't think they were doing deck. I think they were doing TRT if I'm not mistaken. I don't remember. I don't really know. But they were pretty jacked. They were on something. Their heads were growing. That's the thing. It's like, if you got my Head's Growing, your head Is, I have a size eight head and now my head eight size eight hats are kind 'cause of the TRT, I Guess. I don't know. Well that's the thing, dude, it's like if you start getting on the drugs then like you're gonna have a lot of forehead monsters out there just wandering around, you know, just fucking, I just wonder what type of intention is jumping into the stands and fucking punching their wife or something. Yes. Yes. Like you're gonna have shit. Like just, this shit's gonna get pretty intense. Somebody throw the javelin out in the fucking parking lot or whatever they, You know, And hit That guy that works in the booth.


Steroids. HCH Human. Okay, that's real one. Oh's a real one. Growth hormone. Ramona is a crazy one. That's a crazy one. You show up and their hands are bigger and shit and they're fucking, they can catch a fish. They can just easily catch a fish and shit. They don't even, yeah. Before and after. Pictures of Barry Bonds is fucking insane. Oh yeah, brother. When Look at him. Look at him. Yeah. It's like you're not even, it's like, but your skeleton and stuff grows. That's the thing, dude. Or what if been they had, they had like the fasting games, it's like people that haven't eaten in months or whatever and they have to play, they have to do the Olympics and it's just like the, it's like going up two stairs or whatever. I pitched It for UFC or Getting out of a blanket fully, but you haven't eaten in like months and you're just so, you have no energy.


I like That. I want, I want I challenge More about ASMR type of game. I challenged is is Israel Aja to have as a joke, but just was like, I would love to fight him, but we both gotta drink 12 beers first. Mm. And Izzy was like, Izzy, I talked to Izzy about it and he was like, I'm not gonna lie, it'll be an interesting fight. 'cause he is like, I'm not a big drinker so I'd be fucking wasted. And I was like, I'm 12 beers doesn't do anything to me. Like, what if you put Shane Gillis and, and like, and like, and Izzy's a perfect example because he doesn't drink, but Shane, Shane Gil's gonna drink 12 beers and not feel a thing. Yeah. Like, Oh. I think it'd be, I think Izzy would beat the ever living shit out of both of you guys, to be honest.


First of all. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Fuck. He's fucking great at it because it's really just taking both of you guys the same, which your current levels giving you each 12 beers. Yeah. And just giving us 12 beers. Just we haven't increased our, our, our level at all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're trying to diminish his, but even after 12 beers, he still is a professional fucking fighter. Yeah. So that's a part that would be risque. I think He came to my, my New Zealand show and he and I had said it a a couple times on Two Bears, and I, I wanted to do it. And he came up and they're like, I get a text. They're like, yo, Izzy wants to come to your show. And I was like, okay. But I've, I've said some joking wild shit. Like I said it about everyone. I do it to everyone I did to Connor. I did. I just like, guys I know have sense of humor.


The Cage Fighters, I love those guys. Michael Chandler, all those guys. Michael Bisping. They're funny fucking Oh yeah. Most of those guys are, Most of them. There's a couple that aren't, but I just don't think they get comedy. But I don't, that I don't mention those guys. Sugar Sean. Fucking great dude. Yeah, he is fucking awesome. He has a best sense of humor. Dude. Connor, hysterical. Nate Diaz, fucking love Nate, Nick. All of them. But I was like, I don't know if Izzy's got a sense of humor. Like, I don't. And then everyone's like, he does. He does. He does. And they're like, I get a text. You wanna come to my you? Can I come to your show? I was like, yeah, of course. DM or something. So I get him tickets and he comes back and he's with like all his buddies and comes over and he is like, ah, the machine. And he grabs me and he holds me by the neck real tight.


And he real quick brings his knee to my stomach. He goes, you still wanna fucking fight me? And I went, no. And he goes, ah, just kidding around. I was like, oh my God, I would've been fucking destroyed. Damn. This man is so fucking strong and so quick and just bigger. Yeah. I think they'll just gift wrap you. Like they work at the mall at that place where you get that nice wrapping or whatever. He'll fucking tie you up with his feet. That'd be crazy if he gift wrapped you with his own feet. Dude, you, you guys have a 5K coming up? I saw. Oh Yeah. Two Bears. 5K. You gonna run, run, Run. I'm not gonna run this year. Why not? I just can't do it. Why? I just don't think I could do it. Yeah, you could. I don't know. Theo And Jelly rolls on it though, dude.


I saw Jelly Roll. Is Tom one Ozempic, do you think? Is Tom one ozempic? Hell no. Huh? No, I think he just works out really hard. Oh, he looks so thin here. No. Yeah. No, that's not him. Those are different bodies. But he is very thin. He is right now he is like 186 pounds. Oh my God. Yeah. He's really thin. Yeah. He works out. He works out really hard. He does. And he watches everything he eats. Wow. So he's really locked in on that. Yeah, he is really locked in. I saw Jelly Roll two nights ago. The healthiest. I've seen him look. Oh, jelly is down 130 pounds and he looks fucking great. And, and the thing about this is, you know, we just did this as a lark. They Look happy. You look immensely fucking scared of getting some results back.


Yeah. I don't know why they picked that picture for me. But anyway, we did this as a lark on Two Bears. Me and Tom said, well just do a 5K because I've always run. I ran the LA Marathon, I've run half marathons, tough Mudders, Spartan races. I've done all of them. I've, I I enjoy the event. The event for me is fun. 5K is so digestible. I just ran Travis Barker's in New Orleans over the Super Bowl and, and I said, you know, Tom, let's do a 5K. And I've always had stupid ideas, like big tent pole, stupid ideas that never pan out. And Tom's like, yeah, let's do it. We called a bunch of celebrities on our, our, you know, comics, just friends on the show. Everyone committed, barely any of them showed up. But Jelly Roll hold it. Heard it.


And he went on Milk Boys podcast and he was like, I think I need to get in shape. And by the way, type in Jelly Roll on busting with the Bears. You forget how big he was. And so he said, I'm gonna commit to Bert and Tom's two Bears 5K and I'm doing my first 5K. And he started training and I get FaceTimes from him. He is like, I hate this. It, it just get any better. I was like, it doesn't, it, it takes a while before it starts getting better. And he did, came out like, like go to his word. Came out to la did the 5K with me. My, I wore a 50 pound weight vest. Look at how big he was. Wow. Forget, Forget he's Big. Right? Forget how big he was. He looks so, man, I saw him the other night. I literally grabbed his face and I was like, oh my God.


God, he Looks great, dude. Look at at, by the way, look at fucking Taylor. Look how big Taylor looks. Taylor's so lean now, dude. Somebody said he's modeling or something. I was like, what? Fuck. It's crazy, Crazy that his wife married that. And then now she gets that. She gets like a really skinny, good looking dude who looks like he listens to Blink 180 2. All the small, small things. Yeah. Look at him. Totally. He said he got all the small things tattooed right above his cock too. That's what I heard. So Jelly. So Jelly came out to Jelly, came out for the two Bears, 5K last year and we did it. And I wore 50 pound Weight Fest. He did it last year. He did it last year. Okay. He did it last year. He lost like 70 pounds. People Magazine did a big writeup on him. He really kind of eventize the event.


'cause I think Jelly was just starting to really, really pop. And everyone's like, good for him. And then people were like, I can do that. Fuck. Like Kid Rock called him in the middle of the race. Like, dude, I'm proud of you. And we walked it, me wi his wife Bunny and my wife Leanne and him. We walked the whole thing. And then as we crossed, Oh, That's awesome. As we crossed the line, oh, That Looks great. He was crying. Aw. Bunny was crying. Leanne was crying. You know, I was crying and jelly's, like you might've Bunny said to me, you might've saved his life. Mm. From whatever the stupid idea was. And so from that moment, he's like, yo, we're doing this again this year. So we're doing it in Tampa, May 4th at Raymond James Stadium. And I mean, I'm telling you right now, it's gonna be such a big fucking event.


Like it is. Y'all are doing it at Raymond James Stadium. We're doing it in the stadium. And then we're partying on the field after we've got fucking polar plunges saunas. We've got a rope climb, we've got, And people are just, people are coming out and doing it with y'all. People Are doing the 5K. I'm gonna do it. I think I'm doing it three times. So I'm gonna run the first heat. I'm gonna run the second heat, and then I'm gonna run the third heat with Jelly and Bunny and Leanne. And how far is it? Seven miles? No, It's five, three miles. It's so doable. Oh it is. You Could do it now. Oh, I could do it. Yeah. No, I could do it. Right. Well, here's what happened to me. I broke my toe like probably three weeks ago, so I'm dealing with that right now. Which show? Big toe second from the right. The one next to the little piggy or whatever. And Wait what foot? Right foot Second From the right.


The little next to the little piggy. Yeah. I broke it, dude. And so it's been miserable. So I haven't been able to, there's so many things I haven't been able to do. What do you Do for working out? I do a lot of yoga right now. And then I'll just do like circuit training, but like, find like four exercises, do four reps of them, you know, and do that four times. And then I'll do like three blocks of those. Yeah. But this past three weeks has been miserable. It's been like, it sucks When you break a toe. Dude. It's unbelievable. I was like, you gotta be kidding me. You can't hardly do anything. I can't even push off into a good hug with anybody. People are like, you can't even fucking hug or whatever. You pussy or whatever. You hug pussy. I dropped a whiskey bottle on my three toe, my big toe. The toe next to it and the toe next to that. And I shattered them.


Oh. And I was like, what do I do? And they're like, nothing. Yeah. And I just Had Hadda wait and wait. It was my big toe. I was barefoot for three months. Oh, it was, it was. So it was, it happened December. It happened. Jan Janu January 1st. January 1st. So it's been a month. And now they're fine. They're fine already. Yeah. Testosterone, testosterone. Testosterone. Testosterone helps, huh? Oh, So reparative fucking Am I doing? What are you doing? I'm just afraid I'll lose my hair. You're Not gonna lose your hair. You can always give so much fucking hair. Can I have some? No. I would love some of your hair, But here's what happens. People say you're not gonna lose your hair and then you fucking Well, I, I tried TRT one time a few years ago and I lost some of my fucking hair. No. Yeah. Motherfucker. I did. God dammit. Is that Wait, where can I see the new hair?


Huh? Is that new hair? You can't really see it. They just kind of put it in there. And I think my hair that I lost 'cause of stress actually grew back. I think I just had so much stress. You Look like you have a ton of hair right now that I was shedding. And what's crazy is that your top hair goes gray before your side hairs. So then it'll be perfectly peppered. Hmm. Somebody see me. You had also my favorite musician right now, one of, anyway, Steven Wilson Jr. Was on your podcast. How Great is he? Every bones and tethered. You want to change My name? Gotta Drain my blood.


Everything. I'm everything he wants. He's the best dude. He Is really great. I'm a song. I'm a Song. I know you love that one. I've listened to that one a couple times. It's not my favorite. You serious? I I've listened to it. 'cause I know you like it. Yeah, I've listened to it. It's just, and and I know how much you love it. Oh, I love it, dude, because it's, it's so beautiful that it, I remember the song I lost my virginity to, I remember the song. I got my first car to, I remember the song that Leanne and I fell in love to. I remember the songs for me. Like I get very emotional listening to music. I, I mean, every one of these episodes I'm like, yo, don't put the camera on me. I'm crying. And did you hear what happened when I did it with him? He goes to start playing and he starts playing on a song. And I went and he goes and he Had Hadda stop.


He goes, Burke, can you please not cry like that? Like, I cried out loud. But man, music for me is so emotional. Yeah. Red Clay Strays came over to my house and played. Oh yeah. So good. And I was like, I was like, shut the fuck up, dude. Goose is one of my favorite bands in the world. You know, goose, You gotta listen to them. No, my best friend Scott loves them, but I haven't listened to 'em that much. I've had, I've had very, very, I've been very blessed with the opportunities of having these, this, this band is so fucking great. But I've been very blessed to have all these guys come and girls come over and play music for me. Yeah. 'cause I just, I love music. And I think sometimes it's like I'm good at a podcast. Like if I, if I'm talking to you because I, because I don't know, but sometimes with like younger comics, I'm not the best.


'cause I don't like, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not great, you know? But with musicians, I'm so much, I'm so fascinated by their process and who they are and I don't know anything about them. And, and you get to kind of deep dive 'em and then, and then and, and you've had some great fucking musicians on. I mean, I saw Billy Strings live the other night. Oh yeah. He, So Billy Strings, He took me fishing one day too. He's such a special guy. For real. Yeah. He's just the most, he's so normal. He's so, he's so not a cel or, you know, he's just a normal guy. Do you think you're not a celebrity? I think I don't like the celebrity part of it. I don't see a lot of value in it. I I, but like, you get a lot of access to cool Shit.


It's a mirage. Yeah. Like, that's the only thing I see that you like about celebrity is, and I wouldn't say that you like it, but I, I noticed that you, you travel and go see the events. You want to see, like, you get to go do everything. Like I look at yours, I'm like, you're at UFC, you're at fucking Jelly Roll Show. You're at Kid Rock Show. You're at, you're like at the fucking, the Republican National Command or whatever the thing, the inauguration. Like, I look at that and I go, that only comes with celebrity. Yeah. You don't get that if you're just talented. You gotta be famous and talented. And So I think I see you leveraging that in the best way. So you're filling your interests. I think I saw you with Caitlyn Clark.


Oh Yeah. And I was like, that only comes with celebrity. And so, well I'm a fan of hers. I'm a I'm friends with her boyfriend. Really? Connor? Yeah. Connor Clark. No, Connor. It'd be crazy. That'd be illegal. It sounds like Connor McCaffrey. But wait, hold on. Is she dating Christian McCaffrey's brother? No, I don't think they're related. That's crazy. But crazy. We went up to watch Caleb, me and Caleb. And then that's how we met Connor. You, you interviewed Jesse Murphy. Jesse Murphy. Jesse Murphy. Yeah. She's the best. That's the little girl that sings cigarette card out with Jelly Roll. Oh. Wild Ones. Wild Ones. Wild Ones. I got Ride Wild Open, go 45 on Amendment about 102.


Always smoking, getting something, gotta worry about nothing and Ain't got nothing to lose another, Hey, I, I texted, I DMed her one time. I was like, I like, I, I was like, I was like, I should not love this song as much as I love it. Yeah. What did you think of the Super Bowl halftime show? The Super Bowl halftime show? I thought I tweeted about it, that I thought it was boring. Right. And I, I only know, like, I'm not a big Kendrick listener. Right. Okay. Because, and then a couple days ago I ended up taking down my tweet actually. Just, I just felt like, well I guess I felt like, why am I judging this?


I don't fucking know. You know what I'm saying? I think sometimes you forget that like, people are gonna make a big, could, could make a big deal out if you tweet something that you can't just say like, fucking whatever you want without some people having like, reactions to it. Maybe. Well, Dude, I, I mean, I think, I think it, I I'm sure you've had gotten negative feedback in your life and you just go, well that wasn't my intent. And then if you ever talk to that person, they're like, oh, I didn't know you were gonna see it. And you're like, like if Kendrick might be a big fan of yours and he sees it and then he is like, oh, fuck the other. I know. That sucks. Right? Yeah. Right. I thought about that. But then I also, I, I, no, I just thought about like, why am I, I think like two days later I was like, why am I ju why am I judging this guy? And then people are gonna judge me. Like, what kind of energy am I really creating? I don't think that's what I thought when I was tweeting and I was just like, oh, this is fucking, you know, I just, it was, it didn't feel like it was for me.


I don't know. I didn't know enough of his songs. Yeah. I think that was the, I mean there's, I think there was a bunch of issues. I think number one is his catalog, his catalog's very big in the culture, in in White culture. I don't think there's enough crossover. He's only had like two crossover songs. I think he played both of them. But like, I'll tell you, being there, I was sitting next to Jamis Winston when it happened, and man, we loved it. We, it was really fun in the stadium. Yeah. I maybe on tv it didn't translate, but it was really fun in the stadium, the interesting person's take was Kid Rock's take, did you hear this? He was like, 'cause you know, kid Rock's, you know, I remember he shot those Pepsis up when the, that fellow was drinking them gay Pepsi or whatever. He's, He's got Remember talking about Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Bud Light. Oh, bud Light. Bud Light. I'm sorry. But, but he, but his take was, he did this for the culture. Like Kid Rock's take was pretty insightful because Kid Rock grew up loving it in hip hop. In hip hop. And so his, his take was really kind of insightful. He is like, yeah, he did this for the culture. He did this as representation of like, everyone on stage is black. It was all about like inside what, what they listened to. I mean, Kendrick's a fucking legend dude. Yeah. That here are my take. Okay. It's fucking New Orleans. Like, kind of like, why not celebrate Boozy Wayne, master P Like why not the way they did la?


Right. And it doesn't have to be black, you know, I mean, I'm sure there's Harry Connick Jr. Sang at the beginning. There's a lot of talent that isn't. But I mean, new Orleans is like a black music town. Jazz, hip hop. I put juvie. Oh, it would've been sick. But then somebody, I thought that too, somebody brought to my attention. But most of the people in New Orleans aren't at the game. Probably. It's a lot of people from out of town. So then it's like, yeah, it's interesting. Do you celebrate the city? What is the real goal of whoever they put out there? Or why they put certain pe like stars. But then also I thought then I thought, well also a lot of the athletes are black. They may all, Kendrick might be one of their favorites.


Just 'cause I don't have, I haven't listened to a lot of Kenrick except for the mainstream stuff. Doesn't mean I don't, you know, that I wouldn't like it. I don't know, I guess I probably wanted something more that a basic white guy would want you. Bruno Mars, you know, jelly Roll Bruno Mars. Bruno Mars is, there's no one, there's no performer better than Bruno Mars. His shows top to goddamn Bottom are the most entertaining shows with so many songs You recognize. Yeah, it is. That guy is so talented. Justin Timberlake take I'm, where's my Money? New kids on the block, bring them back. I would be a cool Super Bowl show. Maybe if they'd have done like, some music over the years. But I think sometimes you've just, you don't, you forget that just because you do, like, if, if it wasn't me tweeting, nobody would've probably shared it or given a fuck.


Yeah. And I don't mean that in a way, like an ego way. Like, but you sometimes you're just tweeting shit. Just thinking like, this is what I think nobody's gonna care. I, I said, I said out loud, it should have been Lil Wayne and Juvie and everyone. And then we were at, we were at doing, I did a show at the Super Bowl with Nicky Tony and, and Shane and dude. And I didn't even, I didn't even see my critique come back at me, but someone goes, why didn't you have Theo and Mark here? And I was like, huh. And they're like, dude, this is their hometown. They should have performed here. And I went, oh fuck. I was like, I didn't even think, I didn't even, but You guys asked me to come do it. I Think we did. Yeah. Oh yeah. Actually we did. I just Couldn't. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah, we Did. Oh yeah. I couldn't go home for the Super Bowl 'cause I was Had Hadda do that movie. God Dammit. That's right. I did Actually, I wanted to be there. I Went Ask Mormon too.


Fuck That guy. Yeah, Fuck That guy. You know? I mean, it's always something that's gonna make you feel some type of way, I guess. And then it's like, I don't know. I mean, but then I was like, why do I fucking care? Like, and who needs to hear my opinion? So you think like that, Okay, you're okay. I'm gonna interrupt you. 'cause here's what I'd love to know. Did you get any pushback when you went to the Republican National or the Republican inauguration? Yeah. For real. Yeah. I did get pushback about it, which I didn't really understand. Like, I would go, if anybody invited me to go to the inauguration, dude. Yeah. Like people on the street where I grew up there. Not nobody's ever going to the inauguration. Nobody from my fucking street. My neighborhood is ever going to the inauguration, probably ever.


No, they're not. Some of these people cannot legally vote anymore. So the simple fact that I got to go right, Bobby Kennedy is a friend of mine. Bobby Kennedy's a sweet dude. People Are like, you're not, I'm gonna support my fucking friend. I don't care if they're, if I have a friend that went to jail, I, for even something serious, I would still go and, you know, maybe speak on their behalf sometimes or take them bread or whatever, you know, like I'm gonna be supportive. So yeah, some of that shit. But I would never hold it against somebody if they went to an inauguration. So then I gotta start thinking, well, that's just odd of that person. Some of that's on them, you know, like, I've even had friends that I've texted and they'll be like, oh, it's didn't know you were so maga or whatever.


And it was like, I, I've never ever in my life thought of myself as Maga. You know, I've never, I've never Thought of you as, I've never thought of you as political. I've thought of you as just a person interested in living life. Like that's, I mean, that's my perspective. Like, I didn't, I honestly, I I, when you went to the inauguration, I was like, oh, that's fucking dope. That's fucking crazy. Like, I would go in a har I'd go in a fucking heartbeat. I went to, I went to George Bush's when I was a kid. I went to George Bush's State of the Union. I went to Bill Clinton, state of the Union and George Bush's state of the Union. No one ever called me on it. Like I was, I was 18, 20, whatever, 16, 18, whatever the fuck it is. Yeah. I went to both, I went to the, in state of the Union. Like every time we got a president, my uncle could get me in. Wow. And I, and I just think it's a crazy, wild thing to see democracy working.


And, and like, I I, if I got invited to an inauguration or a, I mean, I got invited to the Republican National Convention, but it was as an influencer. And I was like, I'm Not gonna, yeah. I wouldn't, I think I got invited as that too. I, I wouldn't go to, I wouldn't do something like that. I'm not gonna go Like, go like, I'm gonna get you fans. Right. But like, if you invite me and I don't have to do shit and I can hang out, I fucking go. I thought it was cool shit. Yeah. I wouldn't go to support like one party. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, if somebody, like I got asked to do some Republican stuff like that, I wouldn't go do that. You know, and we just got lucky with, that's who would come on our podcast was Vance and Trump. Everybody got asked. Everybody was in, everybody was emailing with us, but they didn't wanna come.


Like, there's nothing I can do about that. And then you expect that I'm not gonna go kind of be supportive of the fact that they even came and sh they came. Yeah. Fuck. At least they fucking gave a fuck to come. Do you, I think Trump, like what they're doing with Gaza and him coming in and speaking on that is one of the most fucked up things I've ever heard of in my life. Kind of, you know. Yeah. You Lost me. I, that's how little I know about politics. But


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well, with the name your price tool from Progressive. You can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law. Not, not available in all states.


So it's like I, yeah, I don't know. That shit was kind of crazy to me. But then you gotta realize like all you could, like I just have to just be myself man. And I don't even know who that is sometimes. And so I'm still learning about who that is. You know? Well, you should what? I mean, this is why I'm saying this to hear it, right? Yeah. I'm saying this to hear it, but what you have to realize is the people that love you, love you. And then fuck everyone else. That's the truth is, I'm trying to get to that. The people that love you, love you and fuck everyone else. 'cause you can't fucking help someone that doesn't like you. That person that sends that text has been waiting to send that text for sure. In one manner or another. They're bothered by everything good happening in your life. It's a reflection of their shortcomings.


And they're like, didn't know you were so maga and you're like, go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself. Yeah. If you ever think you could, I would never let anybody even put a pin in me. That's describe me as one part of one group. Anyway. I I I will never be part of one group. Mm. I wouldn't even do that to myself. This is who I am. I'm vegan. They don't even have the fucking group that I am. You know, and they Buddy they do not have the group you are. And I think they don't have a group, the group that a lot of us are, they don't have my group or more complex and just being like, you're this or that. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Who if they said we Had Hadda fucking 30 k struggling alcoholic guy who's in therapy with his wife. You know what I'm saying? Who loves a fucking good brisket and Johnson brought, you know what I'm saying?


And cares about his kids a ton. Where, where's that group? My group doesn't exist. My group, I love when they wanna put me in my group and go, Hey man, you have a problem with your drinking? And I go, I'm doing pretty good I's a good point. That is a good point, dude. Anybody that says you have a problem, you're doing pretty good. There's always guys in the system or whatever it's called and they're like, Hey man, you know, you have a drinking problem. I go, okay. I Had Hadda guy tell me, I won't say his name, but I'll tell you after. He goes, just 'cause you think you make a ton of money and you're on an arena tour and you have three successful podcasts and you're happily married and your kids are good, you think that that didn't mean you have a problem? I went, no, I think that's exactly what that means. I think that means that like, I got fucking feelers around me and if something goes sideways, they tell me.


But like right now, we're doing pretty solid. So like, I go, I, I said it on a podcast a long time ago and I got a lot of heat from people in the system. And they were, like I said, I said, sometimes I think the problem's, the person, and it's not the booze or the alcohol, it's gonna show its head up in another place. You get rid of the booze and it shows itself up and gambling or jerking off or sex addiction. It's like you gotta take care of the problem. And if you don't have the problem, like if you don't have the problem, then maybe the, maybe the, maybe you should look at that. Like go like, hey, like my wife was a big drinker in high college and quit drinking, thinking she was an alcoholic. And then realized, oh no, my parents were split up. I Had Hadda shitty childhood. I need to get in therapy and fix all the things that when I drink tho bring those to the top.


Mm. She did it. My wife never drinks. She will drink every now and then. Doesn't even give a fuck. And I was was like, oh, wow. I wanna be like that. I wanna be like that. Where you go like, yeah, I can have a drink. Sure. Like last night Had Hadda couple drinks and then I was like, oh, I want to, I don't wanna be too bloated when I see Theo tomorrow. So I was like, I'm gonna go to sleep. Watch the documentary on hey, do you think in Japanese Netflix? How do you think they, they title the World War II movies? Do you think they're like World War ii? We were also in it. Mm. Because like, I was watching this, like, They get left out of all of it. It's Like World War ii, road to Victory is the one we get. What do you think the Ja because they have Japanese Netflix, right? Huh? Almost good.


Almost Good. So close. Yeah. Huh? World War ii. I watched, I watched, I watched Inglorious Bastard with a German guy. Oh yeah. That's uncomfortable. Oh, with a German? Yeah. It's like watching DJ Django and chained with a bunch of black guys. Yeah. Yeah. That's not really a post game movie. Oh. He's like, well there's really bad guys, man. Yeah. Damn. Them guys was bad homie. None of them look like my grandfathers. I know, huh. Damn bro. Shit. Got real. What else do we want to talk about? Okay, is there anything else? You got your special coming out special Comes out March 18th. March 18th. Yes. And I think it's, I think it's my best one.


Lucky. Lucky because I'm luckiest man alive, You know? Yeah. I might be right about you Buddy. I am. Think about if I pitched me to you, I wouldn't believe it. Right. 25 years old in college. Been in college seven years roughly. Yeah. Rolling Stone. No, no degree. No chances of graduating. No hopes of graduating. No. No real direction in life. Rolling Stone Magazine discovers me and calls me the number one party in, in the country And a Buccaneers fan at that time. And A Bucks fan back when the Bucks in the Saints sucked. You Had Hadda test of Verde jersey, dude, back when you were just waiting for the 49 ERs coming down and beat your ass from Florida. From Florida before anyone knew what a Florida man was. Those were all my uncles and my fucking brothers.


All, all my people in my life, all around Florida, man. Rolling Stone discovered magazines discovered me called the number one party in the country. Oliver Stone Options, the rights of my life. I moved to New York within six months, I get a development deal from Will Smith. That's weird now. But I moved to la I get my first TV show on the X Show. I then get another de development deal at CBS. I meet the love of my life. I keep working on tv. I get fired from, I get on Travel Cha. I mean, all the things that have happened to me are so goddamn lucky that I look at it and I go, I don't deserve to be where I am. I I have the greatest group of friends. Meaning like my friends, you and and you included are the funniest, most thoughtful people in the world.


The, the funniest people in the world. But yet people who will take time outta their schedule to go see my wife's live podcast when they don't need to. Like that's my friends, right? Tommy, you, Joe Ari, some of them drug me, but like Joey Diaz, you know, it happens. But like you look at your group of friends and your, and there's more than that. I got two great kids who are really fucking well-rounded for a dad who's leveraged their childhood to make money. Yeah. Yeah. And they're, but they're still well-rounded and they're happy and we love each other. And, and I'm healthy and I'm the strongest I've ever been. And, and I get to do what I love. And for work today to promote my special, I get to sit with you and just chat about. Yeah. I mean that's like, I'm the luckiest motherfucker.


But I also think, I really believe this, you have to identify your luck. I think I mentioned this in the special, you just have to start looking at things as half full and don't, like even the bad things go that needed to happen to me. Mm. That Had Hadda happen to me to get me to the place where I could see the luck come from it. You know? I mean, it's like, look at all the shit you've been through A and and and then I go thank God. Like, I think I was thinking of it today. I was, I was like, I hate that Theo Had Hadda go through, you know, drugs and alcohol because that's so not him. And that's never been who I know you knew you to be. I never even knew you Had Hadda party to be dead honest with you. Yeah. Me. I never saw it. Yeah. And I go, but you know, I'm so glad he did.


'cause he's so fucking grounded now. Like, he seems like in such a better place and he's got all these great stories about the time he got high on Coke and locked himself out of his apartment while he was making a smoothie. Oh yeah. Like those fucking wild stories where you're doing Coco Daryl Strawberry and fucking the Bronx. I mean, you have all these crazy adventures now. Yeah. But you're so like, like I go, you just gotta look at it and go, that sucked then. But that's, that's then this is now we're now we're lucky. I Yeah. Yeah. No, you gotta be here to tell 'em, Dude. I mean, I, I, I Lucky I went to Yeah, for sure. Lucky. I'm Lucky as fuck. And I think if I can put luck out there, like I'd say I bought like a hundred dollars worth of pennies. It's a lot of pennies.


More than you'd think. This is wild. And I just started throwing 'em around la just flipping 'em on the ground because every time you see a penny you're like, oh shit. Good luck. Yeah. I was like, oh, why not Just gift that to people, like just little. And then if I have a project like that, I start getting really into it and I'm like fucking, I'm walking around through parking lots, dropping 'em in front of everyone's car. So everyone gets good luck when they get in their car. It's Fucking copper. Johnny Appleseed out There. I'm the Copper Johnny Appleseed That Tim spreading luck. March 18th on Netflix. The special is dropping. You got the 5K in Tampa, you have your double down show. That's in Las Vegas. Yes. Oh, that weekend. I'm in Vegas. March 21st and 22nd over at the Resorts World Theater two shows. Wow.


Yeah. I'm proud of you, man. I'm proud of you, man. Thanks, bro. Like, I, we've been friends for a long time, but it's so good to see. It's So, I, man, you know, my girls and Leanne root for a root for a couple comics and, and you're in that short list. And so when good shit happens to you, same with Nikki. When Nikki Oh, I know when Nikki did the Golden Globes, they were in text thread when she crushed it. Like when like my But you're in that shortlist. You Shane, Nikki, Tony s club, my ki people in my family knows. Yeah. And it's, man, it's cool when you get a text from your kids, you're like, dope dad, did you see the fucking, what was the Theo what?


I forget what it was. They're like, have you seen the Best of Theo? And I was like, no. And then George sent it to me. She's like, dad, she's on a plane. She's like, dad, this fucking, he is. It's fucking hysterical. I was like, dude, fuck. Yeah. I remember watching Georgia watch Shane Gils for the first time and was like, are we allowed to laugh at this? Yeah. And I love that. I love that. I'm the luckiest motherfucker out there. Well, we're lucky to be in your presence, man. I feel that. And thanks for always being supportive and thanks for some of the nice things that you said today, dude. And yeah, I, yeah. I feel lucky. I was driving over here today. I was like, man, my job today, I get to talk to a friend of mine. Fuck. Fuck. That's, that's a blessing. It's a blessing.


Burt Chrysler, man, stay healthy and enjoy your, your year off of comedy, huh? Okay. I think I go, I'm, I'm thinking I'm gonna go back on tour maybe October. Okay. We'll see, we'll see. He'll be back on tour in a month probably. But that's okay. He keeps working hard. Love you, bro. Love you. When I reach that.