
Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot, crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton and time just stands still.


I have some tour dates to tell you about Victoria in the Canada. I'll be there. Winnipeg and Calgary as well in the Canada, Miami, Florida, Fort Wayne, Indiana, Chicago, Illinois, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Oxford, Mississippi, Belton, and College Station. Texas. Tickets at Theo Von dot com slash to Today's guest is a political commentator, an investigative reporter, and a podcaster. She's known for her conservative viewpoints, her many viral debates, and her own show, Candace, which you can find releasing every week. I'm grateful for her time.


Today's guest is Candace Owen. Anyway, is this mic on her? Okay. Are We good? Do I, do I sound good? Everyone sound looks perfect. Oh, great. I look perfect. Oh dang. Yeah, he just told me. Well, I'm not gonna tell you that. You're obviously a taken woman. Yeah. Are you hot or cold? Do you feel like No, I, I, I am. I only run runway 'cause I'm black, So I Do. But do I was gonna ask 'cause you're preg because you're pregnant.


Dare you. Article cold. But yeah, that's All. This is like a repeat conversation. Like, first off, there's the, the women, we always run cold. Oh yes, I've heard that. My friend Neil Brennan is a comedian. He has a bunch of jokes about that. Yeah. And then, and so I'm a woman and I'm black, So I naturally like the heat. Oh, so black women prefer to be warmer? Yeah, of course. No. Well we like, we like the heat, like our natural habitat is warm. Oh, that's a good point. Huh? I'm, yeah, my family's Caribbean. So like, the warmth feels great. So when I'm boiling hot, like the team, like my team of guys, they're always like, they always want the air on. So it's like freezing cold in here. And I have to tell them like, you know, some of you are Nordic, it doesn't work. Like, you know, you like, like I have a red hat on my team and I'm like, Skyler, like, you know, you're from the Nordic countries. That's why you feel this way.


I think that like where you're from dictates a lot of your life. Hmm. Or where your family would originally be from. Yeah. I didn't, sometimes I don't think about that. It would be great if you're AC or whatever had like a Caribbean setting or whatever. Yeah. And you get a set that and suddenly like some great music came out. It just perfect. Perfect. And then some guy trying to get you to gamble off shore, suddenly you're like, what temperature is this? That would be so crazy. Yeah. They should have. Yeah. Where are all the cool settings for the h for the hvac? I, I absolutely love the heat. So I cannot stand the winter. I can't stand the cold weather, the gray weather even. There's a difference if in this I think actually gets scientific. I didn't need the science of it, but it does get scientific.


But if you're from those countries, like if I'm in the uk, 'cause my husband's English, just the gray weather. Oh, I, I can't live like this Where Yeah, it's bunch, bunch of eos over there. Where Is the sun? Yeah. I, he this and my husband just is fine. He can be like productive, like super productive if it's like 12 days of gray and rain. He, he almost loves it. He just wants to retreat to his library. Oh yeah. Yeah. I think all British people are always just writing war letters and stuff. That's how I kind of always envision them. They're always just looking out the window and writing about the war to each other. That's what my husband does all day. Of Course. Yeah. And then even Paddington bear, their bear has a coat. He's not even like, our bears are naked. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not saying that that's the way to do it. But Yeah, if you bring up an American teddy bear real quick.


Let me see this topless bastard Bat Paddington bear is proper. Yeah. Now some of these are obviously some pretty right wing bears put up a, bring up a politically neutral teddy bear. No, but they are, they're always like not well dressed. We're not, we don't, we don't really wear a lot of clothes in America in general. And especially as you come down to the south, it just gets, 'cause then there's, there's England and there's New England. So I'm from Connecticut. So there's a lot of similarity. And then the more that you drift south, you're kind of in a different country. Oh that's, you know, that's a good point. I never even think about that. Oh yeah. Because you would, if you see some people cooking some of the stuff, I've seen 'em cook. You would call the police in some communities, you know, but in other communities you're just sharpening your silverware. So Yeah, I agree.


That's, that's interesting. But yeah, they should have definitely some better settings on the AC if they had Caribbean. Like you turn that bitch, set that bitch to plantains or whatever. Right. Yeah. Like I would love that. I, I like, I Would absolutely love It. You are pregnant now? I've been pregnant for four years actually. So I think now people are kind of saying to me still, or again when they see me, are you still pregnant or are you pregnant again? So I'm not sure which one, but this is my fourth kid. So, and I've, I've Had Hadda child every year. It's kind of crazy. This is like a lifestyle now for me. Pregnancy is a lifestyle. Yeah. Do you, are there good dreams when you're pregnant? Like that's one thing 'cause you're kind of dreaming for two, I feel like. Is it almost like being at the sphere or whatever?


That's what I would wonder. You get some really weird dreams when you're pregnant and also some very precise dreams that end up coming. True. Totally weird. I mean, I woke up and had such a crystal clear dream my last pregnancy. My EP was trying to get pregnant and, And EP means executive producer. Yeah. Okay. My former executive producer and I Had Hadda crystal, like her son visited me, like, and it was before she knew she was pregnant. And I said to her, you're having a little boy like you're pregnant. And she was like, I'm not pregnant. And then she went Back or somebody, somebody shot an episode of the ring in your womb maybe. Yeah. Just one or the other. That sounds wild. And then they got pregnant. She found out she was pregnant and then she went back. 'cause I texted her and it was the like the day of conception.


And my sisters did the same exact thing to me when they were pregnant. So there's some weird pregnancy dreams that happen. I go with them. Like if I remember a vivid pregnancy dream, I'm like, that's happening. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh, that's cool. Yeah. 'cause you would think that the spirit would be able to come visit you before it showed up. Right. Because this is just kind of the physical inclination of a spirit. Right. Being alive on earth. And so it would make sense that the spirit got to come and kinda loiter a little bit or visit friends that, or visit like friends of whoever it was gonna occupy. You know, If I think about dreams too hard, it freaks me out. Like deja vu. Oh, It just scares me. Genuinely. I'm, I'm going what's real, what's not is this inception.


Yes. Because you are so certain in a moment of deja vu that you've been there, you've seen that person, you've met that person, and yet you haven't in your waking world. Yeah. World. So us not having, like, just humans not having an answer to deja vu is one of those lingering things that in the back of my mind, if I think too much about it, I'm, I just get freaked out. Yeah. I Had Hadda a guest on recently, this guy Ari Shafi, and we had the strongest mode of deja vu I'd ever had. And I almost was grabbed him and I was like, you've you've been here. Yeah. And were you like, yeah, maybe sometimes like an en like an enemy or a friend or you just know someone Well it was like, I knew you. I was like, we've done this before. And I, I almost felt like he knew it and he was like, like this bastard is this dude.


I was like, tell me why you came before. That's what I, I know you from another life. Yeah. What was our beef Like, dude? Yeah. What ha tell me what you're fucking doing here. Tell me who you're working for. Yeah. Did you, you, so you have three children that are outta your body right now? Is that what you're saying? Out of my body? Yeah. Three. Three. We did three under three. My eldest just turned four. And so yeah, we're on another, we are on another planet right now in my house. Like the toddlers are running things. They're running things. They are. And I'm scared of them. Yeah. And I feel comfortable saying that here. I wouldn't tell them that I, I act tough. No, you gotta, yeah. I think you go away from the house of Screaming. We don't let them know we're outnumbered. You know? 'cause they're just kind of learning to count. But we are fully outnumbered. You only Teach 'em to counts at two Before they start making sense and having a little toddler meetings of like, Hey listen up.


There's more of us than there are of them. I watched way too much Rugrats growing up, so Oh yeah. I forgot. I didn't see, it's interesting that you would see Rugrats as like a, like a psyop idea of people like babies kind of like coagulating and forming like a lord of the flies. And Tommy Had Hadda screwdriver at all times. Good point. He, he was a moral person. But he Had Hadda screwdriver at all times in his, yeah, there's two Of of them. Oh, that diaper was thick too. And I'll say this, this is a little girl on the right, she looks like, and this guy is also a very handsome guy in this photo. She looks like Anthony Smith, who is a one of the greatest UFC fighters. Bring up a photo of Anthony Smith as well on a separate eye.


Separate, and I shouldn't say that 'cause she's gonna get upset. Yeah. And she's not the one to upset. So you just be, you just be very careful here before she Anthony Smith suit. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Nevermind. Oh, you have a beautiful family. Are you able to take a vacation? Were you able to take any vacations recently Or anything? Yeah, we went, just got back. I'm saying just got back, but that's how it feels like time is flying. But we spent all of December overseas, so we spent a lot of time in England because we just wanna spend time with my husband's family. And then we popped over to Switzerland for a ski trip, which was awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So, and I Had Hadda, lot of these thoughts, like when we were walking through Zuma and I love Switzerland. It's a beautiful country. But you know, you get the tour and you're way up in the mountains and they figured out how to just live in the mountains.


And you get these moments where you're just like, you know, there were no black people here when this was built. 'cause there's No way we would even, like, it's so cold that we would be like, let's see if we can get a sleigh up here and try to build roads. Like it's just, and it's amazing, like Zermatt, like you look at that, it's, it's the most beautiful town. And they figured out how to make everything happen on tiny little roads and with taxis going up and in between. Wow. Yeah. That's Zurich. That is Zermatt. Zermatt. Yeah. Have you been to Switzerland? I haven't, but you always hear about the Swiss Alps. Is this it? It's Beautiful. Wow. Yeah, they, Switzerland is truly a beautiful, beautiful country. And I love the mountains. I will say that I'm a mountain girl. I, I do not love, I actually kind of hate beaches really? I have an issue with sand. I have beef with sand.


Hmm. Yeah. It just gets everywhere. I don't know. It's drying and it gets everywhere and I just don't like it. Yeah. I wonder how I feel about it. Speaking of those villages, actually. Yeah. I never, I haven't been there, but my friend, when I was a kid, he won his family football pool or whatever for the NCAA football. Like per, like, whenever they have the bowl games and his mom tr like coerced him into buying a Switzerland village or whatever that they could put on their table at home. So he, he came into some money. He came in, it was almost like, I think it was like 1100, he came into some money. And so then dude like two weeks later we're like, dude, what are you gonna do with the money? And he Had Hadda fricking Christmas village at his house. Like, like A dollhouse Or just like, you know those villages people get Yeah.


And it's like Switzerland and his was Switzerland, but it was, but he was furious about it. And anyway, I don't know why I told you that story, but, but that sounds like a beautiful trip. I would like to go to Switzerland. I've spent a little bit of time in France and then I was in London recently and actually really enjoyed it. Yeah. I hadn't enjoyed it as much before, but I think this time I noticed that the people over there, they seem to have like, or at least the women, some of the women over there are more, or maybe this is, I don't wanna say women, but there's more going on than just like likes on social media. There are, people seem to have a bit more to them as individuals, but that could just be the people I was talking to. Yeah. I absolutely love London. It's like a second home and there is a totally different culture.


And if you're one of those people that I like to be uncomfortable, So I like to go somewhere where I know absolutely nothing and be uncomfortable and learn. And you, a lot of people don't like that they instantly become judgmental and kind of resort to stereotypes of whoa. Well the, you know, the English and the king and the queen and whatever it is that's kind of programmed into you. I am like the exact opposite person. Like I absolutely love their culture. I love that there's so many rules. Like there's no reason for rules, but they have rules and you know what I mean? I love that they wear hats still to weddings. Like fascinators rather, which I learned. I learned that they're called fascinators, not hats. A fascinators a hat. Yes. It's Called the fa like the ones you wear to the wedding. Those are called fascinators, not hats. And there is a difference. Bring it up. Yeah. A fascinator.


Yeah. And he's not, I wanna see, I wanna see him spell it too. 'cause that's even, He sounds like a gay superhero kind of. That's how I feel it. Oh shit. And it's just a dude that shows up and it's like, he doesn't have any specific powers like any of the other superheroes. He's just like, more like exciting. He is like, oh shit, there's fascinating. Randy or whatever. Dude, all I gave Is that's the fascinator. Oh, that's what They're wearing. So's a female hat. Yeah. And so you wear, they still wear hats to weddings and I love it. So when I go to weddings now I wear hats. Well I, I call 'em hats just for Americans to understand, but fascinators and to shop for fascinators is really fun. Hmm. It's actually like, I feel like this, you would be hilarious shopping for a fascinator, you know?


'cause you can just find one that speaks to your character, you know. But we've given up that like I love gloves, hats. When you see someone wearing a lot of like, just hats, gloves. And what's the other thing I like, like, like your outfit to look complete. You just look more complete. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. There's more there. They're more, it's, they look a little bit more gif wrapped over there. Right. Whereas here, if it's hats and gloves, it's burglary. Usually I feel it. So it's just like, America's kind of Like best dressed people in America are burglars if we're being honest. We have so many burglars now. There should be a contest I feel like. And we've definitely come a long way from the Beagle Boys. Bring those guys up from Ducktails. Those guys were horribly dressed.


Ducktails, you strike me as someone who watched the Ducktails. We Had Hadda, this was our babysitter. I was like, mom, do we have a babysitter? She's like, yeah, the Beagle Boys, don't you watch Ducktails every day? I'm like, that's a television program. Ooh. Scrooge McDuck. This is a throwback. Yeah, I remember it, but it wasn't my number one show for sure. Like I really loved Doug. Funny. Oh yeah. He Was really like a cool guy. Well you also ended up marrying a white guy too. So I think that all checks out. Do you think Doug funny though? He wasn't, I mean I thought Roger was cooler and he was blue guy. Oh yeah, He was a blue guy. Roger. Oh no, green. Was he green? Oh Roger. Am I having They could have changed him. Yeah. They probably changed him. Yeah. People always say he looks like Macklemore a little bit too.


Do you know that thing? What is the term for, it's gonna escape me at the moment, but where you go back and you are so certain that something was drawn a certain way. Yeah. The Mandela effect. Yeah. That really creeps me out too. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. You'll be like, no, it was exact like this. And then it, it wasn't right. And I'm certain it was like the Bernstein Bears like Yeah, that's the big one people talk about a lot. Yeah. That Freaks me out. Remember many people, lemme see the Mandela Effect has been a group of people misremember something such as a brand name or event. Some examples include many people remember that name. Yes. Fruit of the Loom Had Hadda Cornucopia. I agree. And they're saying it doesn't know. So who's doing it? Who's deleting it?


Who's deleting the files of our memories? Because I am certain Fruit of the Loom Had Hadda, cornucopia Me too. Little cornucopia, little fruit, little Loom. Yep. Or you brought the loom. I dunno what a loom is. I don't wanna, I dunno. But this is the kind of stuff where it, they just start deleting, they're deleting files now. So someone is just at the ccia, just like kidding the delete button. And then they just, I wouldn't be Surprised. Pretend it didn't happen. I, I'm not surprised. I'll have one for you, Pikachu. Okay. Did was there describe his tail, Pikachu short. Let me think of him. Yeah. Oh God, he's nasty. He had short little tail, kind of like a, just like a little tri Oh, like a iso triangle kind of coming off of.


But what color was it? His tail was yellow. You don't remember anything on it? Maybe Had Hadda little ball at the end or something. Like a little, yeah. Like a black ball at the end. Yes. There was no black little thing at the end of it. Hmm. Now they're saying Pikachu never had that. That stresses me out. Ah, there was a black ball at the end. The one on the left is correct. And they're saying the black ball never existed. So someone's just deleting the files. They're deleting the files. Well, I, I wouldn't be, it's like, it feels like that a lot of times and we get so like compromised in our brains because we only have so much bandwidth. Right. Like we think we have this immense amount of bandwidth, but we really don't. And so it's like once your like files are kind of filled, it's like that's all you have.


Yeah. Are you saying we're getting old? Yeah. I think that doesn't help. You know. Yeah. Candace Owens, thanks for hanging out with me today. I appreciate it. It's nice to see you. Thank you. Yeah. I think you're like such a brave, you're like veracity, you're like fearless, you know, and you're like, you're fear. I don't think anybody couldn't say those things about you. Do you ever like get worried for your own safety or anything these days? Does that happen any, I really don't. And it's definitely a consideration, like, because people are constantly saying to me, worry about your safety, get security. But I kind of think security is one of these things that you get for your own vanity. Because my perspective is they shot JFK in a moving vehicle.


He's the supposed to be the most secure person in the United States. And so, right. When you see people walking around and they've got security, I'm like, okay, maybe it makes you feel good, but at the end of the day it's in God's hands. So Yeah. It's just, yeah, they can easily catch me outside of an Eddie Bauer or something, you know? That's what I mean, in a heartbeat. That won't Be, it won't be that difficult. So I am extremely realistic about things like that. And I also think that there's safety in people even saying to watch your safety, like if people are looking out for you and those sorts of things. I think we live in a different world now with social media and people that are way more invested in, in individuals. And the things that were able to happen, like in the sixties couldn't really happen today without causing a major firestorm.


So I try not to think about that too much. I I worry more about the, just the privacy as a parent to children. Mm. Like that would be, that's the, the one area. 'cause I've seen some clips online of people getting wackadoodle, whether you're talking left or right. Some people can just get way too crazy and way too comfortable and will go up to someone when they're with their kids. Like, I've seen a clip of someone, see years ago that was chastising Tucker Carlson. Like he was, I think he was in Jackson Hole, like he was in Wyoming where just nothing happens in Wyoming. Oh, I think I remember this clip maybe. Yeah. But he was with his children. He was With his children. And That's so bizarre because then the kid is witnessing and the kid is like, what's even going on?


Right. They have no idea who I, my kids have no idea who I am. Yeah. He's like, I thought my dad sold nicotine pouches. He's a, he's a fu he's A, they think I make breakfast, do laundry. You know what I mean? So if someone comes up and they start screaming, they, they're likely to join in. You know, we've got him out. Got her outnumbered. But that sort of a thing. Traumatizing a child for the sake of your political beliefs. And I worry in those scenarios just 'cause I don't trust myself not to fly off with a handle. You know, because I, there's a natural bear instinct that mothers have. Oh yeah. And it's like, stay away from the Cubs. Stay away from the Cubs. So that's I think my only daily consideration. Hmm. I saw, oh is this the clip?


Is this him talking about it? Hard to have lunch at the Four Seasons in Jackson during the winter because there's some private equity wife who's gonna scream at you on your way to the men's room because that world hates you. He happens to live in Jackson, Wyoming. So, and I go there, you know, to ski and to fish and I have for a very long time. And I always say to him, I can't go anymore. 'cause I yelled at at lunch over my elk chili or in the Lyft wine or whatever or at the, you know, west side market. Yeah. People can get a little bit crazy. Yeah. So that's kind of your biggest concern. Do you, did you see that Trump sign that executive order for the healthcare? Which one? Oh, the one that he recently signed that was just going, Yeah, I think it was like two days ago.


Can you bring that up? This was like a about Tri Yeah. Price transparency. Yes. Yeah. I did see this and it's amazing because I've been kind of one of these people that's been beating the drum on the health stuff before it was cool. Like I was called anti-vax and whatever. Irresponsible, stupid. You're gonna kill your kids because polio iss gonna come back. You know, all the good things people say on the internet. And it's so great to see that. Something that I've been saying publicly, I'm even saying this since I was 20, since I was vax injured. But something that I've been saying public since I've Had Hadda platform is finally catching and people are starting to ask questions. And So I think that that's actually one of the places where the left and the right come together. 'cause I say to Mike, like, conservatives actually caught on late to the health movement.


It was actually these leftist moms who were like super granola and crunchy, you know, I believe that for sure. Yeah. And California moms and they were the ones that were kind of, they were behind that health campaign long before conservatives caught onto it. And so, and where there was no information for parents who didn't wanna choose to vaccinate their children. And I found RFK Junior who I had disagreements with, but he was the only person that was publishing information on via his children's health defense website. And I printed out everything and learned everything kind of from the beginning. And so to see this now become like a national movement is so cool. Yeah. It's just about people having rights. Like, you know what I mean? Like you shouldn't be blindfolded when you go into a hospital, you're there for a couple hours, then you get a bill that's $2,000.


You're like, yeah, that Tylenol we gave you, that was, that was $300. Like why would've never taken the F in Tylenol. Yeah. If I knew it was gonna be $300. Yeah. They're like, it was mine from the Tylenol mines in Rome or whatever. And you're like, that is, you're lying. This is unbelievable though. I mean this is, I think this is amazing. This is empowering patients through radical price transparency. Today President Trump signed an executive order to empower patients with clear, accurate and actionable healthcare pricing information. The order directs the Department of Treasury, labor and Health and Human Services to rapidly implement and enforce the healthcare price transparency regulations. They, the departments will ensure hospitals and insurers disclose actual prices, not estimates and take action and make prices comparable across hospitals.


And Yeah, I think because the number one, cause this is one thing that like during the, I've never really been super political, but one thing that I did latch onto over the past few years is this program called Power to the Patients. And Fat Joe, like has been a, like an advocate for them. We've done some stuff for them. John Jones, the UFC fighter. But it's that Yeah. When you go to, yeah, there they are right there. When you go to the hospital, they can just say, agree to pay, then you get the bill later and the prices are insane but you have no idea what the prices are. So They're burglars and they're not even wearing fascinators. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's what pisses me off the most. They're not even wearing fascinators.


And they're burglars and it's ridiculous because they're usually stealing from the poorest people in America. Yeah. And it's, it's so awful. It's so awful. What's, what's been allowed to happen. But sometimes when I see these executive orders, which by the way, I just random side thought because my brain works like this. Fat Joe is not fat anymore. He hasn't been fat for a very long time. You Know, that's true. But the price they charge him for it is insane though. Yeah. Really Crazy. He's, he's in good shape now. You're right. Sorry. Medium Joe. Medium Joe. Yeah, medium Joe. But he's absolutely right. And it's like I said, the people that suffer the most, it, and it seems like that is kind of the economic model of America is steal from the poor to further enrich the rich. And there's no greater example of that than the healthcare system. And it's ridiculous when people say this is an example of capitalism.


It's not, it's the exact opposite of capitalism. There cannot be capitalism in free markets where you don't know how much something costs. Yeah. It would be wild. And I try to give people this understanding because you've grown up in this system so you think it's normal. It's the craziest thing you've ever seen. Like imagine you come into a store and you're, and they're, you're like, how much does this shirt cost? Can't tell you right now. Can't tell you right now. Like, you know, just pick up the shirt, see what you want, you know, take whatever you want and then we will bill you. And they just make up the prices. Yeah. After you're gone And they're like, actually like that one t-shirt, it was $20,000 and you're going, if I had known it was $20,000, I wouldn't have gotten the t-shirt. Yeah. Like you have to be able to actually price shop and say this store is now gonna go outta business because it's too expensive. And the greatest example of that is that you really know it's, it's a drug cartel and operation.


It's, it's the ambitions of all of the people that they have do documentary series on or not documentary series. Like create all these Netflix series about the, the big drug dealers. What's the name of the cartel family? Purdue Farmers? No, in Mexico. S in Mexico. Oh. But yes to the Sacklers and but the, but essentially the El Chapo. Yeah. When you think about El Chapo and who's the guy in Columbia as well? I hit on his wife online one time Actually. Did you El Chapo's Wife? Yeah, I It was an accident. Yeah. It Wasn't, I mean it wasn't an an Accident. I thought he was deceased. He's not. Oh. So you're probably gonna get killed. It's sad. I dunno. Yeah. I really like this stuff. Sad. That's awesome. That's feelings Go fast days man.


But what are you saying that it's very similar to this. It's Cartel. It's what they wanted. They wanted a marriage with the government so that they would be able to push drugs. That's exactly what America is. Oh yeah. And we, and we do these series like, we're like so highfalutin like the oof, oh we would never engage. This is what we do. It is a drug trade that is happening in plain sight. And you know, you've got politicians who accept it because we have more big pharma lobbyists in DC than we have congressmen. Yeah, that's wild. Yeah. Yeah. It's unbelievable. I mean that was, and this was one thing that like Bernie Sanders and Trump agreed on that Vance, this was like one thing that every, that all but that both sides like it was bipartisan. Right? But my question is like, because now when you go you can say okay, well if it's $700 here for this MR I'm gonna call across the street and they're gonna have to make it 500 if they want your business.


So now it you'll get to the actual prices eventually. And that's what happened with LASIK surgery. So what's interesting is that when insurance companies kicked out, LASIK surgery used to be something that insurance companies covered and then they decided that it was cosmetic. So they were no longer gonna cover it. When insurance companies were covering it, it was about $10,000, 10 to $15,000 per eye. Then when they said we're not gonna cover it, suddenly the doctors Had Hadda compete and now you can get LASIK eye surgery for $3,500 for both of your eyes. Well they need you to be able to see so they can fuck you over. That's why that's a problem right About that. They're like, we can't even fuck these people over anymore. It's like Exactly. Because they can't see


Yo yo you hooping, you hooping basketball fans. Are you ready to win some real money? Well check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals. It's simple. Select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a certain stat like rebounds, three pointers assist, et cetera. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia and more. I've played pick six and I like it. I like picking a player and thinking about how they're gonna do and then you get to watch the game and if they do better or worse, you can just kind of really take it out specifically on them. Now we don't even get mad at a whole team. I like picking a Lonzo ball 'cause he does a lot of actions picking more at this and less at that. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in. New players get 50 in, Pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Download the DraftKings Pick Six app NOW and use code THEO. That's code Theo. For new customers to play $5, get $50 in, Pick six credits. Better payouts, Bigger wins Only with Pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


All right folks, if you've got a little itch for Bitcoin or you're trying to dip your toes into that crypto pond, then listen up 'cause I've got something for you. Let me introduce you to moon pay the smoothest. Easiest way to buy or sell crypto. No need to learn some secret handshake or barter with a medieval wizard. Just use what you've already got. Credit card debit PayPal. Hell well even take Venmo. That's right. Moon pays making crypto easier than ordering a pizza. If you've been thinking about stacking some digit coins, moon pays got your back. Moon pay isn't just another player. They've been around the block and have the experience to make buying crypto as smooth as a freshly paved road. Moon pay. I've Had Hadda Rocky relationship with crypto, you know that I've been in, I've been out ba ba ba. At one point I was checking Bitcoin prices more than I was checking my own pulse. I sold it all a couple times. I thought, you know, I thought I was out but Moon Pay has brought me back. So if you're looking to jump into crypto, there's no better place than Moon pay head over to moon pay.com/t or you can access them in any of your favorite crypto wallets such as Exodus, phantom meta mask or trust wallet. Disclaimer, this isn't financial advice. Trading crypto carries risk and you could lose your investment. Moon Pay is here to facilitate, not advise, same as myself.


Get rid of these insurance companies so that we can just pay for what stuff costs. Like I'm happy to go into CVS and buy the $15 Tylenol rather than to pay because the insurance companies are gauging prices or gouging prices and suddenly it's, you know, $300 worth a piece. Tylenol. And then the stress too. That's the thing that Bernie Sanders was talking a ton about. It's like the stress that people sit there. 'cause then the number one cause of bankruptcy is medical debt in America. And just the stress that that causes people. You know, you've, you've lived your life suddenly you're sick, you're gonna get sick anyway 'cause you're getting older and now you just are stressed at the price because they send this thing. And then the value you put on your own life at that moment and and the constant stress of calling these companies in just this war and yeah.


Medical debt is the leading cause of bankruptcy in the US accounting for 66.5% of all bankruptcies. And there's a talk right now of Medicaid being cut. Right. But this if, and I'm, I'm hoping this is part of their plan that they will enforce this, that 'cause that's the problem. This happened before that Trump made this in order and it wasn't enforced. It was when he was leaving office. So I'm hoping that this time that this is something that they will enforce and will actually get the prices down and then you won't even need as much Medicaid because the prices will be real. You know. So I'm hoping it's part of like a simultaneous thing that they're doing. Well It's good that it's become like the mainstream conversation. Conversation 'cause most people didn't understand it.


Like I said, when you grow up in a system Yeah. You don't know. And, and the congressman will then do a really good job of making you fearful. Like, oh, if this happens, if we get rid of Medicaid, if we get rid of Obamacare, whatever it is, then you guys are not gonna be able to, and that's, it's actually the exact opposite. Like, you get rid of these things and you'll be able to afford it. 'cause you're getting rid of all these people that are just taking money from you and stealing from you. Why do you think it takes, like, this is one thing I'm noticing about government. It's like, no matter who's in in office, whether it's Republicans or Democrats, it's always the same shit. It, it, nothing ever changes. You know, it's like you would think at some point they would give you the, you know, you would get some of these things solved.


Like even with this, like why does it take something so long? Like are both sides just screwing? Yes. And you start to think that just both sides are just screwing us. Well what ha we need term limits. This is the problem. So if you have no incentive, if you are going into government and you know that you can stay in government forever, then you have to think of government as your employer and you want the company that you work for. In the same way that you have a company. I have a company to be to to be grow. Right. Obviously your job here, when you're doing this podcast, you're not like, well what can I do to make the, you know, the podcast smaller, you know? And so they are going there and if they had term limits, they would be like, well in four years, if we say four or six years, whatever, it's, I gotta go back and be a regular American. So my, I have no incentive to help grow government.


I have every incentive to help grow individuals and grow families and make sure that prices are low. They're going in with the exact wrong mentality. Then they get in there and it's like, you can actually be here and tell And how old is Nancy Pelosi? She's like the crypt keeper. Yeah. Right. Think about how old our government is. And they've been there forever. Biden's been in government forever, there forever. So their incentive forever, this is my company and I'm gonna help grow it. And then the lobbyists come to them and they wanna stay in office forever. They wanna grow their Power. Oh, Chuck Schumer, that's slur Blizzards been in there for fricking forever. Yes. And so that would change overnight. Their incentives to do, to recognize that they're gonna spend the majority of their life outside of government would make them go in there and want to make things better for us. Right. And that's the problem. So I'm, I'm a big supporter of term limits And there's a problem where people shouldn't be able, if they're in government, they shouldn't be able to then work for lobbies right after, because then they're working for the lobbies.


That was one thing that The lobbying shouldn't be allowed in my viewpoint at should allowed period at all. It should be just completely outlawed. But every American feels that way. So why is it like, what are we even fucking doing then? It feels like, because They don't care what we think and that's why Trump referred to it as a swamp. Right. They don't actually care what we think. They're, once you get them into office, their job is to keep themselves into office, keep themselves empowered forever. And they're just in the business of trying to explain in really dumb terms to the American people. Like, like I said, fearmongering. Well the reason I Had Hadda sign this, it's all buried. It's like 3000. That's why I love Thomas Massey by the way. 'cause Thomas Massey will say, we just need these bills that we're signing or we're one line instead.


It's like, if they even ever agree to do anything for us, it's because they've already done 37 million things for themselves in the first 37,000 pages of the document. Then the last page. It's something for the American people. It's crazy. Why, why do bills need to be 300 pages long? Yeah. And lobbyists are writing half of the bills too. Yeah. That's one of the craziest things. They're writing The bills, they're getting the bills passed and we have a bunch of traitors in Congress. I mean that is just the reality of the circumstances. And anybody telling you that it's just traitors on the left or traders on the right is lying to you. It's, we have traitors on both sides. It's, it's very obvious we have traitors on both sides. But how do they keep them from just saying, Hey, wouldn't you think some like at least two or three people a year would be like, Hey, this whole thing's a fucking charade.


Like they do Rand Paul, Ron, Paul Rand, Paul Thomas, so few, so few. Because that's what money is. People worship money. They don't worship values. We have this issue in the media. We have this issue in government, we have this issue in business. You know, there is just something about money that just turns everyone into a prostitute. And it's sad. I mean I've seen it up close. I've been, you know, there's this expression, never meet your idols. Yeah. And I felt that the closer that I got to politics, the more I realized how much I hate politics. I've always hated politics, but you hated extra. Once you start to meet people and you realize that everyone's in it just to enrich themselves. And, and, and so few people will be able to, to walk away from riches, so to speak to, because they actually want to, to do something good.


And those people tend to have something that's so much better than riches, which is like their lives are in order. They have families, they're, they're actually happy and they don't want more, you know? So Yeah. Oh yeah. I think that's what dumbfounds me the most. And you believe this program, you believe it because as like a, I guess like an American or a citizen of any country, you wanna believe in the altruistic nature. Not totally altruistic, but at least maybe 75% altruistic nature of people or that people want to do. Well I, I, yeah. I think that's one of the things that's most baffling. And then at a certain point, does that just have to start to turn because the grossness of wealth is starts, you just start to see how sick it is and how sour it is.


That's easy for me to say that, you know, I can pay my mortgage and I have, you know, know that I can afford food. So maybe that's an unfair thing for me to say, but I just think there's this overall kind of theory there or feeling there. So what do you think is gonna be different about Trump in office this time? Like, I mean, I think it's gonna, if they enforce this thing that's gonna be amazing. I'm curious to see if they will, but what do you think is gonna be different about him in office this time? Look where there's gonna be great stuff and there's gonna be bad stuff. There's no question in my mind, you know, that Trump is, is less beholden to the state and that was why the state fought so hard to keep him out. And I always pay attention to those people because I, I have a almost reverse relationship with the media when someone's being super attacked and the entire mainstream media hates them.


I usually assume that there's some modicum of truth there. There's something that they're fighting for that makes them hate them so much. And that's like how I came across Thomas Massey. And I would say with Trump, he, he is definitely a person that does not love war. And so the military industrial complex, and he's definitely a person who looks at things like a businessman, which is just, why would you wanna have all of this money going out of your company, so to speak, if you treat your country like a company. And it, and it makes entirely no sense, you don't even know where it's going. Going to obscure causes. Like why are we funding like Pakistani LGBT, right? It's like weird. Yeah. When you take a look at it. And so it's cool to see him instantly attack that and that they're automatically, I mean like when they went through, you said, it's just amazing to see that.


So you're, I think in terms of the economy, we are going to instantly kind of bounce back and people are, you can already feel it now. People are, aren't holding their money as much. I think there was, there was a, to me, I felt, and I don't know if I'm biased 'cause I'm conservative, but there was a kind of a darkness and a fear when Biden was president. And it wasn't because Biden was president, it was because we knew Biden wasn't president. It's not quite, quite strange. Oh yeah. That's like the scariest part. Like it wasn't because he was president, it was 'cause he wasn't president. So it's like, who, who was running the country? I agree. I can't believe that. Every day there wasn't a newspaper article from every company that was like, hey, there is a man who is obviously being commandeered. Right. Who is a puppet because he is not mentally well, it's not even a knock on him.


The guy's not well. Right. It's like if somebody did that to my grand grandfather or father, I've said that forever, you know? And I, you know, it's Embarrassing. Yeah. That the family let us Do, it's, it's embarrassing to the rest of the world. The world. It's like people can tell the guy's not willing and they put him on the bike for 40 feet or whatever and it was like, who put him on the bike? Falls over That guy. Well it's just like, you can't put That guy on a bike, dude. It Was elder abuse. It is. That's what it felt like to me. It felt like elder abuse and it felt like a horrible way also for the world to see us like, oh, this is what they think of their elders. Right. And that kind of hits you in a place where like, man, it's just gross. Like people took advantage of this guy. I'm amazed that his wife didn't speak up. Maybe that his son, that his children didn't speak up.


But also, I don't know what their lives are like. I don't really know. Or, and maybe he wanted to not, there may have been a big part of him that he did, was able to speak well and communicate and said, I I don't, I want to keep going. You know, but what, what do you like, I'm kind of conflicted about Trump, like with his stance on Gaza. Right. To me, that's like, I totally Disagree with him on it. And I, and it's like, it's hard to reconcile it in in many ways. It's hard to reconcile because I see so much hypocrisy in terms of when we say America first, whatever reason, we have this magic carve out. And you cannot pretend that that's not, because APAC spends a hundred million dollars in our election.


And this gets back to what we were talking about. Whether it's big pharma, whether it's Israel, everyone's for sale in DC. And So I have been very disappointed with Trump on his perspectives about Gaza. I have been disappointed, by the way, he's the last person I'm disappointed with. 'cause I've been disappointed as we saw all last year with the Conserva conservatives people that say they're Christians who are condoning this and the basis of what, like you're saying, oh, well they're Muslims, so who cares? And that gets into our programming, which I've spoken about in my podcast of this nine 11 programming where we just don't see Muslims as like human life. And to, you know, to, to me to speak about Gaza and, and talking about casinos and hotels and these people just lost their entire families. Yeah. It's, it's so far removed from humanity and I think it's wrong.


And I'm, I, I'm tired of America being used as Israel's piggyback, you know, for whatever reason everyone can critique every other country for taking money from us. And then there's just everyone's blind when it comes to Israel. And obviously I paid a very heavy price for saying that last year, but I don't care because I've, I am truly someone who's values have never been up for sale. Like, I don't care. I, I will burn everything to the ground and rebuild it. I have to be able to like sleep at night and to see those Palestinian children and the images are seared into my brain. The screaming, the crying, the bleeding, the stuff that we saw on X for the first time, largely thanks to Elon freeing the bird and really realizing how much we had been lied to about what was happening in that region. I I, I just, it was very easy for me to say, take whatever you have to take from me.


I just, I have to be on like the human side of things. I think it's become both sides of the aisle now. Just see that Yeah, human people just feel like this is that it's just wrong. Of course what's happened is wrong. Like probably a year ago people were afraid to even say that. And now it is what everybody is saying. Like even Pi Morgan is saying it on his show now. Like people are saying it's obvious that you can't go and annihilate and genocide this culture and dis make them disappear and then Trump to come on top of it and say they're gonna build who's going to, you're gonna go on a lazy river where there's bodies of like, who could even go to that? And what's so crazy is the, like the mainstream media thinking that we're so stupid that they're going to condition us to believe that, to not support the ethnic cleansing.


They're then gonna mine our like preconditioned beliefs about the Holocaust and be like, oh, well, you know, a Jewish person died. So like if you don't agree with what we're doing over here, then you're a person that wants more Jewish people to die. It's like, this is an evil way to try to social socially engineer what you want. Because actually it's precisely because of what I learned growing up about Holocaust and ethnic cleansing, that I do not support what the state of Israel is doing. And you're trying to convince me that it means that if anybody's been wronged in the past, they can't wrong people in the future. You're also wrongly conflating like a Jewish American. Why you have nothing to do with this one in Israel. This is a foreign country, you know? No, no more than if right now we were standing up to a genocide that was happening in Ghana.


Yeah. And then what I'm gonna be like, oh, well if you don't support what you know, the, the, the president of Ghana wants to do, then you want American slavery back. I'm like, it's like, what, what are you talking about? Just 'cause I'm black and like maybe my family is from Ghana. Why on earth would, would I not be able to critique a foreign country for something that they're doing that is so objectively wrong? Yeah. And so it's disappointed me as someone who just had so much respect and belief in the conservative movement and believing that it was a principled movement and Christians as well, I've been very disappointed Christians who are using, trying to use this like biblical argument for just, well no matter what, like, you know, are People doing that? Yeah. It's pretty sick man.


It's pre it is very sick. They're basically saying that the bible, you know, the Bible will bless those who bless Israel. And I'm like, okay, so we have a country who first and foremost doesn't have to give us back our pedophiles. Literally if you, there's, they have this weird rule that you can go if you're Jewish and hide as a pedophile. And actually an amazing Jewish organization did the work there. You could pull it up. I think it was on CBS, it was, I forgot what the name of the Jewish organization, but they followed, went to Israel and was like, why are we harboring pedophiles? So the way there was a Jewish organization that they had pedophiles, They did amazing. No, they, they were not the pedophiles. They, they did the investigation to show how people are using how, like people who have molested children in America, if they're Jewish, they can then make their trip to Israel and be protected by the government.


And Israel doesn't have to bring, like, they literally don't have to. Yeah. Exposing CBS news. That's second one. How Jewish American, right. You will not find a single person who says that that's wrong, hide From justice in Israel. But can't they hide? Can't, can't. Most people say if you are, so these are people that are Israeli citizens. No, they can then become Israeli. They're American, right? So they, if they just hop, if they're being in like on a trial, you get to Israel, they'll protect you. And so they went and went to where all these, you know, pedophiles are and spoke a lot about, you know, this, this, or I can't remember the name of the organization, but they did amazing work there. Jewish community watch. That's what it is. And so that's what I mean where it's like, there's also this wrong conflation that annoys me as well.


Because you have Jewish organization who will objectively say this is wrong. They recognize they are Americans, they don't support pedophiles, and yet the mainstream media is trying to conflate them and make them think that they have to defend the actions of this state. And yeah, if you even talk about this, so say it's anti-Semitic, talk about this. What are you talking about? You're taking billions. That's the difference here. This is a country that is taking billions and billions and billions of, it's a, an American welfare state, you know, and CBS jumped on it. CBS news investigation has found that many accused American pedophiles flee to Israel and bring them to, and bringing 'em justice can be difficult. Okay. Has been trying for years to find co car carol's. One of them help bring to justice. So Jimmy Carroll, he's a wanted man and is considered dangerous accused of assaulting a 9-year-old girl in Oregon.


In 2000, he fled to Israel before authorities in the US could apprehend him. But is this just one guy? No. No. So this is a story about how they are doing this. Like it's, the main story is like, that they were investigating is that there's so many people that did this, Why do they allow it? Because they have special consideration and they are not allowed, they don't have to give us back our pedophiles. I don't know, I don't un I never understand these random Israeli loopholes. And it's, it's ridiculous. And the fact that they can just call people anti-Semitic, like they just like a sweeping allegation. How dare you notice that this is happening over here? You're you anti-Semite. And it's like you, we have every right to critique this nation because you take money from us, especially, right? That means when we go to work and taxes are being taken away, we're paying to support this.


We, and then we're gas lit by the media who's telling us that critiquing them in any way is an act of hatred for Jews, which is just such a nonsense. Oh, I think I don't like that in yet in Yahoo Guy. Man, I hate him. That guy seems like an evil guy to me. And I think he's seemed like that to most people now because of, I mean, mostly I think it's just like nobody wants war or anything. And we're lucky to live in a place where, you know, like Tennessee's not at war with, with Kentucky. So there's not like the risk every day or night of things flying over, you know, the fence. But I've thought that, that America is a kind of like a shell company.


So yeah. But maybe it's always just been that way. Like that's the thing. Like maybe it's always been that way, maybe it isn't. I just would like to know what it is. Right. So then it's like you can operate within the reality of things. Yeah, because, but then also people say that like, well, why do you think there's such a strong relationship between the two countries? Then Blackmail. I think blackmail. And I think this is the reason why we don't get to open the Epstein files. We don't get to open the JFK files. And I think it's a form of gaslighting us to pretend that our special friend and ally isn't just a per, I mean, and by the way, parking aside America, other countries too, you investigate anything. I mean, I'm, I'm investigating Brae Macron and Israeli blackmail comes up in Morocco, Israeli blackmail comes up.


And so to pretend that we don't know that Israel is involved in blackmail operations is foolish. And again, Well, I think all countries are probably involved in them. There Are, and I think that they have been like the, they have of gotten it down to a science. And there's no question in my mind that like, sexual black male is what Jeffrey Epstein was involved in. And I don't know if that means these, you know, people don't know when they go to these parties that the girls are underage. And then it's like, haha, we've got you on tape, whatever it is. And we can, even taking a look at the Diddy case, you know, black male, these little black, these black male powerful black male operations are definitely operating. And and that's Actual blackmail too. Yeah, it's true blackmail. I mean, if you have hidden cameras and you're capturing people doing drugs and sitting with underage people, So I think it's, these are, these are black male operations, and I think they've been going on for decades in America.


I think it was Jeffrey Sachs who spoke really well about that. The, the history of that on Tucker Carlson's show. And he is Jewish and that, that's what I hate about it. It's trying to make Jewish Americans think that they have to defend the country is so ridiculous. I, I am not required to, if my family goes back to Uganda, I'm not required to defend Uganda as a state. I'm sorry. I'm an American. And I think what you're doing is wrong if doesn't, doesn't really matter. You know, and you're right to say that it's sort of this circumstance where everybody knows something is going on and that they think they're just gonna keep gaslighting us. It's so weird. Like they're just gonna go, nothing's going on. Nothing. There's just every day some, everybody woke up one day and decided to be Hitler. Like that's what the media's basically accusing us of for like noticing a lot of dead people, like a lot of dead women and children.


And that's failing. And by the way, I think that is the reason I don't, I don't regret them doing that because it's the reason why regret who doing that podcasts, like the mainstream media, you know, this like effort to just keep smearing, libeling people for noticing basic human things. And I don't regret it because I think it's the reason that trust with them has been fractured. I'm grateful that people no longer believe them. I'm grateful that now people are going to independent podcasts. And when we go on Spotify, you see like Sucker Carlson, Candace Owens. That means that for holding onto just like basic human values and being willing to talk about issues in a way and not pretend that your audiences are stupid and not seeing what your suit, we've, we've earned their trust. You know, and I don't wanna, I don't wanna fumble that ball.


Like I wanna always say, even if I don't know something, and sometimes I don't, I can't speak on it that I don't know everything, but I'm willing to find out before I speak on it, or at least have the conversation. Yeah. And not treat you like you're an idiot. And I'm like the authority. Yeah. I just can't learn at a fast rate. That's one of my biggest issues, I think. Speaking about Epstein, right? How do you, how do you know he's not just a Jewish guy who was doing, who was being perverted or whatever, and that he was doing business. Like there's no real connection that he works for Israel though. Well, he had passports. Yeah. So, and then it's also his ties to Ghislaine, Maxwell Ghislaine s fa Father Robert Maxwell, the, the whole Masad attended his funeral.


He died in very weird circumstances. It, it, it, I don't think even people who are pro Zionists would deny that he was obviously Israeli American intelligence and he had weird passports. I mean, they, he had like a Saudi Arabian passport and Israeli passport and American passport. Oh, He's perv In then and Yeah. And under different names. That's by the, he working passports of these different countries with different names. You can't just get that, you know what I mean? You can't just get these passports without being connected to the intelligence services. And it was never made clear why he was so rich. So who was giving him all that money? Was this like black ops, our tax dollars going to give him this illusion of wealth and power so that he would party with all of these billionaires?


And Yes, you're right. Blackmail. Operations happen all across the world. I think America, in terms of just how America has been seized, that would, that's the only explanation for how Israel's able to expand with such a small population. And like, you know, you, somebody has to be fighting their wars. Somebody has to be funding them. We're funding them. So I think we're, we've just become like the piggy bank to them. But What do we, what? But, but if, if that's the case, what is the cross relationship? Because Yeah. I mean, I think the Middle East is historically a place that's not super chill, you know, so that's probably what a lot of people would say is like, oh, well you need an ally there. Right. Which Is so stupid. I hate when people just say stuff. It's one of my things that I always, I mean, It's, it's a strong theory though, But it's not, it's just people just say things that are said all the time, why the hell do we have any business in the Middle East at all?


Like, why are you just trying to tell me that? Like, I need an ally and I actually don't, I I don't, I don't re like why are we involved constantly in Middle East drama? Again, this is one of the things that we've just been programmed since childhood to think that like, we need to be, why are we in Afghanistan? Okay, let's say they actually, let's say the Taliban is terribly corrupt and they're making women where that's, I would like to mind my business. You know what I mean? And Right. So there's this idea of international expansionism. International liberalism. Everybody must think like us, live like us, really. Like I'm good if they don't actually, I'm cool if like Russia wants to decide how Russia lives and if, yeah, I agree with that. Like, Pakistan wants to decide how Pakistan lives and what the fuck, why do, why are we so nosy?


I I actually just, you know, we're like next door neighbors. Never once have I thought about how you live. I've never, like when I got dressed, I was like, no, I've never thought, well, I really think that the morals in my house are so good that I just need to go next door and force Theon to live like I live. And this is what time I wake up. I wake up at five 30 and he should get up at five 30 and he should organize, you know, close. Like, I just don't, I I kind of like to mind my business. Yeah. Like a little bit. If that's possible. If America could employ that foreign policy for a bit, it'd be great. I agree with that. That's how exactly how I feel. But I do think that we're so fucked in the Middle East because we've started so much, you know, we've been just as bad as any other country as about causing trouble in places, you know, And for whose benefit?


Who has benefited from that? All of the stuff we did in the Middle East. Who's benefited from that? The answer is, Israel. Okay, we have not, America has not benefited from any of these wars. Why did we just have all of these safe? Well, if we've been kept safe Daughters and sons dying in the Middle East, throughout, is America safer country? Are borders are wide open? Are we a cleaner country than before we got into these wars? Are we like, do you remember the glory days? Were you alive in the nineties? Things were so chill in the nineties. I feel like I always go back to that. I'm like, I swear I'm the nineties. Everybody was chill. We were happy, we were wearing overalls, we were saving up money for Disney in like those big Poland spring bottles. Like at least I was, we were in my house. And then I just feel like September 11th happened and we just could not stop being involved in stuff.


And we were told that it was 'cause it was gonna make us safer and it didn't make us safer. All I know, I don't feel safer when I have to just like strip dance at every airport. We used to not have to do that as a matter, just get on the plane. Isn't it unbelievable? And they never found anybody with a shoe bomb. It was just this illusion of Middle Eastern terrorism that made us give up all of our rights. Things used to be cleaner. The streets used to be cleaner. There wasn't America before we decided to get involved in everybody's business. But But you can't blame that all on Israel though, I don't Think, you know. Well, I'm saying that our, I'm talking now about our Middle Eastern policy, right? Well, Yeah. I think we've created so much cars over there that now you have children who hate America. You have places that hate America. Yeah. And the sad part I agree with you on is that yeah, the human Amer regular American people are the ones that have to sign up for the military because they either it's tradition in their family or they wanna support their country or they don't have AdChoices because they're gonna have to go to jail.


Different reasons. But they're the ones who have to actually go and, and die and be the pawns of these sick governments. Right? And I do think, or these strategic governments, like that's the thing. I don't know sometimes if things, if the, if the governments are, if some of the international politics, I don't have a, an understanding of international politics. I mean, I have ways that I feel, but I don't have a strong information. Well, but I do think that it's sad that it's the, it's the, the the, the regular just voter that has to go and put their life on the line. You Right. It's the very same people at the mainstream media calls, racist, sexist, homophobic, and anti-Semitic.


And then the price you get to pay for that is that you get to sign up and fight the war so that those little elitist can write their articles about you. Like I I literally said, no one should sign up. Like when we under the Biden regime, I'm like, I would never send my kids to fight in a war for a foreign nation when this is a condition of ours. The whole idea of signing up for the military is you're supposed to be defending the homeland. Okay, now we're defending Ukraine's borders and they're again using the same weird argument to try To make you I that whole Ukraine thing's unbelievable. But it's a laundromat. We even doing, it's a laundromat look into it historically. Yeah. Zelensky is a puppet. You know, that's being, and the use of that was, we were running money through Ukraine. They can't account for the billions of dollars that we sent to Ukraine. It's getting, it's a laundromat and it's just being sent back to the same elites while the American people suffer.


Now That part I totally agree. I I mean we can't, we can't account for any, I mean if You, no, but it's a laundromat. This is money laundering. And this is what I mean when I say It always feels like that for sure. Yeah. Like, you just don't really know what's going on. And they Shame you, shame, shame You. We can't trust our But who shames you The mainstream media for not supporting it? You know, and, and that they shame you. They call you isolationist. You don't wanna get involved in Ukraine, you're an isolationist. I'm like dope. Love it. Can I get it on a t-shirt? Isolationist, you're, you don't, you don't want big pharma to have more power. You're an anti ve cool anti whatever you need to call me, put it on a t-shirt. And that's what I hope that people get from me when they watch my podcast and people know that this is just high school name calling. Okay? A bunch of dweebs are down in DC people that you would've probably never even freaking hung out with.


Okay. And they're telling you how you're gonna live and how you're gonna work for them. The stuff they would never have the courage to do. You love the war so much. Neocons the conservative side. Put your kids in the war. You love it so much, you love Israel, so go fight for Israel, dude, there's no rules here. Pick up and go. Right? Like the pedophiles can go. I'm sure you can go. And it's not that instead they pick up Pedophiles should have to get out there on the front lines. I think That's a perfect solution that I would get behind all of them, every single one of them. And so yeah, that'd be great. Put 'em all in helmets. And I'm just so sick of people who live in no helmets. Like no helmets. No helmets. I'm gonna say that. I love that. Yeah. And so I'm just so sick of people and then they look down and who are the first to sign up?


Oh, the good old boys people down here in Tennessee, Alabama. Right. And they hate you. They hate you the most. Right. They hate a white American, straight male is like the number one person that they want to just like annihilates like every e every sense of America. Well, I felt, yeah, I mean, I will say that I definitely felt like, yeah, I, I felt like during like the past eight or 10 years of mainstream media Yeah. Like you were the one that got picked up, picked out, picked on. Like people where I was from were the, the ones that kind of felt like it got picked on by late night hosts. You know, you were the only person that was left to make fun of was white men.


Right. It was the only person. So it was just like, all your fault. I hated that shit. You know, because I didn't even identify with a lot of, they're like your redneck or your maggots. Like I don't identify with any of it. It's like, don't tell me who I am also. Like, I didn't like that shit, But Yeah. But that, that should, they should be angry about that. So you, you realize this is, it's those people that are writing the articles that hate you. Who will be the first one to tell you to sign up to go fight the wars that enriches them. It's a nonsense. Like who cares? Call call someone a redneck. Can I get it on T-shirt? Like who cares? Stop this cycle of abuse. And they're, and that's always what they try to do, is they try to, well, you're ignorant. I sip my, is it chai Chai latte in New York City?


I've never, I know nothing. They, these people who lecture you about the environment and lecture you about, you know what, we're so educated. We write these articles about like green new, whatever it is, had never been in the environment, man. Like they're, they're in like a concrete jungle. They would die. They would literally die if electricity went out for longer than a week. Yeah. Okay. They don't know how to, they make fun of people who hunt, who wanna survive. And then when there's something that they wanna accomplish overseas, they want you you to go die. And So I just want Americans to wake up to that. Yeah. To wake up to that and to realize it's left and right. And when we are just screaming at each other and you don't recognize that there is this power apparatus that sits in the middle and that they will always use you and use your emotion and use words like racism and sexism and antisemitism.


That should be the first red flag when you hear someone not making an argument, but calling someone a name. What you have behind that is a fleet of nerds that are trying to socially engineer you to go do something for them and they would never do it for you. Yeah. I mean there's some stuff in there. I should probably fact check or whatever, but I don't even know where to get started. But I do think there's a lot of news out there. We know it. Everything. It's too much, so much advertising attached to everything. It's confusing. You don't know who to trust that could be changing for


you San I wanna tell you about Straight Arrow News. Stay abreast of what's going on in the world. I know it's overwhelming and it's more overwhelming when the interfaces and the apps you are using are trying to spin the information. You don't get that with Straight Arrow News. What I love about Straight Arrow News is just the, the, even the headline, it's just the information. Do you wanna know about this? Boom. Click learn more. That's why I've been using Straight Arrow News. Straight Arrow News is a place that empowers you with unbiased fact-based journalism that informs, educates and inspires trust so you have context to the stories that impact your life. Go to s a.com/ Theo Von to check it out. You can visit through the link in my description when you visit. You not only support me, you're also supporting a group of journalists who are raising the bar on news by delivering news without bias filter or spin. Welcome back to trustworthy journalism. Just the information. Straight Arrow News a.com/t E-O-V-O-N-U-F


C3 13 Is this Saturday, March 8th at 10:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. It's exclusively on espn plus plus pay-per-view. The main event has UFC star Alex Chama Pereira defending his light heavyweight title against number one contender Mamed an this will be Pereira's fourth title Defense Lia is on an 11 fight unbeaten streak. He's on a heater. Boys in the Coman event, you got Justin Gaje. Dan Hooker hurt his hand so he's out. But they brought back in. Mr. Raphael, it's a rematch between these two. It was a back and forth brawl last time. Che ended up getting the win. And that one, these guys between them have 30 finishes in the octagon. So it's gonna be a banger. This is all exclusively on ESPN plus pay purview. You can buy now@espnp.com slash ppv. That's s pns.com/ppv PV.


So you connect a lot of dots between like Israel and media, right? Or, but do you think that it's just capitalism? Like don't you think a lot of times it's just like, it's just business and that's how business works? Is that there, you know, like it's one of the side effects of capitalism If that were the case. So the reason why this is different is because Israel is actually the exception. They are the only country that's allowed to lobby Americans. Like everyone else has to register as, you know, a foreign agent Under, what do you mean? Under, under far like with APAC or Whatever. Yeah. So apac, the backstory, by the way, before JFK got shot, he was fighting apac. They were previously called, I'm blanking on this.


It was, you can look it up. And he was literally saying you have to register under the foreign act. Is that true? Let's look it up. 1000% true. And you should look it up. We should fact check that live. He was fighting with what is today known as apac. Ah, as was renamed A ZCP. I don't know what that stood for. Okay. In 1959, AZ CPA was renamed the A was renamed APAC and American Israel Public Affairs Committee reflecting a broader membership and mission. Yeah. So JFK told them that they Had Hadda register under far and so American Zionist Council, that's exactly what it was called. Okay. American Zionist Council was a proger lobby in the United States founded in 1949.


It represented nine nationwide Zionist organizations in matters related to See at the bottom there in 1962. President, look at the last paragraph in 1962. Yeah. Two President John F. Kennedy and his brother Bobby as a US Attorney General forced the A ZC to register as a foreign agent. In doing so, they were barred from making monetary contributions to US officials who was barred A ZC. Yeah. So a apac, for lack of a better term, they were called a ZC back then, but continued to send out newsletters and hold events with, with a non-profit tax exemption. And then what happened was he was shot. So he, he literally, like, they, they were writing him letters, you can find this, this is all like, this is available information. Right. And he was like, you need to register. You need to register.


You need to register. And then we told you to register. Why are you not registering? This makes no sense. And then he APAC got lucky because he got shot and killed. What also you could like, So they are the only, the reason why I'm bringing this up is not to further conspiracy theory. They're the only country, they're the only countrys allowed to, to lobby Americans. Not that do not, are not registered into the FAR act. And so when you see these people Under the what act, Farra. So that's like if you're a foreign agent, you have to basically register your communications are monitored, all of this stuff. But for whatever reason, Israel is an exception to this. And the reason is because JFK got shot because the otherwise they would've been under this. So that is the reason that they're allowed to do this. And so, you know, when this, and, and then of course we're not allowed to read the files, but leading up to his death, he was having arguments with the prime minister, Ben Gian.


That's a fact. Another fact he was having heated arguments with Ben Gian. And then the problem, yeah, look it up. JFK, it's like A foreign agents registration. Registration Actation Act is a US law that requires people in the entities working on behalf of foreign governments to register with the Department of Justice. So it drives me insane to see these absolute frauds. Like when they go, when they go, oh, Russia spent a million like, or like whatever they said, I remember they came after like Lauren Chen and they're like, there, his idea that Russia spent money and they'll say something like $26,000 or they spent $3 million like, you know, and influenced the election and all of these people will be taking money from apac. They're like, oh, well APAC got lucky. Well, AJ K got shots. All the Russian, but wasn't the Russia story just, it was that that was figured out to be a, a facade.


But so when you, but when you hear these people in your government saying this, you should know how fraudulent they are because they all are taking money from Israel. And so it's like, yes, are is Israel doing it legally because a president got shot? Sure. But it's wrong there. Should you, a country should not be able to lobby to get what they want and control our congressmen. And you get to see them flex that muscle like TikTok and things of nature when they, when they are now interfering with our speech and they'll get laws passed really quickly. It allows a literally a foreign country to make decisions in our, in our nation. Lobbying should just not be allowed. Full stop. So instead they go, oh, well you're focusing on it 'cause they're Jewish. No, you're just the only country that's allowed to do it. I would feel the same way if China, if there was a Chinese lobby, is China allowed to do it?


Was spending, no, there's no other country that's allowed to do this, but Israel, only apac, there's no other country that is, everyone else has to register under the far act. And that changes things significantly. APAC is the only, you know, American Israel pac, whatever it is that's is allowed to spend a hundred million dollars our election and not be called names. Like if, if, could you imagine if Russia spent a hundred million dollars in our elections, if there was like a, a Russia pack or a Chinese pack and they were just allowed to spend that kind of money to lobby and pay our politicians to say things and to believe in things. And that should make people angry. Like that should make people angry and irrespective, like I said, it could be any country Unless, right. I I agree with you that, that it's amazing that, or let Them all do it Right?


If like America is owned by Israel or something, or part ownership or whatever, just tell us that. Right? Well, they don't want to, because like, That's a weird thing. I don't understand. Like, wouldn't wouldn't, 'cause you wouldn't sign up for wars. You wouldn't, you would start to question things in a different way. And so it becomes impor important for the government to keep Americans ignorant of how Congress works, what's going on. So that they believe they're congresswoman, they go on a rant and say, Israel's our friend and ally and they don't know how to just very easily look up and see whether this guy's taking money or when someone says, this vaccine's gonna save your life. And they don't know, you know, what's happened with the CDC or they don't, people don't even have basic civics understanding, but that's by design. If, and this is something that my former colleague Matt Walsh said, and he, he's so right.


Go back and read the letters that were written during the Civil War from like poor kid from Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, writing to his mom with no formal education and it sounds like poetry. The, they were so educated. The 17 year olds, I'm talking 17, eight year olds, like talking about how they miss their mothers and you that you read these old letters and you're like, Americans were so educated. There's been an intentional effort to make Americans dumber and dumber and dumber about their own processes because then it allows for the gaslighting media to come in and sort of make, I mean you have people now you look at the, we are factually speaking, getting dumber and dumber every decade. And they, they fashioned this with the department of education, which is now they're going after that too, which is great.


Trump is saying like, no more, but you federalized education. And there was a reason for that because now they can keep you focused on learning about emotional things. Well, we want you to learn about race, we want you to learn about sex. Very important that we learn about trans rights. And so this is where I think the left and the right get we're, we're fighting over stuff that's so irrelevant, right? Yeah. A lot of times it's just like everybody's fighting over bullshit. That doesn't super matter. It does matter. But really to sometimes just like select small groups, we get these political kick balls that get kicked around back and forth and they're the biggest things in the whole world. BLM and like, like The bathrooms, like, you know, bathrooms, bathrooms. Like, like I'm just saying, I'm not saying that trans people don't need a place to urinate.


Everybody does. But I'm just saying it seems like there's ways to figure it out. I'm from a community where if somebody attacked a gay person or a trans person, you would fuck those people up, right? Like, that's just where I'm from. And also, by the way, we had already solved that, like everywhere in the world that just used to just say bathroom and we knew that that meant anybody could use. Right? Do you remember this? And now it's like this issue where they're now writing signs that are like, any person can go here. And I'm like, have you never been on a plane? Do you? Yeah, yeah. I Know. Everybody just goes in the best same bathroom. So that's a point. It's a good point. It's make point. That's how we used To be. But then people bring it, but then there's always some lurk or some little slurp or running around in and outta there putting on a bow tire or whatever. There's always some little frick sniff God running his nostril up in there trying to get a huff of something young.


You know? And that's where it gets a little bit dicey, you know, like at the airport sometimes when it's a unisex bathroom, you'll see like, I've seen like a, a pair of young girls walk in and then That guy walk in. It seems, well I don't Mean the big ones, I just mean like when they had the independent, like the independent stalls. Yeah. Which is just allows like a family bathroom, you just go in like one person at a time. Yeah. But They, I'll use the family stall. I'll use the, I use the one at the airport in the secret wall, just says family or whatever. Always clean cleaner. I'll go in there. I used to go in there and smoke. I'm gonna report you, Huh? Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, no, it's okay. It's fine. But obviously you like a, you're you, you're in a conspiracy theories. I I'm just into the truth. And as soon as you start following the truth, they call you a conspiracy theorist.


But like I said, I'm comfortable with it. I, I literally sell stuff that says conspiracy theorist. My whole mission is to make people realize dweebs are calling you names and you're, I don't know, like you just gotta stand up to them. Yeah. Like you called me a conspiracy theorist for talking about vaccines for years and then covid happened and suddenly people are all looking at my old series and going, wow. Well if they could lie about Covid, did they lie about other stuff? Yeah, buddy. You're looking at a drug cartel. Yeah. Yeah. They're gonna lie to you. Oh, they know some things. You know, I think things start to feel super obvious to a lot of Americans that there's, it's just been that we are being laundered. Right? Of course we are the things our, but then you start to, then it gets to a personal level. It's like, do some people even really care?


I know there's a part of people inside of their spirit that probably really cares for most people, but then it's like, how do you compromise and dict yourself from the easy things to want to spur yourself towards action. Right. Well, lemme say this. How do you keep like, 'cause you got Antisemite of the year or whatever decade, or I don't remember what it was. Yeah. But like, like, 'cause I, I'm, I don't like what Israel, like their space in Gaza. Right. Like that to me just like, seems super tyrannical. But didn't they just come up with a thing today about the ICC?


They can't prosecute Netanyahu. Yeah. Because he runs shit. Is that today? Yeah. He's Like the ultimate grand gangster. He's like, even when they catch him doing the crimes and we created this court for exactly what it did, they said, you can't do this. Then they say, well, just can't cancel the courts. Imagine being like that much of a worldwide gangster. It's crazy. Right. And I wish they would just say, look, we're still letting everybody be gangsters, because that's what I don't like about the media. A lot of times. I agree. There's this thing, it's like we all need to look out for each other and we need like climate change and we need to make sure that everybody has a safe place to urinate and all those things. Which yeah, I think all those things are important or worth discussion.


But at the same time, you'll have countries that are still playing this Fidel Castro type of role. So it's like, why do we keep saying all these little things are important, but you can just say, Hey, we're still in colonial or we're still in the old school days and shit is what it is. Yeah. So fucking mark off your fence yard and protect your fucking shit. Because that's what countries are doing. Like, that's how they're operating, but they're trying to create ambiance that makes us feel like we can't operate like that. Or you're a bad person if you do operate like That. Right. They're actually morally pretentious. They're, they're pretending. It's like, oh, we, we've just gotten, we're we're so dignified we would never do this. Look, if it's the rules of the jungle, it's the rules of the jungle.


Let us know. Right. That's it. That's my biggest thing. It's Illusion. It's this illusion of we're better. We would never Oh, because of World War ii, you're doing all of it. Right. You're violating every single one of these codes that you put into place. And if you're gonna do it because I'm big and you're small, then say that. So like, the small guys know what's up. It's the rules of the jungle. That's my thing. I just want to know what the rules are. If America is owned by China and Israel and Taiwan, just tell me that. Let me know. Like I, because at a wa at a certain point, you know, you, if you keep, you know What you're talking about by the way, there's a term for, it's called royal politicking. Royal Politicking. Yeah.


So I, I did, that's All I want. I just wanna know A foreign policy paper. It's like I'd rather know that we're working with cartels in South America 'cause we are. Right? Yeah. And like That's cool. CIA like whatever, just, but just like Please stop the pretentious. Oh, you're favorite. Oh Yeah. That's softing. That's The American government. It's the scoffing. We would never Yes, you would. Yes you have. And yes you are. Yeah. And people that know real politicking, Let me look at real politicking. Yeah. Is the approach of conducting diplomatic or political policies based primarily on considerations of given circumstances and factors rather than strictly following ideological moral or ethical premises. Right. And so if they're like, yeah, here's the thing. Cartels are getting big in the south and so Yeah. Morally we shouldn't work with the cartels.


But also if we let the cartels keep growing and El Chappo keep growing, then you know what, then Mexico could become stronger than us. So we're gonna do deals with the cartel. Yeah. Like that's real politic. Right. Or Say, yeah, we're part Israel is a we are partners to the end and this is how it is. Yeah. The problem is, I think you used to be able to do that, but the news decided to not be the news anymore. It decided to be like not real, you know? Well, because the CIA purchased them. Right. And that's a fact. Again, you could pull this up so that we can conspiracy theory. What is Operation Mockingbird? The CIA after JFK was shot, which is just the fact look, please look it up. 'cause I'm gonna sound crazy if you don't look up Operation Mockingbird.


But everything happens after JFK gets shot. I'm Never gonna work again. But let's look it up. It's fine. No Operation. This is, this is on Wikipedia, so we're not even like, we're not on Reddit feeds here. You know what I mean? Everything I'm showing you is on Wikipedia. So it means like they've admitted it Operat alleged, alleged, here we go. Scale Program, program At the United, United States Central Intelligence Agency that began in the early years of the Cold War, attempted to manipulate domestic American news media organizations for propaganda purposes. And where were they from? 1963? They're at the bottom. So it's just a group of Americans? No, the CIA just paid, paid American journalists to say what they want to Operation Mockingbird. Right. So that you and I are taking money from the ccia A this would be the theory. And they're paying we journalists. You mean us? Yeah. We're journalists. They're paying us write the articles. And so then our job is to be like gaslight the American people.


So let's say the CCIA was involved in shooting JFK. Right. Okay. Well that kind of is what I believe as a conspiracy theorist, but I don't listen to me. I'm a conspiracy theorist. I believe Ccia was involved. And so the next thing you have to do, if the population's freaking out, what's going on? What's going on? Oh, okay. They start putting journalists on payroll and they're supposed to gaslight you and be like, this is a closed case. The matter has been closed. JFK tripped and fell. And that's how he died. And anybody saying anything else is a conspiracy theorist. Also a fun fact, the term conspiracy theorist was created by the CIA. It's literally a gaslighting, it's a word that's used to gaslight you. And so I've fallen in love with going back and learning real history and recognizing that these public school classrooms, which I grew up in, were meant to program me.


Right. And socially engineer me. And so to find like historians, if you wanna know why people react the way that they do when Tucker has on like a Darryl Cooper or somebody that's deep in a can tell you more about World War II and, and more about World War I, whatever it is, is because they are the mockingbirds. Right. They, they are freaking out because this is now failing. There's never been any indication that Operation Mockingbird has ended. In fact, it, it is known that Barack Obama Reinstituted Project Mockingbird. And so you have to know these things. You have to, how do you know that it's, you can look it up, project Mockingbird Obama. But did you write the article that's out there? No, I'm not. They would never let me be an adiam. I'm, I want anti-Semite of the Year.


There's No way they're letting me do anything ever on like anything government stuff. You know, they've, they've put me on the a DL list. They've tried to smear and libel me into like a ridiculous way to make it. I mean, they say I'm literally Adolf Hitler. I'm Adolf Hitler. I'm the new, I'm the new, I'm the second coming. I've read somewhere. Well at least they casted a black Hitler this time. I feel like that's cool, right? Like that's good for DEI or whatever. Here's, here's my, here's my question. I'm so nice. I can't get that. I'm way too pregnant. I need a break. This is crazy. A break. No, you're alright. I just need a break. This is too much for my brain today. Yeah, but how do you keep, how do you keep, like how do you keep your Jewish friends but have issues with like Israel and stuff like that.


How do you manage that? I haven't, Not even one Jewish friendship has ended because it's, it's very weird. Like the, the purpose of these advocacy groups And Jewish agents set this up today too. I want to know. Yeah. But that's the point. Once you know people, they're not gonna fall. You think my be I grew up in a very Jewish town. I grew up just outside of New York City and all my best friends growing up were Jewish. Just happened to be the way that it was. And so, like, you're not gonna convince them, these people that, like I was at their Rosh Hashanah dinner. Like I know, like I know Jewish prayers and the Jewish families that I worked for in New York overnight, that Candace turned into Alo Adolf Hitler. Like that actually is being sold. Oh, that's a good point. Which is like, they're not gonna buy that. You know what I mean? So it's, it's stupid. But the other thing is that they haven't yet worked through I think this new generation of smear tactics.


Like the people that are employing it now, people like Barry Weiss, they haven't quite figured out that once people have a platform that's big, like if people are watching your show every single day, and I say actually Theo Vaughn is an avowed racist. Like he is the second coming of whoever, you know, he just wants slavery back. You're not just condemning Theo Von you're condemning the millions of people that listen to him. And they get mad because they know you're basically, they're gonna be like, I listen to a show every day. What you talking about? Like, he, he says raisins. Are you, you like raisins? 'cause they're grapes that have been through shit. That's a Theo Von quote. Yeah. I would never do slavery, dude. I can barely, I have fucking three employees I can barely handle. Right. But if I had advocacy groups and tons of money, I could just be like, write articles that say Theo Bond hates black people.


Okay, we could do it. But at the end of the day, people that listen to you know better and they get angry, all it does is is it, it breaks them away from trusting the mainstream media more. 'cause they are listening to you every day. Absolutely. So I have the confidence in my followers. They know me, they know who I am. I don't hate anybody. I just hate liars. And they come in all different shapes and sizes and races and religions. You can find a I can you can find you a liar anywhere. So. Yeah. Well I do think, 'cause there's also a lot of great things that I see, like in like a lot of Jewish families, they value education, right? They invest in their children. Those are like some of the things that they do super well. They work together. Right. Like a lot of Jewish guys that I know, they'll connect you with another Jewish guy to work, work with or something, you know, like they help their group, you know, and that's something that I feel like other groups could learn how to do as well.


You know? Yeah. That's something that I think a lot of people And mean, I was, I learned my work ethic. I got from two Jewish men. I worked in private equity for four and a half years. Oh really? Yeah. And that's why I always Municipal Bonds, Not municipal bonds, private equity, equity. I got into some, it's going pretty. I mean, it is it, you know, it's What do you mean it's going good? It's set set percent. Yeah. So, but they, they pretty much like, you know, you can't live in New York City and hate Jews. They're literally everywhere. But that, that's kind of been one of the worst things about the politicizing of this is exactly what you're talking about. My perception of Jewish people is having, being someone who grew up in New York, that they work hard, they grind, you know, they fight, they love, you can get into an argument with them. They don't take themselves seriously.


Can say whatever and then be out to dinner. And to see the, the branding of that now, like this like victim mentality. I don't recognize this. This like whiny, like what do you mean victim mentality? Well now when, when everything become political it becomes like the DC version and it version, and this is why I also hated the BBL M because black people are like very funny, have a good sense of humor. You, you can always just like make a joke. And that's kind of like that, that's what our culture is. And then BLM turned black people into like, victims like racism's everywhere. And it's in the way that that person's braiding their hair. It's the form of whatever they're learning in school. Weird terms, cultural appropriation. And I'm like, it turns into wimps. Like this was our, our cool thing was we were funny and we could take a joke and mock people for being, you know, yeah.


White, redneck Chinese. Like, that's the cool thing. And when you remove that and then suddenly like, it's like hysteria and you're like, I'm a victim and everybody's in it. It's like, you're not fun anymore, you suck. And I hate you because you suck. Not because of your race, whether you're black Jewish or, or white, you know? Yeah. I mean, I think America just has, America is just, I mean, we still haven't even dealt with, I think the trauma from like the Native Americans that were in our land. I think we still have a lot of like, like repairing to do, you know, I think we we're still repairing. We just need more comedians. I don't care about your feelings, I just wanna make fun of you. Please. Can we all just make fun of each other? If you go back to like, that's why I say the nineties. Oh yeah. That shit was great. Yeah. And Chris Rock was up on stage and he's just making fun of you for every issue you have.


And by the time you walk out of there, you're all laughing at each other and you realize that your shit stinks and your dog does poop. Ma'am. You know? Oof. Do you think, I know that lady scoffed at me when I fell outta that chair at the inauguration. She's like, oh, oh. Like I had fucking, like I was a fart that had come out of her, oh, look at this gross, this thing from steerage that climbed up here somehow. This thing that would never get in a lifeboat on the Titanic. You know, that kind of fucking Oh yeah. When I fell outta that chair at the inauguration that was doing, what else do I wanna ask you about? Okay, so you have, let's get in.


I can't even handle anything else serious right now. You have, you have a conspiracy theory about Jit Macron, right? Or it's a conspiracy theory. And look, I, I was a, I was, we were one of the first podcasts that had Bobby Kennedy on because he's a friend of mine, right? So he came on and he even said, dude, I don't know if I should be on. Right? And then fast forward three years later, five years later, and he is, and now those people are like, Bobby's the fucking man. You know? So I understand like, you know, conspiracy theories and, and also just being brave to have somebody on, like, I was like, some people might be afraid to have Candace Owens on. I was like, I want to be, I don't want anybody telling me that I can or can't talk to somebody.


Like that to me feels really good. Now I'll, I, I'll, I'll, I'll admit probably I'm not the best at in this conversation of like, some of the topics I probably get scared or I don't know enough information. Right. But that's always something that I kind of struggle with. And so sometimes I let things be said where it's like, I don't fact check 'em, but sometimes I just forget, you know? I'm not a fucking wizard either, you know? I, I don't even know what the fuck I'm doing. So I work hard at it though. You fucking better believe that people are like, you know what the fuck you're doing? I'm like, yeah, but I'll be there every fucking day. That's exactly who I am. That's why people Like you're, I never Figure it out. What? I never figured It out. You're exceptional at being average. Like average meaning like relatable. Oh thanks. Yeah.


That is what you're exceptional at is people feel like they can listen to you and they can understand that. They can think with you. And I think we've disrupted, and I'm putting myself in this same box here, like we've disrupted this model of lecturing the listeners that they had going on for years. We are CNN we know, we will tell you What to think. But you feel like you get lecture though. No, not on my show. Do you watch my podcast? I've seen your podcast before. No, I'm just having fun Now. You do come off with a lot of information. Yeah. And you get creative and you get, you create like these Timelines and stuff. I'm a psycho, I'm a woman, you knows. Good point. That's between you, us too. Like we, I'm a woman, so like, it's gotta be organized.


I gotta be like, yeah, like the kids Sky guy gotta put their clothes out. And the i and the same thing for my podcast. I'm like, let me tell you what happened. Look at this timeline. Taylor, have you faced Swift faced legal issues? Have you been sued? I have been sued. I have indeed been sued, but have I been beat in a lawsuit? No. And do you, do you have to have a lawyer on staff? No, but I have a lawyer that is like on the, he's basically my friend. Like he, he is just, he's become like a brother, you know, like we get all sorts of crazy letters. We get much more threats to be sued in terms of like actual lawsuits. I've only gone two court with two people, you know, one, one them both, so, Hmm.


Yeah, I was just curious. And what about cybersecurity? I, I noticed that you had this, you have this Bridgette Macron who is the wife of the president of France, his name is Emmanuel Macron. And one thing that's interesting about them is they have an age difference, right? How many years is it? How many years do they tell people? Or how many years is it actually? Wow. That's how it goes. But You, if you haven't watched the series, I mean, there's a reason it's going. Absolutely. I've watched two episodes of the series. It's crazy. It's cr this is not like, this is wasn't nothing. And I wanna be clear, I wasn't the one who ha I happened upon this because I'm one of these rare birds because I'm nosy that if I see something happening in, in another country, I will take the time to pick it up in the foreign language and then interpret it into English and to try to read and understand it.


And most people just will be like, I don't really care. It's happening in France, it's happening in Romania, it's happening wherever. I just make time. I get interested. And so Savannah, who's my manager, remembers the night at the UFC fight where I found the reporting on this. And actually the way it popped up was like the Daily Mail actually did a piece on jit cro. It was just funny to me because they were like, Emmanuel Macron, you know, angrily denies the rumors. His wife's a man and he was like all stressed out and was like, it's not true. It's not true. And I'm like, I was just like, what the heck is going on in France like that? Like the president has to come out and make a statement on this at all. Well this is a story that's come up over the years. Like this is yeah, alleged an alleged thing, but What was weird about the Daily Mail piece, but In 10 minutes, can you gimme what, how, what is going on here?


Yeah. So what what was about the Daily Mail piece is that they didn't debunk what the people were saying. And this should be such an easy thing to debunk. Like if you were like, can Owen as a man and never grew up, you know, in Stanford, I'd be like, year book, year book, year book year book year book. Here's me and my family. She's like, it's such an easy thing to debunk. Like why is this going on for years? And so that's what caught my attention, looked into it. And 1000%, she was born a man, lived as a man for 30 years, you know, and then transitioned at some time in the eighties. What are you worried about getting in trouble for Slander bus saying that I, I have welcomed the lawsuit. I mean, Eli Emmanuel Macron sent me a threat before we published and we went back to him. Did he Sign it or Whatever? Mm, it was his lawyers. Oh, it'd be cool if he signed it. And so yeah, he sent the threat and the way that it works in Tennessee, you know, first and foremost we have the good old boys here.


So I said to him like, this is not the state to come and try your little hoopy flute, French, Parisian, whatever it is. Like, you know, you, if you're messing around with kids, this is not the place, this is not the place for you. Secondly, like if well Who was messing around with the kids, the wife then Well, yeah, that's what we're calling. And so Bridgette you're saying is a male Biological believe Was a male or is a male. Well you can't really change those things in my world. But what lives as lives as a woman, clearly Okay. Lives as a woman now. Yeah. I would've never thought that she was a man. And so anyways, the story really is just like, you know, lib is a dude transitioned, met Emmanuel when he was just 14 years old. Okay. So she was a woman when they met. You're saying Living as a woman, early days, like not as living a woman look had, didn't, hadn't had all like the feminization surgery.


I can even tell you her doctor's name. Oh, you're saying, so she was just kind of fresh out the Growing the hair out, like Yeah. Starting to like live as a woman. Yeah, Just like fresh out the Lord and Taylor kind of, And he, that was his drama teacher and he was only 14 years old. Is Lord Taylor a women's store? It's both. It is. I Think it's outta business though. It is A bad reference then. And so, and then, yeah, she was this drama teacher. He was 14 and And she was how old? 40. Nuh I swear that's, and that's like official, like that's like, they don't, they don't deny that. So wait, so they're, they're they're their 26 year age difference. My parents were 32 years age difference. So I can't really, you Know, 14-year-old.


Well now here, my, my parents didn't meet until my mom was 30. So that's my point. It's very different. Okay. So that's Interesting. Age difference about if you're 30, if you become an adult and you wanna whatever, I don't really care. Like if you wanna be a 30-year-old man, you know, a 30-year-old woman marrying a 7-year-old man, it's not my business. You're both adults and usually there's some like financial consideration, whatever, but 14-year-old boy doesn't Dowry maybe A dowry. Yeah. For a 14-year-old boy is just weird. And so the media just kind of tried to sell it and Yeah, I just kind of looked at the story, went through it, there was so much evidence and there was a reason they, they started locking. They're like locking up journalists. Like, just so you know, they started arresting people. You don't do that. Really? You don't do that because someone's lying. You know what I'm Saying? Look that in a separate window. Look that up and then bring it up.


I'm gonna see this in 1993, at the age of 39, she met Bridgette Macron met the 15-year-old Emmanuel Macron in LA High School. And That's a lie. Oh, he was 14 when he was in the play. 'cause they told the story about what play he was in. So the journalist went back and they were like, he was 14 when he was in his play. Okay. So it was like just little media. So one lives, So one year until 7% of his life though, at that point. So it is, it's a decent amount. And everything sounds romantic when you're reading all this stuff too. Where she was a teacher and was a student and classmate of her daughter Rajit, divorced Oz year in 2006 and married Macron in 2007. Wow. So they really fell into something in December, 2021. Natasha Ray and Amanda Roy broadcast unsubstantiated rumors online that JIT had never existed.


That her brother, Jean Michel Shrug no, had changed gender and started using that name. So what does this mean? So What what they had done was what they started to do, and I show this in my series, is to make the mainstream media convince you that it was all a lie. They were suing people for defamation and winning. And so they were like, obviously it's not true, but they were lying about why they were winning the defamation claim. So they were never winning on the substance like you transitioned. They'd wait for someone to make a mistake of like, you know, not Brat Macron as a man, but they said that Brat Macron went to law Provence High School and like, or like, you know, Bridgette Macron's uncle was this. And then they would go and slap them with a defamation lawsuit. I see. And be able to prove it. They made a mistake somewhere else and the the press would just lie and pretend that like, well they would would tell you half a truth.


Like they did get sued for defamation, but it wasn't regarding whether or not she was a man. But isn't it just love that they lo I mean, I I so you, the part you're saying that's so obtuse is the fact that you felt like they were groomed Kind of, yeah, because if somebody who is a man or woman falls in love with somebody else, that's okay. That's fine. But this wasn't that. And it's also because you can't then misrepresent yourself as like a Catholic, a strong Catholic who's leading a country. People vote for reason. So if you wanna be an open transgendered person who likes 14-year-old boys and you decide to run and a country elects you, cool. You know, that's their business. Now What age did they get married at? They didn't get married when he was a child? No, they got married in 2007.


Which is why when he was how old? Way older. Well then that's kind of No, but they were together. They were not like, oh, they were together the whole time. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they are basically like, she fell in love and couldn't resist anymore. Then he went to a school and they tried to romanticize it. But there's a lot more that went on here. Like, I mean, there's a ton of people around them that have then been arrested for crimes. And this is all crimes pedophile stuff You're saying? Crimes. No, it's like, these are the, I, I mean I only presented the facts because he sent me a legal threat. Okay. Like, don't publish this series sort of a thing. And we, we went back at him and we said, Mr. Mr. Macron, we won't publish a single episode if you just answer this question. What you know. And we gave him 21. What was the question? 21 yes or no questions? The first one. Oh yeah. First one was Jit Macron born a biological male.


Right? They came back and refused to answer. They said that she, they don't owe you an answer. Now that's stupid. If you're gonna tell me if this is causing you so much distress and defamation, of course the laws are, if, if, if somebody tries to get the true answer from you, you can't sue for defamation. That's how it works in America. And so, but I could see somebody being like, oh, this is so problematic. But if I engage with it, it becomes even more problematic. But if you're sending a hundred page letter, honey, you're already engaging. Okay. So they sent me a letter first, so it's a ridiculous, and then they said like, you know, emotional distress, all this stuff. Well, we said, okay, let's end this. We're not interested in conspiracy theories. We'll end this. You tell us, did Jit Macron live as a man named Jean-Michel tr No. Yes or no? They refuse to answer. You know, I'm like, okay, so what is it? You can't, can't have both ways.


If you want this to come to an end, I have the platform to end that I will say, we looked into the story, here are the responses we got. It's definitively not true. Would you do that? You think? Of course I would've done that. It doesn't, it doesn't like help my platform to be caught in a lie. Right. Then people will lose trust in me. You know what I'm saying? Right. So if they find out that I knowingly lied and she wrote and said, you know, no, I never lived as this person. Whatever I, that would reflect poorly on me. Right. You know? Yeah. I can't tell. If I think of like would I, if that happened when you engage or would you not engage, what would you do there? Because it has to be, I mean, it's such a murder mystery kind of thing. You know, like a series Is fun. God, it's very, and since it's French, they have all the stuff. You can't pronounce that good.


I can't pronounce any of it. Ugh. I love that shit Dude. And now I'm doing the Harvey series, which is going to, people don't look crazy. You have a news. But now you Had Hadda series though that also was about, it was about Kamala Harris's Genealogy. Genealogy. How did that end? Because you're your, the theory was what? Oh, she's just not black. The whole theory started by accident. She just like, like and I say she, I meant the mainstream media just came for Janet Jackson and you can't come for the Jackson family. Yeah. You know, like I grew up in a black household. You gotta, you kind of Look, you look at Jackson a little. Thank You. Oh my gosh. Thank you. Stop shaking, Shake. God it would be good. Wow. I'm just gonna eat up.


I'm just gonna that compliment. I'm just gonna let that hit. Yeah, Thank you. That'd be awesome. Candace Owens investigates, Kamala Harris' claims about her black heritage. Particularly focusing on a photograph Harris shared in her book where she posed with a woman, Harris said was her Grandmother. It was not her grandmother and It was not. And you found that out for true. Yeah, we ended up finding, I just knew and it was just like a vibe, like, oh, I see some of these things you just know, like you just, you can't explain it. Like when you're black, you just know certain things. You know, like a fisherman, he's another fisherman in the wild sort of a thing. Oh yeah. And I was Just, Oh yeah, black people can tell if you're not black Dude. Yeah. We just kind of know. Except for Mac McClung who won three slam dunk titles in a row. Dude who did? So M McClung. Who's he? And he's just the, he's the slam dunk champion.


He's won the three dunk competitions in a row in the NBA. And you can't tell what I'm just saying. Usually you can tell if a guy's culturally appropriating or not. Right. But this dude is just, he just has it. Is he black? Nope. Oh, I thought you were saying we He's actually black. I was like, But he could, could be drinking black blood or something. I have no idea. He's obviously, He's obviously drinking black blood. I think we, we can, we can go ahead and say that right? He's got more bunnies in the zoo. Dude, That guy is just crazy. Okay. But go back. So Yeah, so the Kamala Chronicles just happened by accident. 'cause I was like, there's nothing about her that just signals to me that she's black. And she was kind of running on being black. And then we started our series and she dropped it. She would not say she was black again. She would not answer. Oh yeah, she never said it again.


Never called herself the first black. Nothing. They stopped it immediately. 'cause they, I just realized they like come out with these books and people just don't ever actually prod the narrative. And there was a ton of things that weren't making sense. And so we got in touch with her uncle and he was like, Nope, that person's not related to me. Nope. He was like, I, it was crazy. I just got, now that's me. I get like, I'll get into the weeds. And so what were the fin, what was the final founding on that? Did you come to a conclusion? Yeah, she's, I mean she's mixed her but she's not black. And so running as a first black person was just completely crazy. She's not mixed black. Like she's, She's no black at all. You're saying? She's Indian. Her Indian, Syrian Jew and Irish.


So she's un black then She's Un black. Wow. Yeah. And she was running on like a black thing. That's what you're saying, huh? Yeah. And it's tough because you don't, you can't see if somebody, I mean I guess they should have like a black database or something, but I don't even, how much would that cost? We Just know. Yeah. We just know. And maybe as a, as a black person, you do just know. Yeah. And these are series, right? You have one about Kamala up one about Brige and now the one that we're doing is the Harvey Wine. The Harvey Weinstein files. Harvey Weinstein files. And did he, somebody said that he emailed you from prison or something? No, it actually started, there was a random woman who had reached out to me and basically said, you know, you're the only person that I think that would actually look into this case beyond the media. And I'll be honest, like when I, when they first contacted me, I was like convinced he was guilty 'cause like how could, there was just so many people that were saying that he did this or that and I'm like, someone somewhere has to be telling the truth.


And then when I got into the actual, after speaking to him, which was like a crazy conversation. You spoke to Harvey? Yeah, I've been speaking to Harvey for years now and it was a crazy conversation because there was no reason we have nothing in common. Like Harvey first and foremost is like the number one donor to the A DL. I'm like on their list, like yeah, he's huge democratic donor, I'm Republican. And so, and he's still all of those things, which is like when we had our first conversation he was just sort of like, who are you? Like why do you exist? Like why is someone, Did you reach out to him? No, that person put us on the phone. I guess. I guess she was kind of lobbying him being like, you need to have someone who's an independent journalist look at hiss case like, or it's never gonna get a fair shake in the media because they have you as like, you know, the devil.


So that was like a super interesting conversation. And we still have nothing in common. But I am very good at being nuanced. And a lot of people, if you don't like Trump then you are okay. If he's wrongfully convicted, they, they pick people's character and decide that they're okay with whatever happens to them. And I'm kind of the opposite where I will be very nuanced and say like, Harvey was immoral. Harvey was cheating on his wife. Harvey was abusing his power as you know, the guy in Hollywood. I do not believe after looking at the case that he's, he has been, I do believe that he's been wrongfully convicted. And so it actually, as I was looking into this, he, his case in New York got overturned on appeal. And so he's, so it's gonna be interesting to see what happens.


But he definitely, he knows where all the bodies are buried in Hollywood too. So he was an interesting guy to piss off because he was the phone call. You know, he's the, he was the one phone call every Alister made when they got themselves into trouble too. And they all turned on him because he Was kinda like the closer over there, the Siriano or whatever. And, and when the me Too movement happened, I think men were scared. So a lot of them turned on him because what other option did you have? They had woman after woman after woman coming out and Oh yeah. Men could not stand up in that environment when it first happened. And So I think a lot of them turned on him because they just were, it was self basic, self-preservation. Oh I checked my penis in the hospice. I remember it was just a tough time for guys.


Yeah, you were afraid to shake dude tans. I remember that You were afraid to even be like it was scary and you would try to speak up for friends that you didn't think did something or that you did and then like you would just be bastardized online. Like I remember there was like famous like celebrities who would like tag me and other friends in tweets and be like they knew everything. Just shit. Like what are you fucking taught you? We do not know. You know, just but crazy shit. Time and careers were being ended like on a blink of a tweet. Yeah. She'd be like, he looked at me funny and they would be like, he's no, he stepped down from the corporation today. I'm like over the tweet, what's happening here? It was wild times.


I always stood up against the me Too movement. I was very adamantly against it, vocal against it and people on the left and the right condemned me for it. For my stance on. On me too. Mm. I think the me Too pro, I think it was definitely got everything goes overboard, right? It's outta out of control. I mean we need due process that's like, you can't just tweet something and say Theon did this and then he loses everything. You gotta actually have due process and oh, You'd see male animals hitchhiking down 65 be like, I gotta get outta this town. What do you fucking do? Like it's just fucking, it's getting hot in the kennel brother. Yeah, It was crazy. But yeah, So I think, I think me doing this is because now that everyone's done a, you know, snorting the Me Too lines and it is coming down from the high, it's good to be like, hey, so you remember when we were like doing that thing and everyone was just kind of saying everyone was guilty on the basis of an allegation.


Let's actually go back and look at one of these cases and You look at Harvey Weinstein case, I Believe it's the case. Believe it is the the case. And You believe he was Innocent? I believe he was wrongfully convicted. I don't wanna say Harvey Weinstein is a moral or an innocent man. 'cause that sounds like I'm saying he behaved well and, but there is a difference between being immoral and being a person who abuses their power and being a person who was running the peninsula, like his own personal brothel and being a cold-blooded rapist. And So I want to show people what, 'cause I was shocked opening these documents and text messages and emails and reading what these women were saying after their rapes. And like, you know, there's a certain way that I would speak to my rapist and that is not at all. Right. Right.


And so some of these, and Is a lot of this stuff public domain? No, because the media would not report on it. And it's so similar to what we saw with this like whole Blake Lively thing going on where once they drop the article, the New York Times removes context. Like it's like okay well if we had had those messages that she sent to Justin Baldoni, people would not have instantly tried to cancel Justin bald. 'cause they would've said, oh this needs context and now it's time. We're now in the era of context. So we need to go backwards and look at that most crucial case. 'cause that was the beginning of it all. And he took the fall for the Me Too movement. And he's still a very powerful person. Like it was like we have gotten into it. Like I'm just like arguing in prison with Harvey Weinstein and you can see who he is and who he was.


But I just believe in justice. If, if I hate you, I will still defend you if I think you're wrongfully convicted. I hated Matt Lauer and I was like, come on guys calling him a rapist. 'cause he had an affair with his intern. I mean women are just all always so hopeless. Why even hire an intern? Yeah, I know. So I mean, but the men get powerful. That's a joke too. Yeah, that's A joke I think. Yeah. And that's For men now though, I mean like what is the incentive to hire women after the Me Too era if we don't go back and course correct? I would be scared. I will say this as a guy, I was afraid to bring female comics on the road because it was spooky. Yeah. And you would be like, well what if One wrong joke? Right? What if I look at them a certain way? I mean I'm in, I'm in like we just did a movie at Friend End, my mine and I just self-funded our own film and put it together and everything.


And so we just got done doing it and I was like, oh, oh on set. I was like, oh I gotta be can't joke around. Gotta be careful what you're saying. Or I would yell out, that's a joke. Right? If I was, if I said something that I thought might be obtuse, you know, And that's what I mean. That's not fun. Like it's like we need to go back to being able to like make fun of women. And also by the way, the end result. Women don't like that. We don't like men that are castrated and men that now won't ask women on dates, men that won't hit on women. So we created a whole culture and now women are frustrated by the culture. Everyone's a wimp, you know? Good point. It's like, okay cool. Ask her out, tell her she looks nice and guess what girls, you can just say no I'm not into you.


Like he can suffer the humiliation of thinking he Had Hadda chance. But why are we ruining like natural relations between men and women? Like it's nice for guys to hold doors, ask you out, make you feel pretty and Yeah. Get you a chocolate or something. Yeah, yeah, definitely When I was young. Yeah. You give a girl a chocolate or something. Take a girl out for a fish filet or whatever. Yeah. For McDonald's. No. Like a real one or whatever. Mm. Dude my mommy used to order the fish filet something. She would fucking I So what's what's your, I need to know what's your meal at McDonald's? I judge everybody by this, so be very careful. Me, I do a double hamburger, which isn't on the menu, but you can get it. Yeah, I get with pickles and Ketchup. Do you add any big Mac sauce to that? No. I don't know who's making it back there.


It depends. Okay. If Big Mac himself is back there, I, yeah, I'll Take, that's an okay order. I mean it's not fun but like it's okay. Yeah, It's, it's kind of sad though. But I'll tell you this. I used to get two milks with it. Milks? Yeah. What in the theon world, Right? What? Oh hell yeah. Boy. What? Two milk? See me in the streets. You don't know me. I'm the ti a fucking Mickey D's order baby. Look at that little milk jug right there. And that's what they used to call my sister La milk Jug. He's the only person that's ever, that's what we used to call my sister Little milk show because Anybody she built like that, she built like that. Click on the third one right there. Nobody in the history of McDonald's ever got the milk jug.


But the yvan, they kept that on the menu. Fourth, the Yvonne, you Can't order more than two. That's the crazy thing. What? Yeah, that's 11 Because they only have like 10. 'cause no one orders them. It Is So If you order more than two, they've been sitting in the freaking we Right. I'm just saying we get it how we live. Wait, stop a double cheeseburger with a double milk jug. Oh, Double milk baby. Gimme two of them. And a lady be like, you really won't do, I'd be like, yeah. And then we would laugh a little bit. I'd tip her. But yeah, that's how I like mine. Like that double milk jugg. I used to get an apple pie but I just, I don't want all that sugar anymore. But my mother, I forgot to tell you this, They beon order man that is right there.


My mother, she would let us order and then she would, she'd be like, she would order the mc fish or whatever, but she, it would almost be like she was ordering like a special, like she'd be like, they'll have this and this and this. What do you want? She'd be like, and I'll have the Mick fish. It was almost like, it was like, mm. The adult Order. Yeah. Like quiet down, let me do business. You with this Person have the M fish. Yeah. See I feel like I can't trust the mc fish that upsets me. Hell No. Mm I She has the wrong order and I'm not like, I'm not here to respect your mother, but she, I would speak to her about that. Of course you, I've never looked at an ocean and at a McDonald's and be like, yeah, these things should Know each Other. Yeah. That's so fucking, there is not a yellow brick road that connects those bitches.


But so it always blew And she would look at us as if she was disappointed. Like that's my mother would scoff some like you motherfuckers don't know about a mc fish. Fucking children whole body should be ordering the mc fish. I wanna be very clear. I agree. I like you get like a hi sea orange. It's obviously delicious. And the McMuffin, sausage, egg, and cheese and muffins. Oh, is that What you Get? Amazing. They're hash browns in the morning are fan. They're fantastic. They're absolutely fantastic. But, and you know what RFK Junior is bringing back beef Tallow. So we're gonna be able to get some beef tallow fries. That's what I heard. Who's doing it first? Shake Shack Shake. No, no, no, no. Steak and Shake. Ooh. Good for the damage. Strong. I've never had it, I've never had Steak and Shake, but I, I have no, don't even know where to find a steak and shake.


'cause I'm from the north. You'll get 'em. Have you had have Steak and Shake? No, but I say go door to door if you're Steak and Shake. I don't even, I used to sell door to door Italian with this guy for a little bit. Do you think that mainstream media has an overall goal or has had an overall goal besides just capitalism? Do you really think that I think they were just in service to the state. I think the whole idea of the fourth estate was fake. Like they weren't here to defend the people. They were here to defend the state. And at least since the sixties, that's what they've been doing. And now they are where, where, where they're right now is in survival mode. They don't know what to do. They don't have to do with the new media. They're gonna, I think they're gonna try to create backdoor ways to reacquire their talent. If you, I dunno if you follow the recent deal with Fox News Building, which is crazy.


They purchased Red Seat Ventures. Do you work with Red Seat Ventures? Rede Red Seat. So that's a no you don't work with them? No, I don't. So they were doing advertising for independent podcasters and we had spoken to them and we were just kind of like, mm, no, we kind of broke away from corporation structure. We don't really wanna, like, we wanna do everything in house sort of a thing. And then they purchased Red Seat Ventures. So they were able to kind of backdoor reacquire, Tucker Carlson, Megan Kelly, like everyone they fired, which is kind of crazy. Like really Look about how weird that is. I was, I was sitting here looking at BA steel and I'm like, didn't you just fire Tucker? And now you're like, why don't you guys just admit you were wrong? Just come out and be like, you know what, Tucker's got the juice. Oh, I see. Instead of just admitting it publicly one way they would rather lose lose.


Now they're trying to And then go back door. Yeah. So there's all these articles, Fox News's interested in the podcast world. And so seed, they they reacquired via, via just the, the the, I'm not saying that they own the Tucker Carlson podcast. They don't, but Tucker Carlson and Megan Kelly and who's the third one? Bill O'Reilly, who they literally fired all these people were all using Red Seat Ventures and Red Seeded ventures. Their pitch, because I remember that I spoke to them was kind of like, eventually all roads lead to red seeded ventures. 'cause you realize you need somebody to do your advertising deals. Like you're going independent, but you don't want to handle all the advertisers, whatever. And so they literally, yeah, if you look up, if you look up Red Seed Ventures just in Google, you'll see like the recent deal, Fox News acquired Red Seeded Ventures.


And I'm like, okay, that's, that's just, it's an interesting, it's objectively an interesting move because it kind of signals to me that you wanted to reacquire your talent. Okay. You know what I'm saying? And so Cross Corporation today announces acquisition of Red Seeded Ventures, a leading business in the creator economy that powers talent across a range of genres as they build their direct to consumer media business. Does it say what a, what talent. It works with 'em. Yeah. Scroll down. So Chris blf is the, they're the founding partners. I would go down Chris Bfi and Kevin bfi, I'm assume brothers or husbands. Yeah. Go. I would go outta PR Newswire. 'cause that's just like them writing it and they're not gonna say what talent was with it. I would go to Reuters. Yeah, they would probably have, yeah.


Oh, Reuters. Is that how you say that? You know what, I don't, I've been saying Reuters, it could not be right. But it'll will will tell you that. Like you're, It's just me at there. It's Just, yeah. So they've been, they've been interested. But like yeah, it was Tucker Carlson, Megan Kelly, and, oh, here you go. Carlson Kelly, Sean Ryan. Oh no, that's just saying that we reached millions of subscribers daily. But yeah, they had The deal brings O'Reilly Kelly, Kelly and Carl and Carlson back into Murdock fold. So I didn't like that at all for like Carlson and Kelly and O'Reilly. 'cause I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. You fired me homie. You know what I mean? Like, hold up. Let's be very clear. You shamed me publicly. You fired me. You said whatever. I wasn't a part of this, whatever it was. And now you're kind of like trying to build this little backward network.


No, you need to say you're sorry first. Wow. But I'm sure that like obviously Red seat will have Had Hadda deal with them. That will expire. And what will happen is those people just won't renew if they don't want to because they might say No, you literally fired me. Oh, I see. Do you get what I'm saying? So yeah. So they're, they're the middle guy. But I thought it was an interesting move without saying you're sorry. Trying to quire someone. Well, I do think it's interesting that some political areas have some political, some shows have become more, have slowly tried to like slurp on a more of a conservative side. Like Bill Meyer did that well over the past five, four or five years, you started to see him, like he know, he recognized like where The wind Was blowing, just Yeah. He was able to see it ahead.


Do you think America is a place that everybody is just here and you can be here and be not even supporting America? That's what's interesting to me about America. That's what I start to recognize. Like, oh, well some people are here, but they don't, they're not America first. Right. Or they may not be. Do you think America's always kind of been that and that's what it is, it's kind of this halfway house for everywhere of like, it's of the whole planet? Or do you feel like it's this other, like, you have to buy into this, you know, red, white and blue stars and stripes? What I would say is right now, America's kind of in the mis of this identity crisis. And that's in large part because it's been conditioned now by the media and the school system in partnership to kind of tell people, you should hate your country.


And the reality is most Americans never leave their country. They know nothing. They have nothing to weigh against. And they sort of blindly accept this narrative that like, we're just these bad guys who did bad things. And there's been sort of this like American shaming that's taken place and it's been effective that began to sort of snap back with Trump culture. And that's kind of what people were missing. It wasn't about when Make America Great can, it's like, allow me to just feel good as a American. Like why can't I like being American? Why can't, what's wrong with just being straight like, it, it's like we celebrate everything, but like, it, we almost started like hating normalcy, which is like a weird thing to say, but like, if you were gay, if you were anything, is something going on? Whatever, it's handicapped. It was like, yes. Yes.


And then if you were just like, yeah, I'm just like a straight white dude. It was like, ooh. Oh my gosh. What, what do you mean that's not you Queer? Then they Yell you. Yeah. You're yeah. You guys became the queers. Yeah. And so that was weird. And the American flag became this right wing symbol, which I was Like, like what's happen happening? But it was like, don't, doesn't anybody see that? Like, don't you notice like I'm, you know, like I wish there were more parties. I don't think there's enough parties that, I think it's, you can't pigeonhole people in a Republican or Democrat. Most of the time you, I don't think you'd ever be able to pigeonhole me that way. I think there should be more political parties. So we feel like you can find one that fits you because it's just this dirty Cinderella where neither one of these fucking clogs is really helping me get down the stairs anymore.


It feels like, you Know, but you're right that you said, we were saying the flag became this symbol of like, like, And, and it's like nobody else noticed that. Like, that's our country's flag. Yeah. Right. Like It's like, what's wrong with this? Yeah. Like, That's what I mean. We got crazy. We got absolutely crazy. And so we were in the midst of an identity crisis, but it was being, it was a, so it was a social engineering. It, it happened intentionally. They wanted people to feel that way. And I think now it's snapping back and we're starting to realize the problem is it are these people who are making us feel like we had nothing in common and we have a lot more in common than we don't. And so there's like, we're, and now we're going through like this period of healing, which has been nice. And we were kind of talking about this off camera where it seems like the right and the left are finding things to agree on and realizing that these caricatures of what it means to be a left beyond the left or the right were largely created by the media.


Yes. You can find very fringe people on both sides who, you know, do not defy or, or who are the stereotype. But that's not the majority of people. More majority of people just wanna go to work, have a job, have low gas prices, live In a safe place, Live in a safe place. It's not that hard. Right? Yeah. Right. It's, yeah, it's called Nashville. But I will say this, I think yeah, if you have an idea, right, that you think, well, we have to get rid of this group of people, or these people aren't, well, that is never gonna be America, right? America's always, I mean like, when it comes to like races and ethnicities, right? It's all, it's just, it's gonna be a melting pot. Right? So you always have to think with the goal at the end is that everybody's gonna be here.


Yeah. I mean, but also we should be clear. Like, I, not everybody should be here if they don't appreciate what it means to be an American. I agree. You should, You should not be allowed to be here. Like there is, like, if you have resentment for America and at the same time you want to come to America, we have a problem. But then people say you have the freedom to think and feel whatever you want, right? Yeah. You also have the freedom to stay in your own country. Right? That's cool. You can hate America. But we need to have a process where people that resent America are not coming into America. Like we do have a value system. Like America was founded on Christian principles and things of that nature, and they were like, no, there's nothing You can be whatever. It's like, no, you, you, you can't be whatever actually, you can't just be whatever and come to America.


You know, maybe you and I have that privilege. We were born here that if we get angry at our country, we can voice that. But, But you could be Muslim or yes, Taiwan, you could be Right. But if you're coming here and we're able to decide whether or not we want you to be here, these things now, we need to make sure that culturally, whatever it is that you believe and whatever your ideas are, however you view America, that now becomes relevant. We need to have a system that works. Yeah. I do think it would be not, but then it's like, how do you get into that without communism though? Jap, look at Japan. You know, look at Japan. Japan is, let's be very clear. It's, it's, we are the only country that has this idea that everyone should come here. It's insane, obviously, because that doesn't work. Oh, I agree. I agree. It's like America gets held in the media, like, you know, like we be welcoming and do this and do that.


But then meanwhile, other countries get to be, have followed their letter to the law. Right. And we're held by our own media a lot of times to this ridiculous, fucking ridiculous standard. Why don't we have a letter to our law? Right. You know, we should all at least have the common ground that America is first, whether we like some things about it or don't like some things about it. Because if not, it feels like you're just one of the ops, you know? Right. And multiculturalism doesn't actually work. And I hate to tell people that. I know. It's like a fluffy dream. It doesn't work like you have to have. What do you mean by that? You have to have a culture. Like there are like certain cultures that cannot coincide with one another. Right? So like, let's say for example, your culture believes that, you know, children should be able to make decisions about their sexuality.


Right. That it actually conflicts with my culture. And So I actually do not want you into my, in my country, I don't. And Well, you may not want that person making the law, but they're welcome to be in their house and think and feel however they want. Well, no, I'm talking about like, people that believe that like a, like a 9-year-old girl can have sex with, you know, an adult milk. It's like, that just conflicts with our culture, Right? I agree. Right. So we well we, we don't believe in that. And so what this whole idea of multiculturalism is, no matter what you think we can find a home and you can kind of build your own nest here, it's like, no, actually I'm comfortable with us saying you can't do that. I'm comfortable with, we're gonna send you the front lines because of your opinions. You know what I mean? And you gotta go fight some more. And yeah, it's complex with no helmets.


And so that's what it is. We have to, we have to define what it is that we believe. And it's been increasingly difficult because people are forgetting. Just a couple of generations ago, we, what we agreed on in America, our parents were religious. You know, you forget that. Like what is the story of the south? Like what is the story of the Bible belt? Why is it called the Bible Belt? You know? Well, I I mean then that goes to a question. Do you think America is a Christian nation? Yes. Do you think it, or do you think it's more of a moral nation? And do you think that that's eroding? I mean, I think some of that could be a whole nother conversation. Probably. No. Yeah. It could be another conversation. But I think America was, is a Christian nation that has fought, has forgotten that in many ways and forgotten why we were so much more cohesive and comprehensive when we had faith at the center of what we did.


And when, once we started removing faith, and I'm talking about removing the Bible from the classroom, which was done in the early seventies, if I'm correct, department of education and kind of a thing. People got lost real quick. And So I, I guess I, what, I guess what I'm arguing for is, is a theocracy, which means you're gonna run it A theocracy. 'cause I'm theo. Yeah. Damn, dude. I fucking, I'm gonna miss this taxi I ordered in a little bit. I don't know if I can handle all that. Dude. We need a theocracy. Yeah. You know, I do think that, I do like, there was something nice about having structure in the schools, but then a lot of that got challenged. Yeah. I think it is. Like, I think America does need to figure out, well, what is our footprint?


You know, like, who are we? What do we want to stand up for and believe in? And believe? These are the things that define our country. I Believe that we're a Christian nation and we, that used to be a thing, like before the flag became racist, we were all saying one nation under God, God. And then we began, we became this nation that was one nation, like over God. Like people are become their own gods. We're worshiping Hollywood. It's like crazy. We become like a pagan culture. Well, Hollywood is, you know, it's celebrity. It has those things that are addictive, you know? And I think a lot of that is, It's demonic, you know, and the Bible will tell you all of those things about idolatry. Kids would've been learning that, you know, I grew up learning the Bible. Well, that's demonic. Well what, what is, what is a demon? Right? If you have, you, you speak often about like used to have addictions and things like that.


And when, when I grew up in a household, people, people in my family still have, you know, addiction issues. It, it's a demon, you know? Well, h Hollywood gets p it gets pinpointed a lot because it's the glossy thing too. It's Babylon. Yeah. It's the, yeah. So I think they, they Love the culture of excess ev everything that the Bible tells us not to celebrate, it's like, becomes like the thing. And that's why it's a Hollywood Babylon. You know? It's like they're trying to stay young forever. That's weird. Like, why don't you wanna age? You know? Like they're look at and they look crazy. Well, Everybody wants to be fresh. I Think you wanna be fresh, but like, I'm not afraid of aging. Like I'm not like, I think it's, look at these one, they look terrifying and they're holding and stretched and it's like, dude, you could just be 80.


You know? Oh yeah. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Somebody look like a damn dough or something. That's me. Yeah. Yeah. You look like somebody put a couple eyes in a like Carrying after yourself is in A pizza dough or whatever. Yeah. T's glued a damn sna on a pizza. D crazy Lips. These girls are 22 looking like they're 50 Now. That's, dude, I'll say this, I seen a girl, right? Her lips looked like they were getting ready to be like, they'd been in a burn. Like just like inflated probably six, maybe 14 PS high or whatever. And it's like, what are we fucking doing? And if you kiss somebody like that, it feels insane. And then they put all that glosser on them. You're like, I've Always wondered what the kiss feels like. Is it like weird? Well, yeah, it's weird.


But then, then they, It a trampoline, They polish 'em up with that glosser. No, it's like, it's almost like you're sucking on something. You, it's almost like a shrimp that won't fucking give up. That's what it's like. It's like trying to eat two shrimps that won't give up. I always wondered. We have, there's probably more we can talk about. Yeah. I do wanna say a Jewish friend of mine set this, set this up in case anybody gets, oh, I Wanna be clear. I'm friends with so many like Jewish people in Hollywood. I am too. So that's why I'm like, it's so just and disingenuous Every time we talk to 'em, they all agree on this topic of BB Netanyahu. Like they, they will support Israel, but they'll be like, they can critique him. And so we need to normalize that. Like, don't try to tell black people, they have to support BLM.


Don't tell Jewish people, they have to support Israel. Allow people to be individuals. Allow people to say what they think you know is right or is wrong without trying to pigeonhole them according to their identity. I Appreciate you coming on and talking. I'm excited to hear about the Weinstein thing. Good luck with the presidency. Will you homeschool your children? Will you Fine school from? What are you doing? We're We thinking homeschooling? No Way. Who's gonna do the professoring though? Me until like, they get to like sixth grade math and then I'm gonna be like, wait a second, But put the husband in. Get A tutor. Yeah. Oh, get a tutor. Oh, my husband's excellent at math, but he wouldn't, he wouldn't do it. What does he like to do? Your husband, We talked about this. He sends war letters. He's English. Oh yeah.


He just sits in his library and sends war letters and laments the lost colonies. I think he married me. 'cause he's trying to build some back roads to, to the uk. Reacquiring America. Ooh. I think it's not over. Like the Revolutionary War is not over until it's over. You know what I'm saying? Oh, It never ends. He's An agent. He's an agent, British agent trying to reacquire the colonies. He slipped once he called, called me a colonist. And I said, Ooh. Kind of romantic. Yeah, He, it's kind of romantic. It's Darkly romantic. Yeah. The Colonies. Yeah. Love you never know where you'll find it. It's interesting. He keeps me, he keeps me straight on straight and arrow. Yeah. That's awesome. I'm like, why do we gotta file these taxes? He's like, you can't black people. Why you guys gotta try to not file your taxes?


And I was like, I just, it's just, I don't wanna give this money to the government. He's like, well you gotta give the money to the government. So Do you think that Elon has that he is like for the people? I am prob I'm the only person always. Well, I don't feel, I have a weird feeling about Elon. I don't know why. Curious about it. I just, he, Sam Altman, the AI crowd just freaks me out on a spiritual level. And sometimes it's just your gut and I'm going with my gut. I think gut is God intuition and they just freak me the hell out. Well, here's the thing. I've thought about this. They even All look weird. Like they look like they're robots, you know? Well, here's the thing, Like they come from another planet. A lot of the inventors and creators now have, and I think a lot of people would say that they possibly have some type of autism.


Right. A little bit of it. Right. And I think that's, that's not debated by a lot of them. That's fine. They would say that. Right. That's pretty normal. But a lot of autistic people, they are good with concepts. Right. But they're not as good a lot of times with emotions. Right. Not in the practical way that people without autism seem to be. So that's what I'm saying. We're getting more products that are created that are, have less emotion in them and are more just practical, Robotic. Right. But that's scary. 'cause that's the type of people that the creativity is going through. Yeah. And that scares me. Right. So if like, I think they're like, well, why do we need a woman when we can create an artificial womb? Yeah. Yeah. I don't like that. I feel like we should maybe pause and think about that before we all sign up.


Yeah. You don't wanna be at the club and you're just, you're just grinding up on a wo some electronic womb in the corner. That's how I feel like, I feel like that's where we're gonna get with these people. And he has a lot of kids. Shake it like a dog baby, do what you do. That song comes on and people are just sha just grinding up against like some electric womb where you have to put a quarter in it or whatever to get to Shape. Like line up. Yeah. Line up to get pregnant sort of a thing. I don't like any of it. It makes me scared and they just make me uncomfortable. Yeah. And I, that's all I could say. I am like, listen, I know I don't have, like you say, I don't have the information, but I have the intuition that like we're barreling towards this like AI future and that the lack of emotion just makes me uncomfortable. I'm like, okay, but these are humans.


They're like, but here's how we can solve the human problem. Yeah. Maybe they are aliens. Yeah. Press one. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's, I don't know. It's fascinating. Candace Owens, thanks for your time. Congrats on this. When, when are we gonna see this baby? May 4th. Woo. May the fourth be with you. The odds of may Not really, but Yeah. Sorry. It's odds of March. Yes. But you were close Enough. I felt Maypole it. What's May 5th? Not the odds. What's May 5th? The Maypole, isn't it? The S of March. 15th. Oh, that's single de Mayo. Oh Yeah. You're thinking of tacos. That's what I'm thinking of. Well, Yeah. Yeah. He said what's may number right now? Fifth. What's May 5th? Single de mayo.


Yeah. Oh, it could be Latino, huh? If you and a white man Had Hadda Mexican baby. Dude, that's ai. Best of luck. You hilarious. Thank you so much for hanging out with me. Thank You for having me. I'm just falling on the breeze and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of mind. I can see it in my bones.