
Right now, Panera Bread and DoorDash are teaming up to help you find that perfect match. Panera's, you pick two offering lets you pair two items with over 800 possible combos. It's easy to find your one true lunch. You pick two delivered right to your door with DoorDash. Use code true lunch for 20% off your Panera. You pick to order on DoorDash from March 3rd through March 12th terms. Apply full terms. Go to the Panera store page on DoorDash.


I wanna say thank you for the support of our Merch. Really, really appreciate it. And we have restocks. Those are in now. We've got gang, gang bait and Tackle. Humble Upstairs. A lot of items are restocked. You can check that out, Theo Von store.com. And again, thank you so much. Today's guest is one of the most popular streamers. He's a leftist political commentator. You can see countless clips of him debating social issues and political topics. I admire his work ethic and his pursuit of information and communication.


I am thankful today for his time and our conversation. Today's guest is Mr. Hasan Piker. It. Look, it feels like I made so many requests where I'm like, oh my God, I I need to have my dog here. All this Shit. No dude, I'm just, somebody's how styl it. You're like, probably. Yeah. Is that this Is just the top is some, I mean, both are Japanese, I think, actually.


Oh, yeah, that's what it Is. Yeah. It's a, it is a Japanese brand called Color with a K. And the pants are Adidas Y three Yogi Yamamoto collab. Damn. You don't fuck with fashion at all. I, I mean, I, I, yeah. I don't, Who am I? I mean, you got, you gotta look though. I mean, I, I don't like to have a lot of, I I, should we save this for the pod? That's, we're rolling. That's Norma. Oh, we're rolling? Yeah. Oh, okay. Might get a little closer. Alright. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. My bad. That's why I didn't have it on the, that's why I didn't have it in my mouth because I thought we weren't filming yet. Yeah, dude, that is styl. That's, yeah. I mean, yeah, it's definitely very stylish. My good friend Aaron, he started a company called John Elliot.


I feel like I've heard of that. Yeah. They have him like in now in like in Nordstrom. And it's like a, they have like a, it over like, I think it was like right after like G Star kind of came out. Like GI try, I got into some G Star for a little bit. Oh, you got some G Star That was like, as like, let me see what we're doing. Kind of as I got, I would like to have more fashion sometimes I just don't know if ICI don't care. I, I I get too. Well, you gotta look. I get too overwhelmed. I like knowing like there's about 17 or 18 things that I wear. That'll be okay, Bro. You gotta look. You can't be saying, I need to get into fashion. And you're making a deliberate choice to not have a mustache and grow a beard out. Oh, you think So? I feel like that's, that's a look. Maybe that I never thought about that.


Yeah. I guess it's Like, yeah, you got the flannel. It's that little like a sock for your chin kind of, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. That's brave by the way. I just gotta say To do just this. Yeah. I think it's brave. But do you think that's a culture or thing? What culture is your family from? I'm Turkish. Okay. So in Turkey, is that a thing? Do you see just this ever in Turkey? Sometimes. Okay. I mean, we don't got Amish people, right? Normally the only time you see the, the beard in the no mustache combo is if they just go with the full one. Oh yeah. That's Cool. And it's just like, I don't know why they do that. Yeah. I saw a guy with a huge beard the other night at a comedy show. I think it was in Ohio. He Had Hadda huge beard and then a Edgar, that kind of Mexican kind of Edgar cut in the front.


I love that. Oh, it was great. This guy was Ginger. I mean, probably Amish or recently Amish or once removed or whatever. And he had had like, like how did that Work? I mean, you could tell somebody in his wa somebody at fucking, he probably had nails in his pocket. You know what I'm saying? He definitely, somebody had somebody. I don't know, man. But no, you're probably the most S style. I'm trying to think of somebody else. More stylish that's come in here. Oh, here's some facial hair types right here. This is very important, Bro. This is like that, that Russian ethnicities photo grid. You know what I'm talking about? Uhuh, like in the USSR. This is crazy. This does look like, Yeah, they're like, they're showing us the different kinds of Armenians.


It does look like 40 degrees of Uber. That's what it looks like right Here. Yeah. See, look, that's what I'm talking. Oh, I thought this was one of those t fucking charts. Dudes. Pretty. No, no. This is like, look at, look at all the different ethnicities in the USSR. It's the, it is the, it's to be better at race racism. Well, That's what I, dude, racism used to be so easy in America. Like when I was growing up, it was like easy, easy to do. Wow. Easy to be racist. Now I've been to these, it's almost like you have to have a chart. You have to have Yeah. That's what I A calculator to even be racist now it feels like. Yeah. I hate that God damnit racist means to be so easy. Yeah.


What the good old days. You can just point out the window and your stepdad just knew immediately what was going on. You know? Yeah. I I think it's just, it's just extra difficulty now. That's what it is. So you have to be smarter as a racist. Yeah, That's, there's a better, we're trying to Make the races Better. Yeah. Yeah, dude, because oh, you said there's like a barrier to entry now? Yeah. There's a, there's a barrier to entry to doing racism. Like, it's like it's, it's unironically a a, a more difficult process now. But what I was gonna say is, if you wanna go back to the, to the facial hair chart. Yeah. Bring it up again please. 'cause I wanna know what, what we're doing.


Or was it yours, the other one? No, no. That was the, that was just the USSR races. USSR race chart. But yeah, You can also get that USSR chart is easily a lot of those men, you'll see a meeting with very young girls at Starbucks trying to get 'em involved in something. A lot of times it seems like. Yeah, but what is this one? What do you got? You got the chin curtain. No, you got the goatee. That's what you have. Yeah. I guess I have the goatee. It's very simple. Kind of, it's like I have a big nose, So I try to ma you know, you do little things to try and, you know, trick a wife or what trick a, you know, you want to have a spouse. So I have that. And then I have a little bit more chin than my brother does.


So I have a real chin in here. Some people, it's, it's completely, it's a totem mirage. Like, there's a guy that's in that power slap game and they can't even, like, he has this huge, They can't, they can't identify where his chin begins. They can fucking, yeah. Yeah. I love that. Especially when like, dudes have that situation going on and then they'll just like grow out their beard and basically try to like line it up so that there's like a chin there and it's like, bro, you are not fooling anybody. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't even know what to do in that situation. Like if you got that, if you got that no neck edge shit, then you're kind of cooked regardless. Yeah. But I mean, good luck. I don't know. There is The one where it's crazy where sometimes Yeah, they, they cut the hair.


Exactly. Yeah. Oh, that's no neck ed. Yeah. He's doing real estate now too. Yeah, he was doing lemonade sale. He was in like a, he got caught up in Big Li, or not big lemonade, but like lemonade, Big Lemonade. He was So, I know he was, he got, I think he was involved with Lemonade for a bit. I saw him selling a, he was Involved with like a, like a child. Like what do you Mean? No, like he was selling, he got caught up. Ed and Pete's, there it is. Something like that. Or Lemonade. Oh, he like actually had his lemonade brand. Yeah. He was selling, it was like a, it was the opposite of, you know, they have like long neck body. That was the whole play on it. Oh. Oh, that's weird. I Know. That's such a odd thing that he was so, he made like, like a short and stubby one. Yeah. Who wants that baby lemonade out of head?


Oh, he's definitely looked like the kind of guy that you would just, you wanna fucking crack open. He looks like that fancy syrup. You ever see the fancy bottle of syrup and it doesn't have, bring it up if you can. It's kind of light Brown has a brown top on it. It's maple syrup, but it's wide. Oh, like the, like the maple version like that that it's, Yeah, the, the 365. The Whole Foods that Matt finished one. Yeah. The one that looks like a liquor bottle. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It looked like an old brown jug. That one. Yeah. I always, he kind of had that anyway. I feel bad. We're making fun of the guy now. Yeah. He wasn't, I don't know. I remember watching 90 Day Fiance and he didn't seem like a good dude. Oh really? He didn't seem, he didn't strike me as like a very, very nice guy.


But I mean, who knows? Oh, I'll jump on a hate wagon in a Harvey, dude. Oh, I know. Kid bro. Yeah. No, but I, I saw the other day he is doing real estate man, Hasan Piker. Thanks for coming in, dude. Yeah. Oh Yeah. I appreciate it. Thanks for having me. I know you're super busy, man. I, I, I admire, I admire, first of all how streamers, how the effort it is, it almost seems like it's like one of those races in the Olympics that it's like, like an endurance game. Yeah. But also just like your openness to like, thinking about things. You don't seem like just like one type of person or, or like, you could pigeonhole you. Yeah, I do, I do a little bit of everything. I mean, but even Just in your own beliefs, like in, you know, when you talk about political stuff, it's like, you seem very poignant, but also like aggressively open to things, you know, which I think, and that's a judgment.


And maybe I shouldn't have said something like that, but I, anyway, I, I just admire the way that you do things, dude. So I appreciate you coming and hanging out. That's all I should Have said. Man. Thanks for, thanks for having me. I, I think streamers are basically like the bottom of the totem pole as far as content creators goes. Like, it's definitely laborious, but I wouldn't say that it's like super difficult. 'cause like, overall a Hollywood production, if it's, if that is like the highest stage of like, content creation and you have, you know, hundreds of people working all around the world, working around the clock to put like two and a half hours of, of content together where everyone's gonna sit there and watch Twich streaming is like the lowest of the low.


Yeah. Where it's just like a dude like me half the time, you know, picking at his crotch, watching YouTube videos, picking his nose and it's, you know, it's, you have to be on for eight hours at a time. And it's like usually one person doing that. And that's annoying. And you gotta be like, constantly listening to people chirp at you. And that part sucks. But overall, I would say it's like the, you know, lowest tier of content. Lowest effort of content. Would you say that it's the purest of content though? In a weird way? Like Yeah. 'cause it's, I mean, what I do is like, you can't hide. Yeah. What I do is am radio, but what I do is, is basically am radio.


But for Zoomers, you know, I like, that's how, the way I describe myself, like do you know, like, I'm sure you know Rush Limbaugh. Yeah. Like that's, that's the way that I describe what I do to older people in general. Where like, I'm like Rush Limbaugh, but without the brain, without the brain rot. Yeah. Quite literally and figuratively. I mean, he did die of brain cancer. Did he? He Hadda addiction. I know. Yeah. He also Had Hadda. Yeah, he Had Hadda Hole, I think in his brain from all the perks. He was perked up. He was a perked up shouty. Well, He was definitely, my god, my mind. And yeah, I think he definitely was one of the early, he was almost like a rapper in a way. Like with the pills. I think he had the women bring up Rush Limbaugh's wife.


Let's even get a, No, I don't, I don't know. I feel like those guys don't fuck. I, I don't know why. Like, unless they're, unless they're gay. The, the gay conservatives, like the, the ones in the closet, like they fuck. Okay, nevermind. She's kind of, she's kind of a looker, huh? I mean, she's better looking than him. Yeah. I mean that's not saying much. That's True. But still, like I've seen. Yeah, some of 'em you get a, yeah, she has a very, who does she look like? A little bit. I've never seen his wife or some those widow cast. She kinda looks like in that photo where they're kissing, she kinda looks like Walter White's wife, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. From Breaking Bad the Blonde-haired lady. Yeah. Yeah. But like hotter And Tory's spelling a little bit too.


She looked like, if you go back, one Tory spelling was probably four your time, but Oh yeah, she does. Yeah. I never looked at his wife or, or Yeah. I never seen a picture of, of her before. Yeah. I mean, it'd be weird if you were just like out there googling rush limb Wife. Yeah, well you Just, I do that all the time. I look at all the, all my favorite conservative commentators wives. You, You just think like, yeah, I guess what do people, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it's good that I'm not doing that. What's one of the toughest things about streaming that people don't understand though? I'll say it like this. Back in the day, Joe Rogan used to always talk about how when you do a three hour podcast, like there are so much that people can just like clip out of that and then take out of context like Rob of its nuance and rob it, of its context.


And it was funny because like at the time when he was saying this, like, podcasting was a relatively new medium. I'm talking like 20 14, 20 15 when Joe Ro when, when he like first was building out the Joe Rogan experience, right. Every other week, seemingly the media would yell at him over some shit that he said on his podcast. And he was like, we're having an honest discussion. It's three hours. It's back and forth. It's gonna happen. Like things are gonna get taken outta context. I think for Twitch streaming that's tuned up to 11 where not only am I live, I'm talking about politics, which are, you know, I mean, I'm talking about some really crazy issues, hot button topics.


And also I'm doing that with a live audience who's constantly chirping at me in real time. Fuck. Trying to, you know, trying to constantly piss me off. Yeah. And then when they do successfully piss me off, they'll clip that shit and post it on Twitter, post it on ready, be like, call out post, call out, post this guy's bad. Look at what he said. And you know, when you got like crazy dedicated haters too, especially 'cause they're doing politics in general, you're gonna have a lot of crazy dedicated haters. They, they just do, you know, they just compile all of that to be like, this is a bad person over and over and over again. Like, you'll see it in the, in the common section of this video, there will be a ton of people who are gonna come in and be like, this guy is a bad dude.


Like, he said this, he said that. 'cause like, the major reason obviously for that is because I'm anti-Israel. Like I'm, I'm, I'm pro-Palestine. I've been pro-Palestine for quite a while, and that really brings out the crazies like that. Does it Really? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You, you haven't encountered this, I mean, you had Gaur Monte on Yeah, we had Gabor Monte, we Had Hadda rabbi, we had bought some EF phone. We definitely have tried to like learn something about it. I think in the end, for me it just became like, my feelings just tell me that it's just messed up what's happening to those people. It's like, and that a lot of it was covered up by the media.


They didn't want you to share certain information or you weren't allowed to. Yeah, no, for sure. Yeah. I mean, that's how it's always been though. It's not just for Israel, it's just in general. Like when it comes to American foreign policy, the, the American media is, is fairly one note. Our politicians are one note on it too. They're bipartisan on that. Right. That's Like, so when you say that, you mean that they're all in on the same, it's all kind of the same ruse, do you mean? Yeah. Yeah. They all, they all agree. It's always uniparty when it comes to American foreign policy, when it comes to giving money to Israel. When it comes to a lot of that stuff like going to war with, with Iraq, right. You got the media also presenting that lie that they have, you know, chemical weapons, they have weapons of mass destruction and uncritically reporting on that to justify going to war with Iraq going and, and invading a foreign nation that we had no business invading.


Right. So that is, that happens all the time. Do you think that that's starting to get upset even by like, podcasting, streaming? Do you think that that apple cart's starting to change? It feels like, yeah. Oh, for sure. I think that just Because people have a voice, Independent media. Yeah. The independent media sphere definitely is like dominating partially because of that reason. Sometimes for bad reasons. People have lost confidence in media when they just don't like what they're reporting, even if they're reporting the truth. And then there are plenty of major reasons. Like, like Jeffrey Epstein's death, like you go to any outlet, most of them are gonna rule it a suicide, no critical, no critical reporting on it whatsoever.


Just unconditionally saying like, no, no, no, it was definitely a suicide. Like the average American doesn't feel that way. And also there's very valid reasons as to why they don't feel that way. Israel is another great example of this, where like, it was like 80% of Americans wanted a ceasefire. And, and yet if you look at all the way from CNN to Fox News, every single outlet was just like, no, no, no. You don't understand Israel has to kill these children. No. Like, please no, you don't understand. Like, can you imagine, you got, imagine a role reversal in that situation where like you got, you got Osama bin Laden's best lads on CNN immediately after nine 11 being like, listen, like we, we Had Hadda blow up the Twin Towers.


Like, you, you don't the World Trade Center. It was, it was right there. It was asking for It. Yeah. One of 'em was a little askew. Yeah. Yeah. We Had Hadda fix it. Yeah. Well, yeah. I think it's crazy. Well, there's that famous video that got shared a few years ago, like during Covid when it was like every channel was reporting the same exact, it was just the same script. It was almost just a Sinclair broadcasting. Yeah. So that's actually, that's ironically a lot of right wingers spread that one. Is that True or not? No, It is. But that, but that's right wing, that's Sinclair Broadcasting. It's like a right wing media company that basically bought out all the remaining local news broadcasters. Wow. So it's like an umbrella. Right. Wing media is all over the place, actually. And a lot of people don't realize it.


Like when, whenever Fox News talks about like mainstream media lies, I'm like, bro, you are the most popular news network in the country. What do you mean mainstream media? Like you're dominating everybody else. That's A good point. So you're saying that a lot of times mainstream media is also right wing media. Yeah, right. Wing media is so dominant in, in, in the independent side, right. Wing media is dominant as hell too. But like on the mainstream side, right Wing media is incredibly dominant. They dominate the local news with Sinclair Broadcasting and also all the way up to Fox News, which is the most famous, which is the most like successful network news broadcaster in the country Is Fox.


Is Fox News the most watched news network By widest margins? Really? I Didn't know that. Yeah, it is not even close. C-N-N-M-S-N-B Trump always talks about how C-N-N-B-C are, you know, in the pooper their ratings are awful. These guys love presenting themselves as vulnerable victims. And I, and I really always get annoyed by that. Like, they say that about, they, they used to always say that about like Facebook too, and they're like, oh, they're banning stuff. And I'm sure they banned like vaccine denial or whatever, right? 'cause Facebook wanted to be woke and liberal until Mark Zuckerberg got hit with the Dominican ray. But So then what, when people say mainstream media, then I guess what did, then what did it, 'cause it always felt to me like yeah, that every outlet was just always super liberal.


That's what it felt like. They Are. No, no, for sure. Like a lot of like the New York Times, you got C-N-N-A-B, CCBS, like NBC, these out outlets are liberal. Now, obviously I'm a little bit of a radical, I guess, So I am definitely not fond of the Democratic party either, even though my criticisms of the Democrats are because of their closeness to the Republicans in general. But yeah, they are, I would say that they're definitely liberal, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they're like on the side of the people or anything like that, or on even the progressive side of many of the, many of these issues. And that's why I said there's this uniparty attitude like liberals and Republicans, they basically come together and agree when it comes to giving more money to Israel.


Yeah. Not, not the voters. I'm talking like institutions. I'm talking politicians In general. Yeah. Well that's, yeah. That seems to be, I think it feels so far away from being represented like the per the people feel so far away from being represented. And I feel like that seems like it's gotten further and further in my lifetime. I can't tell if it's just 'cause I'm getting older and so you hear about more stuff like that or if it's actually true. But I think people just feel like, you know, like why are we having to audit our own government? You know, whether or not the means that they're going about it are good or not. But it's like, it's like the, the fact that people are cheering to have our own government audited, the fact that it's like, yeah, that 80% of the people would would say they don't support what's happened in Gaza, but yet we would still send money to Israel.


Like, I think it's, Trump has done that. Trump the other day, Trump was like, yo, we gotta, we can't give any more money to Ukraine. Right? You're done. He is like, Zel Disney, you're out. And then he turns around and he is like, also we're sending $3 billion of weapons and bulldozers to Israel pronto. Did they really? Yeah. Bring that up. 3.4 billion I believe on the same day. Yep. Rubio Bipo Bipa bypasses Congress to send Israel $4 billion in arms. They were like, oh, we have to expeditiously send this out to Israel arms For what? What do you mean to, to continue killing Palestinians? Is there anybody left there? Yeah, there's still, there's still a million plus Palestinians in the Gaza Strip.


They're basically just like living in the rubble trying to rebuild. I mean, these are some of the most resilient people on the planet. Yeah. Like, they just, they've been through hell a million times over, you know? Yeah. You still see a lot of great, like, there was a beautiful video, I'm not sure if it was AI or not, of them trying to celebrate Ramadan the other night in the Rubble of the long table. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was real though. I don't think that was ai. I saw people take, I saw people taking photos of that. Yeah. I mean also the other side of this is like the Gaza strip is, is like overwhelmingly children, like we're talking, I know like the, the average age is 14. People are un like 50 plus percent are are minors. Well that's, I think that, and it's Before October 7th.


Well, like a Year ago, people would be afraid to have, I think this convers to to, to people be afraid. Oh, for sure. Including us. Like I'd be afraid. I'd be afraid that, No, I mean look, I've been, I've been actively been openly pro-Palestinian emancipation for the past decade and I've seen a major attitude shift. You're The Turkish Macklemore dude. Wait, What do you mean? Because he, yeah, he's been, Well, when I'm in, when I was in third year, third grade, I thought I was gay. No. Did he do that? That's what his was his song. Oh, well you gotta be pretty, you have to have an open attitude to even think that way in third grade. But no, he's just been, he's been on a, on a bly afraid to share about Palestine, you know?


Yeah, No, he's, he's had his heart changed. I think his heart's in the right place. Like I think he's he's doing great. He was from the beginning about it. I mean, he was early on it. Yeah. Yeah. Not like 10. He hasn't been, but since it became like a hot, more of a hot button issue in the past three or four years for sure. Yeah. I mean, look, I'll never, I'll never discard allies. I'm, you know, that's an amazing thing to, to look at the situation with clarity, with moral clarity and just be like, listen, I didn't know enough about this. And now I've recognized the, the cruelty of, of what we are doing. Like, because that's the other thing. Like America, whether we agree to it or not, or whether we recognize it or not I agree, is like participating in this in a pretty meaningful way. They're offering political cover at the un.


They, you got the, the basically war crime cops out there at the IC and ICJ, the International Court of Justice, which prosecutes state on state prosecutions. You have the International criminal court, which is a court that prosecutes war criminals. Right. And both of them have issued for Netanyahu to be Yeah. Arrested. Right. So South Africa has a case against Israel for genocide that's ongoing. And at the ICJ and at the ICC, the, the International Criminal court has a prosecutor that has issued arrest warrants for Benjamin Iahu and Yev Golan for, for the crime of, of, you know, doing a genocide for being war criminals.


Intentional starvation of a civilian, captive civilian population. It's a pretty obvious war crime. So. Well I just think it's honestly, bro, some of it I think's kind of pussy like, and I hate to say that 'cause some people don't have pussy, they don't believe in 'em or whatever. But it's like, I think if you're all, if your military is so great, send in snipers and get the bad guys. That's how I feel. Yeah. Do some covert option, but just to be like, No, their military's ass though, that's the problem. They just have like, they just have overwhelming firepower and their superiority. That's it. But, And, and, and, but, but that's the part to me it's like, send in some, you know, if, if those are the bad guys, send in and get the, like do some, it just felt like this, I don't know.


It just started to feel gross. And then the great thing was it feels like you couldn't hide it from a nation. You could not hide from the world that what they were doing was wrong. But going back to what you're saying, how much are we complicit in so many of these, I mean, Types of things that happen in different countries and do we need to be No, I think we are complicit. I mean, that's how I feel about it at least. But that's why I actively urge people to protest and, and do everything in their power to, to try to put an end to this. Because I think we have a lot of power in this, in this regard in the United States of America. I I don't think that America is like a true democracy by any means.


And this kind of stuff basically puts that on display for everyone to recognize. Or, you know, whenever people go, Hey, can we get healthcare? And the government's like, fuck you. Then you're like, what? What? Like, this would be nice to have, you know, socialized medicine, but, but you still, you still gotta keep trying.


It's that time baby. It's that time to get that thing on ya. Get that thing on ya. BlueChew. That's what I'm saying. Have better sex with BLUECHEW. BlueChew is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. Bluetooth tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. Does it work? Yep. I'll tell you that. You can have it, you can have a little bit of it. Do it, you know, manage it, how you do it, get it how you live, make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options at BlueChew dot com. And we've got a special deal for our listeners, try your first month of BlueChew free. Visit BlueChew BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast


ai it's coming to your industry if it isn't already here, but AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs spiraling out of control? Well, it's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI cost 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thomson Reuters, and Suno ai. Right now Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash t, that's ORAC e.com/theo.


I wouldn't say it's like complicity in terms of like, your hands are bloody individually, but the least you can do is not actively champion America doing this stuff. And, and, and also go out and protest like, and, and try to try to give a voice to voiceless people that are just being massacred for no reason. Yeah. Why is there such a strong bond between America and Israel? I've heard Candace Owen was saying that she thought it was black male, but what do you, why do you think there's really such Strong bond? Candace Owens, Candace Owens got a lot of thoughts on that stuff. I think, I think there's like two different camps here.


You got people who critically analyze the relationship with Israel and you got people who are like, it's the Jews, you know, I am in the critically analyzing the situation camp rather than just being like, oh, it's Jews 'cause they got mind control powers or whatever the fuck people say. It's, it's because it is an unsinkable aircraft carrier in a resource rich region and it has its own espionage facilities. And that is the reason like we, we basically carried over from the British, this, this settler colony in the region that we can just kind of use or have a collaborative relationship with. And it's incredibly valuable for us.


So valuable that like, I mean, Israel's blown up USS liberty like a, like a American Navy shit. Yeah. And, and basically That was in the fifties I think. Yeah. In that process, like it was an incredibly valuable Cold War ally because we were terrified of Israel going and like collaborating with the USSR. You got Penn Arabic nationalism happening all around the region. All these countries that are developing nation states are, are doing so on the boundaries of, of, you know, defeating their, their colonial occupiers, whether it be French colonialism or British colonialism. And simultaneously they're looking to the USSR, right? And they're like, you know, maybe you guys will help us out.


This seems like a cool thing that you guys got going on over there. The socialism stuff ain't too bad. America goes, fuck that. And they basically hit the Israel button as hard as they could where they were just like, you guys are gonna be our, you guys are gonna be our, our extension. Right? It's like some of my friends say there are favored client states and then there are client states that America just discards Ukraine is obviously a non favored client state. And that's what happens when you're done with Ukraine, where you're like, I'm done with this. You know, pack it up, gimme all your minerals, even if you have any, who knows, I don't care. You know, know your place.


America does this to the Kurds all the time as well, where they'll just like arm them and be like, yeah, you guys need to get, you guys need to develop a, a nation state. It'd be nice. Kurds are ethnic minority in the region. Okay. And 35 million people in what region? In the, in the Middle East. Okay. Three 5 million people don't have a nation state. A lot of them live in Turkey. So kind of homeless, kind of Iraq? Well, yeah. Yes and no. And, and there's like varying degrees of cruelty that they're subjected to in these countries as like an ethnic minority, my country included in Turkey. Wow. And they want to, they wanna build a nation state. They got an autonomous region in Iraq now they're in Syria as well. They're in Iran as well.


And then they're, so they're trying to figure it out Turkey. Yeah. So America will go up to them and be like, we're gonna arm you guys, we're gonna train you guys. Go fuck shit up. And then as soon as they're done, they, they just discard them and they're like, okay, go. You can, they'll tell Turkey. You can go and, you know, bomb these villages that they're in. Who cares? It doesn't matter anymore. So what You're saying, I think it's like that, that's one of the things that makes it tougher. The more information you learn, I think in the world, it's like The shittier things seem, Yeah, in some ways it's true. But the reality of things, you just see the reality. It's like, yeah, you need, and if you were playing a game of risk and you were these dictate, you were these power full people, how would you operate? And yeah, it just gets to, it gets to be tough to find out, okay, well then what does being an American still mean to me?


And then also that things are so conflicting and dangerous out there amongst these like leaders and powers that you have to just, you have to like kind of put a flag in something for yourself, you know, just to kind of get to, 'cause otherwise you'll just be sort of aimless it feels like. Well, I mean, I think I, I, I dunno if I'm even explaining that fully, right? But You gotta stand for something. Is that what you're saying? If you don't stand for something, you fall for everything. Yeah. So here's what I think it's like, the more we learn about history and the more we learn about just like the, the like, well, America did these things and some of it, nine 11 could have been the result of some of that.


Just more as you start to learn that America hasn't always been this perfect partner in this, that it just starts to test like, okay, well what does it mean to be an American to me? But then at the same time, you need to be an American because you live in a country that's safe and you're able to operate here within the country. So it's, I don't know, it just makes it kind of interesting. Does that make sense? Yeah, No, I get it. What you're, what you're exhibiting is a, is a very normal contradiction that a lot of Americans, when faced with the reality of American foreign policy, they, they come to terms with this. Like, they try to, they try to resolve this contradiction where on the one hand you're saying, well, I'm an American. I like the security blanket that I exist under.


Right. But also simultaneously. But you're simultaneously, you're like, but damn, we're doing a lot of fucked up shit around the world. I mean, look, I'm a, I'm a, people always yell at me and say, oh Hassan, you only say America bad. But I don't just stop at that. Like, I, I want America to be good. I think America has an incredible potential. It's the wealthiest nation on the planet. It should be doing so much more to, to help its own citizens and so much more to lead the way, pave the way for a new evolution of the way that we look at international relations than the way that we engage with conflict. But the reason why America is the way it is, is because I see it as basically, you know, 50 corporations in a trench suit.


Like, it's just, it's, it's a holdover to, to extract tax revenue from everyday Americans and then give it directly back to corporations in the form of subsidies without ever regulating them and, and, you know, demanding anything in return. I think one of the best examples of this was when, you know, Russia invaded Ukraine and then Russia is also part of OPEC plus. So they went back to Saudi Arabia. Okay, so take us back, our listeners, if we get too much information. A lot of them don't, They're gonna tune it out. Well they just, I think it's, if it's new information for me, and I shouldn't say them. If it's new information for me, it's hard for me to go along. So opec, Why, why are you throwing one under the bus?


I know, I am. My bad guys. I'm the, I am the problem. So, but OPEC is the oil. Yeah. Oh, so OPEC is the like an oil nato, is that right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Basically. Exactly. It's a cartel. Okay. That's what it is. It's a, it's a mono, it's a, a group of, of countries that have oil reserves that basically set the, the price of oil barrels. Okay. And Saudi Arabia is pretty dominant because like they have, you know, I mean they, they're the oil, like they're the big Ball basically. They're Damp. Yeah. And yeah, the organization of petroleum exporting countries and Russia basically went back to OPEC and was like Organization of petroleum mixed sporting countries. Yeah. Okay, Cool. Yeah.


At the time Russia Had Hadda lot to, you know, a lot to gain from, and all these other countries Had Hadda lot to also gain from basically limiting the price of, or limiting the supply of oil. You know, were in the post covid era too. And that like, they're also, they were also making a lot of money in, or they had lost a lot of revenue, so they wanted to recoup. 'cause nobody was like flying around or using oil because everyone was like stuck at, at home. Oh yeah. Oil's Been down. So, so they, they were recouping on those losses by just basically saying, demand is on an all time high. We're not gonna produce, you know, we're not gonna keep up with that demand to make sure that we stabilize the prices.


Right. So they're saying, oh, there's only so much oil, even though there's as much as there want. They, they kind of want, Oh Yeah, they could have produced way more. Right. So the point I was gonna make is, Brandon went back to Saudi Arabia, you know, he shook hands with MBS and was like, Hey, hey. Who did? Brandon, Brandon, Joe, Brandon, Joe Biden. Oh, Joe Biden. Yeah. He went to, he, he went to Saudi Arabia. He was like, come on Jack, you know, produce more oil. Come on, don't do it. And, and they were like, Nope. The reason why I'm telling this convoluted story is because then we have American oil and gas industry providers, right? Like we have our own oil. Everybody always talks about how we, we have independence, like energy independence in America.


So he went back to the American oil and gas industry and was like, alright, you guys have to pro, you know, produce more oil because you have to offset what like OPEC is doing. And you know what they said, fuck you. That's what they said. They get, they rely the oil and gas producers in this country, the fossil fuel industry gets 80% of our energy subsidies. It's like billions of dollars that they get Subsidies. American, they get kickbacks from the government, Not even a kickback. Like government collects taxes. And then government gives these companies, whether they're in agriculture or whether they're in the oil and gas industry, they give money to these companies to keep prices relatively low to keep up with the cost of the production.


Right. They're like, Hey, we're gonna give you this money. So you keep prices low, but in a time, Oh, because the gu 'cause that company owns so much of the actual market of whatever that product is, that if they wanted to adjust it, they could do it. Yeah. E Exactly. Ah, I didn't even know that. And They didn't, they didn't provide, they just didn't supply the federal government with more oil. Like they just did not, they did not produce more in the time to stabilize prices. And you got like the oil lobby guys going on CNBC and actively being like, we have a fiduciary responsibility to our shareholders to maximize profit. We don't care if the, you know, we don't care if the prices are high.


You know, sucks to suck because our profits are great. And the reason why I explained all this is because I think that's a perfect demonstration of how America operates. Like the American government operates rather where it serves corporations, not the people. And then you got China on the other hand, where like it's, you know, they got billionaires too. They got massive corporations too. But those corporations serve the government. Now that can be bad, but if the government is, is, you know, interested in, in uplifting the great, the public good and, and doing like even development or whatever, then ultimately they just can force corporations hands to do whatever they want.


Yeah. I mean like, like you're saying, it's like yeah, the more you learn, it's, you have to then decide, okay, you almost have to differentiate, well what does it mean to be an American? To me, you know, because if I stay here and I sleep under this banner of America where I can make money and I can have, and there's a welfare system and I'll beit there, you know, people have ideas of whether they're good or bad and those, but, but that I stay here, I continue to stay here. I keep myself here. This is where I choose to be, you know, in the safety of this place. You know, it's like, well how complicit am I? Or am I just an American and this is, this is the, I got blessed into this place and this is where I am.


And if somebody else weren't born into this place and they were in a place that were, you know, more hostile and scarier to live in and sleep in and try to survive in, wouldn't they be praying that they would be here or that they would have some of the same things, you know? Yeah. Everyone, everyone. Does That make any sense? No, it does. Yeah. No, what you're describing, like I said, is, is what left, is what left is called like living in the imperial core. Because if you're in the, if you're in the heart of empire, you at the very least don't suffer the repercussions of being the victims. Right? Right. Like, you're not, you're not in Guatemala. So you're not getting destabilized by the American government in many instances, like, or at least throughout your history. So you haven't been kept down and, and therefore your situation in comparison to them is, is gonna be a lot better.


And then what Do I want my life to be like day to day? Do I want it to be this constant na like, or do I want to not think about those things and think that those are the government's, you know, some of that's the government's responsibility. I do my best to elect and vote in a way that I think is meaningful and vote for the best person. And then I try to enjoy my life and take care of my family and my neighbor. You know, I think it's like, I dunno, that's kind of how I, I think maybe I start to break it down in my head, you know? Yeah. So that ba that that what you were describing right there is, is basically the heart of, I wouldn't say the problem necessarily, but that, that is why a lot of people just like tune out. 'cause they feel just powerless at the end of the day.


You know, you got your protests, you vote, and then these guys do whatever the fuck they want to do. What am I supposed to do is like the, the attitude that the average citizen has in this country. And, you know, that's why things slowly but surely seemingly get worse year over year. Maybe not for you. And I, 'cause like, I mean we're, we are relatively successful, but for like average people, for everyday people, shit is fucked up. And they recognize it, but they don't know who is responsible for it. And they become so malleable and so open to, to responding to anybody that will look at anybody that will recognize their frustration and say it's actually because of this and that.


And I think Trump tapped into that so perfectly. And that's why he won, that's why he defeated the Democrats. Yeah. So handily because he was like, yes, you're angry. I'm angry too. Why are you angry? 'cause woke lib tarts. 'cause DEI 'cause trans people, 'cause you know, undocumented immigrants, undocumented immigrants aren't your fucking landlord. They're not the one who's raising the price of rent. They don't own the, they don't own the mega corporations. They don't, they're not, they're not sitting at the board of BlackRock. You know what I mean? It's not a Guatemalan migrant that's sitting at the board of BlackRock purchasing all the fucking houses. Or they're not the real estate developers that refuse to, you know, add to the like much needed supply of housing.


Yeah. And instead put a fucking rag and bone in every town. Dude, I fucking hate rag and bone. Well, it's just Like, dude, don't tear down cool areas and just put up a ragging bone, dude. Yeah. It's not fucking cool. But no, I, man, it's interesting. I never really heard it put like that. Like, and then of course the other things, you say these other things to people that doesn't feel you gotta point, you have to approach people with something they can point a finger at and it's, they're, whatever they're pointing at is close enough where they feel like it, it can be reached, right? Yeah. Like those are things that it's like, but also those are things like you, you, you label like, and Trump talked about 'em last night on some of the congressional address.


I think it was the party address last night. Yeah. He, he did a, he did like a fake state of the union. It was a joint congressional address. Joint congressional address. Yeah. Because he talked about some of those things like DEI. Yeah, Bro, they, they cut DEI now planes are fucking falling outta the sky, man. We need to bring Pete Buttigieg back as the transportation secretary. He needs to fix the problem. Was He a dog in there? No. No. We Need black pilots. Dude. First of all, black people can jump better. So how are you not gonna have a fucking black dude in a plane, bro? What? I don't know. I don't know about the jumping. I don't know. I dunno how to Well, I'm just saying factor into the, to the, to the pilot program. But still, dude, you, if I see a, if I saw Michael Jordan in the cockpit, that bitch we're gonna stay up.


That's how I'm feeling. Oh, 100%. Like That's where I feel, You know, now I, now, now I, I think on, you know, now we, if I get on a plane and I see a white man, that dude better be in a polyamorous relationship. Okay. I need that dude sucking dick. Okay. No dude, I need, I need something I need. If he's straight and he's a, he's a straight white male, that plane is falling. Dude. What? That's what's going on. Trump came in, he killed DEI every day there's another fucking plane crash. But is it white dudes doing it? Here's The thing. No, no, I'm fucking around. It's not, I'm not being serious. Oh, sorry. Even though, even though republicans do think that that is real, where they're like, oh, if there's a black woman pilot, that's why planes are falling. It's like, no dumb ass.


It's because of fucking capitalism. Like they've, they've literally undercut every aspect of production to make more money. They constantly outsource, they constantly send certain aspects of manufacturing to, to other countries where there's like less regulation and less restrictions that makes them more money. And that's why fucking planes are, you know, the doors are exploding and shit while they're flying in the, is That one of the rea is that one of the real reasons you think it's going on? That's 100% the reason why it's going on. Bring it up. See if we can, that's a good question. Why are, why because it, there seems to be these little times in history where it's like, okay, for this year, it's almost like they press a plane trouble button and it's like, oh, now there's plane trouble. Well That's also because, you know, minor incidents happen all the time.


Right? But the media hyper focuses on them when it becomes like a hot button topic. That's what it is. And, and there are obviously freak accidents as well. Like they all freak accidents happen. But I think there's never really like a, like a perfect example, like a perfect demonstration of why these things are happening more frequently. Yeah. Lemme see what this even says. No, there were actually more plane crashes between January 1st, 2024 and February 1st, 2024 when you compare the same time period this year to last year. So there were more crashes. Yeah. But the difference is the, the, the, the severity of like one big crash and then people hyperfocus on it.


This happened with Palestinian, Ohio. Remember when the train Oh yeah. Derailment happened. And everybody's like, why aren't they covering this? Well, you know, I'm, I, I'm a little bit of a foamer. I love, I love trains. Maybe it's 'cause of the autism, but like, you know, how many train derailments happening every year? Every single year? A thousand. Some of them are minor, some of them are major, right? So every single person hyperfocused on this, understandably. 'cause like they try to do a shitty ass coverup for it and be like, oh no, everything is fine. And There was gas leaking. Yeah. There was definitely like, Oh, you just feel itchy. It's normal. Yeah, yeah. Just keep drinking the water. It's fine that it's green, you know, shut up.


But because of that, then everybody started focusing on all these derailments and they were like, what the hell's going on? And it's like, there's a lot of that that happens all the time. It's just the media doesn't pay attention to it. Because if you paid attention to it all the time, you go crazy. It's like crime, right? Crime in big cities. It's a constant. Oh yeah. It's, you know, that is a buddy of mine was staying with me and he's from like the suburbs of Portland, right? Just like a very white neighborhood. And I'm living, I, I live in the middle of West Hollywood and you know, LA is not like New York or whatever, but it's still a city, right? Every time he heard firecrackers or whatever, like fireworks or whatever, he would freak out.


He's like, is that gunshots? I'm like, no man, that's just fireworks. Like, what are you talking about? And then he would hear like, you know, ambulances or, or police sirens and he'd freak out because like, if you live in a suburb and you hear police sirens Yeah. Some, something crazy happened, right? But if you live in a city, you hear it all the time. There's background noise. 'cause you know, there's always shit happening. There's, you know, tens of millions of people around. So how are you saying that relates to this? The what, what, what I mean by that is if you pay attention to it with apps like, you know, next door and citizen and ring and all this stuff, you start realizing that like it's happening all the time and it makes you go crazy.


Same with train derailments, same with plane, you know, plane crashes and whatnot. They're a, they're a normal part of this process. And you gotta look at the data and, and try to figure out if this is like truly unique or not. And in terms of the plane crashes, the, the deadly nature of some of them is unique there. There've been some big ones, right? Like with the Ronald Reagan airport one. But outside of that, like, you know, minor bumps at the Seattle airport or whatever, like, that's normal. He Had Hadda couple of 'em where it's like these planes almost hit each other and they would show you a video. And I watched one of 'em two times. I'm like, I didn't, that shit didn't even look close to me. Yeah. Like, but they just label it that way. It's definitely kind of fascinating. Then once something happens, you start to hyperfocus on it


more. This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. I've benefited from therapy. You know that. Jeepers, gosh. I, oh, I still, and I need more. I can't even wait to get online with my therapist later this week. It's become a regular thing in my life. Having somebody to talk to, especially as our world gets more disconnected at times. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, and idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. BetterHelp is there. BetterHelp is a fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. You can build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash theo to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HELP BetterHelp dot com slash theo,


would you consider yourself a Democrat? What do you consider yourself? No, I'm, I'm a leftist. That's what I, that's what I say, where I'm, I'm very critical of both parties in general. I, I don't think that either party really represents my interest. Like the Democrats sometimes will point to things that I care about, and they are, I guess, a little bit closer to the way I see the world and the Republicans are. But, you know, I'm, I'm actively critical of both parties. Yeah. Because I, I, I don't care. I don't care about party affiliation. I care about like, doing right by people. I care about, you know, helping, putting the interest of people over the interest of profits for corporations. Yeah. You know, I don't, I, I hate it when somebody tries to leave, like, oh, you're mag or You're this type of thing.


It's like that I've never wanted to be put in a box my whole life. I don't feel like there's enough parties really to represent the people. No. And I think the more information you get and learn, I think a lot of people start to feel that way. Like, I don't, this party really represents me, you know? But then there's such conglomerates of so many different little pieces that they almost feel like, well, I like this person in this one. I like this person on the chess team. So, or this rook, so I'm gonna, they will get my vote because they have that player. Right. Yeah. But yeah, I, I think that that's, I think as more people get more information and able to look into things more that, that, that kind of evolves. I think that there's, there's one thing that transcends party boundaries.


And I feel like you exhibit that tendency as well, and that is dissatisfaction with the government and the, and the two party system anyway. And I think Trump also captured the attention of a lot of people by making it seem like he was totally outside of this dynamic, where he was like, I'm an independent, I'm a billionaire. I'm rich. I don't give a fuck about either of these parties. You know, vote for me. And that's why you have a lot of people who love Bernie Sanders because he's, he's earnest, he's honest, and it's obvious that he's not like, you know, a Democratic party, Dick Rider. And he has a long track record of like, constantly doing right. By others, constantly advocating for, for things that like, you know, help people, even if he doesn't have much success, that Earnesty has, I think, created this, this unique phenomena of people that, like Bernie and also Trump.


People like yourself who, who think, well, these guys are anti-establishment. Yeah. I think, well, I think one thing about Trump was like, and I, I like, fuck it. Made you believe. 'cause people, most people knew him, like from rap songs, probably from being like a Rich, the apprentice white guy having rich guy hair, and then from being on The Apprentice, right? Yeah. Which was a very, you wanna know some Pretty monumental how that all shaped out. You wanna know something crazy about The Apprentice? It was one of the most diverse shows on network television at the time. It literally was one of the first shows of like prominently featured a bunch of black and brown people.


Yeah. In it, a bunch of gay people in it too. He was woke as hell. That motherfucker was doing DEI before anybody else. Now he switched up. You see this? He switched up. Yeah. I remember he gave flavor, flavor job, working, doing it a working at a ice cream shop or something one day. I remember seeing that episode. So, yeah, I mean, he was, I like, I, I just thought there was a moment where he's like, oh, anybody. 'cause you're right, he didn't seem like a political insider. He seemed like, you know, I think he's always been this, or notoriously has, it seemed like he's just been this kind of like real estate shady real estate executive guy. Yeah. Which I think at a certain point, some people were like, oh, I'll take that.


I'll take a ruthless business guy as our president, because politics has become a ruthless business. But I think, yeah, I think it, there was a thing like, oh, anybody could be president. Right? So that in a way felt a little bit like the American Dreamer. At least a little piece of like anybody, there was a feeling like, oh, he got it. There's 'cause nobody thought he would win. Yeah, that's true. So I think there was that comeback piece to him, right? Yeah. But then he was president for four years and people were like, oh, okay, maybe what? This wasn't so good. And then what did the Democrats do? And who did the Democrats put forth? They put forth a cadaver who was like, no, we're going back to business as usual.


Baby. And Americans were so fatigued by Donald Trump where they were just like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna pay attention to television anymore. Like, sure, I'll vote for this guy instead. And then Brandon wins. And then everyone's like, oh my God, things are awful war's all over the place. Biden You mean cost? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Biden, I just keep saying Brandon. I'm sorry. So I so used to, I'm so used to calling him Brandon. Well, People say, let's go Brandon as like a Trump thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But then I just don't want people to get confused. Yeah, my bad. So Biden comes in and, you know, wars everywhere. Cost of living crisis. Like a lot of the resentment and anger that people felt in 2016 towards Hillary Clinton because their situation wasn't so great that caused them to vote for Donald Trump.


Never, it was left unexamined. Like it was never recognized. It was never fixed. Right. So when all the stuff piles on, people are resentful again. And lo and behold, they wanna put that mallet, they wanna bring the mallet back in to just like hammer the federal government. 'cause there's like, we fucking hate this. We hate the, the way things are going. So we'll give this guy a shot again. And that's how you arrive at Trump too. And now he is doing the mallet, he's, he's ripping over the administrative state. He's doing mass layoffs of the federal regulatory agencies. And it's crazy to me that people don't understand that. Like, these are the same problems that have persisted.


That he's basically worsening by, by also, you know, removing tens of thousands of people that work for the federal government with like, decent paying jobs. I'm a big advocate for more government employees. I, I think we should have millions more, not less give everybody a fucking job. Oh, well, I think that we should have, I think women should get paid so that they can be at home with their children. And that, that way, or, or a man if one of them wants to work. Yeah. Yeah. No. And then the other one can be at home to be a parent. You know, I wish that that was something that we did with our money. They would never do that though. That's the problem.


They hate. There was a case for it at one point. Yeah, I know. But I'm saying like Republicans, especially Democrats won't do either. 'cause like both parties kind of like the austerity stuff. Like they, What does austerity mean? Austerity Is belt tightening. Like fiscal belt tightening as in, you know, lowering expenditures and, and cutting social safety nets, basically. Well, I think people are getting to their wits and where it's like, nobody believes that either one of these parties is doing anything. Right. I think 'cause you've had the same problems, you've had the same things happen time over time. And maybe some of it at a certain point you realize, well, that's just the cost of business. Just like, it's just become so bloated. It's become more about them. Like you're saying more about corporations and less about everyday people.


Yeah. I Mean, it's never been, And that's just what it is. Yeah. It, it is never been about people, in my opinion. It's like new deal with a lot of like socialist communist pressure at the time. FDRs New Deal, you mean? Yeah. FDRs New Deal. Definitely. What didn't bring it up? FDRs New Deal. Definitely brought forth a lot of prosperity to America. Like got us out of the muck of the Great Depression. The New Deal was a series of domestic programs. Sorry to interrupt you. I just wanna, was it series of domestic programs? Public works projects and financial reforms and regulations enacted by President FDR in us between 33 and 38, 19 and 19 hundreds with the aim of addressing the Great Depression, which began in 1929. Wow. Dude. So he Had Hadda be right on the back of the Great Depression.


Yeah. Because people always, they always like, they'll quote him all the time, you know? Yeah. He he did, he did a lot. Look, he dealt with the pressing bank crisis of the Emergency Banking Act, 1933 Banking Act, federal Emergency Relief Administration. We set up social security. I mean, there's so much, there's so much that they did in that era. 'cause like Americans were, were, I mean, they, they were experiencing tremendous, tremendous hardship. So you're saying a lot of this felt like it was done for the people? Yeah, it was done for the people because it was a necessary, it, it was, it was basically necessary for them to do this. Got it. At the time, because of all of the deregulation in the banking side with oil barons and, and all these like robber barons basically like picking apart and, and dominating everyday American existence and, and the economic collapse that came with that.


And then someone Had Hadda come in and fix this shit. And I think Donald Trump is, is basically not doing the FDR thing, but the reverse. He's fucking it up and taking it back to like a pre New Deal era where, And giving it more towards corporations, you think? Oh, 100%. I mean, he got Bill, he got Elon Musk right there. He is the richest guy on the planet. He's just putting his dick through his weird, ugly, egg shaped penis through every single regulatory agency. Have people seen his penis? I haven't seen that. I don't Know. That's what, I don't see that kind of stuff. Yeah, They were, they were saying, they were saying he is got a weird dick. Really? I believe It. First of all. Yeah. If, if dude, if I'm Elon Musk, I'm definitely getting a crazy dick. I'm getting a fucking designer dick. I'm getting a, no, that's The, that's what they, They're two seater.


I'll get a damn three seater cop. Yeah. They're saying I'll put suicide doors on my, if I'm, if I'm Elon Musk. But here's what I would say is to, to counter, to counter the thing about Elon is like, or just to discuss it really. I think people are like, we don't give a fuck who's auditing this thing? And finally there's like, oh, this is the person to audit. This is the person that's gonna audit. This is somebody we can blame if something fucks up. This is somebody that at least they're saying that they're gonna audit the government. Like why, why do we even have to audit our own government? But we, We have, see that's the problem. We already have a auditing agency. So these guys, unironically created an additional agency, which is redundant to eliminate redundancy.


And That's interesting. The, the, The unfortunate side of this is that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. So they go in and they just like, pull data and they basically make these public declarations about, you know, a billion dollars is going to this or that. Oh yeah. Like they, they straight up lied. They were like, Oh yeah, we already cut like $200 billion of funds. And then like the New York Times and all these other, like actual investigative reporters went in, looked at the data and they were like, dude, that's a lot. Like, there's one instance where they claimed that they cut $8 billion and they actually cut $8 million. Like, how do you carry over so many goddamn zeros? They're just like, ah, fuck it.


Who cares? No one will fact check it. No one will look it up. Well, The crazy thing is though, now you have, you have whoever our, our, our, our original auditing system was. And then you have this second, and now we have this second auditing system. But dude, it goes to like, it's so, like, I'll have a fi I'll have a financial, like an investment banker, right? But I, there's times, and I probably should, I wanna hire somebody to audit my financial advisor. 'cause I'm like, is this guy stealing money from me? You know, because you hear so many stories of people getting stolen from just like, in entertainment, different industries, whatever. But it starts to be like, I don't even know who to trust anymore.


And I think that's where most people feel like it is. It's like, I don't know if most people necessarily feel like that Elon or Doge is the best, but it's like, now it feels like, okay, well there's a government system that's supposed to be doing this, and then there's a privatized system that's supposed to be doing this. Now who's the crook? Who knows? But then I think people look to Elon and they say, well, at least he came when he bought Twitter, which was a brave thing to do. It felt like it, it opened up more opportunity for free speech. Like, things you couldn't share on there six years ago. You could share on there now, bro, I think, I'm not saying all that's true. I think it sucks now. I used to love Twitter.


Oh, It Twitter's got bad. It it's scary. It was, it was already like, kind of lame. 'cause like yeah, when it was owned by liberals, it was like, also, it also wasn't, you know, the most fun platform, I will say. But at least there was like some semblance of regulation where it didn't feel like, you know, it, it, it didn't feel like the, the madhouse that it is now where I, I mean, I know that it's like my algorithm as well, I'm sure. 'cause I'm in politics, So I see a lot of political shit. But bro, there's like, I mean, here, I saw this this morning. There's a guy who straight up said, Adam Schiff raped a minor at Chateau Marmont and it has 70,000 likes.


And I'm like, what the fuck? It's like a Q Anon thing. I know, I saw that out there. Yeah. There's so many. No, it is not even this. There was a dude who like, No, this is, that's not even Adam. That is, that's fucking, If you look at Well's crazy. No. Anthony Bourdain. They're saying Anthony Bourdain saw him rape the minor and that's why they actually killed Anthony Bourdain. That's their Q Anon loves talking about how Anthony Bourdain saw like Hillary Clinton chop babies up or whatever. And he was right about to come out against them. But if you look up Tru Anon, Tru Anon, actually no, no truant on Twitter. What is Tru Anon? Is it a cool source? Tru Anon is my my friend's podcast. It's the number one anti pedophilia podcast out there.


Here. No way. And then keep scrolling. They posted it. Oh, here it is. Here it is. Awakened. Outlawed. That's the one. The witness is anonymous anonymously. One Of the most persistent Q anon beliefs is the huge number of people think that, you know, some of us remember when you raped a dead child? 76,000 likes. Damn, Bro. That's crazy. You think he, he like, I fucking fucking hate Adam Schiff. Right? Okay. Yeah. Trump's funniest thing is when he calls him Adam, shit, okay, I hate him. He's my, he he's my fucking Congress person. He sucks. Alright. Massive pro-Israel guy. That's an insane thing. You, yeah. You are a fucking schizo. Like, what the Fuck? But that's a crazy thing.


Now. People will just, you see things and then you start to believe it. Oh dude, I realize Twitter starts to like, it'll start to rot my mind. I'll start to get, and then it feeds you something. Yeah. It's like, that's a scary, and that's another scary thing just about social media. It's about where we're at. Things just feel so you don't know what to, you'll open it up, you'll close it. Now you're furious. All you were doing was looking for something on your phone. Yeah. You're bored for 10 seconds. You opened it up. Now you got two links to some shit. Now you're furious. Now you close it. Now you're back in the grocery store where you were a minute ago. You're on the fucking food aisle. But now you are A, you're angry, You're ape shit insane. That a kid, a deceased kid somewhere hypothetically got molested by a, By a sitting American rep, like a American Congress person.


Get Yeah. Yeah. And then it's like, you wanna buy a pussy fart coin or whatever, and you're like, and then you don't even know what to do. Retardo. Yes. It's like, oh, retardo is going to the moon and you have all these fucking clan members or whatever trying to sell. Like, just, it just, it's gotten, it's crazy. It Every, but that's what I mean. Like, they, it was like a Twitter before It was different. Crazy. Before, before. But it, it was, it was definitely not whatever the fuck this is. And there's so much bottom of the barrel shit too. 'cause of the monetization stuff. Like people, one of my favorite funniest things that I experience all the time on Twitter is like, you got like, you know, Genoa radio or like saving the white race, or we gotta save the west accounts, right?


Like they have all these fucking accounts. Every single motherfucker on those accounts is from India. Every single motherfucker that does the, we must preserve the white race. Every single one of them is, is operating those accounts outta India. Wow. Because Why I wonder what, What do you mean? Because you make like 10, $15. That goes a long way in India as opposed to Oh, that's a good point. As opposed to like a, like a real racist in America. Well that's DEI at another level, they, you think about it. Yeah. They're using all of those accounts. Like there's all of those big prominent like, you know, white culture accounts. Oh yeah. Honky honkeys do it better or whatever. Well, I don't know about the Honkeys one, but because Honky seems like, you know, I don't think a dude in India knows what a honky is, but, but I'm talking like the, the, the culture critique save the white race accounts and all those like Defend Europa accounts.


Like every single one of them is like, it is like a Malaysian dude. Yeah. You know what I mean? And he's just like, yeah, I'm gonna make $50 this month. That's a big, you know, that's good. Save that White race. Yeah. He's just in there. Yeah. And, and you know, they post like the, the shittiest fucking videos as well. It's unbelievable. It's addicting So much porn too. Fucking It's too much porn. It's too much porn. Because I'll be, I'll be trying to take care of myself doing decently. I'll just see something, an edge of a tit or something flies by. It's just, and then it just is like, you get, you can just get stuck pretty easy, jerking off or whatever it gets. And then I get sad and then I get ashamed of myself. And then I just, and then I don't even sleep in my bed on those, like, dude, all nights like that. I will sleep on the couch. It's almost like, I don't even, it's like, damn.


I know. It's like I'm a, it's like I'm divorced in my own fucking, and I just live alone. It's like, bro, that's like, it's almost like I'm a husband that got caught jerking off. So now you're sleeping out on the couch. You Gotta resolve that, man. There's nothing wrong with jerking off, especially before you go to sleep, you know, it's like a nightcap. Yeah, kind of. But if you Had Hadda crack so many nightcaps over like 20, 30 years, you're like, oh, I'm fucking, I'm an alcoholic at this point, you know? Oh No, I, I mean, I've never, I feel like I feel like there's a time and place for that in my, in my regimen. You know what I mean? It's like right before I go to sleep, that's the perfect time to do it. There's never been a moment where I'm like, in the middle of the day, I'm like, yeah, I've never been That guy. Shit. I Gotta crank it.


But I feel like a lot of those, like porn addiction guys are like that. So I'm like, yeah, yeah. It's not, it's not for me, but maybe you should stop porn. That's how I feel when I, when I hear about some of their stories. Oh yeah. I Had Hadda buddy who had curtains put inside of his car and he would go and just close 'em up so he could sit in his car and masturbate without feeling like, you know, like people were gonna point at him or whatever. What the f Pretty crazy. Yo that dude needs to be institutionalized. Does he? What do you mean When You do this? No, put a fucking stray jacket on that motherfucker. Stop you. He, he's gotta, he's gotta be put in a room like, like train spotting. Like he's gotta quit cold Turkey. Like he's quitting heroin In Soho. That's considered off Broadway, dude. Yeah, no, No way. Dude, no.


Render him immobile for like a week and oh my god. The amount of, the amount of energy that he probably has in there trapped in there. If he doesn't jerk off for a week, he's gonna start levitating. He's gonna come out of there like, like a god His car to start running on his own, on his own seamen or whatever. I shouldn't have said that part. But you had Bernie Sanders on your show? I did, Yeah. Pretty cool man. Yeah. How awesome was that? Yeah, He's, he's the man I love Bernie. Did you find it interesting that people cheered so much against him when they said that he also took money during, like remember that a couple of months ago? What? Not a not a judgment against him. I think all these people, I think when you get into politics right? It's almost like being in a big family.


And if you want something done, it feels like you have to, there's, it's almost just like, Took money from what though? Well, what did they say that he took money from? Who? Oh, RF K Said it. Because that was during His, during that, during, when he was interviewing Rf k during RFKs hearing, he claimed that Bernie was taking money from you. Yeah. That's that's not, yeah, that's not correct. He never got money from the pharmaceutical industry. Like from the, from the big corporate lobbyists. He probably got, so the way this works on open secrets is like, Lemme just read this so just So I can, You can read It. Yeah. The figure cited by Kennedy referred to the industry in which individual donors were employed. Yeah. Okay. Oh, 'cause Kennedy said that he, of that Bernie Sanders got a certain amount of money. Yeah. And this is just a clip. This is, this is actually goes perfect example of what, what we've been talking about.


Yeah. Where you see a clip of something, right? In 2020, this was the claim. Senator Bernie Sanders was the single largest receiver Yeah. Of pharmaceutical money in Congress. And the context was this figure cited by RFK Junior referred to the industry in which individual donors were employed. Yeah. It did not refer to funds originating from or directed by pharmaceutical companies. So what what that is, is the way that they, the way that when you make a donation to a politician as an individual, it gets filed with the FEC. Right? And in that filing, you write what your job is. Right. And if you work in the pharmaceutical industry, if you work for Johnson and Johnson as a janitor, that basically gets tracked as like Johnson and Johnson in the, in the section of like, whichever sector you're a part of.


So like a lot of nurses gave donations to Bernie Sanders. So that's like technically still lobbed under like healthcare and it was not Yeah, it, it, it was never, I see. It was never from like the executives. It wasn't like executives giving millions of dollars. It was like the fucking janitor works there or like, you know, like an accountant that works for this company, but it Gets filed. Yeah. So that, it looks like that in some sort of Well, They just, it's good to have like, knowing What sectors are donating To, knowing what knowing sectors are donating. Oh yeah. There is room for nuance, of course. There. And, and RFK was falsely claiming that he was getting money from like CEOs and like the industry, industry pacs or whatever, when that wasn't the case.


It was just like random people that work for these companies, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I think it makes, I mean, it totally makes sense to me that that's the way that it could happen, you know? Yeah. But it's so funny. RFK probably saw a clip or heard, you know, it's just like, it's so, it's like, I think RFK knows better. I, I, I don't, I don't trust any of these guys. I'll be honest to you. Like, whether it's RFK Trump or any number of these people, or you know, Democrats as well, like Kamala Harris, like, I think RFK definitely knows better. He's just saying that because it's a good line and people will believe him. Yeah. And I mean, look, that's how it works. I know. 'cause like Joe Rogan talked about it too, where they were talking about like Elizabeth Warren and, and Bernie Sanders getting money from like these, you know, big pharmaceutical corporations.


That wasn't the case, but it got a lot of mileage on that side of the internet. That's the other thing that I am frustrated by where there's like no consensus on this stuff anymore. Like, what does a consensus mean? Like, we all agree on one thing. Yeah. And you don't have to agree on one. Like, not everybody has a get together and agree on the same thing, but like, there's no, there's no established truth anymore. Right. Where everybody's just like operating on whatever the fuck they think is the, is the truth and, and heavily leaning into their biases. And I feel like the internet has become way more echo chambered in that regard. And it's very frustrating to see, you know, There's no, there's no, what'd you say? Con con consensus.


Consensus. So there's no like regional place you can go to except now almost your own gut or if you're of influenced by clips or whatever, right? Yeah. But we're dumb asses, you know what I mean? I agree. Like, we're, we're fucking stu I'm stupid. Like I can't, yeah. I can't gut check everything. Like, dude, I can't even fucking keep up with you, dude. So I feel you. Well, what I'm saying is, is that better than us all being under the influence of some consensus? I'm not, I'm not disagreeing with you, I'm just looking at it. Right. I think it's, it's good to have a, a healthy diet of both, right? Yeah. Like, you still need to have trusted resources that you can go to and rely on that will every now and then be like, that's wrong. You know what I mean? And, and I try to urge people to not get their media diet exclusively for me either for that reason.


And even my media diet itself is incredibly diverse. I probably watch more Fox News than I watch like CNN and shit partially 'cause they're more entertaining. But, you know, I I I look at everything I I so that I can develop a better understanding of like what people are saying and what people are believing in general. I Need to do a better job of that. I think of finding my information diet, you know? Yeah. And just where does it come from? It's not, I just don't get enough of it. A lot of times, A lot of times I operate mostly just like on my own feelings kind of, which is in the end kind of your instincts or whatever. But then I start to notice that things that I get influenced by and like my own algorithm and things, it's like, well, I'm fucking getting influence. Yeah. You know, I'm up last night in the middle of the night and it's like, have I reposted too many TikToks about Gaza?


You know? And I'm up for 40 minutes last night laying in my bed and my brain's calculating in front. But shit like that, you know, it's like, but it's just 'cause I'll get to my, you know, it's like none of it's bad stuff really. But it's, I'll notice if I get on my Twitter thing especially, I'll get angry. I get a, and then I'm like, if I'm at least aware of this is happening, people that aren't aware, that aren't even thinking like, oh, this is affecting me. They're just being affected. Yeah. Then it's like, man, My, my, the way I see my goal, like the way I see my job is to basically get people to understand why they're angry and then get angry at the appropriate vectors. Like where, who's actually causing harm in their immediate lives. That's why I actively urge people to unionize and work to organize in their communities and organize in their, in their workplaces in general.


So they have a network of support with like, not necessarily even like-minded people, but like people that have the same interests, right? You don't have to like your coworkers all that much, but no matter what, your boss is still fucking you over in the exact same way. Right? He wants you to work the most amount of hours for the least amount of pay. You wanna work the least amount of hours for the most amount of pay. This is a contradiction, right? So how do you resolve that? The only way to, to overcome the unlimited amount of, of power that your boss has over you is by getting together and being like, Hey man, you gotta give us a better contract. Right? Like, those are the things that I advocate for. So that people develop a better understanding of who's actually harming them and maybe improve their, improve their lives immediately in the short term, and then build on that momentum.


With that said, do you think we should have like a higher minimum wage, you Feel like, I mean, I think that's one part of this story, but I do too. It's not, I've thought about it a lot. I've listened to people talk about it. Yeah. I think it's good. But that's still a bandaid solution, I think. Like there needs to be more labor backed control in general, like Unions and stuff. Yeah. Labor unions. Yeah. We have, we have 10% union participation rate in this country is lower than other countries that we fucked up like Chile. Wow. And we fucked up Chile. We did a coup there. We set up a dictatorship chi And, and they still are able to unionize orthodox. And we Yeah. And we wrote re rewrote their constitution and they still have a higher union participation rate than we do.


They have 15% in Chile. We have 10%. Do you see, because that's, we had the, we had the teamsters president of one of the teamsters union presidents on Oh yeah. You Was Sean O'Brien. Yeah. He was Interested. I've, I've, I've, I've interviewed him before. I've like had some convos on him. He has a podcast now. Oh, He does? Yeah. I didn't know that. I saw him at the inauguration. It's just interesting to, I'd never talked to a teamsters union president. I've heard of the teamsters, you know, I watched Newsies or whatever, like when I was a kid. A bunch. Yeah. But, but it was just interesting to see that, you know, to learn about unions and see how they work. And then some people are like, well, once you get unionized, it's hard to, you don't have as much individuality. So if I'm super a hard worker and I'm self-motivated, then maybe I don't want to be a part of a union, you know?


Yeah. But I could see that as a safety net for people to have a union against corporations. Like Yeah. To me it makes perfect sense. Like Yeah. Otherwise they're gonna clean out your pockets. They're going to, that's, look, every union, every union member will tell you like, the, the motto for unions is united, we bargain divided we beg. Right? You can either go and, and be like, I'm such a good guy, please. Like, look at how hard I'm working. And then in the off chance, maybe get recognized by your boss and maybe get a little bit extra money on the side. Or you can get together with your, you know, you can get together and, and engage in the act of collective bargaining and force the company's hand into offering you better benefits and basically claw back the profits that you're generating for them.


Because without the workforce, you got nothing. Right. What do you, what do you think the fucking CEO is gonna build a table? No. Yeah. You know what I mean? He doesn't know the first thing about building tables. Right? Right. It's just gonna, all, all it's gonna be is is a bunch of wood on the factory floor without you. Right. Workers are the ones who add the value. Who generate the value. Yeah. Bernie has a good, Bernie Had Hadda. Good thing about that. He said that, well, if we're gonna shorten people's work weeks, right. He, well, he, he was talking about having a shorter work week. Yeah. And then that since companies profits are going up Yeah. Then the employees, the amount that they should make should go up. It's like, yeah. It shouldn't just be the company at the top that has the increase. Yeah. So I mean, AI is a perfect example of this, right?


Like, it's very disruptive to the, to the environment. I don't like that. But more importantly, also on top of that, it's, it's used as a way to displace the existing labor force, right? Because now you can just get the machine to do the job of the person that was doing the job beforehand. I'm an advocate that like, no, you should still keep that person employed, pay 'em the same amount of money, make 'em work less. Why? I mean, why are you firing this person now? Right? Because AI's a tool, right? Right. But the way that we, the way that companies work under capitalism is whenever there's a technological advancement like this, right? This has allowed us to be on 24 7.


Now, you can have so much more output as a worker, right? You can be you, you can, you can be online at all times. Productivity rises in that process. Your boss can get ahold of you at all times. Yeah. Your boss can get ahold of you at all times. You're more tapped in. You're more, you, you're more aware of what's going on in the world. And, and, and, and you can be a better worker because of that. But in that process, bosses look at that and go, okay, now I can make one guy do the work of five. I'm gonna fire four fucking people and I'm gonna make the one guy do the work of the other four people. And that is how, that is under capitalism. That's how it works. Where they use technological advancements that increase productivity to displace the existing labor force to just basically fire them.


And instead of lowering the hours that the existing workforce worked and maybe even increasing their pay in the process. 'cause they're still doing the same work. Yeah. You know what I mean? And 'cause they're fucking human beings. Like that's why. Exactly. At a certain point it has to tip towards a actual revolution where people pick up, and I dunno if we can say this or not, but I'm, I'm A big, I mean, I say it all the time. People call me radical for that. Really? I'm a big revolution guy. I've always had little dreams of like, or semi revolutions or like regional or whatever. At least I hope at least I can make it to the regional revolution. Like, I understand if I don't make it to the national, but I wanna be on a horseback or at least on a fucking standing next to a counter, one of the, one of our po like bosses or whatever.


Like I want. No. Why? Why? See, that's why. 'cause that is fucking overthrowing the system. Think about I know, but think about the way you presented that you want to count or a boss to, to be the leader of the revolution. Somebody's gonna have to have some sort of fucking Leadership. I agree. But it should be people back revolution. That's what's Oh yeah. People. But one of us gets mildly elected or Something. Yeah. But not a boss or a fucking politician. Those guy, or a account's gonna be, it's gonna be a a, an organizer, an activist, someone with a, someone with a background, someone who understands the needs of the people. It's gonna be somebody also who works at a renaissance fair full-time who can be on a horseback, who can handle the type of, when you think about it, I'm not even joking as on, it's kind of crazy what you will need a dude who is fucking, I mean, I'm willing to ride through here with a spear, but Yeah, I, at a certain point, if you let so many people go just to appease a company, to appease corporations, you're just gonna have more.


Those people have to, at some point there has to be a revolution. Isn't that how revolutions happen? Like Yeah. I mean, when, when conditions worsen to a certain degree. Yeah. People go, alright, enough is enough. We're backed into a corner and they start recognizing that like they're being fucked over. But that can also lead to a dangerous path where, you know, like, tell me about that. Well, the dangerous part about that is like if they're, if the people are not steered in the right direction to, to recognize who's actually doing the harm to them, they can be diluted by misinformation and think it's the Jews, or think it's fucking Anthony Bourdain Or Yeah, I think it's Adam Schiff who's apparently having sex with dead children in their minds.


Or think it's like the Guatemalan immigrant, you know what I mean? That motherfucker is not controlling your life. He is worse off than you and he has the exact same interest as you. He just wants to put food in his belly and to have a roof over his head are Talking the Guatemalans that came over the border and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I mean. Like a Guatemalan immigrant or a Honduran immigrant is not like, he's not dominating your life at all. They're not here to do evil. They're not here to do bad. They're here to just like work. They're fucking pick strawberries all goddamn day so our asses can eat those strawberries cheap as hell. You know what I mean? And then we turn around and we're like, yeah, they're all rapists drug dealer murderers. We gotta fucking purge the country of these people. And it's like, it is really fucked up.


How would you, how do you successfully do something like that then? Because I think a lot of people's concern, I think here's what happens is you're like, I'm not safe anymore. Right. And you start to feel right. There's people that get that, that were raped or killed. There was a couple instances where they, that they put 'em on the news, right? They were on the congressional. Yeah. You know, they had some of those people, Trump had 'em, Trump had 'em at the, at the victims at the congressional joint congressional hearing. Right. So I think you hear about those things and you're like, well, yeah, you start to, you'll start to apply 'em to everyone, I think, which Is crazy. The thing about that we say there's 20 million undocumented markets in this country. They come from every part of the planet. I, they do no doubt think that they're all, and to think that they're all one collective hive mind that's here to do like evil rapes and shit is psychotic.


I'm like, bro, like they don't even speak each other's language. Like, what are you talking about? Like, they have no unified hive mind here. But you, you basically learn to think that way. You learn to hate in that regard. And I think the media plays a big role in this, like right wing media specifically. Is it hate though, you think? 'cause it's like, I, I just fear It's fear. Okay. So I, 'cause to me it's like have a fucking organized system. If I go to a ca, dude, I, I go to, I went to Canada a couple days ago. It was heck, it was heck getting in and outta there. It's heck getting outta there. It's super organized. You know, it's like, but we should, it just, 'cause here's the thing, if you don't know who's in your country, then you can't do a correct census. You can't allocate things correctly to people.


You can't know who needs what in certain areas. Yeah. That's why they, that's why they also factor undocumented migrants into the census as well. But if they're fearful of the federal government, if they're fearful of the federal government, they're not gonna open the door for a census guy. That's part of the reason why sanctuary cities began to begin with. It was actually advocated for, this is something that, this is old lore. People don't even know this at this point. 'cause everybody thinks like, oh, sanctuary cities is woke tard bullshit, bro. It was the fucking cops in the FBI that was advocating for sanctuary cities. Why? Because whenever a murder or, or some kind of like violence happened in an undocumented neighborhood, cops would come in and nobody would talk to them. So they were like, don't worry. Say That part one more time.


We can hear it. That's important. I never knew that Sanctuary cities initially were proposed by law enforcement because they realized that whenever there was violence or like, you know, drug dealing or a murder that took place in an area where the witnesses were undocumented migrants, they wouldn't talk to the cops because they were fearful that if they talked to the cops, they were gonna get fucking deported. So in order to open up more collaboration and actually solve crimes like rape, murder and, and all these other like, violent crimes, they were like, we have to tell every undocumented American, like, we're not gonna arrest you. We're not gonna collaborate with ICE or INS at the time before ICE existed. We are, we are just here to serve you as public servants.


And that was the reason why it was law enforcement that initially suggested sanctuary cities. It wasn't like woke activists or whatever. And, and it's so interesting that like now republicans say it, it use that as a catchall term to be like, good point. Oh, bring that up. Oh, you're letting, you're letting criminals go. Basically. That's what they, that's what they make it seem like. That's what they imply. Bring that up. How did sanctuary cities get started? That's fascinating, man. Yeah. Sanctuary city policies were not originally proposed by law enforcement Or, but they were, they've come to support them for public safety reasons. Right. In the 1980s when church in the United States provided refuge for individuals escaping civil unrest in El Salvador, sanctuary city specifically emerged from protests against federal immigration policies that denied asylum to refugees.


However, many law enforcement officials, including police chiefs, have advocated for sanctuary policies. They argue that they argue that these policies help build Trust. These build the trust between immigrant communities and local law enforcement. This trust is crucial for encouraging immigrants to report crimes and cooperate with police investigations. Sanctuary policies allow police to focus on local priorities and prevent crimes. Wow. That's interesting man. I wonder though, perplexity, what's that? I'm sorry. What is the AI search engine or some shit? What is This? Yeah, this is perplexity, but they have all the sites sources cited. Alright. I think it's interesting then though, I wonder how many cities then jumped on it as a, even on the democratic side to say like, or left side, whatever you wanna call it, but like to say, oh, I better be a part of this now if I want my voters to then vote for me.


You know what I'm saying? Like, so sometimes like it, the political kick kickball gets created one way, but it also gets used in a field in another way. Well, it's not, I don't, not saying one is right or wrong or Anything. Don't think a bad anyway. Like I, because I'm, I'm a, I'm a active amnesty advocate. Like I think if first of all this is a civil offense, am like crossing, crossing the border is a civil offense. Right? Right. And you have a five year period where if you haven't done any crimes, like the statute of limitation is over. Now there's different legal, there are different legal interpretations of this and people go back and forth on it. But like, the way I think about it is like, if a dude is in here and they're working right, and they're not trying to do a, you know, they're not here to do evil shit.


They're here to just simply work. Give them fucking give them documentation. Well, the difference between an undocumented migrant and a documented one is just a piece of paper is paperwork. Process these people and allow them to contribute to our coffers in, in more meaningful ways. 'cause they already pay taxes, but they could be paying more taxes as well. Allow them To, do they pay taxes if they're undocumented? Yeah. 'cause they, they, they still, they, I think they still pay into social security because they have to get a social security number. Some sort of social security number. They pay for sales, taxes, things of that nature. You know what I mean? Like, there's, there's a bunch of different contributions that they make and they can't take advantage of any of the, the, the government programs anyway.


That's why a lot of republicans lie. They'll be like, oh, undocumented migrants are like stealing our, you know, our social safety nets. And I'm over, like, I'm over here. Like, what the fuck, what social safety nets do we have? What are they, we don't have healthcare. Like what, what are they, are they taking advantage of healthcare that we don't have? They don't have healthcare. Hmm. The thing is, they will, Republicans will literally factor in their natural born us citizen children into the equation to be like, see they're sending their children to public schools. It's like, bro, that's an American citizen. Right? The child is an American citizen. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. One in 15 households in this country is a mixed status household. One in 15. Oh Yeah.


You can't even TI mean you fucking, everybody's mixed now it feels like Mixed status. Like as in one parent is undocumented, like a non-citizen. Oh yeah. Yeah. So It's probably Mexican a lot of times. I would bet. And that's just even my Mexican friends that are always like, you know, my uncle's in the back or whatever, they'll say, you know, and I don't say anything, but it's like, I, you know, I think it's interesting. It's interesting like what things get, how things get framed right by the media, how things get used, how things like even programs like Sanctuary City, how does it then get manipulated and used as like a negative thing? Or is a thing where one party feels like, well, I better declare is this or I'm gonna be out of the money, whatever the next thing is like Yeah, I mean, there's definitely an incentive structure among politicians to advocate for certain things.


But ultimately I don't really care what the incentive structure is. If the, if the legislation is good, if it's a good thing, if Trump were to do a good thing, I would advocate for it as well. You know what I mean? Do you think That's true? 'cause it seems like I have in the past when Trump, when Trump, last time he was president, when he basically said, I'm gonna back away from this North Korea, South Korea shit, and I'm gonna let you guys handle it on your own own. And in the process, he actually reduced the, the military campaigns that were taking place around the Korean peninsula to, to allow these two countries to talk to one another. It's one country technically that we fucking cut in half. But that's a long history lesson. I'm not gonna get into North Korean, South Korea.


Yeah. And, and, and that was an objectively good thing. Like I said it at the time, I was like, and Rachel Maddow was very mad. He was like, oh, you're doing this because you love Vladimir Putin, or whatever the fuck. But like, no, that was the not a bad thing. Like let these guys hash it out and, and let them let them rebuild their nation. You know, why the fuck are we, like, why do we have, you know, 80,000 to a hundred thousand troops stationed all the time, you know? Yeah. It, well, I, I, I mean, yeah, it feels alarming. It feels like you have to have this military thing. I think one thing that I noticed last night was like the military has Had Hadda tough time getting recruits, right? Yeah.


Recruits recruitment has been down. Yeah. And so part of me always wonders, well, like, are the, did the powers it be then want republicans to be in office? Because they know that eventually if people are believing more in their country, again, it will incite more recruitments. I'm not saying that that's the truth, but you just start to wonder what the fuck is really going off. I'll tell you, I'll tell you what made recruitment numbers explode. Does That, does that make sense to you though? I mean, I, I know where you're coming from, but what made recruitment numbers explode initially was nine 11. That's it. People joined after nine 11 and after 20 years of just like, going out there and, and guarding, guarding like poppy fields and getting your dick blown off by some fucking dude who's hated you because you invaded his country when he was like 14 and probably killed his cousin.


You know, after 20 years of doing that, everyone was like, oh, this shit sucks. We kinda lost it here. Huh? Like, we did a Vietnam in Afghanistan and we Had Hadda pull out. So, and that was a good thing. Objectively, I think it's good that we pulled out of Afghanistan, but I think that's the real reason why people are like, why the fuck would I join the military? I can't even get a fucking charger anymore. You know, they, they stopped A Dodge Charger. The Dodge Chargers? Or was it, was it the Camaro Was one? Were they giving those out? They Were. That's the, that's the common military car. Oh, That's True. Huh? You sign off on one of those and the worst loan of all time. Oh yeah, dude, I would, And then your, your high school sweetheart is fucking the neighbor while you're out there.


Sometimes. I mean, yeah. When you're out there jerking off in a fucking bunker and in al But some dude's jerking off on you or whatever and you guys are changing each other's names after 8:00 PM or whatever and shit, I think shit gets pretty melodic out there. That's what I mean here. Like, why the fuck are you doing that? And then you come back and the, the American government's like, alright, we'll give you healthcare, but now you're busted. You need it desperately. And they're like, all right, we'll pay for your college. Okay, you go to college, you get a communications degree. Now you're, you know, six years behind the rest of your, your counterparts and you're in the same shit ass job market working, sucking the man's dick every day, working a, a, a dead end job that you despise.


Yeah. Or baby. And you're fucked up. And now every time you, you know, go to the grocery store to pick out cereal, you're having a crisis, like a mental health episode is fucked up. Well, or a lot of people will also go into the military, learn some patterns that help them to achieve well, my buddy Josh was in for a while. He got out and now he's able to be a good business owner just 'cause he learned, you know, he got up in the mor you know, it just, it helped him have some regimen, you know? Yeah, no, For sure. I don't think that regimen is bad. I'm a very regimented person. I just think that the military's output overall is, is, you know, you're just sending poor people from different parts of the country overseas to go dominate some other poor people so that rich people in fucking California can make more money so the Raytheon can send more missiles and, and make more missiles.


And, and you gotta use those missiles when you make 'em, you know? Yeah. If you don't use it, you lose it. Yeah. Yeah. The Oh, your missiles are going. Yeah. There's somebody said, there was an email one time, they're like, oh, your missiles are expiring soon. You should use them. It's like, what the Fuck? But they do that. They, they any, if you got homies who were active duty, they'll tell you like, you just dump so much money because they know that like it's gonna go bad. Yeah. Like you just fucking shoot it out into the sea. If you're in the Navy, you're just like, Let it pop that bitch off. Get out there after lunch today. Yeah. We're gonna fire a couple of these off at, and that's your, that's your salary. Like that's an island. Like nobody's there. Yeah. You're dumping payload into an island that is more than your salary times 10, because it's gonna go bad.


How is that not waste and fraud and abuse? I agree. Well, the fuck are they not working on that? My argument always is this, the American military is a jobs program. That's what it is. It's the, I think it's the second largest hiring body in the country after Walmart, if I'm not mistaken, it might be the largest. And I think instead of making those guys, you know, making these corn fed boys from Arkansas go out and, and you know, force them to eat res all goddamn day and, and be constipated for a fucking week. Make them build shit, you know, make them build shit in America. It is a jobs program. Who cares? Hmm. Make the output be good rather than bad.


That is what my argument is. The world's biggest employer is the Ministry of Defense, US Department of Defense. Oh yeah. The Indian Ministry of Defense is the largest and then the world's second largest employer. All, I guess the US Department of Defense is bigger than Walmart. Walmart and Amazon now. Man, that's a great point. I think, and maybe, and you know, I wish I, I knew more of what some of those groups did a lot of times. Well, the military. Yeah. But I agree with you. It's like, I agree. The fact that why are, why does the voter, why does the gun carrier, the water carrier, Al you're always at this, it's a caste system really in a lot of ways. You're, it is. Those are the people having to do the bidding of these elites, you know, of these countries and stuff like that.


But then at a certain point it's like, do I decide this is my, what, what, what integrity or what do I wanna have inside of myself when I'm doing that? I could be all day like, fuck, I don't wanna be doing this. This country's a piece of shit or whatever. Or I can have pride in what I'm doing no matter what in the spot that I'm existing in, in this sort of strata. Right. And, and I stand up for my country and it's just, you know, as we get more information, it's just, it's fascinating how things change. I just want like I, Or how things you learn more. I, I don't hate people. I just want them to, to have better lives. You know what I mean? Even people that I disagree with vehemently, like, I always stress this point where I say Medicare for all means for everybody.


Right? Even if you're a fucking Nazi, you're gonna get healthcare. Even if you don't want healthcare, I'm gonna fucking give you that healthcare. Yeah. I don't give a shit. Okay. You can cry about it all day every day. It's just, and I, I think that's the attitude that other people are supposed to have in this process too. Like, there's gotta be a universality to these proposals. 'cause like, I, I, I think we gotta do right by others. And we are not doing that right now. The American government is not doing that. And every, at every step of the process. And that's why the, the military is a great example of this. You know, we're just using and abusing these dudes and making them do a whole lot of awful shit overseas so that some rich asshole can make more money.


You know? Yeah. And, and then they're broken in that process. They come back, there's no, there's No way of like, repairing them. And we basically lie to them too. We're like, Oh yeah, you'll get a, you'll get a great job. You'll go to college, you'll be able to uplift yourself. And it's like, that should be available without you having to serve in the military. Yeah. But if that was available, if free college existed, if free healthcare existed, we wouldn't go to the military and no fucking buddy is going to the military. Why the fuck would you do that? Unless You had some real gunners, unless you had some cool Call of duty. Ver dance, modern warfare dogs. Okay. But that, but I mean, yeah, those guys are, But I'm saying you would still have some, right? Yeah, you would. But, But I agree. It wouldn't be This, it would be significantly lower amount Of people.


It wouldn't be this system that gets kind of manipulated and used. That's why they don't wanna fix it though. That's why they don't want to get free Healthcare. That's, but that's why there's, they don't want to fix so many things like that. Yeah. And that's what I'm saying. We learn more as we learn more about it. You start to see some of the clarity are, are some of you learn more, you have more information. But then how do I operate still when I have that more information? Like, do I, you know, it's tough because if I become a nihilist or, you know, so then I'm miserable. My ex, my day to day is miserable, you know, and I'm not disagreeing with you. I'm just saying it's how do we manage in those spaces as we learn more? I don't know. I'm, I'm fairly tapped into all of the, the shortcomings of the American government.


And yet I, I, I enjoy myself. I mean, I still, I still jerk off before I go to sleep. I still watch anime. I play basketball. I focus on myself. I think like there are certain things that you have control over, and that is your own body. Right. Your, your immediate friends and your family. And you should actively work on those things to, to, to basically not lose sight of your own humanity. 'cause it's easy to get lost in the sauce. Yeah. In the everyday cruelty that you, that you recognize is happening all around and it makes you go crazy. And in order to combat that, I always urge people to, to engage in self-improvement, set goals for yourself and try to achieve them.


That's how, at least how I've always managed this stuff. And also being around other people who aren't immediately agreeing to your, your worldview. Like, I, I love parks for that reason. I love third spaces, parks, recreation spaces. No, not like Parks and Recreation as in like the TV show. I mean like literal public parks. Oh yeah, dude. Yeah. There's a fucking, there's a band, or not a band. There's some homeless guys stole, I guess a band's high school equipment during Covid over by the, there's a park behind my apartment. And you could hear 'em sometimes practicing in like three or 4:00 AM they get some, they get a couple dudes tuned up in a tent or whatever and you could hear 'em, what song were they playing for a while?


Oh, love the way you lie. Just go stand there and watch you Burn. I dunno what instruments they had, but it's pretty cool. You know, they got a hold of the sheet music and everything, you know, but it's like, yeah, just making the most of where you're at. And also our military is there like you, it keeps us safe If there's flooding, if there, they do a ton of stuff, right? Yeah. The Army Corps engineers. Like, I interviewed a guy, you Know, I don't want people to feel like they lives are in vain. No, No. You know, I admire people that go and are willing to put their years of lives into Anything. Trump is firing those guys too, by the way, right now. Like the Army Corps engineers is like what you just described. When there's a flooding happening, like they build the levees, they build the bridges, right? Trump literally is firing those people too, is crazy.


Why is he doing it? Is he, because he hates the Army Corps engineers? No, because he doesn't give a shit. That's my point. He doesn't care. He is like, yeah, go Elon, do whatever you need to do. Fire these probationary employees. Nobody knows what probationary means. So they think like, oh, you know, it's good, it's good that we're like downsizing a little bit. It's like, no, dude, you're gonna start slowly but surely five years down the line, notice it. You're gonna start noticing that things are just not working. Yeah. Like air traffic control's a great example of this since the Reagan era, like the numbers of air traffic controls tr controllers, even though air traffic has increased, the number of air traffic controllers have not kept up with the increase of air traffic.


So you got towers where there's like one dude, there's gotta be like 30 dudes in that tower. I don't want the fucking plane, I don't want planes to crash. You know what I mean? Or probably more of 'em have started to work in, if that's true. Is there less FAA people? No, there's probably more FAA people E especially with like TSA and whatnot. But I'm saying that it hasn't matched up to the rate of air. Like there's more planes in the sky, is what I'm saying. Mm. When there's more planes in this guy, you need more air traffic controls. We're cut fa help supported Air safety Union President Donald Trump's administration has said no one at the federal FAA with a critical safety position has been fired as it cuts the federal workforce.


Some FAA jobs were eliminated, had direct roles in supporting safety inspectors and airport operations according to their union and foreigner former Employees. Yeah. This is another way that they lie, by the way. And, and Karen ba this with the LA wildfires, where she was like, oh, we didn't actually cut the LA FD budget. They did, they cut the support budget. But when you cut the support budget, yeah, sure. You're not cutting the actual firefighters right. By, you're not reducing their numbers. But when you cut the support staff budget, you're cutting mechanics. Yeah. When you cut the mechanics and your fucking fire engine is busted, you send it over and it just sits in a goddamn yard for months because now there's no fucking mechanics to fix the goddamn car. Yeah. So all of a sudden you're down one fire engine.


It's all, it all works together. I'm curious to see, 'cause Trump's making, you know, and there's so many like executive orders and things right outta the gate, and there's so much focus on him by the media too. But I'm curious to see if some of these things turn out to help long term. You Know, there's No way. I know I'm hopeful that they are, you know, do, like, I'm hopeful that, you know, if they're gonna cut Medicare or Medicaid, that it's also because they have the, they're gonna make price transparency from hospitals. Right. And, and so then there won't be, the expenses won't be as high. Right. Like, I'm hoping that there's some long-term strategy to a lot of his ideas. Like the same thing with Gaze and Israel.


I don't know if there is, it seems I don't like it, but I'm hope Trump, Trump, Trump is a major Israel dick writer. He's not, he's not changing that at all. I think. I don't, I can't, you couldn't find 30 of these people that aren't, it feels like These days. Yeah. No. Especially in the American government. It's, it's really, really awful. They, Yeah. I, I want things to get better and I hope it does, but the reason why I say I'm certain that it won't is because, like of what you just mentioned, right. 800 billion, $800 billion of Medicare and Medicaid that they wanna cut. Mike Johnson goes on stage, says, I goes on Kaitlyn Collins on CNN and says, oh, there's a lot of fraud happening. There's not fraud happening in Medicare and Medicaid on the point of the recipient.


Right. It's happening on the point of the providers. Right. And that's why I got banned recently on No Way on Twitch yesterday because Libs, I saw you got banned. Yeah. And I saw you just got back. Yeah. Libs at TikTok was like posting about how I said something and they, they misconstrued it as though it was a call to action to assassinate a sitting US senator. 'cause I said to Mike Johnson, 'cause I was listening to him back and forth. I, I said like, if Mike Johnson actually cared about Medicare fraud, he would tackle Medicare fraud happening at the point of the providers. But he's obvious that he doesn't care about Medicare fraud because if he did care about Medicare fraud, he would break Scott, who is responsible for the historic $1.7 billion worth of Medicare fraud.


And is he still working the bro? He's, he, he was a, he, he was a corporate executive at HCA at the time. Saw this in the nineties. The DOJ came after him and, and he basically quit his job. He got a $10 million compensation package after doing $1.7 billion in the men private Sector, in the private sector fraud. And then came and worked in public In the private sector. He got $300 million in stock options. Didn't see a fucking moment of jail time for that. Okay. And then now, and then he became Florida governor and now he's a fucking Florida senator and he's a prominent figure in the Republican party. I think he was like their head of their fundraising or some shit. I forget what his position in the Trump campaign and the Republican party is beyond the fact that he's a senator.


I don't know if they should allow people to go from one to the other, from private to public. You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. I, I just 'cause it just, obviously there's conflicts of interest when people do that sort of thing, you know? Oh, for sure. I mean, that's one aspect of It. But I agree with you. I agree. It's like, Yeah, That guy should be in jail. Like that's what I think. Yeah. Yeah. I I think if you do $1.7 billion in Medicare fraud, you should be in fucking jail. Like what are we talking about? I don't think you shouldn't be a Republican senator from Florida. Yeah. It says right here Rick Scott's role in the Columbia HCA scandal in 2003, Rick Scott's company, Columbia HCA, the largest private hospital chain in the US was found guilty of defrauding Medicare. The company was forced to pay 1.7 billion a settlement.


That was the largest medical fraud fine in US history at the time. Scott, who was the CEO, left the company with a $10 million severance package after the Scandal. 300 million stock options too. Wow. So do you start to wonder, so this was when he was in the private sector, right? Yeah. So it's, yeah. What's gonna be different if a guy comes over from that private sector to the public sector? Should, it's this like he's the Richest Congress person, by the way. Is he Really? Yeah. Fuck That man. Give us some fucking money. I think people should only be able to have a certain amount of money. Yeah. I mean, look, I don't, I don't necessarily care about how much money people have. I care about how they make their money, But No, I agree. How does this guy, how do you keep from Like, 'cause LeBron James right?


50,000 points. He crossed over that boundary. 20 plus years of dominance in the league. He gets paid a wage. He's a what is known as a one of the few people as like a, like a wage billionaire. Basically. If he makes that kind of money, that means he's making somebody else a fuck ton more money. Right. And I don't mind that he's getting paid these big bucks partially. 'cause he is my goat and I love him. Okay. And I think he deserves it. But also partially because he's not making that by like hiring people and then forcing them to work to the bone. He does have businesses. He is also obviously a owner of capital as well.


So he does a capital accumulation as well. But ultimately I just want people to be comfortable. And I think that if you are working a job, like you should be able to have a house, you should be able to live comfortably. Yeah. And it doesn't matter what job it is, you could be picking up trash. I think that's still obviously valuable. It's worthwhile. Also, I guess sanitation is one of the worst examples. 'cause they do have pretty solid unions. Yeah. We Had Hadda garbage man on. It was awesome, man. My buddy Wayne, he's got a podcast now called Trash Talk. But yeah. Yeah. They do pretty well. But then what about LeBron's companies if they're buying shirts from another country? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And that labor there and those people, that guy's sleeping on a tricycle seat at night. So 'cause he has to be at work again in the morning. So that part I I, that's what I'm saying. That part I don't agree with. Like I, but I'm saying if he was just making, you know, all of his money from just bawling. Yeah. And he is getting a wage. Like who cares? You know? I don't have an issue with that. Especially if the, if the, hold on. I got open my door. Sorry. I got, I got FedEx at the door and it's raining. I feel bad. Oh, it's raining out there, huh? Yeah. Alright. God. I got it. I did it. I did it. We brought 'em inside. We know who sent the rain in probably too. What? The the, the weather machine. Oh, the juice.


You're gonna say. You say so I'm illegal. That's what I say. The Jews. That's so funny. When the Jews come from me, I'll be like, I'm illegal. And So that's What I'm saying, David. See Like did this is, this is another example of like, you know, you could normal, under normal circle, you can make this joke, but then like, then there's motherfuckers who really believe it. Yeah. When there's like dudes who are like, no, you're Marjorie Taylor Greene was talking about how they have a weather machine. She wasn't saying Jews, but she was like, they have a weather machine. It's Real. But imagine you're rich enough. Say you were rich enough like a Mike, not Mike Jones or whatever, that's that rapper. But I'm thinking of Bill Gates, right?


If you had enough money, bro, you would fucking get it. And some guy like, look for one bill. I'll get you a weather machine. We'll get you the, you'd be like, I'd get that bitch in a heartbeat. Dude, imagine you're sitting at home, you're having your coffee and you're like, all right, Detroit, fuck you guys, here's seven inches. Right Dude, here's seven white inches. It's really the only way that freaking a, a white guy can give seven to 10 white inches anymore is by pressing that weather button. Is is Bill Gates pressing the weather button? He Is pressing the weather button. Yeah. But no man, I think it's, would you, would you have had Trump come on your show? But yeah, thank first of all, thankfully we can still joke around about stuff and we can have a sense of humor. Yeah. Imagine if we didn't as individuals have a sense of humor.


If we That would be, I I agree with you that That would be the Saddest. I, I agree with you. I love comedy. You know, I, I, bill Burr is my, is my goat. Yeah, Dude. I think he is. You know, I mean, you're a comedian as well. I'm, I'm obviously very good friends with Stave as well. I know you always go with him. He's, but the thing, He helped me some cookies. His mother made him. Oh do Me too. Yeah. When he was out here. Oh, okay. I ate all of it. Oh, you didn't like him? No, I liked him. I'm just sad that they're bipartisan snacks he's sending out. But No, I'm joking. Oh Yeah. Damn. No, listen, he's been, he, he was so sweet of him. He was just only friend of mine that did that. Very sweet of him. He Did, he also, He was like, my mother wants to see this.


Like, could, you know, Did he also show his fucking calendars? His naked calendars? Gimme those Two. Yes. He did do. Yeah. Those mo those those shit have been sitting on my desk. Every time I'll have like, bro, I'll have like, you know, prominent figures, like activists and shit at my, at my house. And I'm interviewing them. Like there was Moza Zaza, I'm interviewing him. He literally survived the genocide. He is a photojournalist from Gaza. And fucking staves naked body is just sitting there on the fucking desk. I'm like, oh my God. Like it's, it is fucked up. It's fucked up. Being friends with Stave is fucked up. That's why you can't trust the Greeks. Oh, now that look finally something that Lemme a Turkish man. We're Both, lemme tell you both Sided agreement on right there, dude.


Yeah. Bipartisan sha on that front for sure. You cannot trust these Greeks. Yeah. The third month of his calendar is Gorgonzola or whatever. I'm like, this seems like, fuck, it was like January, February, March, April baklava. June July. I'm like, that seems That's the other thing. Yeah. Stealing, stealing my people's food. Saying it's his Oh that. Oh, that's right. The tur Turkish bro is Turkish. We gotta, we'll have to talk about that next time. Would you have Trump won if he can't, if he would podcast with you? Fuck yeah. Do you feel like you, you're that far removed from getting to talk to guys like that? No. No. I mean, I've talked, well, I mean, you talked to Sanders. I don't even know why I said that. I talked, I talked to, I talked to Bradley Martin multiple times after like, I mean, he, like, I, I am not above like going on, you know, right wing podcasts.


I'm not above talking to people who've talked to Trump. Because I think, like, I don't care about like the partisanship angle of this at all. I want to be able to communicate to people exactly where the problems are and why people like Trump. Just like people like Kamala are not the, the perfect solution to any of these issues. And I would talk to Trump. I just don't think he would come on my stream. Like I, because he is, at the end of the day, he wants to go on a, he wants to go on a show where they're not gonna like, you know, push back too much. Right. He wants to come across as like, he wants to be humanized and he wants to come across as like a personal a, a personality that is, is not devoid of charisma.


And he's very telegenic. I, it was actually my turning point when I listened to him and you talk about cocaine when you were talking about doing coke and he was like genuinely expressing interest in it. I was like, oh fuck, this motherfucker's gonna win, dude, this podcast shit is working so good. Because first he did the Aiden Ross thing and that was like a bit of a dud. Yeah. I thought That Was kind of weird. Like, because that just like didn't work out at all. 'cause it wasn't like a normal conversation. Well, It didn't feel, it felt kind of planned. Yeah. Like they wanted to do like a video, like something like, let's do some social video. And I was like, I don't wanna do something like that. Yeah. Like the whole dancing and stuff in front of the cyber truck with a photo of him being Shot. Yeah. I Didn't love that either. Like that stuff, it didn't work at all.


But then I saw your podcast and I was like, oh my God, this motherfucker, this motherfucker's gonna win the, the goddamn presidency. But He didn't come. I mean, they didn't ask for any, they didn't ask for any edits, you know, that was the thing. They didn't say like, we need to see this. They didn't fucking have you guys have a good day. Yeah. But that's also because like, you're not, But I'm also not a political guy. Like Yeah, you're, this was a trip I fell into recently because, because you, 'cause you talked to Bernie Sanders like a week before. No. Yeah, that's what I mean. That was awesome. That's that's what I mean. So it's like you're not, you're not gonna like hit him on shit. You're not gonna hit him on like, stuff that he has no answer for. Well, 'cause I think my goal is to find, it's not a goal, but I just want to get to know people kind of. Right. And I realized, I, I, I fell on this trap recently.


I thought that just 'cause I'd had some poli political people on last year that I knew about politics. I do not. That was a trap. Even my own ego was like, oh, maybe I know something about politics. I dunno shit. Now I have some ideas. I know what it feels like to be kind of like, I feel like a just a pretty regular person. And then, I don't know, I try to find empathy here and there and figure things out. But, but I'm, and I'm learning a lot. I've learned, definitely learned a lot more than I knew two years ago for sure. But, but then to think that I, like, you know, I have to be careful not to like smoke my own nuts or whatever it's called where it's like you just bel you know, just because I had some politicians on, now I'm fucking, you know, Jim Rome or somebody, or you know, like a p you know, like Malcolm X, Malcolm X.


Malcolm X. Yeah. Malcolm X. Yeah. So, yeah. But anyway, but no, dude, I like your attitude. I like your charisma. I like that. I, I I wanted to talk a little bit more about, I know you have a, a program where you like try to co-op and put money back in a things that mean something to you and Yeah. My, my podcast is a cooperative corporation. So like everyone has equal say equal pay. Yeah. And there are different formations to that. Like you don't have to make it equal pay, but I just thought it would be the best pay possible way to go about it. But it's most importantly, aside from the equal pay, the equal say part is really important. We get together and, you know, if someone has a obligation, they're not showing up, it's fine.


You know, we, we, we make do we figure it out as we go along. And I think that's how you get, that's how you get the most successful business. Like for sure. That's, that's something that I stand by. And we still obviously have to hire contractors every now and then too. Yeah, For sure. You know, and we, and we could get together another time and talk about business strategy and things like that. I think it'd be interesting. But yeah, I just wanted to just Then yeah, we do a lot of fundraising. Like the other, the other day I had the, the no other land, the, the Palestinians who, who made a documentary about like their lives. They were on your show. Yeah, I had 'em. No, we Tried to get 'em, I had 'em on my, I had 'em on my house. Like I, they, they damn, they rolled up deep. They had like 10 people. Like the whole family was there.


Dude, No other friends. That's what I'd say. They fucking, we invited two of you guys. Well, yeah, they, I mean they also like straight up came from, you know, occupied Palestinian territory. Like they flew into America and, and you know, we were chilling. We were just like talking about, damn, that's talking about their experiences. That's pretty easy. And I interviewed them and then in the process, like the organization that actually brought them here, who works with, you know, a lot of Palestinians on the ground. Like, they were like, oh, can you share this link to, to fundraise? So I did. And we, we, in the hour long interview that we did, we, we fundraised a hundred thousand dollars. Now it's sitting at 135,000.


But like, that's the type of stuff that I love being able to do. 'cause like I feel so powerless a lot of times when I see all of this death and destruction. And I feel like it's, it's a meaningful way to be able to help to, to, you know, actively fundraise. Gives myself and a lot of people that watch me the opportunity to say like, you know, at least we're trying to do something, anything. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I, I try to do that to the best of my ability. We've fundraised for Palestinian eight organizations to the tune of I think like, almost more than $3 million at this point since, since October seven. Wow. Yeah, Dude. Yeah. I, no, I appreciate even saying that. 'cause I think that's something I need to hear more about.


It's on my brain and heart a lot. We started a foundation last year, but haven't started to figure out like what to do with the money or what exactly to do, you know? Yeah. Like, I would like to create a business that like, like I thought about like water, like you're selling water, but the money goes towards rehab for people that suffer from opioid addiction. You know, that sort of thing. Yeah. Just so it's like using something that everybody needs, but the finally the proceeds, it only goes towards this thing. There's not even a profit, you know, it's like, this is what it's for. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I need to be more, I've, I've done that in the past too. Like my, my, like I have Merch and it's US made, union made, and obviously the margins are incredibly slim for that reason.


American Giant, is that who does your Merch or no? Is it? No, it's, Bayside is my garment manufacturer. My garment provider is one of the only union shops that is a garment manufacturer in the country that can like, keep up with the demand that we have because there's a shit ton of people that are buying the t-shirts are like, and sometimes I'll just like, I will fundraise like, by, by saying all the proceeds, like every single point of profit is directly going to a labor union. Like we, I gave the Amazon Labor Union, I think it was like $170,000 or something like that. Damn off of just that. We fundraise, like I think around Oh, for Amazon packaging?


The Amazon Labor Union. Yeah. Okay. Like the people that work at the distribution facilities. Another thing I did li this past year was for, I don't know how to say the name correctly, but ese, it's, it's an organization that works with undocumented migrants in, in Texas specifically. And they give them, you know, translators and lawyers and, you know, they pay for lawyer fees and stuff like that. So I'm, I'm actively working on fundraising initiatives like that because I feel like there's a lot of stories that don't get told in mainstream media. That's why I interviewed the incarcerated firefighters that were combating the wildfires in la You know, there's prisoners that fight wildfires, right?


Oh, they send prisoners out to fight them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh wow. There's like a training program and stuff I'm working with, with a organization to, to go and actually see them at their prison, their training camp. Fuck yeah. Dude. Yeah. That's so creative, man. Yeah. That's, yeah. I, I'm glad you say these things because yeah, it's just stuff that I can remember to try to focus more on or, yeah. 'cause everybody, that's the crazy thing. It's like everybody at every point of something, most people need support, right? Yeah. Or they need some type of support. They need an ear, they need a blanket, they need a mouthful of pe they need a friend, you know, every, it's, there's a lot of ways to be a part of the world, you know?


Yeah. And always to try and find a corner where you can express care. Hasan Piker, thanks so much, dude. I'd love to chat again sometime. I know we didn't get to cover, you know, some stuff we did, but I just appreciate it, man. I, I think, yeah, I just think it's important too that, that, that people just get together and talk about stuff. You know, I wish I'd have been able to like, kind of like, have probably some stronger political conversation with you. Some of that stuff I don't have as strong of a knowledge base in, but, but I admire you dude, and I admire the way you operate. And, and I really appreciate your time today. All right. Thanks for having me, man. This was great. And I'm, I'm sorry I have to have streamed for so long too, dude.


No, I love it. I, I, I, that's the things that I just told you in the last three minutes is exactly why I love what I do. 'cause I have a, a, a giant community with a big heart. Yeah. And I, and I think that that is what makes everything worth it. Because like I said, there's, there will, there will be people swearing up and down that I'm the worst person that you've ever, that you've ever met. No matter where I go there, it's just noise. It's mostly people that are online that doesn't like translate to real world experiences at all. But in spite of all of that, in spite of like, people constantly working to actively smear me to say I'm anti-Semitic, or I love terrorism, or whatever the fuck with clips outta contacts and all this shit, at the end of the day, I get to make an impact.


And that's how I see sleep soundly at night. You know? Yeah. Where I, where I know that all of this is worth it. Why Did Jewish friend recommend you to me? Who's the Jewish friend commend About podcasting? They said do not name them. Oh, Damn. No, they didn't. That part I made up. But I would just protect their anonymity. But it just, you know what I'm saying? Like, just to, it's like people, I think people, I don't know. We're all trying, I think. Yeah. I have a, a neat community too that I feel like wants to do stuff that's important in the world, and we're all trying to figure out how, you know? Yeah. But yeah, I, I, I just, I see that light in you, man, and I appreciate you coming and sharing your time with us today. I really do. All right.


Thanks for having me. You Bet, man. Now I'm just on the, and I feel I'm falling like these leaves. I must be cornerstone. Oh. But when I reach that ground, I'll share this piece of, I can feel it in my bones, but it's going to tell.