
This season. Instacart has your back to school, as in they've got your back to school lunch. Favorites, like snack packs and fresh fruit. And they've got your back to school supplies like backpacks, binders and pencils. And they've got your back. When your kid casually tells you they have a huge school project due tomorrow, let's face it, we were all that kid. So first call your parents to say I'm sorry, and then download the Instacart app to get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. All school year long Get, a $0 delivery fee for your first three orders while supplies last. Minimum $10 per order. Additional terms apply.


Ladies and gentlemen, The great Bill Bur, can I take Something, bill? Yeah, yeah, yeah. How many times? Every fucking night we see each other at the store and now you're acting. We'd be acting like we don't live in the same city. Like, oh my God. Like I came in from fucking New Zealand. It's the last person I ever expected to come into the fucking, the studio. I Didn't do it one more time. Not as well. I just came in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just came in. I thought they were on tv. I was like, wow. There's fucking H HD nine or something. That's so fucking clear. Wow. Well, I didn't wanna interrupt you guys. I know that you guys have like a, you guys have a close personal bond. Yeah. We're so joyous that you're here. Whatcha talking about How happy does this make you blushed? I did. Yeah. And yeah.


Well, You know, 'cause I saw him walk in and I thought, is this a bit that these guys set up? Yeah, You did. You guys set, you know, Oh, well I see. Somebody just said, you just missed Bobby Lee. So I was like looking in. I was looking for your car. The first thing I was looking for was a bumper hanging off the fucking thing. I don't see his car here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The perpetuation of the stereotype is real. Bobby got in an accident the first month he had the car and then now again, yesterday. Yeah, Yesterday. Yeah. But it has nothing to do with Asians. It just has to do, he doesn't care, dude, that's serious. Thank you So much for saying that. I Know That's what it is. That the race. I don't wanna bring my people down. No, it isn't. Yeah. It's because I don't give a shit. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, It just so happens you got into two car accidents within a month.


Yeah, I know. But does that offset Tokyo drift? Yeah. No. Yeah. Probably not. Yeah, Probably not One. Bobby Lee. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Erases all of these fucking guys.