
This cold and flu season. Instacart is here to help deliver all of your sick day essentials. Whether you are in prevention mode and need vitamins, hand sanitizer, and that lemon tea, your nana swears by, or you're in healing mode and need medicine soup and a lot more tissues, simply download the Instacart app to get sick day supplies that reinvigorate or relieve delivered in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy zero delivery fees on your first three orders, excludes restaurant orders, service fees, and terms apply.


It's a new year, by the way. It is a new year and it's, it's a new year. A Year of any resolutions that you got coming up. Oh My God. You have no idea what you're saying right now, dude. You have no idea. I have some how resolution I can we say resolution city. You're in resolution city. Yeah. That's where I, I'm in resolution city right now, dude, let's Break it down. So I'm going to work on some, a other addictions. What are they? You don, why are you my therapist or a cop? Both. Okay. So officer, I have, I do some strange things that this is not funny. It's just real Now. Real is good. So there's this Netflix, you know how sometimes you go to Netflix and there's mobile games you can download?


Oh yeah. Okay. I'm the, you're thinking who's this for Me? You know what I mean? I download all of them. Right. But there's this one game that I play and there's like 10,000 levels, but I only play one level a thousand times. What, what? Eight hours at a time. Just sitting there on my kitchen counter and the level's like two minutes. And it's the same basic level. It's like a, it it, it feels like a c cr candy crusher game. It's one of those like ply games where, you know what I mean? You line things up. Wait, I saw you play this. Yeah. It's, I I only play one level and I, it was telling my therapist the other day and she goes, stop.


Why? Because It's, I'm running away. I'm not, you know what I mean? I'm being obsessive about something and I do it because I don't wanna feel, you know what I mean? It's like there's, I do a lot of things where it's like, I don't wanna feel, so I just, I'll watch the same YouTube video over and over again and it becomes, it's not, it's not healthy. I'll tell you. I had to FII got a good feel. I got a good cry this morning. Big time. Whenever I want a real good cry. What do you see? I watched that E Ian Wright video with, with, with the teacher. With Mr. Pigon. Yeah. I Thought used it. Yeah. Yeah. What a great video. I'm very Much alive, Ian. Yeah. And he goes, someone told me you Respect. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great fucking Cry. I cry every time.


Yeah. I watch if I need a good cry. Mm. Watch Ian Wright reunited with a teacher. His, his primary school teacher, Mr. Pickton. And I And why do you, why do I love that you not love that? Well, He's the, he's the most prolific golf goal score in arsenal's history. Thank you. And he said in the, you know, what he said in it that was so powerful that really moved me in a way. Two things. He goes, he was crying and Ian said, Mr. Pickton said it meant more to him that Ian Wright played for the country of England than when he flew over Buckingham Palace. That was more important to him, that someone he coached Wow. Played for England. Wow. And then he said he turned to hug him and he was like two steps down.


They were in the stadium. They were up in the stairs. And when he hugged him, he was below Mr. Pigon. You know, like he was, he was hugging his waist almost. 'cause he I saw that. I saw, yeah. And he goes, and I felt like I was seven years old again. I was a young child being embraced by someone, a father figure. Wow. Dude. I was, I, it gets me. Wow. Every time. Every time. Every time. But when whites, Oh, what about the whites? What about the whites? What do you mean? What about the whites? There's so many good things to say about the whites. Not lately, dude. I know lately as of as of not know. You know what I mean? But you know what I'm saying is over the history. Yeah. You guys get a bad rap. We do get a bad rap. Yeah. Yeah. And what I'm gonna say is, you know what I mean? Thank you. Have you guys done extraordinary humanitarian, you know what I mean?


Deeds, Some of us, some Of you Schindler, we've talked about that before. What a list. That's it. Schindler and Ian Wright's coach or the.