
Explaining football to the friend who's just there for the nachos. Hard tailgating from home like a pro with snacks and drinks. Everyone will love an easy win. And with Instacart helping deliver the snack time MVPs to your door, you're ready for the game. And as fast as 30 minutes so you never miss a play or lose your seat on the couch, or have to go head to head for the last chicken wing shop game day Faves on Instacart. And enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three. Grocery orders offer valid for a limited time. Other fees and terms apply.


I thought you're getting ready for your Kamala Harris impression. Oh, Let's hear it. Yeah, let's do it. I heard that. Oh no, no. I Don't remember. Yeah. Do the Impression, come on, Give a Word. The phrase that you should say is you think you just fell out of a coconut tree? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the one she says all the time. Right? You see, I dunno how to Do it. Yeah, I've never, yeah, just try. Come on. Oh, you're at the Democratic convention, right? Can you Give me a sample and then I'll Follow you? She kind of sounds like she's like, you just think you fell out of a coconut tree. Tree. She almost sounds like she's gonna cry. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Do you think, you just think you fell out of a coconut tree? Let's play the clip. Fell out a coconut tree. You think you fell out of a coconut? Coconut. Oh, there We go. Here we hear here we here he Here. We hear, hear.


How Are we approaching this issue in a way that we also understand we cannot support and help our young people if we also Also Also Go ahead. You think, you think you just follow a coconut Tree. That's pretty good, dude. That's so good. That's pretty good. Yeah. Call L Michaels. Yeah. Call Lauren Michaels right Now. Call Himes now. Oh my God. Dude, that was so good, dude. First try Let him know he can make right by the Shane Gillis mistake. Hiring an Asian South Asian. That was very good. You Think you just fell outta a coconut In tree. That's really good. That's so good. You're Mu you're much darker than her though. And Then the last photo that we, you know, I, I, you know, we saw with the, the other podcast that I do that you were on I know, but the, the, a lot of the comments are like, oh, she's now an adult Because she's tan.


No, there's something about the way, because, you know, you have to understand, she, it's like, you know, dude, like in different strokes. Yeah. You know what I mean? When Willis, Hmm. Not Arnold, but when Willis grew up, you were like, oh, he's, you know, Arnold stayed the same. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Arnold. Arnold didn't really, Yeah, he didn't. Yeah. He kind of plateaued. Yeah. But when Willis became, right. When you saw him kind of transition, people watch Him grow up. They watched on the show. So We watched you grow up. We watched you grow up on the show, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, she Looks the exact same to me.