
I feel like y'all shouldn't wear makeup. I feel like genuinely that makes your skin worse. It does. Actually. When I take my makeup off at night, my skin will like literally be bullying because of it. Oh my God. Gas. Oh my gosh. What's happening? We are at the gas station afterwards and this lady comes up to me fake crying. Yeah. She's like, oh, oh, that's messed up. You guys gimme a ride to this place or whatever. And I was like, where do you need to go? And she shows me the address and I pull up the address. It is in the middle of nowhere, just like that. Have you ever almost been kidnapped? Oh, I mean, yeah. I have. What? Tell us. It's official. We're the world guys.


We're going on tour. May 7th is when the tickets are going on sale. This is gonna be absolutely crazy. We are going to five countries, 30 cities. It's gonna be insane. So make sure to set your calendars. May 7th, baby. Yo guys. What's up? We're back with another episode. And I beat you to the intro. It's called Ah, yeah. Well we're back with another episode and it's the funniest podcast in the world. So you subscribe. Wait, I thought I said it's the funniest podcast in the world. And you said that was a stupid saying. What? Ah, what the, is there? What are you doing? Okay. No way. Okay. Why? Oh, Kate, Why?


That doesn't look right. I don you're beyond surprised. You're beyond pregnant. She looks like an alien. That is literally what? There's nothing happening. Why does it look a baby? Bt Why does it look like a baby under there? No, it's not a baby. Kate, do you have a baby under there? I'm not gonna lie. Whatever that is, it stinks. What the No, she knows. Stink it honey. It's honey. Oh wow. We didn't see that coming. Is she She likes, she likes being in her carrier. I don't think she does actually. She, she does Actually. Wait, does she actually though? Honey Is so ugly. She Likes being be nice. Stop It. Kate. What are you doing to that poor dog? She likes it. Oh her like I Can Like she's She's shaking.


She's shaking. She was shaking with I don Dunno if it is good for her. Spine's Not shaking with excitement. Is that what you said? I'll take you out Of it. Stella shakes with excitement. Yeah, Stella does that. Stella does, but honey, she's old. Oh, poor doggy. Why'd you buy that, Kate? I thought she'd Like being poor close to Me honey. What? Honey? I thought she got some eye boogers. I thought she'd like being close to me. Not that close. She wants to be that close. You like being close to me. How would you feel if I put you in a baby carrier in front of me? Aw. I think Kate would actually probably really like That. Let's, hold on. Let me see that thing. What? Gimme that on The dog. I get Stuck on Her leg. Careful. Oh, she's making noises. Can I fit in that? That's, I was gonna say, I was gonna say, can someone fit in this?


There's no way. Hum. Come man. That dog's ugly. My legs are, my legs Might, your legs Have to go in there And this she See Parker fits and that, that is crazy. My legs are gonna get UNC circulated, but who cares? I think that's wrong hole. Yeah. Yeah. What goes in this hole? My arms just like, Honey, I don't think it's gonna work. Yeah. Ow. No, That, that's not working. Not working. Okay. Ow. Yeah, you're right. May maybe I should Try. Oh, what? Oh yeah, that'll work. Can you actually try? When did you buy that? He is Fat. We had it skinny. My lip balm. Lip balm. Think skinny.


I got a new lip balm. Honey, are you sitting on it? Can you please? Alright. Matt, put it on. Oh gosh. Here we go. Okay. No, you have to put it on the front. On, you have to put it on the front. Your stomach, Nose. Dive into the floor. Yeah, the front, not the back. Alright, Here we go. No, do it the other way. This looks wrong. Why? Nope. This is the way it goes. I Can, Oh my God. Oh my gosh. What is happening?


I, Why? What do you mean? We were strapped together? You were holding me with your hand. You knew what you were doing, ma. I was gonna face my Run that he grabbed my pocket with his hand. I was gonna die. They were running in silence. My gosh. You're gonna kill Harper. I was terrified. They were running in silence for a good five seconds. Yeah. Why was that? Why was that in? We were silent. We were just, And cash was like leaning forward and, Well, this is stupid.


What did TikTok shop get you? Why'd you buy this? No, I, I looked for it on Amazon. Bu you went searching for this On the internet. Well, And they broke it. Look At her dog. It just sits there. It's, I I I've determined her dog is like a Minecraft dog. It's like just wherever you put it, it just kind stay. Yeah. When you make it sit, it can't move. It's Just like, yeah. She's actually a really happy dog. She starts shaking though. I was like laying with her earlier and she was like, she's just tweaky. I Feel like Cella needs to be featured so everyone can see her little leg. Aww. Yeah. Wait, what? No one can. Maverick broke her Cella like sprained her ankle. Karen, Wait, see it. Does she She was spray her ankle. She was bleeding. I'm pretty, I'm pretty sure she stepped on a thorn. There's thorns out our new property that are Does she have like A cast this long?


Honey left? No, she's just limping. Can I see? She's Gonna Jump off the balcony. Honey, ask Cash's Gonna jump. Oh no, honey, don't jump off the balcony. Not again. Not again. Honey likes to jump off the balcony in her spare time. Yeah, she's been trying to end herself. She's Look at this. Look at this sweet girl. You can, you buzzed the poor thing and now she's ugly. She's and she's self-conscious. Throw up a picture of what honey used to look like. And honey now honey. Yeah. Hey honey. Kate literally got the thing of buzz cut now she's Now looks shape on her head now. Horrible. Come here puppy, honey. No. Bu hi. Bye. I'm not gonna lie. Look at Its poor little chicken legs. I replaced you with my Dr.


Pepper. Come bu Yeah. All, why do you have an air tag on her if she can't run fast enough to, if you can't lose her? She, she's a runner. She's, she's quick. She's a track star When you, when she like gets out into the wilderness, she'll just take off. Really? Yeah. Like when we were out, when we took her out to the land the other day and we waited till it got dark to to, to return her to the crate. It was a bad idea. She ran away from us. She was just like, well no, the thing was you Would think she's like fragile So you can't see Her. That's reminding you of that one time where aw, I I wasn't there but Kate and KJ were when he was running behind them. But it was just each other. Oh Yeah. Oh no. When I was chasing Kate through the woods, Kate said, Yeah, no.


Wait, what? Kate said No. No. Oh, I love that story. That's So funny. No, I love that. That was like the hardest time I've ever laughed on the podcast. Where you you were like, Yeah, I'm just, I'll tell real quick again for the people that haven't heard it, but Kate was walking through the woods one time and it was pitched blackout and I was like, I'm gonna scare her. So I took off running after her. I didn't scream nothing. I, I just ran after her. Didn't, I wasn't like, ah, I was just running and she hurts me behind her running and she just takes off running and all she said was no. And she just sprints off running. She are just silently running Through the Yes, we're both silently running and she's running for her life and she, she, she still was carrying everything.


She was carrying. She had like a tint with her and everything and she was still running through the woods with it. She wouldn't drop it. I didn't wanna, and then when I caught up to her, 'cause she wasn't that fast. Even when she was running for her life. Thank you. I caught up to her and I was like, why didn't you drop everything? She's like, I don't know, I just panicked. What? Wait, what Did you end up grabbing her? And she was like, no, No. I think she kinda gave up and accepted that she was gonna die. 'cause like right when I caught up to her, she like turned around. She was like, you just let It happen. Yeah. Oh. I think I started hoping that if he was attacking me, I'd just fight back. If you were to tell me two years ago that we would be going on a world tour, I would say that you are insane.


I mean this is crazy. I'm talking 30 cities, five countries, thousands of fans. I'm so nervous. Why is this emotional? These tickets are a little gonna sell so quick. I don't think that's happening. Anytime there's No more outrunning him. I was out of the cards. Okay. If Someone ever attacks to you, just let them like get you and then you take your fingers and poke them right in between their eyes.


Yeah. And then you kick 'em in their legs. No. Yeah. Never go to the second location You want Need to just in the corner of their eyes. What? Because if you press hard enough, it'll pop their eyeballs out socket. What's good to know? There's just One thing. Oh, It'll pop their eyeball out. Yeah, you can do that. And you press hard enough, it'll pop their eyes or you Scoop out like that guy on TikTok, You can Scoop your eyes out with spoons. Ew, Let's not talk about that. That's scary. But what I was gonna say was, I've been seeing this edit on TikTok like a year ago. I saw it and It says Maverick was like, Harper, I didn't think you would make it, but like it's time for you to spread your wings. Have you ever said that or was that ai? 'cause I don't know how, like I say a lot of stupid quotes like that Because he said Harper Brian didn't think you're gonna make it, but like it's time to spread your wings.


What the, I guess that sounds like, sounds like something matters would say but seriously guys, if you're ever getting chased or kidnapped or running from someone or Viding don't do never go to the second location. Even if they have a gun or whatever they have, it's better to risk it all right there than go to the second location statistically. What do you mean second location? Second location? Yeah, The second location. What does that mean? Alright. Yeah. What do you mean run from them or Oh my gosh. The second location. Everyone knows of the, no, What are you Talking about? No, what are you talking about? You guys have never heard of the second location? No. Oh my gosh. You don't even know what the Second, instead of the bathroom don't go To the kitchen. Yes. He knows what the second location is. You guys never heard never go to the second location? No. No. You girls have never been told That. What we say about seven letter words Or like when you were a kid?


Nothing. No. Really the second location. This is crazy. Yes. If somebody's trying to kidnap you, you never go to the second location. Okay. We heard you first time A Riddle is, oh, are you saying after they kidnap you like just don't, it's a hard thing to understand. It's like they kidnap you and then just don't go to the second location. No, you always fight as much as You can. Like people will like kidnap someone, right? And they'll have like a gun or a knife and they'll be like, get in the car. Wait, but don't Go to the second location yet. Yeah. So people will like be like, have a gun or a knife and they'll be like, get in the car and people will just be like, okay, okay. And they'll get in the car. But statistically your odds are higher to just run right then or fight right then or whatever and hope they don't shoot you or stab you. And because once you get to the second location, your odds go drastically down.


Wouldn't that be the first location? No. Once. If they take you in the car and you have to go to a second location and they drive you somewhere, your odds go drastically down. And let me tell you, how do you know it's never something fun they have planned at the second location. What? Cash Always ended up at the second location. I can't imagine What Remember? Wait, hold up. First of all, you just sit down. No, we can't talk about this story. Why wait, is this a story? I think you're talking about collectively Together. You almost talked You on a park bench. What? Nevermind we've told that story. No we haven't. Yes, we have one of like our first episodes. Wait, why can't y'all wait anyways? Okay. What were you saying? Oh, the second location, me and Kasha almost ended up at the second location. If we would've given that woman a ride to the, to the convenience store in the middle of nowhere Oklahoma.


Oh yeah, that lady was sketchy. Did we ever tell you guys that? No. Yeah. On our first date, no, sorry, not yet. Like mine and Kate's technical first date after we'd Started Dating after we talked for years, our technical first date, we went to the arcade and then we were at the gas In Oklahoma. Yeah, In Tulsa. Yeah. What's funny about that, it's Just so cute. Anyways, You made her drive three hours north just to take her an extra hour north to go to the arcade In Tulsa. I drove and picked her up. He did drive back. FYI You drove all the way down and brought her all the way back up. That is correct. Monday When there's like 20 million arcades in Dallas. Well, No, we drove up from my graduation. You're getting off topic. Okay. After, sorry, arcade in Dallas or Tulsa.


And then we are at the gas station afterwards. And this lady comes up to me fake crying. I mean clearly, clearly as day fake crying. Yeah. She's like, oh that's messed up. And I'm like, what? And she's like, and it's like the fakest cry I've ever seen in my life. No tears, nothing. Yeah, that's crazy. And she's like, Hey. And she's like, can You guys gimme a ride to this place or whatever. I just need a ride. And we were like, I was like, you seem sketchy. And you Said that's her face? No, but I was thinking it and I was like, where do you need to go? And she shows me the address and I pull up the address and it is it, it is in the middle of nowhere.


I mean not a house in sight, nothing, nothing. It was just a convenience store. It was like this little convenience store. And I looked up and the convenience store's closed. Oh. And it's just this little tiny.in the road. And I was like, why do you need to go there? She's like, I'm just meeting some people there. Like, I was like, you're what? Who are you meeting in the middle of nowhere at a closed gas station. What? And then I was like, okay, I'm not giving you a ride 'cause you sketchy as frick, but I'll order you an Uber. And she was like, No, it's my mom. No, it's paid. She was like, oh, oh, okay, okay. And she says, I'm just gonna go use the bathroom real quick. And I was like, okay. So she goes into the gas station and uses the bathroom and never comes out.


The Uber guy gets there and I'm like, what? And I'm like, Hey, the Uber got there and she was still inside. Yeah. And I was like, that's insane. I was like, Kate, go into the bathroom and see if she's like using the bathroom or something. So Kate walked into the bathroom to see if she's in there. Kate's like she's not in there. And I was like, okay, well so I just canceled the Uber. I was like, I don't know man. He, she left and then we drive outta the gas station and we pull around to the other side and she's on the other side of the gas station. Fake crying to another person. Oh my gosh. You should have stopped and told them. Yeah, they probably got cooked. Yeah. No, We, you never know what happened to them. No, I don't know what it was. But then we looked it up and it's a pretty famous thing. Like they like fake cry, tried to get you drive to the location and they drive you to the middle of nowhere and then boom, they kidnapped you or kill you. Just like, Have you ever almost been kidnapped?


No, it wasn't that. Oh. I mean, yeah. I have what? Tell us, oh, what I was thinking was the butterfly effect. What is that? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Do y'all know that? The butterfly Effect? Yeah. Do are you sure you know what it is? What is it? No Map doesn't, You can explain it to him. It's where like, what if we never started the podcast, what would our lives be right now? Yeah. What if you never, what if you never met Kenzie? You didn't go out dancing that one night and you never met Kenzie. Like just think really hard into it. Yeah. That's really strange. What if you never started posting girls? Does it bother you? Kenzie to think one night I went out looking for girls and you were one of those girls. Oh Wow. Why would you say That? You've told me multiple times that you didn't get any of the other girls' numbers that night. So unless that was a Lie. Yeah, Y'all rejected.


You know. Well anyways guys, you guys should make sure you get your tickets on May 7th because it is official. Our tour tickets are going on sale May 7th. We're our very first worldwide tour. We're going to four countries. Wait, one what? IOL podcast is going worldwide. Sorry. We're going to five countries. I always forget, I always forget Ireland's a countries Five countries, 30 are, we're gonna Canada, we're going to US Canada. IRI thought we're going to Canada. I don't think we're going to Canada. Yes, we are. We're Toronto. Okay. I thought we canceled Toronto. Sorry. Hello? The big T. Yeah. Toronto. Wow. Canada. I wish how much this guy put into selecting tour dates.


Yeah. And Australia. It's like 30 something cities or something like that. Makes you guys go get your tickets. London. I'm so excited For London. I'm so excited for London, Australia, Ireland. Yeah, I just said Canada And America. I'm excited. Meet everybody. Anyways guys, tickets are going on sale May 7th, so make sure on May 7th you're nice and ready If You guys wanna meet us, go to the Eiffel Tower. What? What the, I don't know when we'll be there, but if you keep going, I'm sure we'll be there at some point. If you Stay there for long enough we might show up. Hey Also, are We going to Oregon? If we're not going to your country, I need a look. We go to Oregon. Comment down below or your city, comment down below. Maybe, maybe we'll go there one day. We can add dates maybe. But we're Gonna be on tour for literally like A year.


Like, like yeah, a year. We're gonna start in June and then we're gonna tour the US the whole country. Yay. All the way until November. June, July, August. And then we're gonna September, October. Hey overseas we're gonna get in a plane and fly away overseas. Yes. And guys, this tour, we've been, we've been playing this tour for so long and also we've only done two shows before this. So we're about to go from two shows to like 30 shows. And our first shows are gonna be in Florida bet. Yeah, Miami and Tampa slash Orlando. We'll see. Bet. Wait, what's the, what's the count for the people? I don't Know, like the venue caps. Yeah, there's not many tickets out. I don't know. I think there's only like 2000 tickets a show ish.


Somewhere around there. Yeah. Yeah. So not a lot of tickets. Tickets. If we're gonna be a city near you, you better grab 'em Quick. The last show, well let's see, the Dallas show sold out in 24 hours. That was like 700 tickets. Yeah. New York show sold out in like a week and that was, but 2,200 tickets in the New York show and stuff and all that. We never promoted that we were actually going sale. We did one announcement. Like right now we're telling you guys pre-time before they sell out. Like I know y'all wanna every other time, Like come on. Every other time we have done a show, we've literally just randomly been like, Hey, we're coming to show get your tickets if you want. This time we are pre announcing it so they might sell very, very fast. So be ready May 7th tickets are on You. Can You, can you even like imagine Maddox Maxon sold out all the shows.


That's so good. All of them. Congratulations. Statics. Yeah. He posts on his Snapchat story like a photo of himself when he was little and he's like, this little guy would, little does, you know, he's gonna sell out all these shows. And I was like, oh my gosh. So you're keeping up with him? No, no, no, no. I was just, No, No, no. I was just, I was just looking at his stories on Snapchat. It just popped up. Right. And we've sold out, obviously we've sold out our two shows, so yeah, maybe we could try for something bigger. The tour. We can try for something like tour. What city Are you guys most excited to go to? Probably Florida. What's That? Really? We're going overseas too. I'm going Overseas. Yeah, I don't really, you know, you can, You go to, you've been to Florida. I know. I just like the waves and Like Australia.


Think about that. Australia, U uk, Ireland. I'm gonna wear a skirt on stage. I'm gonna do it. It, it's called a kilt. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna wear the kilt. That's what I'm gonna wear it on Ireland. I just like, don't wanna think about going back to Canada. I'm telling you I am. We're Going back to Canada. We're gonna Toronto though. It's like the other side of Canada that you went to. Canada could be fun. I'm excited to go to Canada, But every day I would wake up, Hey, go film, go to bed. Yeah, you have to memorize. My mom would be like, memorize the script and then I'll be like, all right. Like, don't Make her sound like that. Okay. So Not your Mom does not talk like that. Okay. Yeah, she was more Like without your mom, I think you'd be a train wreck. I was probably more like, I'm not memorizing the script, but yeah. And then your mom was like, honey, it's really important you're on, on set.


And you were like, No, shut up. Is that how it went? Yes, but no Harper. Do you think life would be so hard Without your mom? Oh my gosh. You'd be such a, I always think about it like anytime I'm like, I do not like my mom. I just think about how life would be without her. Yeah. Because like, oh my gosh, you should Tell her that I would've been a disaster In high school. She, she does everything for me. Like yeah, she, she reminds me to take my medicine in the morning. She reminds me to do blah, blah, blah and all this. And if I didn't have her then I would not be like where I am today. My mom still does everything for me. She even pays my taxes. What? Yeah, like my mom does all my taxes for me. Yeah. Like with my, my money of course.


But like, she like does it all and my dad. But like, it's just crazy. I don't know how to do that stuff. Yeah, you should Tell her thank you. I will. I And you should probably tell me a thank you. I mean honestly. Yeah, for what? Thank y'all for like making me who I am. I don't know, but I feel like I've, hopefully you've had some impact on your life that I Can be thanked for. I Can think about it. But These Really built up your immune system If you think about it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You probably can like withstand any disease now. Yeah. Is that a thing? Building up an immune system for disease? I don't think that's a thing. That's Why people who like guard their babies with their entire life. I'm like, no, they didn't eat dirt.


Yeah. What? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I would love to see you Kenzie. When I'm holding your baby and I'm letting it do nasty things. Let's see you like Your baby. Nasty things. What? Like when I'm holding that baby and for instance, it's suckered just dropped on the dirt and I give it back to it. You be okay with that? I mean, why? That's just, that's just weird. You just Said let the baby eat dirt. At least try to dust it off. Say she said let it eat dirt. I'd say try to dust it off then. Then you like A super cute picture of me when I was younger. I'm wearing pearls. I'm in a like, just a pile of mud. I feel like if a baby eaten it, it's fine. Unless it's a double a battery Y don't let a baby eat that. You think the baby would dust it off itself? A little 1-year-old? Just think.


No, just, just, I feel like I would've maybe Kate, if You can go back in time, Kate would do that. She'd be like, pull out a rag. I can't, I feel like any baby like would know, like if there's brown stuff on their lollipop, maybe like dust it off or something. Wouldn't that be the coolest thing? If we could go back in time and all of us is, we're like our babies right here. While we'd all be doing we need a Baby episode, like we need to hire kids to come sit in. I was Like, Kate, do you want be traumatized? Can we please? Yeah. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. I said that without thinking. What are you gonna traumatize me with? Well, I can't show the audience because they'll probably take it off YouTube. Wait, wait, no, then don't show it. Oh, is it a deer? Is it a, is It?


Yeah. Let see, I saw, I saw the antlers. Is it dead? Yeah, it's dead. Yeah. I'd rather It's dead. One time. One time. Their Dad, I got him a Christmas gift and I'm not going to go into detail, but I thought it was, you know, just a normal like knife, you know? Right. And obviously, okay, this may be controversial, but we live in the Seth and people, the Seth, The Seth people. People hunt killing deer. Okay. So, And Cows and cow. Yeah. No, you eat cow too if you, if you're not a vegetarian. Anyways, I hunt them. Yeah. So I, I was like, you know what, my Father, I hear a story about cows in a minute. Keep going. My father-in-law, he likes, he likes to hunt deer. He likes to shoot deer. Drink beer. So, Well he doesn't, no.


Okay, you're going in circles of the story here. And he Doesn't even drink beer. No he doesn't. But he, he did have a margarita one time. Can you tell the story? No. So anyways, he, I was like, you know what, I'll get him a nice little a knife for when he is hunting because I know when you kill a deer you gotta use a knife. Also, he sent me a picture of something that he did with that knife to the deer. A Knife Was Traumatized. I did not know this was part of hunting. And I am never going hunting ever because of this. I, I'm glad you enjoyed your knife, James. Look how cute I was. Aw no little baby. Yeah, So, well I could one time got a, well I Can find the picture.


Got a BB gun for my birthday. Oh no. My gosh. When every kid does that rest in piece to every bird around. No, not birthday. It was a cheek pee Gun. How many birds did you kill? No, my mom had to hide it from me for reasons. Wait, what were you, what were you doing with your BB gun Threatening people. Our friends come Over, I'll shoot, just Get on the ground. Get on the ground. I remember one of the get on the ground, My friends came over and they, we got in like a big fight and I like, I was like, come in the garage. And then Harper Got in the fight with her friend. She's like, I'm gonna go get my gun. Oh my God, She's just over there. She's like, pick up my sucker now. Dust it off. And I remember pouring the Little metal beads in there and then, and then I like, I like cranked it and then my mom came and she's like, what are you Doing?


And you're just sitting there just like pumping it up, nothing. And my friend was like, please don't shoot me. Nothing Makes you feel more unstop. Nothing makes you feel more unstoppable as a child than when you have a BB gun. It's just like I Can kill things, I'll just shoot. Yeah. Everyone should obey me now. I probably got some respect around here. None Of those little guns with like the paper strips and you pull it back and shoot the trigger in the metal just hits the paper strip and it makes it smoke. Yeah, sure. What In the world did you just say You don't Remember those? What they're called like caps or something?


Something. Oh yeah, like nothing shoes. A cap gun. Yeah, a cap gun. Nothing shoe where it's those little like, like those like cowboy guns shoot smoke at the end. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh I'd love those. My little brother had one of those or multiple of them and he was like, yay tall, just running around in his little diaper looking cute with his guns. But these guns are like metal. They look like real guns. And when he would run out of the little paper that made the noise and the smoke, he would just run around and hit you and he'd be like Pow. He was mad at the metal gun. And he's like, and You couldn't get mad at he just like a little Chunky little.


That's Crazy. You, that's literally called pistol whipping. He was pistol whipping. You just P Oh my gosh. What was your story about cows? Oh my story about cows. Wait, Also before that, oh Kate, what's that lip product called? You just asked. Wow. Well since you asked, it's the pri primly pure lip oil. Where do you get it from? The website. You wanna try it? Are you sure? Yeah. Thank you. Intersect. It's, that was good. Yeah, no primly pure. This is not sponsored at all. But I love their product so much. It's like just like clean beauty. So if you guys wanna sponsor me, like I use it. I love it so much. Yeah. Anyways, what about your cows? Oh, I was just wondering like we've talked about it before, like the first humans to drink cow milk.


Yeah, that was probably weird. But what I never thought about until I, I saw this on TikTok really is how many animals did they try before they got to cows? What do you mean? Like were they trying like everything? Everything like a dog or like No, this sucks. Let's try another one. What to milk it? Yeah. Well not exactly many animals make milk. Mav Yes they do. But how do they know to pull on their Ts? Yeah. Not every animal has otters. Mav They were probably like, I just gotta know what this does if you look Hard, lot of animals. What do from Uds Cash? I mean if you look hard enough they might, Yes they do. We can't go back into this. Well I guess Ducks Hatch. Huh?


What? What you saying? Kenzie? I guess Ducks Hatch. What did that, what did that have to do with a cow milk cutter? She's just over there singing the song. Like I was, you know, dog goes Boo or whatever. I don Goes Beyond also, I hope y'all know I'm sorry if I would've made that song. Every once in a while I go to the studio and I make a song by myself and I come out and everyone tells me it's crap. And if I would've made that song, you would've told me it's crap. Yeah, yeah. Ka I told you I would still say That song is crap. And that song went mega viral. It did for Bad. It was not good. I'm gonna make it new version of whatever the Fox says. Song what the fox says. Annoying.


I remember one year that man got to perform in New York City at Times Square while the ball dropped. And I was so mad. Are you kidding me? I was like, that's what y'all are like we're supposed to celebrate going into 2012 And y'all planned that song. What Fox Say? Hey guess how many views that video had? 2 billion. 600 billion. 1 billion. 1.1 billion. Yep. That's Crazy. Insane. I remember I watched it so much as a kid and I loved when the Santo was laughing. Dude, I remember I watched it so I thought it was the funniest song in the world. So funny. I was like, I pissed away The other song. Harper was just out there with her BB gun. Like That Guy got on on new the year 2013.


He was at Times Square performing on New Year's. And I that's Why, do you remember all the Time Square I started? Did you watch like all the Times Square performances? So I never knew that. I never watched the ball drop. Yeah, no I did my whole life. And then one time gang style does deserve to be in the time Square Square though. Can You, can you dance gang style Real quick? Yeah. Whoop gum style it. No, no. Like the get up and dance and he's like t do it. Can we do that anyways, what were you saying about gang style? It was trash too. 5.5 billion views. So call it trash on G style. That's still so Bad. What was that one thing that used to be a thing back then? It was like right around the time of game style. No, Roxanne. Roxanne. That was recent R That was not, that was like 2020.


The, That was song. It was around the time of GM style and what does the Fox say? But everyone would freeze. It was like the first Everybody clap your, it Was the, You know that mannequin challenge? Yes. Mannequin Challenge Or the Paw Challenge, but I don't remember song. Yeah, it was like in the mannequin challenge was before the Paw Challenge. Yeah, the Paw Challenge was like Beto was in the city. They read mannequin Like the OG And then there was the mannequin challenge. There was the Harlem. What was that song? Oh it was the Harlem Shake. That's it was called. It was that. No, it was No, everybody freeze and then everybody would go. Yeah. Yeah. It was the Harlem Shake. It was, I don't think that was the same as the mannequin challenge. Trevor did. Did Like, no, it's different. The mannequin challenge. I don't Remember the Harlem Challenge. The entire or Anything changes.


Do you remember planking? No. You don't know what planking is. That's okay. I don't think it's as popular as you think it is. Planking. Yeah. No it Was pretty, I mean people were planking everywhere. I Do Remember the mannequin Challenge. I remember planking, but I don't really remember seeing other people planking. Everyone planked. Sorry that was such an American thing to call it planking. And you weren't even physically holding a plank. You were just laying down. What? I wouldn't know If we could all You think we're gonna carry around planks? No, I'm saying like, you know how people would like randomly plank on top of like the world wonders and stuff. Like, Oh no, I didn't see anybody planking on top of Niagara Falls. Yeah, nobody was on the Taj Maha. Just like the Eiffel Tower. Just balancing on the needle. On their little belly button.


No. Okay. Like what? You know they would always go to like monumental spots and like lay face down and just be like, I Can in front. Wait, what do You think Planking is Planking. Wait, can you show us? Yeah. I don't think Kate is on the same wavelength as the rest of That's not Kate. That's so funny. Wait, I can do it again. Do it again. Picture. Okay, I'm gonna do it one more time. But then somebody teach me how to actually play. I, I don't think we can Do, you don't know how to plan. You have to be like seriously strong.


You're not really, you're really good at that Kate. Kate. You always have to do it on something. Like you have to be like up in the air. Like suspended. No, you don't have to play. Oh gosh. Like What do you mean up in the air? Suspended. That's like closer. That's closer. Oh my gosh. Like I just stood everywhere. Planking was like, you would normally sit on something that was like maybe the size of like this. Yes. And then you would lay down on it. Yeah, like that trash can. Okay, Well that makes way more sense. I thought people were just like laying face down like in front of the Eiffel Tower and they were like, I planked in front of the Eiffel Tower In the grass. Yeah. Oh my gosh.


Do On two. I'm gonna be like, I'm gonna plank on every monumental thing that we go to and on top of it and just lay on the ground. You can just plank on the fans every plank on the fans. Can We please do crowd surfing? All these 10-year-old girls trying to hold cash up. What the, Wait. I feel like Trying to say I weigh a lot down. I'm on a zip for your information. You in a hamster ball and you just go, I wanna do that. So we we moved on from tour a little too quickly. Did you guys know we're going On tour? Yeah. Yeah. And I'm gonna be handing out Ozempic at every show. Just joing them out. Cash. You can't say that. But we also, I I know you guys are like, oh I wanna go to The LOL Podcast live show. That's probably what you guys are all saying to yourself right now. And it's Probably too late in your city because the tickets are already sold out.


Yeah, no, there are main tickets. Tickets run time out. The tickets are not sold out. They haven't gone on sale ma, they go on sale cash May what? Ma'am? What? What day did they go on sale? I already bought them all. May 7th map. That May 7th. I know, but if you're watching this after May 7th, they're probably already how Much is a ticket? And You can buy, meet and greet tickets and or the VIP hangout tickets. Oh Please. But make sure you keep checking because at some of 'em, like even if they get sold out in your city, go check again. 'cause we might add a second night. Yeah, that Is true. No, I'm not gonna lie, my back starts hurting quite bad in those VIP sections. But like I start, like, I just start You mean the meet and greet? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What the like the before the after The after like for some reason I was standing up and I couldn't stand back.


Like, I don't know. Yeah. I don't know what happened. No, The meet and greet is so fun 'cause you just meet so many people. Yeah. And the VIP hangout is like, you'll get like one-on-one time with people that, because there's, we only sell so many VIP tickets, so it's Like, like 50 or Like when they start crying. Oh No, but there's only like 50 Tickets. Tickets. Why? Who said that? There's only like 50 VIP tickets at each show. So you really get to like, spend time with everybody and like talk to them and get to know them And, and you guys might be wondering what do you, what exactly do you do on a stage? Well You'll have to come and see. Yeah, I have to find out. Yeah, we're not just gonna tell you that easy. Are you kidding me? I was, I was gonna tell if you do, If you do get the v I We can't tell I show You. Okay.


I guess I'm not allowed to tell you. You have to come and find out. You can spill the beans. Okay. I take my shirt off. What? No live on stage. Okay. No, no, no. It's out. If If you do buy the V IP ticket and you're like, Oh, we're gonna sell out now. I mean, jeez. I Can interrupt her again. I mean it's like five times. Ah. She keeps saying VIP ticket. We've heard a thousand times. Times. Well 'cause I'm not done. Okay. If you do get the VIP ticket, come with, if you're gonna do a video, come with a dance that's already on one of our pro profile. Please, Please. Yeah. I try To learn a TikTok dance is not, I'm like easiest. They're like, do you know this? I'm like, I know I some sometimes I've yell.


There's been a couple times where there'll be like, do you guys know this dance? And I'd be like, I'll try to learn it. And then I try and I'm like, no, you gotta pick a Different one and listen. It's super easy. Easy. If it's like super easy then Yeah. Yeah. Like if it's like the way they don't Yeah, Like or like the whip it ne na don't Wanna do that one either. I Know that one. Yeah, Apparently. Okay. Sorry. I get a little defensive About what? Nothing. What is happening? We're not on tour. That's fine. You Me? Should I take my shirt off? No, no, sorry. I just, okay. Anyways. Yes, on tour the VIP hangout super fun. We get to hang out with you guys for like an hour or 30 minutes depending on the city. And it's super fun. Yeah. Other, the, the actual like meet and greet also really fun. But we just get to like take a photo and it's like quicker.


Yeah. Imagine I got sick one of the nights of tour, so I just had to lay in bed on, on the actual stage. Well you just had a plank on stage. Wait, wait, just leave her there. The last Couple of weeks we've been like really, really trying to like get this tour ready to like announce it and tickets go on sale And Cash and Maverick have both been having like nightmares over this. Nightmares. Yeah. Like they, I woke up the other night though too, from a nightmare. What are y'all worried about? Oh, I've had horrible nightmares. Like one of them, the show is packed, I mean slammed, right? And we're like, okay, it's time to go out. We go out for like five minutes and then Cash's like, okay, we have a surprise. And he pulls me backstage.


He's like, okay, we, so we go backstage. I'm like, K, what's going on? This is not, this is not what we planned. Like we have, we never, we have a show we're doing in the middle of show Vice our surprise. And he's like, just come, come outside. Come outside. So we're like out back behind this venue and it's like just me and him and he's like, get in the car, car. I'm not getting in the car. K we're in the middle of the show. There's 3000 people in there. We have to go back in. And he's like, Maverick, I'm not arguing with you. Trust me, I don't have time to explain it to you. He's get in the car, I get in the car, he drives me to a tattoo shop. I told you you never go to the second location. It's never good. He's like, we're getting piercings, they're gonna love it. I'm like, what do you mean they're gonna love it.


Cash gets like piercings all over his body. We get back to the show, he's like, they're gone. They're gone. What If this is a sign? If we sell out every single show, we get matching tattoos And piercings. How about we get Like a doll on our finger Please. If we saw every single show. 'cause I Am really doing that. Why Don? We put, I'll get a lip tattoo. It says sold out de We'll do, we'll do lip tattoos. 'cause they, they go away after like four or five years. We could get, we could get a Four or five years. Okay. I don't want one then I thought it was quicker. I was cute. I wanna get a lip tattoo so bad. Couldn't you imagine me having that look? Imagine my shirt off and I'm just Yeah. It's what Saint Gerald.


Yeah. But what was your nightmare you were having? 'cause you like, Oh, I've had a lot of nightmares. I'm not gonna lie. I had one too about tour. Yeah. What was it? Well you first tell yours One, one I had, we all went out there and we were all falling apart on stage and everyone was like putting on their own show and we were all mad at each other. And no one in the crowd was laughing. And I was getting so frustrated. I was like, everybody just do my show. We have my show and all y'all were like, no, we, I had my show playing. Harford was like running around. She's like, there's a you queen beat. I was like, shut up. It's the 10th time playing the song. That's all my Friend playing. The Kate was on the side of the audience. Just like, I had a nightmare that it was me and Cassius at the house.


It is the night of like, the tickets actually selling. And I was like, oh, this is great. Tickets go on sale today. This is gonna be, and then all of a sudden we're like, why aren't we selling any tickets? All the websites crashed. All of 'em. You guys crashed all the websites and, and no tickets sold. Not a single one. That's like, Well I had one possible like a couple nights ago. And y'all might think we're trouble, we're not. We actively wake up with these nightmares. No. And then I have to wake up that day and go, how can I prevent this? Okay. No venues near tattoo shops. No. It's like, it's consuming our brain power right now. This story. It, It really is kind of scaring me on my line. Do you not getting car to cash? No. I woke up the other night and this is, so this is kind of sad honestly, but I woke up the other night like sweating because of this.


But the show was starting and there was like literally 10 minutes before we were going on stage and I'm in the green room, like there was a bed in the green room. Oh no. So I'm like taking a nap. She's planking in the green room. I'm like, I'm like dead asleep. And you guys all run in there and you're like, Kate, what are you doing? You're like, where do you have to go on stage like now? And I'm like, okay, okay. But I like, I just woke up my, you're flustered. I was like freaking out. Like I didn't have my hair done. I didn't have my makeup done. Like my outfit got lost. So I'm like in my pajamas and I'm like stressing. I was like crap. And I'm like, try to do my makeup. And it looked so bad and it was like half done and I had like baking powder on my face and you guys were Like baking powder. You guys were like, we gotta go out now. She's that cook. And then I went out on stage and everybody like laughed at me.


It was sad. So I like, I was really scared. So a way to prevent that, don't take a nap before the show and make sure don't do that. You have your hair and makeup done. Also, one of the things about the tickets that we didn't mention is how do you get the actual like meet and greet ticket or the hangout ticket or the regular ticket is the seating on the ticket sites. It like goes up. So there's like sections close to the front that have the hangout tickets where you hang out with us and then we have the like ones further back, which are like VIP tickets for like the meet and greet. And then the further back is just like the regular tickets. So that's how you get those if you're looking for 'em on the website.


Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business from designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond. Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


But no, yeah, no. My, my literal dream or my nightmare was just about getting sick again. 'cause I get so scared 'cause I get sick so easily and I just don't wanna get sick again. So I think I'm just gonna have emergency, the whole like Emergency. I'm not Gonna like, just like a doctor on staff. The fact that we're like traveling so much that we're gonna be on so many airplanes and just in different, like places we're very likely to get sick. 'cause the way You travel, wait, what do you mean you're just gonna have emergency? What does it mean? The Medicine, the powder. Like orange drink. I'm just like nervous because like every show I felt sick. Yeah. I don't know why. And I think it's my nerves, but I don't get nervous. Like, come on. No, I Yeah, You just get thick. Yeah. And the cash like was Gonna throw up last show and it made me sick and I was like, Dude, last show I was going through.


Oh. Also my voice was gone in the New York show. I was like, what's up everybody? Yeah, no, he was sick. We were like getting ready. Like me, Kenzie and Harper were all like doing our makeup and cash walks in and he's like, oh, he's got like a bag. And we're like, I felt really bad happening bud. And he was like, I don't feel so good. And I was like, do you need some food? He was like, no, I'm, I'm probably gonna throw up though. And we were like, can you do it in the other room? Like that's kind. Yeah. The audacity not lay on the couch. I how We felt, because I remember the first show ever. We were like, actually like I, I, I like felt like I never felt before. Like my fingers were like freezing off and Kate came up to my fingers and felt them. And once we got off stage, I started crying. I was like, mom.


And then I couldn't do the Did you fart? Not yet, but I Can. Why'd you stop? Why stop? Why'd you sniffle it like that? Stop Maintenance And started sniffing. Yeah. If you fart you do this Harper. Not this, But no, I, I knew what cash was going through because literally like I know like when you feel sick you don't feel good, Obviously. Yeah. Wait, Harper, Wow. That was revolutionary. Wait, Harper, you grew up doing cheer, right? Yeah. Like competition. So Yeah, I'm like used to like, yeah. Going out saying that's What I was gonna ask. Were you ever nervous for that? For Yeah, of course. Like, and also like musical theater and stuff. I was always in that and like I was in musical theater too.


Okay. Well like a hundred people would like be there and I'd be like, oh, this is so cool. I feel so famous. Did You get to beforehand get dressed with everybody? Like whenever we had our show in New York, how we all got to get dressed and do our makeup together? Yeah. Or my Mom would do my makeup. Hey, what are y'all gonna do if you don't get to do your makeup together? If you guys are like, man, we're just gonna run and get some Chick-fil-A. Can You, can you stop touching your mic please? Y'all get stuck in traffic and then you can't Oh well not doing makeup is not optional for me. Yeah, yeah. Or me. What if we do all natural? No, I can't. I All natural. Three shows We'll do that one in Oklahoma. 30 shows one show all natural. Nope. What, how, How Much is that? I'm gonna be doing every show. Natural. What's the lowest venue?


Every show. Natural. Your hair doesn't look very natural to me. My hair's very natural. Oh No. Okay. He was still Swear stole flat out Of his Hair, his makeup. No, but I am nervous for like, gosh, what's it called? When we like do a show Our hair's gonna be dead. Yeah, we'll be dead. 'cause you're frying it every day. But also like, Wow. She said you fry your hair. No, no. All of us Do. No, we're all gonna be frying our hair Curl sad. Like you, I also curl my hair. I feel like on show days I curl it like five times 'cause my curls just fall, so. Oh, well that's not good For your hair. No, it can't be. I'm Just gonna Curls on flights and stuff. It's gonna be on 30 different flights Probably. I don't wanna Kids next to double that. It'd be 60 different flights. Yeah, I'm sure.


Oh, my skin? No, my skin. Your skin. Wait. Oh gosh. My skin is, my skin is already freaking going through it. And I just know like when I travel, my skin gets so much worse and I just know it's gonna be so bad. You know what someone said to me the other day? What, Well first of all I always was kind of like, 'cause like I, I've tried to like be open about the fact that I have acne and stuff and like I developed it out of nowhere. How'd you get it? It just showed Up. It's Cash's fault. What? Yeah, it's his fault. I've heard it's contagious. It's like those cavities. I got Maverick's Fault. Yeah. Well not, it's so true. But I was like, I always told cash. I I was like, my acne's like so bad. And he was like, nobody even notices it. And then I went out one week, I was like, you know what, I'm gonna try to like be more careful with the makeup I'm putting on and like not do as much unless I have to.


And both the times I went out without makeup, somebody like talked about my skin to me and I was like, well, was it me? What the heck? What It say? Just like, oh, like you, you struggle with acne. I was like, you like Randomly walked up to you and said that. Why did They Say that? It was like in, it was like in conversation, not people I knew super well, but like in conversation it was just like a statement. And I was like, why? I don't know. And then Last week, never say that to somebody, bro. And then last week I had a brand, this is, ugh, it makes me so sad. I had a brand I like sent my video to them and I had like my makeup done. Like I was like ready to film and they emailed me back and they were like, Hey, this looks great, but can, can you go ahead and refilm it and make sure you have makeup on this time? That's Crazy.


Okay, I'm sorry, that is like, No, it was like, so that's brutal. Yeah. I was like, wow. Like, oh. And they only said that because my acne was showing because like, it's hard to cover up this kind of acne and it's like so bumpy and so painful. And like when I take my makeup off at night, it's like, like my skin will like literally be bleeding because of it. So I'm a little nervous to see, like, I Feel like acne should be like a trend or something now. Yeah. 'cause like everybody gets it. Yeah. I don't know. It's weird. 'cause like, I never had it like, until like, literally a year ago. Like, I had like clear, like really clear skin and then all of a sudden it just got so bad. And that's why like, I started not like why I started doing the diet. I'm, I'm on, but I started doing it in hopes that it would help.


And it like has, but it still is just like unfortunate. Well, you are still beautiful either way. Thanks. People need you to shut their mouths. Yeah. Yeah. Their emails. So If you Yeah. What's crazy is I was like, you know what? That was rude them. I'm gonna, I'm gonna drop the deal and then I still refiled it with my acne. Dude. I would say before, like, I'm not trying to like degrade you or anything, but before I went to Canada, my skin was really bad. Like my, my pimples on my forehead were so bad. Like, I'm sure y'all remember that. And, and basically, To be fair, I don't remember that at all. I don't Remember that at all. Do y'all not remember my stage of acne? But that, That just shows you, like, you think of it way more than everybody else Does. I do because all my friends are like, oh my gosh, Harper, I remember when you had so much acne.


And I was like, I know isn't my season That's so much better. And then they're like, yeah, it's gotten so much better. And, and all this. But like before I was on, on a whale watching tour and I took a photo of my skin. There's just like bumps. Like not even one part of a skin that I couldn't see. Yeah. Like it was so bad. Like it was like this, but all around my face. Yeah. I was like, Oh my God, I feel Like y'all shouldn't wear makeup. I feel like genuinely that makes your skin worse. No, I love makeup. No, it it, it does actually. Like, I was like, oh, I should, well that's the other thing is I, I will sometimes be like, oh, I'm just not gonna wear makeup. And like, I don't like when people comment on my stuff, like negative things. I usually am like, oh, whatever. Like they're just a loser. But Snapchat specifically, Snapchat, Snapchat people are so mean to me on Snapchat.


And like, I take snaps like all throughout my day. So I take a lot when I'm like not wearing makeup and everybody always has something to say. Really? They're so mean about, they're so mean about it. Like, everybody's like, you can just like fix it. Like just wash your face. I'm like, dude, You are the one person that, you're the cleanest person. I know. Yeah. I didn't tell you it, but I also saw like one of those Snap story things I'm pretty sure of like one of those things where it was like the, like What are you saying? No. Are you okay? You are saying like, somebody made a snap story over it. Like a, like a really Mav, you're such a liar. Don't say that. I, I saw something on there, but I don't remember.


But I think it, I didn't click on it, But it was it like one of those, like, I didn't click on it. Are you talking about the AI generated ones? I don't know what it was. I just saw it on there. I didn't, well It's not like AI generated 'cause it's somebody like together, like we All struggle stories with skin together. Issues. Look, get cash. Like, I don't know. It just, yeah. What? Get your gas bubble? No. No. That's Unfortunate. I promise you, Kate, I don't, I don't notice your acne. Like when I, well, I cover it up every day. Well, I know that, but even when I see you without makeup, like all, like, everybody sees your imperfections, but like, I truly like, don't, like I think you're the most beautiful person I've like ever. I swear to you because the first time I ever met you I was like, oh dang.


Like, who's this girl? My girl? And then, and yeah. No, I I don't think you've changed ever since like I've met you except For your hair Color Yeah. And all that. But you guys gone Through a lot of changes. Yeah. The only thing that's changed is you've become a better person. Oh, Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Oh, I second that. What, What? She's Become a better person to you? No, you're really pretty. Oh, good. Good job. Good recovery. And I like you just the way you are. Cia, It catches all jokester and stuff. But Kate has told me some stories about how kind he can be, which I don't know if I believe them or not, but Kate tells them to me.


It's just like So cute. They're not fictional. Sweet. What did you tell me one time you were like, cash tells me all the time that I'm so much prettier without makeup, even though I'm beautiful either way. Like he just loves to look at me. What did you tell me? I Can remember this. Stop glazing me. Kenzie. I'm not glazing you. I'm just telling what Kate told me. I Can all take cash. I was saying that. Oh, I talk about I couldn't either, but apparently he, he's a nice guy behind closed doors. Let's frick. I really cannot see it Behind doors. Normally it's behind doors. They're really rude, but instead it's behind doors. Apparently he's nice. I still remember the one time, like cash actually hurt my feelings and Kate made him apologize. He like came at me to gimme a hug. No, no.


Wait, Asha. She did not make me apologize. Kinzie. Yes she did. No, I promise you tell him Kate. No, I didn't make him, but I was like, I was like, you might say sorry to Kenzie. He was like, no, you Didn't say that. You didn't, you didn't say that. Remember it was all my idea. Wait, What happened? It was all my Idea. I Don't remember. I don't remember. But it was, I thought it'd be all by myself. I felt bad by myself. Do you not remember? I was like, I I'm gonna apologize to Kenzie. Do you not remember that? I guess that's how I don't, I mean, I don't remember the details. And Then remember, 'cause that time then Kenzie was like, yeah, cash apologized to, because Kenzie, we've had this conversation before and it was all me, all me. Wait, I, I take full credit. Okay. I Wanna know what happened. Well, for some reason I was upset with him. It was when me and Mav were dating still.


Oh. And cash came to apologize to me in the living room, but he was like coming at me and like, he was like, he was like apologizing while he was walking towards me very quickly and he was going to like give me a hug. And I was like, Did did you give him a hug? Y yeah, but I thought he was like, I don dunno what I thought he was gonna like hit me or something. I was like, what Awkward hug you? Like Oh, okay. Was so funny. Yep. And it was all me, All cash. He Apologized. It was, I promise you. Has cash ever said anything bad about your acne? What the, I'm just curious why we're here, why we're here. No, No, no.


Actually y'all Been like truly noisy. He's never been like, you need to wear more makeup. What? No, actually he is, he is never said that. I've, like, it's always been, I don't know. I know I'm like my biggest hater. It's kind of bad with my acne, but I like, I don't know. I just, it because every day like I wake up and it's, it's unfortunate that like, I have to look at myself on camera every day. And that's like, I think the worst part is like, if I were not, you know, someone that makes videos, I would just, you know, not have to look at myself, but I have to look at myself so I cover my acne up because I know that if I don't, I'm gonna not be happy with what it looks like. And I know that people are gonna comment about it and it's like, I don know. And it's something that like you're really insecure about. You don't want someone just constantly commenting about it.


But yeah, I, I like, every day I say my skin's bad and every day he tells me that it's not as bad as Yeah because everyone in the comment That's so sweet. What? I said. That's so sweet. Yeah. And he sounded like A do. That's so sweet. That's so sweet. No, can you stop? Sweet little boy. But no, I'm being for real. If you read the comments, everyone's gonna tell you. I know everyone always tells everyone how beautiful they are. So it seems kinda like, and sometimes I feel like it's fake. Yeah. So it seems kinda like, well every is really, really, is it true if everyone just keeps saying it and everyone just keeps throwing around the word, but yes, I do mean it. Okay. Okay. I believe that you mean it.


Good. Do you wanna hear a funny story about cash? Sure. Yesterday we were playing volleyball. At least I thought it was funny. Y'all might not think it's funny. We were playing volleyball and there's this guy with like a little metal detector doing the little metal detector thing on the sand. Yeah. And I look over at you and Kate's like on level two, like there's like the floor and then there's up, and then Kate's sitting up there. It's called two stories. Kenzie. Yeah. Two stories. She's on the second floor. Okay. Anyway, so she's sitting up there and I look up at Kate and there's these two guys sitting next to her, like talking her up and trying to smooth talk or whatever. And I, I look at cash and I was like, see what's going on over there? Cash. A lot of flirting going on. And I don't know if he really understood what I was saying.


Yeah, I didn't Hear that part. He like looked over at the metal detector guy and he was like, oh yeah, that's cool. And I was like, I Was like, I was like, oh, okay. That's weird. I'm gonna be so honest. Wait, is that then end of your story? No, no, no, that, oh, keep, keep going, keep going, keep going. And then, and then I was like, okay. And we start playing volleyball and go on for a few minutes. And then I was like, I mean man, they're really talking to her. And he was like, what? And I was like, Kate, do you not, you don't see your wife over there like flirting with two men? And he was like, whoa, whoa. What? Whoa. Kate was not flirting with them. They were flirting with her. And I think they were like 17. Yeah. What cash yells at the top of his lungs. Were they cute? Hey, hey, she's married.


She, she has a husband. And I was like trolling. Gosh buddy, calm down. It's so funny. Were You trolling? But it was so like, like he wasn't like, I'm her husband. It's like she has one and he's probably really big. I'm not him, but no, I did. I said, Hey, she's married. And then I said, were you trolling? And then I said, and I'm five seven. So Like, you would think so because like the words he was saying, he was like, no one's serious about that. Yeah. But if you look at his face, he was like, I'm five seven. He was like staring intently. I was like, oh gosh, what did I just do? Oh my gosh, that's scary. And Then I went back to playing volleyball one more game. And then I looked over and they were gone. Well, No, They left because of me. I was like, they were sitting down. Well, one of the guys like came over. Okay, First of all, the fact that you think they left shortly after I said, Hey, she's married and you think they left 'cause of you is absurd.


Well, they sat down until I told them to leave. You Told them. Okay. So I think she had something to do. Yeah. And your time's up go. Yeah. That was essentially what happened. But one of the guys like was walks over to me, the volleyball courts were empty. The only people playing were them. And I was like up on the second story working and one of the guys walks over to me and he is like, Hey. And I look and I'm like, hi. And he sits down at my table and he said, my friend's in the bathroom, I'm just waiting for him. And I was like, okay, okay. And I like kept working on my computer and he was like, my name is la da da da da, what's yours? And I was like, what was His name? I don't even remember. I was like, I'm Kate. And he was like, oh, hey, okay. And he's like, what are you working on? And I was like, oh, I'm just getting some work done. Like still typing on my computer. And then his friend walks up and he is like, Hey, this is my friend Kate.


I just met her. And then the guy's like, oh, hey, what's up? My name's da da. And they just like are trying to talk to me. And I was just like, still kind of working. And then, yeah, they were like, I don't even know what happened. But then they were like, well, how old are you? And I was like, oh, I'm 20. And they were like, oh, we're 18. And I was like, oh. And then he looks at my, I had, I, I was holding Kinzie's stuff. He looks at my water bottles and like kinzie's water bottles right there. He is like, why do you have two water bottles? I was like, well I'm just holding it for my friend. And he was like, your friend? I was like, yeah, they're down there playing volleyball. They were trying to kidnap you. Yeah, no, No. Second location. And I was like, yeah, they're down there playing volleyball. And he was like, all of them. I was like, yeah, those are like all my friends. And then I was like, yep.


And then that's when you yelled something. And then they were like, what'd he say? And I was like, oh, they said, I'm married. And he was like, you're married. How old are you? And I was like, oh, I'm 20. I said that. And then, yeah. And then they were like, tell 'em to take his shirt off. See, people like it. What, what did I tell you guys? Wait, no, take your shirt off. I told you guys I'm gonna take my shirt off live on stage. Okay, well we will be live on stage here shortly, so make sure you get your tickets. May 6th and seventh. May 7th. Wait. Yes, May 7th. May 7th. Anyways, finish the story. Oh. So then they were like, tell 'em, take your shirt off. And I was like, that's why Most people say that when they meet me. I'm telling you, they don't say that. The second people see me, they're like, yo, take your shirt off.


Yeah. So then I was like, it happens. I was like, no, that's not necessary. And then like, it was like awkward silence. And I was like, well you guys have a good rest of your night. And they were like, were they Sitting down still? They were Sitting down. They were sitting down just staring at me. I was like, you guys have a good rest of your night. And they were like, alright. And they walked away. Imagine they just, They probably walked away like, dude, we got so much game. Were Like, have y'all, have y'all seen that one thing where it's like, it's like, where's the craziest place you've been besides our dms? And then he slaps his face on accident and he like tries to hit him up, but he slaps his face. It's so funny. But anyways, I, what I was gonna say is I, I don't think I've ever seen truly an ugly girl. Like ever.


I told Matt That. Really? You've never seen Mav. He's Not a girl though. Like, I don't think I've ever seen an ugly, that Hurt girl. Yeah. Like I think they're What about Nanny McPhee? Wait time out. What about men? Okay, well, I mean they have their differences. Okay. I don't think I've ever seen an ugly human 'cause they all like have like something special. I know what you mean. You know, like if you're looking at somebody and you're like, oh my gosh. Like they're actually so pretty and you actually like think about it, but like they look at themselves every day and think they're so ugly. But then you look, look at them and you're like, they're like the prettiest person I've ever seen. Yeah. Yeah. That, yeah. Anyways. You sure you wanna stick with that statement? Because I'm about to name some names. What?


Like right now it looks like I have no eyebrows. It looks like. No, You look good. Really? Yeah. No Eyebrows. Do you really think that? Yeah. I feel like you have good Eyebrows. You Have really good eyebrows Also. I feel like it looks like I have fricking blonde eyebrows. No, You have good eyebrows. Can you stop looking at my eyebrows? No. Yeah, but I, yeah. All right guys. May 7th. We'll see you there. Make sure you get your tickets. See you soon. Peace out bro. Shock.