
The Salin triplets. All three of you versus me and Maverick in the octagon, in the backyard, in the ring. Wherever you guys wanna fight, Brooke Buck can cater the ring girls and she's the ref. Let's fight.


Since you're new to h and r Block, we'll look at your returns from the last three years. For any money your last guy might've missed for free, I could get money back from last year. You Could we'll find any mistakes. Could Have really used that two years ago when I dated that mistake for five months. Don't leave money on the table. Switch to HR Block and get a free second look review. Second look is included at no additional cost with the purchase of tax preparation. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply. If you have us file an amended return.


We're so done with New year. New you this year is more you on bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists, especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want. And you know what? We love that for you. Someone else will too. Be more you this year and find them on Bumble.


Ew. No. Get that thing off of here right this second. I didn't wanna touch this plunge that I got outta the bathroom. Excuse it. Yes I did. What? Why do you actually stop? I, what the heck is that? Is is that toilet water? Is that toilet water? Hey, please, please. Freaking t do it. My body. Let's talk about that. Okay. Yeah. Kenzie, you started then. Okay, well let's just start talking So you don't wanna hear Kate's story about the car. Hey, You know I almost, I actually did almost lose my life when I was six years old and you wouldn't have had a wife. You did not almost lose your life. Swear at Six. I actually, I'm not even joking, I just remembered this story this week and it was buried in the deep dark.


You Just remembered it. I don't, I don't think so. I just started an episode. Episode. What? I just Started the episode. Hello? It was started. It was already going. Oh. Oh, okay. Alright. No, this, this, it was probably, oh man, it was actually really sad. I was in like first grade I think, and our neighbor was taking us to school and we were riding our bikes and like she was walking behind us and I was going down like this hill. I'm getting close to school, you know, I was on the way getting stressed. Anyways, I'm going down this hill and my brother's riding his bicycle in front of me. Wait, You actually gotta ride your bicycle to school. That's what I said. I've had so many friends In like the Dallas area who rode their bike to school.


That's actually so iconic. Just riding your bicycle to school down straight outta a movie. No, It was kind of, it was so fun. But like I only, I literally got to do it once you got to middle school. Like it wasn't cool to do that. It wasn't cool. But in elementary school I only got to do it like less than five times because like I, We were Too late. It's a d dc show. Hi, I'm Kate. I live in Dallas, Texas and I ride my bike to school. Thanks. Okay. But I didn't get to do it very much 'cause like I needed, like my mom didn't want us riding by ourselves 'cause it was kind of far away. So she wanted someone to like walk or ride a bike with us. So I only did it a couple times and after this time I never wanted to do it again. But I was going down this hill and I'm zooming like, and Michael's in front of me and there's a girl walking in front of him and she's going super slow and like, I'm going so quick.


I don't know how the brakes on this bike work. Like it was a new bike. I just learned how to ride a bike. Like I was, They have so many questions. I was not qualified. What, Where did you put your bike when you got to school? They Had a bike rack. Same. I was wondering that like Your question, Bike racks Really? Did you lock it up? And they never, those things never got snatched. Well You just locked up your, some people got Lost. You just put it, some people have locks, but like, I mean, no one was gonna come take your bike. Like Yeah, I Remember you have that trash of a bike. No one would take it. No, no. Two foot pink princess. I mean, By one time I was in a, what's that band called? Guitar Hero. Guitar Hero. I don that. Did I know that? I How did you know that? Fun of him? That was crazy. That was crazy.


Making, making fun of You. Oh yeah. No, one time I was in a guitar hero band and our band name was, we stole your bicycle. We stole your bicycle. We stole your bike. Yeah. Yeah. You just got to school and you parked it on the bike rack. Some people locked it up, but like, I didn't, I wasn't worried. But my brother, I'm flying down this hill and I can't slow down 'cause I don know how the brakes work and somehow I don't know how this happened. My tire matches up exactly with his tire and I like hit it. But I'm going down a hill and there's cars like coming down the street right next to us. And thankfully it was a school zone, so they were only going like 20 miles an hour. But still, I fell. I hit Michael and I like fly off my bike. I literally land smack in the middle of the road and a car like slams its brakes. And Like, because you didn't know how to use your brakes.


Yeah. And I like, I didn't realize when I was six I was like, oh my gosh, I just fell off my bike in front of all these people. Like, that's so embarrassing. I didn't process the fact that I landed in front of a moving vehicle and like I start like, I got up and I was like kind of shaken and the driver like jumps outta the car and she runs over to me and like all these parents just jump out and come to me. And I was like, This Is so embarrassing. I fell off my bike. How far Did he fly? Like a foot. I mean I was just like, I Can guarantee you she barely fell over. She was like, Kate Kate's story is so dramatic. She went, you guys know that clip of Joe Biden falling off his bike where he's like, no, roll that clip. That's the clip of Kate. See that? It's because it's because I hit my brother's tire.


Exactly. So it like ricocheted me and I like, I don't even know what happened, but I was also very close to the road when I was already riding my bike. So it was just terrifying. And then I like finished my little trot to school with tears coming down my face. Not because I almost got hit by a car, but because I was so embarrassed that I fell off my bike. And then like this kid in my class later was like, I saw you fall off your bike. Were you like all like bloody? I mean I had some scrapes and stuff. Oh, I just saw Joe Biden falling off a bike and my life is never gonna be the same. Isn't that crazy? It's Sad. Honestly. It is. It was sad when that happened. That could have happened too. Even if you did know how to use your brakes because you need to press the brakes. I Can. We get Joe Biden on the pod. I wanna know what Michael would say about this crash. Dude, let me get him on.


Let me get him on the phone. Michael Would probably be like, oh yeah, she is like literally fell over. She's standing still just fell over while You're getting 'em. I was riding my foer one time and I did hit the brakes and I was in like this little pothole and the wheels went in the pothole. I hit the brakes and the back end came up and just like sandwiched. Oh Gosh. I got a quick question. Anna Aldi. So do you remember that one time we were riding our bikes to school and I crashed into you and I fell into the street and almost got hit by a car? Yeah, it was insane. Yeah. Was it insane or is she being dramatic? Crying was kind of weird. You wouldn't stop crying. What Matt's saying? Was it insane or am I being dramatic? No, it was actually like she hit the back of my tire and like her bike kind of bounced back to the street and that's where she went to wait.


She's on the bike. But to not my bike hits it rolled backwards. I it was because No, because my tire, like, it wasn't like it rolled backwards. I like flew backwards. Like I bounced back. I literally ricocheted back. I'm telling you it was crazy. And I landed it in the street in front of a car and the car, like I feel like this is one Of those stories where it's like, it's Just physics. It's just physics. Come on Man. A light, a light object hits a heavy object. It's just physics. Well, At least you didn't actually get hit by a car. I know. All right. We were on the podcast and they thought I was like being dramatic and I needed to call you and clarify. No, a thousand percent. Alright, I'll see you. Literally. What if you did get hit by a car though?


You can tell me about it. Hey, one time I nearly died, I was, I was dirt skiing behind the four-wheeler. Shot this video before I had skis on my feet and I was getting pulled behind the have seen it behind the four wheeler. The video. This are We used to go mud tubing? No, I'm on real skis. Wait, kids, you haven't seen this video? It's iconic. It's so funny. I Haven't seen it. I haven't even, Oh my God. Need Ec clips into like the, you know what kind of thing talking about. I'm going and we're like, for some reason at this age, fully believe we can go from land and then ski onto water and back to land and you can't Oh my gosh, your knees probably like he ski As we like go into like the beach portion of the pond.


There's like a bunch of big rocks and the skis you took the fall down. I go down and like, I don't get back up for a second. I'm kind of like, it Was, it's such, it's such a funny video because Normally it's like, It's funny because you're watching it and you're just like, what? Like what was the goal here? Like Swear. It's just like going, going Well yeah, of course that's gonna happen. Like you Now what did you think? You literally were birds and within the five seconds that you were born, you were like, you know what I'm gonna do with my life? I'm gonna destroy myself. Yeah. And God has just made it impossible for you to die. You have overcome, bounce Your every circumstance. We, I bounced back man. I Know. It's, it's kind of scary. How, how? Well y'all have like dodged death here It is.


It is the third video ever to be recorded in my camera. Lemme see. Ever. I was like, how did you find that? The first video was the one of us flipping. I wanna see this. Get Your, so you said that the other day. Was this on like your iPhone four? There was a callback. Oh, it was on like iPhone two? No, it was Android iPhone then. Oh my gosh. He looks like a skinny boy. Oh my God. Straight down. I can't believe you never seen, it's it almost into the rock At first you're looking at it like, wait, this might work. And then it's like, no, it's like one of those videos that you see on IG reels low key. Oh my gosh. Your feet literally sweeped out of there. That's so yeah. And you're like, oh, yep, he's broken in half. Oh my gosh. Look. Wait, I just, Harper's like slowing it down.


If I could've just put a helmet on, maybe we could have got a couple more takes before I was I gave up. Yeah. Yeah. His head just went. Yeah. Went straight to the ground. Dude, look at Your head. Oh wait, I was thinking about us going skiing this year. Why did y'all idiots? Lemme just go skiing without a helmet. Whatcha talking about we told you to wear a helmet like a million times. I Know. Why did I, I not, You were like, I don't need a helmet. We were like, okay, You can die. I, We barely knew you. Maybe I did. And then Look and then watch your head. Watch your head. Yeah. Wait, how did you Pretty fast. Yeah, I skied before and I didn't wear a helmet at those times either. But now that I just like living with y'all, I, I see how Kate is the way Kate is. 'cause now I'm like extra precautious about that.


Yeah. Don't wear 'em. I didn't wear a helmet here either. If you really slow it down, you can see like pop the video up again. I'm really cooking. Oh my gosh. I have a video just like this. Look at him. He's like fighting. It didn't go well for me. That was Embarra and that's why is the way he is. Yep. Gross. I wanna see The video of me getting hit by a car. Like there's any security cameras around like, dude, please like dfw. Hey. Oh wait, no, Harper. Yeah. Thoughts on security. Cameras all in house. Here's next video on my camera roll. Eight hour live stream. And we all are here for 48 hours yesterday. You have to sleep on camera. Everything. No, Listen, listen. Yeah, Maverick. Sounds fun, right? I like it. Yeah. Do y'all remember the other episode whenever I had a little meltdown and I was upset with Maverick?


Yeah. To make up for that. I get outta the shower and he's like, oh, I I have a surprise for you. I don't Know. No, she was saying how like she needs a


welcome To NATA Island. Nice on Mitchell's NATA Island podcast. I almost fainted when the four new bombshells arrived for free Samsung Galaxy a 16 5G phones at Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Thanks, God heated. That's Wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro plus Tax. Bring four numbers in an ID and sign up for any metro flex plan Not available currently at T-Mobile or vote with Metro in the past 180 days Break.


Like No, wait, wait, wait. There's two different, different stories. Here's two stories break First he's like, I know it's gonna make you so happy. And I was like, okay. And he is like, wait til Lee. Is it a second house? No, I, I exactly. I walk out the door or no, he walks out the door and I come outta the bathroom. I go into our bedroom and remember that pile of laundry I was talking about? I had moved it all back into one pile. He sets a note on top of the pile and says, you should be happy. Life is better when you're happy. I'll come back when you're happy on top of the pile of laundry. Not, oh, lemme do this laundry for you Kenzie. He sets the note on the pile of laundry And I drew a picture of angry Kenzie. Hey, happy Kenzie. And get the little sign that said Happy Kenzie better.


That's crazy. And then He comes back. Wait, do You still have the note? Yes. Oh, please get it. I'd Love to see this note. Girl, that's Messed off. That's so bad. I does, She portrayed it worse than it is. Really? That's kind of top your comedy though. I mean, It's just like, it's like she just had like a really bad podcast day. So like a bad day. But if you don't, if you can't laugh in the middle of an argument, if you can't laugh at yourself, what can you laugh that like when me and Ka are, Why Did his jeans move? Second it. Oh thanks. It's whoa. When you're hanging like me and Ka can be fighting, but if something funny happens, we're both still gonna laugh. And that was funny. You should laugh. I mean, your handwriting's almost worse than mine. I see. I purposely did it bad to try to make her laugh angry.


We can't eat happy Kenzie. And then it keeps going and then he comes back. That one is present. Yes. Come on. He got me all hyped up for no reason. And then he comes back and he's trying to explain himself. You know, you think Gifts on standby in case I make you mad. No, I obviously had to come up with something quick. He made it sound like an actual gig. I'm Sorry you're in or I'm, dude, your handwriting is so bad. I'm sorry. Hey. Hey. I was writing on a pile of laundry. All right dude. No. Okay. I I love you. See, I'm so sorry. Oh my gosh. I was purposely writing bad. Come On now. That's No, that's Yeah. I love you. I'm sorry. Wait. Oh, I love You can really read It. No, It says Wait, I love you. I'm sorry you are in a bad mood. Try to be happy. Life is better. Happy.


Just be happy, happy, happy, happy. Oh my God. I'm sorry you are in a bad mood. That's such, that's like not an apology at all. Actually. Terrible. Did you know that's, then he comes back, But I didn't do nothing. Then he comes back, the victim mentality. He's like trying to make it's tragic things better, you know? And I just start melting down and I'm like, there's just not any time to do anything. I haven't seen my friends in three months and blah blah blah. And why do you, Do you guys do that so often? Man? I know man. Anyways, like, I mean outta nowhere they just melt down. It's like Ola. Oh, It's been a time. Okay. Anyways, so he's trying to like make me feel better and he's like, oh, we're gonna have so much time when we come back after the live show.


I was like, no, we're not. We're never having time to do anything ever again. And he was like, no, we're gonna have so much time. Listen to this idea that we had. And I was like, great and idea. He's like, we're gonna put security cameras all over the house and it's gonna be live streamed constantly. And I was like, Done. I like it. I Like it. We're gonna live stream for 24 hours straight on the podcast. No, like I already told her like five minutes ago on the podcast. I guess I'm like, wait, what? I told her right here. Live on the podcast. You 48 hours though. That's What I told her up. Where the heck was that? You brought up on This episode? You're Doing this, you're doing this. That's bull crap on this episode that has not been said. And I put my life on it.


No, I wouldn't dead. There ain't no way I'd die from that 'cause because that did not happen. Oh my Gosh. You're crazy. Oh my. All my life. It did. Yeah. And I put that all My life. Well one of us is gonna die soon. That's crazy. I'll Never die. Don't say that. Stop Saying that Kate. I would never die. I haven't even done y'all let know how long we should do it. Seven days, three days, two days, one day. Unfortunately low key. My plan I think we should do is a 24 hour one. And then if the fans like the 24 hour live stream, then we do a 48 hour. And then if they like that we do a seven day. Yeah. I say we, we say like, listen, if up to 20,000 people are on the stream at once, then we add extra five hours and every time we reach like 25,000 people on the streamer side. I'm just not, I'm not. We had five hours.


I'm not doing that. That's so stupid. Minutes. And if we wanna get crazy after seven days, if we wanted to do another one down the road, we could do 30 days. Why? And then after like 30, wait, why do y'all want to be on camera that long? I just think it would be very entertaining. I think we'd all grow very close together. I think so many tiktoks would get filmed. I think be like, no, I think we'd all sit there, know what we should do. Just get up Thea potty right there. Yes. And that's where you have to use the bathroom. Dude, Everybody could Hear you farting. Oh, you're saying we have to stay on this set that long. Yeah. I'm not staying here 30 days. Well, no, We can set the cameras up through the house. 30 might be crazy. But what if we did a day or two days a Reality too. Show I, I will not Accept that. Is somebody gonna Uber eats our food up The stairs? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We'll have Alex and p and a bunch of people.


They'll have i games planned for us now You can invite friends over. That's the point. You can invite friends over and we can all just play games. One idea I had for it, actually Kate had for it. We hire a hibachi chef to come here. Yes. And he like cooks us off hibachi on the live stream. That was one I, We said I was 24 hour night Every night. You can go. I'm not doing that. Actually The hibachi stuff just stays with us for three of the days. Good thing I'm not doing anything anymore. Like partying. Yeah, you can can party with us with hibachi. Yeah. Is I I would love that. I would love that. Yeah. No, definitely that Harper's like, I can't come to school. 25,000 people got on so I have to stay another day Bro. No dude. I literally, that would be so much fun if we could live stream.


I I Don I I'm being So for would you be down for 24 hours? Yeah, I'd be down. No, 24 hours is nothing. It has to be at least 48. Okay. Okay. But I want y'all to really think about No, be I I really have Thought about it. No. 24 hours. No, look at that timer right there. See that timer? I, We ain't getting off until It says 24 hours. No, 48 24. I Can stay awake 24 hours. No. 48 would be like if the 24 1 goes sleep can we For 24 hours? It's just like not, I think it would be miserable for us. Like I think after, That's kind of the funny part. No, I think after five hours we're not going to be entertaining to like watch. No, no. We're gonna have a bunch of things planned. Like right at five hours when everyone's getting sleepy, a trumpet player's gonna come in. We'll have, we'll have a gerbil race.


We can have course a Ger race come. Yeah. You know, we can have all kinds of things. We can have come, come over. You can have how races and me and Ka can get dash rounds, our little Weenies. We can play rock, paper, scissors and the loser has to count a pool of Skittles and they can't go to bed until they count all the Skittles correctly. Yes. Yeah. I just personally don't want to do it. But if you guys want to, Everybody comment down below. We do a 24 hour we do with Skittles. And if you find the one m and m then you get four hours of sleep. Oh that would be so good guys. That's crazy you guys. I'm finding that MM Guys, it would be like a reality the show and people would like make edits us and like Yes. Oh yeah. And be all over TikTok. Yeah. And be like, oh my gosh Harper like literally was being so funny. We could like pay a bunch of like MFI people to Watch us sleep.


Nobody just Harper. Hey, you know what's crazy is there's no cutting, no bleeping, nothing. Whatever you say. Oh no. Bleeping Harper. Harper's terrified. She's like, no cutting, there's no bleeping. Whatever you say. It's just there. Now I just, I like It's screen recorded. I'm Already like, we're 15 minutes into this episode and I'm already for bed. We all think this is a good idea. But one hour in it's like zero viewers. So I'm a Idea. I'm telling everybody here it's not a good idea because You're gonna have a bad attitude. Okay, well then listen if we, well because I think they would like to see that. No. Oh my Gosh. Have you ever This one that you just, that microphone. Okay. Kenzie. Kenzie. My goodness.


That was crazy. How do you do that? Like, like you can like force that through your gut and like in that position. Wow. Well, well so I'm saying is A talent, can we paint his microphone so no one ever has to get it? What? You should get your own microphone that says cash is Yeah, It's a green one. It's the green one With the green. The cords get changed. Ironic. It is green. That's crazy. The cords get changed. Yeah. Well All right, well it man, I down though. I think we need to do it. I'm not And we can get Why you gotta be such a party people all the time. Your friends can come over. Yeah, your friends can come over. Our friends will come over. It'll just be big party here. But I, We could play Mario Clark tournament. I don't care what we do. What if our friends don't wanna be on It would be Loki chill live stream tv. Oh Whatever.


You don't tell 'em they just come in and the cameras are just all wait a the live. Then I lose all my friends and we're Just, it would be chill. Lokey. Imagine one of your friends is like gonna propose and we're like, listen, propose on our live stream. Dude. Dude, that would be The worst Thing that would be, I mean it's not the lowest of low's. I've seen some people on TikTok proposing in Walmart. I saw one guy propose at Arby's during his lunch break. I did see that one. That one was crazy. I'm like, dude, just step outside like, like at the park. Anything. Oh, army anything. It's, yeah, that's the thing is it's not like you don't have money to propose. You can propose anywhere. I mean proposed by at the local pond, at the park propose by a cool looking treat like anything. Yeah. And just like fake.


How? Oh sorry. I just spit. I like fake how the tree was like, I don't know what I'm saying. I'm literally getting tired. I'm so tired. I just wait until we do the 24 hour one. Wait, no it has to be 48. Matt, can you chill my You can chill. That's 24 hours. 12 hour, 24 hour. I Can stay awake for 24 hours. Math 48. Everyone's gonna have to fall asleep at some point. And that's gonna get crazy. Yes ma. We will do it. 48. Imagine you're asleep and what we're going to do if 24 goes asleep expect, Oh my God. Everyone's gonna be terrified to go to sleep. Yeah. If the 24 that stream goes good, then we share A 24 hour lunch. We, we, I'm serious. I would love to do that. Honestly. I'll wake up mid livestream and be like, no, no, nothing's even happening to me. I will be ve think about how paranoid you'd be if you fall asleep on this set.


Man, it just like, I'm so cash is out for sure. If he lays down in that beanbag for two seconds that out. Oh dude. I'd be out the whole 24 hours if the bing bag's here. I just, you don't want me in a bing bag to mix up what? Mix up Is that optional to just sleep the full 24 hours. Okay. The entire time is You can try. Bad things might happen to you too. Yeah. Yeah. That If the comments tell us to do something, like for instance, we'll get a guy to come over that has like all the snakes and like spiders and all that. Oh yeah. Just Take some NyQuil. It'll never wake up. If says to you won't do anything ever happen Then, then it must be Done. If chat GT says to do it, then we'll do it. Listen, I love you guys, but unfortunately I love my wellbeing more and that is not good for my wellbeing.


You're right. Let's ask Chad GPT for I Was literally on it. I'm literally Doing okay. Okay. I ask him. Ask him. Alright, so it's not a magic eight's fall. It is right now. Alright. So should we do a 24 hour challenge? Should We do a 48 hour live stream guest? Or no? Where is a 48 coming from? You're the only one saying 48 because You guys have like no. Okay, fine. Ask che GPT if we should do it. 24 or 48. Like You're lucky. If you would get me to do like a two hour live stream, It's probably gonna say no. It's probably gonna say it's not good for your like health. Should we do a 24 or 48 live stream Hour? Live stream For charity? For charity. For charity For then Chad GPT will give you a real answer For charity. Is It for charity? Let see what says. Here we go. See what It says you should say to raise money for ai. All right.


Okay. Okay. The decision between a 24 hour and a 48 hour live stream depends on several factors. No Say give me a yes or no answer. Yeah. Give me a yes or no. Well, that doesn't answer the question. It Will watch. Yeah, it will. 20 Or four or 48 hours. Yes. Yes. With a period. Yes. What for 24 or 48? That's What I said. Oh my God, you so bad at this. Yeah, we didn't really think that one through. Did we? What? What we said yes or no to 24 or 48. But that didn't really tell us. Yes to 24 or yes to 48. Bro. I just wanna do the like, Bro, stay in school. I'm just gonna ask this. Just Say 24 or 48. Question mark. Should we eat tacos tonight?


We could. No. Oh, I'm so sleepy Guys. Should we? I'm uncooked. I'm so sorry. What do you mean you're cooked? Eat tacos. Uncooked yourself. Fall out. No, I'm, so should we fall Asleep on the podcast? Just says yes. I'm down for that. To like take a quick nap. How much time we got? I Can take a 20 minute nap. Wait, Can we, can We can me and get asleep for a second? And y'all talk and then When, I mean y'all can try, but no telling what, what happen to you. There might be dragons on your face. Who should cook the tacos Cash. Kate Maverick Harper or Kenzie. The tacos tonight shall be cooked by, oh Kate. Looks like no sleep for you. Alright, now should we do a two four?


Our live stream? Here's the thing. Yes or no? If we do the 24 hour live stream, It says yes. Yeah, but we're basically doing it halfway because we could do 48. Oh my gosh. Can you shut up? And that's up with that. Everyone's got it. Listen, 24 hours isn't even enough for stuff to get clipped up on TikTok. 48 hours is like, it could get clipped up and it have a million views and people are like, where is this? And then they get fired. Why are we talking about this mid podcast? Because the viewers want to see what's it's like behind the scenes. Or we talk about, I think the viewers wanna see my muscles. They don't. Well, in case the viewers are wondering what our daily conversations look like, it's that. And then we essentially decide like, well that was all a conversation.


That's not productive 'cause it's not happening. Moving on. And then Normally I go to Olive Garden and down seven bowls of soup, five Breadsticks And a tour of Italy. Do Do you wanna be, I'm gonna be so honest with you at Olive Garden the other day I had eight breadsticks and I'm not even joking. So jealous. I saw Alex eat like 10 feet of breadsticks. Literally all of them. 10. They came out, they said, we have no more breadsticks. I Would do that garden after. Sounds like that. Afterwards he walked out. He looked like a breads stick. It sounds like soup and breadsticks and salt. I thought you ordered food. I said we get all grown after This, please. Oh My gosh. I mean all up. I can do it. Not please. I love Olive Garden. I just, I don wanna drive. I want PMO Olive Garden.


Put me on Olive Garden. Do you Me? Olive Garden. I don't want Olive Garden on the live stream. We can have Olive Garden catered. Oh my God. Do you want All, do you wanna come to Olive Garden with us after this Dude? Can I, yeah. Well If want No she has no, she has school raw. Are you ready for your chemistry test? No. I think I need to just take a nap on the podcast. Hey, you nap. What? Everybody trying to take naps today? Yeah. Can everybody wake up? What do y'all wanna ch Some ani, some Red Bulls. Let's do something. Wait Cho on Ani. Yeah. Yeah. You can shotgun Alani. Kate, go get her. Alani please Come back. Kate, stop by the way, sleeping. Kate, what are you doing? Kate is not here right now. You want a, if you fake sleep again a bloom, you're gonna regret bloom. A bloom. Bloom. Oh bloom.


I've never tried one. Is it a energy cash? It smells like a fart. Well I did fart a while ago, but not recently. Why is that funny? Harper? Look, It's the original four. Oh What? What? The four Oh Trio four. Oh It's Not Oh the original. Oh, the original four. Oh. You know, it seems kind of dead with only four people on here now. I don't like It. Yeah, it's kind of not the vibe. Know. The other day I was like we need six. No, I thought that too. I was like, we need a six person. I bring the energy that I heard. Yeah. One more person would say. I don't think I Can imagine. Like, hey, this ain't free promo. All right. No, I don't think I Can imagine the podcast without Kenzie now. No thank you. No, like actually like We need a sixth person on set. We need another Dude.


My boyfriend. Oh wait, bad. You don't got one. That's crazy. 'cause today I said we need to do an episode with your boyfriend on here. And then I was like mad. But she don't got a boyfriend. I'll probably never have one. I'll probably A fake boyfriend. We can hire an actor. An actor. Oh my goodness. I just realized what you said. Dude. Take what? I'm so confused. That's not what she Said. She said she At low key. Alright, wait. Shotgun. The how do, do I shotgun something again? No, no, don't shotgun it. You want shotgun it? No, I Can help here. No, it's too late. No, it's Apologize. Here I Can stab her. No, Matt, please let her trying to stab her. Do you not like that flavor?


Exactly. Just stab her. I I Dude, what if I put my mouth all the way around this and then just start. Oh wait, okay. It wouldn't go but it will if I pop this in. Wait, What flavor is that? It's really good. Can I try It? That is it. While it's up, I'll just pop this in and then go. I'm trying to talk right now. Yeah. What flavor is that? Cherry lime. Oh, is it any good? Yeah. I drank all the other ones. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You should definitely buy some of these. But did, did you get these for free? But anyway, what? That, That's crazy. Hey, meanwhile, today I did something else crazy Harper. I Can everyone stop? Oh, that could not have been good. All over that shirt. Good job.


Are We cutting what I just Said? No, we ain't cutting that. You said It. You gotta deal with the repercussions. This is a train wreck. What's up? I'm on the pod. Stop the fuck. Yo, this is out. Wait, that was the quickest phone call I ever seen in my life. Listen, I would like to propose one thing when we were a child, cash had An enemy. You were a child. Once. When we were a child, mean cash. We had a common enemy that seemed to constantly get cash. Lice never All the time, man. Yeah, L was one of the, it always got in. There was one shave my head so many times. This is good. This is really good. Yay. You should try the orange though though.


But we had another enemy. I don't know if you ever got past, honestly. Oh, pullups. No cactuses. Oh. Remember that time I sat on one? He sat on one. And not only that, there was another time. I remember my dad specifically said, boys do not touch that cactus. He did. And he left us alone for like five minutes, I think intentionally, because I think he knew we would touch the cactus. And then my cousin Dylan, he was like, C, you won't touch the cactus. And I was like, I took my hand like this. And I was like, and grabbed it and I was like all over here. Ah. Ah. Lemme tell you. A cactus is crazy. Like Yeah, my sister sat on a cactus once. Yeah. It's way worse than you could ever imagine. And She started crying.


Yeah, I That's fine. I would too. That's fine. Now she's tired. I think. Think We're all kind of tired. Dude, I think that energy drink is building up gas in my stomach. You're tiredly. See? You wanna do a cheer basket toss wake you up. Oh, she farted. I I'll never do that again. Gross Harper. I could feel the vibrations in the couch. I Broke the vibrations on my foot from The floor. Why Is he walking away bro? Set off an earthquake. Why is cash walking away when He is the one in stars? I don don't wanna be here either. That's disgusting. It is Harper farting. Women Can't do that. Shut up. You're literally.


Yes Harper, show them your fit. Oh my God. Okay. That's actually crazy. Those words just came out of his mouth. Eh? Wait, tuck your pocket in man. Do you fart in front of him yet? No. Has, it's about time it happens, don't you think? Dude, if I'm 40, actually I'm a kid though. Like, like, like cash gets so bad. Wait, are they genuinely grossed out? 'cause it's really not that gross. I always wait, Matt, whatcha doing? Relax? I wait. I like to wait until I'm laying in bed with cash and then you start 40, you do it on purpose. No, it just happens. That was crazy. All kinds of things are happening to Harper right now. Yo, it still smells like the Jurassic Park dinosaur pin over here. But it's okay.


Wait, is It me? It was so specific it didn't. No, no, no. I did not. My farts don't smell Cash. No. Get that thing off of here right this second. Cash. I, Jason wanna touch this sludge. And then I just got outta the bathroom. Cash. Put it away. Cash. Actually press used Use. Yes, I did. What? Cash? It smelled cash. Wait, why did it smell cash? No, why do you actually stop? I'm taking a shower. You up? Okay. That was extra. That was extra. Would you like it? That is her face. I swear.


Cash. I'll legit kill you. I think she's Actually gonna go kill. I'll kill you. My, my seat Cash. I'm not kidding when I say I'll murder you in your sleep. Alright, fine. I'll go put the plunger up. I don think that was a good Decision. Yout. Think Kate coming back. Actually, your Kate probably is going to shower actually right now. And they Go to bed. That's crazy too. Back to back episodes. People had to shower and no one's ever showered on a pod. Oh my gosh, dude. Wow. That was disgusting. Definitely has a way of making things happen. Well, hold on. I like putting something up. I actually did not just use that plunger. That's good. I was just pee in the bathroom and saw it and I was like, I should bring that in there. But did you put it Under the sink water?


It's, I'm actually very sorry that a a drop just got on Kate. Oh, drop got on her. Yeah. That's why she's mad. I did not know that. It would still be, I mean, when was the last time somebody used that thing? Dude, that is actually, listen, you saw myself, we shoulda a talk actually about loyalty. What I'm gonna Throw up, I would throw up if I was Kate, Kate, I actually should probably go down and I probably, because I just get beat up or something. She left to man. Yeah. Over a drop from a plunger. Yeah. I mean man, I but I, I actually just wanna put that out there. I am. I am very sorry that a drop just got on her man. I would, I did not, I wasn't gonna touch any of you guys with it. Yeah, but It's just Messed up that a drop did get on her because like if Drop never got on hood, then maybe she wouldn't have gone Downstairs.


Yeah, no, I don She's actually probably not coming. I actually can't believe. Like listen, I want you to know something. Kesh, if you legit would've touched me with that, do you even know? Like, you know, it would be like war. Oh yeah. No, I wouldn't have touched anyone with it. And I, I, I'm actually, I don dunno how a drop got on serious. What? Wait, what would you do if I touched you with it? I'd be, I'd be, I'd be ped. Oh wow. Yeah. Literal say Yeah, the pee. I, I'd be balloon I'd beon, I I'd be ped, but man, I seriously, I mean, I'm in for it tonight, man.


You are. I mean, man, I would go apologize right now, but I think she's gotta cool off for a minute or dry off. I Can maybe she shower. She chunked her cup her phone. Like everything. No, that was a hundred percent a real reaction, man. And I was, I, I didn't know why she freaked out until I heard her downstairs. She was like a, you can scoot in. I was like, shoot, You can scoot in now. I Don't know. That seems Like he Seems kind of disinfected. Turn off that mic. I, I would Love this mic. Sounds better. Yeah. Yeah. You should scoot in. What If there's droplet residue? I think there was just the one drop and so it landed. Kate probably fine. I need to go apologize. I thought tape Was Kate. I don't, I don't like this. This is not my seat. Do it.


Do it. Alright, well I'm gonna go apologize real quick. Wait, actually you're gonna go apologize right now. Well, I just wanna go check out if she's coming back. 32. If you're doing that, you're going mobile. I'm telling you that right now. I'll fill on my iPhone. You have to go mobile if you're doing that. I'm going mobile. I'm gonna fill on my iPhone. Okay. The Hit me mobile. I'll be back. Don't you Worry. Okay. Well no, we're staying here. Do You guys wanna practice me being a a kid and y'all being the parents? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Shut up and be quiet kid. Oh, Gimme a beer. Chop it. Okay. She's so small. Jumping on that. It's really crazy. Yeah, You can. My curls bouncing. Aw y yo, I might be sick.


Oh, oh my gosh. I might get sick. Do you guys, well, I Mean, you don't have anything to say, did you? I, I did, but I was like, I don't know, you know. Well, you don't know what, Well I was thinking about doing like this little like, like stunt thing, but then I was like, nah Dude, because I'm gonna fart again. Yeah, You kind of like smell still outta Jet. I do not Smell like a dactyl man. Pent up too rad. Dact taco about, I Smell like my house. I smell Fart. That's what your house smells like. Yes. My house smells great, dude. I can't believe Kate threw her cup. Hey, do you think your mom would let you go skydiving with us?


Yeah. Really? Yeah. A hundred percent. We should all go skydiving. Can We? And I'm down and Do a podcast in the air. What do you do? Oh my goodness. A podcast in the air. Like, by the way, the scariest part of skydiving isn't jumping outta the plane. Jumping outta the Plane. Oh, is it? What is it landing? It's watching your friends fall out of the plane because they're on the edge and, and they're like backwards to the plane and they're like 3, 2, 1. And they just go, go out the side of the plane and you're like, are you, you go backwards. Yeah. And you're like, my friend just died. Like he just fell out of the plane. Dude, I've Seen so many mistakes happen And you're looking out the thing and you, because You can stick your head out the, I stuck my head out the side of the door and was your head Like getting like Little and I was like, oh, there goes, I think it was Parker or Paige, one of 'em.


I was like, oh, there they go. They're just gone. Oh my gosh, they're gone. No. Was it scary at all? It was fun but like low key. Like I had like the other person with me. If I was by myself, probably panic attack. Probably freak out. Yeah. Imagine your first parachute didn't work so you had to do the emergency one, but it got tied up. Imagine We're all on a flight to a show and they're like, listen, you all have to jump. The plane's going down. Here's your parachute. Good luck. And then the pilot jumps. Oh my gosh. And it's just us on the plane. Yeah. So I don't think she's coming back. Actually her specific words were, why couldn't it have flown on your brother? Did you get that? What did you No, as soon as I went to record the flash was on and I was like, I was like, oh my bad.


She was like, why couldn't it have just flown on somebody else like your brother. I was like, it would've flown on me. I'm talking, there'd be another hole in the wall. I mean it would've been one war three. Well, to be fair, if it should have flown on someone, it should've flown on you. Listen, if it would've flown on me, poopoo going on a girl kind of guys. He's back. You would be in the fire zone in I'm back. What the freak is that? What's that? What the heck is that? Is that toilet water? Is that toilet water, Kate? No, No. Is that actually toilet water? Because it's so fuzzy. Kate. I think it's toilet water. I'll, I'll, I'll give you a, you're just flat zone. I'll give you a swirl baby. Sw. You'll have a swirl like you Ain't never had in your life. I'm gonna hold this for now.


Oh my goodness. I can't believe she has toilet water in her thing. Cash just flung dukey water on me. That's crazy. I'm so glad you're laughing about it Kate. And I'm not letting that slide down. Let's relax and put that. Oh my Gosh. This is just a bloom episode, isn't it? Hey, what the heck? Where are my sweats? Oh, the, I got this like a year and a half ago. Oh, I feel unsafe. I have you Feel unsafe here. A cup ubstance. Where? A splash zone? Yeah, we could get hit. Dude. I know that's toilet water too because that thing's murky. Look at it. Please. That is not, Did you seriously stick your hand in the toilet and get it? Do y'all understand that? I just had crap water flung onto my body and onto my clothes.


That's Pretty messed ups. Funny when you say it like that. Yeah. Oh, is it funny? No. Is it funny? No. A serious s Listen, Kate, listen. Kate, Kate, please, please, please, please be careful, please. Freaking do Kate do it. No. Why is he acting like that? It was literally lemonade. That's good. Oh, it's lemonade. It's lemonade. Oh, okay. Oh, that would've burned his eyes for sure. I don't think he knows that it's lemonade though. Oh my goodness. No, I'm not throwing, why would I throw toilet water? I knew that immediately. Well first I knew Kate would never put toilet water in her good glass. It smells good. Measuring cup smell.


It's lemonade. Oh my goodness. I'm literally the cup I had, I was drinking. Yeah. Here's my cup. Still feels like toilet water to me. I can't, I can't drink this now. 'cause there's very well might be like toilet water on my cup. There was like lemonade growing up. Lemonade and tea. Dude, that lemonade smells little good. You know? Honestly, I was never gonna throw it onto him. But the fact that he thinks he just got toilet water thrown onto him makes me feel better. That'ss crazy. Think To Throw up when he was walking off actual Toilet water. No, I'm not doing that math. That's psychotic. What? No it's not. That's to throw, Throw toilet water onto somebody. Yeah. If somebody punches you, you punch back twice as hard. I would Do it. Actually, don't do that. That was not advice guys. Wouldn't it be weird if I got a boyfriend and I, I had him on the podcast and think That would be like, threw your toilet water on him.


Think awesome. Yeah. I think you have to be a pretty serious boyfriend. Yeah. You can't just be bringing anybody on here. Me like, Oh, well, I mean, are you using, that's A very good chance. Like, are you Getting views with him? Lemme go make sure he's not actually bombing. Dude, Imagine I popped out with Jason Harb. Lowkey. I was thinking today you guys should make videos together. But no, I I mean he gets a lot of views. I'm just saying, dude, I get it. He's gonna win over me. Gotta Win. I mean, I don't know what's happening, but I don Dunno what kind of competition you're in. We're In a views competition, guys. I you're In a v competition. Well, his views only come from you. I, I was in a serious relationship with a guy named Wicked. Wicked. What happened to Wicked man?


He, well, he's gone. Did he Not defy gravity? Did he fall? No. He said I'm still into blah, blah blah. And I was like, oh. Oh no, Really? She said, can I call you really fast? And I was like, yeah, sure. Hey, I'm but Harper, I'm still into blah. What is that? Just a water kid Failed me to play with water cash. I got something for you. Oh, I got something for you too. Kenzie me. I got something for everyone in this room. What The heck? Wait, I actually have something for You. I would, you know, I was on your side the whole time. Now would you stood there and watched I what would you have done? You tell me. There's a girl standing there with toilet water. I You guys gonna talked her out of it or something? No. Had to pick this up.


Oh, great. Kenzie. Great. Thank you. Show the camera What I gave you. She gave Me a last place trophy. And that is a crazy thing to give someone With the toilet. Oh, the toilet. Ha. How funny. Yeah, it's a great thing to give. Someone went and they have a water gun filled with toilet water. Now where the heck is Kate? I don't know. I don't know. But we should wait for her to come back and you should spray her. No, I'm, I'm not even capping. This is toilet water. You're Lying. I'm being so for real. That's such a lie. I, I low key Stop. Okay, so how confident are you? And you're lie Harper. I'm joking. How confident are you? I swear I'm Joking. Do no, I just wanna know. Do you think it is or isn't it? Is toilet Water?


Hey, she just, Hey man, listen, we're all innocent here and I would like, please it's oh, Oh my, it's it's, it's toilet water. I didn't think it would scored that far. Oh my goodness. That was very sneaky toilet Water on our side. No, no, no.


Harper. I Love this clue. Oh my gosh. It's on my leg. Is this real toilet water? I gotta go. I gotta go. Oh, I'm glad you moved. You were blocking my angle. Okay. Oh my gosh. Is this real toilet water? There Is toilet water all over our set. It says Toilet water. Yeah, but it was clean toilet water if that helps. Oh my. I'm like, Oh, you're new George. All over. You're from She it's fine. No, Right. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Yeah. You thought No I didn't act, I didn't actually get toilet water. What Is it At this point someone just has to get toilet water dude. Might It, it kind of smells like toilet water. That's why I kind of freaked out Y'all, y'all case water And Kenzie.


It was not toilet water. It was a joke. Come at me y'all. Y'all are this close to starting a fight. Like if y'all would've got any toilet water on me, dude, now, I mean I'm with you Matt. I kind of want go get a cup of toilet water and just put it in the middle and see what happens. It'll be a fight. Fight to the death. Should I do it Love? No, No, no. Sorry. No. You don't think? No. I think a cup real toilet water. It'd be pretty funny. I'm telling you. I mean Kate. Kate already Kate get splashed. She already got splash of poopy Water. Do not Kate, do not splash. Kate. Yeah, Kate did get hit with real toilet water. Yeah I did. Should beat you up for that. You should beat me. What Duke just go get Don't get toilet water because I know that even though I already got hit with dookie water once this episode, I'll get hit with Doy water twice.


All of you guys won't get hit. Not even once. Why Do you say it like that? Do Because that's what it was. It was, there was dookie on that plunger and the water flu onto me Was there genuinely Kate On that. Like more angry personally used pl that happened to me. I would be like hitting him. Oh I was, I'm mad. I'm very mad. I Can, you should settle it Every, all should settle it in the ring. There's Five camera angles on me. I can't hit him right now. What Ring? Everybody been In our bathroom in the boxing ring. You and cash. What? Mink and Kate? Yep. You want me and Kate the box Settle the I Can knock him out. Everybody Direct Me too. Me and you must box Just that Harper. Remember when you used to the commercial would be great. It's like he threw toilet wire on me Harper. Remember when you used to, I can't let that stop.


You used to be hard and you when you called out people Dude, wait, hold on. Lemme say something bro. Everybody that's ever used that restroom, all their feces are on you. That is true. It's a lot of feces. It's a lot of feces on one person. I scrubbed, I suspect A lot. But I do remember when, when I called out some girl's. Girl, Girl. Anyway, gimme what Fight and do you remember Cass's attempt at calling out? Ellie? Chop up. Wait, I feel, I feel like we should all call out some Kate, you, you need to box someone. If Kate had some drama with somebody on the internet, that would be so good. Mm. But you, you would have to actually box. Oh my goodness. Kate versus Brooke Monk. Brooke Monk. Yeah. No. Versus Brooke Monk. That's a good one.


It's Crazy. No. Brooke Monk. I follow Brooke's backup in her videos. I'm like, Y'all look like two wee fit trainers going at it. No, She talks and I feel like our brains are the same Dude. What? You and Brooke Monk are? The exact same Birthday. I watched her, she had some video of her like feeding fish to her cats and I was like, this is the most Kate thing I've ever seen. Dude. Brooke Monk, fish To cats. Maybe Me and Brooke. She didn't like the fish and she was like, Who do you guys guys think could win Brooke Bunk or Kate Brooke? Oh, I'm not gonna lie. I think Brooke's got me. Yeah, I think She'd knock you out. I Think actually anybody has got me. I think I saved No chance. I think it'd pretty even honestly, You think? I don't think so. I think it'd be pretty even. I Think we would both have the same effect of like, if I lunged towards her, she's gonna flinch and if she lunges towards me, I'm gonna flinch Brook's boyfriend.


Loki beating you up though, bro. Mi eh, I'll box anyone. Yes. If anyone would like to box. I have been dying to box. I know, I know forever. I know, I know. Who Anyone? Let me think of YouTubers. Mr. Beast said, I know Mr. Beast. No, I'll box anyone besides Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast. Yeah, but he, he ain't that type of guy besides Jake. Paul not boxing him. What about the not trying to get cooked? What about the, the, the triplets? Not the triplets, but the girls. Like the You can watch Girls. You want me to fight a woman? Oh, The Sonoio, triplets. Triplets. All three Of 'em. Let's do it. Me and Matt versus Sterling. No triplets. Whoa, whoa, whoa. First off, do that. Don't throw me in there. And that's two verses three. Hey, two verse three. We take 'em, we take 'em.


Honestly, dude, no, I'm sorry. You take two. I take one. What? That's easy. No, that's easy. Do you Genuinely think that you would win? You don't think you really think That it? Wait, hold on. No, no, no. Is it like us two and them three all in the ring at the same time? Yes. Or is it like they're Brothers? I'm not gonna Dra fight. Like if y'all were like rolling out. No, I'm Sorry, but no, they would win. I'm sorry. I'm cooking The Stero triplets. Well, first of all, learn to say their name, right? Stero. It's Stru. Wait, Is it actually, I Don, I'm pretty sure it's Olo. We actually literally did like this event with them, but we never talked to them.


What? Not really in a event. It was just like we were at the same, I mean, I guess it was, we were at the same thing and It was hard Watch You don't think, you don't think would beat them? The Event? Not them. No, Not, I, We should take all three of them was a hard watch. I mean, I don't think they get out much. They look like they're stuck in their car personally. Car see A video. It's crazy what they film. I've only ever seen them in their car with their little dome light on. They do. I mean, get a, I mean, I'm not, I'm not even trying shape. Hey, I'm not even trying to say any shade, but like turn the flash on or something. I mean, hey honestly, hey, they killed it though. You're talking On something that works. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. The, the format works. So don't wait in the car. Get their lokey Slain.


You don't gotta change a recipe that bakes a good cake. You know what I'm saying? What? Please don't ever say that phrase again. I'm pretty sure they film on like a phone in the car. Kate likes their cake. What? Didn't you think? They have 6 million followers, I think, right? Like they Have, they have a good, they have a good little army Behind them and they get like a million. I did film a video on my, my personal YouTube channel where I reviewed the, one of the boys has a Chapstick brand and I was like reviewing YouTuber products and I reviewed it and so many people in the comments were like, star was mentioned. Well, if all the people are in the comments, we should call 'em out. Matt, call 'em out. Call 'em out. I invite you. What the invite the three star Leo triplets to come fight cash. What that? No, no. Matthew, do we invite You to our podcast?


We actually do do that. Wait, Matt, do you actually think we could take 'em? Oh, for sure. Wait, like, no question back three at the same time. It, it's Matt, Nick. I have eight years of TaeKwonDo, three years of Juujitsu. I mean, it's just not even like Jiujitsu. Yeah. Andre a jujitsu three minute once like every single one of our friends andrick them up. But I mean, what if one of them are low key, like a boxer jujitsu person put up? Oh, well that would be a wild card. Wait guys, most people would think that we do all that stuff, but I mean, if they're like, yeah, if they have any sort of training, it'd be hard. It Be Matt, Nick and what's the third brother's name? Oh my gosh. Matt. Nick. And But if they don't have any training, I could tap one of 'em out in like 20 seconds. Would y'all be Gross out my far in Mike? Not the Octagon man. I don't think be, if you just occupy two of them, I Can tap one of 'em in literally 20 seconds and then it's just two V two.


But you wanna fight them in the Octagon? Yes. That's my prime spot. Well, we'll let them decide. Sterling, no triplets. Let's fight in the Octagon. I don, my gosh, I really don't think that's you Say their name. Octagon Boxing Ring. I don't care. Whatever you want. We should fight two V three. Possibly. Also Brooke Mon in Kate. We need that. I wanna fight somebody. I would actually be so down to box the stir, the intro. Yeah. My inner Octagon. Me and Mav versus all three of them. I feel like me and Brooke should and box, but like, we should come up with a dance together or something that the Cheerleaders for the fight. Hey, You and Brooke could be the ring girls. Oh, that's what we do Guys. That's me and Brooke. Like my fighting days are over. Honestly, like your Fighting days never started.


You never actually fought. You were all talked. All right. I am sorry. I'm being so real though. I would fight if, if if the Stirling triplets wants to fight, I will fight. Please, let's fight That. Wants to hit anybody and everybody who a Year, to be honest, like he tries to fight everybody who comes through our door because It's just feels like it's get personal after the dome light talk. I mean No, no, no. Seriously nothing personal. But I would love to do a two you our podcast. I would love to do a two V three boxing match versus the star leader triplet. So Star Leonard Triplets. If you're seeing this, let's fight. Let's Fight. Wait, are these big dudes? I, I don, I wanna see, See Who they're, I We we really need like a better clip. Like you need to like, oh, you're right. They're gonna see this like on You're gonna big show. You're gonna, this is gonna get clipped up and put on on TikTok.


Oh, you're right man. This is, this is about to get crazy. Alright, what do I, how do you call someone out? Okay. Say truly not. Oh yeah, you would know. Yeah. Yeah. With a big Well, that's fine. Hey, you don't have to fight, but if you do like a crazy clip, it's gonna be all over TikTok. That's true. We got, we gotta make a tic-tac clip ready. It's not Personal. Mine was pless, But like low key but low key. Like ca really does wanna fight. Then I Can tell I Can his, he's like, he's like low key. I think I Can dig all three at the same time. No, not three. But I think we could take all three at the same time with me and you together. That dude for sure happened. But maybe me, honestly. Oh fine. Here we go. Starling, no triplets. Let's fight. Dude. No, you, you have to make eye contact with it.


You're like truly no triplets. Let's fight. I'm not looking him in the eye. Frick. Alright, ready? Teach me Harper. And you need more, like, I need more like there. Harper wanted us fight. I really don't knows how you say their name. She was Like, like recalled the whole Roman army from the dead. I felt it. Sterling. Their name is so hard pronounced man. Yeah. Sterling triplets. You wait, no, no, no. There's three of them. You need to be more mean. Oh, okay. Not in Your YouTube. All Five. The Stero triplets. All three of you versus me and Maverick in the octagon or in the boxing ring. Let's fight. Or the, the backyard. Wherever. We just want it. We want to smoke. And I'll be the rest dude. Yeah, seriously. We can fight. And Kate will be the cheerleader. Yeah. Me and Brooke Monk, we're the sign girls We're fighting.


She'll be eating popcorn In the octagon, in the backyard, in the ring, wherever you guys wanna fight. Serino trumpets versus me and Mav Brooke Mon and cater the Ring Girls. I don't know what Kenzie's doing. I'm the Ref and she's the ref. Let's fight. Are you a licensed ref? I don Really don't. You're she's like, Imagine Five grown men in the Octagon and Harper's the one trying to tame it Up here. Somebody's getting beat and Harper's like, not calling it yet. Not calling it. Oh my gosh. Well, I'm, I'm glad that's over. It's not personal. We actually would like for you guys To talk about Kate. Why do you keep, keep trying to make it like, come on. Because like they're gonna lowkey be like, wow, there's beef, there's no beef.


Maybe There is. I want beef. Who should I fight? Days are over older. I'm not gonna lie. This Lina trip are perfect though. I don't even know another set of brothers right now that are like doing Anything. Jake and Logan. But like, I fighting Jake. Okay. I already said that. Dude. No, all three of them at the same time is crazy. But like, the thing is is I've seen their content. I don't know like too much about 'em, but I know, I know for a fact we could take all three of them probably. I don't even think it would get past the round one. What? Genuinely. Hey, it would go so fast for real. Wait, wait. Hear me out too. Especially in the Hear me Out too in the Octagon.


It's so over. We just sold out like 2000 something tickets to New York pretty quickly. I'm pretty sure they do big shows too, like live shows. Oh my goodness. If we both both did it, we did an 5,000 people in an arena, 5,000 actual boxing match. We sell out like 7,000 tickets. Oh my Goodness. I'm talking like 17,000. Okay. Pipe. Okay. 17,000. Parker Piper, Raquel are doing their match too. Oh my goodness. They Say has 20,000 tickets sold. Oh my gosh. Dude, that would be crazy. But Wait, that time has passed, unfortunately. Lemme tell you. My beef days are passed like I'm vegetarian now. What would you Do though if they nevermind. That was crazy. It's passed. It's passed. My Days are over. She's, She's grown up. Mine just got started. Yep. And I'm now a Ring girl And I'm now the best. And I still don't have a job.


I need, I need to do something. Whatcha gonna do though, if cash is in there just getting beat up by one story. What if I just got, he's just like, like, it's like round seven. He's just like, I can't, I'll stop It. I probably would walk out with the round eight sign if that's my case. He's like, if they don't have the sign, there's no round eight. She's like making signs. She's like, he put toilet water on me Round 10 going. I'm like, what? Bro, that would be crazy. And like what if Piper showed up and like, we were just like best friends there and then acting like we were gonna fight. But then we were like A, a good, wait what? I mean, I'm sorry. That would be like the best YouTube TikTok event thing I've ever seen. Me and Mav fighting Sterling Show Buds Harper and Piper there.


Brooke Monk and Kate as Ring Girls And Kenzie in the audience. Dude, I Can just see them. I Can just see them now in their car. Like Cash Baker wants to fight me. Like put the bite on. Dude, listen Piper, I wanna like see you. Listen Matt, you too. My listen, listen. I'm not saying like we're out here, you know, but like at least we have a set. You're they're in a car. No, I'm saying you'd fight 'em too. Dude. Luke The car, they Literally have a set, they have a podcast. They do. They have A podcast and they have a set. Yes. They just film their YouTube videos in their car. Oh. And I think that's pretty smart because it's low budget and they get more money. Low Key. We should be filming in a car. Think of auto money. We would say our next podcast episode, just us in the car. Just smarter, smarter than us. We Stop. They are, they're thinking.


They're ahead of their times, honestly. Thinking inside the car. Like look at Just Imagine damage and the costs that go into this cheap podcast set. Just imagine, bro, the Sino triplets Piper, you and Brooke and Then Jake. Paul's there just like hosting I, Jake, Jake, Kenzie and Logan sitting the audience eating popcorn and just watching. But I, I feel like Kate and Brooke have to fight too. Kate and Brooke, unfortunately, I Just, come on Kate. Call out. Call out Brooke Monk. I can't. Fine. We'll do it in another episode. I'm well, it's a visual. We're calling out the Stero Trump. So that's probably gonna be the title of this episode. And we're actually for real about that, I think, right?


Yeah. I'm for real. I'm for real. I'm For real about being the ref. Y'all can come to our podcast too. Let's run it. No, I'd be so, I I'm not gon baby. No, no. Real quick. No, no. YouTubers have done the octagon and I'm telling you I will slam in the alt octagon. No, no, I'm, I'm saying off camera. I would love for this to happen. I would cook them in the octagon. No hate to you guys, but they're Probably like, what the heck are these guys saying? I don't really know who you guys are. I know, I know who you are, but I also don't know how to say your name. Do I know exactly who they're, I'm like one of their biggest fans. Oh Really? Oh really? Yes, actually was. So who are you gonna be root for? Probably the truly, That'd be so crazy. Wait, what's their actual name? One's Matt, right? Matt. Matt, Nick and Nick. Yes.


Nick. Chris. Chris. Chris. I guess so. I don't know if it's Chris. Definitely Matt and Nick. Matt. Nick and Chris. I've heard Matt. Nick What? Poor third brother. He's just like Chris out in the wind. He's kinda like y'all's third brother. That's unheard of. How about y'all just fight the two of them and me and then third brother will just sit in the audience. What if instead of like, y'all another brother. Exactly. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Never heard of it. Wait, what if instead of them like accepting our maps, they just like send lawsuit papers. Right. And They're like, what the heck is going? And That's the case. Listen, it was a joke. Take a joke. Like, We can't even afford to get our set. It's the Podcast. Look, we don't even got tv. No, I know you guys need money too. You're filming in your car, but like, you don't gotta us do us.


No, dude. Like literally. Well, I don't know what that I, We, that one was Saying I, We can't offend anybody. We say jokes sometimes that I think some people could find offensive. It's not a joke. I wanna fight. No, I'm kidding, Dude. They probably like never seen us either. They're, they're Probably like These kids on a podcast. You guys know you're the 10th biggest podcast in the world and we still can't get Invited to anything ever. So, Oh my God. Talking about Kate's, like if I'm not invited to the Grammys, then I don't care. No, I How about you stop being So we're gonna end this episode before you look back, Kate. No, no. I'm telling you, you're just gonna look greedy and selfish. When should really end it? No, I defend myself. Let me defend myself. I don't understand With WI don't understand how people get invited to events.


Yeah. Match. That's all I'm saying is I feel like there are so many events that I see Walk in the line. You walk in the line. No. Okay. You can let me stop I guess. I don't know. Yeah, Stop. All right. See you guys in the ring. See you in the ring.