
What do you have there, Kate and Honey? Honey. Honey. How you feel me? What did you do to make up for not getting your wife a Christmas gift? Nothing. Yeah. You would think after that he would've done something. She should be making it up to me. Even cash got me a gifts. She made me book bad. Yo, stop. What the heck is that supposed to mean? What did I say? You just looked my direction and that even cash got me a good gift. I usually, you're like farting on a person or calling me fat. You baby. I cannot wait for this thing to explode. Explode projectile. I'm scared it's Gonna blow yo. Run. What's under that blanket? What Blanket? That one? There's Nothing under that blanket.


It's a watermelon. Oh dude, why do you go to watermelon? Because today I'm going to be exploding this watermelon. Listen, I hope you know Careful with that If you're not careful. I've seen these videos. The blanket is moving. When that thing explodes, it's going to go all over the like it might hit the ceiling. I'm sorry, what did you just say? Kinzie? Stop moving. What? Nothing. Stop moving. Stop it. Kate. What do you have there Kate? There's nothing. Oh my goodness. Kate, are you pregnant? And my child is moving The ceiling. Is it kicking? No. Come Bill. It's a girl. It's twins. It's honey. Oh honey, honey honey, honey, honey. How you feel me?


Honey? Honey, we've been singing that for like 30 minutes. She's like, why do you guys keep saying my honey? Honey, this is Honey Baker. This is not Rosa Mark. Ma. Matt, be quiet. We're making Honey's first. Introduction. Tofu. What that is? Rosa Marks. Kiss my Abby. I would Marv Kiss. Come On guys. We gotta give honey an appropriate introduction here. This is my honey baker. Hold her up. Kate Flexer. What's Honey's mom's name? Honey's. Mom's name is Rosa Mars Kiss my Abby. Is it actually? And what's Honey's dad's name? Papa Marks Kiss my ab It was in Hells In Back. Huh? It was Introduce Honey cake. All hell's breaking loose or something? Yeah, It was like Cynthia or Sylvia Introduce her. Y'all just letting her sit there like an old little doggy rag bro.


This is Honey. Honey. Let me see her. No, I'll give her a put her on the pedestal. No, You're gonna scare her. Not Gonna. She so comfortable. Gimme honey. Baby, come here. Hang baby. Can. Hey, as Cash is the father, he is the leader in the relationship. And I do think you should. All right. And then go to go to your dad. You are gonna get, So I don't really like the dog though. Whatcha are you talking to? Not gonna allow. What? You don't want her? No, I don't really like the dog. But gimme you pee. Gimme yes you Dude. Dude, I have a video evidence of you being like, pull the video I took, took it two minutes ago. Cash. She Took this video of you took a video of me. This dog. No, I don't like any dogs. I don't like dogs. Oh him. Lemme just wait until he starts talking. Send that to Alex right now. Look, let see.


Just wait. Okay, let's put the dog on the thing. My bumper did catch me lacking. He loves, lemme see the dog. Let me cut it. I Didn't, lemme see the dog. Okay honey, I'm sorry to move You. I know. You just wanna sit with me guys. Fun fact. Honey's never barked. What? I saw her except I did accidentally kick her though. And she yelled. No, I saw her today doing something like, all right. What? No, you here show dog. Okay. She's okay. I got, I got her. I got her. I got her. No, she, she was doing something like, like when Stella was trying to play with her Yogi, aren't you really? Yeah, she Yogi. I got a video guys of her trying to play her and Stella trying to play.


She's the king of watermelons. She's the queen. Did not go well for her. That exploded while she was sitting on The Oh my God. No, it's not nearing. We can watch it. We can put it on the screen. Watch this video. Cash. What video? Let me see. It's her and Stella trying to play. Wants to see. Oh, that's my license. Scroll back ma. Your camera over here at cash. It's her and Stella trying to play. He loves honey. Oh wow. Yeah, honey, look, Stella trying to, her legs Are gonna break. She's Just punching her in the face is fine. Like this is hilarious. Like throat punch punching her honey. Look, she's trying to play with her. She's kicking her. Honey, can I have the dog cat? That's funny. Put that, put that on the screen. It reminds me of like a cat. You guys seen cats play and they're like just hitting the thing.


Text that. Hey, this doggy is pretty softy, aren't you? He's a big dog. Softy. Softy, aren't you? No, I think you're the softy. Yo, I can't lie. That dog's breath could kill a country. Oh that. This dog's breath this here. Dog's breath This dog's breath is bad. Be gentle. Her. I I, I genuinely think it it's breath. I think I heard Her like snap. She does lowkey fart a lot too. And it stinks. She does. She has smelly doggy. Oh, that's what I was gonna say is maybe her mouth smells better than that end, but maybe that end smells too. She smell, smell. Honey, honey, honey, you got a smelly booty. Honey. Honey, she's straddle In the watermelon. It does look like she's pooping out the watermelon. Honey, can I take her? Okay, we'll set her, we'll set her down and see who she goes to. Okay, come here. Honey.


Honey, honey. Gimme honey. Honey. She's, she's leaving a second. Yeah, Kate, she's honey's like I'm going. Wow. Kate, she loves you so much. So guys, when we actually first


Thank you NOCD for sponsoring this episode. Alright, raise your hand if your brain has ever convinced you of something that makes zero sense. Like a super disturbing thought that feels so real even though you know it's probably not. Same here. Turns out that might be OCD. I didn't know for the longest time because I thought OCD was just about clean or being super neat, but it's not. OCD can show up in so many ways. Relationship doubt, scary or unwanted thoughts, intense fears or urges to do bad things to stop bad things from happening. If this sounds familiar, I want you to know, it doesn't have to be like this. OCD is tough, but it's treatable. And Nocd can help. They match you with a licensed therapist who specializes in OCD and they used ERP therapy, the gold standard for treating it. Sessions are virtual, super convenient, and they even take insurance. Head to Nocd dot com to book a free call and learn more. That's n ocd.com.


Got honey. I was driving home. It was that Christmas Eve, right? Or almost Christmas Eve. And it was the day before me And Kenzie are driving. It was the day before Christmas. It was Christmas, Eve, Eve, Christmas Eve. It was the night before Christmas or driving home. It is late. And we have to stop to charge the Tesla. Why is this standing up? And we're like, she, this is like adjusting to us. Y'all aren't listening to Mavs story man. No, I'm listening. I'm listening. Okay, well we're driving home and we're like, hold on, this is noisy. Well, you're making it as I think it's probably fine as possible. Alright, there we go. But we stopped to charge the Tesla and we're like, all right, well we need to use the restroom. What stores are open? And it's late at night. There's one store open for some reason at like nine o'clock at night and it's Petland.


And I'm like, oh no, we can't go in there. Kenzie's gonna want another dog. And we go in in, this is like Jesus in the manger story. Yeah, we go in, she's just in the man and there's all these cute little puppies And Kenzie just walks right on past. She's like, I don't care about a puppy. And then this dog is sitting in the little window just like, and Kenzie's like, we have to, we have to, we have to hold it. Like can we at least just hold it? And I was like, mm, fine, I'll let you hold it. But we're not, we're not taking home another dog tonight. Sure enough, we get the dog out to hold it and she's like, this would be the perfect dog for Kate. Look at it. It looks like Kate, it's, it's sleepy. First of all. That's kind of insulting. No, no. It's like, no, it's not Honey's. They have like the same vibe.


Like Kate just wants to sit in the rain and read a book and so does Honey. Honey just wants to sit there. Honey likes reading books. Yes. She just wants to sleep. Look, look at her. She's ready to lay Down. I do think though, that honey hates the rain and the cold and all things outside. Well Kate hates them when she's outside too. Kate hates the outside too. Yeah, I know. When I sticking out I'm like, hurry up. Kate likes looking at the outside from inside. Like if people come over to the house, honey and Kate built like get up and take off running to their bedroom. They do. We literally opened up, we all came home yesterday, like five of us honey, Ted us and was like, ah. And like ran to her room and jumped in a crate and we were like, what? Yeah, they both love their beds. They're just very like, they're the same person. Pretty much Kate and Honey. And so we're like, all right, we'll call Kate and see if they want the dog.


But I knew cash would say no to the dog. I knew he'd say No, there's absolutely no way my brother would ever own a dog. Kate's been asking for a dog ever since we started dating. I do not like dogs. And I've told him I want like, no, no, no. Sorry. I take that back. I like a dog. Like the dog being here right now. Hey Stella. Great. Owning a dog though. Cleaning up after it's poop and pee. Acting like the dog is a king and you are a subservient picking up its crap everywhere. Craps. Yeah. I mean that is, that's not human. That's not human. Terry. That's not right. Human. Terry Dogs should pick up its own poop. Yes. Now if a dog is correctly potty trained, then I don't really mind. But every dog I've ever had just poops everywhere. My dog. And she does too.


She poops everywhere. Yeah, I'm talking about Kay or the Dog. Kay. And the Yeah. Kay also peed on the floor one time, so she poop. We are the same honey. And let's see, so where's that? Some eye boogers. Oh, we call cash. And we're like, oh, look at this dog cash. You're not a very good storyteller. Let no one's entertained. No, You're keeping erupting him. Yeah, me. So I called cash and we're showing him the dog and we're like, oh, Kate's like, I want the dog. And then that's like it. They hang up the phone. Me And Kenzie are like, all right, I guess we're gonna put the dog back, ring, ring, ring. Cash calls us back. And he's like, Hey, go ahead and get, go ahead and get that dog. Kate's in the store. So go ahead and get that dog. No false. That's not what he said.


What? Yeah. No, he said, he said, go ahead get that dog. And I'm like, are you sure? He's like, well what do you think man? How do you think it's a good idea? I mean, I think it's a good dog. He messing it up. What whatcha talking about? He called back and he was like, so, so what is this dog? Like what? What's going on with the dog? And then I tell him how beautiful honey is. And he is like, okay. But Yeah, he just lied to me a few, couple of times. She was like, they said it's potty trained. No listen, no here That thing ain't potty. Here's happened poop. I was like, oh she's beautiful. I told him all the details of Honey's life, you know? And then he's like, when is she gonna die? And then he Said, yeah, that's not what I said. Yes it is. That's not what I said. And then he said, does she shed, is she gonna get hair all over my bed? Those are the first two questions.


Now you may proceed after I, yeah, so then, okay, well y'all making me sound like a doggy. Grinch over here. When is she dead? And no, you're not her death date. And does she shed, you're not all a Grinch because after the phone call, me And Kenzie were both like, when did she die? Oh my goodness. Kate must have like been crying about how much she wants the dog. Yeah, we did say that. Like Kate must have been like really wanting this dog. This is so sweet of cash to like get her the dog. Sure enough, we find out after the phone call, Kate was like, yeah, no, whatever. I don't really care. I was not like that. Who really wanted the dog was cash. No, he thought the dog was so cute. No, he meant to have the dog. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's true. No, listen, what happened was just admit you think she's the cutest little thing ever?


No, no, no. Out out of dogs. I do like her. She's the, she's a, she's a bad dog actually. What about, but she's a good dog. Is she a bad girl? Es your dog. Your dog is weird. Harper. Every time I walk in Harper's house she has a little dog named Ess. It looks like a little rat. And it just, what? Ess is so cute. No, it just wiggles and goes and it like it like you've been down to touch it and she runs away. She's like, and if a dog is being tased, that's what her dog acts like. It's like My dog. I swear it doesn't walk. It bounces on the floor with all four paws like this. Bro, your dog doesn't bounce. It just does the Scooby Doo. It's like, no, no, no, you knowwhere and it gets nowhere. It's like she just, you, you know like when like an Xbox controller or something vibrates and it's like I did walk in Harper's house one time and no one was there except for Harper.


And Estes is like barking because you know she's a guard dog. But she's running backwards as she's barking, she's like running like literally backwards, scooting back but barking. I'm telling you, she vibrates across the floor like, yeah, No also's the best. Also, by the way, I wasn't like, oh no, whatever you guys have called us now. Like there's been multiple times Maverick And Kenzie have seen a dog or something. They been like, you want it? And I'm like, yeah, I want it cash. Can we get it? And he's like, no. So when I saw this dog, I was like, well obviously Cash isn't gonna let me get it. So I'm not gonna get attached to her over FaceTime. But I'm just so attached to her now. Thank you. Said you, We don't have, I would be attached to that little puppy Too. Were you low-key? Hoping we'd say yes. Yeah, you're really, oh, what do you mean? I was the lead to subscriber to Honey coming home.


Really? How long does It, I was pushing hard for cash. Say yes. How long does it take say to until the watermelon explodes? You know, that's what I'm concerned about. I feel like I've made no ground. Like I'm not gonna lie, I don't know if this watermelon is exploding on this episode. I hope it's not. I hope. But you at least face it not to work us. I'm not even gonna lie guys. Honey is like the best dog ever. But they, they little honey bear. She's six years old and she had five litters, Which is like 40 babies. She's had so many babies. She, you did not deserve that. You should not have freaking had 40 Little honey bears right now. I know honey. It's around man. I know. You should not have had Said that about honey. Honey is Perfect. Well I'm Just saying. So she's tired. If she wants 40 different kids with five different dads, she's, It might be the same dad.


You don't Know. Yeah, she's tired. So when I got her anyways, I had no clue. It hurts your hand. Everybody she wrestling Is watermelon Cash. I hate to break it to you, but the watermelon is like stealing the show. Oh, Sorry. It's just like you're making so much noise with it. Anytime someone tries to talk it's probably Not bad. Is it bad in the headphones? Yeah. No that's good. Oh, cash just keeps cutting everyone off. That's what's happening. Well How am I cutting everyone off? I'm doing a watermelon. You Just have to like, you're like talking To yourself A water. You're doing A watermelon. That is a cute dog though. Yeah, I mean really look at it. I don't understand how the entire family hid her from me for like three. Eye is our little cut though. I know. Let's talk about that. Cut GI have a lot of honey and I have made lots of memories already. We, I had her in Oklahoma and she was like, you know, great in Oklahoma.


And then I brought her home and she had to like adjust and on like two, after two days of being home, she's not potty trained. They told them that she was, but she's not. She'll Go outside when you take her outside. But like if you don't take her outside in time, she'll just pee on the floor. Anyways, that that happened one morning I took her outside, she didn't go to the bathroom and then like 10 minutes later she peed on my floor. So I was like, dang it honey, She got that old lady bladder. She don't Know when it's getting, I was like, dang it honey. I wasn't mad but I like put her outside. Then she hadn't eaten in a couple, like not probably like a day. She hadn't eaten in like a day 'cause she just, you know, she was still nervous. So she poops on my porch. Mm. On the porch. On My porch. If you had 40 kids, you'd probably peep and poo all over the floor too. Kate. I know. I'm not even mad about it. She looks so tired, but it's freezing outside.


And I had to like hose our porch off. Wait, you look how Long hair the are. I know she's beautiful. And then She's lucky you needs some hair extensions like you Then she's standing in her poop on the porch. She's pooping and ca is like, she just pooped on the porch and then she got it all over her. And so I was like, okay, fine. So I like washed her and then I was like, well her hair is so long and it keeps getting like matted and like it's so difficult to deal with. I'm just gonna cut her hair. And I tried to cut her hair myself. And Did that not go well? My friend, Can we pop up a picture of It? It did not go well at all. Actually she looks a, I've been frustrated because she had peed and then like pooped on the porch. I wasn't mad but I was like, it's like inconvenient but it's okay. Then I felt, I was like trying to wash her and she was just being extremely difficult in the bath and I was like getting a little like stressed out.


Then I cut her hair and then I started sobbing. I was like, honey, what did I, she's just do to you. She's Just sleepy right Now. Oh yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Let me show you guys a picture. Well first of all on me and Maverick Are, we're like all talking normal. I mean Cassius butts into the conversation. Yeah. It's like, oh yeah, I remember that. What? Well, can I not talk on the ma ma ma not yell. Listen, Me and Maverick are like on our deathbed, okay at my parents' house. So sick and cash calls wanting To talk about, I don't know what work or something. And in the background all we hear is I can't do this anymore. Can't her? We have to take her back.


I can't own My dog. Like look at this picture. I mean this is a picture of a defeated doggy owner if I've ever seen one. I mean that is just like, I mean two days in owning a dog. And that's your facial expression. It yeah, it was. That's why I don't like doggie. It was, I We literally turned the background. I don't want her, I want, I want want her. Jane almost took you to the pound, honey. How does that feel? I didn't Also, by the way, I would never take her back if I like actually got to a point where I felt like I just couldn't take care of her. Which I don't think will ever happen, honey. Yeah. Will never happen. But my parents are just control your bladder. No, my parents were already like, we'll take her and my Parents dumping her on your parents is crazy. She does do my parents a lot. My mom has been texting me. 'cause when we went to New York, my parents watched her.


My mom has texted me every day how much she misses honey. Aw. She really likes her. She's a sweetie. She is. And that was like, I don bring Estes on the bottom. That was the only bad you should, that was the only bad morning. And this was her haircut. Let me see. Oh we'll pop it up on the screen. Wait, they need To really look at what she looks like in person now. 'cause this didn't look as bad to me Until I see This was after I gave, I'm gonna text this, I need to text it to Alice. Horrible haircut. But this was after That is top 10 haircuts I've ever seen in my entire life. No, this was after she had Like, you cut g This is after she had peed on the floor and then pooped on her porch and walked all in her poop. And I had to give her a bath. So then you you butchered her hair.


I didn't punish. You're like, you poop on my floor. I'll teach you all Lots. That's why I got really upset. Is I I Is that what you're gonna do to your kids? You're like, you've been a bad kid, you get shave your head. You a bad haircut. You're gonna get bullied at school now. No, I was doing it outta love. 'cause I was like, her hair is so mad at and when she walks in The ground, that's what all parents say. No, I'm doing this outta love. She keeps, She kept getting like sticks and like things just stuck in her fur. 'cause it was so long. 'cause I don't know the last time she had been groomed. Mm. So I was like, I'm just gonna cut her hair. And it looked it, you know, as You can see it didn't look super well. And then I started sobbing 'cause I was like, I feel so bad. I did this to her. Like, she looks so bad. It's not like other dogs are gonna make fun of her though. No. Stella did.


Stella came on. She was just laughing. No, I was shaves Her. My sister has a husky and has like tons of hair and she'll shave her, which you should not do to a husky. Yeah. But she shaves her during the summer 'cause she's so hot and she looks like a naked mole rat husky. And I swear that dog gets embarrassed. Aw. Because you'll go over and you'll just look at her and she's like, she knows. And she goes and hides and she's like, oh, I can't Be no. I like called my best friend. She works at like a, a doggy daycare place and they have a groomer. And I like immediately called my best friend and I was like, can you please get her in today? And they were like, no. We're like booked for like a week. Yeah. So I, I called the next place and they got her in within the hour. Oh. Just to finish the timeline of things. So after they tell us that this dog's like potty trained stuff and cash is like, okay, I'll get her.


We take her home. Right. And literally they're like, she's potty trained. 10 minutes into the car ride this thing craps in my car on the floor and I'm like stepping in it. And we're like, what's that smell? And then I'm like, you never told me that. Oh my goodness. Well I didn't want you to be like, turn it around for Turner and I, because I thought it'd be funny to give you a dog that poops everywhere. Well you gave me one. Yeah. And it's not, oh it's hilarious. And so then we get finally get this dog to Kate's or to my parents' house for Christmas. Wait, You're skipping so much. I feel like. Yeah, But like we got our like, this is like super important. So we get to the Well there is one funny part, Kate. You know how your brother's like weird sometimes? Yeah. Michael, Kate's brother Michael. He gets in these moods.


Sorry if you're hearing this Michael, but sometimes he like geeks out and he's like, oh no. Oh No. Oh, he told me about this. What? That you guys had called him the night. 'cause Mav and Kinzie drove like from Petland back to home, which was a couple of hours. So they got home at like midnight. Oh it was Quadruple hours. It was about four or five hours. Yeah. So they got home at like midnight and Michael said you guys had called him and asked if honey could stay there the night. Yeah. And he was like, no. Yeah. He told me my mom. Well mom was like, why would you say no? And he was like, well I didn't think you guys would want them like coming into the house and just bringing in like a random dog we didn't know in the house and stuff. And mom was like, no, why would you say no? I know. He was like, oh no we can't do that. I was like, what? I was like, what do you mean you can't?


I was like, cash and Kate are home. What am, how am I gonna hide this dog? He's like, no man, I just don't think it's a good idea. And he lives like across the street.


Amen. From Disney on March 21st to musical movie event of the year, arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White. Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on a win. Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story. Magic mirror on the wall. Who's the fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theater's. March 21st. RI pg. Parental guidance suggested tickets on sale now.


Oh, sheet honey chill. It's just laundry. Not that I'm talking about these Arm and hammer power sheets. All the power of Armand Hammer laundry detergent in a convenient toss sheet. Oh sheet. That's what I'm saying. And Armand hammer power sheets Deliver an effective clean at a great price. Think of all the laundry we'll do And All the money we'll save. Oh, sheet Armand Hammer. More power to you.


We're so done with New year. New you this year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them more of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what? We love that for you. Someone knows Will Too be more you this year and find the mum Bumble.


It is like across the street. I know. I was like, I'll pick it up at 7:00 AM like it'll be, you won't even know it's there. I'm dropping it off at midnight. I'll pick it up at seven. He's like, I don't know man. I don't think it's a good idea. And Mav comes home with the dog. I was like, why would you bring it here? I was like, well your brother-in-law didn't want me to bring it up there. I have no, I don't know why. You'd have to ask him why he said no. Anyway, so we like, you're making progress Pissed dog. We're like, I'm like cash go distract Kate. He's like, how do I do that? I said, I don't know, go make out with her or something. That's what I did. I looked at her tell as you did. I said, No, I'm serious. That's why I told him to do it. And I don't know if he did that. I did. You know What's crazy Forward every time that morning? Did he bring you into the room? She really can't even resist right now.


Wait, what morning? The morning eyes left. She's trying to play cool the morning we all left because did you, you were going in and out loading stuff and we needed to load her in the car. She'll fall and I was like, cash, you need to go in there and like kiss her or something for like 10 seconds while I bring the dog. But she's smiling, thinking about it. Wait, Did you do that? Can you tell me he did that? No. Stop doing that. Or you're never gonna get a kiss again. Like She's playing y'all. I will. I don't. That's crazy. He used his own body appeal. Wait, did you, Did you go to Get you My body appeal? Body appeal to my body? Does appeal. Wait, cash. Did you, did you come in and kiss me when he told you to?


I tell him when and where to kiss you. Okay. I don't Understand why you can't answer me. K. Just say yes or no. I just like, I'm disgusted like y'all just like, It's a weird conversation right now. Now cash. Can you just answer? I'm sorry. I got yelled at. Guess you talk too much. Kiss shut Up. Okay. T's gonna shut Up. We didn't wanna know that bad, but I Mean, okay. Well anyways. Yes, I did kiss her. That's So funny. I didn't know what you were gonna do, but he was like, what do you want me to do? I don't, I was like, I don't know, go kiss her or something. She's, I what y'all normally do, y'all just kiss. I thought it would really blow our cover if he went in there and he was like, come here babe. And then just kissed you. I'd be like, okay. It's totally gonna know something's up. Matt, you don't think I'm smoother than that? No.


I came in here. I came in there and I was like, how you doing? Oh and then she started kissing me first. No, I actually, I am very, very, very much in shock. But you know, the crazier part is, I remember when you guys got home that night 'cause we were like, just like going to bed and I heard the garage door open and nobody had been home and I didn't realize you guys were driving back that night. So I kind of freaked out. I was like, someone's in our house and cash like jumps up out of bed and like goes to check it. And then he comes back and he is like, oh, it's M And Kenzie. And I was like, oh. And he was like, I'm gonna go see if they need help, like unloading stuff. And I was like, dude, it's like 1:00 AM No. Was it about the dog though? Oh yeah. He just wanted to come see her. He was like, oh No, I know. But then I like, I was like, she's So cute.


Weird. I was like, you should really get in there and you're gonna smell like dog. He's like, you're right. But she's so cute. But then I came, but then, you know, it's crazy Blast for me. I never said that. Yes you did. You know what's crazy is I was like, oh, he went outside and then I was like, well, you know, they're all out there. I'm, I'm having kind kind of fomo like what are they talking and laughing at? Yeah. And I put, I put like, I put my robe on and I was gonna come outside and then I just decided to not, and I like walked out to the kitchen and I like filled my water up. It Doesn't matter. All I would've had to done is look at her and been like, how are you doing? She would've walked right back in the room. No, I almost came outside though that night. Okay. That's, that's crazy. Well she was in like that. I feel like I'm giving this thing a spanking every time I do this. Look, she was in the little screaming dog. Tell me, I'm not giving this watermelon a spanking.


What the Can you point in a different direction? I'm so scared. Make, I don't even know if you're gonna blow that up this episode tonight. If honest, If you have ptsd, ts D to come on. I'm Planning for right before it blows. I'm gonna throw it out the wall. Okay, Well are you kidding? Well, Kate, It, I did carry her in inside the crate. You might wanna hide the Dog. You probably wouldn't have seen her. Oh. But when we had to carry her out the next morning, you would've seen her. 'cause I, I had to carry her 'cause the way the crate was. Yeah, we, gosh. And to take her to go to the bathroom, it looks like, I don't know why I didn't just let her go to the bathroom right beside the house, but I walked like way over there. Like, how far, did y'all know How far is way? No, I, I love her.


And I was so happy to see her on Christmas. And she, for the first like couple days, she was so like, how you see her now? This was all she did for like three days straight. Oh. And then she finally started walking around a little Christmas morning was crazy. We, we bring this dog first off, Kenzie wraps this thing in this like crazy box. And then she's like, we should put holes in it. Oh yeah, we, I was like, we should play the video. I was like, no, we don't need to put holes in the box. It's only gonna be closed for like two minutes max. And then I'm like, 'cause cash is gonna give her the dog first thing in the morning. This is factual. And then cash is like, we get down there and we start opening presents and I'm like, Hey, don't you wanna like give her the dog? And he's like, nah, we'll do it last go. Obviously you do the best gift. Last I said last.


I said, your dog's gonna be like in the thing. By that time she's gonna open it up and be like, why'd you give a dead dog? Dude, that would've been so bad, man. She opened up a dead dog on Christmas. Oh man. Could Tragic, could Breathe. It's not sealed tight though. So Yeah, she could breathe. No, she Could breathe. No, she wasn't, the lid was like barely sitting on there. I went and checked on her like twice. Yeah, yeah. But, oh, we gotta roll that. I'll roll that video for you guys with Kate to open it up. I mean Kate was in tears And I don't know how she didn't even notice because the box was like moving before she opened It. I thought I was the one moving it like that. And Kate was like, oh, the box is just moving naturally. No, I thought I was moving it. Yeah. And then my grandma's like, there better not be a dog in that box. And, and then that was crazy. And then there was a dog in the box and my grandma was like, Hey, I crazy.


That's what she said. Are you, Wait, I dunno if it's on y'all's TikTok that y'all posted, but at least in the video that I took in the background, like you're looking at Kate the whole time for Kate's reaction. But if you look at grandma in the background, she like, whatcha y'all doing over there? She was just like, zoning out. I could see it. She was just disappearing. She was floating off into space. Yeah. Oh, She's just a little asteroid floating right now. She Looks like a little Eskimo. Eskimo. But anyway, so grandma's like bear not be a dog in that box. And then in the background Kate's like, ah, and in the background grandma's like, and like actually scared Grandma threw Herself. Yeah. She like flung herself Backwards was so funny. I think my favorite part was wrong with the dog I posted that night. I, We hadn't posted anything about Honey, but I did post a video of her on my Snapchat story.


You guys can subscribe to my Snapchat. Kate Marie with two S's. Anyways. Case with a few S's, two S's. Anyways. S No, but the next morning I woke up and there was like a viral, like someone had to screen recorded my Snapchat story and the video was going viral before we had posted anything. Mm. Great. Well I was like, oh, I mean, that's our own fault. Like, I posted it on my Snapchat story, what did I expect? But I was watching the video and one of the top comments was, is it just me or was Cash crying? And I watched the video, cash definitely watched. Were you crying? Cash was not crying. He was like, this is the biggest mistake of my life. I I watched it back too after she said that. And you are like, are swallowing and blinking a lot. Oh, that Is the biggest broken up I've ever heard.


They just blast for me. No, it, I I never said that. I, I never cried. And then I asked him later, I said, were you crying? He was like, I don You don't cry baby. He Said, he specifically said I was a little happy. Oh, that, that is. Well, yes, I was happy. I didn't say I I would've watched the video. Now you applaud that. I cried. I I did not cry. There was no crying going on. I, I guarantee there was tears now that I think about it. 'cause I remember looking at you too and I was like, Aw, he looks like he's actually happy. Hey, order Gerald's Luc. Oh my goodness. You, you turned him into a unicorn. He's Wait. No. Oh, you're Scary honey. You're scary.


Honey, stop. Oh, sorry. You're scary. Honey. Stop. I mean, I kind of like jar like this better because his not gone real wide. He definitely makes a noise. Like, Ooh honey, Just grab. So She's not very scared of his, but that was probably one of my favorite Christmases because it was just so chaotic. It was so crazy. It was my favorite Christmas. One other time on a Christmas, my grandma gave us all tasers when we were like nine. And we all opened them up at the same time and started Tasing everyone. And there's Ken's boys. Yeah. And we all started Tasing, everyone and my Aunt Peter Pants. Have you Seen that video? Yeah. What? It's a crazy. Yeah, She did. She actually, Peter Matter grabbed the taser and he was doing this to my aunt, which aunt? And she, she peed her pants so crazy, so funny.


And then our other little cousin cried in the bathroom, was like, now please, please, please, Honey, go to sleep. I know. His voice is so loud. That's how I sound. Please. Can I get Stella? I feel like she's left. Oh wow. Got a lot of likes. 2.4 millions. I say, why not dude, Stella and Honey are besties though. They run. Oh yeah. This morning you should have seen it. I came out of the bedroom and Stella saw me and she immediately runs to my door and I open my door and she runs to Honey's crate and Honey like sticks her face against the crate. And they're like both like, Aw, Cash was crying. Oh My goodness. No I was not. I'm smiling. You can see there's some little screenshot that and text that to me. I'm literally smiling. I'm like, like a thumbnail picture. Aw thumbnail picture. I Can only admit, I say she heard Stella. Look. She's so excited because she just heard Stella.


She's like, oh, she's, oh, instead gimme that, gimme that, gimme that. Instead of gimme that instead gimme that instead Gimme that. Keep back your watermelon. Look Him. Look. Oh, show, show him Stella's Stella. Show him Stella's tricks real quick. Stella, give it Stella bang. And, and lay and roll over. There's just so cool. Release. Look. Honey's trying to be involved, but she can't chew a toy 'cause she has no teeth. Lay down. She what? She doesn't, she's missing her two front teeth. Ready, ready to die. Are you ready to die? Hey, you got do Imagine she just landed on honey. That'd be so bad. Lay down. Can this camera see her? You think? Yeah, you're good. Lay down. You Video Stella down.


Hey, focus. Ready? We were so close. I think she's Just care. You have to do it. Watch out. Honey. Honey's got aray. You, you, you're, you just gotta do it faster. Just tell she can do it from here. Honey. Honey, she doesn't have to lay down. Just take honey, honey, honey. I do it all the time. Bang, bang, Bang, bang, Bang honey, Come here. Bang bang. Come here.


Today at T-Mobile, I'm joined by a special co-anchor. What up everybody? It's your boy. Big Snoop deal. Double g Snoop. Where can people go to find great deals? Hand To T-Mobile dot com and get four iPhone sixteens with Apple intelligence on US. Plus four lines for 25 bucks. That's quite a deal, Snoop. And when you switch to T-Mobile, you can save versus the other big guys. Comparable plans plus streaming. Respect. When we up outta here, See how You can save on wireless and streaming versus the other big guys at T-Mobile dot com slash switch. Apple Intelligence requires iOS 0.1 or later


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage. Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking TREM via achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or if you need a vaccine. Ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more. Or visit tremfya radio.com.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun meeting new friends and are taught by elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 epic courses like battle bots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at id tech. Sign up@idtech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime Stay.


She's like, what about, oh, she wants a treat. She thinks she's getting a treat. Stay honey's. Like look at me. Redirect. Wait. Oh, oh. No honey, Honey. Just getting stepped on. What else? What else could she do? She can roll over. Really good. She can dance. Ready? Spin. Spin. Whoa. To make her roll over. I don Dunno if she'll Yes, she'll. She's cute down Honey. Ready over? No. Come on. Other way. Do it the other way. Whatever. Wow, honey, come here. Oh. Oh, Stella, bring it here. Bring it here. Oh, you guys wanna play hot potato Stella Step?


Can I see that? That's funny. Let's play hot potato real quick. Release. Oh, hot potato's. So fun with Stella. Yeah. Stella's crazy with hot Potato. I developed this game Developed. Don't get hurt Harper. Okay, Harper. I It's what you do. We're gonna throw the Toy on. Are you explaining hot potato to her? Yes. But you have, I think she knows how to play. No, I'm just preparing you. You have to to get the rid of the toy as fast as possible because Stella comes or Stella will be crazy. And hurry. She, she, when you throw a toy, Stella has all disregard for your personal health and she's going to tackle you. Yes she does. And also if I'm talking like pause to the cornea, your eyes are gone. If you throw it and she catches it or gets it, then it, then you lose. Yeah. Okay.


All right. Oh My goodness is scary. Are we ready? You want to do it? Oh Wait, hold on. Okay. Wait, wait, wait. Ready. You gotta get up. She can't. She's not gonna cackle you. I think. Fine. Right. There you go. Sit down. Just sit down. You ready? You ready? You ready? Crisscross applesauce, cash. Oh, don't do that. Don't do that. Back bag doggy. Bag doggy. Sit down. Cash. Just sit all the way on the ground. I Can See Chase sleepy with her. He does. He does. Loves to cuddle. Honey Wants to Play. Ready? Here we go. Ready? Go. Oh, I failed. Well, Okay. Cash loss. No, no. It's a fun game when it works. Oh, sorry.


Alright, alright, alright. We gotta throw it like this. Where is it? Well it's gone. I think it went behind the painting. I got it. Oh gosh. Look, honey just wants to be included but she can't. She's has ready, she, Here we go. Ready? Special front Teeth. I can't Ready Pick up a toy. Go mad. You felt you lost? I didn't know I wasn't ready. No, I said ready. Release, release, release. Oh God. Oh my God. So no, You can catch the toy. Okay. No, you're throwing it back guys. I Hate to anything but no one's throwing it to Me yet. I threw it. I threw it. Great. Hi. No Stella. No Stella. Kay. Are you okay? Kenzie? What's happening over there? Alright, Here we go. No more time missile.


Okay, let's go Harper. Yeah, you gotta toss it. Cash. Okay. See who throws cash. You can't catch. Stop. I even said your hand. Why? Alright. You didn't get drafted. You ready? Well what is she supposed to do about that? Just, she's like, I know all about that secret room. She really is gonna get Does know about it though. Give it to me. Oh, she's not giving it to me. Come Honey, screw good. You can Times. Oh, you got it. You got it. Good. Good dog. Good dog. Good dog. Alright. Release. Oh God. Release Honey. You can Get look honey just follows her. She's like, where are we going?


Honey's so cute. Oh, Please, Stella. They're, they're a, an unlikely duo but they're great. Are you a good dog? Oh, you like this game? Okay honey just, just Follows her around. Give it to me. Honey's so cute. Honey loves Stella All release, release, release. She makes Her look like a Giant. Here Kenzie, see if You can get her to only go with the right word. Sit. Oh Yeah. Sit it, sit. Go get it. Oh you want me to do Okay. She likes hole in the wall. She likes Hole in the Wall. Wall. That's the name of the new game. I, I'm really good at developing games. Still Come here. Come here. Stay. What was your favorite part of Christmas? Harper? Probably getting my car. Can you see her? You got your car?


Gosh. Yeah. What kind of car did you get? A Barbie Jeep. Come Here's like I wanna play hole in the wall. Grab me, grab me, grab me. Pull me up. You want to sleep? Okay. Show him how you know your name. Pull me up. I can't up. There's so much going on. Hold on. Wait. Okay. Alright. Everyone don't have to be quiet. If she's gonna do this. No distractions Lay down. Okay. Come on. A little itch. A little itch. Lay down. Lay down. Stay cash. Will you throw it through the hole? Oh yes, I will Stay. I think He needs a rubber band. They're just okay.


Oh, you don't like that? Do you stay? What do you want me to do? Throw It through the hole. Okay. Stay. Okay. Honey suck. Yeah, copper. Fetch it up honey. Fetch it up. Harper fetch it up. Stella fetch it up. Oh, That looks crazy. I got it. I mean that deserves a round of applause. Honey. Honey girl. Honey know stuff. Wait, it was the way you said it. No it wasn't. Let me try, let me said cut. Fetch up that. Gimme that honey. Show them your Trick. Tell us. I knew cash the other day. I knew there was a right word. Yeah, we weren't saying it.


Sit unicorn. No, you gotta say the FET name. Alphabet. You gotta say name. Alphabet. Fetch honey. Fetch. Gerald fetch. Stella Fetch. You gotta, Gerald, you gotta say Not doing it correctly Up. Huh? It's Stella. Fetch it up. Oh, okay. Gerald fetch it up honey. Fetch it up. Gerald fetch it up. St Sit. Stella fetch it up. J She was Confusing her. Stella up Fetch It up. She don't know nothing man. I Can sound dumb to her. What? That she's Like, I don don't even speak. Maybe it's my voice. You know, I thought my biggest insecurity was my lips, but recently I've been reading comments and I think my voice is my biggest insecurity.


Now release. People tell me I sound like a cartoon. Honey. Honey, can you throw this To the wall? Oh yes I Can. Ready? Okay. Everybody be quiet. Stay Stella. Be quiet. Stella. Stay Stella. What are you Gonna do? Stella? Stella? If she took it, I'd be so impressed. Stella, Stella, Stella, Stella. You want, you want it? Oh yeah. Alright. Alright. Sit. Alright, release. Sit, Stay copper. Fetch it up honey. Fetch it up. Stella. Fetch it up. Oh, she Does know. I mean, that's pretty good. And I set it in the same Tone. You know, the more you think dogs, you Know what Alex said about honey. Good girl. Good girl. You know, the more that I realize dogs understand English, I feel like it's wrong to put a collar and a leash on 'em and cage 'em up.


You know what, You know what Alex said about honey when I got her back from the groomer? He said, why does she have a reverse fade? Hey, Release. She does look like she has reverse fade. Ready Honey, come here, honey. That's What do to like Schnauzers. Wait, wait ma, you a tra. Sometimes She'll jump off my chest, but I don't know if I Can get her to do it. Go. Oh. Oh wow. Dude, she was broken out. That was pretty Good. All right, we need to get the dogs outta here. We gotta To talk about some other stuff. All right, you're done. Go away. Go, go away. Come here. Come here. Hey, don't give chase the dogs. He'll go to sleep with them. Chase is like, come here girls. I Said no Is except for she's a Bad girl, Man.


I'll tell you what, Christmas is one of My favorite. I Explode. Giving people secret gifts is like the best thing ever when you give somebody gift. Oh, Is it just the Best? It was fun getting the gift and giving it Harper They To be a part of it for Christmas. Christmas Is the season giving you kinzie for Christmas. I got her the gift of me. Wait, keep your on giving pause. Trust me. He's trying to like play an nonchalant, but it was kind of crazy. That Was a crazy thing. Matt. You don't Hit my dog On Christmas morning his mom looks at us and is like, oh, are y'all gonna give each other your gifts? And I was like, okay. And I give Maverick his gift and he opens it up and he is like, alright, well let's move on. And his mom is like, wait, where's, where's Kenzie's gift? Yeah. 'cause Kenzie's evil. She's an evil little girl. Don't let her be underestimated.


She and I had a mutual agreement. We said, listen, if we want to get each other gifts for Christmas, we should just get each other gifts in general. It doesn't have to be for Christmas if we want to get each other something, so we're not this mutual. So I, We said we're not gonna get each other gifts for Christmas. And she said, okay. And then, and then Christmas morning in front of my parents, she's like, Hey Maverick, I got you a gift. Oh, look at me. Yeah, I'm gonna be real. I don't even know who's in the wrong there. If you guys agreed, you're not giving gifts and No. Whoa, whoa. It was not a Mutual agreement. That's what I said. Listen, we all know I'm, I'm a romantic man. I would've got her a gift if, if that was the case, I'd have got her a good gift. All right. I'm not the kind to just like forget Christmas.


Okay. There was a mutual agreement, no gifts. And I, We, this conversation was more than once. And she brought a gift to make me look bad in front of my own family and to make herself look good. No. And you know why she wanted to do it? She wanted to make up for it because she forgot my mom's birthday. So she was trying to make it look like So I forgot your Mom's. I did not forget your mom's birthday. Yeah. You're trying to get back in Good with my mama. Yeah, I know what you're trying to do. That was crazy. You didn't forget my mom's birthday. No, that's not that crazy. No. Listen. And Then my mom forgot her birthday and I was like, mom, are you being like petty right now? That's crazy. Listen honey, sit. Honey sit. Honey. Honey. Sit girl. Oh My God.


Where honey Aliens are real. That scared me. He said the aliens are real. Aliens are real. Dude, I sleep with dogs. I'm not sure that thing's gonna blow up this episode. I really don't think so. It look, wait, show the bottom.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, You can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how You can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Oh, y'all think this thing is gonna blow up? Wait, no. It looks like it's getting There. It's, yeah, but it's got a long way to go. Imagine I'm just like, y'all think this thing's gonna blow up and it blows my head off. Dude, it is. Got a long way to go honey. Honey, I'm just like It started doing more than one at a time. He's been doing that. Stella, come here. Yeah, It's Curb in. I actually had meant to ask Kenzie. I'm not asking you Maverick. I'm asking Kenzie. Okay. Did you both actually agree to not get each other gifts? No. Maverick was like, oh, we don't have to get each other Christmas gifts. So Matt just said that I Believe Kenzie, I, that's what I said. I said I fully believe that Mav was like, we don't need to get each other gifts. And Kenzie was like, I wanna do gifts and math just didn't listen. But then we Were at my parents' house before Christmas and he was like, oh yeah, I got Kinzie a gift.


I got her a gift. No, I said, we're, we're not doing gifts or something. And then you were like, well I got you a gift. And I was like, yeah, yeah, I got you a gift too. And I was like, obviously she's joking, right? Like yeah, I got you one too, hun. Yeah. So then you just saw I gift I one I wanna throw up Crazy. Oh, Stella's butt's crazy. She just throws it out for everyone to see. Yeah, she whips that thing around, man. She doesn't Mean to you. She whips that we get, Chase said it. Chase was looking at it. And he is like, it's glistening at me. Who? What's with Chase? Come here dog. Chase says, A dog is so weird. Dude. He's a dog. Don't, don't look at her booty hole. Don't Show the booty hole.


Butella Has a heart on her butt because she's just so fancy like that. Her heart. Do you see the Heart right here Still? I'm so sorry. So cute. Kenzie. A heart on your butt is not a flex. That Is Well, your wife has a Heart. Here's a heart, Man. Kate, you just kind of me. Wait, does she? Yes, she does have a heart. Is that what the tattoo is? That is what? The tattoo, you didn't know what the tattoo was? I'm sorry. I didn't know. I never really asked. I We gotta add context real quick. When Kate was 14, when Kate was 14, he, she self gave her tattoo on her butt. I'm pretty sure She Was. 15. 15. Whatever. Harper thought it was a stretch mark. Pretty stretch, right? Kate too. Honeys outta breath from playing.


Look at her. Yeah. And I Can smell it from here. Close your mouth, honey. Yeah, take So's. Got. So Matt, what did you do to make up for not getting your wife a Christmas gift? Nothing. I, I, I feel ultimately fucking, yeah, You would think after that he would've done something. She should, Yeah. You would, you would think after Christmas you'd be like, oh, well I gotta get you a gift. Now. Now she should be making it up to me. Even, even cash got me a, a good gift. She made me look bad in front of the whole family. What? That's such a heck no. What the mentality. No. Stop. What the heck is that supposed to mean? What did I say? What do you mean? What did you say? What did I say? You just looked my direction and said even cash got me a good gift. I'm saying usually you're Like, that is a, now you're catching trace. What is that Honey? Usually you're like, farting on a person or calling me fat.


You Know, I never call. Oh my gosh. But you know what makes it worse? I don, I don't get good gifts. I got Kate a vanity. I got Kate a dog. I got Kate Taylor Swift tickets. I I look at Kate and say, how you doing? That's a gift. You know What makes it worse though? Honey? Honey, come up here, Baby. There was a gift underneath the tree at Christmas that didn't have a name on It. That was, oh my gosh. I smell her breath. Yeah, I smell it too. Yeah. Anyways, there Was a gift under the tree at Christmas that didn't have a name on it, and it was wrapped in our wrapping paper. And I was like, oh, that's like the gift that Maverick got me. You know? But then I realized 30 minutes after presents were done being opened that it was 30 Minutes.


Think every minute that went by. She was like, anytime now. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Then I, I slowly realized it was a gift that I had wrapped for granny and I just forgot to put her name on it. And it was really sad for me. Oh, that's even worse. She thought she had a gift too. Yeah. I don't care. Y'all can't make me feel bad, Patty, you're so rude. No, because we had an agreement and she went behind my back. I don't Think you guys had an agreement. It doesn't say Sound like you, you do. Yeah. We, she was just like, well, I just assumed like obviously you Don't need a cashew. Get Each other something. Hey, mommy's allergic to cashews. What if you're allergic? Don't, don't assume. What if it's ary? We're gonna get each other something after we said we aren't. Mm. You know, my birthday is also December 20. She an airag on also Didn't gimme a birthday gift. You Didn't get me a birthday gift. We Went out to dinner and I bought you cakes and then I bought you Other, she did plan a whole dinner with your friends and bought you two.


Yeah, but you're telling me I'm the only one that got you a birthday gift. Yeah, actually. Oh wait, I do have a birthday gift for you. Oh, really? Wait, okay. That's like, so last month. What are you talking about? Remember it just showed up. Oh really? Yeah. What can I have? Go Get it. No, you didn't get Kenzie a birthday gift. Why is your Birthday gift? Well, no, Kenzie, we were like with her family and I said, spell her birth. I said, I'd love to go do something, but we're with your family. Is there something you want to go do at all? She's like, no, I just want, I wanna play games with my family tonight. So that's what we did for her birthday. We played games with Her brother. No, you're supposed to plan a birthday dinner for when you guys are back home out with your family. We had just got back home like yesterday. So plan something for her birthday. It's like a month later. We've been traveling all month. Oh my gosh. Not yours. Plan Something for her birthday At Look at her and say, how you doing?


Made Your calls. I Don't want it anymore though. Every, everybody used to stop making me look like a bad guy because I'm a good man. Hey, can we get to this gift of Mavs? Well, I Would like to just take a moment, honey and tell you Mav, that you should be a little more aware next time. You know, it should. That if a woman says they're not getting you a gift, that they probably are. She didn't say that though. Yes, women are liars. That's what we learned here today. She didn't say she was, he was a cameraman. Shaking his, his head. He's like, women are liars. Shut up. He's like, not that part. Look at them playing. Oh no. Oh honey. Oh, you like this watermelon, huh? The up is so good. Slow. I know. She's so, she honey played me for two days straight and acted like she couldn't climb upstairs. She would just wait at the bottom of the stairs and be like, are you gonna pick me up?


Dude, You gotta make sure that watermelon explodes by the End. Yeah. Anyways, I I'm Just hoping it doesn't blow my crotch up, man. I mean, this thing's, this thing's crazy, dude. I guess I, I suppose I'll go get your gift Maverick, but I, I don't feel like you deserve it because you didn't get Kenzie a gift. It's not about what you deserve. And Kenzie, I did give you a gift. Remember? So don't think that I didn't let Every time I was gonna put my microwave. What you say. Come Here, honey. I I really am getting played here though. Y'all are really making me like, we had an agreement, Kenzie, and it wasn't like a contract, but it was like, Hey, we're not doing that. So Maverick is a good husband every other day. Every other day. Oh my Goodness. Just kidding. Wow. Not on Christmas.


I'm excited. Christmas is my favorite holiday 'cause I get a lot of gifts. I Actually eat anything Anyways, as I've gotten older, I've realized that like I've gotten less and less gifts than my nieces have. And or not my nieces, my like my cousins. And it's just kind of sad because you're getting older. Why are they, why are they? It's wrapped in everything with little Gerald's. Hey, hey, hey. Open the bottom one first. The bottom one first, honey. Okay. Alright guys. What, what? Comment down below what you think Kate got me for my birthday. They're about To see it. It is. Got the dinosaur rabbit there. Do honey just trample. I'm like, do I just rip it open? Do I just start? Yeah. Yeah. That's normally how you open a gift. Yeah, it's Got little Geralds on it. Everything. Holy rabbit guy.


Geralds on it. Alright. Ooh, it's 7.5 by five by five inches is the box. No, stay here dude. Honey, honey, the dogs are making this so chaotic feeling. Guys be quiet. We need to give Ava's moment. Okay? Yeah. Hey guys. Hey Guys. Does a little bit like chase. You guys Like this? Okay. Okay. Av. So everybody who didn't like it was pretty a m Yeah, it was. All right. Sorry If you guys didn't like it. Oh, fragile. Oh my goodness. This is crazy. The man who didn't get his wife a birthday or Christmas present just got handed a gift on the podcast. Yeah. That Is wild. The only reason I'm giving it to you is 'cause it's non-returnable Sometimes.


Wait, you could've gave it to me. What is out For you? You really wouldn't. Here we Go. Oh well it's a a Is that a bowl? It's a bowl. What does it say? Oh, Maverick's ice cream bowl. Hey, Maverick's ice cream bowl. Y'all don't understand. Maverick eats a lot of ice cream a lot. That's crazy. Wait, did you think I, you might as well call him Maverick's Diabetes Bowl. Hey. Yeah. This thing's going with me in my coffin. They'll be like, what was the cause of death? Oh, cream. Everybody just looks over at the bowl that I like. So wait, is this Maverick's ice cream spoon? What is this?


Yes. No way. It's a shovel spoon. Oh my God. It's MA's ice cream shovel. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Taste. Taste your ice cream. You just shovel it in. It's just Maverick's ice cream shovel. That's actually hilarious. Kate's really trying to kill you off early, man, bro. You're trying to get rid of me or something. Kate. That's very nice. So Funny. She's like, you're not coming back for season three. That's very thoughtful of you actually. Yeah. Take notes. Math. Wow. This is like, I mean this is amazing. This is Did you, where are you Scrolling through Take. I'm gonna need an EpiPen after this, but this is, this is it? No, I actually, I was on Etsy and I found it.


Wow. And he likes the smaller spoons too. Yeah, this shovel is perfect size cream. They fit for a ice cream small now ice cream size. Wow. This is a great gift. This is so like, this is me. Like this is me. This is me. He not this excited for the gift that I gave him. What are you talking about? What'd You give him? I gave him a range finder. Oh, Mav, you're going, you'll like your range finder much more Creamer. Oh, I love my range finder. I love it. This is so unique. Is this a MR? Wait, hold on. Not, not that, but ready. It pimples popping. Alex, Alex stepped on bubble wrap today and I really thought someone was getting shot in the living room. I was so scared because here I Come out Harper, here I come.


Did anything interesting? You went to freaking Denver or where'd you go for Christmas? Colorado. Oklahoma. Y'all go skiing up There? Yes. Come on. Wait, did you actually go skiing? Yeah. Skate. I wanna see a video of you. Ski. Ski. Did you jump again last time you went skiing? I was like, oh my goodness. You look like you're flying. Yeah. Did you ski or snowboard? I ski. I I That video for Did Give you videos this year? No. 'cause I was sick. Half of the trip. Aw, That video of you last year's the funniest thing ever. She comes Over the hill, it's just like, ah. And she flies like 15 feet in the air. It's not, not even exaggerating. I fly literally so high off of, I wasn't even expecting that clip. Like I wasn't like I, I don't know. Cash.


You gotta start really putting those things on. Dude. Dude, I'm trying. You like this watermelon is, it's Almost There. No it's not. That's the problem. Mb Throw it out the wall and see what it Does. I should've a, a video. It's, you need a lot more. Trust me. It's gonna look like that for a while. This thing is tough man. I'd say you're like halfway cash. Did you hear what I'm, you could have at least capitalized on it. Kenzie said, I really fumbled. I could have taken a video of myself crying and been like, Kay got a dog for Christmas and I got nothing. Wow. That would've made that look bad than Yeah, that would've looked really good. Lot of you. You did. You cry. No, I didn't cry. Oh, I would've cried. I didn't eat anything for Christmas except the one thing I actually like Needed That should've on my Stella attack attack her.


Yo, get her. Get Stella outta here man. Get her. I did not, not It For Christmas attack, Honey. Okay, what you doing Harper? Guys, can we get the dogs outta here? Honey's fine. What he, What is Harper doing? Stella's doing great. Harper Honey's. So chill. She's just like a one with the couch. Harper, What are you doing? Are you done for this episode? Me? Yeah. Wait, I think I Can pick you up like a sack. Like, like Santa Sack. Yeah. Guys, You can get Stella outta Here. It might stop. Stella. Yo. That was crazy. Wait, what do you not like about Stella? Her collar. Oh, she just made a lot of noise dude.


Stella, come here. Oh mom. Oh my gosh. You spin me right around baby. Right around when you go down like your record play right around. Don't hit something. Wait. You're gonna Hit her head. That looks like the carnival ride at the fair. Shoulda seen what you looked like. You so funny. You just like, am I drunk man? Just take a minute. Oh hi honey. That I'm dizzy too hard. Dude. That's my favorite thing about toddlers is spinning them around and watching them fumble.


They're just all over the place that looks so. I don't like it when the toddler starts faking it though. I'm like, you're not even dizzy. I know. And They're like, ah, You, I'm not falling for that. Yeah, I'm not falling for your tricks. Aw cash. Just throw it out a wall and see what happens. Cute Cash is really actually slightly disappointed in his Christmas. Not this Christmas gift but he had got me a Christmas gift before he, he got honey like a couple days before. So he still gave me the other one too. And he bought me a necklace from Kinder Scott. Yeah, I fumbled man. Ah. Wait, how did you fumble? Because Kinder Scott Man, what'd Kindra do? I don Dunno if it was Kindra or Scott.


But listen What You, you knocked this over? Hold on. What? My alarm's going off. Listen, you didn't just fumble that. You also fumbled with the drone today. Cash has been flying that drone for weeks now listen. And finally The expensive One. Yeah, he crashed it into a building. There is a time when every pilot crash. Did I a wreck? Hashtag Hudson River. That was a, he landed Was landing. Did I look like A wreck bull? No. Okay. No. That was a crashed landing. Yeah, but this wasn't a crash landing. This was just crash Into your face at direction. You ran into a building here. It's got a crash, not a crash. The Andy? Yes, I did run into a building, but you know what, it was a metal building. Okay, so what's the, okay.


Yeah. Makes it better. Dude, close your mouth. Oh yeah. So Kendra Scott What? Kendra Scott. I went in there and I was like, hey, keep putting those on. Ow. Try. Does that even happen? That's what you get for trying to shoot out with it. Hold on, let me do that one more time. How do you do it? Which one? Gimme one. Look. Look, watch. I can do it if you done. Yeah, that's how you do it. Oh, what the I'll give it up.


I don know how to, I know how to make mine is put him on the thing. You gotta hurry. Yeah. So Kendra Scott. Oh yeah. Kendra Scott. I walked in there and before I was getting Kate honey for Christmas, I went and got her Kendra Scott and Necklace and Whatcha doing? No, don't touch my melons. No, seriously. No, seriously. Okay. You should at least use these. No, don't touch my melons. Okay. I'll use the thick ones. Don't touch my melons is a crazy statement. Listen, cash. Before I got Kate honey for Christmas, I went and I went and got her a dress. What did you get? Her syrup. Oh we got leakage. Keep putting them on. Man. It water. It's leak. Hey, it's gonna blow soon. Then I was like, is my son getting water broke?


It's water is breaking. I thought I was You're pointing It at Harper. I thought I was peeing myself. Don't point that at that. My gosh. The juices are going every Don't point it at your face. This is bad. Keep talking about whatever. It's dripping. It's dripping. Okay. It's dripping Point At anybody. I'm telling you. I'm serious dude. I'm freaking serious. Do not point that at us. Why do you even put it in my crotch? I'm not doing that. Just don't point it at us. Okay. Tell us about Kendra. Oh dear Lord Matt, put the table down. Harper put the table down. Don't let it point at you. Matt, put the table down. You said On the table down honey, protect you Harper. It'll go right in your face. Don't let it hit you. Oh my God. Dude, it's fine. Honey's getting a black curtain up.


I don't think the curtain will put up. Okay. Anyways, I was at Kendra Scott hold this in front of me and I went and got her a necklace and I got Kate this like stupid pink one. And I was like, why would I get that? I literally sat in the car and I was like, why would I pick out that necklace? Hey, keep doing your job. Necklace. Necklace. And then I was like, Kate, I you're gonna like this. And I, I give it to Kate and she's like, oh I love it. And the next day I was like, You can return it. And she's like, okay, I will. No, It's not that I didn't like it. I love that he went and picked me out a necklace. He just picked one that like won't match anything. And if he's gonna get me a necklace, I would rather it be something I'll wear every single day. That's a nice way of saying I returned it. Well no, I haven't returned it yet. 'cause you're gonna go with me and we're gonna pick out a new one Together. That was so sad. But was so sweet.


Why would I pick out the stupid pink One? I know, that was so cute. Went into my favorite store. It's cracking at the top. He went into my favorite store, Francesca's and he picked me out. Hey Came it like back that way at The wall. He also picked me out a little dress store for a date. It was so cute. Cute. A slightly angle. Oh yeah. Angled that way I Can you Imagine him in a boutique shopping for a dress in The corner? Wait, cash. I gotta, no. Did you pick out the dress or did you like go up to the lady and were like, can you please help me? Yeah, I picked it out. I tried it on and everything. Okay. Alright. They looked at me weird when I was like, Kate's about my size so I'll try it on. Whoa. What she said My girl's my size. No, I was saying like my hi. Okay. No, I always ruin everything. Ella's crying. Do y'all hear her?


She sad. Oh, she's about to freak out when this thing explodes honey. Is it gonna be's gonna freak out honey. You know who Else is gonna freak out when it explodes? Me? Me? Probably me. 'cause I'm the one in the danger zone. Honey, I don't think you understand. It's gonna be like a rocket C. It's gonna put a, I don Would you imagine this? All those rubber bands pulled back this far? How much pressure that really is. It's gonna Become a ball of rubber bands. Yeah. This is terrifying. With, with watermelon in the middle. We should, I need like something To protect. I know. We need eye, eye protection. Yeah, we got some eye Protection. Can I do honey? And you hold her Want worried about You want here? I'm worried about myself. You wanna switch seats? Yeah. Okay. Switch me seats. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Please. Why is everybody scared of my, wait a minute.


It's y'all. Oh my gosh. Y'all All the silliest people in the world. This is a fruit. Y'all are scared of a fruit. Yeah, but it's like, or is this a vegetable fruit? It's a big fruit. Is it fruit? Explode? It's a fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. But that's what it's about to be. No, a fruit. It's fruit with a spring in it. Juices just splashed at me. Oh my God. Oh my gosh. I cannot wait for the stain to explode. The projectiles are going down. Oh, it's going to, I'm scared. Yeah. My phone. Oh my God. I'm scared. But Matt, can you What? My, my phone is dead and Oh yeah, I'm filming it. All right guys. I'm gonna be for real. Am Am I too close? No, you're good. But it's gonna be a while still. No, but like, no, I mean like I'm telling you it still needs a lot more.


That's not what I'm saying, man. Hurry up. Oh my gosh. Yo. Chill. I'm saying am I too close to the melon? No, I'm telling you this cash, when I did it, it was like cracking everywhere and then it finally exploded. Oh, it's cracking. There's a huge crack on the Top. Yeah. You gotta just keep going. It's gonna take a while. Well, what's To talk about until then? Try be in the same Spot. Don't like put 'em up higher. Yeah. In the same spot. You just keep talking. You made it really wide. The more in the same spot, the higher pressure per in that dense area. Dude, She's leaking everywhere. Chris, what are you, bill Nye. Yeah. You want more pressure per square inch. Alright. Y'all keep talking about something Harper. What? What did what? Oh my gosh. What was your Favorite gift you got? Oh, it's leaking everywhere. What's my favorite? What? The leak. Favorite gift you got? Probably my vanity.


I got a bigger vanity. You got a Vanity. Oh, cute. Yeah. I, I, my gosh, this is stressful. I wanna see your vanity though. Math. Yeah. I don't know about this thing right there. Did you like your rangefinder? Oh, I love my rangefinder. It is my favorite G. That Maybe cash. Maybe if you give it a little squeeze with your hands To assist. No, no, no. It's, I would, you're telling me you want me to squeeze the melon? Okay. Stop a kid. Cash. You can't say That. I just did. Okay. Arm. Arm. Yo. Somebody won't drink that. It's just water. I mean From the melon. Oh, I mean it is watermelon. Yeah. It literally is water. It's like Leaking off the table.


Looks like water. It's kind of gross. It's like sugar water. Probably. Natural sugar water. I'm not gonna lie, this Christmas felt like it lasted forever. I do. I do feel like this holiday season went on forever. And Ever's Gonna get it. Just kept going this holiday season. What are you a banquet? Yeah. I'll holiday a season. No, Like we, I had Christmas at our parents' house and then Kenzie's parents' house and it was just like, it felt like Christmas kept going. My, And then I felt like it's still going. Lowkey my, don't worry. I got it. I'm worried About what this The climate change. Yeah. Oh dude, the, this room's about to change. The melon is just so misshapen. It's funny 'cause I don't think y'all understand. We are so in the splash zone, cash, this thing goes everywhere in a second.


I mean, melon just everywhere. What if it's made too shirt? I'm telling you it's every, like, we're all covered in melon. What Is that cardboard box can do for Harper? Five minutes Covered that that box is gonna save her. That's a tiny box. Is that face? That's all. Yeah. I will, I will once it explodes, But by time it explodes, you ain't gonna have time to cover your face. I genuinely don't think you understand cash melon everywhere in about five minutes or less. I don I'm really intrigued. Okay. Y don't Understand these videos and it, it pops before and then That's what I'm saying. Sometimes it takes a while. Yeah. It like cracks real bad. So like, he's not even close. Really? Should We low key just cut or Like No, no. You don't keep talking. Well, we don't really have anything To talk about as you're, as you're like No, no, no, no, no. Pretend like I'm not even here.


The melon is taken away from us. No. Well I had two favorite Christmas gr gifts. What were they? One of them was Tara Maverick and Cash's mom got me this. Stop talking. Yeah, I'm trying to Talk. Yeah. Matt always does that bro. Sorry. Anyways, keep going. She got me this golden frame. That's like Stop talking. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. We're on the podcast guys. Okay, Keep going. What are they talking about? I think the melon. Yeah. Sorry. It's okay. Your Tara got, Only Kate cares about my gift. Thank you Kate. I do. She got this golden frame. I'll be really fast. That's really intricate and it matches my chandeliers and Beautiful.


And it's about Yay big actually the size of this dinosaur painting. Yeah. And it's of me and Mavs first kiss at our wedding. It was beautiful. What was your other gift you said? Oh, my other gift was from my mom and it was like an eyelash serum. Ooh. Yeah. I love it guys. I don't think y'all see, but this minute is about to reach Mars. It is about to blast off baby. Throw it at the wall. Oh my goodness. Wait, how long y'all think til this thing actually, well we Catch his face when he does it. He looks like a cartoon character. Dude, I'm preparing for impact every time. Mario. I was talking about how is this watermelon standing up like that and not like rolling around. Oh, because I designed it like that.


What's crazy is we're all just in a second gonna freak out because it just go, My eyes are hurting. 'cause I know it's about to like come at my Your eyes. You see Mad Cat just really freaking, he's like in second pull in my face. Oh my God. His hands. He's like thinking he's gonna lose a hand. Like he is treating it like a real bomb is Severely dripping. Like you guys seen the like bomb diffusers in the movie. You Guys saw inner clothes? Are you taking this on regular videos? It's On point. You guys ever seen inter stuff? Yeah. That. No. No. You guys know when they're like handling a bomb in like an army movie and they're like diffusing it. That's cash. She's like, all right. I just gotta be very careful with the C four.


Don't Let her go. Just keep petting her. Make her feel comfort. Make her feel comforted. Cash is like bomb squad, right? Oh dear Lord. It cracked a little bit. It's pointing towards us. Oh no, it's ing. Oh. Oh. It's cracking on the top. Oh no, keep going. Cash. He said. Oh no, keep going. Oh no. Oh man. It's about to get crazy. It's Gonna blow. I'm scared. Oh my goodness, dude.


I think, I think how many more rubber bands? Y'all think I'm thinking 20 and it blows? Yeah, I think 20 a 20 to 40. Somewhere in there. Yeah. Yeah. 20 to 40. Okay. That. Well, that was four. Oh my gosh. This is so scary. This Is terrifying. Oh my goodness. Watch it. Watch it. Just go. Can Can we all just take a minute and look at the shape of that thing? Dude, that's the form. That thing is, it's severely. Oh, it's just leaking. Okay. There's seven. Oh, it's leaking so much. Is that seven or eight? Seven. Did he do two Though? Oh no. Oh. Oh. It's moving. Couple more. Okay. She's moving. Oh. Oh. I'm so scared. This thing is blowing Cash.


Keep your eyes closed. It's eight closed. At least it's Still you. Oh, it's cracking down the middle. Fix your mic. Eight. Actually I Can Nine. Oh, it's caught on the, oh, don't point it at me. Ma'am. I'm gonna need your help now. Point that little demon away for me. I need your help. No you don't. No, I do. Because look, when I'm going over it, it's like my hands aren't bringing up. They're like getting stuck in the cracks. That's okay. You got it? Yeah. 10. No, I actually need your help. No, you got it. No, I can't point the cracks towards You. It's in the crack. That's what I'm saying. I need your help. Yeah. So point the crack towards you. No, no. Come here. No, I'm not getting on that side. Smell me. Drop that tv. You can if you rotate the crack. Can't even see you bro. It can see me fine.


Come here. Mm. I'm gonna need a volunteer. Harper alien man. No, listen, it's, He said I, He said I'm scared. Scared. I don't want anything to do with that. Thing's hitting this table. You. Oh, I'm sorry. My life is on the line. Oh my goodness. It's gonna blow cash. It's a matter of time. It's not even more rubber band. It's just time. At this point. He just scorer it on me. No goodness. You said it was gonna be like a rocket. That was yay. Yeah, That was cut my hands. My hands went through all that pin for that. Hey, that made like a little bowl though. Wait, Can I? He It. Alright guys, thank you so much for watching.


We'll see you next time. Use Maverick Shovel. Oh, Where's the, where's the ball of rubber Band? Also, guys, go subscribe at the Cash from Maverick YouTube channel. We're dropping videos, two videos a month. I'll see you next time. Hmm.