
I am going to bite this green protector. Glass is going to shatter all inside my mouth and then I'm gonna swallow it. No. Okay. That's crazy. Don't swallow.


Whether it's a movie night or just midday. Skinny pup is a salty snack that keeps on giving, made with just three simple ingredients, or an irresistibly delicious taste and a large serving size that lasts deliciously popped, perfectly salted, skinny, pop, popular for a reason. Shop Skinny Pop.


Now


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One medical healthcare just got less painful.


Here we go. Y'all think glass is gonna get on my tongue? No. Fine if do it. I mean, come on. You're fine. Okay. Okay. Just bite it, bro. Okay. I'm gonna do it now. Oh, he's so dumb. What an idiot. Y'all wouldn't let me do it right? If I do it okay. Okay, do it. Okay. Okay. It's fine. It's safe. It's, it's not safe. Okay, Here we go. It's totally not safe. I'm gonna bite glass now. Yeah, that's what I'm gonna do. Okay. It's plastic bro. Crunch that baby. Come on. Get the canines in there. Nothing's happening.


Come on. Oh, I wish I knew what he was feeling. An idiot. An idiot. That was 30 seconds of my life. I will never get back. He's rude. Dude. That's horrible for your mouth. Oh, that's gotta be so bad for don't okay part. Some particles got in my tongue, but I think I'm good. Do It again. Do a bigger bite. I'm Okay, Harper Fine. I bet Matt could make Kate cry. I'm probably 60 seconds or less over or under. That would be the bet. I'm not saying it do it. I'm pretty good at it. I'm not, I'm not saying it dude. I'm just saying. Mav is very talented at making Kate cry. A gift is a gift.


It's a gift. Making women cry. Honestly. What? Make ATM And they cry. I don know why, but it's not true. Yeah. I have the opposite effect. I look at women and they get mad, they cringe. They run away angry. Oh, they, you make a lot of women mad. Everyone gets mad, dude in sad situ. But usually you say things like, yeah, I understand you're a female athlete, but I'm better than you at every sport. No. You'll say something crazy like that. What? No, I'm talking in sad situations. You have a toilet seat on your head. I'm sorry. That just feels inappropriate now. And sad situations. The only thing that comes to my head and I'm being so for real, the only thing that comes to my head is jokes, is comedy.


Yeah. Yeah. We know. Hey, that's how you cope. I don dunno if it's coping. I think it's more suppression, but yeah. Suppression. What? I'm not suppressing nothing. I think you do suppress things. What? I'm not a woman. You can't just make me open up and cry about I'm not, I don't suppress nothing. No, I, I mean well, you do what the, you suppress things with comedy, but it's fine. What do you mean? I suppress things with comedy? I, We all know that's been your coping mechanism since you were a child. Ask mom and dad. No. Now he is just gaslighting. This is what gas lighting feels like. You know what's weird y'all saying like, kids in the bathroom. I never see a kid in the bathroom. I know. Don't think in the men's either. I know why cash didn't use the bathroom at school.


Wait, why did I not use the bathroom? What? Oh no. What's going on? Okay, like preschool. Oh no. Oh, did not wipe butt to leave. No. Started school was a late bloomer on the wiping butt thing. Okay. Wait, what? So when he's been In school like a year and, and at home, he still needed help all the time. I'm like, son, what do you do when you go to the bathroom at school? He goes, I don't poop at school. I didn't poop at school because I Can my butt. I had to wait until I could get home. My mom, my, I feel like that's I you crazy. Terrible. Mom come white me. Wait, so how old was he when he So that was preschool or kindergarten?


Yeah. He probably did that till five. That's crazy. Mom, come wipe me. Oh my God. I'll tell you this. I was old enough that I remember having to call my mom to somebody. That's terrifying. That's terrible. I do remember that. I remember having to like open up the door at the house and be like, mom, mom, I need you to wipe me. You would say that. Hey, as long as You can get away with it. I mean, why do it? I'm gonna try now I'm try. Now I'm gonna be like, Kay, you know you needed, would you wipe my butt if I needed it? No. Yeah, exactly. What was the most disappointing thing Maverick ever did?


Don't answer that. So I'll bow come. I Don. Yeah. I would really have to think. I like, I I Don't notice. I plead the fifth. Yeah. Okay. Well, which is one of 'em. I I think everyone should plead the fifth right now. All right, fine. We'll move on to the next question. What was the best thing I ever did? What the best? How come you get that one down Question? Like, oh, I know. Oh, I know the best thing I'll ever did. Yeah. He bought us our challenger. Yes. Oh yeah. Well That meant the world to us. Yeah. That that's an easy one. So we had to buy their love and all kids. That's what they're saying the best did was buy them something. That's, that's the best physical thing. It's just when you see your kids that were as young, all three of y'all were still very young at that age and seeing that unselfish side of you, that made us proud.


Seeing that I had money talking into it because it was Unselfish and did something for someone else that, that was Well, cash Had to wrecked the minivan. Yeah, he did wreck the minivan The month before. I, I did total the car right before that. I, He told the minivan You Want, but that's not reason. But he has kept his car since he was 16. The Yes. Little Toyota. Yeah. Have it right to that one. The Chevy. There's Chevy. I did. Oh yeah. I have right to my, that I right to that car. Yeah. I'm like, so everyone kept saying we literally were at the car dealership and the guy's like, when we were getting another car, he was like, so what are you driving now? And cash is like, oh, we're in a 2012. 2012 Chevy Cruze. And he was like, what are you still doing with that thing? Yeah. He goes, you wanna trade it in?


I was like, no, I don't want trade it in, in, yeah. He Kept trying to get us to trade it in. I was like, come on cash. Trade it in. Do Y'all still have it? Yep, it does. We should wreck it in a video. What? We should like, I'm not joking. We should like actually wreck it in video. Kate Might be on board with that idea. Oh, nobody likes my car. Put five. I'll let you Really? Yeah. Will you let me drive it and then I Can Kate tease no. One time Cash got mad at us and he threatened to call, turn us into Child Protective Services. Yeah. Hey, something gotta be done because we and Justin, we were taking away his, We were crouching him from his phone. Guys, This is what happened to me. Hey, I thought about it too. I think I tried.


Yeah, you whipped me with a whip. Oh. And that never ever happened. Yeah, he hit me with a whip. Oh, I was there. That did not happened. You weren't there much. You were in trouble. I mean, it wasn't like a, like a, but you whipped and I went and thought, oh, I was mad. I went in and I looked up Is it legal to whip your child? Is it it illegal. Turns out it's okay. So I want you to know You can be in prison right now. I don wanna put you there. Okay. Is That illegal to whip your child? I did. Same thing. Is it illegal to take your child's phone because this ridiculous.


It's, it's ridiculous. I wonder if they literally get kids calling for stuff like that. Probably. Oh, that's actually crazy. 'cause I, I remember like really thinking about calling a number, like child protective service Manager. He was So mad. He was so, so mad that Day come You Told me you said, I'm gonna call Child Protective Services on you. And I said, oh, okay. Go ahead and Do, go ahead. See how that works out. I actually love for you to do that. Do We wanna be there when you call and the reaction, Okay, you guys are gonna leave this stuff ready. My parents take away myself. How you calling? We'll chop right on that as we got kids Being meat.


Man, I'll tell you what. Cash was the kind of kid that we could try to call Child Protective Services for anything he didn't wanna do. Like I, We go, I We lucky in the woods. The woods, I'm in the woods wife, all I wanna do is back to bed. Cash never liked to go hunting. Me and dad and Ka were going hunting trips and we had great times. I don know what y'all are saying. I the First trip was not a great, No. I had a great first trip. I fun. Y'all Were home the next morning. You were supposed to be out all weekend. Yeah. How old were they? Like Four and six, five and seven maybe. But what did you expect from a five and six? Wait, we have to go home.


Well, he was fed up. Yeah. I made the mistake of buying them every time I did this though, I'd buy him a bunch of candy when we went. Yeah. Hunting Cash. Called it the treasure chest. We camp, they called test. I let 'em eat all the candy they wanted and the next morning, No. Talk About bedtime first. Oh, bedtime. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We go to go to bed. I set up the tent and I I got them in all tucked into their little cots and I said, okay, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. I'll be right back. No, wait a minute. Put it back up. Marick had already peed on 10. He already Peed on the tent. I told him to pee. He said he had to pee. I said Go pee outside and do we know that was me right on the tent. I Thet thing to do.


Well that happened first or no, that was cash. Yeah, It wasn't cash. It was a kind of thing. And I was like, don't pee on the tent. Anyways, I, I went to brush my teeth and I come back. She's Probably like, it is dark as want me got there and I wait To get in the cot. They're both still in bed behind you By now. Gap. Well, they were about tucked in and I went out and brushed my teeth and I come back and they're tucked in again. Again. Like nothing happened. I start getting stripped down to get into my sleeping bag in my cot and Maverick start Dancing naked. Marick Goes, dad, is your cot broke? And I go, no son. My CO's not broke. Why would my coffee be broke? And I'm looking at it, I'm going, why is my co broke? Why is my cot broke?


And he goes, well, me and Casket, that's why I was brush. I wouldn't brush my teeth. Me and casket up. And we jumped on your cot, Jumped up Down on your, and broke your, So we thought you might wanna sleep on the ground. So


Cox powers the big easy on the biggest game days of the year. And this year we are going even bigger. We've supercharged the Caesar Superdome upgrading capacity from 10 to 40 gigs. And now we're connecting fans across the country with multi-gig speeds everywhere. So You can enjoy every hit and touchdown from the dome to your home. As the nation's fastest internet provider, Cox is always stepping up. Our game speeds very internet, not guaranteed Cox turns and other restrictions may apply nation's fastest internet providers based on average download speeds from high speed internet.com speeds. Test in 2023.


I Was irritated and I said I had to throw the cot out and I had to sleep on the ground like us. I was okay Trying to put yourselves above us. That was not right. No, we had our own. You were still on the cot. I didn't take you guys off the cot. You guys had our own cot. Yes, but we wanted jump on his cot. I would've took my kids cot so fast. You ripped my co Yeah, I wasn't gonna do that to my little 4-year-old and shit. Oh, I would've, I'd have been like, you're sleeping on the floor, you down. But the fact that y'all like, were all tucked in like you didn't do anything. Even intent. It broken. Yeah, they were You're caught broken. Looks like you cock. So The next morning we get up to go hunt and it's really cold.


So I I took a sleeping bag with us and we get up in the deer stand and I stuck them in a sleeping bag. They're in the same world. Yeah. We're in a sleeping bag. In the same sleeping bag. We're not laying down though. We're sitting up the deer stairs. They're just Sitting there. Well, they've ate all this candy. We're like Harper size or Smaller sides to puke. And and they're they're both in the same sleeping bag. Start puke. Wait, who you Maverick's face was hilarious. Gosh. Throwing. Can't get in the bag with both of them. So I'm trying to shove his head over the side. But Maverick's sitting there, Hall, they came home. I'm pretty sure I They came Home. You couldn't go anywhere. You couldn't go anywhere. You were stuck in the bag with him.


That's funny. Was funny. Yeah. Stuck there. So anyways, after he puked down the side of the deer stand, I said, No, deer's coming. Lets coming. I said, you guys wanna go back to camp? And they go, yeah, We jump on your Went back to camp Least still got two more cot to jump on. What, What's, and I packed up and went because I didn't have cut to sleep on anymore. It's Like a little mat that has legs that fold out so you're up off the ground while You sleep. Oh, it's like little like army cots. Yeah. Yeah. Like, and it's like, it kinda like a trampoline. There's like springs attached to it. Oh. That's why it was good for jumping up and down springs. Of course we're gonna jump on it. Yeah. Yeah. They're type of trampoline. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, They were fun boys. Good times. Raise Times, good memories. They were fine.


Yes. Loved every minute of it. That's so funny. I got pulled over by a female cop and she was in front of me and I'm behind her. So obviously I'm like, all right, I'm ready. And y'all go on the same speed. Yeah. I'm like, obviously I'm not gonna pass the cot. Like, that'd be crazy. Like people that passed the cop on the highway. Crazy daredevils. Actually I do that if if if they're going 16, the speed limit is 70, I will pass them going 70. Yeah. I'm not passing 'em, I don I times. No, I mean maybe you pass them. Yeah. Wait, what was, what was your It depends on what car Im thing. I, I feel like the the car, the cops on the road like that though, they're like, you ever seen the pace car for nascar where it's like all the cars are behind him until he gets off and it's okay. It's like go.


She exits the highway. It's like, everyone's like, go. That's true. But anyways, so I'm behind her. Then she pulls over in the left lane, drops behind me and gets behind me. I'm like, oh, so that's how it's gonna be. And so then I'm making sure I don't speed. I'm like, all right, I'm chilling right here. And then she pulls me over and I'm like, what could she possibly be pulling me over for right now? I did nothing. I was just behind you. And then she pulls me over and said, you were speeding. I said, if I was speeding, I was behind you. Doesn't that mean you were speeding? And she goes, oh well this is what she said. Well, I also pulled you over for tailgating.


I'm like, okay, now you're just making stuff up here. Now we're you and you're just making stuff up. You said I was speeding. Why? Why didn't you leave with tailgating? And so your speeding's a lie. That's a lie. That never happened. You argued with the cop. I did. And then I went, no, I went to court. Never, never had to pay it. One time I was, I was in a parade and I popped a wheelie on my motorcycle and a parade with other motorcycles. But the thing is, all the other motorcycles were dirt bikes. And I had a street bike. They're all popping. Wheelie is doing whatever, right? I pop a wheelie, a cop pulls me off the parade and gives me a ticket. Everyone around him was like, boo like booing the cop. And I was like, why are you giving me a ticket? Everyone else is doing it. And he was like, the parade line ended right there.


And you popped the wheelie right here. It was like a 50 foot difference. I'm like, are you kidding me right now? 50 Feet is a lot of feet. It's a lot. And anyways, I went to court over that ticket too. Never had to pay it. But it wasn't marked. Yeah, it wasn't marked. Like it was, it wasn't like, this is where the parade ends. Yeah. Like the parade was still going. Yeah, everybody's still going. There's babies riding on top of cars. Like there's four wheelers all over the street. Just like guys doing like donuts. Yeah. One time I'm working with my dad and we're out on a job working, you know, trying to pay bills for the family. I can't believe it. And we're about to wrap up. You were trying to pay bills for the family, man. You were saving up to buy like Call of Duty. No, that's not true. That is true. And so dad, dad gets a call.


We're On, I like how he on his, we're on job. Oh wait, nevermind. Dad gets a call. Nevermind, nevermind. I am taking your son to jail and I'm taking his motorcycle. Oh, I was the son. Yeah. Yeah. So a cop I, me by the way, dad acted mad when he got got there. Dad was laughing. So our soul was like, we would thought it's hilarious. You're going to jail. I know. I, I listen, I have a lot of cop stories because I got my motorcycle license when I was 14. And in Oklahoma you get your license when you're 14 for a motorcycle. And you know, being 14 on a motorcycle, you're kind of a target. You know, you're a target and you're not smart.


So you're gonna wreak havoc on the entire town. You know, you gotta pop wheelies, burn out, you know, do the whole thing. So I drove out of town and it's like the country. And I get back to like these, this like lake area. It's like wooded and it's like around the lake. It's like curvy roads. It's like trees everywhere. And I get back there and I'm like, I take off and I just start like using it like a racetrack because no one's back there ever. So I'm just like, yeah, using it like a racetrack. I've never seen cash. So scared in my life. Oh so funny. I can't Anyways. And I have, I have my ear, my AirPods in and I'm just going, got my air pods in, vibing into music.


And then a cop, I finally see a cop in my, like my mirror. And he is got his lights on. I was like, uhoh. And I pulled over and this cop comes up to, because you're doing like, what, 50 in like a 20? No, it was, yeah, it was like 50, 60 in like a 20 mile an hour area. So you're like 40, 50 mile an hour over the speed limit. I'm, I'm zooming. I, I get pulled over and this cop comes up to me and he's mad. He's very bad because he thinks I was out trying to outrun him. And apparently he's been chasing me for like a mile or two and I didn't know. And he's chasing him through the corner. So he's like trying to keep up. Yeah. Oh. We weren't as scared though. That was nothing near, I'm imagining he, this cop trying to keep up with you. I'm nervous. He's like, we got a runner. We got a runner.


It's a small town. They've been waiting for a runner too. And I know you, you're listening to freaking Ellie Golden in your headphones. And I turned in the knife. Turned to, yeah. And he gets up to me and he's really mad 'cause he thought I was outrun him. And then another cop comes from this side of the road, they called him another cop to block me off 'cause they thought I was running. So they cut off the road. You Were just listening to You. Yeah, and I was like, I was like, oh, I was vibing. I'm sorry guys. Anyways, they were very mad. They called my dad. They Say they were gonna like take me into the slammer, you know, what's the Slammer? They were gonna, you don't, they were gonna book me my Whole back. Just, I can't move. Yeah, You can. I think You can.


So is that when you got arrested? Okay. Told you that? I Can, I Can, I Can. Anyways, the cop's mad and he's on the phone with my dad telling me he's gonna like impound my bike license's gonna be taken away or whatever. Impound Your Bike. Yeah, because he's basically saying he's gonna ruin Cash's life. Oh wow. Was mad. And my dad's like on the phone. He is like, no, please don't like, I'll come get him. Like blah, blah, blah. And yeah, my dad saved me from the slammer. Hey, honestly needed to handcuff you and you were getting your covid test. Oh wow. I a hundred percent need to handcuff you. He was like, he was literally like, can y'all hold me down? He's like, I Can do this. I just need people to hold me down. Well we told that story, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


When I was trying to knock out my nurse on accident, if you guys didn't see that episode, I was getting a covid test every time the nurse would stick it up my nose. Like I was like, okay, I'm ready. I'm fully ready. Go. And she'd stick it up and I would like, I, my natural instinct was to just hit her. And every time I did she do, I was like, ugh. And she was like, Why Don did you hate me? I was like, I'm my apologies. I'm terribly sorry. Terribly sorry. Let's try And we're in the middle of nowhere Mexico in a village. Yeah. So literally a village lady barely even speaks English. And I'm like, I'm sorry, like let's do it again. I got like, I'm gonna sit on my hands this time. Like let's go. She does it and I bed whack the nurse again. And she, she's mad now, obviously. I mean, and then next time I was like, all right, mad, you're gonna have to hold me. So Matt was like holding my arms backwards and they do it and man did I, they just like, did you take your leg away?


No, he didn't kick his legs. But his head was everywhere. My head was like, my head was going everywhere like this. So then we had to bat me up to a wall and I'm backed up to a wall and Matt's holding my arms and she goes, I was barely got it. And then she was like, we we more, but this is fine. I was like, oh thank you. It was bad because she was the only nurse for like 200 miles. Yeah. Like that was the only one cash. It's a million dollars. This one's more for you. I don't think she'll have any objections. She might, how about it? You gotta do that same peck, but it's to a guy. Oh me kissing a dude. Just, it's not really a kiss. I feel like y'all have to stop saying kiss a P. Okay. Okay. Well even if it was a kiss, I'm, I'm fully fine with that because it's like a peck on the, it's a peck on the lips. If you tell me I have to kiss, kiss a dude for 60 seconds, it's a million dollars.


I'm be like, listen, we're both gonna have to suffer through this. Like it's a million dollars. I don't think you could listen. He has accidentally kissed his guy friends way too many times. Actually I would say that. I say that, but I don't think I could basically let myself for one video we need, we were like making them accidentally kiss. I grabbed their heads and was like pushing their heads together. Yeah. It was supposed to be me and Michael Amaya. And, and him and him and Michael could not, I mean we shot this video probably a hundred times and every time they'd get within a half inch of each other and they'd both ah, forehead back. It's do it's it's in your DNA man. Like we'd be gay Soho. And, and then I'd see that little beard. It's where he has it. He has it like beard at mustache where he hasn't shaved recently. And I was like, ah, I really am convinced Kate wants to sleep divorce me.


You guys know what that is? No. She gonna sleep divorce you. You don't dunno what that is. No, honestly I don't blame it. I don would sleep divorce him. Two, it's when you sleep, divorce is when you sleep in separate bedrooms because you can't stand how the other one sleeps. Oh, I've never thought I Can Multiple reasons. One, no, sorry, sorry I worded that wrong. I wanna sleep divorce you. The amount of time she smacks me in my bed. Oh you know you guys act like not divorce, it's just, that's just a word for it. It's called sleep divorce. What I gonna say, I would sleep divorce you. This man is a heater. He makes the bed into a water bed. He'd be sweating the aer the whole time. I'm a, she's a heater. She's literally physically a heater in bed. I, I unplugged her last night. I legit unplugged her. I grabbed her to snuggle but unplugged. What did you say she got unplugged?


No, she got unplugged from the wall. She literally had a heating pad on and she's unplugged. That's a heater. You ever unplug someone before you have the other problem with you? You be drooling all over your seat. I do drool a lot. He's just like, his pillow be so Kate, you acting like you wouldn't wanna go sleep in another bed. Wouldn't if I smacked, I don't. If I smacked you in the middle of the night and you smell, imagine in the middle of the night you just pop. Listen Would you No. But would you like maybe possibly think about sleeping in another bed? If I was like p if You were physically hurting me, I think I would have to. That's what I'm saying. She physically hurts me. Listen, she rolls over and she goes, you pee in the bed and put a towel over and so like y'all both bad. No, no. She pulls the covers off me first she rolls this way, yanks the covers, then she comes back and she goes pop with her hand.


She gets me naked and afraid and then, and then I go afraid because I get hit. It's just Listen the, I don't think you should want to not sleep with me because I accidentally smack you every once in a while. However the headbutting is outta control. Yes, She headbutts me too. She goes, yeah, I do feel bad about that but just know that it hurts me just as much as it hurts You. I had two friends I met on a cruise ship. All right, bye. But Maverick never believe Matt. Look at Matt. Time. Time. I don't wanna hear the story about about your fake friends. Don't call him that. That's literally what I was gonna bring up this story. I had two friends on a cruise ship that I met and Mav never has believed me that they were real. They weren't.


And they were, their names were Sam Fisher and Ricky. That was their two names. Yeah. Sam, if there's a Sam, you ever heard anything sound more made up in your life? If there was a Sam Fisher that went out? I don't remember Ricky's last name, so that's pretty broad. But if there was a Sam Fisher that went on a carnival cruise in 2015, hit me up. Maybe we can link up. Well no. Yeah, no maybe. Whoa. Maybe we can like be Fred you trying to slide with your wife right there. No one paid you. He doesn't care about the money. You can be friends again. Anyways, I told Mav like the next day after we got off the boat, I'm like, yeah me and not off the boat. We were on the boat. We were on the boat. So for three days you're telling me about these people and every time we go to find them, they don't exist.


They never where they, where they were supposed to be. Magically. It's because it's hard to find Sam Fisher and Ricky because we didn't have, I didn't have phone on the boat. Like I had no connection. So like we just had to like tell each other like kind of when we wanted to meet up or just randomly see each other on the boat. Like we'd had to just pass by. But how do you explain, first of all, Ricky. Ricky got popcorn. Ricky was rich. Like Rich like Harper Richie. That was not Ricky, it was Richie. No, it was Ricky. And I said Ricky was rich and you're like Ricky was rich. Really? No, you Sam Fisher, Richie. I'm pretty sure it was Richie. No, it was Ricky. Number One. I'm not rich, I make my own money. No. Anyways, no one said you were rich. So with Elon Musk rich, I said she's rich. Is Elon rich? Yeah, but just 'cause you make your own money doesn't mean you're not rich.


Even if you did, like even if you're, are you saying you're not daddy's money? Yeah, I'm not. I'm definitely not my dad. No, She, no she's definitely, she's definitely his daddy's money. I do not take my dad's money. My sister does, but I don. No. Are you gonna buy your first car or who bought the shirt? Me. She Actually does do her. Wait, are you gonna buy your first car or is your dad My dad? Obviously that's, yeah call it dad. I buy everything else. I bought these weapons, I bought this shirt, I bought my shoes. I buy everything myself. You bought all These friendships in here. French tips, friendships. No friendships. Friendships. I bought all these. You pay us hang out with you friendships. Yeah. To Hang out. Yeah, she pays us to be here. No, and I Even bought all the decorations in my room some for my birthday and stuff. So yeah.


And every morning I buy my own Starbucks Well mouth. If my friend Ricky wasn't rich, I don't wanna hear about this can we? No, no this doesn't exist. No, listen. Then how do you explain the overpriced candy I got from the candy store? Uhoh because Rick didn't, Ricky bought again. Ricky bought it for me again. He talked about this overpriced candy but no one ever saw it. I hate it. Okay. I ate the candy. He's like, I got all this candy in here. You wouldn't believe it. I bet you're jealous. I got to try all of this candy. Ricky was so rich, she was like, this is my 10th cruise in like the last couple years. And then we go to the candy shop and you guys know candy shops are insanely priced and take it to the candy shop. Alright. Yeah, I was think that too. Ricky was leading me. I was like take to the candy shop. Ricky, what you got card kiddos and guy's like treat me right Ricky?


Honestly this sounds like a really good Netflix show. He takes me to the candy shop, Richie Rich and he's like, guys, he's talking to me and Sam Fisher and he's like, do whatever you want, like do whatever you guys want. Like I have a credit card. And we're like okay. And we just keep getting it. But obviously I was raised right? So I just got like a little bit and, and then yeah. Did Sam Fisher Go crazy Though? Did Sam Fisher went a little crazier than I did and I just got like a reasonable amount and the total was like 80 bucks at the candy store and he just moves on with his life. I was like, that's pretty crazy. But yeah, those are my two friends I met. Well, never saw 'em again. Not real, not they are real. There's this TikTok I saw and it was this survey with camera McDonald's and this person ordering got mad and she pulled down her pants and pooped and just, it just dropped on the floor.


She grabbed it and she just threw it behind the counter. Wait, did we watch that one? Absolute. I We a react Video. I need to see that. I need, That's not real. That is, I know what video you're talking about. She was in the Planet of the Apes for sure. She was. That's she was raised by the apes. Wait, McDonald's, what do I look up like? McDonald's late. Hey McDonald's lady throws poop. Just look at McDonald's ladies. I was filming this YouTube video. I was like, Kate, pull into Walmart. I got poop. Oh no, I'll make it quick. No, I went into the bathroom, I sit down, I let it rip like babe blade, right, like paper.


And then next thing you know I'm in there alone. Oh no. So obviously I do what I want when I'm alone. You think you're alone? No, I know I'm alone. You know you're, I know I'm so, it's, it's going. I got a feeling you're not alone. Full flow baby. And then I'm still sitting, you know that the aftermath where like you're not quite done pooping, but you also don't, or your done poop, but you don't wanna wipe it. You can't move. You're done pooping, but you also, your body's still in shock. You also don't wanna wipe. So then you just grab your phone and you're like, I gotta like play around. Gotta digest this for a second. I gotta scroll on TikTok for a minute here. So I'm in that era. I'm scrolling on TikTok for a minute, but it's like silent. Like I don't have my ball. You want this guy walks in, he doesn't know I'm there.


I'm assuming he thinks he's alone. He sits, there's only two stalls. So he gets in the stall next to me. Oh my God. And he lets it whip. Oh, so he challenged you. Yeah. No, he goes and I was like, it was the loudest thing I've ever That's so funny. It was lot of Indian mine I've ever been And I was impressed. You basically came in there and said, I'm dominant. I I already left on mine now I didn't know what to do. I was like, I mean you win. I was like the best part. And then I, I looked down and my microphone is still on. Oh. And I was on video. I have this for the rest of my life.


One of the craziest fan reactions or fan moments I had. This one necessarily wasn't good, but vid call, more like Kate's story. I was live streaming and this was back when I had like, I had like 20,000 followers. So I was live streaming. This is crazy. When I would go live, I, I mean I, I read every comment because like ev like I didn't get, it was only 30 people in the live. Yeah. Like I didn't get that many comments. I had like 20, 30 people on my live stream and I was live streaming and somebody said, I'm outside your house. And I was like, no you're not. But then low key, I was like, maybe I should look. I look outside and they were outside my house and I just acted like I didn't see the comment. And then eventually they went away.


No bro, that's so crazy's crazy. That's creepy. And then while I sat, there's a gift basket on my doorstep. So that was nice. I still ate the candy though. What you share with candy? I don't know. But I ate it. I was afterwards I was like, maybe I shouldn't have ate that. But I ate it man. And I ate it again. Everyone tells me I never open up so I was like, I'm gonna open up today. This is my time to open up for you guys To talk about my feelings. You know, a lot of times people don't wanna To talk about their feelings and most of the time I'm that person that doesn't wanna talk about their feelings. But sometimes feelings need some talking about, and most of you guys don't even know what, where I start in life. Like you guys know me now. You know the cash baker now.


But you guys don't know like what I was like eight years ago, I grew up in Oklahoma. I was a small town boy guys, I'm telling you, I lived in a, in one of those one stoplight type of towns. You know what I mean? One of those type of towns where you walk down the street, you think a girl's cute, you find out she's your cousin. I one of those type of towns. And that's not a joke. I had multiple family members find out somebody they were dating was like their third cousin. It's a very small town. And I was, you know, I was a, I was a country boy. Which you guys might find that hard to believe now because you know, you see, you see this, you see like this type of things with us.


But I used to, I used to raise like chickens. I used to raise dogs. Maverick had a freaking hawk, bro. He was a falcon rear, A falconer, a falconer, a falconry person. He had a hawk that he caught outta the wild that was like this big. And he trained it to fly around in the air and it would like go hunt. And he would be like, and it would come back and land on his fist. Is that not, is that not insane? He caught this thing outta the wild and he taught it to fly around in the air and then come back and land. But hawks do not like you. They do not like you. They only like you for food. They only like you for food. That, I mean, that's the same reason I keep, I guess that's the same reason you kind of stay around your mama.


You know, she cooks you food, she takes care of you. I guess that's how they look at it. They thought Mav was, Mav was the Hawks Mamas. That's what it was. He was the mamas to the hawks in the wild. Mavs always been like that though. He was always a mama to nature. He, he took care of our dogs and hawks, our, our chickens, our ducks. We had ducks one time, but unfortunately one of our dogs killed our ducks. So the ducks did not last too long. Which is kind of weird because we raised the ducks and dogs together. We thought they'd be one but they were not one man. They were one for a long time when they were little, they were little and they were little ducklings just hatched little puppies that just hatched. And the ducks in the, let's just say don't mix ducks and pit bulls.


If you mix ducks and pit bulls, you're gonna get some duck soup. Ducks never come out on top unless maybe you had a bunch of ducks. But I don't really see a bunch of ducks happening. I mean you know what duck actually no, that duck probably wouldn't win either. But yeah, I mean we lived, we lived on a farm. Now my fa my parents, they bought, well actually I probably shouldn't really talk about what they bought. Well, okay, they bought a farm that produced a illegal activity and they bought it because it like got shut down for illegal activity and now they're turning it into like a normal farm. So now our farm that we had is like combined with another farm. So now we have a really big farm. But isn't that crazy guys? Think about it.


You would never know we even had a farm. You guys just think we're LOL in all the time. We're not LOL in all the time. I mean we're LOL and now. But that's, you know, that's just something we wanna talk about. And you guys, you guys wouldn't know. What's crazy is yesterday I was talking to some friends and I thought if you were to, if you were to ask me yesterday if I had normal friends, I'd be like, yeah, I got pretty normal level headed friends until I found out they believed in aliens. Do you, okay, I, I need you guys to comment down below right now. Do you guys believe in aliens? Because my friend told me it's not even a belief. He knows there's aliens. No one knows there's aliens unless you, I guess unless you've captured one area, 51 might have some aliens in there or they might just be throwing a big old party in there.


But could everyone comment on below right now if you guys believe in aliens? Because if you do, I'm gonna scroll through these comment sections and I'm gonna go to every single person that says they believe in aliens. And I'm gonna explain to them why they are wrong and aliens don't exist. And if you wanna know why aliens don't exist, it's because my friends and all of them agree that the aliens live underwater under freaking water. What type of aliens live underwater? Man? Did I hate school? I mean most people probably hate school, but I really hated school. I, I was, like I said, I was a little farm kid, you know, and then I found TikTok or no it was music.


You guys remember musically? Do you guys remember that? I found musically on my phone and then after I found musically, I tried two years to like get followers and it never worked, never did work. But then it ended up working after about two years. And I was like, mom, dad, can I please drop out? Can I please drop out to pursue my musically career? And they didn't want me to but somehow I just slowly stopped and stopped doing school because I was homeschooled. And then about freshman year, I never really, I never really did much school after freshman year. So most of the time you guys probably think I'm joking when I say I'm a dropout, but like I'm not joking when I say I'm a drop. I dropped out like freshman year but oh what?


Hold up. I just realize don't drop outta school. That's not what I'm promoting here. I'm just saying my life story like this, you know, maybe you guys can feel sorry for me 'cause I dropped out. You know, don't drop outta school. That's not what I'm promoting. But what I am promoting is, you know, chase your dreams and then if you achieve those dreams, maybe consider dropping out. No, I'm kidding. Don't do that. Don't do that. But also, you know what I like to say, don't go to college if you don't know what you're gonna do. You know how many people go to college? They spend like $80,000 a year. Can y'all believe that? $80,000 a year to go to college And then they graduate and they don't even have a good degree and they do something they want.


Obviously don't get me wrong, if you wanna be a doctor or a lawyer, you have something specific you want to be, you gotta go to college for that. You gotta get that knowledge. Not my type of thing, but it's a lot of people's type of thing and you gotta get that knowledge and go there. But college I feel like is more of a real estate investment. If I could open up a college for a real estate investment man I would. They put people in the type of dorms that you would put people in like at camp, you know what I mean? When you have like a log cabin at camp and everybody's just in a lines of bunk beds, kind of looks like a prison prison Actually no. I think prisoners get more room, prisoners get their own like bedroom, like own cell. They split with two people campuses or what's that?


When you go to camp, like at at like church camp or summer camp, you have to share a room with like everyone. That's what freaking college is, bro. I learned that in college you get one bathroom for like a community of people. It's a community bathroom. If I, if I had any access to that, I'd be blowing that thing up. So it would be my bathroom only everybody would be gonna the other bathroom. Yeah. My mom hates the word freak. Same. She's like stop saying freaking or whatever. Fricking Freaking or whatever. I know. I will say, I will say freaking and then I hear myself saying it and I'm like, that's kind of bad. No, I don't like it. Yeah, You're basically cuss word replacing.


Yeah. Yeah. Well see. But like if I stub my toe, am I not like what do you want me to just say ow that's my issue? Is that me still replacing, replacing a curse word? Because I don't wanna say curse words. Like when I say darn it right, my mom didn't like that one either. 'cause we were replacing it with the other one. But I'm like, what am I supposed to say? Oh man, you're still replacing it even though you're saying, oh man, I think You Can say dang inness. Okay, no Dang. I Say dang. If what you wanna say is something else, but you're saying something else instead that's replacing. So basically in the society you can't say anything. No words. I don't like the word.


Can I say this word Kate? Yeah, You can say that. What? Because I already heard it. So just say it now. You heard it? Yes. Can I say that word? He said tampon. He Thinks that's a dirty word. I don't like that word. I don't like that word. I say that's like a worse than a curse word. Y are Literal man children then it's really weird. Yeah. Or or uterus. Ah, no, no. Oh that's fine. I say ban dy. Yeah, they're is what the baby grows in, right? Ew. You guys, the man grow in guys like grown adult children. If you can't handle, is that what The baby grows in? Yeah, I think so. Or is that, I don't think so. What Do you mean you don't think so? What I, I think is what it comes out of. I don't think that's what it's grown in.


Do you? I think it's like Harper should know. No I don't. Harper Should know. No, I Yeah. They don't teach you that in school right now? No. In seventh grade though. The, I think the baby grows in the uterus 'cause the like I don't even know. Yeah, I think the baby grows in the uterus. I'm Not. Yeah, no it definitely does. Yeah. What do y'all mean? It definitely Does. I don't think it does. No it definitely does. Oh My gosh, they are idiots. No, I'm not an idiot. I'm saying it does. It definitely does. It says uterus. He looked it up. Well no, A baby grows in the womb. Which is in the uterus. Scott. Which is The uterus. The uterus. Yes. Which I hate that word. Can we please stop saying that word? Oh, I got a word I need to know.


What the heck is glazing mean? Glazing. Oh I don't Know. Glaze glazing. You don't know. You don't want I don glazing. You want every one? I feel like Chanel, Oh, you're not saying it right? Glazing. Glazing, yeah. Is not that. That's not it. Right? Definitely. Ggl glazing or something like that. No, Glazing is a different one, but there's a new one now. Y don't know what glazing is. You guys don't know what No, but everyone says but you do. No, it was in our comment section. They were like Mavs glazing or cash is glazing or cage's glazing. And I don't know what it means. I don what That means. What does it mean? Is it bad? It's not bad If Maverick. What? He doesn't drugs. Should we not be saying this? It's not drugs. Do we need to cut like this whole episode? You saying bro, you're whispering in the mic. You're already saying it. Say it. Can you say it's drugs?


Yep. No it's not. I'm pretty sure. No it's Not. Everybody in my comment section was like, bro, Harper's glazing so hard right now. Yeah, It's not a drug bro. It's not drugs. Not Brom is such an idiot, man. I literally just am thinking I Can come down. I think it means like you're, you're like you're sugarcoating it. Like you're sugarcoating it. Like you're like making, All I think about is donuts. I know. So You're like Sugarcoating. They looking it up. You're Making It means just like being like overly nice to Yeah, overly nice. Sugarcoating. That's why. Okay. Yeah. That would make more sense. That's what, yeah, you're sugarcoating really nice drugs. That is not what you were saying. Why is math like, that's what I was saying the whole time. That's what I saying. The, I totally didn't say drugs. Y'all just don't get me. It's fine.


Yeah. 'cause it'd be like, oh you're glazing it like you're sugarcoating it. Right. Glazing is now trickled over from switch streaming. Chat into TikTok comments. But what does it mean? Sorry, that was not the definition to glaze someone means to overpraise or over compliment them. Similar to Oh love mine. What? I Can not say that Word. Can't say that one. When I had a, we had like a PS three and this guy was on Call of Duty and I was playing with him and I had a headset on and like, I just got a headset and I was probably about 10 years old and the guy asked me where I lived and I told him my town.


And then he was like, you want to get ice cream after, huh? And he's like, you wanna get ice cream later? And I was like, yeah, no, no, That's So fake. And then he asked what town I lived and like I was going along with it and like, that's so fake. No, no, I'm being so real. But I, I knew it was a joke. I was like, oh yeah, let's get ice cream man. For sure. And but my mom thought I was being like, so for real. But I mean I was 10 and I shouldn't have been telling guys on Call of Duty where I live I guess. So I got grounded. Yeah. Wait, Did you think it was a Joke? I wasn't allowed to play with a headset after. Did you Think it was a joke? I mean, I knew he was joking. Kind of. How do you know? I think how'd you know? Maybe he wasn't joking. He Probably Wasn't. Maybe that was Cash was a Target. What's his name?


Maybe that was Jeffrey Dahmer. Jeffrey Dahmer. Jeffrey Dahmer died in like the nineties. Oh really? Yeah. I thought that was a new thing. No, they Made his show but he died in like the nineties. Dang. They just now made his show. Yeah, They were a little late on that. There was a time, I think it was like around Christmas time when there was some dude live streaming I think. I think his name Sub dude. And he was like talking about how you used him for followers. Do you remember that guy? Oh yeah. And Cash got so mad. He's like, I'm running a background check on this man. And, and you literally ran a background check on him. What? What? To try to find something to like get at him with I don Do you remember that?


I do not remember that man. So this is all false information. What? I've never heard of what I, he was live streaming saying that you unfollowed him. Remember you unfollowed this stuff, dude, I, I don't even know how to run a background check on someone. Dude, My watch just told me to stand up. What the You Gotta be more active sitting Joe. Long Joe. That's so stupid. You've been standing for like two hours. Mav. I've never, I don't even know how to run a background check on someone. You were trying remember you don't remember this guy? I remember Remember? But like that is not how it went. He did not livestream Matt. He posted a video. Actually I remember what happened. I remember he was live streaming or posted a video or something and he was talking about Cash Baker and how he got Cash Baker famous and then Cash Baker unfollowed him and like just all this crap. And I remember I was like, why is this guy talking so much crap about you?


I was the one that was upset. Yeah, He was upset too. He remember Not, I remember I was like, cash, you have to say something. And he was like, why this guy's just an idiot. Like no I didn't say anything. No, you were like running background checks on him. Dude, I don run a back. What homie's acting like I'm the ops bro. I don dunno how to run a background check, bro. You were going FBI on this dude. What's Mean? What? How would he run a background check? It's really easy. I've been there before. Yeah, it's very easy. It's really not that hard. How do you do it? What is it? I run on all my girlfriends. It's like when you run a back, a background check, it like tells you their like history. Like if they've been arrested, tells me where they used to live. Tells me where they live now. How do you do it? You Just go to, I mean like if you just search it on Google, there's different websites. Yeah, Yeah. But yeah, you don't remember that guy that was going in on you bro.


I remember Remember Cash? This guy was roasting cash. He was on livestream and he was going crazy. He was going crazy. All f his information is just so false. Only it's so true. Surprisingly, somehow you got his name right. The whole thing is true. He didn't livestream. It was a, he posted a video. Video. He also was livestream talking about it. He posted a video. He never live streamed. Yes. He was live streamed. Talking about your memory is actually so livestream talking about it. I remember him livestreaming and it was at Christmas and we were sitting there on the floor at grandma's house and and you were talking, we were watching the livestream. We were like, there's no way this guy's saying all this. He was just making it up. Oh, okay. Well he actually might have did a live stream too, but he, he, the main thing was the video. Like, lemme tell you, a guy foodic a foodic for a guy I would assume at least it's an I. When I see a guy and he's eating this, anybody know what it is?


No. It Is a muffin. No, a cake pop. Oh, that is so close. A cake pop. Like when, when a dude walks outta Starbucks with a cake popup, I'm just like, I got a cake pop. It's like my biggest ick about Kate. It better be good. Probably the way she runs. Probably when she denies. When, when? Wait. Lemme think. Have you seen her run. That is crazy. It is crazy. It's all I'll say is it's a crazy sight to see Kate run and she runs like this. Yo, you ever seen a Super Mario Bros character run across the screen? Mav, what did I ever do To you? That is how Kate runs. What did you do to me that for one, I didn't do that. You did, you pointed it out.


And if you Would've told me in the moment, Kate, Don't point that out, just telepathically tell you my thoughts. You Know what, Matt? If you really wanted you could have had it cut outta the episode. No, it's fine. I know. I would never make something funny. Cut outta the episode. I know exactly what Kate runs. Like. It's the super smash bros character. No. For you guys to imagine what Kate runs like if you're like, I wonder what they mean by Kate runs funny. Imagine Jack Sparrow running. That's exactly how she runs. But Zach, but Jack Sparrow, you think she runs like a drunk person. But Jack Sparrow, he's got some swag to it. He like, he a little swaggy. He little swaggy. Kate's like so focused. Kate's like mixed with like Jack Sparrow mixed with like Karen on like, like Adderall in Walmart.


Trying to find what she's looking for in the store. They don't have it. I'm gonna talk to the manager. I'm gonna talk to the manager. No, I'm, wait, wait, wait. That, see that wasn't a bad ick. These are fun. No, they called you a drunk Karen looking for a manager. No, my baby ick about Kate is when I wanna watch a movie with my wife. But all she wants to do is read her book and then she just leaves me alone. That does not happen. No, that's, that does not happen anytime. Cash, while he is lying through his teeth right now. Really? Kate? Yeah. Do you know how many times he's been like, find a movie while he is sitting there on his phone? I'm doing work.


It's a clash of cleanse. Why do you like grown people cry when they get hurt. What? What? What? They don't You guys cry when you get hurt? No. Like seriously injured. Yeah. That's understandable. But like, what do you mean, Matt? Monica, your knee. That's cool. You're a crier of a dude. Kind of whatcha whatcha talking about? I'm not, I'm literally just trying to explain myself. Listen, Maverick, if there's a scale of dudes, you're definitely on the more like crying end. Yeah. Like you, you cry more than like say me. Yeah. Like I don't see a problem with crying. Right, right. In certain situations. Right. Okay. So here's the thing I think, I think guys that think it's like weak to cry are like, listen to cry. Lemme rephrase this to cry. That's okay. When if you're like sobbing like uncontrollably, that's when it's like, okay, you better have a pretty good reason.


Like your mom died. Or like something serious is happening in your life to be like sobbing. Right? So, so here's what I'm saying, right? But if you just have some tears running down your face, that's okay. Here's what I'm saying, right? MA's, nah, that's okay. MA's team cry. But if Maverick leg just got broke, you're not gonna cry. I know you're not gonna cry. I don't think I'm gonna cry, but I'm gonna be screaming. I'm gonna be pretty mad. That's what I'm obviously you're like, Oh my God. Oh my God. But like, you're not gonna be actually crying. I don't think I would like seeing tears. Like imagine you just see a girl, like, man, just be like the tears when you're like, oh. And the tears are coming down your face. You know what I'm talking about? I, I just don't think a grown man, like if you were watching like a, like a football game or a basketball game and like a guy's like got broke, you don't see 'em cry. Like they're just like, they're just like sitting there. Like if you had to either lose an arm or you had to scam your parents out of all their money, but you can't ever tell them why you had to scam them and you can't tell them there is a good reason.


Nothing. I would just say, you know why. Yeah, I know. But you were gonna lose your arm. Or you have to scam 'em out of all their money and they know that you took it all. I'm scamming them. You're scamming your parents. I'm scamming my parents so bad. Yeah, I would scam my parents, you Guys arm. They're gonna, they're gonna not love you no more. It's my arm. Yeah, You're a child. Are you scamming your parents? I don't think I Can. You're losing it Arm. I Think I need to like Bethany Hamilton. I, I, I, I think, Oh my God, She got paid by a shock. Yes, she did. I You guys Her was crazy. Yeah, she didn't get by. I loved her movie though. What? There you go. There we go. Wait, Harper, are you scamming your parents or are you losing an arm?


Yes, but I'm, yes. Guess what? But I feel bad and she's like, I'm, I'm gonna do both. Lose my arm and scam my parents. No, I'm gonna scam my parents. Her both an option. I'm gonna scam my parents Scare. No, no. Not scare scam. Like take all their money away. Like Take all money. Honestly, I think I'll do both. Then I Can collect a disability check too. So Get all their money and disability. No, I would vote. You scam my parents. Someone in your both. I would scam them. Do you think you're, wait, does disability checks go up if you're more disabled? I don't. I don't. Yeah, I Don. Oh really? So if you lose both your arms, you'd get more money. Cut 'em off baby.


What? Okay, here's another question. This is my last hypothetical question, then I Feel less harmonized. What part of your body would you cut off for a hundred thousand dollars? My pinky toe. No, sorry. 1 million. A million? Yeah. My pinky toe. My pinky toe. Would you cut off any part? My pinky toe. I don You would actually cut off a pinky. You know you can't walk if you don't have a pinky toe. Like that is such a lie. No, no. Sorry. You can still walk but you It's like harder. I'm taking out like one of the middle toes. Yeah, you're right. Feel like I need an edge. A middle toe is right. Yeah. I'm, if I don't have my pinky, what am I gonna stop? I gonna take my second toe off since it's so large. I would take, I would take The But would you realistically trying to do that or rather just not have a million dollars? Any Body part Kneecap's gone. What? No, Me personally, I don't.


That's so cute. My Bunion. What's a bunion? Wait. Any body part? I'm doing my kidney. That's why I say organ in Oregon. And if my other one comes in trouble, if ear you're not really cutting that off. You're cutting it out. Yeah. It's gotta be an external body point. Yeah. My ear. I'll get rid of my ear. What? No, you're already hard gear. I Can just hear things behind me then that would be cool. I don't think that's how that works. I would Do my middle toe Toe. I would do my second toe. But would you realistically do that? Or would you rather just not have a million dollars? I'd rather not Have a million dollars. I would rather have a So you'd rather keep your toe? I'd rather keep my toe. I'd rather cut off a, I don't need a million. A little bit of my double chin. Oh, Matt. Sorry. What? I cut that off too, sweetheart. Kidding. I'm kidding. Just so you guys know what I'm about to say.


Some people in the room are gonna laugh. Who? And it's not, it's not funny and it's not a laughing subject. So you Already got me laughing by saying Don't laugh. Please, please. No, it's serious. He's clearly serious today. I don't, I Can be, this is why I don't see, I can't. No, no. Like this is actually serious. Oh, isn't it? Yes. I, I almost died. Oh wow. Did you I did. I almost died. Nope. Okay guys, none of them are gonna take me seriously. Are you? Talk about when I saved your life. None of them are gonna take me seriously. I can't hear. And You did Almost died. But I almost died. I mean actually like I was almost dead and nearly dead. And they just laugh about it. I'm not laughing. She's laughing right now. Look at her.


I am laughing. Why are you laughing at me? Almost dying. I don't, I don't understand. Why are you laughing at me? Because it's just, He nearly died. He literally, no. Stop. Say it sarcastically. He Nearly died. No. See now you got her thing in his joke. No, I legitimately seconds away. Stop making it sound sarcastic. This is not sarcastic. Was it yesterday or the day before? It was yesterday. I think yesterday. I wouldn't have been, I wouldn't have been here today and y'all wouldn't have been laughing. You know what? Maybe I should have just kept going and y'all, we would see He was laughing now. Yeah, he, he Had no clue he was about to die. He almost accidentally killed himself. Just because I didn't have a clue I was about to die. Doesn't mean I still wasn't almost dead.


I know. And I would've been so sad. So what happened? So I'm glad you asked Harper. Yeah. He was Waiting for that. Did a fish hit you? No. Also the goldfish is almost dead. We shot a video and we accidentally left a gold fish in the bag. And we, but it's alive now and we're taking it to Petco so it's gonna be all right. So two things on almost side yesterday. Wow. But more importantly me than the fish. Is it at Peco? No, we're bringing it to Peco after This. Wait, is it here? Yeah, it's in Joe's backpack. I think. Joe, get it out. It's not in my backpack. Wait, where is it? In the camera pack. Okay.


Wow. Okay. So me most importantly, yes. Okay. I was like in the garage. This is the story about how I almost died. I was in the garage. Okay. And we have, I have a motorcycle. Can't Keep going. Maverick. This is how he would die though. I have a motorcycle, right? Maverick has a motorcycle. Did it fall on you? And it's, it's winter. And I was like, I need to start them up. 'cause you know, you don't want them to just sit for months and months and not ever start them or else they'll break. Right. Or they won't be good to go. So I start them both up just to like, let them run for like five minutes and I start both the engines and then that's it. I'm just sitting there and I'm revving 'em up, watching all the exhaust go.


Like the fog's just going out of it crazy. And then I go over to mine and I rev it up for a little bit and the exhaust is just, and I'm feeling the garage up with exhaust. Like it's smoky in there and like it smells and everything. But I didn't wanna open the garage door because it was cold and I wasn't trying to be That's why you didn't open the door. Listen, I was in shorts and a shirt and I don't like cold. It says Texas. It's not supposed to be cold. Yeah. Valid Man. I just heard a motorcycle like Yeah, it's, that's kind of what it is. No, I heard it in my ear. Oh no you didn't. I did. You're deaf. No you didn. Yeah. Okay. She's trying to take away from my death story, but that's, that's okay.


And then Mav comes out and Mav opens the garage door and he was like, dude, you're gonna kill yourself. And in case you guys don't know, I found this out later. That exhaust, like if you start your car in your garage and the garage door shut and everything, it can kill you within like five or 10 minutes. You can be dead. He had already been out there about five minutes from the exhaust fumes. You can die within like five to 10 minutes. Did it smell good kind of though? No. It smelled horrid. Our Whole house smelled bad. And I, like I knew exhaust fumes could kill you over a long enough time. So I had my shirt like this while I was out there doing it. But I was like, that probably takes hours if not like a day to kill you. No minutes. Couple minutes.


And I was out there minutes and I almost died and he would've died had I not came out there and rescued him. That's the important part here. Yeah. And I was just really annoyed that I was reading my book on the couch and our house started to smell funny. She's annoyed. She's annoyed because I almost died. No, I'm sorry. I annoyed you. I would've been very sad. Meanwhile, I got up from fixing her sink and this is true. And was like, you know, cash, I should go check on him 'cause this is starting to smell. And I go over there. Yeah. And I'm like, what's going on in here? You're gonna kill yourself. And you were like, what? What? What's wrong? I said, you're gonna die. Yeah. And my exact words was, I know, and you're ruining it.


So Yeah, he almost accidentally killed himself the second time I almost died. Oh yeah. I was attached to this thing called an air chair. Right. Which is not full of air. It's, no, it's actually opposite. It's full steel and metal. And I'm, I strap myself into it like this. You gotta strap yourself right here. And then you strap your feet in. So you go strap your feet in. That's not good. And, and you're sitting like this, you're sitting exactly like this and you're sitting down and then you strap yourself in right here and that's it. But then you have a life jacket on and this thing is full metal under you pretty much like this. It's like this type of thing, but heavy. But heavy. Yeah. It's like 50 pounds. So it doesn't float on its own? No, No. But I had a life jacket on, so I float like an anchor. And we're on a SeaDoo map's pulling me around on it, on, on my air chair.


Which is not air. What's A SeaDoo exactly. A like a jet ski. Jet ski. It, It's a brand of jet ski. But they always say SeaDoo 'cause they always had seadoos. And then people are like, what's a SeaDoo? It's a jet ski. They just like are used to calling it a Sea-Doo. Matt is pulling me around in the jet ski. I have the big giant 50 pound metal weight strapped to me. And Matt's like, I want to turn the 50 pound giant metal weight. And I was like, okay. So I'm in the water floating with my life jacket and he's on the jet ski. I take my life jacket off and I, I'm like this. And then I take it off to give it to 'em. And I go, because I'm now attached to a metal weight stinks. Like, oh no, with no, with no life vest on. Which seems like an extremely crazy thing to have in the water.


That if you take your life jacket on you, you go to the bottom of the lake, you just sink. Like, I feel like they should have a better, better thing Than that time to unbuckle your foot. No, no I didn't. So he wasn't even thinking about that. He was trying to swim. He is like, ah. So right as I give it to him, I like stick my hand up and he sticks his hand down in the water and he somehow grabs my hand and I'm just making him sound cool right now. I don't know why I'm doing this, but he somehow grabs my hand and we like lean hands and it was a magical moment. Did you guys hear the Maverick's laugh? I did. Yeah. It was like, guys run it back like 10 or 20 seconds. He went, whatcha talking about ta ta? Whatcha talking about? It's just so gay.


What? You can't say that it was a little zesty. What it is a little sometimes, But I mean on top of the Barbie hat and your own Merch. It, This is crazy. Me, AV and Alex were all just chilling, hanging, hanging out, being boys and dudes being dudes. And his mom calls him and his mom is in like Oklahoma or somewhere like that. Right. It's just such a mom thing to do. Like I'm, yeah, I Can see arm like this is just mom's man. Yeah. And his mom calls her or calls him, says, Hey, Bluetooth's not working on the car. Can you disconnect your Bluetooth? And Alex's like, Alex is like, she's an hour away. Alex is like, mom, I'm not anywhere near you.


It's not gonna, and then she's, she says something back and Alex just goes, okay, I'll, I'll disconnect my Bluetooth. Oh. And Alex gets on the phone and he disconnects his Bluetooth, Bro, you actually disconnected It. Yeah, he did. He doesn't lie. Just in case. I was like there. He's like, mom, that's not how it worked. You know what? He just gave up mid call. It's okay. In middle of the phone call, he was just like, no, you don't understand. Okay, I'll, I'll just disconnect it short. Yeah. I mean that's probably easier than trying to explain it. But that's just, I hate to be fair, who the heck knows how Bluetooth works? I mean, yeah, I mean, come on now. Also wifi signals.


I mean, yeah, I don't understand any of it. I have a bubble in my stomach. What do you keep saying that? What does that mean? You know, I don You never had a bubble in your stomach? No. Yes you do. Remember on like bubble episode? Remember when we started the podcast on like episode one or two? I talked about the bubble that I got diagnosed with. You Didn't get diagnosed, I don't think they said you had a bubble in your stomach. No, they did say I had. Well, it's a fart bubble is what he said. Pretty Much everybody has it. He said you had gas. No, He said, he said you were Gassy everybody. Yes. But that's an air bubble. Mm, No, he said that there's a bubble that everyone has and it's like where your gas comes from and, but he just said Cashs was larger than Average. Mine was very large. It's way bigger than average. And like, lemme tell you on, on the thing when he's proud of it, the ex, the x-ray, it was a big circle and I was like, what is happening?


And he was like, that's a Yeah, because Mine was up right next to it. Yeah. Kate was like this big mine. I'm not even kidding. Kate was like this big, mine was like this big. It took up, no, it took up my whole, my whole thing. And I was like, big. And he goes, oh, that's just a gas bubble. Don't worry. Most people have that. I was like, oh, okay. I think he thought I was embarrassed of it, but lowkey I was kind of proud of it. And that just confirmed that I, I was like, okay. I, I knew I farted a lot and you just scientifically proved it. So thank you. So just not liking some foods is not an order. It's Not that he just doesn't like some foods. We all dislike foods. Marick eats, pizzas, burgers and chicken strips. He eats way more than that.


No, that's what does burgers, chicken strips, tacos, steak, chicken. I, I, I Can, I Can name more. He eats name more. I'm trying. I can't even think of other foods. What's other foods? He doesn't mean yogurt. He Doesn't eat. I don't eat pastas. You eat eat ice creams. You eat, you're gonna desserts. You eat fries, baked potatoes, sides. We're gonna to sides now. Mac and cheese. Listen, the point is, Guys, don't worry, I'm fine. I Can eat mac and cheese and bake potatoes. I'm just naming foods that I Can think of. You eat cash. Those are all in the same meal. Yeah, you eat bacon, you eat pancakes, you eat cash. I go to a restaurant and you eat. I'm, I'm lucky if there's one food eat at the restaurant. Actually you eat hash brown from McDonald's. You eat McGriddles, you eat eat.


You're right. You're right. I don't have any problem with food at all. No, you just don't like a lot of food. So I don't have a problem with food. Why are you Being so rude about it? I'm not being rude. You said I'm gonna come into this with an open mind, but the second he opened his mouth, you were like mind closed thinking. Okay, listen, remember mind Is closed. That's a sign of an uneducated mind. Listen, listen. Let me tell you something. Look, so let's say there's a scale, right? Say Harper eats everything, okay? Kate eats the next of everything and then I eat I Kate. She eats like everything. She's a zero outta 10. You're a two out 10 with Pickiness. I'm a seven outta 10 with Pickiness and Mavs. A nine outta 10 with Pickiness. No. Where the heck are you? I'm off the scale. Where the heck are you gonna draw the line of? That's the eating disorder. I've literally ne never met someone as picky as me.


If I could name every fast food restaurant you would eat there. Name someone pickier than me with food. I'm gonna name no answer. Be that no me, I am pick Pickier than you are Grandpa. No, he ate way more than I did. No, he didn't. Yes he did. No he didn't. Okay, look, they're all, what my point is, y'all are saying like he's an eating disorder. He, he can only eat at the same two restaurants. I could name a thousand restaurants that he eats at. He, he Chain Express, Sonic what? Burger I The same jacket in the every single restaurant in the bus, taco Bell, McDonald's, Chick-fil-A. Bro, I'm getting the same thing at each restaurant. He'll eat at all those restaurants because they have chicken strips. Pretty much all the restaurants I just named, it's either like burgers, chicken strips or chicken Sandwich. Are are you genuinely saying that there have that like 50% of the time when we're going out to eat, we wanna go somewhere and we're like, oh, Maverick won't have anything to eat there We go to Subway.


I don't eat there. The only, no, the only restaurants that you don't have, You can eat Pan can't there the only restaurants that you don't have anything to eat yet. It is just, like I said, I have categories like seafood. You have categories like Italian. Well, no, you would still eat mozzarella sticks and pizza. I don't want to, I have to eat mozzarella sticks. It's not like a whole meal. It's a si. Hello? Hey. Si. Hey mom. I'm on the podcast. Would you say, would you say I have an eating disorder? Yes. Without a doubt. Yes. Why? You have a Fear of food? A food phobia. A food phobia. So did our grandpa have did you eating disorder? Did I just don't remember what there's an actual name for it. Okay. And and did you say you wanted to send me to therapy? I think it would be helpful because I think if you could enjoy, learn to enjoy food, it would be beneficial to your life and give you enjoyment.


Thank you Mom. I love you. Love you. Listen, I don that's how mom, my our mom's just always worried about you. No, listen. She's always saying I have something. She's worried. She's a mom. I'm not saying that I'm proud of it. I'm, I'm embarrassed by it. I hate it. It sucks. He wants my life. It genuinely sucks. I, there's like, I hate going to somebody's house and they're like, oh, we made this food. And I'm like, what am I gonna do? Because I, I physically like, I can't do it. I can't eat it. I, that's what I'm saying. People make certain dishes. I have that too. Do You feel like there's four people against you in the room and you're the only one defending yourself? I don't think You can't do that For much longer. Did No, no, because listen sake, listen, if we went through and named the foods that you like, it is a ton of foods that you eat.


Whoa. Everyone's laughing at you right now. The Heath's dying laughing. Okay. Everyone knows it's not true. So can somebody tell me this? Where's the wine? People are gonna be on a spectrum like this. Catch this. There's an average. Okay. No, there's an average like this. And then there's people that eat everything. They eat everything. Like they'll eat a grasshopper. Okay? And then there's people that are a little picky. And then there's me cash. Do you understand that? The Thing is, is that obvi there, we all have foods that we don't like. But if you were to put, I don't like enchiladas. If you were to put a plate of enchiladas in front of me, I would be able to eat it. I wouldn't, it wouldn't be my favorite thing. I'd be like, well it's not my favorite thing, but I Can eat it. You could eat it. Harper could eat it. I probably Maverick would gag. I would know I even like the food on the plate.


I would know I like all these foods separate, but because they're touching, I wouldn't be able to eat it. It's literally a mental thing he has. And that's the definition of an eating disorder is a mental disadvantage that hinders Nobody day to day life. I'm mentally challenged. No, no, because, no. Yeah. Now we wanna talk about being rude. That's the rude and offensive. I am mentally challenged when it comes to eating. That's rude and offensive. You are not mentally challenged. Okay. That's literally true. I can't, what do you mean you can't? I've asked y the one question so many times. Kenzie's calling me's. Ask her. She's known you one month. Kenzie. Hello? I'm on the podcast. Yeah. Would you say I have a eating disorder? Do you want me to answer That? Like legitimately? Yeah. Yeah.


I Think you might have a problem. Yes. No, an eating disorder. Thank you. No, no. Would you call it an eating disorder? Can I say something to Her? No, no, no. Lemme Just Say, yeah, go ahead. Talk to her to convince her. No, I'm just going, Kenzie, I'm gonna give you the definition of an eating disorder. You can tell Me. No, just let her say it. Okay. Any, okay. Turn her up too. Gosh, why are you so grouchy? Cash. Because y'all are being rude. Okay, here, an eating disorder is any of a range of, wait, are y'all right? Okay. Any range of mental conditions in which there is a persistent disturbance of eating behavior, an impairment of physical or mental health.


Would you say that? Okay. What? Whatever. What? Yes. I'm sorry, Maverick. Yes. Yeah. So you would say he has an eating disorder. It's a mental disturbance in his life. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Alright, I'll talk to you later. All right. Bye. Y'all are saying Maverick, eat an enchilada. But if Maverick was starving in the middle of the ocean, he'd eat an enchilada. No he wouldn't. Y'all are so stupid. Y'all think that homie, he's eating starving in the middle of the ocean. You're dying. Here's a fresh warm enchilada. Nah, I'm good. Are you done? I Don know him better. Yeah. Are you done? Are you serious? No, I'm ready to fight. You don't think he can into enchilada? Alright. Oh, I'm being trolled Kate.


Kate's gave up. I've gave up. It's just you and Harper now. No, you no, no, no. It's just you and Harper for now. No, no, no. You can't leave yet. No, no, no. I'm doesn't have any eating disorder. Like I That is crazy. If all y'all think he actually wouldn't eat a fresh warm enchilada starving in the middle of the ocean. No, I'm on your side. People turn into cannibals when they're starving and y'all think homie won't eat an enchilada. Maybe. Is this A prank on me? Okay. Hold on. Hold on. I'm pretty sure even eating it then would be a disturbance in my daily life. There's like people that've eaten there. I've gone to the point where I'm starving. And now the only thing you around to eat is a hot, fresh enchilada. You heard it? You would eat that thing before anybody even knew there was an enchilada on a wrap. I'd be waiting till the brink of death to eat that enchilada. No, no, no, no. Three days without food.


You, you are going to the Mexican restaurant to order all the enchiladas You can. That was the only thing. Yes, Maverick would eat the enchilada, but it would take him a while to get to it. You, the second you see the enchilada, you're gonna eat it. Yeah. Yeah. Because I like enchiladas. But, but if you show me a sushi, I'm not eating that thing until day two or three. Maverick Maverick would not eat the enchilada until day two or three. No. You eating that first hour. No, ma, I don think you're eating whatever's best. Sus don't even now all y'all are telling ma would eat the enchilada. All y'all said it's okay for both y'all. Y'all are both right. No Maverick's just Right. Listen, I'm telling you. And now all y'all are saying, oh, well, maybe cash. No, probably eat the enchilada ca No, you're right, you're right.


So you would eat the enchilada. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I'm I actually eat everything. You're right. It's so stupid. Wouldn't you agree, Kate? I would say Maverick would eat anything you put in front of him. Yep. My sister was getting some oils for her birthday, or my mom bought 'em for her birthday. Like for when all her friends come over and me Andm ate the Oreos before her birthday. Like her birthday was the next day. We did mem ate them. And then my sister Wait That whole pack? Oh yeah. Matt does mess with the mic a lot. No, I was was fixing the cord. I was fixing the cord chill. No, you, the first time I touched it and mem ate the whole thing. And then my sister cried in her bedroom alone about it because she was like, well, I'm not gonna have any, I don't have any Oreos for my birthday party tomorrow. And she didn't want to ask my mom to get any more because she thought my mom couldn't buy any more Oreos because we didn't have enough money.


That's sad. And your mom was like, bought her more Oreos. Mom buy or that bad? What? I think she just wanted to cry. Girls always be doing that. They'd be finding reasons to cry. No, you're my daddy would buy all the Oreos. No, your sister was definitely like I could By told me too. By way guys, by the way, we did have money to buy more Oreos. You told me too that you thought you were like, I thought we were going broke. Oh, my mom always made us think we were broke. My dad says it too. Yeah, my mom, she's like, she'd be hiding money. She's like, you know, my mom, she's like, she STEs money. All these under the mattress, under toilet seats. She stashing money everywhere. True. I open up toilet, quite toilet where? Day to pee. And I'm like, oh. Oh my gosh. And money just fell out. Oh yeah, for sure.


Yeah. That happened. No, but she does, she does stash money. And You made it sound like your mom was like, we're not gonna have enough to pay the bills this month, honey. She does. Does she does do that. She does. She's like, she's like always stressing about the money. I don know how it's gonna work and my dad's like, it's gonna work. It always works. It's fine. Yeah. And my dad was never stressed about it. And we were like, okay, this is kind of weird. And turns out she's like, we don't, this is gonna be hard to make ends meet this month. And then next month she's like, so we're going on a ski trip. We're like, what? And she's like, yeah, we've been saving for the ski trip. I'm like, oh. So that's why I couldn't have my chicken nuggets for McDonald's. Guess what? When we, when we were taking the singing lessons. Oh no. Y what if she watches this?


No, this isn't about her. This is about you. Oh, Everything. When we were taking the singing lessons, she would assign us opera to go home and sing. Yeah. And Mav would try to attempt his sometimes. And then I did the homework. No, no. And then I caught Maverick. Don't, don't dog on him. Y'all were paying for singing lessons. He was trying to Yeah. Mind what my money's worth. He's like, Maverick actually practiced guys. He actually practiced. He did What he spent the money on. That's crazy. I thought. But what were you gonna Say? He walked, I walk in his room and homie was listening to non assigned opera. Not for practice. Wasn't, he was just listening to opera for enjoyment. No, it, I was not. It was the exact He was, bro. And I said, you listen, what are you listening to?


And you're like, well, opera. I mean, some opera's good. No, no. I, I was probably listening to classical music, not opera. Yeah. There's a difference between opera. No, classic. Every once in a while, like once a year, I'll turn on some classical music while I classic like clean or something. Classic. Classical music is like ac DC. That is opera. There's a huge difference. Well, that's classic rock, my friend. Classic rock. So it's classic music. No, classical music is, is not that very far from ac. C, D, C. Classical. Oh, Costco, you CashCo the violins and all that stuff. Like Beethoven. Yeah, Beethoven. Beethoven Without a dog. He said Beethoven the dog. Beethoven just like the dog. Hey, well you know what Cash told me? No. When we were youngins just little babies.


Ni we were like probably like 14, 15, 15. I do not know if this statement is true. You Absolutely. I'm scared, you know this is true. He told me, he was like, guess what I'm doing on FaceTime? Guess what I'm doing every day now? And I was like, what? He was like, I watched a video on how to become a millionaire before you, before you're 25 or something. And he started, he started taking bubble baths. Lies, lies, lies, lies. C lies chocolate. He would get some chocolate and he would take bubble baths because that's what the dude in the media Lies. Lies, lies, lies. I would never say, we were just talking about how Joe's baby has a bath time and you were like, I wish I had a bath time. No, listen. I would never say, Hey Kay. I watched this video on how to become a millionaire. You did though.


You it told me to take baths. So I'm gonna start taking baths. I would never say That. And then you bought chocolate. Said I didn't shoot. I You Did. How would I know that Bro? I didn't tell you You had chocolates. Bath salt, Epson salt candles. The bath. The bath. Pink bubbles. I specifically Remember you telling me one time, okay, I'm gonna go. And I was like, oh, what are you doing? And you were going to take one of your baths. Yes. But I didn't say, I watched a video on how to become a millionaire. Yes, you did. You told me you Did. You did. How Do I know that? Yes you did. I remember this. Well, gosh, Jordan, the bath worked. Thanks. Straight dick. Yeah. So who's not now? Four? You take any baths you wanna be, did you take any baths?


I did you take any baths? I I did. I did. I was, I'm a Bath person. Here's the thing, guys. Yeah, if you wanna be a rich kid, like Cash and Harper, you gotta take a bath. Take a bath with Some chocolate and some chocolate. Some bath Salt. Get that candle bath bomb. The pink bubbles. It's the mind music. It's the mud. Wanna eat chocolates, bath the lights down. That's key. That's key. It's Just so funny because it's like, he took like three or four baths when he was 14 and it just, It took man, I guess whatever ritual he performed when he was 14, carried on over. Gosh, what were you saying's so annoying? That I do Every time. Every time me and Kate are watching a movie, she looks it up midway through one. So like once side of tense thing happens and like somebody's about to die or something. She looks it up and she's like, does he live at the end?


Does he live till the end? And then she looks up and she's like, she looks at me and she's like, don't worry, he lives. I'm like, what? Might as well turn out the movie. No, no, no. Listen, he's mad at this one specific time. We were watching One. You think this happened one time? We were watching. Okay, this has happened a couple times. I know what Happened in Grand Charisma. What is that? Oh yeah. The Racing movie. I like spoiled that for myself. I was like, oh, he gets in a wreck. That's really sad. Yeah, We're literally watching and she's like, oh, he gets in a wreck. It almost dies. I wonder if they put that in here while we're watching the movie. I'm like, probably. We just probably haven't gotten to it yet. Yeah. Oh no. And then sure enough, he gets in a wreck and I'm like, oh, well now I know he lives in the wreck. No, But I, he's mad because, which this is just kind of, kind of your own problem because we're watching Planet of the Apes and the Main Ape.


He almost almost died in the second movie. But obviously he doesn't die because there's a third movie. So like, I just looked it up and I was like, because I get nervous watching movies. When I watch movies and something scary is happening. I I don't enjoy it. So that's why I look it up. If I know that he's gonna die, I'm like, okay, I Can calm down. I know what's gonna happen. If I know he is gonna live, I Can calm down. I know he is gonna live. Like, I don't care to get the whole, the shakes watching a movie, sweaty Palms. That happens a lot. I don't like it. It does happen a lot. Every movie when intense scene happens, Kate starts get Sweaty Palms and she'll like sit up like this. Palms are sweaty. And then I look at her, I'm like, I'm so happy. Vomit. I look at her, I'm like, Kate relax. And she's like, and she's like all 10 up and she be falling for it. Like on the edge of your seat.


She's literally on the edge of her seat. Scared. She's watching, bro. You went past Pro Shop has, but I don't even think you've ever, like when was the last time you went fishing? Listen, I don't care for the best part, but I am a pro at everything. But you're not, are you a pro at Crop Dusting? I am a pro at Crop Dusting. He is. You wanna see he is? No, no, no, no, no. Okay. He is a pro. Actually I said I actually, I was at, I was at Perry Steakhouse, which is a like a five star steakhouse. No, no. And it's a very, very fancy steakhouse. And the dress code is like 10 levels. And I was there and I accidentally cro dusted people. They were all sitting out. You did not. I did. I did. That's a good thing. You didn't say that to me In the restaurant. I purposely didn't because we, we were walking to our table.


No, They were trying to enjoy their meals. Are you kidding Me? Yeah. And I just, I just, they're paying like $500 for a meal and then they're like, they probably thought there was like a plane driving by 'em. 'cause they just heard, they, all they heard was disgust That're not cut out for fancy restaurant. Man. Yeah. I cross all those people. You may be good, but grandma's, they be the best. They be walking across the living room and it sounded like a machine gun. You're like, what was that really? You know, I have a Special talent, old people. Oh yeah. All old people. They're, they're, they go crazy too. I have a special talent I Can do, I Can sing a song, but in the tune of a different song like this. That's cool. Hi for Rock More like Papa Get Rock. Try it. Oh wait, that was kind of impressive. Oh, you want me to try it?


Yeah, but do it do the, some people want it all to, so, so do that Tune So A Bloody Valentine to Yeah. I don't know what that song is. I don't know either You do it. You'll be my bloody You'll be my Bloody Bad. That's the song. Regular one. You didn't change the melody. Oh, can't just sing this. No, I can't do it. I can't. There's no, I do wanna hear some people. What? Oh wait, no, that's just the original song. It'd be like some people Wait, were you saying the melody or the tone? The melody. The Melody. Like, and say different words. Piper, more like Piper Get Rocked Or like, or Likewe.


Oh my God. Wait. Twinkle. It'd be like Some people. Juanita, what's the next line? What are you doing? This is, you don't even beand what's happening. And then it be next. Just making it up of cash. No. What next song? It doesn't matter. You're singing the wrong song. I'm just saying it Sean. People want it all. You're not supposed to sing it. You're supposed to sing another song in that movie. Oh, dear Lord. Can you guys make the rules clear? We did. No Yout, she shows you like five times. You're like, yes. And I did what she said. But you were singing, you were singing the other song. She said sing. Some people won it all. No. Yes, but not the words.


You sing the melody, you sing the melody. So like, oh, it's flipped. Yeah. Yes. I see. You want me to do the revers? What I just did? Yeah. No, I don't even think Yes, yes, yes. Just so you want me to sing like this? Oh, I didn't realize that's what you did. You did. She did it. Okay. Do It now. What? What, what? Same One. Same. Okay. Pipe rock. More like Piper get rocked. That's not it. Yes, she did it right. No, you do come and go by two swirl. I'm not gonna the gonna do she You do. She did. She's gonna sing the original. No, she can't do it. Definitely. Watch. Ready. No, listen. Take one. Raw More Piper Gear Rock.


Well I, it looks like that sounded like a train wreck. No, because she didn't sing it right. Ready? I told you. Let do it. I'm gonna go with, alright, go. Calm down. I'm calm. Ready? Some people Diamond? No. No. Wait, what? Why do that? People want a diamond. Want it all? Just lemme do it. Just want, okay. I'm sorry. I don't listen to forget Alicia Keys. Okay, do it. I do man. Okay. You do it. This is my audience. Okay. Do it Cash. I just forgot who she was at the Super Bowl. Alright, ready? Go. Alright. It More light Just won Rock Calling.


I'm calling it Flag on the plate. We're done. See, it's, it's not the same. No, but you do, you do a song catch. Okay, I'll do that. I'll do that. Some people want it all. Please don't do anything. It's supposed to go. Some people want it all. Go to that. Just want everything. I'm sorry. To the listeners. You saw me. Were gone now you just took it off. See, that's easy. I now do Twin Twinkle Twinkle a little star, like Twinkle Twinkle. But to the, to the Do. Come and go. Juice. Worldl. You don't wait. Twink come and Girl Juice. Worldl Twinkle. Ah, just one. This one you told me you. No, no, no, No. It's easy. Do Twinkle Twinkle Little star. Do some people I don know. Oh, oh, oh yeah.


Twinkle great. That one's hard. That one's hard. Twinkle, Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle Little Star. Oh yeah, you hit that. So good. You should say Melody. Melody over and over the point. Can we end this podcast? I wanna get off now. Parker is actually a Nickelodeon star even though we give him a hard time about it. So go ahead. Tell him about your, tell him about your stardom and while you're at it, tell us how much you made on that show. Yeah. How much did Nickelodeon stars get paid? What you guys would love to make that the title of your video? Yes. Because you know, I would get so many views. Wait, wait, wait. Actually wait, wait. How much do they get paid? They've been trying to ask me for the past month how much money I made from Nick Nickelodeon.


Just tell us that. I will never tell them. Everybody's recording me. Okay. You know what, just for the podcast, I will, let's go, Let's go. How much you got paid? I make, Yeah, he's trolling so hard. He's not gonna do it. Say it. Please, please, Please. You know this video's gonna go so viral now I'm building up all the watch time. Yeah, everybody's go. Here we go. Here we Go. We like retention. We like retention. Alright, Wait another five seconds. I'm not gonna tell you What the, everyone, it's for me to get my, my camera on right now. Because I remember one time we went out to a missile silo and Whitney, you weren't there. I was there. No you weren't. You weren't there. Yes, I was. I don't think you were. Oh, he met us there. He met us there. Yeah, I met you there. I just didn't drive the car. I met you at the missile silo. And then we went to the hospital.


Yeah. There was this app, there was this app where you could literally find a bunch of haunted places around Los Angeles. So we downloaded it and we went, oh my gosh. It was crazy. That was crazy. We almost got jumped. Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. We did. We were, we were almost, we almost got jumped, dude. We were almost in a gang fight. Yes. Oh my gosh. That was crazy. So we went to this abandoned, it was called, I think we've told This story, but we can tell it Again. Oh, you guys have told Devil's Game. I think we have no, I don't know. But Evan, dude, I I, I almost had to freak up another gang. It was bad. I don't think so. Went to Devil's Gate and we heard these scream You were freaking up. Nobody. That was wild. But the real jumping part, we went into the Jack in the Box parking lot. My buddy Connor was sitting outside Ca was driving Keith Compton. No, it wasn't Compton.


Yes. You were in Compton. No, we were in Altadena Next to Compton. Nowhere close. What? No. Altadena is like, dude, I'm telling you bro. It it was, it was, it was. Chris Point is another car pulls up slow. Slowly. Was it Pasadena By Pasadena? That Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Slowly next to Cass's car within about 10 feet. Right. And then Cash looks at Connor and we're like, It was one parking space over One parking space. And this is again, two in the morning. We stayed out late a lot. And Not usually they just parked there. They whipped in, Whipped in. Yeah. And then we looked at Connor. We said, Connor, get in the car. Get in the car. He's on the Phone like this. Yes. He's on the he's on the phone. Hey mom. Yes. And then the, those people, they open the door and they get out All four doors. Straight out. Straight up like a movie.


Connor runs back into our car, they get out and comes straight up to our window cast whips out, puts it in reverse. And we're like, go, go, go. Dude, it Was one of the most scariest comments. I but me. I mean, that was gonna be cool. 'cause like I know, I know CG would've messed up the Crips. I mean, it was fine. What CG g What? Whatcha talking about our gang name? CG Ash. What's Gigg Cool guys' Gang. What, what else would it be? Anybody who's cool with, can you forgot Ka is part of YH first? No, no, no, no, no. We can't talk about them. Like they were, they were saying some Mean things to Harper. Were they upset? Oh, okay. I don't want Harper, Harper to Get bullied. Another gang fight. We Don't Harper to get bullied. Oh, it was really bad.


Yeah. Oh. But no, I mean, I wasn't really scared in that fight, but Parker was crap in his pants. I was inside the car. I wasn't Protect, I'll say it all. We were all crap In our pants. We were all scared. Yeah. One time when we were on our honeymoon, we were at this restaurant and this baby started choking and it went on for like four minutes. Felt pretty Used. It was, the baby was purple by the Oh. But like, you didn't know what to do. There was actually like, we were in like the main like eating area and there was like literally like a hundred people just like circled around just trying to watch. And like literally the whole restaurant was like dead silent while this, the mom is like hysterically crying and like someone's like trying to uncheck the baby. We, I heard people get like sink plungers.


Yeah. You know that. And they suck it up. We literally actually, wait, wait. What? No, the one you were talking about you wanted to have in our car. Oh, that thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We were, we were in Mexico, so, or we were in the Dominican Republic, so it would not have been helpful at all. But like two weeks before Cash was talking about how we should get one and just have it in our car. Yeah. I was like, what if you're in somebody's choking, we should buy this and just keep it in our car. I bought, I literally, I I remember saying, what are the odds of that happening while we're there? Yeah. And I like dismissed it so casually. But I'll say everyone in the restaurant like got up in circle except for this one old couple man. There's something about old people sometimes they don't, they don't care at all. They, they were sitting like a couple tables from the people could sadly see old couples alone. Yeah. They were really close in the restaurant to the baby choking.


They just continued eating. Someone bothered, like they, I looked over there just cutting their pancake like This. Like someone Bothered Everyone in the restaurant is like standing like in tears. 'cause like the baby, the baby was actually gonna die because it was going on for so long. And then, oh my gosh. Do you remember it was like the mom's hysterically crying. Everyone's just kinda like gathered around and you could hear the baby choking. Oh. And she like stops choking and everything, like went dead for a second and we were like, oh gosh. And then like they started, the baby started like crying again and like choking. So like, I don't know what happened. Oh. And then like a couple seconds later I got it. Maybe God couldn't happened for a minute. I don dunno what happened. Or maybe, I don't know what happened. But then the baby Started choking again and then like a minute later they finally saved Her. Explain the viral video.


What everyone wants to know. Yeah. Okay. How it happened. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So I'm on register because they put me on the front register. I stayed there for like, my whole time there. They didn't move me around anywhere, which I was kind of getting bored of it. And that day, one of my childhood friends came in, like, I haven't seen her for such a long time. So I was really excited like that already got me hyped up. Yeah. Yeah. So then my mom, my sister and my mom's boyfriend come in and I'm like, I was so excited to see them. So I just was joking around with my sister and she pulled out her phone and just started recording. And I was like, all right, all right.


So then later that night she FaceTimed me and was like, I'm gonna post this. It's gonna go viral. I was like, yeah. Wait. She Said that? Yeah. She said it's gonna go viral. Yeah. She said it's gonna go viral. Oh dang. She's a prophet. She called it can she say, I'm gonna be rich and famous Like you guys sister to have her say something about me. I wanna know my prophecy. I Can follow. Okay, so she tells you, yeah, This, it's gonna go Viral, Gina, I'm gonna make you huge. Yeah. You so video bad, bro. This video is Huge. I saw, I saw Trump come into Chick-fil-A. How was that Bigly? I wasn't there for that. Oh, Okay. Actually Plot twist.


I am Trump. Oh, Oh, oh. What? That all makes Sense now. Wow. But Okay, so your sister texts you? Yeah, she goes, it's gonna go viral and obviously nobody thinks they're gonna go viral. So I was like, eh, okay. Do what she wants. So she posted it. Then my other sister, Julia calls Diane and goes, your video's at 60 K right now? She's like, no way. Bikes views. Like, whoa. So so I can't do it. She what the, so she, she, she said she, she, she.


Have you guys ever seen the video where it's like, hooray. That's okay. Okay. The video goes viral. 60 k likes and then it just keeps going. Yeah, it doesn't stop. Then I, I'm scrolling on Instagram reels and boom, there's my face. I'm like, your own video. Yeah. Well, did your sister post it or someone else reposted it? No, someone else did. And I texted him and he was a very sweet guy. He was like, of course I'll tag you. Like whatever you want. If you want me to take it down, I will. I was like, no, just tag me. It's fine. Yeah. He helped me grow so much. That guy, what was his name? Sounds memorable. Beats music. Okay. Like that was his username. Yeah. Beats music.


So Beats music. I think I could check Beatsy music beats Music. Like what is he like, He's like a meme page. Like Rock, paper, scissors. Yeah. Like I'm confused. I think it's Beats music. I could be Wrong. It's, it's not important. It's important. You made it sound important. Yeah. Alright. He's important. Oh yeah. No, he is important, but like I am saying, it's not really, My gosh, I'm glitching. Okay, so the video goes viral on Instagram. Are you Video? Fine Now? We have two tweakers something people Think I'm a, I'm a, I'm a I'm a robot. Are you? Harper thinks she's a robot. Well, y are so much alike.


Yeah. We have two tweakers right next to each other, guys. Yay. Okay, so you'll be, we'll be talking to him. Both of 'em just, You know, we're actually the same person. Yeah. We actually have all the same Disabilities. Actually we were, we were conjoined twins. Oh, Conjoined. I Can tell. I see the similarities y'all do y'all know what conjoined means? Yes. Stuck together. Stuck together. Our Hips were stuck together and then the doctors were like, it's okay, we can cut the butt bone in half so that it'll Be fine. Yeah. So like, nothing really affected. ITT really hurt us. We were conjoined at the point. And then y'all got separated at birth and Then she grew like to be 17. I also tried to eat her in the womb.


Yeah, we don't Need To talk about was It was a, we had a lot of drama. That's why I don't have a Okay, So the video, the video went viral. Yes. I saw it on Instagram reels and then everybody basically started taking it and posting it everywhere. And then I posted a video about it. And then It went from there. Yeah, it went from there. I Grew from, now it's history, I guess. Yeah. And Then you got fired. Oh. So no, I did not. Oh, you quit. She doesn't need to Put it out like that Dad. 'cause you Too big. Wait, well let her explain math. Okay. It was like a mutual understanding. That's what, that's when they get fired. I mean, respectfully, if she stayed working there. The place would just be crazy.


Yeah. It's not real. Like people would be coming. Yeah. Like what happened? Like how did, like how did it go? Basically, like I got recognized, he pulled me into the back. I was kind of crying and then I got sent home that night and then it was a lot for me to handle because obviously it's a new thing. So yeah, sure. I then he called my mom. Wait, wait, but why'd he like send you home? So people were missing, She was Getting recognized. Yeah. They didn't like Keep up bro space. You Know like when one persons like notices her, they'll post on their story Or something. Did you just kill your egg? Yeah, no, I dropped it and then everyone shows off. You're a horrible mother. So then my mom, like, he called my mom and I heard that Egg cracked my not cry.


My egg. My egg did not, It literally, My ex's starting to slowly hatch. They Say it should happen in the next 24 hours. That's how long. No, I think you dropped it. It's scratching. Wait, what's the thing? How long it takes to birth the baby and they call it like labor. Labor. Oh yeah, They Say labor. It takes about 24 hours. I Don't think it's considered labor. I think it's called hatching. Yeah. Well, we'll see. Okay. Okay. Good luck with your eyes. Can You please stop interrupting me anyways? Yeah, they they have a thing for that. They have a Thing for that. We have a thing for that. Oh yeah. Okay. Harper. Okay. I Can, it's acceptable when she does it. I can't control when miracle. She's my Conjoined twin. I can't control when a miracle alive just happens.


Okay. What do you have a name for? Whatever. Oh God, Be quiet. Do we know the gender? Like when is it coming? I'm kidding. What's his name? I don. I'm not. Alright. I just wanna know the name. So you got noticed your boss sent you home Mad At you? What? The Me too. Me too. We're Always mad at Mav. Wait me what? You answered up at me. What's mad at me? I'm mad at you. Okay. Anyways. I'm mad at you. I just tried. Shush. Okay, everyone sh everyone's stop interrupting her and just let the girl talk. Over here. Over here. Everyone over here. I like that. Yeah, We're looking, we're looking. I just wanna know the story. Okay. So my mom called, he called my mom and my mom was like, yeah, take her off the schedule for a little bit.


And then I never went back. Oh, Sorry. Wait. So did, did you get paid for your last day you were there? No, wait, really? What Did I I did. Oh, you did get paid? Yeah, but it was like three bucks. 'cause I was only there for like two minutes. It Was three bucks. I feel like you should box Gale Lewis. Whos Gail Lewis? I would love that. If you call out Gail Lewis, that would be insane. No, GA Gale Lewis. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Gale Lewis. That was a joke. Guys, we have some beef. Oh no, She just did it. She just did it. No, Don't. Gale Lewis. There's nothing but no. Would You box Gale Lewis? I'm kidding. I love you. Go along with it. We're gonna mute that. Okay, listen. So Yes, I would box Gail Lewis for charity.


For charity. Charity. You'd box Gail Lewis For charity. You'd knock her out. Charity for? For charity. I think Gail Lewis? No, I think Gale Lewis is going probably kill me personally. I'll, I'll put, I'll, I'll pay to make this happen however much it costs. I'll take a loan out. Whatever we gotta do. Gina versus Gail Lewis. The ref is the corn kid. Wait, have the G Yo Harper. You can like sit on the seed dog. Yeah, She's sitting like this. She scared. We'll get become attached again. Yeah. I can't believe we have a chicken and scars ready guys. Yeah. You dunno who ga Louis is.


Really? No, what the she The Walmart personally. Four. Four. Signing out. You don't was like The former Walmart. You don't know. 8, 4 4. Sign out. Oh my gosh. Gail Lewis is so iconic and we tried to get her on our podcast, but we just couldn't get ahold of Gail Lewis. No, I I did. She left me on scene though. You got left on Red by Gail Lewis. I did. Gail Lewis left me on red. Yeah, it was, it was a bad day. She's pretty sad Actually. Well, Gail Lewis still stands. What? We love you Gail. She, if you'd like to come hang, we can Take all hail. Gail. No Hail. What does hail mean? I don't know. Like Hail all like worship. What does that mean? Yeah, worship. Don't worship Gale Lewis worship. Is that what hail means? Worship?


Yeah. Think he just worshiped Gale Luce? Yeah. Oh. It's like, it's like guys all hail king. Julia. Julia King. I'm got with Kate throwing the Amazon thing because you just remember that you need something by tomorrow and you only have 20 something seconds or 20 minutes to order. You do a lot of of times today. I'm like, oh shoot, I need to get that 'cause I need it. And like if you wait another 30 minutes until the pop episode's over, it won't show up tomorrow. It'll show up the next day. It's that Stressful. I think that's fake. When Amazon says like stuff like order in the next 15 minutes. I don't think that's real. I think that's real. I don't know. That's definitely not real. Oh, definitely not real. That's definitely this, them trying to get you to buy the product in the next 15 minutes. That's market. Y'all are crazy.


They Say Amazon only two left in stock. They have 2000 left in stock. Yeah, because you know what happens a lot of times a lot of that stuff you're ordering is just coming from Walmart or like Best Buy. Literally. It's not, it Literally is no like No, it, it's not Like random Us. I used to deliver for them like last Year. He may know more than us. Yeah, Okay. No, you Were an Amazon deliver. Yes. Oh, she's calling again. We're back on the line. No. Did you get to drive one of the blue trucks? No Answer. The Blue. The blue van you Show show up to like a warehouse at like 4:30 AM Oh, your private car. Yeah. And you would load up all the packages into your car and go to your living Room.


I've seen those. Yeah. And sometimes like the house was wrong or something like that. Yeah. So you would just keep the package. Oh. Oh, were you supposed to Were a thief. Huh? You were a package. You're Supposed to take it back, but I was like, it's an hour away. Somebody's gotta pick a card. Okay. If I Pick eight cards, if if I pick a card, the same card. If I pick a card, can we go to Europe? If you pick the right card. Okay. Five with diamonds. No. Pick the ace of space of the queen of hearts. It's on the top. No, no, I switched it. I switched. Try the ace of spades. I switched it. Ace Of spades. Take it from the top. Matt, pick a card. Queen of hearts. No, I told you it's not those. Pick a different card. Oh, queen of hearts. No. Pick a different card. I want a queen of hearts. No, Harper, can you pick a card? Seven of diamonds. Ace of spades. No. Pick again. Ace of Diamonds.


Nope. Pick again. Ace of Heart. We just have to name cards. Do we name the one you want? Ace of Diamonds. Okay, last chance. Go again. This, this is the one queen of hearts. Queen of hearts. Queen of hearts. And I knew she would say that. Is the other card in your hand the ace of Spades? I bet y'all can't guess. Ace of spades. Kate's get 'em randomly. Guess this card. Guess this card. Kate. This man. Face of hearts. Oh my gosh. Wait, did you know that? Yes. Did you see it? No. I just knew it was gonna be That. How'd you know that? I just know things Girl. Did she flip the magic trick back on me? How'd you know that I Uno Did it. Did I? Did I angle it? No. I just knew it was gonna be that.


All right, try again. What's this card? I don't know. Seven of diamond. If it was, that'd be cool Guys. I got so burn. Like I can't You are burned. You notice that? How? How did you get burned? I was on the boat. Well that's mean I was on the boat. Oh, it's already peeling or that's the ave. You're fine. That's AE Vera. No, what's it called guys? Cash Is still going through it from his sunburn. No, I guys did a blister. Oh yeah. Oh wait, blister. You wanna see a picture? Yeah. Oh my gosh guys, The yellow blistering is so gross. It's, Guys, I'm gonna pop this up on the screen. This is one of the worst sunburns I've had in my life. Look at the blisters. Oh, it was so gross, Harper.


My gosh. Look at all that. That is crazy. And his skin kept flaking off in our bed. I Day it was the worst sunburn day ever had. That is so bad. Oh My gosh. We were at dinner. I go, MA's like she's kind of cute. I was like, this is too long. I was like, okay. Say something to her. Next time she comes over, she walks by the table. This, this Maverick's hits her with this. Keep in mind Maverick's trying to, you know, riz her up. I don't waste time. MA's trying to do Riz dating girls. No, it's not Riz. That's just, I don't wanna waste my time. See this? This is what he said. Don't say what he's trying because this is what he said. She walks by the table. He, I'm, I'm not even exaggerating. This is exactly how it went. What? Excuse me ma'am. What? Oh my goodness, ma'am. Hi ma'am.


Bro, what was that? It's not at all truthful. Did you see that? Not at all. Truth. Remember? Did You see that? You saw that Everyone saw it, right? That's what you just did. Y'all a funny, that's fine. Someone's got a joke. And it's me. I that who said Baha ha. In real life just now. No, I did not say it like that. That's Gonna be the peak episode. People are gonna go back to watch that. Oh my God. Listen, I'm fine being the but of the joke. Do know I'm gonna do, I'm gonna create my own lo podcast fan page and like do all the times. Maverick's been the girly girl. So anyways, now goes, excuse me ma'am. Excuse me. And then she comes over there and he goes, have I seen you at church before?


That's not quite what I said. Why are you talking Like you're son? I did ask her, she goes to church On Sunday And he, he goes, have I seen you at church before? I feel like I recognize you. And she goes, no, I don't go to church. And he goes, no, no, no. She said, no, I don't go to church. Yeah, she's kinda scared of church. And then he was like, oh, okay. And that was the end of the conversation. But the whole purpose was a you you I I just bet. Did I have you just No, no. You made up the facts that you recognized her. Wait, can we, and then you lied about how I you at church before. Listen, I have, listen when I wanna talk to a girl, I Can talk to a girl. And first off, I'm dating someone so I don't need to now, but I know how to talk to girls. Like I'm not stupid. Well, Tell us about your totaling cause Yeah, he total, total Cause he crashed.


Crashed another car into the sidewall. Yeah. And then he, he backed into the driveway. No. And then he, and then He rear ended someone eating orange Chicken. Well that was included in the totaling. You can't just be hitting cars left. Listen the van. Listen. Listen Linda, listen Linda, you're the worst driver here. Ka I, No, I'm actually the best driver here, Dude. You should see me. You have the worst record. So you should see me in go-karts. I come in first place second if the cart's righted. I've told her one car, two and Yeah, two. You did the van two and the Truck we're really counting the van. Like really? Yes. Like we're really, we're really gonna count that you did that. You did that. He's such a, you like, literally, like that's something Kate would say. You're gonna count that.


No. What do you mean count that? Why did you count that? Yeah, I was 15 years old. Why'd we count on that? You, because you crashed the van because you were, you totaled it. A listen. And first of all, I'd like to say both of my car accidents happened in the same spot or the same like type of scenario. And both of my car accidents, the car should not have been totaled. First one was at a stoplight. I fell asleep at the stoplight. It, it was a long line. Okay. And no way I did, I fell asleep at the stoplight and then his foot hit the gas and just, and then, and then my foot hit the gas and I, and I hit the person in front of me and see the, the car should not have been told. Okay. But the reason the car was told is 'cause I was driving a hunk of junk. Alright?


And the, the car itself was only worth like a thousand dollars. It was worth way more than that. No, it's not that hundred 50,000 miles on it. 85, 300. Yes it did. Yes it did. It had so many. It did. He said a honk a junk. That car was fine. No, it was old as frick. Dude. It was old as Isaac Newan. It was like in 2005. And this was in like 2015. No, no. That car was like 19 hundreds. What? And listen, listen, it was basically a first car I ever made. It was 19 hundreds. No, it was like brand new. It was 19 hundreds. And I, hi it and it was like they're gonna be, they were like, oh, it's gonna cost $700 to repair the car. So we might as well just total it out because not what, it's such a junk car. And so like total, yeah, technically the insurance totaled it out.


So it was, but the car was completely drivable. It was completely fine. And it should not have been totaled. It was not drivable. Moving on to the second one, the second totaling of a car happened because I was at a stoplight eating orange chicken. And when I was eating my own chicken, it tasted a little funny. Shout out Panda Express caused my car accident and I had to roll my window down and spit it out. But when I spit it out, next thing you knew, I hit the car in front of me and it was not my fault. That's you hit the car in front of the guy slammed on his brakes 'cause something ran out in front of him. You weren't paying attention.


Do you remember, Alex remembers this, you fell asleep while driving back from visiting some friends. Yeah. What With the sleeping? Listen, I'm a sleepy guy. I don't get much sleep. Actually I get a lot. He sleep 12 hours a night. I Require a lot. So I require like 12 hours of sleep. So when I only get like 10, but this is your fault, you only got a few hours. You decided at like, yeah, we already told this. You decided like midnight. I'm gonna drive to Arkansas and go see two girls. So you drive like four hours. I was, I was like, I was like, I just turned, it was like the, like I just turned 60. It was a four hour drive. So it was four years ago. That's really, that's really saddening. Five Years ago. Yeah, Five Years ago. That's right. He drives four hours to Arkansas, sees theses girls for like an hour in the middle of the night.


Missouri. Missouri, Missouri, whatever. Wow. You went to Missouri and you could, if you were going somewhere, you could've come to Texas. Who? She got you. I I, you know, I tried to go to Texas, but I added up the hours and it was gonna take too long. So he went to his backup plan, so to see Some other girls. So He had a backup Plan Girl. And you didn't even get married to these girls. Imagine? And anyways, long story short, I fell asleep. You know the con the concrete barrier that are on the side of highways, like the like big wall, like the half walls. Yeah. I hit, I hit that thing and it just popped a tire though. Yeah. So then he ends up being late to church the next morning. And Wait, how did you get out of that? You actually didn't make it to church at all. And then mom and dad are like, we go to dinner after and they're like, is cash even gonna come to dinner?


And I'm like, and you're texting me like, cover for me. I'm gonna be there. Just please, please, please. I'm like, what did you do? He's like, he's like, just stall. I'm coming. I'm coming. Wait, did your parents not notice that their car was gone? Well they, no, but they, well they knew I took it, but they did notice all the damage. Wait, were you supposed to be staying the night at Alex's house or something? Yeah. Oh, okay. So Cashs was like, you know, I got a flat tire. And then they're like, well why is it crash? And he's like, I was said, yeah I told, I told him I was doing donut. I told him I pulled into a McDonald's and hit the curb. And then they were like, no you weren't, you were doing donuts. And I was like, you got me. And then you figured you doing donuts versus I drove four hours in the middle of the night to go see some girls was better.


Yeah, donut. The donuts punishment was definitely better than, Than what is your punishment? You know, I never really got one, you know one time e math, we hired a security guard one time. Yeah, that's what I, We, I was saying is y'all Hired one? And he watched me pee. He Did Remember that Big Rob? Nope. Yeah. Big Rob. Shout out Big rob. Solid guy. Like Big, big. Rob You solid Rob. You hired a security guard? Yeah, he was an ex NFL player. He was massive. He was a lineman. No, That doesn't mean he's a security guard. No, but he, no one can stop him. No, he's a solid guy. He was, he could, could not have been a security guard. But I Mean, I mean he was guarding me with security. I mean he was pretty good. And I, I went to use the bathroom and he just like, like I was like, he like stood at the bathroom door just looking at the door. I was like, this feels legit.


And never hired one again. 'cause I like peeing in private. I don't think you needed A security guard. I, We have What? Don't think you guys need a Security guard. I don't think so either. I've been doing juujitsu now for a few years. I feel like a lethal weapon. Honestly. No. No. The main reason when a police officer pulls me over, I'm like, just let you know the, I do juujitsu. The main reason for it was like when we, we did the big meetups and like when we did the big meetups, like for instance the mall, there was like a thousand people there. It was like, if everyone did this Oh and crushed you. Yeah. Yeah. I need someone to pick me up and Just carry you guys. Were a little boys. You guys get at, At the time I weighed like one 10. Like what am I gonna do? Actually how Old were you? Oh, they were Tiny. I was like 15, 16 when I did my first meetup. And You're one 10. No, no, not actually.


That was, he was exaggerating. He Was more like one 15. I was probably like 1 45, 1 50. It was a figure of speech. Harper. I'm 1 6 1 60. No You are not. You are not one. Alright Steven. The best for last. Now This is gonna Be brutal. Here we go. Okay, Drop it to the floor. Drop It to the floor and rah Rah. Yeah, we'll start off. It's the tiny I We start off with the letter. It is the tiny letter if You Can open it. It's a very tiny letter. It's very small. I don't think it was ca you cas. Why is you're so small. You dropped your lip. What? You dropped your lip The way He said it made it bad.


You what? The boy. Oh man. What it Gucci gang? 1178 Gucci gang. Gucci the game. You dropped your lip. That's crazy. You dropped it like it's on the floor or something. It crazy. That one hit close to home, bro. Your lip shake so much when you talk. It's, you know what, you know what I think about, you know what I think of that letter, Bro? Stop. What did you eat? I'm fart on that letter. Kate. I saw your basic, you were like, I'm just Accepting it. Honestly, She's accepted this life for a while. You know, That's is sleep next to every night. That's incredible. So much. Wait, there's more. I have more. You Guys seen that TikTok where like the sheets blow?


It's like, like All that's cash And I don't, lemme see you. Lemme see. Lemme see you. There's no way this I don like my hate hail. Dude, that's actually pretty bad. That hate man is ku. Hey, I got a portrait too. Why does it look like Carman? What It says I'm cash. I don't know how to spell. Oh hey I'm K. Look at this. It looks like when they zoom in on the fish, Fish are SpongeBob. Yes. Or look at this. Look. Oh my Goodness. Like the fish hooks. Look at how big the lips are. That's what I'm saying. Bro's. Lips are massive. They made my lips huge.


God freaking the Kardashians like what does it look like? Chicken. Little mixed with Carman, bro. That's crazy. That's crazy. Next one is to the LO. Wait, no, we're saving Gerald's for last. Fine. 'cause I think that one's gonna actually be a nice one. So to The LOL Podcast, Open it. Open it. Let's see what we have. Okay. Ah, A feast a fe shouldn't eat. That's, wait. I wouldn't know if you should eat this. Don't eat that. It's a trap. Wait, let's see what the letter says. Oh, this one's typed out. Oh wait, is that it? Okay, that's it. You guys are honestly so annoying. You stay, you stay wild, Mr.


You stay wild. Mr. Beasts wannabes. Get off YouTube and TikTok every time. Wait, you stay wild Mr. Beast. Please. Just Mr. Stop, Mr. Beast just passes to someone I Can read. Get off YouTube and TikTok every time I see you, I die inside. Touch some grass and do something good for the world. Instead of talking about s and crap for an hour, touch Some grass. The only cool person is Gerald and he's not even real. He's not even a real person. I hope you lose all of your sponsors in Ad Deal. That's crazy. That's that. That's all of our sponsors. I would never wish that on Somebody that, that was, I hope we have a sponsor a right now.


Hey, just for you, we have a promo code for BetterHelp.


Okay. That was, that one was, that's probably the meanest thing. Somebody says So far deals, You can see my comments on the daily And you go broke. So you have to get a real job. So dumb and annoying. I hope you, I hope you see this too and cry about it. Bunch of losers. Why the, well, why did they send us candy? Don't eat it. I don't know. Can I, it I wanna eat it though. It doesn't look opened. It's tampered with It. Wait, it feels tampered with Voki though. Yeah. Hey whoever you are, wherever you are, know that we love you and we wish the best for you. Yeah. We're keeping our sponsors. I'll be praying for you. I'll be praying that your house burns down and that Well, no, I'm kidding.


I'm kidding. Let's not pray that. I'm kidding a joke. Seriously, I wish the best for you and I, I hope you stop hating us so much. But please keep watching our content from The mail. Yeah, keep it coming. So, oh no. Oh God. Oh, that is definitely melted. Don't sit in chocolate in the mail. Little kids. That's, that's not good. And don't eat Chocolate. You get from the mail. That's not safe either. Yeah. Oh, that chocolate does not look. How did you open this candle? That looks like they sent that with FedEx. Not UPS. That was definitely FedEx shipping. That's so FedEx and the sponsor. Just chill. Cut to the FedEx A He use Actual hair on it. Yo, wait, wait. Whoa, wait, wait. There his hair on it. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold up. Can stop. Sorry, I'm very gassy right now. Didn't Did you far on this bar?


It looks like I did, but I didn't joke. Okay. There's one more hate Letter. Hey, actually I'm gonna try it Harper. There's hair Though. No, There's, I don't know if y'all can see this in the camera, but there's literally hair. Why did that that, why did you do that? I'm hungry. Oh. Does it taste good? Uhuh? I actually don't think you should be eating the chocolate from the bale. I actually taste like really bad. Oh, there is hair on it. I told you what? Ew, why? Look, there's hair right on it. What In the Harper? That was so not a good idea. I don't think Harper should eat that. Y'all ever seen an or Bees Good. Wait, don't Shoot it in your, these guys, these guys. One time at, at a mall. It's, they were shooting me with an Orbis gun. I was trying to act all cool and like I'm so scared.


Please point It. Wait, how do you know when it's on? I was trying to act so, Oh, I'm actually so sorry. I'm so sorry. Please do not be mad at me guys, please. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Face. No, no. I can't risk getting hit. No, I'm so sorry. Oh my gosh. That's, I saw that hit map right in the face. That Hurt. I'm, I just got, you didn't hit my eye. Oh my gosh. That hit my right here. Oh, It shattered. But one time When I seen, okay, gimme the gun. No, I Can, you gotta gimme the gun. I cannot on this, gimme the gun. I'm actually so sorry. I try to test, But I'm just like, Oh, Flustered. I'm scared.


Oh no. You can of water. It's an orbi. No, I'll shoot You. Y'all. Y'all don't understand. One time at a shops. No cash. Please, Please cash. I'll give you a hundred dollars to shoot her please. Really? Going once Anna to pizza. Oh, I hit her. I hit her. I will say one time my, my parents were like outta state or something. So my grandma was babysitting us and my grandma came in there, or my granny, she was like, Hey, get outta bed. It's time to wake up. Oh no. And she left. And I was like, I just went back to sleep. I wasn't gonna pay attention to my granny.


She an old lady. I, I'm 10, I Can do what I want. And I went back to bed. Patriarchy. And when she opened, yeah, my granny opened my door and actually what she specifically said is, Hey, get up or I'm gonna pour a glass of water on you if you don't get up. She closed the door. I said, I'm the patient. She gave him 10 seconds. She had it outside the door. Ready? Yeah. No, literally she closed the door. I was like, I'm the patriarchy granny. And I think granny, she's the matriarchy. Let me tell you, matriarchy. She came in the matriarchy. How do you spell it? Granny is not whatever you're trying to Say. No, she's a matriarchy. She she's she's that girl. She's boss woman. Yeah, she is. She came in there with a glass of water like 15 seconds later and just poured it all over my bed.


Made it look like I wet the bed. Oh. That's what happened. I also wanna wet the bed if I'm in the car and the ACS blowing on my eyes. First of all, it's my biggest thing. I had to tell people I Can like turn it off my eyes. 'cause if not, I just sit there like this, My eyes. It's scary sometimes he'll just be sitting there and you're like, what is happening? Stop. That's A knee slap, right? I know, but it's always when there's wind blowing on my eyes, if there's not wind blowing on my eye that's knee slap, I pretty much never do it. That did not Hurt me. You hit my tibula. That a tibula. I don't think, I don't think she did. No, she did. And she actually hit that special part. Remember where I said I have that thing? No, everyone has That. No. Are you talking about that thing? No, not that thing. Remember the thing that I have? Oh, remember, no, I have this thing Where you move your lips in your eyes room.


I have that thing too. No, I have a thing right here. There So many things guys That my shins, the top of my shins are extremely tender. So if you touch it like this, like that hurts really bad. I think you're just butt hurt. It's because it's, you know, it's because I grew too fast. You can never relate. It's because I grew too fast. Again, My bows are strong. It's not fragile. And So my, my bones didn't have time to like grow with it. And so now my bones right here are very tender and they won't go away until it catches back up. He got a tender tibula. Good to know. But it on. No stop. What about your fibula? Dude, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get like a giant hammer. Just hammer you down and make you even short. He won't do it. You're a minor. Go ahead and hit it again. Also, I'm gonna sharpen your toenails and dig you into the ground until you, until you stand.


Why Do I feel like one day I would just walk outside and see Harper digging into the ground like a dog. Just, I Can totally see that man. So digging your grave. So see that, listen, this has all been great. It's been a great episode so far and I want to continue it. But we cannot move forward. He wants me to apologize without you saying sorry to the viewers and to me And to me and to Kate. Okay. First of all, I don't feel like it's a real apology if you tell me to apologize. No, no, no. I just wanna give you a moment where the opportunity there. I don't appreciate you telling me you don't have to. I don't appreciate you telling me to apologize. I'm not You don't have to. No, I, no. See now I have to apologize. You don't have to apologize. I do have to apologize. No, But now it looks forced.


Yeah. Now, now like even if I do apologize this now, even if I do apologize, it just looks forced. Like do you Gonna do it? Were you gonna do it in the first place? I thought about it. I did And I was going to apologize, but now I don't even want to 'cause he's, he's like cash Apologize now. Yeah. I didn't expect you to apologize. Okay, fine. Here it is. It's not gonna be a real apology Talk. It's just talk about how rude you've been The Yeah. Versus of apologies for on and off the air. You can get 'em all right here. Yeah, yeah. We can get it all killed. Y'all obviously all probably saw the last episode. And if you watch the last episode, some things were said about They were very rude.


What? Yes. They were very rude. Yes. Yes. Some things, some things said that were very rude. Is anyone sensing sarcasm is boy wait. Did those rude things come from you? Hmm. Well I think those rude things kind of came from multiple people in the room. What I remember, I remember Kate said some rude things. What did I say? I remember Matt said some rude things Whatcha talking about? And I remember I might've said some rude things. Harper is pretty innocent. They are. Last episode everyone was talking about Maverick's eating disorder. And I didn't stop. I don't, this is already, go back and try again. This is the worst apology ever said.


And go, I Can try again. Say eating disorder. No, I'm saying I'm, I'm I'm saying that like in like he Has eating disorder. You No finish. Lemme finish y'all. You saying eating disorder. Well, lemme Finish. Finish. I'm sorry. I didn't mean that Gerald. No, listen, I'm saying eating disorder is what I, and then you don't need to put quotations. I Didn't. I was literally talking about it in la. Oh, you were talking about it in la? Yeah. I was like, Maverick has an eating disorder. And he was like, see you're just Spreading back and forth. Who were you telling It to? To my mom. I was like, I was like, I think Maverick actually has an eating disorder. And then and I was like, is it, it it like interacts with your actual life and it does. Okay. Yeah. Stop. Did you tell her what Cash said Stop glazing him right now. Please. Did you tell her what cash said? No. Was she here The episode? No, she came to the very end and she like, she was like, okay.


Oh, I don't know. So I was saying Maverick's eating disorder. I was saying that like that I'm saying it like this. Everybody calm around. I'm saying it like this because that's how I took it. And I thought we were joking. Like I thought we were like, Maverick has an eating disorder. No. Okay. Why would we joke about that Man, you Didn't wrong with you. Why would we joke about that? Because I went my entire life and never one time has this man ever said he had an eating disorder. Whenever one time did anyone in my entire life ever say he has an eating disorder? Your mom Just said it like a month ago. Family dinner. My mom, my mom did Oklahoma last. My mom didn. You know what you said? You know what you said at that dinner? He looked after the dinner. He was like, I don't know why mom thinks I have an eating disorder. That's not what I said. She's always so worried. No, that's Mom wanted me to go to therapy for it. I said I'm not going to therapy.


Mom doesn't need to worry about me. I'm not going to therapy. Well you should go to therapy if you have an eating disorder. Maybe I should. I'm not going to An honest man. Yeah. And never in my entire life have I ever heard this news. We get on the podcast, he says he has the eating disorder. I'm like, ah, okay. Yep. Okay. Well it was apparently it Was kind big man crash cash. It was kind of one of those things that like nobody ever acknowledged. 'cause he's not really sensitive about it, but it was just like a known fact to everybody Cash. And there's something wrong with the person that back. If there's something wrong with the person you just pointed out. Yes. You point out my lip all the time. No, I don't. No one has ever talked about your disorder. Look at your lip. Nobody does that now.


People do. Y'all have talked about my lip and everything and nobody cares. The only Thing I've ever said about his lip is that I like his lip. Yeah. Can what, what's my, what's my disorder? What? What's my disorder? Well, we are not gonna talk about it. What? What? I don't have disorder. We're not gonna talk about it. I don't have a disorder. See, it's polite not To talk about it. So we're not going to I because I don't have one. So he doesn't have one or does He? Why are you shaking your head? Just I don't have one. Well, I'm not gonna talk about your disorder right now, babe. Do I have a disorder? It's none of our business to air it out. Let me Internet. No, I've got that it out. So if you want it to, you would air it out. I don't have one. No, no, no, no. Please point. The point is is don't try to change subject. My point is, is Maverick, no one has ever, in my entire life, I've lived with this man ever since I was born.


No one's ever said he has an eating disorder besides my mom one time. So then when he brought it up, I thought, I thought, I thought we were all trolling for the cameras. Sure, sure. And then the cameras cut and they're all like, you really don't think he has an eating disorder? Yeah. And I'm like, wait, y'all really think he has an eating disorder? And I thought we were all joking for the cameras and, and I'd be playing everything alone. Pretty such a joke of us. But yeah, it was not something you joke about. No, no. I thought you guys were kind of joking about it to make me look bad. And that's why I was getting so, I was getting so mad. How do we make you look bad? You made yourself look bad because I You're the one who said, because I was in, I was so insensitive. Like you don't have an eating disorder. And you were like, but I do.


And I thought he was trolling me. No. Oh. Why would we troll? I'm just telling you what happened. Why don, you? I Believe you. I'm Listening right? I'm listening. So where's the, I'm sorry. So skip to the point and just apologize is What he wants. Okay. Where is my, I'm sorry for my, I'm sorry for what? Exactly because you, you guys said I have a disorder and Okay. We didn't make fun of it. What? No, we didn't really, because Kate did say I have an eating disorder. Wait. No we didn't. And you did too. No, I didn't. Y'all both said I have a eating. Did I actually, I don't know about you. Wait, wait. But you did. She said I have the opposite of what you hide. Okay. Okay. Wait. So we affirmed your disorder and you aff affirmed mine. And that's the problem here. No. Yep. Projected on me. What I didn't, okay.


I I You said you have an eating disorder? No. Yes you have. No. She said that. So you said that too? No. Yes. You have no. Yes you have. I like food. You called that an eating disorder. No. Wait, I'm pretty sure all the episode you said. Well then I have an eating disorder. Well, maybe, oh, Because he was saying like if I went to a beach city and all they had was fish I'd considered, it would be considered me having an You do say you have what? I'm, what, what my apology is that you're begging for me to apologize to you. I'm saying it was a misunderstanding. And you clearly don't understand that. I understand that. And I forgive you. Gosh. I Stop. Okay. Cash. Don't cry. What? Why are you acting like cry? You're so sad. I, I was just, I wasn't acting. But I guess I'll honestly, I think I'm sorry.


I I didn't mean to be acting for our own health. I think we should never do an episode again. Are you really sad? I was. I was just seeing your thing and I was like, ever since people liked me before they saw who I was, when I, when I didn't talk so much before we had a podcast, everyone was like, oh, I love K. And now that I talk a lot unfiltered, people don't really like me. Oh. Does that make sense? Or people have fall more in love with Kate And Me and Harper and, and even Maverick. Yep. And you're just like from six to seven. Wow. Well then how does that make you feel? Are you really sad about that? This is like a plant. Yeah. That's a plant or something. I Wish, I wish you could show you were nice.


What? Like you are a nice person. You genuinely are like one of the nicest people ever. Yeah. You just gotta work on how you come off you. Yes. But you come off. That Is so true. They'll literally come so aggressive. 'cause we're on a podcast, like a comedy show. I never seen you like genuinely be nice. That is not true. Harper. Harper. Like, no. Like I have, but like, like, like no, no. Like that's like not a, that's not like a rude thing to say. Like, you, y'all have never seen me be like, oh my gosh, are you okay? Like, is everything all right? Do you need help? Like, y'all never seen me do that. I've never seen cash do that. Or Mav Wait, actually, yeah, I have seen Mav do it and Kate Oh, you're saying I reach out to you?


No, not to me, but like to the like To other people. To other People. Like, like if you're like, oh my gosh, are you okay? Or like, Kate, are you, are you okay? Like seriously, like that's, We're we're thoughtful. Yes. And I've never seen ca do that. And y'all probably haven't seen me do that either, right? No, I've seen you do that. You have? Yeah. Keep glazing her math. Yeah, I see you do that. Here's the thing, cash is just the empathy part of his brain is just, He shows His love in different ways. Ways first strong. These are all jokes guys. No, that is false. What do you mean? Our parents, our whole life said, I have way more empathy than you. No Honey. What? That they make You're mixing it up. Yeah. They've always said Maverick has had more empathy than you. No, I could call mom right now.


Oh, please do. No Cats just don't. Mom has said that before. No, no, no, no, no, no. Your cousin's saying it. I'm saying it. And your wife let listen to us. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, call her. Oh no. Oh, y'all are so wrong. She, if I come home right now, she says, who has more empathy? She's gonna say me, her I'll call funny. Just don't are serious. Alexis has been working here less than a month and he knows you're wrong. No, he's like, no, I'm so serious. Don't call your mom. Oh my mom's kidding me. You're gonna get married. Remember? What's your back? I'm telling you, she tells You have more empathy. No, She tells me all the time. I have more empathy. Now ask her what your strong studio is because she also Tells You, can you actually fake this right now?


No, I, I know it. I don't Just saying, I'm not saying you're not a caring person, but you're just like, no, Alex is like, I'd say he's not caring mom. I'm telling you mom's gonna say me or call your dad. Are you in insane? I'm sorry, But the person call your dad called, Might answer a voicemail. Mom has no empathy. Your mom is the most empathetic Person ever. I don't want her to pick up. Trust me. Okay. I don't know if she's gonna pick up or not. I mean she, we'll see if she called back. Why Don tell your dad. My dad. He's probably working but he's not working at seven o'clock. Okay, lemme call him. There's no, if you genuinely believe this feel, maybe they're in their hot tub. I feel bad. I Can like there's no shot. He believes this. I don't. Mom has told me to my face. Oh Honey, I think he really is mixing up some conversation right now.


No. Hi. Oh, hey mom. Hey, I'm here with dad. He's just working on some equipment. Okay. Oh, he's working. We're on the podcast right now. Who would you say has more empathy? Me or Maverick? Empathy. Ooh, what do you think? Huh? Yeah. I would have to probably go with Maverick. No, wait. Feeling is incredible. Everybody wait. Everybody be quiet. People Feel the way they, you don't really get why people feel upset or hurt sometimes. But why?


You don't really get that a lot of times. No Mom, you, you're Gonna get stupid. You told me why they should hurt cash. You guys told me feelings. No, you guys look, talk me feelings. Wait, what'd you say? I said you're out of touch with people's feelings. He said you're outta touch with people's feelings. No, Listen. You told me. Yeah, you told me just the other day that I have more empathy than Mav. I did. You were? Yeah. You were like, you have more empathy. Mav has more. And I, I don Dunno what it was. Wait, Can I talk to her real quick? No, dad. No, she did said mom Her. Ask her what your strong suit is. I mean, maybe in the context of what we were talking about, it made sense. I don know.


Okay. So what would you say I had more of? Because you said that you're taller. What was the conference? What were we talking About? We were talking about like people's feelings and the way people are and like people like people's situations and like the way people are. And you were like, you've always been more empathetic than Mav. No, I, no, I think Maverick empathy. Do you know what empathy means? I Seriously, what does empathy mean to you? Like you, you feel bad for people when they're in a situation or you, you're able to, You're able to really comprehend how they're feeling and why they're feeling that way.


And I feel like a lot of times you just look at a situation and you're like, well that's stupid. They shouldn't feel that way. Instead of understanding that. That might be painful for them. Said that. Or that might have hurt their feelings. You Said that. No, but okay. What Then I'm mixing something up. You told me like I'm sure we did. I'm just trying to remember the conversation. I don't, I'd have, I don't remember. Probably more aggression. No, you were like, you have more empathy. Maverick has more. And then I don't know what it was. I think I, Tara I think he is mixing up what you guys said. So if you said Maverick has more empathy, what would you have said? Cash has. I think cash has a lot of compassion. I mean when he sees someone in need, he doesn't do like most of us and just say, oh I hate that he actually does something about it.


So I think he has a lot of compassion for people. Maybe that's what we were talking about. Yeah. That word does not recognize Cash. Definitely has more likely to help sometimes. Yeah. Cas has more compassion. Sympathy. It's sympathy. No, not that. That's what I'm thinking of. Definitely Kia sympathy makes you feel sorry for people then you help them. I mean that might mean that's What my mom told me. I have more of. No you don't. Okay. Yeah. Empathy. I think mad understands. Yeah. That can hurt people more. But you are very sympathetic with people in that you're gonna step up and like help them or something. Oh, thanks mom. Yes. Yeah. Keep Telling me how great I am. Yeah, You can keep going. Okay.


Alright. All Won. Have amazing strengths. All right. Thank you mom. All right. Bye-bye. Probably love you. That's no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Sympathy is the, I was mix. Empathy and sympathy. No, not sympathy either. He's going take it to his grave that he was Empathetic. I'm apologize. No, not mixed up. Sympathy or empathy. I'm worried. Pathetic. Maybe compassion. No. He is sympathetic. Nore Sympathetic. Sympathetic means means you feel their pain. No, that's empathy. Having sympathy for somebody is being like what your mom said. I don say sympathy and Empathy. Now I'm gonna look definition. Sorry for them. Empathy is feeling their pain. Oh, Cash is very sympathetic.


Feeling. Sorry. Absolutely. What? He is so sympathetic. What? He's not sympathetic to first world problems. He could not care less if what you wanted at the drive through was sold out. Or if McDonald's put the wrong stuff on your burger. He does not care about that. If you're upset about that and you're about to cry, he does not give two craps. But if he looks at someone in a third world country who's dying of disease doesn't have a house, he ha he's very sympathetic towards those people. Stuff like that. He's not gonna be sympathetic towards to stupid problems. Think Compassion. Okay. So I mix it up. Sympathy is the word I meant. People hype that other country's foods I do when I travel anywhere besides America, I'm like, I don't like the food. I've never like, And I tried truffles, truffle pasta and I threw up.


And dads always hype it up. Dads are like, oh, the food in other countries so good. And you try a piece of bread and it's like a rock. It's like, I Know. Well I've only, I went to the Dominican Republic in Mexico and I feel like those are pretty similar with their food groups and it's just Mexican food. So it's like, well they're really Still bad. Like all, every time I go to Mexico or anywhere down there, like the desserts are all bad because they Don't Well, because they don't use the sugar we use. Yeah, but they're, that makes 'em not as good sugar. It's better for Your body. Gimme my sugar. It's better for your body. I do wanna go to Europe though and try the food because some people love it, some people hate it. But I wanna try it very Bad. No, I tried the pizza and I thought this pizza is garbage. But I ordered pepperoni. They gave me some fake pepperonis. Do you try that? What do you, what are you?


Snap she Snapchatting. Hold on. We're in the middle of a conversation. I don't wanna Answer you. I'm Sorry. A podcast. I really know what stop. Bye. No, honestly guys, I have no energy. I joy, Let me use the curse word. We know please. I really wanna know what the curse word is. Oh, You know what it was. You know, you know what it was. I know one, it's like, it's like there's broke on pizza and then like anger got really mad. He was like, well hello San Francisco. Everybodys broccoli on pizza. What? That's so weird. Broccoli on pizza is kind of crazy. Yeah. I Don dunno who eat, eat bro on pizza. But I will stand by till the day I die. The best pizza out there dominoes is pineapple and ham.


Ew. Pineapple is pretty good on pizza. Pineapple, man, That kind of makes you Throw up. Hawaiian is the best pizza in the world. I don't think I've ever wanted to take something off my face so bad. Worst Pizzas that I don't even understand why people eat are like olives, broccoli, mushrooms. I don't understand why people eat that stuff on a pizza. Makes it horrid. What's that's favorite ride at Disneyland? I've Never been. Oh, I have been Rock And rollercoaster. Rock and rollercoaster. What? Or, or like Space Mountain I, Disneyland or Disney Space Mountain's. Good. I've only been to Disneyland. Oh well I've been to both Disney World and Disneyland. Have you Actually? Ooh. But Disneyland is like the is or is the, what's it called? Like where the big thing is? What Did you just say? I've been to Disneyland and Disney World. Do you mean do you I've never been to Disney World. I've been to Univers, Orlando. Universal.


Universal. Maybe. I've never been to Disneyland. Universal. Universal in Orlando. Universal. That's what I mean. I love Universal. Universal. My favorite part. Never been, you never went with me. I've only been to Disneyland twice. And it was both times in California once with Kate and then once this other time With who? Who'd she go with you? Remember? What'd She Look like? Oh no, I know You probably don't remember her name. 'cause you never remember any girlfriend. Not as pretty as you sweetheart. Oh shoot. Yo. Wait, what was, whoa. What? Her names let's, no, you actually know who it was. Who? You don't remember? No.


Oh Yeah. Listen to this. I got scammed. Oh, you did? Probably those tickets are high. I, I, I, I visited this girl that I kind of knew, like kind of knew like a little bit. And I was like, Hey, do you wanna go to Disneyland? She's like, yeah, universal Should use this better. I have This been, no, listen. This, this is crazy. Yeah, I agree. So I take this girl to Disneyland, just me and her. Okay. I get there. I buy her ticket. Okay. To Disneyland. You don't Even buy my ticket when we went. Oh my goodness. Yes I did. What? No, I'm kidding. I buy her, I buy this girl's ticket to Disneyland my ticket. We go to Disneyland. Right? I'm like, okay, this would be, you know, whatever. Right.


This girl has a boyfriend. Oh, she had a boyfriend and came to Disneyland with me and let me buy her ticket. Wow. Is that not crazy? That's crazy. Insane. And then, and then I was like, why is this girl like, I was like, why did she come here? She's like, not really like into me because like I wasn't getting into me vibes wasn't getting into me Vibes. Yeah. And then I was like, why is she acting like weird? And then I go to her Instagram, I was, and then she's still, she's dating the dude. And I was like, why are you here? Like, is that not crazy? If you were in a relationship, if I was in a relationship going to Disneyland with one the opposite sex one-on-one and then buying your ticket and going to Disneyland. That's kind of crazy to Me. No.


If I was in a relationship and a famous person said, you wanna go to Disneyland together, then of course I would go into Disneyland. No, like, it'd be weird. Imagine you were in a relationship and you're older too. You're like 19. Yeah. You think, you think Kevin Hart asked your mom to go to Disneyland. She's gonna go go short. They like, wouldn't this be weird? Wouldn't this be weird if like, your mom not, wouldn't this be weird if like your mom and one of their guys just went to Disneyland and one, one guy just like took your mom to Disneyland. That'd be weird. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, that's weird. Yeah. That would be mad. I got scanned weird. I just bought this girl to get into Disneyland. Yeah. Well that's what you get for I Was like 16. I was like 16 was like 16 years old. Do you know what ca that means? You were like 14? No, I would've been 15.


Okay. You were 15. Kate when she was like 12 and like 16. She just took a photo of herself doing everything. Like crying. Crying again, Dude, it's okay. And Crying Again. I just need to document your life from the memories, you know? And I don't understand. I, I Can successfully say I have never taken a picture of myself crying. Never one time in my life. Well, That's great. Maybe 'cause you're a boy Maverick. No. Maverick took a picture of himself crying. When did I take a picture of myself crying. Remember I found out on your camera roll. Whatcha talking about? You remember that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, you're gonna act like you don't remember, huh? Oh, you're gonna, you're just gonna make something up again. I'm not making it up. Kate's vacuumed me. I do, I do. But like a week later got outta my eye photo.


I genuinely, genuinely feel like you're lying. But I feel like Kate's telling the truth, so I don't know who to believe. What do you mean we found it? You were like laying in bed crying. You took a picture of yourself. All right. That's it. I'm gonna make all y'all play. Rock, paper, scissors to see who gets shot. Bad McKenzie. Go ahead. Wait, is it like one person's getting shot? Yeah, it'll be a process of elimination. Okay. Okay, rock. You can rock And I'll do paper. Okay. And then you'll get rock paper, scissors. Shoot. I, Hey, y'all Rock, paper, scissors, shoot. No. No. Oh, okay. So, Kenzie safe, Mav and Harper play. Okay. Oh, scissors shoot. Oh no. Oh no. Kate Mav. Oh no. I'm so nervous. Rock, paper, Scissors. Shoot. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot.


Rock paper. S Oh my God. Oh my God. So intense. Perry, shoot. Yes. Wait, wait, wait. Right. There's a microphone right Here. Hey, losing three days, days in a row is crazy. Listen, You lost three and a row, dog. I understand. If someone's getting a shot, it should probably be me, but, Oh, okay. Microphone. You understand? You shouldn't do that. We have a microphone then. That's soaking. Wait, you didn't even play. Give me the water gun. You and Matt have to play still. Oh No. That's okay. I'm the guy with the water gun. No, Gimme the Water gun. No, no, I'm not gonna do it. That's okay. Unfortunately, nobody will be getting the water gun. I'm Not doing anything. I'm just shooting a lady bug Outta my eye. Yeah, that's okay. I'll, I'll hold.


I'll hold the water Gun. You know what I'm excited for? I'm excited for their actual wedding and for cash to genuinely give his best man speech. Oh, I'm so ready. Oh no, I'm not excited about that. Well, first of all, it's Maverick didn't think about this two years ago when he freaked up my wedding. Maverick gave a a best man speech at our wedding. That was So bad. We can't post it. Yeah, It's, yeah. I mean, You can put that into verbiage there. Yeah, it's, we wanted to post it online, but it, it was so hard that we can't even post it on the internet. What? I said some crazy things. He Said some very insane things that, have you ever seen it? No. It's so bad. I don't even Wanna show her. We literally can't post it online 'cause it's so bad. It just showed me and we wanted to, there was a lot of inside jokes and there was a lot of things that weren't so inside jokes that probably shouldn't have been said.


Yeah. And so my speech is gonna even be better than that. But it's also gonna be a speech slash rap slash song. Oh really? Oh, Marick. I Can, Yeah. I'm gonna do a rap. I'm gonna bring up Harper at one segment to sing. It's gonna be great, Kenzie. Honestly, I'll make sure it's not gonna embarrass you. Okay. Please. I don't care about getting embarrassed. And then Kate, my fake speech and then I'll rip out my actual one. Yo yo. After Kate approves, after Kate approves out, let's keep it the Pg 'cause my grandparents will be there. Pg. Oh, no one cared about that. Just tell 'em to turn their hearing aids off At my wedding. No one got a heads up to turn their hearing aids off. What happened? Maverick's Grandma was trying to beat him.


I think my grandma Would actually walk up and just like hit you and like tackle you to the floor. So let's just, What if I'm the dj? The dj? Please be the DJ at your wedding. DJ Harper. You. You'll all, You would hear the whole time Is Queen, queen, B Queen or Queen B? Just on repeat the entire night. Can we actually play that? No. No. Yes, Yes, yes. I need as many views and money as I Can get. Okay. Wait, That's Harper. So Kiss Mary kill cash? Yes. Your options are option one. She Hulk kiss. What the wait, Shek.


She Hulk. It's the girl version of Hulk. Yeah, but that's not a thing is it? No, it is She Hulk. Oh, She-Hulk is real. Oh, is she cute? Yeah. Oh yeah, she's a lawyer. What it his ho, is it his hawk with like a little pink bow in her hair? No, she kinda just like a jacked girl. She Hawk is real. She Hulk is a real person. This female version of Hu. She has her own show. What? On Disney Plus She Hulk. This is true. Okay. Looking up a picture. Yeah, show him. So he, he gets the understanding what the Oh yeah. You like she Hull, huh? Okay. You into those green Shrek type people. Okay. Yeah. That looks like, that looks like straight off Rek. It looks like Fiona strikes On Steroids. She hawk is one. Next you have Kim.


Possible good option, honestly. Solid option. Kim. Possible third. Do, do you know who Kim Possible is? The girl? The black black hair? Yeah. You picking retro people, bro. What am I showing my H right now? Yeah. Oh, okay. Well last one is Miss Puff SpongeBob's driving tshirt. Oh dude, me and Miss Puff would hit it off. Oh, do you think SpongeBob? That was so good. Me and Miss Puff would hit it off, bro. I think Miss Puff would puff you away into her dust. Is she gonna Puff and puff and where you gonna kiss? Oh, so you're kissing puff? What? I'm kissing puff. You kissing puff kiss. I gotta, you gotta kiss puff. Oh, but then you have to kill Seahawk or Kim. Possible. Yeah. Okay.


I think, I think I'll kill the hawk girl. And then I know you like those big girls. Come on and Hello. Those Jack girls Know you like those girls that can overpower you. Yeah. Kate's. How? How'd you know that Matt? Look at Kate. Yeah. She'd been going to the gym. Dude, the, you I just love shredded women. Funny. No, the funniest steak dog you've ever made is, it's not even like funny, but like, it's like when like you are eating your goldfish and you're like, I like my whale. And like, he was like, there's, Kate was like, there's plenty of fish in the sea. You are like, yeah, but like some are whales. And then, and then casually, Hey, I like my whale. That is A funny TikTok. I love that TikTok. I Don't even remember that one. It was the funny saying. And I, it Goes like this. It goes like this. You ready?


You ready? It goes. Ask, ask. Tell me. There's plenty of fish in the sea. There's plenty of Fish in the sea. Yeah, but Kate, some of those fish are like other girl fish. And some of those fish are whales. Hey, I like my whale. Oh, you really didn't give a joke. You really didn't give a joke until we demonstrated. Yeah. I don't remember That. You don't remember that video? No. It's a, it's a viral video. It's really awkward. Yeah. I'm killing she Yo kissing Ms. Puff marrying Kim. Possible. Wow. At Grandma's funeral we were there and it's pretty much like me and Kate and everyone else there is above the age of like 60 plus, maybe 70 or 80.


It was all her friends. It was a lot of old people. Old, old people. Right. One of these old people. Hey, at least she had a lot of friends. That's what I'm saying. Do I look shy? One of her old friends come up to me and some old people. They just be seeing like juice world as they're going out. All my friends are her dad. What the fuck? That was crazy. That's gonna be, that's gonna be you. I feel like you're gonna be, we're all gonna die. Yeah. Kate's gonna be the last one alive for sure. Yeah. Do you, we're all all gonna Die, do you think? Not? I'm the last one alive. Mm. You're not that much younger than Kate. Yeah. Kate, you're gonna watch all of us die. I probably am. You're gonna, you know how I'm look and be like Afraid of dying. I'm never gonna die. That's what's Gonna happen. They're gonna look back and you're gonna be like everyone on the podcast. All the behind the scenes people, all my family, every, all of them are gone.


Just you. I Know Kate. Isn't that gonna be so sad? It's Gonna be very sad. But I'm, But I'm gonna be the last one, Libby, obviously. And I'm gonna help bury y'all. So I'm gonna help Bury, you know what's crazy? I feel like you won't e like the odds of you being, even being at our funerals is probably pretty low. No. Harper's being at my funeral. Yeah. I want her to bury me. You dig the hole? Yeah. Yeah. Harper with the, with the tractor digging the hole. Oh my God. I dig the don't you don't dig it. That, that would be okay. What happened at the funeral though? I know. Say, oh, I feel like Harper would just like kick me down though. She'd just be like, okay. Into the hole. Alright. Yeah. No. So we were at school lunch. She's like, sh I have a nail appointment. I have to get to shut up. Yeah. Anyways, we were at the funeral.


That's what she would say. Oh, okay. I'm not saying at trying to rush the, I'm I'm not saying it a fourth time guys. You're just Trying to rush it. I Can tell y'all about my hair. Wait, wait. Oh, got it, got it, got it. Stop. Keep going. Is everybody just gonna interrupt me again? No, we're ready. You interrupting us. Cameraman's shaking. He said yes. I'm gonna stop talking until you tell your story. Okay. What happened? So I was at the funeral. Yeah. And this old person comes up to me. Grandma's keep in mind grandma's, she dead. Yeah. We're all sitting there. She passed. We're all, I mean, we're front row too. 'cause we're, we're family row bro. Making it sound like a concert. No, no. I'm saying like, we're family, right? So we're front row. Yeah. And we're all sitting there.


Kate's family's all crying. I never really met Grandmama much so, I mean, I didn't really know her very well. But Kate's kind of crying. Everybody's crying. Right? Did you not cry? I never really knew her. I, I mean, by the time her a couple Times started dating, she, her dementia was really bad, so she couldn't really talk or anything. Yeah. Yeah. So everyone's kind of crying, you know, it sob and it's a funeral. It's sad. This old person walks up to me straight up like a savage. And Is there something wrong? No. I'm just waiting for this old person's about to say, are you saying, 'cause I was looking at all the cameras. Yeah. Oh no, I was just making sure they're all rolling. Oh, this person comes up to me. They're like 80 years old, like a freaking savage and just goes the biggest smile on their face. Looks at me and Kate and goes, congratulations.


And I was like, I was like, I remember this. I was like, I didn't know what to say. I was like, she didn't leave us mine. She didn't have a big trust. I know. But I was like, thank you. And I don know what to say and it, it was like a good, you were like good. Hi grandma Ma. Yeah. It was like a good silence. And then they're like, Congratulations, Congrats on being married. And we were like, oh well, our marriage. Yes. Yes. We've been married For a year and a half now. Half now, now people would stopped congratulating Us. Yeah. Nobody was congrat. I mean, it was like a year and a half. Yeah. It was like a year and a Half married. You congratulate somebody at a funeral while they're sitting front row is crazy.


That is kind of crazy. Congratulations. You're like in tears. They're like, congratulations, you know, really? Say like that. I was like, you creep. What the No, it was good. It lifted my spirits. And By the time I did see Harper and Kate, they, they tripped and fall. They tripped and fell on this rug and they stood up and their makeup imprint was just stuck in the rug. It was a, it was an exact like piece of art of their face. Yeah. Which Just like them. That is that for like the blush and everything was like stuck on a black rug. You could probably Sell it. You wanna do it again? No, I don't. No. That that happen. Stick your face down. That didn't happen. But it does happen on my shirt. Yeah. Like when Kate leans on my shirt, she gets up and I'm like, ah. That's literally not what you said yesterday.


What? He's trying to get me to lay down with him. And I was like, I'm wearing makeup. It's gonna get all, get on all your shirt. Lemme take it off. He was like, I don't care. The truth comes out. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Obviously you know what else she said? She said, after doors close, you're a different person. She said, and I said the same thing about you. Kenzie said the same Thing about you. That's not true. Everyone knows that about math. No cash sits there. Cash sits there. And she said, yeah, he acts tough and like all this stuff. But then I did not say that. But then behind closed doors, words, what do I do? He's a little sweetheart. That's what she said. That's how, okay. No. Now let her speak. What did, what did, what did you say Behind closed doors? No, we were just talking because Mav Cash, Kenzie and I were in the car talking about a topic and the boys were being very obnoxious about it.


They were being kind of rude and weren't hearing me And Kenzie out. And I was, I was like, you guys are just being rude. That's funny. And the second we get into the room, cash is like, no, it's all for fun. Like, I understand where you're coming from completely. It's just those serious conversations aren't actually serious. Obviously Ma And Kenzie are gonna go have a serious conversation about it by themselves and Like, oh honey, ba bao. That was not me switching up behind closed doors. You switched up behind closed doors. Because as soon as we walked in behind a closed door and the door shut, guess what happened? She started crying because I Was stressed out. So obviously when you start crying, I have to be, I can't Only nice to me when I cry. No, but I'm saying you are the one that switched the vibe. What the heck are y'all doing bro? We're just letting him chill.


He's just hanging. Nope. You really make yourself look so rude on the podcast. What do you mean? Like, he is not a mean person, but on the podcast he's like, I only, I was only nice 'cause you were crying. That's not what I said. No or bad. No. Wait, pause. That's not what I said. Yeah, he's a super villain. Yeah. No, that's not what I said. You said, you said I switched up behind closed doors. Never Does have eating disorder. I said, I said, well obviously I switched up behind closed doors because you started crying. Well, If I wouldn't have been crying, you probably would've come in there and said the same thing though. Well, not if you were fine, Let's stunt. But yes, I'm a little different behind closed doors. I'm not Off the podcast. We are just saying, And everyone here can contest that cash is a normal human being off the podcast. What Do you, what is that supposed to mean?


We literally ended the last episode. Now did we talk Okay, we ended No, no, no, no. Don't say that because I don't, I don't know what order and everything's, everything's gonna go in. No, it's, we ended an episode. Can I say that? Sure. We ended an episode, but the, where I was opening up about my eating disorder. Harper, stop picking at your Skin. What did you do? Me? The whole episode. You argue. Episode ended. We're all like, man, we actually thought like, you were like, okay, Matt, we're talking about that on the next one. Irritated. We're talk or we're talking about that. That one's on the anonymous episode. Okay. I wanna know what you have to say. K. Talk to me. Open up. Open up to your Wife. It's okay. Cash. Your part on this podcast is to play the villain. And, and you've done that since the first episode.


I don wanna the villain. Okay. You've always been the villain. You villain. I don't wanna be the villain. Who do you wanna be? Who does cash wanna be A hero? Everyone needs a you hero Truth. Everyone needs a hero. True. Zero people shouldn't have a Hero. Logan is my hero. He is really nice. So I went and made a song about him twice. What Song? About Twice. That's really nice. Everyone needs someone to idolize. No, don't make people idols. Please. Especially us. He Has taught us, I lost 10 pounds in three days and that was about two weeks ago. And I have eaten so much since then and I still, I've only gained two more pounds. And how negative eight. This, how has this affected your marriage?


Yeah, I don't know. Well, it's affected my marriage as in the way, because you know this to eat. Yeah. And she doesn't understand how much I need to eat. Yeah. So she doesn't make me the right amount of portions. Oh. And when I made it and when she's cooking for me, I end up eating all of it. And she's like, why are you eating all of it? Because I'm malnourished. And she doesn't understand that, you know what happens? She's never been malnourished. So she doesn't understand. Do you wanna know how I feel? Are you saying she's fat? No, ma she's never been malnourished. I mean, she's got reserves on her, on her dump truck. You know what I mean? I don't have those. I'll prove it to you right now. No, that's, I don't have reserves that, That's quite all right.


No, No. You know what happened? If I had, you need to understand if I had reserves, I wouldn't need to eat so much the meals. But wait, no, but wait, lemme finish. Take that. But when I don't, when I don't have enough, my me starts eating my muscles and my bones away because I, I have a, I have a, what's that called? I have a, I have a metabolism disorder and disorder. That's e Can somebody Fix this so I don't have to Hold my mic? Wait, Joe, can you hear it through mind? It's bad. I think it's like double coming through. 'cause it's so close. Yeah. I don't think we can have to, here I'll readjust. How about you get up? Wait, no. Can you just like make his arm longer? So How about you get up like a big boy? Just Take it off and hold it. I'll do that Wasn't crushing me, babe.


Listen, the truth is guys cash and Kate got, oh Wait, No. I needed to defend Myself as a wife. Huh? No, I need to defend myself as a wife. He said, he said she doesn't feed me. Wait, wait, wait. Lemme hold the mic for you. She doesn't feed me at all. Y'all wanna know what I fed him? Brought away a whole pound of ground beef. No. Now that never happened. No. Of what? No. A whole pound, a Pound of ground beef. And like, like that's what you put in. Hamburger helper. You eat the whole pot. A Hamburg helper all for himself. I I I was like, okay, I'm gonna let it go bowl Eyes. No. Yeah. And my mom never understood. My mom was like, you don't need a third bowl. I was like, yes I do. Because of my deficiency problem to finish, I Literally said, I said I made a pot, a hamburger helper.


And I was like, okay, it's gonna cool. And I said, cash is ready if you wanna come get some. And I was gonna go take a shower. I was going to eat some and I came back and it was all gone. Well that's exactly. So I just didn't eat dinner that Night. I think that's what he's mad about. That's what I'm mad about. Listen, is I say she doesn't make me enough portions. I was literally, listen, the last three nights in a row, what have I ate? Hamburger Helper. So wouldn't you think by the third night that you should probably make more, you know what I'm saying? Like, if I ate three nights in a row, I ate all of it. Is this the biggest problem in your marriage? I said cash. Yeah. We have a pretty good marriage besides the hamburger helper. Gosh, you know what? I bought Four pounds of hamburger meat. Oh gosh. And I, it's in our freezer and I can't just put four pounds on the stove for one night.


Always A reason. When you remarried, you had to, I assume ask her parents, can you hear my phone? How did that go? My cellular device. Oh, how'd that go? 'cause I'm just thinking if a 17, 17-year-old came up to me and was like, Hey, I wanna marry Aada, can we? I'm gonna be like n no kidding. Yeah. So when I asked, especially when he tells me his job is Instagram, I'm gonna be like, no. I knew Instagram. Yeah. When, when I asked her dad if we could get married. Well, he only said no. He only said four words. Four words. I love you. That's all. That must have been some important words. That's all he, he said four words when I asked And Okay. I was 16 years old when Ke asked Him.


Yeah. So Harper 16, she was only a year and a half older than you getting married. That's crazy to think about. Wow. That actually, that's a child. Imagine some guy, she stretch out the cream. Imagine That's my sister's age. No younger than my sister. A year Younger. Yeah. My, My sister getting married right now would be so weird. When does your sister turn? 18? Next year. Yeah. We asked to get married when she was 16, which is crazy. Think about that Is psycho. And so I go to him, I would've honestly as a dad been like, yeah, sure, whatever. It's not gonna happen. Like sure if you, if if that's your dream buddy, like you'll think about it.


So, but knowing like Yeah, they're kids. They'll they'll break up. Yeah. We, what's wrong? I'm just so, I'm just, I can't just, Lemme she's uncomfortable with you. Just let me sit. She doesn't like you. You make her uncomfortable. Just Let me sit in the other chair. She Doesn't like how you Are. So when I asked her dad to get married, oh. I just, I can't just let me sit in the Other chair. Yes. You can just sit up straight. Oh, good. Posture. Posture. There you go. I feel like, There You go. A this middle school couple just like this, this is Like not normal. Okay. For everybody in the comment section. It's like, Why don't they, that's like a couple. I'm trying, I'm trying. Okay. I can't because she just, she doesn't want me.


Okay. If I were her, I would, When, when I asked her father for her head and marriage, it was first of all very intense. 'cause he's just always in the garage. And I, so I had to go out to the garage. I was like, okay, Here we go. You're like acting like, you know what these tools do. You're like, yeah. Yeah. I was like, I'm nice tools. I'm gonna go ask him if I Can marry his 16-year-old daughter, what could go wrong? I go out there and I was like, that's crazy. Hey man, what you doing? You guys were so young. Like y'all were just what? Upstairs watching Elmo. And you're like, I'm gonna go ask to marry your daughter. And I was like, so what would you think about me and Kate getting married in the near future?


And he, he, he stops what he is doing and he just drops. And he's like, and he was like, he, I I, he just turns around to me. I'll never forget this moment. He just turns around to me and he goes, I'll think about it. And then he, I'm not even kidding. Then he turns right back around and keeps doing what he was doing. I was like, you'll think about it. Okay. And his back's to me again now. And I was just like, I think about it, We're gonna go finish Barney. Yeah. I was like, I'm just gonna go back inside. And I, I don't, I didn't get an answer for like a week or two. And then I was like, do I ask him again? Did he forget about it?


Like, I don't know what to do. And then he, and then he finally, he like called me into the garage one day and he was like, I thought about it. That's good. That's good. And he was like, all I ask is that you wait until she's at least 18. So that's a Well, no dirt. It's a crazy low bar, by the way. So we did, we got married two days after she turned 18, two days after her birthday got married. I don't mean to overachiever or anything, you know, two days we did wait two, we did wait the two days. So it was a win-win. And did you, did you, like, how did the conversation go with like, the rest of the family? Hold on. Kate's very uncomfortable. So there's a lot of allegations saying like, what, why would you get married?


Allegations. Yeah. Do you know what allegations are? No. Okay. I love you so much, but I just did not love that seating arrangement. So how did the conversations go with the rest of the family? My lips are so chapped. So the rest, so when the rest of the family found out we were getting married mom and Yeah, it was kind of, it was kind of awkward because, you know, her other sister thought we were gonna be getting married. And so I had to break the news to her that I chose this sister. What? And the, and then that's crazy. And then that's Not true at All. By the way, the brothers, well one of 'em didn't find out until like six months later after we were engaged. Michael. Yeah. He, he, no, the other one zag.


He was like, he didn't find out. No. And he was like, nobody told me this. And everybody's just like, I don't know. I knew y'all never told him. Well, he lives in Arkansas who goes there? So like you can't text him, but Yeah. But like, I Don't remember what happened. People In Arkansas just disappear. Like, who's in Arkansas? My Dad. It's crazy. Like My dad moves away. No, he doesn't. Your dad lives at your house. Oh, he doesn't, not anymore. Yes he does. I no, don't believe her guys, her dad lives at her house. She's a happy family. No, no. She goes up to Arkansas for work trips. She my dad. Yes. I shouldn't have said that. It's a secret. Anyways. Yeah.


So most of the family was pretty cool about it. Your mom doesn't, didn't really care. Your dad seemed stressed. Your sister was mad. Understandably. Shut up your brother. He didn't really care. I think he thought it was cool. And then your oldest brother. Yeah. He was just a little confused why nobody told him ever Tell them about our cute little date to James Avery. Yeah. So I was like, I want you to pick out a charm for my bracelet. And he was like, okay. And Wait, wait, pause. Did you guys hear that? What, what Kate say pick out a charm for my bracelet. How? I want you to pick out a charm for my bracelet. Yeah, yeah. That's what she told me. Okay. So I, I happily got in the car and happily drove to James Avery to spend $80 on a little nugget.


That's this big. Okay. They they charge you $80 for a piece of metal that is this big $80. They cha charge you $280 for a charm. Okay. Harper, no need to flex on us right now. I'm eating my charm nugget with 200 days Charm nugget. I'm just proud. My, she asked me me to pick out a charm I like for her bracelet. Continue. Let me finish. And then this is what she did to me. Go ahead. He was like, this the one I want. And I come over lo and behold, can you guess what charm you picked out for me and iHeart Oklahoma charm. He wanted to put on my charm bracelet. I said, can I don see what's wrong with that? I'm from Oklahoma. Nope. You you just switched up. Nope.


What? You just trashed Oklahoma. He want you. Exactly. Yeah. But it's still my home state. Gotta represent. He wanted me to put, and everyone knows my opinions on Oklahoma. I don't vibe with Oklahomans. Like What? I'm literally from that. Like what does that even mean? You're Right, you do vibe with them. Barely. Trust me, we vibe. Everyone that lives in this house except you, is from Oklahoma. All three of us actually everyone in this room is Oklahoma. Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Arkansas. And where are you from? Oklahoma. That's what I thought. Oh, she is? No, she is from Oklahoma. You're such a kid. No, no. She was born there. She was born there. No you were not. Was she? Yes she was. No you were not. Yes she was. No, they told us that. I think that's actually true. It is true. I'm not buying That. Okay. It is true, but No.


Oh, I didn't know. No. So it wasn't true. Okay. So most those My, my grandparents are. And so that means she's Like, oh, bloodline your bloodline. So she originated blood. No, my Dad's from there and that means I'm pregnant. Yeah. So she's gotten strong Oklahoma blood because I've, I've never stolen, I'm sweating so bad right now. Really? I would give you hard for feel. No, I'm good. I'm fine. You know, wanna Feel it? I Can. Oh my God. It's like dripping like, oh wow. Ew. Oh man. It's like a little swimming pool up in there. I would literally pay one of you $5 if y'all touch it. Okay. Actually Why? I would just go, why would you do that? Okay, do it. You gotta touch the hair. Why Don would you do that? Harper. Harper. You don't need $5 by Bad do it. Do it. Come on. No Harper, you don't need that. Oh man.


Stop trying to get little girls to touch you guys. You're what? That's weird. You're paying them now that me that. That's crazy. You can't say stuff like that. Maverick. What they Did, we all saw solid. This episode started with how Kate and Ka, sorry. He liked underage girls then. And that was, I was underage. No, You were old. Wait, what are you saying? Joe? Were you underage? Yes, he was underaged. No, I wasn't underage. Well she's not liking. I mean at some point I was 18 and you were 17 And We had been together for two years by then Texas, Which is legal Texas. Legal in Texas. Legal in Texas. I googled it. Wait, what legal in Texas? Like date children.


Date children. It's Like the Romeo and Juliette law where like, and you guys are dating and there's like, I don't know. It's within, I don know The law very well. Well I know the lot very well. So you sound me Trump. So, so what you do if you want it. No, stop. That's horrible opening Sentence. Trump was approved by Utah or something. Or Ohio? No, Let me restart. Lemme restart was approved. So if you find yourself dating an underage person, what you need to do is go to the Romeo and Juliet law. If you live in Texas, what are you saying right now? And well, I'm giving you, I'm, I'm just telling you what the law is. I'm just explaining The law. Okay. So it's definitely not the Romeo and Juliet law. That law is not what Talking About right now.


Rome is that not the law? No, that was the other law. Oh, Okay. Well there's a law is if you're within like two years apart of the minor and un minor. So if you're 18 and 17, it's still legal. Yeah. Which obviously it should be. Well Also in the state of Texas, 17 is like even there's 17 is an adult in Texas. Yeah. It's the eight, it's the new 18. It's the 17 is the age I Can say. Would You date an 18-year-old? No, I, yes. No, you should not date an 18-year-old. If they had money And If they were short, You know, you know, my mom was Your dad Robbed the cradle. My mom was 14 and my dad was was he 18 or 19?


Well she was a freshman and he was a, no, she was in eighth grade and he was a senior. So how old are you in eighth grade? No, You were like 13, Eighth grade and a senior's crazy. That's that's crazy. I would not do that. Oh, my list. So he was 18 and she was how old? Like 13 or 14? Yeah. So she was like 13 or 14 and he was 18. That's ooh, that's crazy. Imagine being a senior in high school and being like, yeah, I'm dating one of the middle schoolers. I I could not be friends with you. I'd be like, you Heard it here first. Did you google the Romeo Juliet law yet? That is not the law. Oh, Well, whatever the law is. I don't know what the law is. If, if I was, let me think. 16.


So did you know Piper Raquel? She actually, her Levi's 18 and she's 16. Or not Levi. Yeah, Lev. Lev. Yeah, That's exactly what I'm saying. You can be 18 and 17 or like, it's like two years is the thing. Yeah, Yeah. You could be, but also when you're Dating, 'cause I thought about that. Oh, go ahead. If you start dating when you're like 14 and 16 and then you're together for a couple years and then the guy, like he turns 18 and then you're 16. Like, that's not illegal Before. But you, you guys got married. This is not legal advice. I do. We don't really know. Oh yeah. We actually are not lawyers. So don't Take anything to, do y'all have any regrets before y'all got married? Like, do you regret what the what? You Can't say that that's a Bad word.


That Is not a good word. It's definitely not an appropriate word. That's he was, you know, I bleeped it out. Well now if you bleep it, they're gonna think he even said a worse word. I know. That's why. Just cut that Before. Before. No. Okay. Okay. I'll rephrase the question. Before you got married, do you regret being okay? Wait, wait. Just do one of those like little beep things like, you know those little and then come to this scene right here. All right. Before you got married. Ka do you regret being what? Scandalous scandal. You asked like I was dressed weird. What do you mean? You mean kissing 30 plus girls? You're kissing lots of girls. No. Why are we talking, first of all girls, why are we talking about this again? And second of all, That's just what Maverick asked.


It's Just a question. This is supposed to be about our, our happy marriage. Did you? Yeah. I'm I'm asking pre-marriage now. Well, Do you Regret it? Do I regret what? Kissing, making out with all the women? First of all, they were not women. Yes they were. Second of all. Some, some, and second of all, yeah, I, yes. You regret it. Yes. All of 'em. I remember asking you like the day after each one you said, no, I don't regret it. No, you, this is, he's just making applies. And he says, this never happened. Me and Kate were watching a movie last night or two nights ago, something like that. And it was the movie. Have y'all seen the movie?


There's like a, these snowboarders going the ski lift and the ski lift gets stuck. Oh. It's like frozen. It's what it's called Frozen. Is it really? Yeah. Well that's ironic. Different kind of frozen. Yeah. Yeah. Don't watch this frozen. These Ski, these skiers go on a ski trip and their ski lift stops at night and no one knows they're there and they're there like all week. Have you seen that movie? They Like it's what was was gonna tell At all. Wait, have you seen that movie? No. Oh. Anyways, they break their legs. Like the one guy jumps off the ski and he breaks his legs and then Wolfs come and eat 'em alive while their two friends watch. And it's very, very gruesome. Oh. And just not a fun watch. And anyways, Kate wakes up after that guy's dead and there's only two on the ski lift and she looks up the ending to the movie wakes up.


She's not even watching the movie. I'm watching the movie. She's asleep. Kate wakes up. Oh no. Looks at a screen. Gets on her phone. Googles who lives goes back to bed. I was like, Doesn't even watch the movie. Oh, I don't like movies like that. And I was stressing 'cause I didn't. No, you're actually the worst person ever to watch a movie with. I didn't Tell him what happened. Yeah. But after the movie, she was like, I knew she lived already. It don't, like, it's like you just started taking away the whole experience of the movie. Just, I didn't want to experience that movie. That's why I went to bed. Ka was like, do you wanna watch this? I said, no, I'm gonna go to sleep. It'd be like going to watch like a tournament and like you already know who won. Do you know what the official name for our country is? The United States of America.


Is this true? What? What is it true? What is it? I don dunno. I don Know what you mean. I We have a lot of names. America. America. United States of America. USA, the us. Okay. I believe it's the United States of America. Wow. Is it that because really your your, your passport. What does it say? United States of America? US Passport. It's an abbreviation for the United States. So of America isn't included? No, because we're the United States. You know, someone might have put their bare butt on that toilet seat. Yeah. I mean I did. But you think anybody else besides me? Well, Alex, Alex has pointed out himself. What did One day I am gonna switch out that toilet seat for like one of the ones in the rest of the house.


I, I would hate myself for the rest of my life. That'd be horrible because I'd be doing everything like I earlier I had it in my mouth like this. Oh, that's nice. Ew. And if that was a real toilet seat, that'd be bad. That would, that's still bad. Honestly, even if it's not a real toilet seat. Me and Kate, were actually talking about how we wanna adopt a kid. You wanna be adopted? Yes, please. Oh, imagine y all adopted Harper. Can't we? That would be so bad if y'all adopted Harper. Yeah. Y'all would, y'all would ruin her if he just So we would ruin her. Yeah. You'd just turn her into a working machine. You wouldn't the girl have no life. That's not true. Bill. More content. Yeah. Cash. Wait, what do you let me Cash would not let her do School. Would would you let me like go to parties?


No, not if it interfered with the content. Oh Bitch. Wait, I actually wanna sing. Oh, do it. Okay. Sing for It and don't rap. Okay. What s Okay. Yeah. What type of song do I sing a lot? Sing Your freaking. I don't know. The other day I heard you actually sing. Good. And what was that? What the No, what was that song? What that was That was a genuine compliment. Yeah. He was such, such, that was a real compli to me. Dude. We're singing on the microphone, trying to make a song. We've been singing there all day. I, for years, actually I say it. Yeah. Years. We've been singing on this studio. It's actually on the other side of this wall. I've actually heard, I'm saying the story She was about to tell you. Tell them how bad you are singing. No, I, Whatcha gonna say no.


I actually, that was so important to Interrupt me. No, I actually heard, I I was actually giving you a taste of your own medicine. What? Oh yeah. Good. Oh, nice. Anyways, meet my baby. No, I actually heard that. Yeah. What did you hear? I heard I always hear Cass's voice. Oh no. And then, and then one time Chase turned off the auto tune and he was like, Oh, Harper Honeyboo. We've all heard Queen be No, what I heard, Literally what I heard was Turn off I heard was like, I literally, First Of all, I don Know who was like Harper song. I so much une. He set it up, He put the auto tune behind her voice. I never claimed to be a makes master producer.


Josh said, Harper, You can sing good, but I'm gonna make you a rapper. Yeah, No. And, and then, and then everybody's like, why is there so much autotune? I was like, I didn't choose that. You did choose that. Are you? You would've Wait. Why do we have to put autotune on it? 'cause she's too nice to tell you. I Don't want our tune. Nah, nah. It's her song. She could have been like, Hey, let me see. Without autotune, we turned it off. That wasn't gonna happen. Really? We had, we had to crank that baby to 101. No, ca didn't even know it went that high. Cas just didn't want to be the only one on the song autotune. But we'll have a Aing off Harper go. Oh, this is not good. Oh God. Okay Guys. Queen, this is like, this is like, oh, you go babe, you I feel like we're in pitch. Perfect. Oh, queen, you started out.


So you start. Okay, Okay, okay. Yeah. I sound the exact same when I sing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it starts off like, Piper Piper, rock Cowboy. No, no. It starts with Piper. I didn't wanna write this song about you, but Oh dang. This one was easy. It really came from the heart. It feels so Trash. Stop. Don't cough on her help On her interrupted her solo. She has contamination Ooc, you don't Do that. And, and with all that said and done, I really hope you enjoy this song you're talking. And if you don't, I honestly don't care. Piper Rock. Hell, more like Piper get rocked. I, We checked your comments recently. It's never gonna stop. Why he gonna fight me? I'm only 14. Yeah, but guess what Babe is a new queen B. This new queen. A new queen BA new queen.


Everybody sing it. Well, my part was kinda like a chant, like supposed to sound auto toy. Like it was supposed to sound like a robot. Oh. So like, that was my part. Like, I literally sang my part like this. There's a new queen. Bang. No, no, no. You were like, I saw you in the, there's no queen Bang that I never tried to chat so many times. He's like, there's a new queen. Shut up. I probably, you guys are probably right. And then He was like, no, that would sound good. So finally Chase was like, I think you should just stay one this new queen one note. Can y'all just do a riff off? Yeah. Pitch perfect style. Yeah. Pitch perfect style. We'll clap for y'all. You first Wait hell.


Oh, no wait, that was kind of good. Was always Say that to me bro. Stop saying that. That's no, because I think that Hear you try so many different things on the mic and like no, 95% of the things that they try don't sound great. What the fuck? You gotta, no. Y'all should see Kate on the microphone. Y'all should see Kate on the mic. Y'all throw so much shade over there. I'm glad I'm over here. This is cute. Crazy. You, when you sing good, you sing good. But you guys spent so much time like what you just did. That was good. But you guys spent a lot of Time. Nah, I was good. You thought that was good? Hey guys, y'all Oh no. Hey, stop bullying each other. Yeah, go like that. That, oh no.


Oh yeah. You like that me up? Come on. No, I don't like it anymore. Tell me how great I am. No. Oh no. You in the come out. Oh no. Okay. The comments. The comments. Glory. Okay. Stop. Please stop. No, because I hear you in the studio. Both Of y'all. No one encourage him. Y'all please. Nobody encourage him. It's so bad. Listen, Y'all Try so to be take this news can news it. Let say at the end, a gospel movie be helpful. Okay. I guess he hid that note, but like, not in a good way. I Don't, he hit it like he punched the do the do the do the My name is George.


I don know that. I know that. Yeah. My name is Regina George and I am from One Direction. Is that it? No, it's, Maybe it's through She Walks. That's song that that that's hot. Stole through the door. We passed the guys. No, no. They always make the faces just like she already want it. And I say, can you give it back to me? She said, never in Dreams. And we danced all night. Best song. Best song ever. She knew every now I can't remember. Oh, okay. So I say, oh, I think it went Oh, oh, oh.


I think it went. Oh yeah. That's how that song goes. Let's see, let's see. Okay. I actually try to sing it, but I need like a song I Can actually sing. Okay. Do old camera K always tries to get me to sing and I just can't. I'm gonna, Hey, that's not bad. Do we to keep going. Wait, can you shut up with that line, bro? I swear if I hear you say that one more time, you like, Oh, I'm gonna to s My wait. No. Oh, I'm gonna tick. Wait, let's see, let's scene. Yeah, everybody put your earplugs in real quick. Ready? Ready. Here we go. Wait, actually, do you want us to Probably for your own sake. All right. Ready guys, I'm gonna sing now. Here we go. Okay, I'll, I'll sing our new song that's coming out.


I'm so sorry everyone. This is our new song that will be coming out. I'm so sorry. In the near future. All right, ready? Oh no, you wait, wait, wait. Not yet. Not yet. Because you know me better. Not yet. I'm not on myself when I'm lasting. I'm looking for help. Is that good? Listen, well, well the comments will decide. They're gonna judge you so hardcore. So Eddie, ready? I'm looking for, oh, that was not good. Hey, I thought it was pretty good. You remember that party? What party They Say. Oh my gosh. Were they tried to kill him? Dude, that was so, I have saved a man's life and I have never been credited for it. That's crazy. I have never been credited for saving this man's life.


Actually, now that I'm thinking about it on your phone. I don't even, I don't even know if he told me. Thank you. He couldn't, doesn't he even know though? He couldn't talk. He doesn't remember I don talk map. He wasn't, he wasn't conscious. I, I went, I went, I was in la I'm like 16 years old, 17 years old. I'm in LA My friends are like, pull up to this house party. Acon party, right? Yeah. It's, it's, it's acon. I don Dunno if you guys know what Bitcoin is, it's like this YouTube's event. They're like, pull up to this, to this Airbnb party. I pull up and I'm there. It's, it's not a very good party. You know, people are doing bad things at this party. And I get there and I'm like, this is not the type of party I thought it was.


So I was just gonna go home and Oh, was there no, like pretty girl she could kiss what the No, no. They said it was a fun party besides that. Like, there was a guy, we were taking money from the guys with the dollar, remember? Oh yeah, yeah. But I go out to the backyard and they're all like, just, just like, there's like 40 people talking. They're all like, just throw him in the pool. I'm like, wait, what? They're all no. And they're all like, just throw him in the pool. I was like, yeah. We throw him in the pool and I go over there and it's one of my like, friends slash acquaintances, like, I'm not like best friends with him or anything, but you know who he is. But yeah, I've seen him around, had some conversations with him. He's another like creator, right? He's completely unconscious.


Ow like I'm talking ow like I'm talking like this, but not even sitting. He's on the ground, intoxicated, gone. He's laying on the ground. Completely gone. I've never seen someone so gone in my life. And I was like, you lift his arm up. And I was just like, no. Literally. I was like, yeah. Like they're all about to throw him in the pool. Like that'll wake him up. I was like, yo, hey, wake up. He's gonna drown nothing. I started, I started lifting up his arm, dropping him, everything. I started, I started like punching his arm. I was like, I was like, wake up. I'm yelling at him, punching his arm. Like, wake up, wake up, they're gonna kill you. Wake up. Nothing. And all these people that were under the influence were like, we're gonna throw him in the pool. Like, no, no, no.


That's okay. That's okay. That's so bad. 'cause I'm like the only non influence person there. But I thought you were an influencer and all them are, you know, drinking the Pepsi. And I, but I wasn't. And it was just me and my other friend. And I was like, dude, I think it might have been Parker there. I don't know. But I was like, okay. I was like, it's okay. Well I'll take him home. I'll take him home. So I, I texted her call his two best, his two best friends that I know. And I was like, Hey, I got y'all's homie here. They're trying to kill him. They're trying to kill him. They're trying to sacrifice him. But I told him no to the sacrifice, but you should come get him because, and they're like, it turned into a mob.


And I was like, what do you, what do you want me to do with it? Because like, this is a 200 pound man, just, just here. And they're like, can you bring him back to the hotel? I was like, I guess so. Oh, we Ever tell this story? This is the funniest thing. This is a secret story. Like, nobody knows this story. Me and I never, I forgot about this story until you brought up me and these three guys, we all grab a limb. I grab like an arm, an arm and a leg and a leg. We all grab a limb and we order an Uber. And the Uber comes and we're carrying this guy outside and he hanging him like this Bra. And we all got a, we're carrying him.


And the Uber driver's like, no, no, I don dunno what's happening, but no. And we were like, no, no, he is our friend. And now he's like, Uhuh, I, I got, I Can, I got deny wrong. I'm like, no, no, he's alive. Okay. He he's not dead. That's so funny. And He, I had to talk to him for a minute and he finally agreed to let him in. So I put him in like the middle of the backseat. But for, for reference cash wasn't that big at this point. It's like you trying to put cash in car? Yeah, car. Oh yeah. I was small. I was like 16. Yeah. And, and this kid was this kid, big boy. Not like huge, but like, he's a little fat guy. What's his name? Probably 200 pounds. I can't say. I'll say with Her. No, You don't know him? No.


Don't we'll tell you after. Yeah. We can't say not nobody, we can't. I'll show you. Who you I put him in the Uber. No, no, no show. Show her after. Okay. She might know kind of. She might know. I will know. No, She won't know either way. I put 'em in the, I put him in the middle seat of the back Uber. It's just like a normal little car. And I'm on one side and my friend's on the other, and I forgot it was either my friend Michael or my friend Parker that were with us. I forgot. And I, We put him in the middle seat and he's just on leaning on me like this. Like, oh, he's gone. And I'm like this. I've never, I didn't, I didn't know it was actually possible for someone to physically, like I'm talking to coma, like, you cannot wake him up no matter what you do. You can throw him in a pool, you could punch him, You can do anything. He's gone. And he's, he's, he's not with us anymore. You're like, You can having to check if he's still breathing.


You're like, yeah, you still alive. And I was like, and he's just leaning on me the whole ride. And I'm like, ugh. And then I got thrown to my friend. He was like, and then when you get tired, he'd throw back to me and we pull up to the hotel and me and my buddy and his other two best friends come out the, the dead guy's best friends. And we have to pull him through a hotel like this. And everybody's just looking at us like, So I think it's funnier that y'all were literally children, like 16 year olds doing this. Like, it wasn't like y'all were like mid twenties. Like y'all were like Absolute. It's actually like Zach and Cody, like you're just pulling the guy through the lobby. But the guy that, like, the guy that was unconscious, he was probably like 20. Oh he was? Yeah, he was was older than I didn't really, he was older.


He was like probably three years, three or four years older than me. But yeah, I saved his life. I don dunno if he ever texted me thank you or anything, but welcome. Probably not. He probably didn't know it was you. He probably thought he made it home. An unsung hero. I'm gonna text him actually. Yeah, I'm gonna text him and be like, Hey, so I did save your life. Like, did you know I saved your life? Like, just curious. I'll invoice you. So an invoice. Okay. These books are one of the most uncomfortable chairs I've set on yet. Well, You should just get off of 'em. Hmm. Oh Man. Oh no, no. Please be careful with them. And it helps Kate. It's hurting me more than it's hurting you. No it's Not though. That's the thing. Physically, I mean, Can you maybe just get off my books now? You got, you made your joke. You sat on my books. Ha ha. So funny.


You caught one of my books on fire and I'll just stop sitting on 'em. Now put that through your arms. Can you please put it through your arms? That's, That's so bad for your, for my books And my butt. Trust me. My butt is okay. I'm my butt is getting some knowledge. I'm just Inspect my, but after and if they're messed up, I'm gonna buy new ones. That's fine. What? Why can't it didn't hurt the words. Words still there. Well, because actions don't hurt your words. What? How, how does that mean? Actions hurt more than words. Just, just try to put it to, but the actions aren hurting and I just stand, I'll stand by that until the day I die. Actions do not hurt. Wait, words do not hurt more than actions. Yeah, actions hurt way more. I even Got hit by a car that hurts More.


No, I'm thinking I could, I could say whatever I wanted to Harper right now to try to hurt her feelings. But you could say a lot of things and hurt her feelings. But if I threw this at Harper, I promise you this is gonna hurt more. Don't do it actually. Please do it. Yeah. What happened to the neighborhood? Was there an earthquake? Our neighborhood is Cruel. Prince Is under what? God's wrath. Wait, what? Because did you know that our neighborhood was built on a hill? Yeah. So you know how all those houses keep getting struck by lightning? Yeah. You remember how I told you that? You remember how I told you this a long time ago? Yeah.


But okay, but that's not the end of the story. No. Okay. So you know how that one caught on fire? No. Yeah. Yeah. So you remember, you know, you know with me and you and Alex and Kate were all here sleeping and, and we all, and we heard, we woke up and said God I'm sorry, I'm jumping. Please go kill me. And we heard we were sleeping like a month ago and we heard Ka boom and we were like, the whole house woke up and we were like, oh my gosh. Yeah. So it turns out three doors down their house caught on fire. Oh wow. The fire department showed up and everything. And their house, like they, they can't live in it for like six months now. 'cause the com like it burnt.


Like it burnt. Burnt. It's like gone. No, it's not gone. But like it, it burnt from the inside out. Like the one guy, because the wires from the electric cable, it caught the electrical on fire. So it burned like inside the house? Just engulfed. It was in No, outside. Looks fine. Inside. P what? Yeah, outside the house. They cooked it from the inside. That's like a microwave, huh? That's not what Charlotte told me. Charlotte's our elderly neighbor. Oh, Charlotte, what did Charlotte tell you? Charlotte knows all the, all the juice In the neighborhood. Charlotte does know all the juice in the neighborhood. I will say, what did Charlotte say? Charlotte said that it wasn't the flames, it was the water damage from the firemen. Putting the fire Charlotte. Oh. Knows nothing. Well, so, but c there was a fire. Yeah, there was a fire. It sounds like a pretty bad fire.


My house was struck by lying the hole. Listen guys, Texas is in like super flat. Like it's super flat. Like from our house though, we live like 20 miles away from Dallas. We're on the only hill. Like, I'm not, like, I'm not a mountain like a hit like this. Like it goes, it's a little hill. We're on a hill, but everything else is so flat 20 miles away. We can see Dallas, we can see Fort Worth the skyline at night. We can see the lights, we can see everything. Yeah, we can see everything as far as You can see. But anyways, the crazy part about this is how the house freaking caught on fire. But because we're on that hill lightning. Yes. And we, we like, after the house caught, literally caught on fire, we were like, what? And we get on the neighborhood page. Apparently this neighborhood, which was only built like seven or eight years ago, three houses have caught on fire from lightning in this neighborhood.


I'm here. Find The one photo over the house. Okay. So, okay, so listen. Hey guys, there's only about a hundred houses in this neighborhood. So you're telling me I should put that back in. I should probably, should probably put that thing back in. I was like, how have three houses been struck in our a hundred house neighborhood? Yeah. Yeah. We gotta put those smoke alarms back up. We gotta install sprinkler system. Yeah. So our house definitely catching on fire and we're like at the peak of the point too. Yeah. We're like the highest part. And I was like, we're lucky it hit the lower people and not us. But you're seeing a couple houses over. We literally are, it's like two. It, The lighting just went away. Or we, we would be on fire right now. And the craziest part is, is all of us woke up. I woke up, Kate woke up.


Maverick woke up. Alex woke up. We all woke up to this. Kaboom. Which clearly like shook the whole house, man. Like it clearly could've hit our house. We thought. I was like, wow. It sounds like it was literally right outside our house. Sounds like Heres how, here's how loud it was. All of our car alarms were went off. Yeah. The whole, all the car alarms were like, whoa. Like 3:00 AM and I'm just outside looking out my window. Like, this is not good. This is something, you know, something's going on. Know what's really stupid of us. What, what per you None of us checked to see if our house was on fire. Well, no, no, no. I, We, I got and looked around, I was like, it looks fine. We all just, we all just went back to bed was like, wow, that lighting could have literally shook, struck our house. You're telling me after lighting struck your house, you're gonna Go outside and check. I mean no three houses down, they were burning.


I'm not going out to look. That's how I died. What I get struck, struck my house once you just struck us. Stayed in the house and I Go outside, Be standing in The water. Like no, you, our grandpa got struck by lightning twice. What? Yes. My mom, the odd to that. My Mom's baseball friend. Yeah. Our grandpa Got of being struck by lightning twice. No, no. He did. Our grandpa we're Also being struck by lightning twice in one day are extremely low. One Day you would be, one day I would be so mad if I got struck by lightning twice.


And that same day I got struck by lighting again. But why is that even an option? Twice? You want like, like what It says, the odds are one in 13,000, which Is a that I thought it would be. That's that. You're telling me 13,000 people, one of 'em came hit twice in one day in a day. There's no way this is possible. There's No way. I hope I don't ever get struck by lightning 'cause I really don't wanna like, Sorry. Hi. Let's see. What are you sending me, Alex? Okay, well I'm waiting. I don't see nothing.


Okay. If I Can show This the lighting twice, dude, that'd be so bad. Should I Screen record? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Wait. Heartbreak. Yeah. Can you, this man got struck By lighting twice. No way. On video. Oh. Oh, hey down. No, He's down. No, this poor man and oh God. How long does he sit? He gotta get up. Get up, dude. It match what he's thinking. Well, he's probably out shaking Again. Come on. Stop. Oh, he's getting up. Don't move. No, just stay there. There's no Way. There's no way it hits him Again if it hits him again.


He's just like to go. He, he's just Wait. The video's long. We're almost there. Oh, are we? Yeah. Oh my gosh. Come on. No. Is he getting back up? Yeah, he is going to his car. He's like covering His head. Did it get him again? Yeah, I looked away right when I caught him again. Dude, how? Just don't get, how you get struck by lightning twice in a like, bro, the 60 seconds, not twice in one day. Twice the 60 seconds get, don't cover his head. Like, please don't hit me. You're not Supposed to Get up if you get struck by head. Dude. No. What if that wasn't caught on camera? No one will believe him. I got struck. Okay. And then like 30 seconds down like, yo, I got and struck me again.


I mean he would show the battle scar And everyone would be like, okay dude. Okay. Imagine dude back in the old days and I just got pissed. There's no shot. No one's believing you, you know my house, the house I grew up in got struck by lightning. And then you know what also happened? My house did too. No, it didn't. Yeah, It didn't. No on video. And the tree next to our house also got struck by lightning twice. What? And then the other tree. Are you just throwing twice out there? No, no, no. It got struck by lightning twice. And then the other tree got struck by lightning as well. So You're telling me right next to our house, your house, your tree tries twice your other tree and your grandpa twice. And These trees are, and these trees are Yeah. I just wouldn't go to that house.


Honestly. That was, that's right. Not a good idea in a storm. Yeah. If you don't wanna get struck by lightning, do not show up to our house. But dude, that terrifies me. Knowing that my house can get struck by lightning or did get struck by lightning. No. And it could just be out of fire and I would just go back to sleep. No, like your house is on fire. Your Smoke alarms Will go off. Well if you were awake, you would have to jump out the window. The s Alarms will go off. Maybe not Maverick's. 'cause Maverick unplugged his, but ours would go off. Wait guys, what would happen if, if like we, like what if we had to jump out of the window? Oh, me, I'd be fine. I'd be chilling. I used to plan that when I was a kid. How I would do it. Yeah, me too. How I Wouldn't, how I didn't wanna open my window. You know how You can like slide your window up and open it?


I would like mentally prepare. Like I'm gonna grab that chair and smash my window so I Can get out. Oh, I still do that. Low key. Sometimes the bed. No, think we would just slide our window open. You know, Maverick? What? When, when we were growing up, we had a bedroom and then when we got older we wanted separate bedrooms. So my parents built a wall, like an actual wall in between our bedrooms. Wait, what did I do? But no, not you. So then we only had one window. In one window in our bedroom. But when we built the wall, I got the window and Maverick had no window. So Maverick had a bedroom with no window. So he looked like a ghost. So yeah, there was no, yeah. Basically lived in a closet and they built a sliding door in between our rooms. So he would have a fire escape.


Aw, But you had two doors anyway. You had three doors in your bedroom. Yeah, but like, no windows over there. He had three doors and no window. Listen, our house that constructively. Okay. It wasn't the most thought out, I guess. Kate, we're not telling you anything until you tell me something. Oh My gosh. You know exactly how I found out. Did did you take it off and look at it? No. Then how would I No phone exactly how you found out. No. She cheated in a way That we before. Don't know. Yes, y'all do. How y'all know good and well. Who told me? Alex told you. Harper. Harper. No, Harper. Why would I tell let her Harper? What?


What? What? Why would I tell Kate that she's a professional crop duster? I would not do that. I would not do that. Trust me. Tape her mouth. Tape her mouth. She has been So why did you seal it? I wish it was me. This is, this is insane. Okay, Matt, what? What other house do we have? Oh, who wants a hat? Me. Okay. No, no. Me first. Me first. Okay. No, I'll let you put this one on cash. Ooh, it's green. What's it say? Wait. All right. I gotta switch hats guys. I'm gonna miss this one. You know what's bad is that his hat is not a lie.


It's not, it's a, it's, it's actually he's been there. The truth. Really? Yeah. It's the truth and nothing. But there nothing but the truth. All these hats are true, by the way. Oh my God. All of these hats are true. What does it say? Facts. They're Facts. You have to guess without cheating. Yes brother. It's a fact. Does it say Tuesday does? Wait, is it actually, we gave you some hint. Gimme some hint. What does that mean? Tuesday? Tuesday? I'm Looking that up. Tuesday. Let her look it up. What? Yeah, you're actually gotta look it up Tuesday. Like what? Yeah, you're not gonna find it guys. We should put tape on one of the, one of their legs. Or one of our legs and like rip it off. Okay. Except for I'm professional. Hey, wait, wait, wait. Can I put it on your leg? No. 'cause that one's was already warm.


Warm? Okay, well wait, what does it mean, Harper, for you? Ready for your hat? Yes. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Gimme hints about mine. Oh, hints about your hat. It's green. I already know that. Okay. The words are in red? No. Okay. I need like, it's like what? It says. It's an activity. You do? Yep. You do this activity. How often? What do you Do in the summer? How Often I do it in the summer? No. What? Yeah. Yeah. You do it in the summer. Only In the summer, yeah. Pretty Much. What else do you do in Occasionally if it's cold out and you have one, then you'll do it. What the Yep, yep, yep. If you have access to, I mean, but that's not really this, but it's kind of this is it an activity? Yep. You make it an activity. Let's play 21 questions about my hat.


Okay. Okay. Okay. So I'm about, keep track of the 21 questions, okay? Okay. Ready? Alex? Just keep it track. Is it, oh, it's an activity. Okay. Yep. So does it involve running? No, it does not. He could, I mean, no, it does not. Okay. Don't confuse him. Does it involve a like listen, listen. You're the only person I know that does this. Does it involve like my body? Yes. Yes. Really? Does it involve, I don't really even know what I meant by that. Does it involve the, Hmm. My arms? No. No.


Does it involve the top half of my body? No. No. Does it involve the bottom half of my body? Yes. Oh, Why? Why did you, why did you waste one of your questions? Does it involve, if it didn't involve the top half, it obviously involves the bottom half. Okay. You're right. I didn't have to ask the bottom half because that means obviously it's the bottom half. How many questions yet? Five. Okay. He's chilling. Is it something many people do? No. Just you? No, I mean It's, if they do, we're gonna say no. No. If you ask people, they'll say no. Oh, okay. Is it something like, is it like, wait, why? Only me? What? That doesn't make. Okay. Is it something, I mean, some weird People is, dude, why is something only you and your friends would do?


Rephrase it. Oh, After they find this. Do mature people not do it? No. No. Definitely not. Too mature people. Not do kids do it? Yes. Yes. Oh, hip down. Kids do it in the summer. What the, does it involve a summer activity? Yes. Yes. Okay. How many questions you got? Seven. Nine. Nine. Okay. It's gotta be hot out to do it. Okay. We're only playing to 11, so you gotta hurry. What the fuck? Yeah. Have two questions. So 11 questions. What? You can't tell me that at eight. Sorry. Doesn't involve water. We're at nine, not eight. Does it involve water? Yes. Yes.


Last question. Last one. Is it pee in pools? Yes. Let's Go. Ka. That is me. D Harper. I ain't touching that hand. No D dio. I wouldn't touch that. I I ain't touching that hand. Why about this hand? We probably pee in the pool with it and then swim around. Nope, nope, nope. You're probably like, huh? Wait, you d me up. What was that noise? Harper? He's probably like, That's Harper, sir. Catch the, you did Harper her his hat. Her hat. Kidding. He probably makes that noise. Rob, How did you go from amateur to professional crop duster? Wait, wait, wait. What was the, what was the journey like? What was the journey like going from beginner to professional?


I don't, your first time. What, what made you think this is for me? I'm gonna keep doing this. You personally, bro. I'd be doing it. I told Alex today, I, We were walking through Olive Garden and I was like, dude, I just cro dusted this whole place. That's Like gross cash. I know. I felt bad. I was just walking by people's tables and I was like, oh no. That's crazy. Ready? All right, let's go. Oh god, that's not good. Oh, that actually. Oh no. That doesn't feel good. I thought it wasn't gonna stick. Stick now. Pull Off on your shelf. No, Harper. You gonna pull it off? It's still Harper. You pull it off. Okay, Nice. And Pull the other side off. Wait, hold on.


Gimme, I'm so soft. Did not go so soft. I Can look at My hair. Oh, oh, Your babies. My hair is all over this thing. It's gonna take you forever to regrow that. Oh, that one didn't really hurt. Why? Oh, I thought it would try again. I'm okay. Where you guys, I'm gonna see if I Can show this to you. Look at this. Ew. Ew. Yeah. Gross It gross. Do the bag of his. Like that's where it sticks for some odd reason. I wonder why. Well, I've lost hair today. Harper lost hair today. Yeah. Saved this Morning. Lose hair today.


I went to the dentist today. I'm not joking. I went to the dentist today. Oh, That's the worst man. That's why I actually have like, I, that's the one thing that actually scared me. The dentist took a point. I went to sleep with latex gloves on me. Both my hands because I have warts and I have to put special. Wait, wait what? I sleep with latex gloves. What does this have to do with the dentist? Well let me finish my story and maybe if you don't interrupt, you'll Find out Who texted you? A girl. I like that you automatically think it's a girl. It probably is. It's a Dude. Kate just farted. I Kate it stings. Okay. Who farted anyways? I have to sleep with latex gloves on me. 'cause I have to put cream on my hands and then I gotta put them in the gloves. You said what? To sleep at night?


Yeah. War doctor's orders and then that crazy. Yes, Dr. The The latex. The latex. Like, it smells like I'm at the dentist so I have to sleep. Like I'm, I feel like I'm at the dentist. It's horrible. What does, does that mean if you sleep like this? I do actually. 'cause in my underbite I'm a put like cotton balls in your mouth. You're like, oh, that's my least favorite thing about the dentist. Oh, oh, cotton balls. Oh, Can we please that? It Basically wanna throw up in gas. Same, same Can Like Other people don't like the tools in their mouth. I don't really care about that. But the cotton balls gimme such a weird feeling. And I'm Like, well You can cotton balls in your mouth every time you go. I've never Had them. Well they just have 'em there. You can put 'em in your mouth if you want. I think of it like elf, when you, I can't think about cotton balls in my mouth or when like a towel squeaks.


No, it's ugh for me. What, What towel squeaks when you got the shower and it hurts your fingers and you like squeak it. What do, what on earth are you talking about? Wait, do you guys like wanna hear it? What are you talking about? It's Like the towel rack. Like when it's the Towel? No, no, no. It's like, it's like, Oh No. What? It's an Oh I hate, I hate like scratch. I know what she's talking about, but I don't get from that Scratching. Like Why are you rubbing your towel together? Scratch. No, no, but like, you know like, like for me the biggest, the big, what's it called? Like the chills? Yeah, like the biggest chill for me it Makes my teeth hurt. Is sharpie on a paper. If you like skip it. Like What? Oh that gives me the shivers. Chalkboards don't really, I Can see you getting shivers right now. I am. Maverick has some bad sugar addiction.


Kate, what are you doing? What? I was fixing my, it ain't no sugar Addiction. Girl. You got sugar cookie? No, you got sugar Cookie. I don't got no sugar cookie addiction or sugar addiction. Do you have all these more than you do? No. No. Look at, oh hold on. Wait, I gotta send this Lookie. Looky. I've got a cookie. Look at how bad if a sugar addiction map has. Wait, I haven't seen this. Yeah, we're at Olive Garden today. He grabs a sugar packet and just eats it. That's what I lowkey with Sweet though. That's what I'm saying. Straight sugar. Thank you. Sweet ate. It's a good thing we got that in eggs. Eggs easy. Why did, did you do that slices? Huh? Why did you do that? Why did I do that? How about, how about you look at this man as we walk out of Olive Garden.


Let see. Robbing the entire bowl. He took every piece of chocolate. Yeah, I know this. All the chocolate, walk chocolate as you walk out, they have like this big seat through cup and I took the cup and did pour the whole thing in my hand and I sat it down and there was like one left and I went to go grab the last one because you need that one. And the manager walked up, but he didn't see all the other ones in my other hand. And I went to go grab the other one and he goes, trick or treat. And I was like, yeah, just take 'em on. Come at me. I asked some of your fans on the, on Instagram what they want us to ask you. Oh. And for some reason the one of the top ones was, are you and Brie really married? Are we really married? Oh wow. Yes. No, it's actually been a ruse this whole time.


To get more views. Yeah, exactly. No, actually six years coming up May 12th. Oh, pretty exciting. That's incredible. It's, oh, you wanna know something crazy math. But never my realtor was at your wedding. No. Yeah. What? Yeah. Which one? Chris? He was he. Oh. He was like, yeah, I know another YouTuber that lives that lives around here. I was like, oh what's his name? He's like, oh. And then he finds it and I was like, oh, no way. But I guess he knew like your wife's like friend or something. I don't know his name's. Wait, that's so cool. His name's Chris Swan. I don know what is it? So probably on, probably on Bri side then, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's sick. I had no idea. That's crazy. So crazy. Yeah. Small world. I know it's, yeah. Apparently we also found out that Preston used to live in our hometown. I did is 4,000 people.


Henrie. Did Henrietta, I still dunno if he's, I still dunno if he truth. It's not Cap. What's a, what's a question that we could ask him about it? Wait, wait, wait, wait. How old were you when you lived there? I was like, oh man. 14. 1450. Okay. So like, 'cause I moved to, we moved to Indianola, which this place was so small in Oklahoma. I think the population was 150. They had a gas station and they had a K through 12 school. That's how small it was. I mean that sounds big. Oh Wow. That's Right. Right. Like it was 35 to 45 minutes to go to McAllister and people went on dates at the Walmart. That's how small this goes. Oh, there, it sounds like he's from Henrietta. All right. It was tiny. It was so small. And then went back to Texas for a year and then had to go back. Did you go to Oklahoma when you came here?


No, we came back to Fort Worth. We pretty much still big city like Oh yeah. Was to go back to Henrietta. Like That's rough. That's crazy. Ruined bit. Yeah, it was. So wait, did you go to school there? I was homeschooled my whole life. Oh. Most of my life anyways. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, so y'all probably all lived there at the same time? Yeah, but we were all homeschooled so we did Wait, wait, how old, how old are you now? I'm old dude. Okay. I'm almost 30. So how like what year? I'm nine now. What you would've been when you lived there 15 years ago. So you're probably getting some great ears. Holy cow. I know, dude. I got a bunch, almost five on the front. I got a bunch. Dude, is it crazy? No, I probably lived there. So if it was 15 years ago, we were looking at what what we in 2024, so gosh. Probably like 2009.


2009. Yeah. Wow. That's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. We all lived in Henrietta at the same time. At the same time. Here's some more questions that your fan asked. They really wanted to know a lot about you and Bri. They wanted to know how you guys met. Oh, Bri and I? Yeah. Oh, it was a blind date. No, on YouTube. Yeah. No, on YouTube. No, No. Like, like a YouTube blind date. Like I'm going to be raiding these girls like from their outfits, you know, like those like, like dating. Is that anything? You'll find love now. Yeah. Like Jubilee. What is happen happening? Are you Z? Yeah. There you go. I Can go. Are you? I'm Jen. A Jen. You're not even Gen Z. You don't even know you're Jen. She are Jen Alpha. How old are you? Oh, when Were you born? 14.


Oh, she might Be Jen. March 20th, 2009. That's Very, wow. You guys really met on a blind date. Yeah. So like Brie was a ER nurse. She worked at UT Southwestern, so she was there for a While. I looked that when I broke my toe. Did you really? Yeah, I went there and got my tonsil sliced out too. Dog. Wow. Pretty Nice. Yeah, that's, But my aunt was also a nurse there and they got along really well. And then Brie was dating somebody and then apparently vented about it to my aunt and I was like, oh, you should go on a date with my nephew. And so Bri had no idea what YouTube was or even that you could like have it as like a real career job. Yeah. And so anyways set us up on like a blind date. But I was like in Japan and I was just like, ah, I don't know. I'm like thinking about becoming a male nun. This last relationship didn't work out. I just wanna dial in on my work.


I feel that. Yeah, that's what I wanted to do. And then my mom like somehow got a picture from my aunt and was like, she looks so sweet. She bakes cookies. Could be your wife. And I was like, Yeah, sure, Sure. By then we went to coffee and then we were there for like eight hours. Oh my God. Yeah. Like 10 minutes. I was like, all right. Politics, religion, thick, everything. Oh, he did an interview. Oh yeah, I don, I was like, don't waste your time. He was like, Hmm, look, I'm efficient man. Dude, I've been working since I was like 12 and I was like, I got time. Yeah, yeah. You know? And I don't know if I wanna give it to this person. So you gotta ask like those hard questions. Yeah. Luckily we've already been through a lot of those hard questions. Yeah. So now it's like we just wanna see if we have fun when we're not like with everyone. Well there you go. I mean that's an important one too.


So how, how long did you guys date? About like three months that I proposed. Oh wow. Yeah, it's pretty good. There you go. We got all the hard stuff out on that first date. You know, my mom called the cops and thought something bad happened to me after the first date. He was, all right, you Mark called the box. All right William, you Mary, bro. That's so much it that I was like, cool, I just wanna meet the parents. Back up. You said your her mom called the cops. My mom called the cops. I what? I never dated. My mom was like, she thought I was dead, bro. Wait, wait, wait, wait. She called the cops. What do you mean? Because I didn't respond to my phone. 'cause we were like eight hours at the coffee shop. Oh. On the date. That's crazy. That's crazy. So like literally they thought like something was wrong with me or something like that. Yeah. And my friends called me and I was just like, you guys, I just went on a date, like I'm okay.


Wait, did the cops show up just an eight hour date? No. No. They kept calling him like, run my license plate number Bro. Has there been any wrecks? And I was like, no guys, After this, can you ride down the stairs on that? I mean, maybe it's a circle staircase, so probably not crush. Let's we gonna throw on the wall. So Is now, does she still work at UTS Southwestern? No. No. So Brianna always had this really big passion for musical theater. She's a phenomenal singer. Phenomenal singer. She a great actress as well. Cool. And then, so once we got married I was like, like if you want to, you know, keep pursuing your nurse practitioner degree or you know, try this YouTube thing out. Yeah. And so she was like in my content for like six months. Just kinda like helping support and just giving like extra talent. Yeah. And just, you know, doing content that you couldn't normally do if you don't have a spouse.


Yeah. Which was really fun. And then we just made her a channel and then made another channel. That's awesome. And then she really popped off and now, you know, now I'm the gold digger. Yeah. I I used to actually watch y'all. I used to watch Y all the time. Oh really? Yeah, I did. And then when she started gaming, I remember her little like what did she have a pink green screen kind of. Yeah. Yeah, you did. Yeah, I used to watch that. Hey, that's so cool. I no idea. Yes, yes. This is so yeah, So that's pretty much like the entire story. Like quick but top to bottom. So do you like shooting like YouTube videos better? Or gaming videos? Oh, you're talking about like real life versus gaming? Yeah. Yeah. I, dude, honestly it's such a fun mixture. 'cause like right now at the company we output so much content. Lots of volume. Yeah. Yeah. So like I have three gaming channels and then well actually four gaming channels and then one like real life channel.


But I'm also talent and other channels that are either gaming in real life plus socials is its own beast entirely. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So I like both to be completely honest. Yeah. Because the IRL ones really get to put you in like this really big challenge mindset depending on what you're doing most of the time they're like very difficult, grueling, like something to push you past your comfort zone. And then gaming is just so fun. 'cause it's something I'm so familiar with. Yeah. So it's hard to answer. I couldn't pick one or the other. Yeah. I like having both because of that balance. So you said you have four channels. What all do you game? Like what channels? So you've got like press in plays, which obviously is Minecraft. And then you've got Press games, which is like a variety of games. A lot of it's like horror and Roblox, popular, trendy games and Variety. Then you've got TV and R Rags, like the OG channel.


So it's like 2009 when I started this channel. Oh gosh. This one's all first person shooters. Wait, when did YouTube come out? 2009. 2006. 2009. Yeah. And that's when she was born. Oh. Oh my gosh. I didn't make YouTube videos longer than you were Born. That's crazy. Crazy. I'm the old man of YouTube's crazy there. There's not a lot of us. There's not a lot of us anymore. Oh. And Mr. Beast, He had not been making YouTube videos though. Yeah. No. Mr. Beast is crazy. He's a king of YouTube. Yeah, I know. He is great. He is great. Really? He's good to play one game for the rest of your life. One game. Give one one game for the rest of your life entirely. I'd probably say Doda. I love Doda. Really? Yeah. Is that to be ancient? I would not have guessed that. It's like a, it's like a moa. It's really, really fun.


I don What about Mario Kai? I Need to get on some games guys. No, they're, they're great. They're great. I would choose that or I'd choose like an FPS like Valant. What about Molly and Pot? Yeah, I playing Apex. You play Apex. Apex is good. Yeah. I was at the, I We went out there before it was released to the public to like play it and promote it. Oh it's really fun. He's the perfect man to ask. Alright. We had a big argument. Me, Mav, and Alex at dinner. Which game is harder to be professional at? Fortnite. Ap Or no, sorry, it was Apex or Call of Duty. Apex or Call of Duty. I mean, both of 'em are pretty similar in their own respects to be completely honest. I would say Apex would be a little bit easier. Only, only reason Mal was right. It just depends though. Like you're talking about like our War zone professional or like the typical Call of Duty professional place.


Like Search and Destroy. Yeah, probably. Which one? Like Search and Destroy or War Zone. I mean, I think you'd have to do War Zone 'cause you're doing Yeah. Be closer by the way House. Yeah. So yeah. War Zone or, or Apex. Yeah. I would still say that Apex is has less of a learning curve. Yeah. Little bit less of a learning curve. Yeah. I don't even know what like a and X are on the controller. I I don, I know Gang Beast is so hard. You gotta play mouse and keyboard guys. Wait, what do, what do you play? I don't have a controller at my house. No. So what do you play like Gang Beast? On My friend and Alpharetta, I play gang. We on hers? No. You use like a PS five and Xbox. It's a phone. Xbox. Oh Yeah. Xbox. Yeah. Yeah. So do you play games like in your free time for fun?


Or are you just kind Of like, oh no, I still play games. I free time. Oh. Oh yeah, like anime. It's like either like anime, like bible video games or like really good like indie card games. Yeah, indie card games. What's that? Yeah, like what's it indie card games You can play like here to Slay like the game. It's basically like video game card games almost. Oh, okay. Where it's like, okay, like you draw this deck and like if you get six different types of heroes You can win. Or if you slay these three monsters You can win. Okay. Like D and D? No, not D and d. Like, these games are quick, like five, 10 minutes. Oh, okay. Do you have an Oculus? Yes, we have. Well no, we have a bequest. Oh, Cool. Yeah. Like wait, wait. Do you, what games do you play on there? None. None? None Right now. Really? I like to play Rec room.


Oh, rec Room Is fun. Yeah. Rec room. Yeah. Rec record Room. Yeah. I play Those. Yeah. I like record room 'cause I like meet new people and then like, and they're actually real people, not just bots. And also it scares me sometimes though. 'cause Medi Quest is great. We just did a huge partnership with them for the Medi three. I Yeah, it's, they're, they're awesome. I just haven't had time to like Set it up and play it. Yeah, set it up. Yeah. No. Yeah. It's really fun. And what's it called? I love playing dodgeball and paintball and, and my mom, she, I walk in like, I walk into the living room and I just see her. Your mom's playing? No, I walk. No. Yeah, I walk into the Living room. You gotta watch out. I've seen those tiktoks. She's playing Beat Saber. Yeah, she's playing Beat Saber. And I'm like, mom, make me lunch please. And she's over here making Beat Sa her mom's a servant. Is that Harper?


Have you ever made lunch for your Mom? Yes. Have what? Like on Mother's Day? Was it good? No. Are you lying? Yeah. Are you lying though? No. No. Mom, I made you lunch. Am I right? Like Yeah. Yeah. Mom remember Mom said no. Harper taking her up. Like Chick-fil-A doesn't count Harper. No, No. I have like, I When you're sick, When you're sick, I, I gave you like a, some stuff like a sandwich gave cold. You don't watch any anime Harper? No, no, no. No Dog. Why not Anime? You have to ask them what anime is. You know what anime is? Ask Kim specifically. Dude, I know what anime, they don't like anime. He tried saying like, SpongeBob is anime Sponge Dog. And we were like dogs.


No, no, no. Amy Anime is just cartoon. It's animation. Animation. That's crazy, dude. But anime is different than animation. How is SpongeBob different from Pokemon? It's Vastly different besides like, obviously the storyline and like the things, but it's like, it's like saying like a horror movie and a comedy. Like they're both movies. Like, oh man, this is crazy man. You gotta get educated, my guy. Okay, what, so what's animated? Like the popular animation walk Off Dog. I mean the most lightly popular anime is obviously one piece. Like Bar Ball Time. I've heard NATO and Fireball. OG Fireball, P Shoe Anime. Fireball Z, dragon Ball Z. Oh, dragon Ball Z. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh no. This guy's so offensive right now. This is crazy. Actually wanna have like, if you wanna have your mind blown and get lost in these such unique worlds and parallels, when you're ready to grow up, you'll watch anime. Oh, that's pretty much how it is. Do you read anime books? Manga. Whoa. That is, that's what that is. I don know what that is. Mangos what? I go Oh, that's like the, that's what it's called. Yeah. This called Mon. I thought that was like a specific anime book. This is crazy. It's like, it really is a whole new world. Is that why you go to Japan? Well, I mean, the culture's cool too. I feel like you go to Japan a lot. No, because you said you went to Japan. I've gone twice. Yeah, we just, we got back like a few weeks ago. Oh, okay. No, the culture's just super cool.


I mean, obviously it's super safe and public transport's so cool. There's so much to do. I mean, you'll never get tired of doing things. Wait Gi know je bros. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I really like Watching Dany Bros are really cool too. Yeah, I love watching bro. Yeah, but seriously, you actually need to like unlock both of you. Like, if you wanna really like unlock your creativity, you have to watch the anime. Anime. And Rena made fun of me for years actually. And then now she watches it alone. Yeah. So that's how good it is. Okay. Yeah. You gotta like, start with something great. Like start with I'll stick with like victorious and iCarly, you know. But look, You can rot your brain if you want or You can. Yeah. Hey, all right. I don. Or You can upgrade. Why Don Anime you? My Kate? Because I go to the bookstore and I always see Manga is what I thought it was.


And I'm like, what the freak is Manga? Like it's Manga. Yeah, mangas. Like the, they have like manga light novels and so they obviously like, these are like the illustrators and the creators and then often they get adapted into anime. That's crazy. Which is really cool. So like, I finished Juujitsu Jiujitsu Kaisen last night. So it's like a Manga Jiujitsu? Yeah. Juujitsu Kaisen. Oh, it's a show. It's an anime. Oh. But like, it's like only on season two. Or You can pick up where the anime ends and then read the manga and then continue to, you know, read about the story before it's animated. Oh yeah. That's awesome. 'cause they were these chapters usually like every single week. Yeah, dude, I tried, I tried to get into an You got the wrong one. One watched. Literally You were obsessed with, what do you mean? I watched Hunter X Hunter a hundred Hunter is great and, and I liked it.


But I I That's not a great starting anime though. I think every guy watches Anime. I liked it a little bit. I tried like are you watching also in dub or are you watching it in Subbed? I'm watching the English version. Yeah, that's, that's trash because everybody Whoa. Like this. Whoa, whoa. Wait. Yeah. It's me. Killa? Yes. Do you speak? No Japanese. He watch, he reads it Japanese. I don't speak it. No. Sometimes. Oh, you, I mean I Can get around with like, some, some basic phrases, but No. Yeah, you gotta watch 'cause the, the, the the inflection and the emotion and like the original Wait, so you watch it in the other language? Yeah, of course The other language. But You can't understand it. Oh, they're subtitles. Subtitles. But then why wouldn't you just watch it in English? Because it does, it's not the same man. 'cause like, it's like lip synced. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


It's like lip syncing and the emotion isn't there. Okay. It's pretty bad. Yeah. And he actually sat like I'm telling you bro. You, I'll say, I'll say, I'll show you two clips. When I watch shows like squid games in English, I love quid games. It drives me crazy that their lips are off and everything that, that drives me of the wall. See if you think like Squid games, which is a creative show, like animes are like 50 times more creative Really? 'cause you have limitations with animation. And if you wanna get into something easy, like Studio Ghibli is like the Disney version of anime and they've got a lot of fantastic shows that You can watch. Cool. Like House Moving Castle. Yeah. There's so many good ones. But like, I promise you'll get in there. If you had to pick one of us Solan plane, who you picking? Wait, say it one more time. If had to pick He doesn't know us dog. Yeah, but just off natural instinct.


All right, perfect. If you had to pick one of a still a plane, who you picking out of us for? Oh wow. I harbor you're out. I'm do, I'm gonna do elimination style. I, We like to build a little tension for a thing that we call retention. Okay. Yeah. Sorry Harper, you're gone. Yeah. I mean then we either, can we go with the stereotype here? I mean like, hey, what kind of dexterity level here? Well when you, he's not going off. Look what, what would work? Kate would flip out. Well when You were like talking about the side of the plane, just talking about it mean my hand sweaty. How long have you had your license for? I'm 19. So So three years maybe? Yeah, three years. Okay. Okay. No, Just, alright, I'm gonna say Kate's out as well.


Yeah, right now it's a, now it's a 50 50 At this, this moment in time. I'm top two. Marick already Go with that top two. Ooh. This's some big one dude. Yeah, I've already made it. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say cash is eliminated. What? Mad I You m let's go. That's what we said last time too. It was Mav. He mad. No one's picked it because I didn't know what Anna was. Come on. He has a believe in me that believes in you homie. No. Yeah. I could definitely trust Mav more than cash. 'cause I feel like cash should like make it a game. Yeah, they choose. Right. And you do barrel rolls and sl like Stop. Let's see how far to the ground we can get before I actually have to stop the plane. Yeah. Yeah. That At least means I'm copilot if I'm singing it.


Whatever. That's Great bro. At least I'm not in the back of the plane. Yeah. Me and Harper are like, you guys are gonna have to be private. You, you guys place to be apparently. Yeah. You wanna be at the front of the plane. Oh Yeah. Safe place back. Not with me driving. What'd you say? What? You don't wanna be at the front of me driving? No, but I think you could save yourself if you didn't really care about the people in the back. You could land it like this but then you go like, UNK my guy. It's blowing up for sure. I Don I, I don't, I never understand how planes blow up so easy when they crash. What like wouldn't it just like, like how does it Jet turbine's my guy. How much fuels in there? Heat? Yeah. All the gas. Everything. Yeah. Friction a lot blown up. Yeah. But I watched blown up MythBusters and Okay bra.


They did a thing Where, nevermind you know what you're talking about? Yeah. You, they did a thing where they put up a car with gas and like it doesn't explode as much versus if there's just a little bit of gas in there. So I feel like the jet plant would've a lot of gas so it wouldn't explode that much. Possibly. Maybe by mean do burn. Dude, Jeff feels also a different beast than regular gasoline. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is true. You know. Wait, were you talking about our friend that died in a plane crash? I mentioned it. Yeah. One of them actually survived the plane crash. Oh really? Yeah. I wonder if they were in the back of the plane in the front of the plane. Probably that, well he, he was Marine and he got out and then he went back in and got a girl he a plane on. Yeah, they were flying to like, it was like a Christian conference actually called a, I think it was a choir. The fire.


Oh yeah, I've heard of that. You heard that one? Yeah. Yeah. It's a little older. I don't think they have it anymore. But he, they were flying there to like go speak and he like plane crash. He gets out, goes back in to get like the daughter of somebody gets her out. But then he, he passes away 'cause he went back in. Really? Wow. Yeah, he was like all on fire. He Shouldn't have. Oh. But he got her out and she survived. What's the call, what's the cause of the crash? There was like a heater that wasn't supposed to be turned on and the girl got cold and she didn't know and she's in the back of the plane and turned on the heater. Oh. Fire. She's the cause that she's arrived. Seriously. She the one That's, that's what they said. But I don't know. Dang dude. I don if they really know. Yeah. I don't know how you figure that out after the plane's been the same thing with, same thing with like people house fires.


The fire, the place has burned the ground and the fire department's like caused from a wire. I'm like, how do you know that? Right. Do we really know that its forensics? It is ashes. Like the whole house Girl, was that an airliner Small plane? No, no. It was like a little six passenger plane. Like a Oh from like a Cessna. That's scary. Yeah, it was a small one for sure. Yeah. The small planes always go down. Like not the commercial Ones. I know I've, I like small planes. Oh, I got hey, small plane. Like when you went skydiving, was it like, how big of a plane was it? It was a small plane. Was there seats in it? No. Yeah. See those things? Small plane. So the one that you get on top of is like, there's two seats. It's the pilot and then you. That's crazy. Oh no, no. Yeah dude. Come on. Like The top Gun planes live a little. No, that's a fighter too.


If I die, I go to a much better place. I'd rather die doing something cool. Hey, you know, sometimes I wake up in the morning and I'm disappointed I didn't die. What? Yeah. Yeah. I'm Like, so that's all Like, I'm like go to lunch. And I like didn't choke on my food and die and it's like, I'm gonna actually choose. I'm ready to go. I'm gonna choose cash. No, this is go dog. Like sometimes if it's my time, it's my time decision. Remorse they said with you being a creator, how many planes have you been on in your entire life? Yeah, I don't know. Maybe like a hundred. Maybe like a, I mean I travel a lot. You think just hundred? I bet more than a two Mom. How? Have a think about you have a layover one. Yeah, but I didn't start travel. Come back three four.


Start traveling. Traveling until I really like got into YouTube though. Yeah. Yeah. So like 16, 17. But before then, I didn't take any plane rides. Yeah. Maybe, maybe like 200. Yeah. Did you travel by yourself when you were like 16 or 17? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, how did your parents react to you doing YouTube? Like were they like cool with it? Especially because It wasn't a thing in your time. No, back in my day, as Kate said, I'm old now. No. Yeah. They definitely were supportive. 'cause they're both entrepreneurs as well. Yeah. So they were all about it. But they were like, yeah, you gotta also like find a job or go to to school like one of the other, so you gotta do both at the same time. Yeah. So I was like, all right, I gotta figure out how to make money on this quick because like, I would rather rather do this than go to med school. Yeah. Yeah. So it was that or med school really.


So you didn't go to school? No, I didn't. 'cause I graduated early. I was 16 when I graduated high school. And then when did your, when did your career take off? Were you It was probably when I was about 17 and a half. Like I was able to make enough. Oh, so you were right there. Yeah, it was quick. Yeah, it was quick. So I was just like trying to hustle as fast as I could. Yeah. Yeah. And then also like make sure I really enjoyed what I loved to do. Yeah. My mom and dad were super supportive. They were just like, yeah, go file job applications, figure out to make some other money on the side. Or You can go to community college at the same time. Yeah. So I very quickly figured out how to make some money. Yeah. I feel like that's most people's story. I like, I was working with my dad when I was like 15. I was like, man, I don't like this. And then I saw like a, a magcon and all them and I was like, wow, that's so cool.


And so that's what, that's what motivated me to do it. So I didn't have to get a job. Yeah. Hey, do you have a traditional job in the beginning? Huh? Ah man. Never had like a traditional job. No, no, no. It was like hanging like gutter and insulation and like, it was like a construction job. So that's a good traditional job. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I did like painters prep assistant. Oh yeah. Yes. Cleaner lawn mowing. Life guarding. Yeah. Our parents owned a lot of real estate. So it was like refi, fixing up apartments, stuff like that a lot. Oh nice. Yeah. So you had, you always had something that you get a little gig. Yeah. Yeah. Well he always had a good gig. You know, he would, I had to follow him around and be his assistant for the whole day. Every time we'd be out, we'd be like on a, we'd be painting a house. They would be like scraping the old paint off the house. Matt gets, of course scrape the paint.


I get to go through and pick up his paint chips. That, that was what my job was. Pick up his paints. Did you ever have like that defining moment though? That's boring for like your career? Yeah, so when we were on a job, once I'm on a ladder and he takes a screw gun. No, no, no, you stick it on my pants. Pants. That's not what he's talking about. What he's, he is not at all a defining moment like, you know, like what? For my social media career. Oh, thought he was talking about in that career He that he's like, that was the day I was done this question. Okay, well I'll answer that a second. He's sick to screw gun on my pants. And he freaking pulled the trigger and it just like ripped all of my pants. So funny. And I had to duct take my pants up the rest of the day.


So funny, funny. That's when he knew he was funny. So funny. That was my last day and that was a defining moment on my career. Put him on notice. But yes, your actual question, the defining moment on this career. Yeah, I was, I was doing live streaming. I mean that's like how it was when I started. Where on Twitch? No, musically. Musically. Yeah. Oh I know Musically. Yeah. Yeah. It was musically. And Maverick was still working. I quit because of the screw gun incident and he was still working. And then I was like finally was like making enough to like quit the job I was doing with my dad. And so I quit that and then I was doing stuff on musically and then Maverick was like, I wanna, I wanna do it too. So then he quits and I was doing it two years and in two years I got 20,000 followers on musically.


And I was like, this is gonna take forever to get a million. I added up, it was gonna be like hundreds of years. I was like, well yeah, he was gonna be like 900 years old. Yeah. I was like, like a million was like, well this isn't gonna work. Matt comes home, he starts the week, he starts social media on musically, he gets like featured on there, which is like, you get put on like the four you pager recommended and he gains like a hundred thousand in his first two weeks. And I was like, I was a lowkey salty 'cause I've been doing it two years. And I was like, ah. And then I like I made a different account and then yeah, it blew up together. But that was insane. Oh, that's really cool. Yeah. Yep. He couldn't do it without me. Essentially how? That's the moral, the story is Mav Mav gave me what? Good man. You need that competitiveness.


Yeah. No we were, we were hyper competitive at first. Now, now we just do everything together. Yeah. But yeah. But you still need that rivalry a little bit, you know? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You just saw us in the gym today, man. We you ever, you ever do one of those things where it's like this and you gotta like drop the weight. Are you talking about like forearms? Yeah. Seems like a little bar. And you do this has a rope on it and a weight. It goes down on the rope and then you broke up. Oh yes, yes. Yeah. Man, we went hard on that today. The competition was insane. The gym owner was sitting there, he was like, you guys, you guys are brothers. He's like, y'all definitely brothers. We at LA Fitness. No, we're at a local gym. Oh my gosh. You know, and Anna and else are frozen when that guy tries to dance with Anna on Coronation Day and his hair flops over.


That's what I feel like right now. Like Excuse your bud. That's oddly specific. Like one specific Scene. You know the blonde guy, it's like, it's like, hello, I'm her. Or I am queen far. I queen. You would be queen far quad. That is true. Hey, far Quad had a queen. You Doesn't queen park quad walk like this King, King far quad. No, no, that's Edna Edna. Cash walks like Edna. I have a, if you get Edna walk, let's see it. Do what? Do it. Do it. Okay. It's a party trick. Here we go.


Y'all ready? Here's my egg water. I'm ready. This is how you walk like GNA from the Incredibles GNA Eggnog. Now it's hard. Sometimes I don't get it right. Let's see. So good. Wait, I actually, yeah, You liked that. Ready? You wanna say Again? Okay. H leave the kitchen. When little kids come up, walk to the front door like that. Like, Hey Rod, be So you have to be Edna on Halloween it'll be Vector.


Vector. It'll be Vector. Vector. Yeah. We can wait, wait. Do the conversation about the moon. What is it? Vector or Victor? Vic Steal. Victor. That's a Vector Except Gru wants to Steal the moon. Yeah. Gru wants to steal the moon. No, it's vector because Oh My gosh. Have You ever seen the sprinkle Me? Yeah. They wanna, the the whole thing is I'm gonna steal the moon. Yeah. But Vector steals the moon. He's the orange guy. He's the one, he does steal the moon, but he does steal. He shrinks the moon and he Steals it. Oh, they both wanted to steal it, huh? Yeah. And Vector succeeded because they wanna be the better villain. Oh, it's true. That happened. Hey, Did you guys know I saw a TikTok of drinking one sugared beverage a day at giving.


Wait, hold on. You saw this on TikTok? Yeah. Oh, it must be right? No. Yes, it was. It was on the stem. The STEM part. Oh, really? The STEM Side. Yeah. So Going on it said, do you watch stem? The STEM videos? Who watches stem? You. Weirdo. Why are you on the STEM side of TikTok? I saw it there and I felt bad for it. 'cause I never clicked on it. I was like, okay, I, We dunno. There's a side of TikTok called Science Technology Engineer Engineering in Math. Mathematics. Oh, that's what it stands for? Yeah. I had no clue what STEM that stood for STEM fields are, but I clicked stem and it's like the educational channel and apparently drinking one sugared beverage a day ups your chances of getting diabetes by 29%. I just don't believe it. And if you drink two sugared beverages a day, okay, it was almost 50% ups your chances. What's wrong with me getting diabetes?


We actually all came to the conclusion yesterday at lunch that we're all gonna go get tested for diabetes except For You. Can you imagine that? Like You're Gonna go, imagine all four of us. Imagine all four of us go get tested for diabetes. And then like the doctor walks in the room and they're like, one of you has it and it is not Kate. And they, and then they just like narrow it down. That'd be the most intense thing in my life. Quit. Especially for from Maverick Skint, because Maverick is addicted to sugar. Did y all know would do that? Diabetes? Like I was like, but is it really that bad? 'cause like I've heard like a bunch, like I know like a bunch of people, like my uncles and stuff a lot 'em with diabetes. Oh yeah. I think it is pretty bad. But Then, then Kate informed me that diabetes could lead, lead to your foot loss.


You can, You can just lose your foot. Foot. You can just fall off one walk away by itself. Like, not specifically your foot. I'm sure you could lose like either foot or like a hand or something. I don't know the logistics of it. Oh heck no. I don know the logistics of it. But your uncle with diabetes told me that. Oh really? Yeah. Is that why he's trying to sell his foot? Yeah. My uncle also always asked me, do you want a knuckle sandwich? So I don't know which one. No, that's probably why he is trying to sell his foot. My uncle is like, I, he says he's like so seriously if, if I Can find someone that'll pay me $5 million for my left foot, not 5 million. Like he said, if somebody will pay me 5 million for my left foot, I will give it to him. And he said, I will also sell my right foot for 2.5 million.


Because he doesn't like that foot. I guess it's, it causes, he has like ankle issues there. And he legitimately says if somebody offers him 2.5 million, he will get rid of his, his right foot. That's insane. Like Biden could easily do that. Biden, I think a lot of why Biden Or Mr. Beast? Mr. Beast. That'd be crazy. Beast dumb would would Buy Mr. Beast would buy him a new phone Buying people's body parts. Like what? No, that's crazy. Would You have 2.5 million or you have points? Oh my gosh. Okay. I was like, I, because you know, sometimes your uncle says things that y'all are like, well, well I came from uncle. Uncle. So do you uncle really wanna Uncle believe that Uncle Garrett. Go ahead. Say his name is Uncle Garrett. My favorite person Says Uncle Garrett. Just, no, I never doubt anything you say.


It isn't until I come home to these boys and tell them what you said that I start doubting. 'cause I'm like, well Wait, wait. So what happened? Anyways, He told me that there was someone in y'all's family or someone he knew that had diabetes and like lost his foot to it. And it was like a really bad, just like, oh, Peg leg. I know peg leg. I feel like you really? Yeah. Peg leg, obviously not peg leg. Anyways, It says No, but we do have a great uncle that lost his eye. But I'll say that after this. Go ahead. Okay. Well, diabetes can cause limb loss, particularly in the lower extremities because there's a thing called extremities, diabetic foot syndrome. And It says 60 to 70% of minor or major amputations are from diabetes.


That's, oh My gosh. I love my feet. It's just gonna be a problem. That's crazy. I'm mad. But no, my uncle man, kenzie's gonna be so mad if I show up on the wedding day with one last foot. Would you sell your foot for 2.5 mil? Yeah. Oh wait. No, I wouldn't, I Wouldn't, I think I'd sell my foot for like 10, 2 million, 10 million, I think nine mil. I'd be like, I think I'll keep my foot 10 mil. Put that thing like an investment. Just like a cd. Cash out your 5% every year. 2 million. Well, how much are you gonna have to pay to like get like a prosthetic and stuff? You gotta that Into it. I don need a prosthetic. You got your ankle? You can walk your ankle right foot? Yeah. I, I Can live without a foot. You're like foot not that serious Also. No, it is. Because for cheer, like How you, okay, you wouldn't be able to do cheer really?


But like you could Still, you could still walk around. But I could dance. Great. I'd spin like a talk. Just you could get like, yeah dude. If you didn't have your ankle broke, what? Your dance, you would be next level. You could literally make it pointy. Yeah. And just spin really fast for hours. Just sit there. What? That's Not right. That's crazy. What do you mean? I mean, I think that'd be great. But yeah, our uncle Spin like a top Are other uncle are you? Go ahead. Oh, our great uncle, he got in a fight and glass went through his eye. Oh. And he lost his eyeball. And he was also stabbed like 10 times. Yeah. He was also stabbed like 10 times during the fight. Oh. He was lost his eyeball. Oh, and he won. Yeah, he won the fight. That's the crazy part. Yeah, he's a bad fight. You should really see the other guy.


And yeah, now he just has a glass eyeball and he'll just like pop it out. Wait, is he still alive? And then he'll be like, Hey, like can you keep an eye on this? Kind of crazy? Oh, that's fine. Is He still alive? I wanna meet him. If he Is. I think so. I think he's alive. It's my grandpa's Brother. Why ever met him? It's my grandpa's brother. He doesn't come around too much, does he? Look what I, Jeff, he's always around. Whatcha talking about? I'm not sitting on a freaking cake. You're gonna sit on the cake. Sit down. Sit, sit your booty on a cake. Sit now ask your chair this today. What? Down? Well, you just needed a little bit extra. You know what we're saying? What? I just, I said seat down.


Listen. Okay, I'm coming. All right. What'd You say, Kate? I said you just needed a little bit extra, so we're helping you out today. I said extra. What? Cake? Yeah. A little extra cake. Y'all think I needed extra cake? Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent Extra than this. So that just proved our point. You, We thought that hard chair might hurt your butt. I six. So we got you some more K. Damn, y'all trying to make me back heavy. Sit down. Yeah, he's calling me Yeller. Who are you? There's no way you got a phone call. There's no way you're taking that right now. Who is it? Hello? Who is this? It is Sophia. Oh, Sophia. Who? They can't hear it. We can't hear it. Hang up. Yeah, we can't hear. Bye. Don't call me again.


What the I don't know who it is. It's always fans. That's one way to say Fans. Well, that's not a fan. That's a stalker. They're calling her. Okay. Alright. I'm gonna sit on it. Damn, that's Terrible. Okay. Okay. Okay. I Damn. Okay. Hey, turn around and sit so we can see it better. You weirdo. See what a weirdo. I'm just telling, I'm just giving the people what they want. See Damn Harper. Yep. I can't, I It's in your mind. I, It's, she got me there. She hasn't said Anything. It really is. I Don sit on it.


Normal. Shut up. I'm gonna set you down face first on the cake. My mom's calling me now. No, no, No, no. Jumping. I don pick up. Just tell mom I'm filming. Oh my God. Oh my gosh. Okay, Here we go, Ed. Okay, say it. Dad. I can't say anything. It's in your mind. You Help her. Say it one more time. Please Say it one more time. She hasn't say Anything. I'm not saying say it. Damn. I'm not saying anything. I swear she's scared. I didn't say anything. Hey, I didn't say anything. I threw the episode. Alright. We had to go ahead ma. Tell him what you did. I said a joke that cash didn't think was funny. Not cash. Everyone. Yeah. It was Not funny. Everyone laughed.


I didn't You did laugh, you laughed. Nobody laughed. He was definitely laughing. And you were laughing. Maverick Marick said it. Marick said Maverick said a highly inappropriate joke. What? That highly inappropriate you guys can't hear. Yeah. So I said a man's name. That's all I did. No, no. I said one man's name. No. Who Is this? Y'all are just arguing to argue. So sit on the cake please. We'll Move on. Okay. Sit down. Dad. Sit down. Sit, sit down. Dad, Sit down. Damn. What Kate? Everyone is so annoying today in case y'all miss the episode before this. They destroyed my books, So, and I burned it on fire. And I apologize. In Case y'all are wondering, it might look like we're all friends right now, but nobody likes each other.


I don't understand. Is there tension? No. We're getting along great. Yeah, because y'all, they're the ones that we had to cut the episode over. Yeah. We said funny jokes multiple times. Exactly. There's no like, like what? And, and he said, he said beep and, and yeah. I, We it for your, yeah. So let's just Keep going. I think everyone can guess what I said? You know, I'm not sitting on the cake. Sit on the cake. I quite honestly don't care what you do, uhoh. No, no, no, no. That took everything in me. Nuts. I joking. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't you touch it Kate. No. Kate, help. Help her. I do. I don't. You know what?


You should No Mercy. When you put put my book on fire, last episode. I'm sorry. I'm Sorry. That's too late. Say sorry, Harper. Oh no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Cash. Can't touch my hair. Cash. You can now. I'm having fun. I some good hair now. I'm having a lot of fun. Oh, I feel so bad. I should have stopped it. What do you mean? You said there, watched it the whole time. I know I shouldn't. You enjoyed it. I shouldn't have. I was mad at Harper for something she did last episode. But that's true. Harper, You were mad at Harper. So you just let it happen now. And now I Feel bad, Harper. I'm sorry. It's fine. It's fine.


Hey, You can eat it though. Alexis was supposed to go edit and he can't even leave. He, he's just Okay. If it helps Harper, I'll sit on the cake now. Sit down. Okay, I'll sit down. What? It's fine. I'm to slip. Are you eating? Yeah. Why can you stop eating the cake like that? It's weirding me out. She acted like she didn't wanna get the cake on her face. Now she's like, what? She like Harper. She acted like she didn't want the cake on her face. And now she's like, no. Is it good? Oh my God. Gosh.


He didn't sit on it yet. Okay, I'll sit on it. Alright, sit down. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I'm getting the angle that no one else is Getting. Slide the shorts up. Slide the shorts up. What? It's already on your shorts. Just so you know. You just got icing on your shorts. What are you doing? Oh, did I just drop the cake? How did you do that? Why did it drop it slow motion. Why did it drop in slow motion? Oh, it's everywhere. Oh, no, no. It's literally everywhere. Harper. Harper. No, Harper. Harper, Harper.


Listen, it's already on my butt. It's on my chair. It's on my floor. Where? My down kid's. So messy cake. No, I'm not cleaning Itor. I'm going get food after this. I'm leaving. Okay, listen, I'll sit down. I'm not cleaning that. Need a cake. Get away from the cake. The don't give up. No. Get away from the cake. Get away from the cake. Little girl. I like cake. I'm sitting on the cake. What happened to the cake? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. I'm sitting on it and it, it don't feel great.


This is so weird. But why did, did you see the way the cake fell off the stool? Yeah. Like it literally cash. It was so pathetic looking. Do you guys ever snort things? You shunt? Yeah. On occasion. What? You know what? I accidentally sted. What did you snort? You know what I accidentally snorted the other day? What? Chicken Alfredo. What? Oh, how did you, and it's possible in case you wanted drink. How did you do it? TI was just eating. No, you were doing more. What were you doing to snort the chicken Alfredo? Like, were you, were you eating it? Like, was your face in the bowl? What the, were you like, let me see if I Can get some noodles twisted around my tongue. So you put your face in the bowl? Is that what you did? You guys never snort food on accident? What? The No, not not this way.


Like it comes through this way. Oh Yeah. That's not Sweet. But you know how when you like, no, you eat and drink. Yes you Do. You can get water. Like come through your nose. Yes. Water has never came through my nose. What water's came through your nose? You can try. Probably do it right now if you tried. Yeah. How Should we all try? You know, you know what's crazy actually, when I was about 1450. Oh, you gonna try it? I I I don't recommend doing it with Red Bull. How do you do it? Burn. How do you do it? How do you do it? How do you make water go through your nose. Does anybody know? I thought about it, but it didn't work. Like I, I accidentally do it all the time, but I don't know how to purposely do it.


You know, crazy story. That's actually true. In 2020 when Covid hit, a man texted me. This is so true. It's so bad. Do you know what I'm gonna say? Yes. Yeah. His name is Harry. Shout out Harry. Harry's OG Harry. Oh gee. If you're out there, Harry, you are an og. Harry texts me and he's like, I got toilet paper. I'm like, okay, cool. That's awesome, man. He's like, this is like pre like, like it's like things are about to go down. Yeah. I was like, I mean, cool. And then like, he's like, you want some, I'm like, I guess. I mean he drives Harry drives from Orange County all the way to my house two hours away.


Oh my gosh. To bring us toilet paper. Why would he do that? Because He is a nice guy. He outta the kindness of his heart. He so genuine. He drove two hours to get to bring us. Somehow this man contacted like every influencer in LA and is bringing them all toilet paper. Like every influencers opening their door. Like harry toilet paper. Wait, actually yes. He was given like every influencer toilet paper. How he got, was he an influencer? I don Dunno how he even got your number. I dunno. Before this, I forgot I met the man, but I know he was bringing me toilet paper. Have You met, you hadn't met him before this? Maybe I did. I don't know. He's like, like the kind of person you like meet at Walmart. Like, and then you just, now you forever know Harry.


That's crazy. Harry, you're the OG though. Thanks for the toilet Paper. I have to Tell you something. I put it to good use. Wait, what do you gotta tell Us? I am Harry. No you're not. No. Harry's completely. Just not you. Yeah, I am honey. I came back as him. You've been reincarnated. She On something today, guys. Hey, let's vote. Most likely to succeed Me. I just, just Watch me be an actor. Wait, Kate was actually lowkey humble there. I thought you just said you don't. Did y'all wanna be an actor? See how humble Kate was? Well, watch me be a singer when I grow up like Olivia, Rodrigo, and Yeah, Kate was the only one that didn't raise her hand. Not gonna lie. You don't think you'll be successful either. A, you're humble or B, you don't believe in yourself. Which One is it? I quite honestly Used cats.


I've already made it. I got a husband. A You know what? I've already made it. And All I need is for him to be successful. No, no, no. Why? Stop at one, get two. I already up the money Guys. I'm gonna say like a really bratty line. I already made it. I'm famous and rich Harper. No, you're not. Good. Stop. I'm kidding. I'm just joking. Do you think you're famous? No I'm not. Okay guys, my face is covered in like, don't change The subject. Do you think you're famous? Do you think you're famous Harper? No. What? Because you're not. No, I'm kidding. Can we have drummer auditions to decide who gets to solo? Me The drummer in the band? Alright, fine. Everybody gets a ten second or 15 second drumming audition.


Harper, you go first. Oh, cash. I know what song you'd like to do. We should have, don't forget Me too. I, We gonna drum solos. Okay. Forgive me. I got You. Get 15 seconds. Cut. Cut. Yeah, you cut Kate. Next up. I'm cut. Seriously? Yeah. Seriously. You got it. Kate? Cut. Kate, let's see it. Oh, oh, Oh, oh. Stop digging it that hard.


Why would you dig it that hard? Kate? That was really good. No, no. Keep my Trying to my Get off the set. Maverick. Oh, ma. Yeah. I'm no good. I guess Cash one taught me. I know. Come on. Go. If I, if you, if I said that your drum set will not be one piece. What? The sh mom. Alright. What, what do you guys like here? I, I want to hear you play super soft. Super soft And nice. Yes. Yes. Wow. I went to the park. I go buy and he took us for a ride.


I said, Mr. Van, driver, gimme some time. Mr. Van. Driver. I just need a little bit to get me by. Take me back down that road. My grandma's house is at the door. Mr. Bus driver. Where's that candy? Okay, that's you. What you Yeah.


Rock and roll. Okay. What The, why was he guy good thema? What the cash You drummed a little too hard. Why was that? Honestly good though. Don't hype him up on rock And roll baby. One time we booked a show and like, nobody, nobody showed. So we had to cancel it. We have no, no, no, No. 20 Shows for thousands of people and for two. Yeah. And then one time, like our very first show ever was a thousand people. We sold it out. It was great. Fantastic. Like four years later we did a show. I'm not even capping. Y'all are gonna think we're actually trolling. I'm not capping. Like this is, there was times no one showed up. There was times no. Probably we were like giving free tickets out to people at the mall and people wouldn't show up for our shows. Yeah. We, we gave out free tickets and I, our smallest audience was probably like five people.


It was bad less than that. It was bad. There Was some that There was like two people. There was. Yeah, there was. And we had to let the, we had to let the, the tour the show. Like the people that were on tour go to the Audience. Yeah. Yeah. Like our me lady. Were like, get out there and be in the audience. Dude, It was bad. It was so embarrassing. That was, you know, that was one of the lowest points my life. It was so embarra. But we got our bag, But we had a drummer named Ty and every show me, Ty had a great time. There we go. Every show guys. I'm not even kidding. Right. Before we'd go out, this was like at like, we did our big tour where we sold it out and everything. And then we got paid to buy on tour. A tour. So pretty much they were gonna promote the tour. Yeah. We were just like hired on to perform it. And our only job was to show up and perform. Like we weren't promoting it. Nothing really.


So we show up, we promoted it a little bit. Yeah. We get promoted on, but Not like you would've your own tour. Yeah. And we showed up. There's like two to 10 people a show in venues that are supposed to hold like 800 people. And it's just a big empty room. Yeah. Walmart, there's, imagine you're inside Walmart with no shelves and two people standing in the middle. And that's who you're performing is. And we're on stage with me and Mav and every show. Me and Mav were like, oh no, how are we gonna, how are we gonna perform in front of four people and every show? Our drummer Tyler was like, we got this guys we're gonna, we're gonna give those four people the best time of their lives. And we did. Oh my God. We had steam cam. Like we had smoked shows, light shows. Like we had, we had stuff blowing up.


Like it was great. Oh, thanks. And there was, do y'all remember the last show though? The last show There was an audience because Yeah, there was like 200 people there or so, But because there was someone that had been on that tour that people actually wanted to see. But that was The only show that we were on us. Hey, real quick. Everybody try this. Take a stick. No, this is so what? Gimme What math, what would you like to say? I just think what we're about to do is probably like we were having a good conversation and you just interrupted it to do this. Okay, well I would just wanted to see. You gotta take the stick and then you gotta do a half flip. Oh wait, sorry. You gotta do a half flip a full flip. A flip and a half and then two flips. And You can get one shot.


Half flip, half flip, one flip. That was good. Now flip and a half. Perfect. Oh no, that was two flips. That was two Flips. Wait, Lemme do. Why do my flip half? No, the whole point is you get one. Well, I did my two flips and lemme get my flip and a half Slay. Okay, there you go. But it's supposed to be okay. You try and you try. Okay, ready? 3, 2, 1, half flip. Wow. Okay. Full flip. Okay. Harper's out. No I'm not. Oh, no she's not. Oh, Mav barely got it. I got it. Okay. Harper's out. Mav flip. Okay, now Mav two flips. One, two. Oh. You Fail. One, Two. Oh, I Can do it first.


T you haven't, we watched you fail like three times. Well, that was when I was demoing. Look, I knew it. First T ready flip. Full flip, full flip. Flip it a half, two flips. Woo. Yeah, you, you failed like four times. Just like that baby. Well, congratulations. Like I got more choice. Y'all like this? Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. Check out this. Oh, check out that. That scared me. I Can. You're not cool. I feel like I am. Well no. If we wait. No. Keep telling him how not cool he is. Continue. Yeah. You're not cool. You're not cool. You aren't, you're not cool. Nobody's gonna show up to our live show. Except you're not tall. Except what? No, I mean like, no people are gonna show up to our live show only because of me and Kate and Maverick. Hey, thanks for the conclusion. Alright guys, I know what'll make this podcast a hundred times better. Nobody, nobody's Going because of you.


Er what the what The shit whatcha doing? What the shit. Oh, my cash. What the heck? Why would you do that? All Right. How are you already back so soon? Why did you throw her like that? What? I was actually concerned for her health. I Was too. You threw her right on. Like those power bricks. And she's fine. Look at her. She's smiling, she laughing. She wants in. I thought I was gonna fall into the, into the drum set. Why would you don't touch my drum? Don't tell her I'm not okay. It hurts really Bad. Can't stop acting Like I hit her. What do you, you just threw her. I would argue that throwing her is worse than hitting her. Seriously. Are you okay? Shut up. Shut up. Stop. Acting like, Guys, I get thrown on the floor almost every day. I'm fine. I think She needs to go to the er.


What? He gets thrown on the floor almost every day. She, because of my cheer, she fallen and broken her ankle or something. Yeah, she's fine. Threw What if threw threw her? I threw her from here to there. It was messy. But what if she landed and broke her ankle? Now what do we tell her? Mom? What if I was starting? What if I started crying? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh no. No Bites it too much. Well she kay. Your hair looks actually really good though. Oh, it Looks great. It does. Wait, your hair does look like majestic. She she'd be looking majestic. Girl. What are you used to blow out your hair? What? What was that? I'm hurt. No, you're not hurt guys. Let sing like a, I threw you from there to there. No, Let sing like a Disney pop star.


Ah, yeah. Alright, well it is. It's time for gifts. Oh boy. I got gif. Boy, boy. Yeah. Matt, or You can start. I got you something. What did you get me? What'd you get? Come on. I'm ready for I I told y'all we were gonna be doing gifts on the podcast. I told you I remember. I don't think that brought his gift. I told y'all Everyone was gonna forget my Gift. I hope. Did you bring your gift? Oh yeah. Yes I did. Okay. No, no, no. Don't take my gift. My gift right there. No, this is my gift. He's trying to claim my gift. No, that's my gift. That's my gift back there. What's in the gift? My gift. I'm not gonna ruin the gift. Why would I ruin it? Alright, fine. Well it's Okay.


I'm happy with one gift. Aw, well, alright, We'll start with my gift. It's a two part gift. Oh. The first part is we have party hats. Don't ruin the box. I don't like when people rip boxes open like they're freaking an an animal, Like an ape. He's, He's doing it. He's ruining the box. This cake tastes so bad. I don't know why I keep eating it. You're not saying. Alright, everybody put their party hat on. Oh boy. Gimme pot. Hit Map. Put your party hat on. Oh boy. Put your party hat on. Okay, Everybody move your hair and feel united. What the, alright.


Ohm, take off your cowboy hat for the party hat. What? Ma? Mav is so self-conscious about his hat, bro. About his hair. His hair. What? You are so self-conscious. He won't take off his hair 'cause he got bad haircut. Okay. Whatever. Alright, Kate, here is my gift. Okay. I would just like to point out guys, I brought the cake, the party hat and the gifts. You guys didn't bring nothing? No. I brought a Gift. I brought myself. And isn't that all that matters? Yeah. What came out? What's your gift? Whatever. I leave of this cake. First of all. Okay, What is this? I don know how to wear a party hat. Alright, here is my gift. Just Wear it like this. Just put it on. It kind of chokes you. Kate, what are you doing? I don't, oh, just put the party hat on.


You guys ever see a dog like pushing their face against the glass? Ma, you look so funny. I do. Yeah. Kate, you look so not funny. You look very good sweetheart. Alright. You Look good. Here's my gifts. You do? I would like to say I Look like a bald eagle. Okay guys, I'm gonna talk about my gift now. Okay. A lot of thought went into my gifts. Before we get to your gift. Oh man. Oh, did you know that these hats were actually used to shame children growing up? What? Yeah. Actually, did you just make us up? They were called hats of shame. No, they were punishments. They would wear cone hats. So why do we wear them as a birthday hat? I don't know. But I know cone hats as a celebration. Were like gnome hats. What? Yeah. Yep.


Okay. Well my gift before we get to your gift, why are you on your guys? You're just on your phone. Not, I don't, you know what? Fine. No, no, no. Sorry. I just needed a picture of Marick. You look so funny. I have my gift now, hun. Okay. I'm paying attention. Alright. My gift, as I was saying. Yep. A lot of thought went into this gift. Wait, it's your gift or her gift? It's my gift to her. Oh. I did not just go buy this gift from Walmart for, okay. You cannot buy this gift. Well, actually for the right price You can. But I None. None own it. None have been sold yet. Oh, okay. Well, but if people would like to start purchasing them, there might be a link in the description. This seems pretty sentimental.


Why don't you hold your wife's hands while you tell her, look her in the eyes. I thought this gift threw a lot. Get on your knee. Actually, I'm not doing that. Yeah, please get on one knee. I thought this gift threw a lot. And I think you will really enjoy this birthday gift. And I don't know if you guys remember, but on a podcast episode a while back, I got her a fake puppy for her fake birthday gifts. A fake. It was a real puppy. No, I got her a real puppy. Remember the puppy? Yeah. And I said, but then it was like a joke. I was like, it's actually my friend's puppy. And I told her, don't worry because your actual birthday gifts I have for you. You're not looking her in the eyes. I told her the actual birthday gift I have for you is 10 times better than a puppy.


So here it's, Well honey, I wanna look at you while I Open it. No, just open it There. Go. Will you still hold my hand? Okay. Well no, because you gotta have, you gotta open it with your hands. But You're gonna watch me while I open It. Okay. Yeah. I'll watch you. You wait, but all right, Here we go. Here's my gift. You birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday. How many years? There's a lot. Sorry. Oh boy. A Sprite. Zero.


She likes Sprite Zero. Sprite Zero. I do. But that's not that. That's, that's the side gift. This is the side gift. Okay. That's cute. Look. Look at the big gift. Look at the big gift. I got a jar. What That? Open it and smell it. It's my far, I hid it in a can. And that way when you have a worst enemy, You can just open it in their bedroom. You Can I stop. Is it, that does actually smell bad. Are You okay? Oh no. Does actually smell bad. No one Knows what it smells like. That's that. No. No one knows. She opened it in front of everyone. Yeah, she did. Open it in front of everybody.


Do Y'all Not smell that? No. No. It's just you. Not really. It's probably 'cause he's immune to his farts Face. My favorite part of what Cash and Kate do on each other's birthdays is they hold each other's hands and they look each other in the eyes and they tell each other words of affirmation. You hold my hand. No, we, yes, they did what? He it every time. He always takes her hands and he is like, I love you this last year, blah, blah, blah, blah blah. So go ahead. Do your thing. Do your thing. I've never done that. Yes he does. He's lying. Do it on the pod. Come on. Do it on the podcast. Do what? Get on your knee. Hold her hand. I'm not getting on my knees. Why y Holding on my knees. Get on your knees. Get on your knees. Hold your hand. Say the words of affirmation. Do the thing.


Why would I tell her words of affirmation after she just, I just got her a secret weapon and she used it on me in about 0.2 seconds. Because it's her birthday. Gosh, it's her birthday. Just do it. And y'all have no clue how hard, don't ruin your tradition. You've done it for so long. Come on. Y'all have no clue how hard it was. Do it. Get that fart in a can. IS what? You can imagine picture right now. Oh no. What you think about? I don't wanna try to get a fart in a can. Oh no. Okay. I had to go through that. She used, get that Im on, went through that to get that. And you just opened it like that. And I'm happy did I woke. He do smelling. You don't know how hard that was. I had to help him. Get on your knees. Someone serious. Look her in the eyes. Well, I'm not getting on my knees. Why do y'all want me off my knee so bad?


Because that's what you normally do. You get on your knee, one knee and then you say this. I'm not proposing. No, but it's like a little memory thing. You do whatever you, I've seen you do it lots of times. Okay, you, I'll hold a hand. Get on your knee. Now what do you want me to get? On your knee? On your knees? I'm not getting on my knee. Get on your knee. Okay. Lemme just tell you something that's not happening. Gosh. Get on your knee and do it. Oh, looks like Kate's gonna have on my goodness. I will get on my freaking kneecap. Yes. Kneecap. This is so romantic. Kneecap. You're drinking my birthday gift that you got me. Okay. Well you didn't chugg it without chugg you without burping. Oh, you already failed. I can't believe he burped. Never seen him burp. Yeah. I've never seen him burp. Oh, I Can burp.


Check this out. Well, he's drinking my birthday gift. Okay, that was, you just drank her birthday gift. So my birthday gift. Is it spicy? Oh my goodness. What? Happy birthday to be bad. Okay. Okay. Do the thing. It smells bad. What? Did you do it again? No I did not. My birthday gift. How much came before my eyes? Like how did you not drink that? Like two drinks. How? There's none in there anymore. You're joking. My birthday gift is completely gone now. Wait, it's coming. That's any, okay. That's enough. That's all I got. Okay.


Here's the down your knees. I don dunno what the thing is Bob. The thing where you tell her how much you love her the past year. I feel like Lord fart quad. Why am I, you got it? Okay. I Can, Hey, can you keep going please? I was looking forward to this. Yeah, continue your thing. Come on. Say I can't see. Say the words. I can't See. Hey, I'm over Here. Listen to the sound of my voice. Turn your head. Turn your head. I'm over here.


Stop. Ow. Yes. That tape tasted disgusting too. Oh my goodness. I need more Napkins. That's not a napkin. That is not a napkin. Do your thing. You're gonna make your wife Sad. Oh. Looks like a gender reveal on your face. It is. I just wanna open my eyes. I Can see the icing stuffed up his nose right now. Oh, that's disgust. Oh. Oh no. Oh my gosh. I Can, it's so bad. Oh, I wanna see you say sweet things to your wife.


Come on. Yeah, Me too. I wanna see, honestly, very rude that you're Okay. You guys want sweet things. Is that what you guys want? You guys want sweet things? Yeah. Yep. Okay. Alright y'all, y'all gonna get some sweet things, I'm afraid. Here comes some berry uhoh sweet things. Oh, no, No. Please don't uhoh. Oh no. Please Don't. Oh, whenever you're about to do, don't. Where's a little girl? Her go. Oh man. Oh no. This is about to get so messy. I hate these things. Fine. It's about to get so messy.


It's Fine. Oh, not on me. These are new pants. I want It on her face. It's just on Her hands. Yeah. Tastes pretty good. Are you eating it? You got a little bit over here so I just You can Eat it all on. I can't do that. I just can't. You got it. No, I can't. I, no, no, please. You go. I can't. That's so Just l. Just l. So I can't just lick it. I Can, I need it clean. I can't please Matt. Just lick it off my hand. I can't do that. No, Matt, please is leave. Gosh, I can't. I can't. Can you do it? She can do it. I can't do it. I'm not doing that. Yeah, I I put it on his teeth. I put it on his teeth. I got you back. I put it on his teeth.


Oh my. Stand up. Okay. It looks like it's, it could be a hat Now. Bubble at me. Hold that. Oh, Okay. We are getting cake all over the carpet. Oh yeah. He is just rubbing it into the carpet. How about you just spin Harper? What? How about we just spin Harper? Oh yeah, that'd be way. Oh wow. That was, yeah. This is way more Efficient. Yeah. Than My Plan. Go lower. There you go. Oh Yeah. Oh, this is working great. Oh, I'm stepping In so much cake. Wow. It's almost like I just said that. Wow. Play that cake. That is a lot of cake right now. That is so much cake.


It's like, I almost just said that you were stepping in cake. Keep going. That is a lot of cake right there. Cash. Cash. You have a lot of cake right there. You going Harper? I'm gonna, I'm gonna get two Spin. Okay. Go lower. Make sure her legs are covered up. Oh, Let see here. Oh my gosh. Look at my sock guys. Wow. So much cake. Tyler's hole in it. So much cake is cake is on the floor. That is crazy. That is hard. While he's standing. Alright, now come here. Don't just drop her now. I know you want to.


Oh, I can't believe you fell this one, Harper. Oh no. I can't believe you fell this. No. Come out with cocoon. Come out a little butterfly. Come on. We wanna see your face. I actually can't get to where she's so married in there, guys. Darn it. Alright, Fine. I won't do it. Oh, I have no seat. My seat's gone. Look at on my knees like all y'all want. You can sit on that. What's left of it? Just sit on there. That'd be great. Be great freaking seat. There we go.


It's a great seat. I'll sit at the rest of the episode. It's fantastic. Okay, so there's seven levels on this thing. I'm gonna test him out. Starting with level one. Here we go. Okay. Oh, I Can see his neck moving. Okay, Here we go. Ready? I was on one. Here we go. Here we go. Okay. Oh, that's not that bad. That's not that bad. Wait, was that two? That was level one. Here's level two, Bro. Had a little twitch from level one. Oh, okay. Level two's not bad. Aw, here's level three. Ooh. Level three's got a little kick to it. I don't know why. I kind of like it.


All right, Here we go. Level four. Oh, dog's going crazy. Dog's going absolutely wild. What? What just happened? I have Stella. No clue. Stella, come back to your place. Really? Stella. Apparently Stella. Don. Make, just put the shot collar on you. Place Stella Place. Well, looks like we put the shot collar on the wrong animal. Stella Course. Stella. She just wants to explore. Here we go. She'll be fine. Probably she's, I think she's fine. Yep. Alright, here's level four. Alexis, will you Shut Matt's bathroom? I can't press it. Oh, oh, oh, oh.


Everything over behind. How did you do that? Still? You okay? Bad dog. Dude, Alex just got concussed by like a hundred pound light. Oh my goodness. We're like, she'll be fine. And then boom, back there. No, the second we, we were like, she's fine. The dog cannot be behind the camera. Cost of ruckus. There's honestly about a hundred wires back there. Everything. Yeah. I don't even know why. Said that'd be fine. Make sure we still record. We're also delusional. We had too much faith in you still rolling? I had zero faith, but I'll Just going with it. Okay. Here's the, actually Harper, I'll let you test level for me. Okay. Okay. But, but just a tap. Yeah, just A tap.


Don't hold it. Please. If you hold it down, It'll pulse for 10 seconds. Okay. I will, I won't hunt it Down then. Don't tase me for 10 seconds. Oh, please don't Harper. Just, just tap. What level is it on? It is on level. It's on level four. Make sure it's on level four. You ready? Yeah. Oh gosh. Oh man. It's outta nowhere. Okay. How Do I go to level Five? Okay. Show her how to do level five. Okay. See this mob right here? You just twist it. And that's five. And that's there. Okay. I think five might be the max. Here do five. Oh oh oh. Hold it down. Don't hold it down. Don't hold it down. Don't. No, no. I won't hold it down. Are you holding it down? No. Are you? Because I, I don't want it to No. Stop. Someone taking it away. I don't wanna touch my skin. No, it's not gonna touch your skin.


It's Pick me The pun. No I'm not. She's, she hasn't touched anything. I saw you span it. No, it's all in your head. Yeah, It's all in your head. It's Earlier. No. You told what levels. What levels on It's on six. Six. Yes. Six. Yes. Okay. Alright. Level six is the max. I want do, I can't go to level seven I don't think. Aw. Alright. Do level six. What's one more level? Come on. Oh gosh. Gosh. Oh, I saw it. I saw a jerk. I saw a Jerk. I hate it. Alright. Can I see it? Oh, well, looks like, no, I don. No, no, no, no, no. Be nice to him. I'm just gonna turn this baby up. Oh gosh. Matt, please don't. Please don't. Please don't.


Please don't. Oh, I'm just turning it up. I'm stressing for you. Cats. Let's see. I feel so bad for dogs now. Wait, wait. I've never put his skin. I'm not, I'm not put, I'm not touching. Oh my goodness. I haven't done anything. Show me the level. Show me. It's on one. It's on one down. Like a chip. I don't hold it down, man. Became of the Cash. Cash me more of it.


I'm mine. Please. Lemme fix my microphone, bro. Is it okay? Just let me fix my mic real quick. Oh man. Page. I've literally only been vibrating it. I've only been vibrating it. Vibrating. This is vibrating, right? Okay. That's shock. Matt. You have to, you have to turn the dial to vibrate. Oh, so I've been shocking him. Yes. You've been shocking me every single time. I've been getting shocked a lot over here actually. Aw. All right. That's enough of this. Are you vi Is it vibrating your neck? Yeah, It's vibrating. Please don't. Please don't. Please don't. Hey, quiet. I see why dogs obey this. Hey. Yeah. Quiet. I'm quiet. Hey, turn it back to shock. No, please.


Oh, keep up. Kate. I think you would like this. Yeah, I Can to Kate. I like Kate having it. That would be useful for you. Turning it up to seven. No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, we should have put that thing on tighter. What's it on? Seven. No, what? Which one is it? She Doesn't even know how, she doesn't even know how settings Work's. Gonna Actually be on seven. This one? Yeah. Okay. All right. Cash. It's on. See that? That's seven. I can't see it. Lemme see. See right there. It's on seven. It was actually, why Is it actually on seven? Put it on your skin. Put wait, is it on seven?


No, let me look. She's gonna actually put it. Kate, please put it on seven. You know he'll be fine. We don't know. I'll be fine. Cash. No one's been shocked on. 7% be fine. No one's been shocked on seven. It's just a shock. My grandma's done it. Oh, You said your grandma went up to three? No, her grandma went to seven. All Right. Cash. She went up to seven. Present It Kate. She went up to seven. Yeah. Wasn't Gonna put it on my Dodge. Okay. Can we move on with the episode please? Please? No, no. We'll just shock him if he's a bad boy. No, if he Mis behaves i'll, I'll, did that actually hurt? Yes. I didn't actually put it on seven. Does it actually hurt? I don't know. You want me to scrap this dog collar to you? It was on, he's not crying yet. It was on one. I gotta move to the side of my neck this time. My necks getting abused out here. So me and Kate were in our bedroom.


Oh my gosh. Everyone's gonna Love this story. I can't believe I've kept this story private and I haven't told anyone. Okay, let's hear the whole room's gonna Love this story. Oh, I'm excited. I Don't think I Will. No. Whoops. Okay. The whole room, besides someone sitting in the pink chair, we're Excited. Embarrassed me. Whatcha you gonna say? Me and Kate are in our bathroom chilling. And I hear Dog And I'm like, what the, and I'm outside and Kate's in the bathroom, in the toilet and I hear DI was like, that's not a far, ain't nobody fart like that. And what, what's happening was like, oh my gosh. Any, any guess is what it is. It's just Kate and the bathroom door closed.


Oh, the only thing that's in our bathroom is a toilet. There's no sink. Nothing. Just a toilet. And four walls in here. She stop the story. She pooped. What? Why do I gotta stop the story? I don't wanna hear anymore. Any guesses on what happened? She pooped? No. Oh no. It, she Dropped her summer Fridays in the toilet? No, she dropped her cell phone in the toilet. Oh no. In poopy water. Oh. Oh. Was that Ashley poopy? Oh yeah. Oh no. I Don't think I've ever freaked out as much as I have in that moment. Do did she stick your hands in there and get it? I don't even know how it happened, but like, one second. My phone was in the toilet. One second. Second it was in the toilet. Barely. Because for some reason our toilet wasn't very, like, our water has been like really off in this toilet, so it wasn't very full of water. So it didn't really like, It was just full of poop.


No. Oh No. It was not that bad. Can we please talk about something else? Yeah. Wait, I have a question. When, so are you that comfortable with cash to like, just like when you go down and poop, just fart. Like let it all out? Oh yeah. She Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. She, she saves it for nighttime. Sometimes when I come down to get like a midnight step, I'll hear, shut up. I'll hear from their room. Just machine gun going off. You wanna say I far you think I far a lot during the day. I fart a lot during the day because that, but I let it all out all the time. Kate holds it all up and at night it's like, sometimes you think it's a machine gun going on. That is not true. It's like, you know when you fart and then, and then it's like, is like, no. The other morning I was like minding my business, just like sitting in bed.


Cash was like dead asleep and I farted and he like rolls over and he makes eye contact. Like not a smile on his face. He goes, you're taking off like a helicopter. And he just Fell asleep. Just Fell back asleep. It Wasn't, and I didn't understand how he said it so seriously. Like not a smile was cracked. I don't know how sometimes when I wake up in the mornings and Kate does something, I Can say the funniest things and not smile at all. And I'm just like, then I go back to sleep. My Favorite is whenever he, he's like asleep and I like look at him and he randomly like gets in my face and he goes and then falls back asleep. Yeah. I don why I do that? I don dunno why I do that.


Honestly. She'll be sleeping and I'll be sleeping and we both wake up and I to look over her and I go and then I go and I just sleep. I like, he doesn't laugh or anything. I don Wanna sleep with you. I wanna, I wanna just see it. Yeah, I know. Yeah. But yeah, she dropped her poopy, she dropped her phone and poopy toilet and then she gets it out. Harry, dude, it was, I, she, she literally bought a whole new phone case, which I, I ripped. I ripped the screen protector off and I, thankfully I had a screen protector and a case on. So like that, the actual phone I've been trying to tell Harper that doesn't help you. What? The whole thing. Don't ruin me. Okay. I like, I literally drenched my phone. They Said Marketplace $2. I like drenched my phone in alcohol for like, like literally like five times the Next four days after that she'd be like, can you hear my phone?


I was like, no touching. It was really bad. So funny. Things like that touch. Oh yeah. Yeah. You just don't have someone there to expose you on a podcast for millions of people. Do you Harper guys Like, Have you ever checked your toilet? The toilet? Well no. Like, hey, I was so thankful it wasn't a public toilet. Oh, public toilet. Like I All the same at that point. Once it's in there, it's in there. I have a fear. If I dropped my phone on the toilet, I won't grab it. No, I'm not It. I don't, you? Well, okay. See that's what I would've said before a week ago. But a week ago I'd be like, Kate, come get it. No. Like my reflexes like kicked in. I like dropped my phone and I so quickly screamed and like grabbed it without thinking. Oh. And then after I was like, oh my gosh. And I like threw my phone on the floor that happened to Be at school.


Wow. At see Toilet was scared. I was scared because I heard and then she goes, ah. And I was like, what happened? The baby? And she goes, I dropped my phone to the toilet. And I thought it's 'cause she didn't say she got it. I thought she was gonna ask me to get it. I was like, I'm not getting that. Boy. That's, you wouldn't Get the toilet phone outta the toilet? No, I'm not grabbing your phone outta your poopy toilet. Ain't no way I'm doing that. I would do it for you. No you wouldn't. Yeah, I would. All right. I'll go poop in the toilet. Drop my phone there and I'll be like, Kate, come get I would Do it. Okay. I'll do that tonight. Okay. Touch his own feces. Yeah. That's weird. You touch his feces. I would if he asked me to because I love him that much. But I see the love is not received. You touch, what do you what Do you touch feces that much?


Huh? No, I don't think I could actually, I don't think I would wanna touch, I actually, I don't, I don't poop. Harper. What's the most embarrassing thing you do in private? Okay. Actually I was just trying to think of that Really. Like you were actively dating That trying No, because like when, when I was like, when Kay was like, I'm sure you've done it before too. And I was like, well, I, I am trying to think of secondhand embarrassment things I do behind other people's back that nobody knows about me. I'm just thinking is how you drop your phone on the toilet while sitting on the toilet. I don't know how it happened. It just happened. Yeah. I could see like maybe why your pants are coming down. It like falls outta your pocket. Yeah. Like you're standing up or like walking by but like sitting down on the toilet. I don't know. I think I actually, I think I started to stand up and that's what Happened. Did you drop it on the back end or the front end?


It was like towards the front. I told you it wasn't that bad. It was like towards the front of the toilet. Like it like barely Slipped in there. So I'm imagine you standing there like sitting there like this and just uhoh. I Don know how it happened. It all happened so quickly. One second. I was, I had my phone the next, it was in the toilet and the next it was back in my hand. Just the poop emoji. Next, next second she grabbed the poop emoji. I really feel like you were right here and you were like, no, no. I don dunno. I wish I could remember why Is going on your thumb every, oh yeah. His hands are you want, do you wanna interrupt this because No, please show them please. No, It's pretty crazy. You Guys are gonna make him. So Send it to all my friends on Snapchat. I was like, his hands. Yeah, his hands are are wild.


Disgusting. I can't wait for you guys to see his hands. You know what, they're actually, you know, you guys aren't gonna believe it, but this is actually the better side of them. It, I can't believe that's better. Ready? This is so intense. I don't wanna see this. Like two days ago it was even worse. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Why does everybody's face look like that? It's like sickening. Yeah. You look like you're like deceased. You look like you've been raised for Lemme see the other one. Lemme see the other one. That's how I imagined Jesus' hands when he rose. Oh my Gosh. Yeah. So the doctor gave me like this Ka cream that I had to put on my hand. It's supposed to like destroy my skin. So it's doing its job and it's supposed to like, what was he it again? I had like a couple warts and so it was supposed to like get rid of all of 'em.


That same cream is what he told me one time. He goes, if you really wanted to get back at your enemies, You can just put this on their face. Why they sleep at night. I'm just saying it would, it would do that to their face. What enemies do you have? Just say it. Who's walking around? Like, my enemies do You guys wanna see my dance? Yeah. Okay. I guess. Give him out the guitar. Alex, do we wanna see his dance? Yes. Shook his head. No, It's a great dance. It's a great dance. Contentwise, I think we should move on. Yeah. For Contentwise real quick. So just make it quick. Okay. Great. Ball, fun. You did this. Are you ready guys? Wait, will you be able to hear, hear great. Will they be able to hear it's Cash's hat with Harper's hair is crazy?


Yes. Oh Wait, we got, we got back. You wanna go over there? Yeah, why not? Wait. Harper hasn't seen this yet. All right, ready? Cover your eyes now. All Alright, you Ready? Ready? Yeah. You say R saying rattle my Brian two us up Johnson man. And sign you whale. Oh, what? Thrill. What's up? This gracious car. That's it. Yeah. No, don't. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Don't clap for that. You really want all attention on you at all times. Listen Guys, if I'm being honest, I'm, I'm freaking out in the cage. Okay? Cash. Cash. I'm freaking out. Sit. Don't tell me to sit. Sit. Don't tell me to sit, sit, sit. I'm not your dog. I'm not sitting. Sit. Fine.


Good boy. I sit. I said because I want to. Yeah, yeah. See I don't sit anymore. Hey, how about this? Lay down. I'm not laying down. Okay, fine. I'll lay It's lay down. I'm not, I'm lay down. Okay? Is boy, I'm just getting sleepy. No, I'm sleepy. You're doing as you're told. I'm your boss. It's good boy. Cash. Good boy. Good. No, I'm Just, cash is such a good Boy. I'm literally just sleepy. No, no. You like to be controlled don't you? No. You listen, You listen to your brother very well. Yeah. Who's your daddy? I do. I do what I want. Like clearly you don't do what you want. You listen to me very well. No, see I'll stand up right now. See that? How you like that? Huh? How about you lay down? Lay down. Now I'm not doing it this time.


How are you? Lay down. No, I'm done. Lay down. I'm done. Lay down, I'm done. Lay down. Nope. Not doing it. Lay down. Nope. Lay down. Okay, I'm getting sleepy again. That took some melatonin before this. Oh. Or you gotta pout. You can have an attitude. Yeah. Okay. Cash. What's your one truth and one lie. My one truth and one lie is I haven't brushed my teeth in three days. Or How do you, how do you like your husband? I'm sorry. Hey, That could be a lie. That could be the lie. The Fact that everyone was like, well that's the truth. Yeah. What? The not you got me not one fish. Okay. So you might as well don't, that's the truth. Whatever you're about to say next is the lie. I Haven't brushed my teeth in three days or I haven't brushed my teeth in four days.


To Think one of those is true is really, it's concerning Which one's it gonna be. Four days is the truth. Four days, four days. If you didn't brush your teeth for three days, what's one more Day? So that's what I'm saying. I'm, I'm gonna try for five tomorrow. Oh God. No, no, no, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. The, the actual truth in lie is I haven't brushed my teeth in three days or four years ago. I kissed Charlie Emilio Four years ago. You kissed Charlie. I know the answer to this one. Alright, what's the lie? I'm going last. Oh, I'm saying the lie is you, I mean I I'm your wife. I know you brush your teeth every day. I see it. Oh that's good. Yeah, that's good. She genuinely didn't think you brushed your teeth every day. Yeah. What The heck Howard?


No, I actually Wait, so you've kissed Charlie Emilio? Well, we don't know. I haven't said yet. Yeah, What do you think The truth is? You kissed Charlie Delio I guess. Whatever. It's cool I guess. Okay. Kenzie, I'm gonna go with that too. I heard you've kissed quite a few people. Whoa. Whoa. It's like 34 or something. You've been, or 34. You've really been talking right? Your mouth on tank. Tell the whole town. So sorry. Unfortunately I do know the truth. Yeah. And you did kiss Charlie Emilio on The lip on the lips. Yeah, that's the truth. I was there. No he was not. Okay. I think it should be my turn. Lay Down one truth and one lie.


One of my first one is cash kiss Charlie Emilio. No, you definitely did kiss Charlie Lio Though. That's insane. When, Wait, why is that insane That someone would kiss him? No, that Charlie Emilio kissed cash. So you're basically whenever you kiss. I know, it's crazy. He went that, wait Matt, it's just wild. What, what? What were you guys say? Harm like, so Basically when you kiss cash you're kissing Charlie Emilio. No, No. Does the Renegade ever rub off on you cash the Rene again? Cash Harper. The truth is he tried. He got rejected. I did said so. I had to kiss Dixie. Okay. No kidding. No, no, no. The truth is actually is it's a joke. Yeah.


What's a joke? Which one's a, what do you mean it's a lie or they're, I never kissed Charlie. Emilio dude. And you never brushed your teeth, huh? And you never brushed your teeth. Yeah, they're both a lie. What's the point in the game? I Don't, You can game. I don't think you understand the game. What do you mean it's one truth, one lie. Do you want us think you well or I Can say two. Two lies and y'all gotta guess a lie if they're both lies. No, that wasn't an option. No, that wasn't the game. Alright Guys, welcome back to the LOL podcast. Unfortunately things are not being LOL right now. This is Serious Cash and Kate. I mean, I don't know how else to really tell you guys this besides they broke up and I'll let you guys take it from there. Oh, thanks Matt. Thanks for the intro. Yeah, I mean like what? Why, Why?


Because there was other girls. And I don, I don't wanna make this awkward between y'all, obviously. Like, I mean, Whose side are You on? First of all? First of all, there's No sides. Kate, come on Now. There was not other, okay. There was A friend to all Is a friend to none. There Was other guys too, huh? Oh, that's new information I did not know about. I did not know. Yes you did. There was other guys, Matt, but y'all about, this is the first time I'm hearing of this. Y'all are still friends, right? What do you mean? Oh, we're married now. No. Yeah, well now we're married. Oh, Obviously obvious, But when it did happen, oh yeah. Yeah. So pretty much when me and Kate were like 14, 15, nah, probably like 14. We were talking on this app called House Party, which is like, oh yeah, you know what House Party is?


Yeah, yeah. There we were talking about this app called House Party, which is, you guys dangerous, don't know what it is, remember that? No. You know it's dangerous. How's it Dangerous? It's, it's a group FaceTime app for Samsung As and iPhones to combine because I had a Samsung and she had an iPhone. So it was a group FaceTime app. And You can also see who your friends are on FaceTime with while they're on FaceTime with them. And it'll say open party or locked party. They could lock the door to the party. And an open party means You can just join randomly locking it means that you have to be invited and, which wasn't fun. It was no fun. When you see all your friends in a locked party, locked party let me In. But they're not unlocking it. 'cause you, they Loki didn't want you there. And me and Kate would be in a house party and it would show You random facts.


Yeah, we would be in a, a FaceTime. We'd just meet her and then she'd be like, alright, I gotta get off, I gotta go blah, blah blah. Or was it the other way around? I Gotta go walk my fish. No. Was it that way? No, It was after school. I would, I would talk to you. Oh, so it was the other way. So you talked to him first? Yep. Okay. So she'd be talking, I'd be like, let's talk or whatever. Right. Then before I'd get on to like invite her, she's in a house party with another guy and It says lot. And I was like, Hmm. And I always, I go, I asked you about it multiple times. I was like, you can't be in a locked party with another dude. Right. Esp like come on. Hey, that's like rules of being 14. Hey, he did not ask me to be his girlfriend yet. I was still playing the field.


And I was like, Hey, well you play in the field. I was like, you go girl. I was like, who's that? And you're like, don't go girl. Her what? No. Go girl. I was single. No go girl. Listen man. No. Okay. Yeah. You were single. What about a liar too? You were that because I asked you and I was like, who's that? And you're like, oh, that's just one of my like, that's just my friend. Like that's like my Best friend. That's just my friend. Yeah. Yeah. She, I when guys are, hey, you know she's gotta love everybody. Yeah. Like girl best friend. And then one day I get on the house party app and the party is with him, her and the guy. And it's unlocked. They forgot to lock the party. So I joined the party. Rookie Mistake. I joined the party and you know, Kate's just playing the field, not lying. Definitely everything she's doing is completely okay. No, and what, What?


My bracelet is just ruined. Okay. You know what one, apparently Kate's not doing anything wrong here, but when I joined the party of her and the guy, she freaks out and leaves. They're nice. So she just, she just leaves the party and then it's just me and the dude in there. Well that's nice. Now it's just two dudes in a locked party. Oh God. So you can't get out and unlocked a party. It was unlocked. Oh. That's how, that's how it joined. And I joined Kate just freaks out and leaves. And now it's just me and the dude in there. And we're like, What's up? You don't even know the backstory you Do. And he's like, what's up? And I'm like, what's up? And then we just, we just kind of, we one of us leaves and then Yeah, pretty much Kate was cheating on me. I wasn't Cheating. We went Together and Huh? You clearly were hiding something 'cause you ran away.


No, Because listen, I was still weighing my options. That's all I was doing. The guy, What was this guy's name? Harper. You're 14. Yeah. I'm gonna say, say names we're not gonna say the name at, at 14 years old, Cass, do you still think the name Harper at 14 years old? Would you consider that? What would you consider that we Weren't dating? If it was unlocked, then I would be fine. We weren't dating. Yeah. Listen. Well Actually, yeah, if, if like any guy that I was talking to was in a house party with another guy that With another girl. With another girl. I mean, then like, I would kind of be mad. We Weren't even really talking though. We Were talking Not Really, Not really.


Listen, I was weighing my options because I, I, I liked cash and I also liked this other guy. And I said, Hmm, cash lives in Oklahoma. I have math class with this guy and I see him every single day. So I was talking to him after school and then before bed I would get on and talk with cash and I wasn't dating either of them. So you, do You hear that? And then hear that she would get on and talk with you? Yeah. Y'all were talking, talking. I'd have a conversation with him and then, And then, and then I ghosted you. No damn. Yes ma'am. I ghosted you because I Started dating. Okay. Now she wants You never ghosted me. I did. No, no, you did not swear. No, you did not swear. Because I literally go, girl, I literally started dating. Stop doing That. I Literally, I don I don't like that. I started. You go girl.


I started dating the guy and obviously I wasn't gonna talk to another guy when I had a boyfriend. Really? You kissed me when you were dating him. You were So when did I Kiss you? The truth comes out. Remember That we did Not kiss. Oh sorry. We got close to kissing. And then you said, I wish you would've kissed me. Yeah, I still did. That's why like, that's not any better case. Yeah. Hey, I was 13. You're a little cheater. I Was just a teenage girl. I would never do that. She's just trying to love. Yeah. While Kate was dating this guy, I, me and Kate were in that four hour hug. We talked about that one time. Yeah. And she wanted me to kiss her and I didn't, 'cause I was like, does she like me? Does she like me? Not because like, she's dating a guy but she's talking to me for four hours. I'm kind of confused.


And then afterwards she told me she wished I would've dated her. Wow. You look really dumb. I don't know what to call that. You look little, you see a Little L you do like an she's in her element. I'm uncomfortable. But yeah. So that's, I get Smiler. That's the story about how we broke up. There's something else that's heartbreaking. It actually, it actually broke Kate's heart and I watched this girl cry. Ghost Day. The ghost? No, she cried over something. Y'all probably won't even believe I will. Oh, Meagle is gone. Oh my God. I'm so sad. Oh, Meagle is gone forever and ever. It's gone forever. I did not know it.


And You guys, I was like, yeah, if you guys don't know what Omegle is, you're too young. I mean, good for you. I mean, you lasted, you lasted, There's a monkey app now. It's called monkey.com or something like that. Yeah, That app's been out for a long time. But that one's not as good. I But why, why, why is Amigo gone? Because me and my friends used to go on it as sleepovers. I looked it up and apparently it was just in so many cases against pedophiles. My name's Chris Hanson and I'm on Omel. What? Huh? No, I like, I Was so sad and I was, I would always hope for TikTok creators to come on there and be like, I know where you live. That's how you guys caught the pedophile, right? That is how we caught the pedophile. Yeah. I mean Omegle was full of pedophiles. I can't, can y'all believe that? Like, y'all got an actual pedophile catcher. I actually, I got caught one. Like I had my net like SpongeBob caught you and I guys phone taken away.


You did? I did. Like that was crazy. I did that at 16. I was Wait, no. I was like my favorite part of the thing, this whole story is like the guy drove like hours to get there and he had to figure out how to get home without Google maps. And nowadays, I don't know how you do that. No idea. Wait, where did you And it was raining. Huh? Where did, where did you put the phone? Well I got the pedophile off Omegle. I told him I was a little 16-year-old girl and I, or like 14 or something. And he brought to Kate for the bait. Yeah. And then I brought Kate for the bait. And then when he got there I was like, I told like a cop just happened to pull up, literally just happened to pull up. And I told the cop what we were doing and the cops went over there and then they, they like confiscated his phone. Yeah. And Then they were like, how old are you? Because we were using pictures of me. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I'm 17 or 16 or something.


And he was like, so don't ever do this again 'cause you could go to jail next time. And I was like, oh Yeah. So what the cops are, the cops shut down my pedophilia business and I was, I feel catching business. I I was a hundred percent, what's that called? Success Your rate, you were on your way to Jeffrey Epstein. I was a hundred percent percent success rate. I was literally, yeah, I was gonna catch Jeffrey. I was on him when they, they shut me down. Jeffrey Dahmer? No, no, that one too. Jeffrey Dahmer did I I was, I had a business on that too, but I had some leaves died. I Can't believe what Jeffrey Dahmer did. Really? Didn't he cook his mom in a stove? No, His mom. Yeah. No, no, no, no he did not. No, no she didn't, he didn't do that. There's no way he cooked his mom, his brother, his Mom turned the stove on to try to commit suicide.


Oh, like me, the garage with the dirt bikes. Yeah. Yeah. Guess what I have on my phone? My cellular device. What do you have on your cellular device? Instagram? Yeah, but no, no, I have Reclip The Gram. And guess what? Oh, do you guys dunno what Reclip is. It's a, this is never good. It's an app where you just constantly two minutes. You constantly have it going and if you like, it's constantly running in the back of your phone. So you literally just have the app like in the background like that this has To be sponsored And No, it's, you know what it is. What? I just clipped you. Oh, Clipped me. There You go. No. Anyways guys, listen, so it's always running in the back of your phone and pretty much I caught Acking.


No, You know, you know what I caught him saying? What did you catch me saying? Yeah. He doesn't know what I Can say because you guys have, you guys watched the other episode where Mav exposed me cash Cash using Reclip cash. I was like, I'm gonna get him back cash. So now I have a reclip of Maverick Cash. Careful with what you play right now. And like I said, I don dunno if I explained it very well, it's always running in the back of your phone and it it like, at any time You can like click clip cash. What did you, it steals the last two minutes of audio that you just said, but you don't have to click record like it's always going. So Maverick said something crazy, man, get cut outta episode. You don't have your phones. I'm sorry, what? What are you doing? I I I was, I'm telling a story. I was downloading Reclip. Oh nevermind. You can get back.


So let me just enough said, let me just, lemme just explain or let just show you the reclip. It is. Why am I kind of scare you? Y'all listen to this. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Wait. Oh wait. No, it's this one. Wait, ready, wait, hold on. No wrong one. Okay, Here we go. With your girlfriend then just answer the question. Would you get, would would what? No, no, no. Tell me straight up. Oh my God. Would you Get back with your girlfriend? Your ex-girlfriend? Would you make her your girlfriend again? That's a hard question. Just say answer honestly. Probably.


Wow. Wow. That's crazy. I know That is out of context. That is out of context. Would you like to explain yourself? That is not the whole conversation. Crazy. Much more to that conversation. No ma that's it. That's whole conversation. No, there's much more to that conversation. That was the whole conversation. No, he's, he no, there's much That was whole conversation. Anything he after this was a lie. No, he said, he said Maverick. If it was, if, if if she, oh yeah, what did I say? You said, I'm trying to remember. It was like weeks ago. You said if she, you said something like if she was the last person she day on earth or something. No, I didn't. Yeah, you did. You were like, you were like, if if if she was the last person on earth or like you made up one of your hypotheticals and I was like, I guess if oh last person and I had to procreate then sure Procreate.


That's Still you getting back with your ex. I Just can't believe that you got caught in a hypothetical and you answered and he clipped it. Yeah, he clipped a hypothetical, but no, it was not, it was not like a That's such a cool eye getting back with her right now. Okay. Either way, whatever was set before, who really cares? He said he would get back with his ex. That's not what I said. And I don out of context. You are desperate. But I'm not desperate. If one of his exes are watching this hit him up. No, don't do that. Hit him up. Don't finger single because of you and ready to a message to all my exes. A message to all my exes. I love you all dearly. He misses you. I love you all.


He misses you. He misses your kisses. He misses your hugs. Great people. He misses everything about you. He misses the touch of your pants. He misses your cuddle shut. But I, I personally, I'm just not interested in romantically pursuing people at the moment. You know? Well, why'd you say people bro? People don't assume that. Okay. There you go. Sorry. There you go. Yeah, that's better language. Every time any of y'all get on your phone on the podcast, you're like, it's like mindless brain scrolling on TikTok. It says you no, there's nothing I Can stand more than people mindless people brainlessly scrolling on their phones. Which is kind of odd because you might be watching this on a short form piece of content right now and you just scrolled. And if you are wake up ghost. If you're gonna scroll, at least scroll on our stuff.


Yeah. But but drop a link. Yeah, but, but I'm Gonna find some friends. But You're just gonna, but yeah, but honestly don't scroll. Like it's, it's killing your brain. Like go Touch some grass Please. I see people just sitting there like this. No, the worst is at the gym And they're just scrolling. Oh my gosh. The gym Is actually insane. Everybody just has their phone up and they're scrolling Outside. Matt's a gym scroller. What? You are a gym scroller. You're, you just sit on a piece of machine and you're like, That is not true at all. He's like this. They're like in between sets. Scrolling. I Like That is not true. That is true. That is so unfactual, Mav, golfing. Y'all don't know what happened. What? Me and this man went to Cancun. We are on the golf range. We're two dudes in Cancoon. 'cause we were at this resort. Not much else better bro. No, take that back.


Run off. We don't like being, you weren't any better of this compared to you. I was Tiger Woods man. He was the driver for everything we're on. He didn't even have a tea. He just used one club. He used the driver for everything. He, he put in the ball in, he's using the driver. I I did. He stuck in the sand. He used in the driver. Everything. I used the big driver. Hey, you know what, I won. So, so I think you won. Yeah, I did win. Don't even say that. This was like two years ago. I don't, I don't know. That was not two years ago. It was like last year. Listen to this. We get to the point in this, there's golf course where there's like golf land, little greenery and greenery right here. And then there's like a 60 foot probably. No, there's like a hundred foot section that's just like swamp.


It's a river. It's like swampy and you gotta hit it over the swamp over the river. I go up there Over the river, right over the river. Cows n near practically a hole in one. Right near the hole. No, not right near the hole. Barely over the river. Maverick goes up there. River. Oh, keep in mind we only have a limited amount. We only ain't golf. We only have a do a whistle. I got you for the river sound. Okay, listen, we only have a limited amount of golf balls. So he goes up, theres again puts one of our other golf balls up there, which we paid like $50 for these pack of golf balls. They were so expensive. Reason was $8 a golf ball. So we go up there, Matt goes, oh that was actually pretty impress.


That was actually really good. And he hits it in the river and I was like, okay, alright now one more ball. You go one more ball. And if it doesn't go, we got two left. If it doesn't go, you're just gonna start on that side. We'll just like throw your ball somewhere random. He goes up In the river and I'm not even kidding, he hit every single one of our golf balls into the swamp. So I went on this little bridge in the swamp trying to gr with my big driver, trying to grab, trying to grab golf balls. And I we're both in the trees trying to find, we're in Cancun. There's this swamp is scary. It's scary bro. It's a scary, it's like the jungle. There could be alligators, monkeys, baboons, giant lizards coming at us.


Yeah, there was giant lizards like this that would just go. Yeah. And you're like, ah. And Why are you so Dramatic? They were scary. It's scary It didn't understands like, it's like that li the lizard off Jesse. Yeah, they would just run out nowhere. They're like coming at us and I would be like trying to grab a ball and then it would get close and I'd be like, ma, I don't wanna reach down and grab it though. 'cause like we don't know what's under the bridge. Like could grab me. Glad I found like eight more golf balls. Oh. I was like, this is like $50 worth. Bring it back.