
What's your kiss count? What's not advice you wish you would've gotten as a teenager? I'd say a big piece of advice I have is like, just find your friends and find your group and be happy with it. And like there's no need to chase after like the popular group, They act like they love each other and they post the cute tiktoks and they post the Instagram pictures. But the whole night they were talking bad about each other And in our camper trailer there were bunk beds in the back where the four of my siblings slept and I was on the top bunk. And so I was going up and I like slipped on the silk sheet and like did like a back flip and I hit like the doorway and my mom didn't find me till like five or 6:00 AM when she woke up. Wait, what were you not Like screaming, crying? I passed out but she said she walked up to me. There's just a pool of blood around me.


We have a special guest. What? What? What? The cast right over. Wow. That getting to that I was get any more awkward. I was getting to that. Yeah. Welcome Back Reese. Last time we had you was like seven months ago. Yes. I'm very happy to be Back. Yes. And everybody loves you. Oh good. Good. We're here for another girl talk. I'm very Excited. Yes, we're we're back and better than ever. Yeah. A good smelling set that's not messy And gross And yeah, but cheesy. We asked you guys on my Instagram if you had any girl talk questions because a couple months ago we did this. You guys literally sent in like thousands of questions. I'm not even like exaggerating. There were so many questions. It's like physically impossible to answer every single one.


But we answered some a couple months ago and now we are answering some more because you guys liked it. So we all have a bunch of questions that y'all asked on our phone. So I guess Kenzie, since you already got the questions up, Didn't just like go at it on my phone like that. Just like Go at it. I know I was, I was like peeking pretty hard guys. It's so nice the boys aren't here Today. Yeah, it's really nice. Well They are but they're not sitting next to us. Yeah. And I'm kind of sketched out because the last few times what's Wrong, This hole behind me has had some crazy things come out of it. Yeah. So I'm scared All Kate have at it. I mean you really upped the game on all of us. 'cause what are you wearing? What? Like you look really nice. You look really good.


Well thanks guys. We all look like we just jumped outta bed. Y'all look Great. I just put this on like earlier. Okay. To be fair, I put this on when I thought we were filming for Cash and Maverick and then we didn't and I just like never changed. But if it makes you That was cute. Thank you. If It makes you feel better, I gave honey. Are you okay? You smell of here did it? I got Hair in my, it was like a honey hair, but I gave honey a bath earlier today so I kind of smell like dog bath Like crap. Well I don't smell it. Okay. Wait, so should I just pick? Yeah, go For It. Do whatever your heart desires. Okay. This one is really relevant for some of us in the room. Okay.


I turned 16 this month, so I was wondering, Hey, get off your phone. I was like I was on that. Did you ask this Snapchat? I was on the videos or The photos? She was on Snapchat. Liar. Okay, go please. Okay. She says I turned 16 this month. So I was wondering what were you most excited about when you turned 16? Well, I'm freshly 16, so I guess Harper First to You. Harper. I guess the, the skirt. Skirt. Oh, oh, sorry. Skirts. No, the the skirt. Skirt. The the thing. Okay. It's called a car. I don't know. That's You Mean the part where you like back into somebody in the drive on the right side of the road and then on the sidewalk You didn't have to bring that up.


No. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I do really like driving because it has changed my whole entire life. I know. When you start, No, don't even, It does, it does change Your life. It changes your life completely when you start driving. I remember being in high school, there was a girl on the softball team with me, she was like a couple years older and I, I didn't have my license yet and she was talking to like all of us underclassmen and she was like, when you guys turn 16, like don't wait to get your license. Get it, Get it right away. The freedom you get when you are able to just drive yourself and you don't have to rely on someone else or your parents is like phenomenal. That's so nice. It's awesome. Obviously not everybody can get their license when they turn 16 if your parents don't let you. But yeah, if You can, you need to Don't be like scared to drive.


No. 'cause also did you guys know that if you like are scared to drive or like if you like wait to start driving, the older you get the more your brain like develops and you become aware of the like dangers of driving. Too scared. And so the older you get too scared, the more scared you'll become. So The way, the way it's actually, yeah, The way that I've gone in like almost 30 crashes. Oh my. I'm kidding. Mom, you've been 30 Days. Oh my goodness. No, but my, you've only been driving for like a week. No, it's just You got grounded from your car. It's the way, okay. I got grounded and then I got it back. Okay. Yeah. So since you got your car back, have you had any Mishaps? You could. If my mom was do, I mean I got a sticker on my car today from the stupid School.


Really? Wait, did you park in the wrong sticker? No. No. Freak you school. She Ain't get a parking sticker that like, oh You didn't pay for Stupid. Like are you kidding? And I told you literally last, am I trespasser TPAs? She needs to get one. And then what happened today? You get a giant stick. Okay, blue. Well, one of my In your car. It's not blue stickers, it's green number one. Oh, I thought that was also number two. Sorry. Also number two. Excuse you Reese. Why? Why? How the heck, how the heck am I supposed to go into school tomorrow? Get a sticker and go back out? They won't let you because apparently it's illegal. Okay, well you should have gone. Okay, Wait, wait, what is this blue or green or whatever Color parking stick. It's green. Well you Need like the parking sticker. And I'm assuming that the thing that got left on your car today was like a parking violation thing. Yes. And I can't get it off.


It's they're impossible to get Off. Didn't your mom, I remember one time you got one and your mom was like, they put it on Reese's car and it's impossible to get off. It's so impossible. That has to be like vandalism or something. Actually I'm in vandalize the school because of it. No, you're Not. I know you're not. I mean like Your car is like trespassing. So like you have to pay for it. I'm Sorry, which, Okay. Does your school still give you guys parking passes like in the middle of the year? Yeah. I mean like whenever you get your license You can get, Dang, my school since there was like way too many kids that could drive and not enough parking spots, you only got a parking pass. They let seniors get it first and then if all the seniors got it and they're still juniors, they let the juniors. But once the, it was like on like the first week of school you had to get it and then after that they're just like gone.


So like if you get your driver's license like halfway through the school year, you can't drive until the next year. Which that's so annoying. I know. I was Wait, can you get a parking pass without showing them your id? No, you can't. They they don't give out any more parking passes because all of them are gone. No, what I'm saying is like, let's say Harper didn't turn 16 till the spring time, but what if she bought a parking pass in September, August? Oh no, no, no. Yeah, you had to like have your license in order to get one. Wow. That's dumb. Yeah, It Crazy stupid. I'm so stupid. Or I'm so dumb with it. Like the school's stupid and I'm sick of it. I just, That'll teach you not to go get a There. Car. Car. Yeah. Harper. Harper. Excuse Harper. Harper's favorite thing is getting her car. Yeah. Yeah.


Does anybody have a a different thing other than that? Ooh, I was really excited because, so I had started dating cash three weeks before I turned 16. So obviously I was like gonna get my license and I was excited for that. But in my brain I was convinced like the second I turned 16, my parents were gonna let me fly out to LA by myself. So I was like hyped for that and then they didn't let me for like six months. The difference is, wait, You were so hyped when you turned 16 to fly to la I was so hyped to drive down the street to go to the donut store Five By Wait, you Got to drive to LA or you got to go to LA alone? No, so when I was 16, I didn't get to go to LA for six months. Months. And then I only got to go because Cass's parents were flying out there.


And so when they were flying out there, Oh, Harper. So I had a it, I had an itch Up in my nose. So when they were flying out there, my parents were like, okay, You can go with them. So I went out there with them for like a week and then a couple months later I went by myself for the First time. Have they had they ever a couple months later you went by yourself? Well yeah, because I had already been out there with Cassius parents. You hear that mom Harper. Well you're different. You able take care of yourself. You're different If you by yourself. I Would, could you get There an airport by yourself? Oh, how you, who is you? Okay, well could you get, could You get through an airport by yourself? Yes. Definitely not. Yes. Could you find your way to a hotel by yourself? No, I don.


And also the only reason Harper lived in LA so it was like my parents trusted that when I went out to LA by myself, that couch would take care of me. And he did. He came and he picked me up from the airport so I didn't have to Uber by myself. I don know Kenzie could pick me up from the airport. Kenzie. Well your parents Still you her. Okay. You Can do. My mom does. She's very Nice. Are you gonna be visiting Kenzie? You have no time for that? Yeah, we you have school and you have a podcast. Oh, who you. Alright. Coming from That had baby. Oh my gosh. Would you say when you were 16 that your license is what you're most excited for? For Probably like, I like Is there anything else you get when you In 16? I don dunno. Maybe some people like, like aren't allowed to date until they're 16. A license? Yeah. My sister was dating at the ripe age of two weeks old.


Oh, Two weeks old. Totally. What does that mean? She, nevermind. All right. Your turn to pick a question. Yeah, sure do. Question. There was actually, okay, so Harper just made me think of this question. Oh did you? Sorry. When she was getting mad at Reese, it made me think of this question someone asked, they said, did you have different phases while growing up? Like the, I hate everything and everyone phase. Oh, but the way you were just raging made me think of that. Would you say you have that? Yeah, I mean, no. No, but it's more just like depends on the day for you, I feel like. Yeah, right. Or the time of day. Yeah. Yeah. Right now I'm extremely mad for some reason. Dunno why and I 'cause you got a parking ticket or whatever.


I'm so mad. I'm very pressed. Yeah, I had that phase. I was like yelling at everybody when I was like 15. Yeah, no, nobody was safe. So yes, I did have that face growing Up. Have you seen that one Miley Cyrus clip where her voice sounds like a frog and she was like, I just want to do it. And then it's a cat. Like farty. No. It's so funny. No. Did you say it was a miss? Yes. All Right. That's weird. I didn't Have like an anger face, but I did have like a, just not wanting to share phase, like kind of secret keeping. Like if my parents asked me, oh, what did you do at school? Or like, how was softball? I'd be like, it's fine. Everything's Fine. Oh, I thought you meant physically sharing. Like I didn't wanna like share my Belongings. No, I, Yeah, I don't wanna do get inappropriate. And I also go through phases together.


Like phases were all fight a lot or Like get along. Yeah. Yeah. Just yeah, like yeah. Oh that is a big thing as, I don't know if you and Anna went through this too. Yeah. But me and my sister, it was like up and down, up and down on when we liked each other. Like when we were five we were best friends. And then when we were 10, when we were like, I hate your guts. And we turned 13, it was like, oh we can be friends again. And then she went to high school and I was still in junior high and it was like, I hate you again. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, I would say that. I guess we went back and forth depending on the age, but I don't know. Having sisters is weird. It's like What's the age difference than you and Anna? Eight. A year and a half. Six, seven. Oh, just a year and half. Oh what Are you on? Wait, why did you act like this on the last episode too?


You were Like, wait, what? The last like Girls episode. It's like Harper just doesn't know how to act when the guys aren't here. No, it's good. I just, it's funny, it brings the laugh out Loudness to the Laugh Out loud podcast. I'm just gonna stop. I'm insecure now. Insecure. I'll just pick out my question. There might be a question about insecurity. Honestly, there was a lot. Okay. There was so many questions. Like the thing has been up for like an hour and a half and there's so many, like I can't even get through all the, I'm talking, okay. Okay. Why are girls so emotional? What? Why are you talking like that? I just, I'm emotional right now.


Oh, okay. Okay. Are you getting into character while answering the questions? No, it's just, you made me, I can't even hear you honestly. Okay. You made me emotional. I don dunno, but yeah. Why are girls so emotional? Personally? I'm not emotional. I don't have that insecurity or anything. So we can help. That doesn't wait. Reese is extremely emotional. Okay. What? Put your sister on blast watch. I mean that's, if I do one thing, she starts going, oh, like okay, that was a mess. All right. Okay. Okay. But like, but we should have A whole sister's podcast. I know my sister be my sister. That would be fun. 'cause we're all like similar, different. Is your sister's name Jaylee? Jc. Jc? Right. That she mixed Together. I have another sister, but that sister is closer in age.


Is Her name Jaylee? Her name is Kaylee. So, Alright. Alright. Makes sense. I got 'em confused. Yeah. Yeah. Did you Answer your question? What was Your question? Why are girls so emotional? I'm not emotional so I don't Well, No, I think they're asking like why are, maybe not you, But like why in general are girls emotional or emotional than boys? No, you don't Have an answer. Boys are very emotional. I can't lie. I, one time I stood up and farted in a guy's face and he started crying. Oh. He was like running, he running. He was running around saying, I'm gonna get pink guy. I was like, what? How old you were? You like five? No, I was like 12. Oh My God. So I don't know it, it was a while ago, but still.


Okay. Anyways, Brie is definitely sometimes a little emotional for sure. Yeah. I think Ev I think you are too. You definitely are Too. Yeah. One time at dinner I started crying to Kate like it was after our live show. I looked at her and I was like, and I started just crying. That's emotional. I don't see, you cry very often, but you get mad More often than I cry. Yeah. That is also Emotional. Like something about Harper is like, she never cries. Like we will watch the saddest movie ever and like our entire family will be bawling and Harper like will have a straight face and it doesn't face or whatsoever. It's like if you see me crying, it's over something big or something like super small or over a boy. Like what? No. Okay. I, I also started walking sideways in the hallway one time and I started, I started crying because I was so scared.


I called my mom, I was like, I'm walking sideways. And then, and she was like, okay honey, do you need me to pick you up? I remember But you were posting on your story and you're like, something is wrong. This is like three weeks ago. Okay. Three weeks ago I was walking sideways like I was walking. Why? Like you had like vertigo. I was with my friend Addie and I was walking, but I couldn't stop walking sideways. You were being weird. Wait, Be so honest. Were you like trying to get attention or Swear on everything? I was at, I was walking sideways. She's literally crying. I was crying in the hallway. I was like, why am I walking sideways? And like, I thought it was maybe 'cause like my bag was on like a side of me. But no, I was walking sideways for some reason. I don't know. Okay. How long did this last? It Lasted for like a good 15 minutes.


And I was just walking sideways. Go to the nurse? No, I wanted to, but the nurse is mean. Oh, so You just called Your mom Nurse. Nurse was like, honey, honey. Okay. Did you Do anything that would've caused like a concussion or something? No, I didn't. I don't know what happened. I was just, just walking sideways. Wow. And I think I was having a panic act. Sorry. I had a panic attack too because I was on my school's bad posture page and I didn't wanna be on that page. So it was like, no, There's a bad posture page. Wait, what? Show me. So, or just explain some examples. Just like, it's like they randomly take photos, posture, And then like people just like take photos of people. Like anybody in The cafeteria's. Okay. Yes. But then Submit it to the Instagram page Over, if I saw a picture of myself on that, I would've thought it Was hilarious.


Yeah. I was all over it. Apparently Harper has bad Posture. Yeah, I get it. Okay. Which Trying to tell Her, but she doesn't understand. But Honestly, after I got, if you get clipped once on the bad posture page, you would think that would fix it. Yeah. Yeah. No, apparently not. No. Yeah. Yeah. But no, I, I think, I don't think it was the bad posture page. I think it was just something else like going around on like bar stools or something. Yeah. And I was so sad. And then I started walking sideways and I didn't know what to do. So Understandable. Started crying. So you started crying. So emotional, Emotional damage. Okay. Okay. Repeat The one one from that. Okay. The question I picked out is, what are your best tips for handling mean? Girls Hit in the face. Yes.


I'm Kidding. I'm kidding. That's literally what I just said. Don't do that. I feel like I've dealt like a, like a lot with this recently. Oh, for sure. Pretty sure. And I just think that the best option is to not like fight back and be mean back, but just like, ignore it and like let them win. And See she's trying to act like the perfect person right now. I'm just saying like, I've, I've fought back before and it doesn't turn out well. Yeah. So like the best thing to do with dealing with mean girls is to just ignore itt Give, like, it doesn't bother You can, you literally can't give it attention. Like, you know when there's like, like, you know when there's like, you're at like a family function and there's like the the little kid and you played with them for like two minutes and now they think you're best friends and they won't leave, leave you alone. You're like, oh, I just can't get attention. You have to do that to the mean girls and then they leave you alone.


Because when you're not giving them attention, they go, they gotta go find something else. Them a function. Yeah. One because They get bored, but also two, sometimes when you fight back, it gives them more ammunition. It literally like fuels them. Because You might have said something like, let's say you respond with a text message and you have like a grammatical error. Well then they're gonna roast you for that or Whatever it might be grammatical. Okay. Oh my gosh, I know what you mean. One time in seventh grade I like said something wrong or I spelled a girl's name wrong and then she like did the right name with the star above it. And I was like, okay. Yeah. I don't just mean grammatical errors. That was like a light thing to say, but like, let's say you like said something really mean and now they share it with somebody else and like look how mean she's, Or maybe you like say something contradicting to what you've said before.


Yeah. It's like, just don't fight the heat because when you fight back, it just gives them more to like No. Yeah. Store all your emotions inside of you and then you'll be fine. No, that's not what we're saying either. We're saying don't encourage it because when you interact with people that are being, being like that, it only encourages and like fuels the fire. So Yeah. That's a, That's a good, I don answer. I just like, literally like girls like in middle school especially are like so mean. And high school And high school All girls so mean. So mean, so mean. Is it rude? I mean, I'm sure we're, we're also not victims of it too. Like we, we can be mean too. Oh Yeah. I think everybody has. I mean, I know everyone's been Before. Yeah. I mean Reese has been pretty rude before too. Okay. And so have you I think we've all been, we've all probably done things and said things to people that we're not proud of For sure.


But I think a lot of that has to do with like jealousy and comparison. Yeah, Exactly. That's what I, that's all what my anger comes from. Yeah. Because I get so jealous from Reese. Oh That was, that was another question is somebody was like, do you get jealous or, oh, let see. Like, have comparison. What was the Question? Yes, I have Terrible. Do you ever, wow. I hit the nail on that. Okay. Do you ever struggle with jealousy for co compare Stop? Yeah. Do you ever Struggle with jealousy or comparison? If so, what did you do to stop? Yeah. I, I haven't stopped. I ma I, I generally, I have major comparison and jealousy issues, especially with Reese. Aw. She's tall. She's the perfect bo. She has good hair, good bod. She has straight teeth. Okay. And so do you.


Yeah. Really? Yeah. Wow. Do you ever think, do you ever wish you were me? Yeah. Are you sure? All the time. No, you don't stop trying to make me feel better. No. Okay. And I just like don't understand. She pulls all the boys and stuff and I, she pulls All the, You Right now are pulling lots of boys. You literally act like no guys are ever interested in you. What mom Did Harper just get embarrassed. That was crazy. Wow. I don dunno If I've ever seen Harper. Doesn't like talking about boys Breathe. Wait, We'll bring that up. Next question. Yeah, sorry. Because the Next Question was, who does Harper like?


Oh, the next, I don Know. You can think about it for a second. There's five boys that I am going through right now. Five, five or no, no, no, no. Not going through. Sorry. Picking, choosing. Yes. I don I Talking talking with to the decide. Yes. You Go the whole roster going. Yeah. Yeah. And my mom now thinks that I'm like a, a bad girl. No I don't. No, I think your mom knows that you're in high school and that you're gonna Yeah. Like Guys, what girl's like biggest lineup people have ever had. Biggest Lineup. Harper. So wait, what? This is not something you should be talking about. Wait, I'm so confused question. No, no, no, no. This is a thing girls go through, right? Or is that just me? I don't know. Well, Listen, Harper, I had lots of friends actually Who had a big lineup who We talk to.


Yes. I say yeah, we talked to multiple guys at a time and I honestly at your age, I was like, I don't wanna be talking to that many guys. Yeah. And I really genuinely was like, they're cool for that, I wanna do that. Yeah. And then I tried it and it was the worst thing ever. 'cause then you have all these people's really hard and then it's like You really hide them from the others and like, yeah. Well then you have all these people's parts wrapped around your fingers and they're real people and You can genuinely hurt them. Yeah. Yeah. I, that's what I'm stuck with right now. I don't know what to do. So I was not going that route. Kh and I talked about it before, how I was like debating between him when I was 13. I was debating between him and this other guy. And you know, cash lived in Oklahoma and the other guy was in my math class. So I was like weighing my options.


I've been talking to both of them. And then it caught up to me because one time they both joined the house party, FaceTime group, chat party. We were on party. Party And you blocked out cash. I know. And then I, and then it just came back and bit me in the butt. So after that I was like, I will never entertain more than one guy, Man. Because they almost always find out. Yeah, They always do. And then they talk bad about you. What's Your kiss count Harper? What's Not? I'm about to poop my pants. What? I don know. Why. Do you need a break? No, no, no. It's fine. Just keep going. We can Keep going. Please. Talking helps me not, We can take a momentary pause. No, no, no. Please keep going. Why are you falling off the couch? I would prefer for nothing to come outta.


No. Okay. We're good now. We're good. I mean, you're directing me. Oh no, no. Harper. Ew. Alright. Please hold for Harper's back, right? No, I'm actually good. I I promise I'm good. I, after that far I You need the bathroom? No, I, We can, we can cut around Our next question is bathroom breaks? How many of you take a day? Go A lot? No. I actually, Apparently I feel like I used to have to go to the bathroom every single class period. I, I go every Class just, they told me not to. Yeah. Oh. It would like, make me like, something in my brain was like, no, you have to go now. 'cause they told you not to go. I, I just have a routine. Even if I don't need to go to the bathroom, I'll just like do A lap around school. Every, every class period.


You just gotta get a break. Honestly. The authority that the teachers hold over you to be like, you can't leave. That's crazy. I Can, I didn't like it. How much time did y'all have between classes? We have like Five minutes. No, it's 10 Minutes. I had five, Five minutes. It's like eight to 10, like five minutes, honestly. Okay. We had 10 minutes. I was just wondering. 'cause in like movies and stuff, which obviously are movies, they're not real, but it seems like they're just in the hallway all the time. I Know. It's like they have like 20 minutes. Yeah. I'm not kidding. That's, that's What the drama is. There's no real Drama in the class. I, I hate to bring this up again, but in my movie, the one that I filmed for Nickelodeon. Oh. Filmed something for Nickelodeon? No, I, Wait, what's it called again? My weird school. My weird School. Yeah. When's it coming out?


Dunno. Oh, Okay. Like October. January. October. Sometime January. Yeah. We're not sure yet, but no. Yeah, we would always be in the hallways and, yeah. Yeah. No, I just wanna say I do not have a lineup. Reese, you Were, you were The one who accused yourself of having one. Wait. Now mom thinks That me, But now mom thinks that I'm a, It's, it's okay to talk to people, but it it's another thing you're leading, Leading multiple people on. You're leading multiple people on. And you're right about that. Yes. Yeah. So next question. She's like, so funny. Sure. Ooh. Favorite part about being a girl. Probably like, I know this is kind of weird, but being like, can I check you?


No, no. Like la la Like, like if they're like, if they're, if they're like, can you check me? And I'm like, I got you. Oh. Like, if you're like, but that's your out at the, that's your, that's your favorite part about being a Girl. Favorite part about being a Girl. You're like, we can be girls. Girls. And like Yeah. Have each other's butts. I get What you're saying. Let's say it that way. That's what you need. And I'm like, no, you don't have poop going down your butt. Like, you're fine. Like, Gosh. Oh, I'm sure you need that a lot. I, I'd say my favorite part is just like being able to like get ready with all my friends. I know and Do like girls. Oh yeah. That's also my favorite part. Like, I just Had prom this weekend and it was so fun getting like it all dressed up. Like the dresses and stuff are so fun compared to like suits. Yeah. And I just like, guys Take like Five minutes. I just think girls have more fun together and Yeah, I Do.


Like when you're just all in a room getting ready together and the music's playing and you're like chatting then giggling and you know, it makes you wanna kick your feet. Oh yeah. We were, we were walking, we come back to this conversation, we were walking in Target the other day and Kate comes over to me. What were you talking about? I Was talking about my soup. Her soup. She was telling me how she's gonna make taco soup with all these ingredients in the cart. Yeah. And she's like, I'm so excited for my taco soup. And I was like, okay. She's like, like seriously this taco soup just makes me wanna kick my feet and giggle. No. I was like, You did not just Say that. You know what I mean? Do you know what I mean? I mean in terms Yes. But I would never say it out loud. That's true. Take my feet and giggle is crazy. Yeah. You Need like a demonstration or Something.


Go ahead. Yeah. Like when you're just like, Oh no she's not. No. Why on your stomach? Like, oh, okay. That's not, I thought you were like, eh, I thought you were about to just like face Down Into the carpet. Kick your feet and giggle. That's what I thought you were doing For a second. Okay. Why Wouldn't you just sit here and be Yeah. My next question is, Hmm. Let's see. Let's see. Huh? Who? Oh, Apparently it was gross. Best tips. Oh. Have you ever broken a bone? I broke my big toe once. Same.


I'm sorry, I have to go my throat. Oh, Be right back. And Harper's back. Welcome Harper. And she washed her hands. I did. I actually did. My mom was like, We had the reminder. I forgot to wash my butt. No, I'm kidding. Okay. Gosh. Let me, let me look at you. Have you ever used a bidet? I have in, I've always wanted to use one. Reese you have in Italy. Duh. We There were not bidets in Italy, were they? Holy crap. Are you, you're so every bathroom. You're So stupid. Oh, I never Used one. Yes you did. No I didn't. You literally like water shooting on my butt. I you Someone what? Okay. What was it? I did not. Okay. What was it like?


Favorite comfort? Oh wait, we already went over my question, didn't we? What Was your question? I don't know. You Asked your question and you ran. Did we ever break a bone? Oh, break a bone. Yeah. Yes. I'm pretty sure I just broke My buttock. Oh my. Well I broke my nose when I was little. Oh, Okay. I broke my arm. Oh wait, how this, that don't work Right? Is that why like, is that There's A scar. Yeah. And my nose is crooked. No, your nose isn't crooked but it Is crooked. If you look at my nostrils, they are two different shapes. It's not terrible though. I've never noticed it. How'd you break it? Oh my gosh. You see it? I've never noticed that. Yep. Thank you. I've never noticed it either. I've noticed This, but like barely. But like What? Did they have the cut open? No, it got cut open. How'd you do it?


When I was five, my parents, we were taking a trip to Arkansas. So we were in our camper trailer. Yeah. And our camper trailer, there were bunk beds in the back where the four of my siblings slept. And I was on the top bunk and I had my little like silky blanket with me and it fell during the middle of the night. Oh. And so I went down to go get it. But keep in mind I'm already a short human being, but at five I was really small. So climbing up on a bunk was like a big task. Okay. But a task with a silky blanket is even harder. And so I was going up and I like slipped on the silk sheet and like did like a back flip. And it's really tight quarters because it's a camper trailer. Oh no. And I hit like the doorway like perfectly where the door makes like a right angle and it went right into my nose.


Oh my gosh. And it was like three or four in the morning and my mom didn't find me till like five or 6:00 AM when she woke Up. Wait, what? Yep. Were you not like screaming, crying? I passed out. Oh my God. Like immediately on impact I passed out and she said, I mean I wasn't there obviously 'cause I was out of it. But she said she walked up to me and there's just a pool of blood around me. And so she like picks me up and like takes And my dad had already like, oh my gosh. Gone for work. 'cause he was working on the night shift during our vacation trip and she calls my dad and like tells him what happened. And I just remember waking up. I still like vividly remember this memory. I woke up and it's like pitch black. And I was like, mom, Mom. And she pulls, she had put a towel with an ice pack on my nose.


She pulled the towel off and the towel was like solid red. And I just passed out again. Oh my. Yeah. Oh my God. And then I, This is actually a whole story. I woke up the next time in the emergency room with my dad and he was holding me, but they had put numbing gel right here so that the pain would stop. 'cause I kept passing out from it. Oh my gosh. And I couldn't see 'cause they had got the numbing gel in my eyes. And so I was just like, what's happening? I was so sad. So much. And you're like five years old. Yeah. Oh my gosh. I was five. Oh my God. It was, it was the summer before kindergarten, so I had to go to kindergarten with stitches and I was so embarrassed even as a kindergartner. Aww, aww. Yep. That's so sad. In my kindergartner pictures, I look like I have like a soccer gold net on my face.


Oh My gosh. That is awful. Oh my gosh. That's terrible. Dude. Kenzie always just randomly drops the craziest the Lord outta nowhere. So the last time I did actually almost die in a camper trailer and my mom walked out and she found me half dead on the floor. It's miracle I lived. I have another story about death too. Oh my God. What? I'll save it for another time. It's about a lemon drop. I'll tell you later. Oh My gosh. A lemon drop. A lemon Drop. But that'll keep That, she mentioned that come Back later for longer. Oh. Did you like choke on it on accident or Can't tell you the rest of it. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well also I was doing a cartwheel and I broke my big toe. It was pretty bad. That was so dramatic. I don't think your toe was actually broken. Mom was my toe broken. She made it the biggest deal for like two days and like couldn't walk.


And then one day she could just walk completely normal. I'm like, what happened to your toe? And then you'd start limping Again. Do you hear my mom? It was broken. There was a hairline Fracture. I never believed it. There was a hairline Fracture. I never believed it Got the X-ray. I Do You wanna see the X-ray? It didn't never hurt. Are you kidding Me? I don't believe you. I was, my big toe was bulging. Okay. From the pain. Like, I don't understand. Why are you, I don't, I don't think that you broke your anything. Like I don't understand. Like you broke my Shoulder. Yeah, you didn't. No you didn't. From Falling off my Electric scooter. That was so overdramatic. That was so overdramatic. You definitely did not break that. If you don't have sisters. Like this is what it's like having sisters. No, no, no, no. Like, 'cause I literally broke my big toe and was bulging out of my socks.


Like it was so bad. And oh, now she doesn't believe me. Bulging big toe. That's sounds that crazy. And my toe's already big. 'cause I have the zelmer big toe, the Zel Big toe. Yeah. It's like a thing. It's very unfortunate. I need to see this after, after the bar We have big, like big toes. What? Like me, Harper, my dad and everyone on my dad's side. Oh my God. Just have big, big toes. Like a big, like toes. Zel, big toes. It's like big hammerhead toe. Yours is hammerhead. Yours is bigger than mine. It separates you. Your in two different directions. No, no, no, no. Yours is the biggest because it's huge. It looks like an humongous character. No, Yours is, yours is wider. No it's not. You can see my toe through here.


It's not that wide. Yours is wide as frick. Let's stop saying Frick. Okay. New. Let's say new subject. Yeah, we can move on. You have a good question. The zone. Were big town. Somebody asked, do y'all ever have a day where you just don't talk to each other? Do you guys as Sisters? Yes. Yeah. We've, we went like two we weeks without talking to Each other. No. Like I just talked to you for the first time in like two weeks, like three nights ago probably. Really? And then we had to sleep. What? Yeah. Or maybe like a week. What It was something like that You did, You just like very busy and Harper like, okay. Like something about me is whenever I get home, like I go and I like say hi to everybody and like talk to my family. Check in on Harper.


Harper just doesn't do that. Yeah. Like she just goes straight to her room. Aw. Is always kind of in a bad mood. So we just like hadn't talked in a while. Aw Mom, why are you crying? I'm not crying. That makes me sad. Aw. I just spend time with us. No, I just bolt upstairs and you know, just like, Yeah. I'm always like, wait, is Harper home? Like, I never know. Yeah. You'll grow out of it and wish you didn't do it one day. Yeah, I did the same thing. That's Sad. Yeah, me too. Honestly, I would say, well, we don't live with Harper, so we talk to her like on days. We don't see her sometimes, but like yeah, there are days where we just like, don't talk at all. Don't talk at all. Yeah. And then we live together. So I feel like we talk almost every day, but on a a day we're not working.


I would say maybe we don't where we both what? Yeah. There's like, like if there's like no work being done and we're like both, Which is Very, it's very, very like, like it maybe has happened like twice since she's Moved in. I think the more accurate thing to say is we don't talk to each other if she's outta town or I'm outta town. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. No, me and Reese, we go like two weeks, one week we out talking to each other and then we, and then we've been talking a lot the past like three days. Yeah. I've told her everything and she's told me everything. It's a lot to take in catch up on. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. But I do have friends that I like don't talk to for Like, me neither. And then I just click with them immediately. Me Too. I know there are friends that like, you don't see for months and then you'll see them and it's like, oh hey.


Yeah. That's like, like with my friend Anna, we, she moved away and we barely call her or anything 'cause I'm never free and don't really have a lot of time. And then when I see her, like we, we just click immediately. So Yeah. It's good. Yeah. It's weird when you get older and you're like busy. I know. It's, That's gonna be most of your friends when you get older. I know. It's so sad. That's so weird to think about. Anyways, next Question. You wanna Yeah, go ahead. Pick One. Sure. Okay. Advice you wish you would've gotten as a teenager? Oh gosh. Which this is really hard for me because I'm a teenager. Okay. Yeah. And Reese is actually an adult now. I'm 18 teen. Okay. Y'all are getting 2020s For me, probably, which I did get this advice and I didn't listen.


So I'm gonna tell y'all. I'm gonna tell you. Yeah. And you're not gonna listen. Okay. But you don't love the boy. Oh, you probably do not love the boy until you know for a fact you are gonna get married. Oh. And you have a ring on your finger. Because I went through some boys and I thought I loved Them. What? See my advice would be don't. Well Kate's is different. Well see. Yeah. See that doesn't pertain to everybody. But also mine was a very rare situation. Like finally very rare. I started, I started dating when I was 15 and I married him by the time I was 18. Like, that's not normal and it's not gonna happen for most people. So that insane. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but that doesn't happen for a lot of people. If it does happen for you, congratulations. But are you Happy it happened for you? I'd say so.


She loves her life. She only be here right Now. Yeah. No, I'm very happy. I Think a lot of heartbreak, at least for me. Yeah. Which is probably 99% of people. Unless you have this fairytale life like Kate does. Good for you, Kate. I'm happy for you. But a lot of heartbreak could have been missed and a lot of bad decisions could have been not had if I were to have not thought that. I was just so in love with these people. Just like so rose colored glasses on. Yeah. I feel like the best advice I would say is something that somebody should have told me when I, before I started dating cash, is don't be dependent on a boy for like anything when you're a teenager because they, they only Care about themselves.


Yeah. If you like become dependent on a guy and like, he's like your source of happiness or he's like your self-confidence and it's like, what happens when he doesn't talk to you for two days, then you're depressed. Don't be dependent on boys. Okay. Okay. Be Dependent on the Lord. Yay. I like to hear that. Anyways. Yeah, that's like my biggest piece of advice, I guess I'd say a big piece of advice I have is like, just find your friends and find your group and be happy with it. And like, there's no need to chase after like the popular group. Yeah. Because I promise you that popular group is not as fun as what it seems. And they all Lowkey talk bad about Each other too. They also, it's all just so toxic.


They talk bad about each other. Like they act like they love each other and they post the cute tiktoks and they post the Instagram pictures, but the whole night they were talking bad about each other. So, But think about it, that's how literally how I was my whole middle school career, I was like career. I was literally just like wanting to be in the popular group. Yeah. I feel like every girl goes through that phase when they're like, I just wanna be a part of the popular girls. And then when I got kicked out of it and then I started becoming viral on TikTok, they were like, come back and I was like, Uhuh. Yeah. Because I'm, I'm not gonna get bullied again. So. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Wanna ask the next question? Sure. Do either of y'all have any Oh, We have a lot of questions. Y'all literally, like, I'm not even joking.


There's probably like 365 days worth of conversations Yeah. On my Instagram right now. That's Crazy. Okay. Oh, re why don't you post more on your Instagram? I post more on my Instagram than you post. What do you mean? That's Crazy? No, do like a fan page thing? Like the Harper's favorite people. Kate's favorite people. Oh, Are you talking about that? I should do that. She's talking about the broadcast channel. Oh yeah. You should do that. Maybe I don I don't think I have enough followers. You Can try that. Wait, how many followers do you have on nta? Put like 30,000. Dang. Okay Girl. Wow. I see you. Okay, here's a question. Advice for being insecure about your body because every other girl is developing so much faster than you.


Well, as a late bloomer myself, What? It was just funny the way you said it. Keep going. No, I know what you mean. I was in middle school lying to my friends saying like, I'd gotten my period and stuff and I didn't because every, what I always thought it was like a flex that I didn't have my period. I was like, I was like, oh no. I Was Like the opposite. That's how I felt too. I'd like lie about it and like not tell people that I had it what I was asking because I got it like seventh. Actually, I Don't even though seventh grade after Evelyn Harney sleepover, I remember Draw names, but yeah, no, I like, I I was like so insecure because everyone else was like, at least they were saying that they had, I was like, no. Like I have too.


I swear guys like, Like I am. It's rough out here. They're like, let, let me see. In real, No, that's not what anybody said, but okay. I wasn't, I wouldn't say I was like, I was insecure about my body, but I was more so just insecure about the fact that I felt like I was behind because everybody had, and I hadn't. But I mean, the only thing I Can say to that is like, you know, everyone's different. Everyone grows and changes at different paces and like e eventually your time will come. Okay. Your time will come. I, I always like being like small and stuff. I'm sorry. But then I sit, I really, I always like to be small and stuff. Like, didn't you kind of like to be small or Oh, like a small person.


Yeah. I, I like being small. Yeah. Like, Just like to be cute and small and cool. Okay. Well, yeah, no, I I sometimes like being like smaller and, because most of the guys are pretty small, so being small and Means you're smaller than the guys, The guys and stuff like that. They Hit a growth spur eventually. Yeah, exactly. But no. Yeah, no, I, I've always been pretty insecure, like about like my, my, my fat. No, what? Get out. You're not fat at All. No. I but but you've just been insecure. But you know how that like feels right? Like Yeah, yeah, yeah. I feel like part of it too is like when you hit the age of like, when you like actually start puberty and stuff, your body changes like so quickly and rapidly and you literally will like gain weight and like just develop.


Yeah. It's very scary. And it's so weird because you've never experienced it before and no one like prepares you for that. Like they're all like, you're gonna start your period soon, but no one tells you that you're gonna like gain weight because you're like literally growing. Like you're literally turning into an adult, so you're gonna gain weight and that's okay. Yeah. I remember I was on growth hormones and I was like 80 pounds until seventh grade, eighth grade. And, and then I went on my growth hormones and then I started gaining weight and I was like, what Mom, mom, take me off these. And, and yeah. It was very scary. So Yeah. But that was nor, I mean, you Were on growth hormones For a Reason. Scary. Yeah. So it's, your body finally started doing what it was like supposed to be doing. Yeah. But it just wasn't what you were used to.


And nobody tells you that. They don't tell you that you're gonna gain weight when You Exactly. And everybody's body's different and stuff, so you can't like compare everybody's metabolism's different and all that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there are still people that I know now, like in their twenties and stuff that like, are like significantly just like, like, okay, I'm tall. I'm like five, nine. Mom, why I'm taller than like everybody. Sorry. Keep going. I'm taller than like everybody. I feel like, and there's people that are like in their twenties, like these girls in their twenties that are like so small and petite and like I know It's like, and they abs and stuff. Yeah. And I'm like, I haven't looked like that since I was like 13. But it's just like everybody's body is different and it's like, you know. Yeah. Yes. Okay. I have a question.


Yeah. Yes. First, when did you have your first crush? And second if You can without just straight name dropping, who are they? Okay. Mine was a drug dealer. No, I'm kidding. Oh my gosh. I, my first crush was this guy. He, I, I remember specifically he was in kindergarten with me and he had freckles. And I remember I had a wishing jar. He had freckles. That's so cute. Heard that about him. I know. And I, I had a, I had a wishing jar and every night I would go into my wishing jar frick, my wishing jar and say, I wish to marry blah, blah, blah. Oh. And then close it and then put it away.


Aw. And oh, it became true. Yeah. But it didn't. That's Really sweet. Yeah. That's so cute. Yeah. He, he, he became a felon. Oh, Well that's not so sweet. Yeah. Reese Has the thing for bad. I can't think of like, Harper. Do you know who my first like Crush was? Yes. The redhead guy that I always ship you with. You know the guy? No. Okay. I don't know. Or Was like, need another redhead. That's Crazy. I mean, like, the first like, real crush I Can think I had was in like, maybe like sixth or seventh grade. Yeah. And Who was it? I'm not gonna say their name. Them we're still like really good friends To this day.


Describe them. I can't, I don't wanna Describe them. No, you're not. Describe, I don't want But it was sixth or seventh grade. That's when you were, I'd probably say like real crushes. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Proper. I had a crush in, in like kindergarten stuff too. But When do you think you really were like, oh, I like, oh, like, I really like boys. I had a crush on this guy from third grade to eighth grade. I was obsessed with him. Oh. I was so obsessed with him. I had One of those. Yeah. Yeah. And I, when, and I would try to talk to him and I remember one day I lifted up my arm and I showed it. He, there was like riding, riding on it because he, like wr read, wrote on it the other day. And then I showed it and my arm was super hairy. Oh, what happens? I was like, I was like, oh my gosh, what the heck?


You shave your arms now? Yes. I used to be so insecure about my arms. I, I was, I I shave my arms. I still do. Yeah. Insecure. So now I shave them and they're a little hairier now, but I wish I wouldn't have though. I started because when I was in middle school, like The Boys, the boys and the girls, like there were girls that were sitting their rooms. Did I talk with you about this too? Yeah. Yeah. We just talked about this The other day. I pulled my arm up and he was like, Yeah, no, my way girls, He made a comment and I, no, no, he, he was just like, he just like looked at me and, and then he, he Probably didn't even think anything. Yeah. I don know. It was probably in my mind, but still he was my crush for so long. Yeah. And I finally had a c next to him. I had a friend that was like, shaved her arms and then I was like, oh, okay, I'll do it. And now I've, I've done it ever since I was like 13. But now you have to, 'cause it just grows back, like thicker and darker.


So I don't know. Is that True? Your hair grow back thick than, I don't Know. I mean it's definitely kind of darker than it was when I started shaving. So you think? I don't think so. And that, That could also just because your hair gets darker as You can Yeah. And also goes, my your hands Is blonde, but I have like darker hair, so Yeah. I don't know. When I was my first crush, I remember this comparatively so good. No, I remember every detail. Oh, I was obsessed. Okay. I thought I was going to marry this kid. Yeah. And he didn't fit the criteria because he didn't play baseball. But I was willing to look past that. That was so me. If I didn't play baseball, I was like, you're done. Yeah. I was willing to look past that fact if he would've wanted to marry me, but he didn't. But I had like crushes every single year in like kindergarten for a second all through like grade school.


So when I got to like fifth grade I would say is when I had like my first real crush and he was in my class. What? Fifth. Oh. He was like, I thought he was like the cutest kid ever. And I, he was so nice to me, but I also was like, I could not acknowledge the fact that like, I didn't run with his crowd. Like if you know what, saying his, what is that supposed to be? It means that I wasn't cool enough. But he was nice to me. He was in like my homeroom class. So he was nice to me. Anyways, I had told like my best friend that I had thought that he was cute. And I was like, don't tell anybody. 'cause I was like, nobody can catch me lacking like this. And then she was, she turned around and she told his best friend, bro. Yeah. So fake. And so then I'm in the library and his best friend walks up to me and he is like, I heard you got a crush on him.


And I was like, no. I was like, Uhuh, That is not true. I don't know where you heard that. I don't know what grapevine you heard that from, but it was not true. And he was like, she told me and I was like, okay. Frick. And I was so thankful that we were going on Thanksgiving break because I knew that his best friend was gonna tell him. So I was like, at least I don't have to see him for a week. Oh. And yeah. So then, you know, he never liked me back. He was still nice to me, even though he knew I had a crush on him. Oh, that's bad. But yeah, I would've, I would've looked past the fact that he didn't play baseball. Yeah. The last time I had a crush on a guy, which was like four months ago or two months ago, he had added me. 'cause he found out that I had a crush on him. That's Crazy. I was like, I was like, okay, My fish crush. Well, I had like two crushes at the exact same time. Really? One of them, I thought he was so cute.


He had the bluest eyes ever. I like, I love guys blue eyes. I was like, you have blue. I was also in kindergarten. Oh. And, and I didn't realize we had to substitute teacher one day. And I was like, today's today. I'm gonna kiss him. I don't know why my, my kindergarten self thought this is a great idea. Okay. Wait, I did something similar actually. Well, I leaned in to kiss him and he was like, stop my mom's here. And I was like, what do you mean? His mom was our substitute teacher? Not my mom's Here. Oh my goodness. So embarrassed. And then I, so I was like, fine. I have another guy. Anyway, the other guy, his last name was Baker. And so in my diary when I was little, I used to write Kinzie Baker all the time. Aw, that's crazy. That's so cute. Funny.


It's Kinzie Baker, but That's hilarious. I remember being in second grade, this was like, I, I had a crush on this guy. And I like, I thought he was so cute, but I wouldn't, I don't know. I I feel like I was too young to consider it like my first real crush or whatever. Yeah. But I was like, had a moment where I was like, I, I'm gonna kiss him. And so I, I like plotted this out for weeks because every day at the beginning of class, we'd all sit on the carpet and we'd do like our introduction for the morning and then teacher, teacher, rainbow teacher carpet. Yeah. Our teacher would dismiss us. We were, we were eight, but our teacher would dismiss us and say, okay, go to your chairs. And so I plotted this for weeks. I said, I'm going to sit next to him. And then when we stand up, I will purposely bump into him and I'll shove him. Whip my face. Yeah.


I'll shove my face into his chest. And then I will have kissed his chest because he was taller than me. Oh, no way. And so I Can you do it? Yeah. Are you kidding me? I pulled through. She Kissed a man's chest in second grade. I plotted that so deep. So I stood up and I walked into his chest face first. And I was like, oh, sorry. And then I was like, he wants me thank, That's so funny. I don't Think he wanted me. Did y ever have like weddings at recess? Yes. My gosh. In elementary School. Oh my God. No. That's fun though. Yeah. I, I used to be the, the person who like conducts it or whatever. Offic. Yeah. The, the officiant or something. Oh my God. Gosh. I was like, they kiss the bra And then, and then the teachers got in trouble or they got in trouble 'cause they weren't supposed to be kissing at recess.


Oh my Gosh. We Used to do that with our dogs in the backyard. We would like forced them to get married. Oh yeah. We found frog. And we did that. Did did you Guys have the, like at recess, the like random girls that decided they were gonna start a cheerleading team? Yes. Yeah. I was one of those Girls. Oh, you were? I did not like you because you you kicked me out. What? I got cut. Yeah. I Was so sad. I did not like it because they would like Harper's a flyer. Harper's a flyer. I did not know how to fly. So they would like No, but like, you'd wanna be the flyer. Like the flyer was like always the cool girl. And then they'd be like, extension. I was always too tall to be the flyer. Yeah. I, They would be like extension least Y'all made the team. Oh. And Then I Fall backwards onto my neck and we'd to like hide in the very back so the teachers couldn't see us stunt, stunt each other.


Yeah. It's so bad, bro. But that was never me. I was the girl playing soccer and like kicking the guys in the shins. I I didn't like you either then. 'cause I always was like, those girls just think they're so cool. 'cause they're playing soccer at the, with the boys. I honestly, I did think I was so cool that That's Like I'm playing soccer with the guys because I Remember, Or like that one girl that would Play basketball with the boys. Yes too. We all have that one girl in mind right now. Like, sorry. No, no, no. Actually I did not like basketball. I was way too small for basketball. I would get so scared. Even when I did like, it's called like Little Dribblers where I'm from where it's like the tiny to basketball or whatever. Little Dribblers. Little dribblers are little. And they dribbled. Anyways, I couldn't dribble, but anytime I got the ball I would just stand there.


'cause I'd get so scared and people would like come up to me. And those people are also only five foot tall. But I was only four foot tall. So I'd be like looking Up at them like no. Yeah. It's So funny. I remember being so scared. No. Anyways, basketball is not for me. I miss PE and stuff. That was so much fun. I used to always have asthma attacks. It was so embarrassing. Oh, do you have asthma? Yeah, I had time. I had like to carry my rescue inhaler everywhere. That's crazy. There was a question that Kenzie specifically told me we should ask because I did. Yeah. Oh, I Don't remember. It was in my room. Remember you were like, bring it, bring it, bring it. But the question was, I don't see what, What was I talking? Oh wait, wait. Was it, oh, do you have anything you sleep with like a blanket or such animal?


Oh, I did. And I was like, oh yeah, I do. Like we should, we should. I thought it was funny 'cause I was like, what do I sleep with? Nothing. Just Maverick. Yeah. What? And I Sleep next to Maverick. Yeah. Well, not me. Apparently does not sleep next to Cash. Nope. My baby blanket puts, it goes under my pillow. Oh wow. That's Something. So it just sits under my pillow. And like, I, that's Barely even the blanket there. Well, she's been here a Lot. She keeps it. But when she was telling me the story in the room, it was way more dramatic because I was like, oh, you let people touch it, Do you? No. Are you kidding me? No. Does It have like a name? No, it's just blinky. It's just, just Blinky. Justy. Yeah. Well I have a bear named Huggy Bear and I sleep with it every night.


Oh, you should Have brought him. Oh you do? They could have been Friends. Why did I not know that? You know what huggy bear is? You gave it to me when I was going to diarrhea on the toilet. And I swear this is, I I swear this is an actual story. I promise you I No, no, no, no, no. What are you talking about right now? I promise. I promise. I swear this is a true story. I was going, you know, diarrhea and, and it hurt really bad. So I started crying and I went over to my mom and laid on the couch. And then you went downstairs with the huggy bear and you said You can have this Aw so sweet. If you and Yes. And you're like, I'm sorry you butt Hoss. But no. Yeah, I was going diarrhea. Did you still sleep with it? I do, yes. And I just, I remember that, but that's really sweet. And then I also have like four baby blankets from the like the same hospital.


Yeah. And they're like giraffe print. Oh my gosh. And I sleep with them too. So yeah, I don it just like sits under my pillow and then when it, when I wake up in the morning, I just put it in my bedside table because I'm scared in Stella would come in my room and think it's a chew toy. She would definitely tear that up. Yeah. Do you ever put it like in your face, like, and breathe it in? I Guess so. Try Smell it Big. Did It used to be? I do wanna smell it Actually did, it used to be like an actual break. It was like a knit, it was like knit and then you had to like kind of tie it together to keep it, I don't know. Wait, did you tie it together or it just ended up like that? I love you. It ended up like this. Oh, From what? The washing machine? No. Gosh, no. Oh. That's why I'm saying you don't wanna smell. It's wash time. It's been washed. But How does it end up in that state? S thinks I, I do things like this and then I twist and I, sometimes I go like, I'm Concerned.


Sometimes I go like that. But how did it get flying everywhere is to be able to Do that? I don't, I don't really particularly know. Just over, it's over time just, I literally think that this was over like a 10 year period. It ended up like this. And yeah. So you have to be really gentle. But I will allow you to Hold it. I've had the same stuffed animal for 20 years and he's still whole. Well congratulations. Like, I don't know what you want me to say. I'm allowing you to hold it. Okay. Thank you. You said you wanted to smell it. Let me try. What does it smell like? It kind of smells like baby lotion. I'll be careful. Okay. This is, it looks like, like a Toya doll ripped up. What does it smell like?


That's feet. I don. Oh really? I thought it smelled like baby lotion. I mean it smells fine. That's crazy. Really smell at Harper. Does it smell like baby Lotion to you? I, yes. I smell that. I don't smell. What do I like it? I don't know. Okay. Wait. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, I mean that's crazy that that thing done just absolutely re 'cause it hasn't been washed since, since it was bought in like 20 years. Oh my Gosh. Gosh. My little dog that I have is, his name is Valentine because he is red with heart signs. Valentine. Yeah. And I got him when I was five when I first started having to go to the hospital. And I was always so scared when my mom had to leave me. But why do you have to go to the Hospital? I used to have tubes in my ear 'cause I'm like, same Left ear.


I called Tube in my ears too. Oh cool. Like two sets of them. But I used to be so scared when my mom would have to like, leave me at the door. Yeah, exactly. To like be rolled back with the nurses. Aw. And so she gave me this dog and it also had like the little hospital band that I had on my wrist. He had one that was like his collar. And so he went to me with every single surgery I had. Aw, that's so sweet. That's sweet. Sweet. I know I still have Him. Wow. Yeah. I, I got this. Well, so I was really, when I was probably in high school, I went through a phase where I was like, it's a baby blanket. Like it's not cool. So I just threw it in my drawer. What? Yeah, I was like, so like I didn't care for it. And then like, I don't know, when I got older I like pulled it out again and I was like, oh, it's so like, nostalgic. Like I feel like, yeah, it's my childhood.


Was it like a hole? Kind of like, Oh no, it it looked like this. It's looked like this since I was like a kid. But anyways, I remember being like, what am I gonna do? Like when I get married and stuff? Like I can't just, you know, have this thing. And then I heard a story about one of my friends, she has two kids. She's married and has two kids and she still just has her baby blanket under her pillow every night. Aw. So I was like, okay, well then cash will just have to look past that. And so I honestly just like didn't even tell him. I just like would just like have it. But if threw It away on accident, He knew not to because I did show him like, this is my baby blanket when we were dating and stuff. But like when we got married and we moved in together, Did he find it funny or He was like, huh? Kind of like what you guys were saying, like what happened to it?


Like he wasn't like, you know, taken back or anything. But then I was like, when we just moved in and got married together, I just like always had it in my bedside table and it just, you know, it's a part of our bed. Wow. And so if he, if he, you know, sometimes if he's like laying down and he feels it, he throws it at the wall, but because he doesn't want it to, to be in his bed. But joking. Yeah. So I, I try to hide it from him to protect it. Good. But I used to have nightmares when I was little that I would accidentally bring it to school and the teachers would throw it away. So I was like petrified that I was gonna lose it. I used to have nightmares that I went naked to school. I do. I've had that nightmare multiple times. Me too. Me too. That's very scary. Yeah. I'd hate for that to happen. I don't, I don't think it will. But Yeah, it could.


You never know. You never know. Like what if you forget your whole Outfit? Yeah. That's Scary. 'cause I'm, I really thinking about that right now. Like what if you go naked to school? I think there's a lot of people that you'd have to run into that everybody Would post about it. That would be really, imagine driving naked in your car. Imagine just driving naked in your car. That would be really strange. You know, I, Before you walked out the door Reese or your mom or somebody would be like, Or your dog in, we don't have clothes on or I think you'd look down and be like, oh. Or like look at yourself in the mirror or something. Dude, that's so bad. Okay, let's see. Okay, so I wanna know the last one. What is it bro? What's your Tarbucks? Yeah, what's Everyone's Starbucks. Oh, that's a good one. Well put Like in. Oh, I wait.


I know Yours. I know. What is it? Kenzie gets a grande ice, caramel macchiato, upside down with extra caramel. Wow. Thanks. Okay. What's this thing? What does this upside down thing mean? I've heard it multiple times recently, But a macchiato, when they make it, they, I don't know if they pour in the shot first or they pour the milk in first they pour The milk and then they put the shot on top so it's not mixed. So It's separated. It's hard off. Okay. It's not So do it the other way on the bottom. Yeah, Whatever the ops, they put the, the espresso on The bottom, They put the espresso ins, it's mixed and then it, they put the milk in so it's mixed. But a macchiato is technically supposed to be like milk and then espresso on top and it just kind of like slowly mixes. But yeah. But I don't like that because I know then I have to sit there and like shake it up.


Stir. But it's also not the same as a latte spill. Yeah. Because when there's, because you would just be like, oh, then just get a caramel latte or whatever. But they're different. Like it's the same like, they're like different measurements. Like there's more milk and a macchiato. I think so anyways. Is that, that was correct though. Yep, that was right. Wow. Sleigh I, when I get Starbucks, I haven't been drinking it lately, but when I do get it, I get the non-dairy vanilla sweet cream. Cold brew is so good. Well My dream that's good. But no, no, my dream, my dream drink is just a bunch of cold foam in a Indigo Boy. Have you ordered that before? No. I should though. I don Dunno how much it would cost. Cold foam. Is it just like sugary Milk?


It's just like, that's both, it's Milk. It's like whi like whipped cream but like slightly not as wet, Slightly melted. Yeah, I, I wanna get it. Oh I wanna, I want a vanilla sweet cream. Cold brew so bad now. What time is it? It's seven. That's that'd be lunatic Reese. I get the salted caramel cream cold brew. Ooh that's And it's really good. It actually's so good. It's, I've been eating it every day. I Love it in the summer because in the, so Starbucks has like different like cold brews and stuff that come out with the seasons. Like in the fall there's the pumpkin crew that is very good. Or the the sugar cookie. Yes. In the winter. So good. So the chai sugar Cookie. Yeah. So, but the salted caramel one makes me think of a summer.


So I get it then, but yeah. Yeah. I wanna know y'all Starbucks orders in the comments. Yes. I feel like everyone's drinks are always so crazy. I Would love to have a new option 'cause I've, I Now for years Things and mine make me use the restroom a little too much. Do you need another bathroom break? Why you're really getting on dairy? Be serious. Really? Yeah. That's why I'm getting on dairy 'cause it helps with my stomach. I have stomach issues. Oh yeah, I'm Sorry. Yeah. Well it's okay. Well yeah. Well okay. Thank you y'all. That is it for this girl's episode. But thank you guys so much for coming and chatting with us. We will definitely do more of these in the future. So be on the lookout for when I post on my Instagram story to ask us girl talk questions. We'll see ya Alex.


Time. Bye. Shopify helps you sell at every stage of your business like that. Let's put it online and see what happens stage. And the site is Live that we a store and need a fast checkout stage. Thanks. You're all set that count it up and ship it around the globe stage. This One's going to Thailand. And that. Wait, did we just hit a million orders? Staged? Whatever your stage businesses that grow, grow with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 a month trial at shopify.com/listen.