
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customer spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


You nearly killed us because you were trying to watch a video while you were driving. We had this video pulled up and Kate was like, let me watch, let me watch. And then she swerves all over the road. She's like, No. And, And we were like, Oh my God, I didn't. Gerald doesn't like it when you lie. Gerald Can eat one. Hey, whoa, whoa. They said that. What's that? I'm gonna cry. Hey, you got it? Me and Harper did that a while back. No, You could not do that. Okay. They like do that. Are you kidding? Oh, oh, oh. It's an emergency. This is an emergency. In case you guys have not heard, we are going on tour baby and our very first stops are gonna be the Miami area in West Palm Beach on June 14th.


And then we are gonna be heading over to Orlando in Tampa. It's an emergency To Lakeland, Florida on June 15th and then emergency. Yeah, we get that. And then after that we are gonna be going to Atlanta, Georgia. It's an Emergency. Yes. Charlotte, North Carolina and Washington DC I think It's an emergency. Yeah. So if you guys live in any of these cities, click the link down below or go to The LOL Podcast dot net. It's An emergency And we are doing like 20 other shows all over America, Canada, Australia, the uk and Ireland. So if you wanna see if we're coming to a city near you, by the way, It's it market thing. They click the link down below the yellow podcast.net.


Another episode. Oh my gosh. Bet you didn't see that coming. I did not. I kind of did. Light. Did you tell us you were gonna do That when you said, okay, I got it. I thought you meant like, I'm gonna do the intro. Dude. Harper literally looked at me, grabbed it and she still jumped. She was happy. Did you Know that was gonna happen? No. And you didn't scream or flinch or anything? I did flinch. Oh, run it back. These things are like my favorite things. I think we actually have Scared me. Let pop them please. No, those should all be popped please. Here Harper. Thank you. Okay. One I've never popped one I've, I've never done it either. Well, we don't have that. I've never done it. Please. How many do we have?


Where's my dad? Oh, Okay. So if you guys are just joining us today, what are we talking about? I forgot what we were talking about. Whatcha We're talking about competing? Whatcha talking about crazy? Okay, now hold on. I think somebody needs to get shot in the face with it. You Do? I've never successfully been able to do this. Hey, you said shot in the face on the head. Oh. Oh. What did that hurt? That was K, not me. Bt dubs. No, don't shoot me the face. Something actually hit me bad. No, not the face. Ouch. Why is it smoking?


It hurts. Something actually hits me. No it doesn't. No, I Promise you now You're a liar. There's an air. No. If that one works, please let me hit you with it. No. Okay. It's gone. You still gonna scare? Oh gosh, that's No. Y'all think I'm trolling Something hits you in the back Hard. No, it feels like a gorilla's punching you. What? What's With you and gorillas and a hundred men? Like come on now. Let me just hang this back up right here. There you go. Oh my Gosh. Have y'all seen that one guy on TikTok? His name is like, he sings like the, something tells me that you thinking of me and he's like 14 and he's like, he made that viral TikTok sound. We should definitely get him on the pod. Kate, what are you looking at? I Just was hoping it hit you harder. Oh, what the, But what I'm saying is there's this guy on TikTok.


I think I just followed him. Can I wait, What do you mean? What you were saying? Can I, I was saying, I was just talking about this one guy on TikTok. Let me just, What guy Did my phone just die? Oh. Ah, that's embarrassing. No it didn't. Okay, lemme get it. Okay. Basically there's this one guy on TikTok and he does singing and he's really good and he's, everybody's calling him like the 2025 Justin Bieber. Oh, is it me? Oh, I know who you're talking about. You're, don't pull up my account. His name is Dom NA Domar. Domar. Not Cinderella. Do Marella game. And he's, he's the one who's like, he's like, he sings like he sings, he's like, he's like, yeah, A kid. Excuse me, I've seen that kid.


Yeah. He's like, he's played tag with him before. No Stop. But his name is called B Me and it's really good. He's like, something tells me, don't think and B me. Oh, Duet with it. Yeah. Have Y'all, have y'all heard that? I have Not. No. How have y'all not heard that? This Couch has really been hurting my bottom the last couple Episodes. What do you mean? What the Oh yeah, that'll fix it. Oh yeah. There you go. Okay. I was trying to fluff earlier something in the kitchen. Kate flipped out in the car, guys, I'm not gonna lie. Did flip. Oh yeah, On cash. Okay. He's hanging out with other girls. Nevermind. No, well, well There you go. There's, oh, but He's 14. I don't know how old he's, he's probably 16.


You know what? No one ever teaches you how to actually handle your money. When I first tried to invest, I had no clue what I was doing. It felt like something only rich people or really smart people could figure out. That's why I was glad when I found out about Acorns, which is today's sponsor of this episode is Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you don't need to be an expert either because Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you whether all the market is up or down. I've talked about Acorns before. It's super easy and the roundups make it feel like I'm doing something smart with my money. I'd forget about otherwise. So sign up today and join over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested $25 billion with Acorn. Head to Acorns dot com slash lool or download the Acorns app to get started. Hey, client endorsement compensation provides incentives to positively promote Acorns. Tier one compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorn advisors Ls, C and SEC, registered investment advisors view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash lool.


You don't need a man. Well anyways I don. That's fine. You don't need, yeah, Kate did flip out on me in the car. It's Probably for good reason. No, Probably first off actually. Yeah, you flipped out on him and then I wanna talk about what you did to me. Yeah, so what, well first we're talking about him. Okay. Okay. What I do all tensions on me right now. I feel awkward. Well, he was just trying to drive nice and calmly On his phone. No, yeah, no, no. For like maybe two seconds he got on his phone. No. Yeah, he was on the calculator. No, he was adding up numbers. He was literally adding up numbers for how much money he's making doing this one thing. What? What thing? Oh, it's All about the money. Well, Yeah, no, you don't wanna know what thing it is.


No, he was adding up, he's driving and trying to just do math on the calculator. Yeah. I'm gonna get mad at that. You wanna know why? Because being on your phone and driving kills thousands and thousands and thousands of people a year and I will not be a part of that statistic. Yes. I'm not saying that it the right, I'm not thing to do. And I, I literally, I literally took my, no, my phone was right here and actually I was answering a call and I was like this, I was trying to just do one thing real quick and I have a self-driving car. My car drives itself. Oh, you were in auto drive? Yeah. No need to flex. And then I just needed to go like this real quick and it was like two seconds and she flips out on me. Which not saying it's right or wrong, whatever it is, you prob you actually, no, you shouldn't get on your phone while you Exactly Shouldn. That's why told Shouldn to get off. Shouldn't. You shouldn't. But I was fine.


But what freaks me out more is when I do it and Kate's like, Oh my God, you're gonna get her. Oh my God again. And then we all nearly die because she freaks out. I didn't freak out. I said, get off your phone. No, that is not how you Say I'm gonna be so honest with you guys or No, I'm gonna be honest with you guys. My mom, she has life through 16. She had to buy the premium to see when, when I am on my phone, how fast I'm driving, whenever I get on my phone or whenever I switch music on my phone. So yeah, she has everything ever. And then she texts You're on lock. Yeah, she tells me, she says, if You were To tell me two years ago that we would be going on a world tour, I would say that you are insane.


I mean, this is crazy. I am talking 30 cities, five countries, thousands of fans. I'm so nervous. Why is this Emotional? These tickets She text me in recent is like, stop going on your phone. I'm like, oh my gosh. Like come on now Harper. My Parents had That too.


Do you know how many people it kills? I know I your, I'm Not gonna lie phone. It's so dangerous. So I was about to kill somebody the other day. I Can Mad up. I get mad when I'm in the car with somebody and they're on their phone while they're driving. I'm just like a freaking helpless person. I can't do anything. Like if you're on your phone. The crazy is, I agree with you that you shouldn't be on your phone. I agree with that statement. Then Why are you getting mad At me for talking about, 'cause I'm mad at you 'cause of this next statement. Because you drove us back and you nearly killed us. Yep. Because you were trying to watch a video while you were driving. We got, we got this video pulled up and Kate was like, let me watch, let me watch. And then she swerves all over the road. She's like, no. And I, We were like, Oh my God, I didn't, the car wasn't self-drive because we have a car that Drives it itself. No, no. It was, no it was not.


It was not in self-drive. It was Self-drive. Stop lying. Gerald doesn't like it when you lie. Gerald Can eat one. Hey, I was in self-drive. What's going on? I was in self-drive. I know. Yeah. Then why were you swerving all over the lane? Because Huh? The road there was like something in the road and the self-drive didn't like it so it swerved out of it. And y'all accused me. No fam you sw. But I'll admit, admit, I'll admit I should not have been peeking at the video while I was driving. Slightly hypocritical. But, and I'm sorry but I know you guys don't care. I know you guys are only saying that because I'm the one that freaks out and you guys are like, well you freak out and then You did it. The second thing you did, which really irritated me, tell me Mav, was we were just gonna pull into Chick-fil-A and get some food, man.


Oh this was funny. And I said, okay, let's, let's do a mobile order. And she goes, yeah, let's do it fast. Schedule it for the drive through pickup. I said, what? Why, why, why would we sch if we're trying to be fast here man, why are we scheduling to pick it up in the drive through? I mean, you might as well just go through the drive through normally. Exactly. And the options are drive through or carry out so you can walk in and pick it up. It takes longer At that point. We just might as well order the food when we get there. With the drive through. No, because at the drive through, if you have a mobile order They Say hi, what's the name for the order? And you're like, oh my name is Kate. I have a mobile order. They're okay. Gotcha. And then they send you on your way and then, and then because you have a mobile order and they start preparing it.


Right When you get there, they walk it out to your car no matter how far back you in are the drive through line. Yeah. But Guess what? But you're still stuck in the drive through. No wait on all the other cars in front of you. No, but you Pull out, they'll Make way. You jump a curb. No, They make way for you. If you have your food already, they'll tell everyone else to pull up. So, so Like everyone move. Kate's got her food. You see, I don't think it's necessarily like a Kate's gotter food thing, but like if it is, No. Anyways, we get there and the drive through at trip always like, so I'm like, you know what, let's make a bet you mobile order for drive through in all mobile order for carryout. Well lo and behold, Kate decides to change hers to carry out because she sees how fast mine is. No, I, We pull up, there's like 50 saw. The Drive line was a million miles long. Yeah, But it's Chick-fil-A. It's always a million miles long.


No, I wonder if you Want, when I order Chick-fil-A, first of all, as somebody who gets Chick-fil-A every single day, our Chick-fil-A has the new thing that's called like a mobile through. So they have a drive through line and a mobile through line and You can go through the drive through line or the mobile one. But you Know, so the mobile one is the one where you, they probably bring you the food and you jump out, not the drive through. I don't know. I just know what I do every day Here. Do you guys think all the other fast food restaurants and I actually actively think about this 'cause there's a Taco Bell and a Chick-fil-A right next to each other where we live and Oh really? I feel like the Taco Bell always gets sad because the Chick-fil-A, I'm not even kidding, has a double line going all the way around their building into the Taco Bell parking lot and the Taco Bell parking drive through empty.


Maybe it's a car. They're just, I Can assure you that the Taco Bell employees are not inside. Like, oh man, I wish we were getting that Business. Yeah, but think like whoever owns Taco Bell corporate is upset. Yeah. Whoever owns like, think it could be just an individual guy that owns that location. Oh. And he's just sad sitting there watching everyone go through the other drive. What do you think about Taco Bell thinks when it's Sunday and they're looking at Chick-fil-A's empty parking? Oh that Is true. I'm not gonna like Taco Bell has like, everybody like loves it now. I haven't ever tried anything from it except for their cinnamon balls. But like in the Baja blast. But like other than that, like everybody Yeah, the cinnamon mods in the Baja blast is the best thing. I'm not gonna lie. Taco Pono is better but Taco Pono is, taco Bell is way too just oil oily, greasy. What? Yeah, But we shouldn't just sit here and talk about food.


We have other things To talk about. One more thing, sorry to be the bear. Bad news is our Chipotle here? 'cause it might just freeze outside. Oh it is Actually I think it's here. It's literally like a hundred degrees outside. Whatcha you wanna go grab It? I'll go grab it. Oh, up there right saying there I you get it First race go faster. Harper's speeding. Beating him Harper. Him Harper. Harper's gonna be so heartbroken to Oh, I think he just like threw her In the wall. Yeah, that did not sound good. Somebody, somebody just fell. Harper's gonna be so disappointed to know that when you order Chipotle, they don't give you drinks. Like they won't let you order a fountain drink. What? Yeah. So like, if you want like a diet Coke or something, they won't let you order it. Why? I don't know. They just don't do it. They don't, they didn't let me get you a Diet Coke. I'm sorry, what happened to Maverick? But I do have Diet Coke in the Fridge. Yeah. What hap what happened to Mav?


Really? No, you have a diet Coke in the fridge? Yeah, You can have it. Are you sure? M can you hear me? I hear you. Yeah. I think he hears you Okay. If you can hear me say yes, No, no, he said no. I I I don't wanna like Can he Eat the diet coke in the fridge? I, I can't. You Can or can't, cannot. Oh, I think he died. Yeah, He's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Are You okay? He's just face down on the bottom of the stairs. Oh my Gosh. This is so nice. What? What is it? I just haven't had like a bowl in so long. Oh. Bowl in so long. Are you gonna eat? Are you gonna eat? No, no, no. Yeah, of course not.


I'm just gonna keep it in my lap. No, You can eat. You're good. No, no, no, no, no. I don. Oh, where's the coke? What is that? Oh, I forgot the coke. What The, but I did want to just bring this just 'cause we've been talking about food too long. So, you know, I just thought I should change stuff. Is that my t sheet? Around here? We started doing TSheets for the episodes, which basically means you make a tea, you put your title thumbnail and an idea for the episode. This was Harper's idea for the episode. And we don't always use these, but like, sometimes we need ideas and we're like, Harper, can you come up with some ideas for the pod that we might could use also, guys, calm down below if you have any good ideas. Yeah. Here was Harper's tee sheet title, how My Weight Affects Me.


Come now Kate with a big stomach and food. I thought I yo that was shots for no reason even. I mean that was crazy. And then the concept, Kate talks about how she wants to eat but she can't 'cause her diet. Let's talk about it because I am sick of it. I'm sick of it. Alright, Kate, can you act out this? So this is what we're doing today. Gosh. Harper. Kate. Dude, why'd you make her so fat? She made her look at that thumbnail picture. Dude, that's like a pig standing up. Burl. Look at that. No, I'm, she's so fat. I'm saying that. Sorry, you're not fat, but Kate's not fat, but I feel bad for her because you want to eat and you just can't.


You Can because you'll get fat. This is true. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it is a shame. It is a shame if I ever want my body to go back To, yeah, she drew an to be ice cream cone and a cookie and a donut. Those are the three items you Yeah, that's a pretty good ice cream cone. You, You could really see it. I drew the ice cream cone square at first. Yeah, the ice cream cone is a little iffy, but it's there. What, what? I mean I, I just thought out of all the thumbnails you could come up with, you were like, let's make Kate fat. No, it's because cash always calls Kate fat. No, I do not. When everyone stop saying that. So that I call her a squinty queen s squinty skinny. I call her a skinny queen and pretty a squinty Prey Prty.


You're Here, you're not speaking correctly. I'm speaking correctly. No, you're not. Challenge me again. Squiffy. What's in your mouth? Oh, raw paper scissors. You bowl Chip Keisha. Oh, Ew. Okay. You don't gotta show. I You could have just said, hey, from now on, can we just call cash Squiffy Squiffy? What type of a name is that? I don't know, but I like it. A weenies dude, I Can, dude, I drew a weenies the other day. I know I did on, on the po on the LOL club. I'm not in cheer. Yeah. I don dunno if you guys ever watch the LOL club, I don't think anybody does YouTube channel. Actually the club gets more views than the podcast. I think it might actually, but if you guys, if it's the same viewers, if you guys are watching, watching LOL club, if you guys have watched our art videos every single time, I freaking lose, even though I draw the best art.


Would any of you like to explain that Cash? You suck at art. No, I don't. I Can explain it. Okay. Please. We all Collectively agreed that we should never, ever, ever let you win because you get so mad and it's good for the video. Yeah. See I know that's not true. That's, that's the real truth actually. The Truth is, is cash is so bad at art. No, I'm not. Listen, I'm Is my wees cup still up here? No, but Kenzie's is, look at that. I have all so good. That's something we made on one of the episodes. It was crazy Good. Just not we until cash. But I threw his wees cup away. I literally can hear you. I don't know where my wees cup is, but this is Kenzie's eyeball that she drew. Actually, actually it's Maverick's eyeball. I just drew it. Yeah, that's mine. Oh well.


And I'm pretty sure this is what my wees cup was up against and somehow I lost It somehow. That looks phenomenal. Gimme that cup. Hold on, hold on. It's my cup right now. I'm taking a picture. My cup. Yeah, cash. Put a freaking elbow on a on a wall of water bottle. A weenies. Is your elbow Pretty? So I trashed It? Yeah, that one's called a wall to the lay bill. It went, I don't even know if that video's out yet. Like carry this around, like drinking in target and people are like, What the freaking is That is a freaking good cup though. I'm not gonna lie. That's feel like a nurse would carry around. Or like a What's a, an oncologist if Y'all didn't know what's the eye? I didn't tell y'all. Would you actually know it's an eyeball? Yeah, obviously. Would you be like, what the heck is this? It does kinda look like a weird fish, but It does look like a fish. It slightly looks like a fish, but I kind of vibe with it.


Yeah, it It's dope dude. I, I Can to tell It's like blood veins. Hey. Yeah. It's like the I what is that? The retina or whatever It hurts to think about To your brain. That's maverick's eye retina. Okay. Did you guys know that women sometimes have fourth rods and cones, which means women can actually see more colors than men. Dude, seriously, what are you talking about? Some women select, That's why we're better at fashion. Some women can actually, like, some women can like where we just see like that stop sign is red. They see two different color reds or two different colors Completely. But only the female species sees this. Only select females. No men, but some females. It's like a feminine superpower. I'm like some, yeah, some of them have fourth rods and cu superpower.


So call it femme power. It's crazy. Wait, isn't there a thing for that? What's that word? Women empowerment. That's like practically what it is At this point. Girl boss Or that. Okay. Hey, what are other things? Like I just said dope a while ago and we were talking about it earlier in their car is like, girls can't say dope. Dope. Yeah. If a girl's like, oh, that's dope. Yeah. I feel like that's kinda weird. Oh, that's dope. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's so dope. Maybe like you could, but like if your mom said, oh, that's dope, it's like, oh, that's like, what did you say? I Got this second. Yeah. Girls unfortunately just, I don't know why, but the word dope because like imagine Kate being like, that's so dope. Can You, can you hit that for Kate? I don't think it's a girl thing.


Not to say I think it's people's personalities. Yeah, But what are other words like that that like, I don't think It's Necessarily say or boys. Bro, that's so chill. Chill. Okay. This is ridiculous, dude. Chill everyone. I I'm ordering talk. Oh, if a girl says I, yeah, I, I, That's so weird bro. I'm ordering Taco Bueno and I'm not even kidding. My order is Why is everyone ordering Food? Well, all you need to know is my order is $48 from Taco Bueno. He's Feeding a five Actually. Wow. That's like a cheap store too. I Got, she's like, that's the question. You just called me fat in like three different ways in that one sentence. We went to Chick-fil-A today. Harper, yeah. Guess what?


Cash ordered what? 30 chicken nuggets. Yeah. And what about it? Matt Ordered that the Other day. Are you kidding? I ate That today. That's Crazy. 30 nuggets. How many nuggets? 36. I'm sorry. What? I order the kids' menu. Sometimes I order four. A four count. It's not called six count. That's called a handful or no, it's not even a handful. No, now, now they do five counts. So I order the five count, but I used to have five. Yes. Why are we still talking about food? I Can Food. That's why her Chick-fil-A meal was only $4. Four. Okay. That is crazy. My Chick-fil-A meal's $22. Yeah. Also for those of you who don't know, Harper was scheming off the business account. She was saving Our money. No, your mom was, wait, did we tell you this?


No. Listen. Oh my goodness. We gave your mom the, the like one of our business, the business card to our lunch for everybody. Yeah. Like our business credit card. It was on, remember when we were Harper shooting? Who killed Harper Zoomer. Yeah. The who killed Harper Zoomer video. Oh my gosh. We gave your mom the credit card and we were like, Hey, can you go get Chick-fil-A for everyone? Yeah. And she went and got Chick-fil-A for everyone and she put it in her app. And then for the next like month or two after that, every time she ordered Chick-fil-A, she ordered it with that card on accident. And so we're sitting there looking over the credit card state, like, and everyone's getting Mad at me. They were like Kate. 'cause it was my credit card. They were like, Kate, stop ordering Chick-fil-A on the business card. I was like, I'm not, It's your mom spent almost $200 on Chick-fil-A In one month. No way. We were like, dang, she's munching dude. But today we Did the charges though and each charge is like $4.


We were like, what is she buying? Just like one single cookie. Did she pay all back? No. No. We told No kidding. No, no, no, no. She, she, she offered like a house. She offered. I was like, don't worry if you need the money for food, I'll cover up. Oh my gosh. That's terrible. Yeah, it's like $200 In one month for Chick-fil-A. Okay, now can we stop talking about food? Oh my gosh, dude. What are you goat anti food. The top. I just feel like we always talk about food. Yeah. Well You know what? It's because we always film late in the day and I think we're all pretty hungry. I am hungry because you know what else about food? Kenzie made five. You better watch what You say. I was very happy for You better watch what you say. Yeah, I am.


Yeah, because I actually noticed something about this. And I'll tell you after you hate on her. What did you just put on me? Dude, can you stop putting your fingernails on him? What was that? She keeps, keeps peeling off her fingernails. Why are you bullying me? Not get that away from me. Harper like Puts her Dude that looks like fingernail Personal things all over the place. Like if you open the drawer, she has like fingernail tips in there and her hair And I don't know. I don that drawer needs to be sanitized for sure. It needs to like have a documentary over it. What were you saying? Ka? Oh yeah, you were No, you were gonna hate on Kenzie. Well, I wasn't gonna hate Yeah, you were. No, go ahead Matt. I was just gonna ask that next time we make more than five cinnamon rolls, There's five cinnamon rolls in a can.


So I made the entire can. Well make more cans. Kenzie Was stressing too. She was like, I'm gonna make, I have to make the whole can and nobody's gonna wanna eat them. What the, I was literally here. I had two, went back hoping to get 10 more. And there was done actually with this little m roll story. There's actually a lot of things that went wrong here. There was right before the podcast. Are we still talking about food? No, no. This is, I'm gonna keep this short and simple. Like a documentary, a mini doc, A documentaries are not short. They're Like, okay, I'm gonna make it like a math problem. A short doc. Kenzie had five cinnamon rolls. She baked all five. Okay. There's a lot of people in the house. This is so funny. Kenzie decides to buy the cinnamon rolls in this order.


Two Tom? Yes. Two to Abigail, one for me and none for anyone else. And I was like, first of all, why did Abigail get two when I get one? We could at least spent one and a half. One and a half mare getting two. Reasonable. He's your husband. That's the reason he was cooking them. You were cooking them. But Kinzie left Alex out to dry. Did you? I didn't know Alex was here first of all. And Pap was downstairs on the couch. And I said, pap, do you wanna cinnamon roll? And he was like, no, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, okay Abigail, do you wanna cinnamon rolls? And she was like, I would love a cinnamon roll. And I was like, okay, here have two. And then I said, cash, would you like the last one?


And you were like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Kenzie looked at me and she said, cash. There's one left if you want it. I was like, yep. And she knew one left. She could, she could offered me all three in the first place. I would've had all those. And then by Then you were gonna just take 'em from Abigail? No, I would've left. She's the Hard worker while you were just laying on The house. I didn't mean Abigail should've went one and a half. One and a half, if I'm being honest. But anyways, I saw Kenzie cooking salmon rolls in like the middle of the day and cookies. And I was like, which lowkey I feel like takes, you know, a little bit of work. And I was like, why are you cooking in like salmon rolls in the middle of the day? She's like to make ma a snack. I was like, oh, how nice of a wife. That would be cool. And anyways, then I was like, wow. And then Mav Mav had the audacity.


Let's, let's unpack that for a bit. Let's unpack all that. Okay. Wait, wait. Before you unpack it. No. Then Maverick had the audacity. What this episode? Just a food episode? Yes. You had the A to look at your wife in the eyes and say, why'd you want me to make me two CIN rolls woman? I'm sorey. I'm sorry. And I was like, you selfish little pig. I would like my wife to make some and I don't get any how you're complaining about getting two. How about toast? More than I ever got. How she got my extra that my wife made. Yeah. I I I'm eating his leftovers. How about instead of those weren't leftovers? Yes they were. I would've ate it. How about Instead of acting like you're some victim because I'm not, not fattening you up every day.


Just ask me, say, hey, I would like a snack. And I'll say, okay, what would you like? You don't do that. Yeah. And then I'll say cinnamon roses. And you'll be like, you'll be like, oh that takes so long to go. You know the scooters Have cinnamon rolls that are just twice the size of normal cinnamon rolls. Well, tell me More. Oh, Scooters Down the Road. You a cinnamon brand? I, I don't know, but I got a, got a cinnamon roll one time and my mom told me that I might have diabetes in the near future. Yeah, you Guys be on pic. My mom's literally Told me, maybe we should make this thumbnail about you. No, but my mom, she said, Harbor you really need to check your sugar and say like, it's really getting ahead of you. And I was like, okay. I was like, dang. I was like, okay.


And then, but yeah, so I ate the whole cent mineral and it was really good. And it's like this Big Dude, I'm scared. I know You should get some. When I was in high school, oh, Ral from scooters. Oh, I was gonna To talk about diabetes. What Are you saying? Kids? When I was in high school, I'd eat whatever I wanted. I'd have a whole footlong chili cheese. Coney from Sonic. Yeah. And then I'd also have the large cheese tater tots and a large root beer float. You still Get that? I still get that. But In high school, In high school I Was trying to act teen map. Okay. I was like, you Still, you cooked rolls After two. That's how I'm, I need to, I need to go back because everyone's gonna be like, wow.


Okay. Down to your husband. Yes. DI Asked what did every Time has. Every time I Like, every time I go to the grocery store I'm like, cash. What would you like as a snack? I don't know, maybe some beef sticks. I'm like, Cash, beef cash you have. And I tell him every time, first Of all I don say, yeah, maybe he'll beef sticks. And I tell him every time that Be the most anti straight thing I ever said in my life. I wouldn't be caught going. Gimme a beef stick. Well listen, Gosh, I and I, and then I politely respond.


I politely respond. Honey, you have a, a whole drawer full of beef sticks right next to your bed and you haven't even touched those. Just Call 'em beef jerky or something else. That's no, you call them beef sticks. Actually, if you wanna know how I really say it, I say it like this 'cause I, I, I feel like it's a funny word. So I say mm, I'll say some beef sticks. That's how I say beef sticks. So he's asking for beef sticks? No, you don't ask for cinnamon rolls because you what? You don't ask for that. If I were to be like cash you, I wanna make you some cinnamon rolls, I think you'd be like, I don't know if I need That 'cause Yeah, no, because if I ate cinnamon, I actually respect you for that knuckles. Okay. Because if I'm not knuckling you after you just freaking fine betrayed be me On the internet. I actually don't like it when Kate buys me any sort of sugar because then that would take away from my appeal.


Okay. And then people wouldn't be asking me to take my shirt off all the time. What? That is such a lie. What? I just opened the freezer yesterday and I was like, who bought this? First of all, cash never goes to the grocery store because Kate goes to the grocery store for him. So the one time cash goes to the grocery store, apparently he bought two, not one, two boxes of frozen ice cream dessert things and put them in the freezer. Took them all the space. Yeah. I bought upside down. Or let's see, I bought drumsticks. No. Okay. I bought, I bought Twix ice cream bars. I bought bananas, chocolate covered banana ice cream. And I bought oh three pineapple pineapple popsicles. And I bought four Nutella. Wow. But that's because I don't go to the grocery store much.


So when I do go, it's like Christmas, you know, it's like you need stocking. I would also like to No, you went a couple days ago and that's all almost gone. Well he wanted know the real episode episodes about cash. The fattest thing I did this week was, dude, we all went to go fishing. Remember? Yeah. And all the guys were sitting in the cars and there was five dudes in the car and five popsicles in the house. Wow. And I got me one and I was like, I can't, then I'd be all out. So I put that thing right back in and I shut it and I got in the car and I was like, look what I got. Ah. Hit the gas and got outta there. And they were all like, dude, really? You didn't gimme a popsicle? I was like, there's nothing left. He did say that too.


He said There's nothing left. You little liar. Yeah. Yeah. There, there was. Yeah. This, This episode should be about cash now. Well, Cash always. He Likes to play low sugar. I am low sugar. No he is not mom below the average American sugar majority of the time. Yeah. Actually I think take for his Birthday like all sugar and then he'll order a steak and be like, see I don't eat sugar. It's just a steak. But then I'll get the chocolate dessert. No, listen recently. Okay. I'm bulking. So I You say that every day. Like I don't, when are you gonna stop? No, I am bulking. You've been bulking for a whole year? Yes. Okay. Listen, there is a reason people ask me to take my shirt off.


No. And that is because who asked that you that? A lot of people. A lot of people in who? The old actually no, she told me put shirt back. I'm ask one of the live shows, I'm gonna say, should cash take your shirt off? They're all gonna go. No, no, no. They're just scream and run out. No, you'll hear the biggest no. They're all gonna scream. That's Hair. They're like, please No, no. I'm telling you dude. It's like freaking. If we say there might be like that one mom that's like, yeah, What the mom? The mom. If your mom wants Cash's shirt off, don't bring her. She says That one mom was like, yeah. Yeah. We're like what the Telling you like kids are Like, no. If you ask that on tour on a stage, the crowd's gonna go wild man.


Yeah. The crowd know we're going on tour and we're coming to a city near you and tickets are all of us sold Out. Well actually we don't know because we are actually filming this episode before tickets even went on sale. So they might already be sold out. But if they're not sold out, click the link in the description. If you want to come see us on tour. Woo. We're going to 30 cities, five countries. It's gonna be pretty insane. Yeah. And You can get your tickets at The LOL Podcast dot net. And that's T-H-E-L-O-L. I think they know how to spell thousand OD cst. NET The LOL Podcast dot net. Oh, thank you. We're gonna sell out 60,000 seats in 15 minutes. Yeah. And there's gonna be a lot of food there. No, the problem is, Is there actually you should got more Seats if cash Gets a hold of that concession stand. No, there's not.


Dude. One time we were doing a meet and greet recently at one of the shows. Was it the first show? Yeah, it was the Dallas show. We were doing the meet and greet and I walked up to the lady dude and she kept looking at me 'cause I kept looking at them. The lady dude. Huh? You said the lady Dude, I walked up to the lady dude. Oh no, not she wasn't a lady dude. She was just a lady. And I was saying, dude, okay dude. Yeah. So I walked up to the lady that was not a dude. Yeah bro. And I was like, hey. And she was like, hey, she was lucky flirting with me. And she's like a lunch lady and she wanted me to take my shirt off. I was like, no right now. And then I was like, can I get some Cheetos and Cheetos? And I was like, CHES here. And she's like, oh no, you don't gotta pay. And I was like, thank you.


And then I went back to that concession stand like four times that night. I think she think I was taking advantage of her. You Were? Yeah, I did. You know, she also gave everyone else free stuff. Yeah. Yeah. She Also gave me like kick cash gave me all The free stuff I wanted, you know, because we were like doing a show there. So they didn't charge us. She probably knew y'all were my friends and that I, and that I took my shirt off and she's like, We paid for the venue. Yeah. We, yeah. So Technically you paid for the Food? No, I didn't pay for no food. I ate way more than I paid for. Okay. What goes into that? Do you actually have to pay for the food? Okay. Why are we still talking about food though? I don't understand Food. Yeah. Man, me hungry. Dude. Cash just always liked food for literally Halloween. He was a vending machine dude.


I was, did we ever tell the story of me getting breakfast? What? What are talking about? When I would, when I was brought up Breakfast? Tell him how dumb that sounds are. I don't think So. B wait, what did he say? He said, I said tell him how dumb that sounds. I don Yeah, he says, he says breakfast or no, He says breakfast first. All. I don't say it like a Russian dude. I say it like American, I say it breakfast when I was getting breakfast. Can y'all, can y'all do this? Oh What Cardi B? Yeah. You did it right. Go Kenzie. Oh, I just did it. No. Oh. Oh, Okay. You did it. Let's see if You can Do it. Oh, How can y'all do all of that? Let's try you. Oh, I don't think this is a real fit. I don Make, I just learned how to do it last week.


I'm not kidding. The The R thing. The, I just learned how to do that. Wow. I used to roll my Rs like this. Oh wait. Oh that's how rolling. That's like how honey pur. It Sounds like a Honda Civic. Hey Alex. Are we good? Oh, Alex was looking at the mics and I had thought one of 'em was unplugged. I got scared for a second. It's like roll, rolling my throat. Oh yeah. But, Oh, are you saying no like in Spanish? Can We talk English? Everyone In Spanish? I used to, in kindergarten we had to roll our Rs and say, Dude, I remember I had to go to speech therapy for my Rs English though not Spanish. Would you be like English? Would you be like, oh I, We come here Weese.


Yeah. I would say w I'd be like wa it And then dude, you know, you know how annoying that class was, dude. I literally sit there with me and this lady in this class, the wa it it was really hard. Yeah. And it was just one-on-one. And I was in like first grade and she'd be like, rabbit. And I was like, wow it. And then she's like, no, no, no. For an hour straight. This is what I had to do first. Don't lie. You were in high school. Actually it did go quite High. I hate, I I had to do those classes Too. Yeah. For an hour straight. She was like rabbit. I was like, Ooh, wow. It. And then she gave me like training. She's like, I'm so jealous. We're in school. We're in school. I mean we're homeschooled. We're sitting at the, the same dining room table. And mom's like, okay, come on. You got, You can do this algebra. I sit here and do it.


I'm like, okay fine. I'll do my algebra. I'm looking up and I'm like, well what is cash doing? She's like, he's in speech therapy. I look up at across the table cash. Literally just going looking. I forgot about that. We were just lick lollipops for like 45 minutes. I'm like, I'm doing school. He's just licking lollipops. And mom is like doing research. He's, he's working. They're doing working. They're, they're doing research on him. I was talking about before we went homeschool when I was in the classes, I forgot even after I was homeschooled. 'cause I had speech therapy. Pretty old. And I don't know why they had me doing that, but the lady was always like, now lick the lollipop. She mostly fattening you up. She was like, here's a peanut butter sandwich. You're like, oh yeah. And it was on Skype, like it was a zoom and she was like, now lick the lollipop.


No, she also came to the house. Oh yeah, she did. Yeah. She watched me in person too. Lick the lollipop. I don't know how that, I don how that, what the heck? I don know how that affected, I never Did any Of that. Yeah. I don't really know if that fixed my arms. All I know is actually that. You can say rabbit. So, so I was like, he was like rabbit. Like what? He's like, look mom, look rabbit. It's really cool dude. I wouldn't be, I'd be like, rabbit rabbit. He's like, are you racist Rabbit? I Don dunno why I did that. That was a memory I completely forgot about. Dude. Isn't that crazy? He's just like, can unlock it. He's like, yeah, I loved that class, man.


So stupid. Yeah. Oh, what it, I was in a class too rabbit. But my class was like the like class where I got out when I was in public school. I got outta school. What are you even talking about? Because I was like so doing well. No, you did not. Yes I did. He did not get that. I was in, he's capping to all of you. I they, they do a test and now I was out of the class. Y'all one time I gotta to go play games while other kids'. No you didn't. No you didn't. What are you talking about? Do I need to call our teachers? One time my mom took me outta school. I don't think we've ever said this on the podcast either. One time my mom took me outta school, brought me to Tulsa, which was like the big city where we live, which was like an hour away. And she got me tested because she thought I was a, and she got me tested.


No, I'm being so real. She thought I was a, a kid that needed assistance and things. And she made me take a whole test and she, she, my mom lied to me about what the test was. That's what my mom did too. She lied to me about what the test was. She said it was like a spelling test or like something. And then I passed for flying colors, by the way. But she thought I needed special assistance. Were The colors flying? What? Dunno what that means. Understand. But yeah, she thought I was a kid that was gonna need special care and not hold on. The Clothes were flying. I'm were the clothes flying? He's Crazy. No. He saw the colors and he was just like, Flamingo, flamingo rabbit.


It. Wait, Harper, you said your mom made you take that Too? Yes, yes. Multiple times. I've had to go to so many places Yes. To take different tests. 'cause she thinks I need special assistance on things. Yes, same. And now at school, a teacher has to come walk me around the halls and talk to me and say, you wanna go in your lap now? Like, and all this. And I'm like, you wanna go in my, what, what did you say? They come into my classroom and they're like, Harper wanna go in your lap now What do you, yeah. What are you saying? Because I, she gets like a break. I have to go through a break and then on my quizzes I get easier quizzes and tests and, and it's really nice. But I, my mom, my mom set me up up with that. Dang. Yeah, I passed my test so good that my mom didn't even tell me and never got me tested again.


Oh yeah. And then I got on a DHD medication and, and then it was, it was sidetracking with my OCD medication and so it made me like blow up. Then you just became like the whole alphabet after That? Yes. Blow up. Yeah. No, like I, I was like, like I made, it made me like so crazy. Like, like schizophrenic almost. When did you start taking your a DH ADHD medicine? I kind of had in sixth grade. I started doing it and then I started going around the hallway saying rabbit, I Can, That's the funniest thing ever. No, but what are you doing With your Pinky toe? Oh, nothing. Nothing. Is that my sock? Maybe. Dude, You got one fuzzy sock on and one normal sock on. She's got That's insane's. Got Kate sock on my pants on this, whatever.


And then my sock on. Yeah. It Looks like you were bipolar when you were dressing yourself this morning, dude. You were like, I'm cold. No, I'm not Guys in summer, I do not wanna like take off my shoes. Well why, but you're fine in the winter. What? Oh, it's cold Now take these puppies off. I grew Outta that after I graduated high school. I like when I was in high school and stuff, like wearing open toe shoes was a no go. Like I don't do it. But now I love wearing my little flip flops. One time last year I was in Ulta and I got these shoes from a brand, I won't say any names, but I got these shoes from, from a brand. And it was a really nice brand to be sending me these. And they were like $200 shoes. Like very nice sandals. Okay. Steam man. No. Ray Birch?


No. Oh. What's that shoe? Bach. Bach. No. But anyways, I got these sandals and they were so cute and I was like, oh, they, they were like willing to send like multiple pairs and I was like, oh, I'll get one for my sister. So my sister and I have these cute matching sandals and I went into Ulta one day and the sandals. Yo Yo, yo yo, You can talk. You got time. Well I just slow down stresses me out. You're Like singing rap God over here. Well, no. So I went into Ulta and my sandal broke and then I was highly embarrassing because I couldn't, what am I supposed to do? Take my shoe off an Ulta and walk around half barefoot? I got one better for You can. And Then no, but no. I was like, man, like that's such a shame. My shoes broke. And then my sister a couple months ago was at her sorority thing, like walking the stage, accepting like her award and her sandal broke on stage.


The same one. I was like, okay. So it was just the shoe itself. And then she was like, but it's okay. 'cause the girl behind me, she completely tripped on stage. So nobody even noticed my sandal broke. Oh gosh. What were you gonna say? Last year when I was a corporate girl and I went to work in person, it was pouring down rain and I was late to work and I get outta my, my Jeep and I'm like running to the door and it's pouring and I just curled my hair, which was stupid. I should have checked the weather and my shoe broke just like that. And so now I'm like hobbling to the door and trying to run as fast as I Can and I'm getting poured on and I get in there and I had a big, big meeting that day and I had an hour till my meeting. And so I'm like frantic. I'm like, what do I do? My shoe is broken and couldn't do anything about it.


So I just stapled that thing together and I went into this huge meeting with like a stapled shoe and it was, it wasn't like a mysterious thing. It was like, you could tell I stapled no way. My shoe together. Yeah. It was like, oh, okay. Kenzie, did you have Like pants on? Yeah, I had pants on, but it didn't matter. They were like this. Oh my God. So you can see my whole foot. Oh my God. So You can see the staples. And my hair was soaking wet and I was giving the presentation so everyone could see You gave presentations. Yeah, She's a corporate girl. That's crazy. Can you give us one? What Was your presentation over? I don't even remember. Numbers of some sort graphs. Oh well anyways, anyways, what I was gonna say about the breakfast thing situation earlier, it's breakfast. Oh my gosh, I don't really care. And why are we to Say, gimme a lollipop if you want me to say it right.


Okay. Breakfast. Try to say it correctly. Breakfast. No. B. Breakfast. It's Breakfast. Breakfast. There you go. Good job, Matt. Breakfast. That's how I said it in the first place. Breakfast. Oh no, no. You're saying like technically, first of all, because people have corrected me this all my whole life. Y'all say I'm wrong. All y'all are wrong because it is pronounced bre. Fast. Fast. But breakfast, you like Mrs. Ilbo, you go like B Or break. Sorry, it's break fast. Break Fast. Like break Dance B fast. Yes, But it's breakfast. Yeah, But no, if you wanna pronounce it correctly, it's breakfast. Yeah. Yeah. This is great breakfast. Anyways, When I went to B, when I was like in the second grade, my mom would feed me breakfast in the morning.


And then What? He's trying to say it differently. You're not different. No, I'm saying it correctly actually. Oh, okay. I did a lot of speech therapy. I would know. I don't know. Anyways, I'm just gonna say hi. I normally say my mom would always feed me breakfast in the morning and every single morning she'd gimme like cereal or an Eggo waffle or whatever I'd eat. And then we'd go to school and she would drop me off and then she'd leave. And then finally we had a, what's that called? A parent teacher conference. And then the, I hated those. Yeah, no. And the teacher told my parents, they were like my mom and dad, they were, she was like, Hey, you guys gotta start getting him here on time. He's late every day. And my mom was like, what are you talking about? We get him here on time every single day.


And and my teacher was like, well, not in, not in time enough to eat breakfast. And my mom was like, he's eating breakfast here. And she's like, yeah. And she's like, that means he's eating two breakfasts a day. Because I would eat the breakfast at the house, drive straight to school, which was about a four minute drive. And then I'd eat the breakfast there and they'd let me eat. And I was always the last one in the dining hall, so I'd be able to fill up my plate and then I'd go into class, and then I gotta skip class and eat. Double the breakfast. Yeah. You're the time to go. So, okay. So after that meeting though, did you start getting to school earlier so you could continue to eat two breakfasts? Or did you have to stop eating? My mom, my mom told me I couldn't eat the breakfast anymore, so I don dunno. I think I disobeyed it. You what? I think I just obeyed it. You obeyed it? Oh, I, I would disobey that immediately.


Every once in a while I might would slide a piece of bacon now and then. Dude, I remember when it was like, when you get there early enough and you're looking at it, you're like, the smell. Nothing's better than a cafeteria breath smell, dude. What? You walked in and you're like, I smelled sausage and bacon and pancakes. I think they had some little hash brown syrup thingy. Y'all went to A very different school than I went to. We had do nastiest mangoes at my school. Mangoes. You ate mangoes for breakfast? No. They would have like the normal like breakfast of Like, what were you to make Argentina? Like what? No, we would've like the normal breakfast of like eggs and bacon and then like, the fruit of choice was like canned mangoes. And it was, y'all Had eggs and bacon for Breakfast. Kenzie, I'm worried. What did you eat for breakfast? They had like the packaged kolaches.


Ooh. And then they Would, I've never even heard that word. What is that? Canned ke cheese Like exactly. The packaged little mu the blueberry muffins. All like, everything was packaged. All that. We had all that we, everything was packaged and then carton and milk. We never had like real food. Like Bacon. Bacon. No. We had such a selection. What the heck? We had like, oh, what's it called? Oh yeah. We're not doing a pot or anything. I, I have a gift. I forgot. A what? Gimme a giant coke while you're down there. What? He said? No, Sorry, Kenzie. We didn't, we didn't mean to interrupt you. What were you saying? No, I, We had quite the selection packaged food. We had the packaged food, but then we also had like, you know when you go to a hotel and there's like packaged cereal in a cup? Yeah, we have that. We that there's always Frosted Flakes and Lucky Charms also.


Don't eat those. Oh, those are cereal. That's fine. Yo dude. What? I just tripped up the stairs. What is that guitar? Oh, I forgot about this. Wait, is that, is that a guitar? It is. Oh my God. It's for you. No, it's not. Yes, it's, it's, It is, It's For you. It was a gift that was sent to you Bio. A fan? No, actually by one of the companies we work with. Yeah. What? Yeah, our merch company that our merch should be, if it's not out already. But our merch company sent you this. They said they can make guitars and we're like, bet. Yeah. Oh my Gosh. Okay. She can't how to figure out how to open it. This is quite embarrassing. Also, guys, if our merchs are out yet, it's gonna be out soon. We're working on a fire merch drop.


This is crazy. All righty. All right, Here we go. You gotta pull it all the way open. Oh my gosh. You're not. Oh my God. Oh, that's so pretty. That's, that's So pretty. What the heck? That's so hype. I'm not gonna lie. So pretty. That's Actually really cool. Wait, what? I had no idea y'all were being for real. Yeah. They heard that. You remember when you were like, I want an electric guitar So bad. They heard that you said that and they were like, oh, we make guitar camera One. I don dunno why, but I thought for some reason It says your name on it. Does it say it on the back or something? Does it? No. Oh No it doesn't. You Surprise me there. Is this electric? Yeah. What do you mean? Well, nah, it's an acoustic one. Oh My gosh. Wait, what the heck?


Yeah, now You can shred. Are you kidding? Do you have an amp? Yeah. We're just kidding. Give it back. Yeah. I have an amp. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Wait, do you have one yet? Yeah, I Have. It's so thin. I have an electric guitar at, at my house right now too. But like with the gold one too. Hey, This is crazy. Cool. Do you have an acoustic guitar yet? Yeah. Oh, I have all three. You can co Play a song. Wait, You know how to play a guitar actually. Yeah. Your cigarette daydream Sounds like a banger. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe we should wait for the amp. Maybe we should wait for that. That's So good. Oh wait. But do you, do you actually wanna hear something good Harper? I don't know if it's tuned. No, it is. It is. I don know if it's plugged in.


Just, just listen. Okay. Oh yeah, I actually know that song. That's good. I actually do know that song. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, once it's like all tuned and stuff. You need to Cool. Bring it back. Oh my God guys, this is so cool. I'm gonna keep that one in my car. I'm Gonna go sell it. Wait, wait, What? What? In the case? Yeah. Away. Yeah. That's a really nice guitar. It's So pretty. I was feeling so inspired to play the piano a couple weeks ago because Then What happened? Well, I just, I've always wanted to learn to play the piano, but I just have never like taken the time to do it. I know. Me too. And we have a keyboard here, so I was like, oh, I'll just go turn that thing on and learn how to play.


Kate's been inspired a lot recently. She also show them the acro yoga thing you guys were doing. Wait, before that I have another gift. What? Wow. No Match's full of gifts today for Harper. For You. Oh, for Me, Steve. Dude, this is like Christmas morning all over again. Wow. That's fragile. I usually never got nothing. So it makes sense. Is it, is it a piano? A piano? Yeah. Talking to your mic, y'all. I can't believe y'all got me a guitar. Like, that's so nice. How come said y'all didn't? No we didn't. No, we didn't. It was the, it Was I We like y'all wouldn't, wouldn't wanna get it for yourself. What? Oh, they Sent it To you? Yeah, we sacrificed Dar on night. They said, they said we wanna send Harper a a guitar. They Said that. Yeah. Oh, what's that? Is it is this Press florals from Pressed what?


Pressed Florals Is this my what? Impressed is what she is. She looks real impressed. Ah, she's doing the puppy dog lip everything. I'm gonna cry. Is it that? It's So what's happening? Wait, it's so pretty. I don't even know what it looks like fully, but it's Pretty. Can I say I did pretty good? I get it pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good. It matches our room. Those are your real wedding party. Stop. That was your bouquet Stop. Yes, it's my wedding bouquet. You're a good Husband. I know.


Some might say the best husband. Yeah. That's kind of tricky. Some might say I deserve more cinnamon rolls around here. Is it the real flowers I walked down the aisle with? Or Facebook? Yes. No, it's the ones you that you held. Dude, that was me. Matt really took those flowers and entrapped them. Dude. And The Walls in our, The walls in our bedroom are black, so it'll look like this. Isn't that impressive? Lemme like, how do they do that? So cute. That's so pretty. That actually looks pretty good. So pretty. I don't know how they do flowers. Like you family. Good. It's Like a match base for flowers. Yeah, it's like an urn. Yeah, it's like the urn, but the flower version. It's not an urn. It's whatever you wanna call it, babe. It's the start of our marriage. It is.


Anyways, yes. That's an interesting thing to call a flower, but, well, I'm glad you like it. I got a bouquet from the same brand and they're so pretty. Is It the press floral? Yeah. Yeah. It's so, so pretty. Thank you. You are welcome. I have another, do You have a gift for Kate? I have another gift. There's yeah. What? No, I don't. Oh my gosh. Okay. Wait, what was y'all's acrobatic trick? Oh, we've been practicing. Oh Yeah. Kate and kids have been practicing acro yoga. Oh. Oh buddy. You can see everybody in the comments. Be nice to them. Oh, Have kind of bored. Listen here. You wanna put this little note in there? Oh Yeah. This little Thank you note. Yeah, we have this podcast set is messy again, dude. So Kenzie and I have been slightly inspired.


We wanted to learn like new tricks and stuff. So we started doing new tricks. We went to Pilates together and then we tried acro yoga and we've got some impressive stuff to show you. Show you guys. All right. Well let's see 'em. Kay. Well first let's Do it, let's do a handstand update while Kenzie packs that up. Oh, a handstand update again. I feel like you just did one of these. No. Okay. I don't know if you should do a handstand update. Okay. Just do one. Go for it. Just do your handstand. Kate. Don't worry about hands. Yeah, I, I can't do a handstand actually, but you got it. Ow. Are you okay? You kicked me. Okay. I'm so sorry. Did I say like Drake and Josh? He's, You kicked me.


I'm so sorry. Fine. I'll recover. Alright, let's see it. Kate. Oh, Oh. Oh dear. Okay. Oh, that's a good update, man. Everyone's in danger. Can, can we see your other I'm getting better. Okay. Can we see y'all acro yoga now? Yes. Kenzie, come here. Okay. Emmy, do, do you want me on the top? I think you know What? Wait, what? Wait, what? Do y'all really put Kenzie on the bottom when y'all do this? That's crazy. That's actually crazy. Kenzie's on the bottom. Don't worry. She weighs. Nevermind. I'm not gonna say nothing. Wait, how would do you think I weigh?


Well, how much do you think I weigh? Yeah. Wait, hold on you Guys. You gotta put Your, oh no, this ain't agro yoga. This is what you do when you're four years old with your dad. They fall on you right now. Is she Fine? No, she's not even straight. Basically you gotta straighten your legs, Kate. Okay. Wait. Oh gosh. One, two. Oh, okay. Alright. We're first. I actually think I Can do a way better job at that. Try again? Yeah. Cas, you and Harper do balance. What? No, your legs are too tall. Your legs are too.


They don't do Kate too tall. Kate's got too short. Shorts on. No, I Don't look. They're really long. Okay. Okay. Wait. They slay. I got it. I got it. Yeah, I was just messing Around. Okay. No. Come on guys. This is enough. Guys. Serious. This is actually very easy. And the fact that y'all can't do it is kind of crazy. Too short for you now to straighten your legs. Oh, what do you, this this is embarrass. Be nice in the comments, guys. Oh, oh, oh. This is the first time coming. Hey, you got it. You got, oh, Yo. We almost Kissed. She was. So for, We almost had to go to speech there did.


That was Crazy. That was the best we'd ever done. Me and Harper did that a while back, but we actually like got up and she was like, at sitting under my hands. I need to like, No, you could not do that. I would be very careful what you say. 'cause I feel like Vint Harper actually can't do that. Are you kidding me? My mic's. Let's see it guys. Let's see. It's very easy actually. No, they can't do it because you know what? I've actually gone to acro yoga class before. We can do anything here. Let's see. Let's Do this one first. If they do Better than us, we're gonna redeem ourselves. We are No face the other way. What's, what's going on? No. Sit. Whoa. That's actually pretty cool. Well, we can do that.


Yeah, we can do that. Stay tight. I'm gonna toss you and catch you. I'm sorry. What? Gonna catch me? You're gonna to don't toss her one. Oh no, two. Whoa. Sorry. Yo. Yeah. Well, we can do way better than that. All right. Let's see. You guys do it? Yeah. Let's, let's do that. Kenji, do you wanna be on the top or on the bottom for that move? I, I'll hold you. Okay. You almost made that. I almost Made it. Got it. I got it. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Problem Solved. I, I, you know, I really don't know if you guys should do this, man. I, We, Hey, I'd recommend taking your socks off 'cause we kind of slipped. We slipped. I slipped straight through and fell. At first I was like, we did it. We did it.


Yeah. I actually thought you guys had it for a second. I thought we had it in the socks and the pants and we just slipped. Yeah. Where'd you get the pants from? I got where you No, it's, I'm Not, you're wondering where I got my pants from? I got them from The LOL Podcast live show, which we're gonna be coming on tour with sitting near you and You can get your own merch. Okay. Legs. Thank You for the plug. All right. All right. Let's see. Y'all do it. What the, I mean, dang. Scared. All right. You gotta put your feet on. There's an Easier way. I feel like to do this here. Squat your legs down. Squat your legs Down. How the heck did y'all do that? Sit you Stand on hands. Step step in her hands first. Did she can't lift me up like That? Yeah, she can't. There's no way. Now you have to put your feet under her butt.


Alright. Y'all got it. And now you just gotta sit. Now you gotta jump back. Kenzie, jump back. Jump onto it. Jump back. Oh wait. You are you okay? I'm fine. No one's okay. I'm jump backwards. Kate, it looks like she's about to fart. Dude, jump backwards. Are You sure you've got it? Alright. 3, 2, 1, Almost. You gotta go far. Okay. Yeah. Just get, yeah. All Let's try the first one again. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's do that. Let's, let's do that. Okay. We Failed that one, but I know we can do the first one. I don't think so because I actually went to acro yoga And I Can scoot over this way. Y'all Look right on top of me, please. I feel like Harper's getting this. Yeah. There you go. Okay. Wait, Wait, wait. Oh.


Oh. This is really hard. Oh, wait, wait. They got it so quick. No hands. Are you kidding me? Oh. Oh my God. We can do it with no hands. No, we, we can't. No hands. Yes. No you can't. No. I don know if you guys can do it with no hands because Kenzie and I have actually been practicing our AcroYoga quite a bit and I went, I went to like two or three classes. Yeah. And all the men with their nasty feet and no socks were like touching on her, our Stomach. Oh, Yeah. You know what I'm talking About? No. In, in the park with the grass. Okay. They like, did the, are you kidding? Oh. Oh. Did she just, did you just throw, Oh, I can't look at that. I Can not look at that.


Harper, Are you okay? Oh, it smelled. Are you okay, Harvey? Are you okay? Are you okay? Do you need a trashcan? Did you just throw up? Embarrassed? Can we, can we cut? Are you okay? Yeah, we can be done. Really embarrassed. We can cut. Are you okay? Wait, why did you throw up? He pressed on my stomach too hard. Did Ash threw up? Oh, it smells so bad and I can't tell if it's Cassius throw up or if it's Harper's.


It's, it's Cas. It's Cassius, but it smells so bad. Oh my gosh. Somewhere guys. That's gonna make me, yeah, you can, you can leave Harper. It's okay. It smells ma it smells out here. Did you change? Don't feel we could cut. Oh, it's, are we done? Are we done? You want some water? You want some water? It smells so much. Harper. No. Kate? No Kate. It's okay, Harper. Oh my gosh. I just had to, I'm not cleaning that up. I'm gonna go shower. It's, I Can still feel it on. Okay. Well nobody else is here and I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave. So thanks for watching. Bye.