
I'll be brutally honest with Kate right now. Okay? You have hurt me very bad. Okay, tell me how so I Can tell you I'm sorry Kate. You know what you did. I don just admit it. I don't, you guys are Making making me look bad. Everyone's gonna be like, I can't believe Kate did that. Kate did what Work Creeping into your personal time.


Billy products can turn your daily shower into a digital detox. Nourishing body wash can refresh your skin while you mentally refresh your resume. A full body shave with Billy's award-winning razor will help you visualize things going smoother tomorrow. And quick absorbing Body lotion can hydrate faster than You can say. Let's circle back on Monday. You've got your reasons Billy's got your routine shop in store and@mybilly.com


We're so done with New Year. New you this year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what? We love that for you. Someone knows we'll too. Be more you this year and find them on Bumble.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please. For the love of everything, goodness world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying. No judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Oh my gosh. Kate, just own up to what you did. We're in a meeting and cash is like ugh. I'm like what? Like Kate's texting me. No. Say it. No. What? Stretch. No, I didn't say that. Why is everyone saying you did? Hey, no, stop Harper. Take Out the dinosaur. I have a question specifically for Harper. What? Harper? What is that Question? No, listen. Y'all know the new, you know, you know how like every like five years there's new sling. I feel like we're kind of us. We're kind of old and I feel like we kind of like catch onto the sling like later in life now because you know we're not Okay, Speak for yourself Kate. It's because I know all the slang. Yeah, call of it. Do you know what a two man is?


A what? Do you not know what a two man is? Can you spell? I just found out what that is. Two man. Two Man. Wow. Like the cheer stunt. No. Like no I do not now. Hey, is This inappropriate? No it's not. Which is why I was shocked. It's not inappropriate. It is literally a double date. Oh yeah, I guess. Yeah, it's a double date. It's literally a double date. They started calling a double date a two man. Two man. They're like wanna going on a two man this weekend? That's like a thing people say and I'm like, well That should not be a thing. Crazy. They're like two man question mark. So when we were you know 15 it was like, oh, let's go on a double date. It's classier. Stop saying that. I mean that is start saying double date again.


That is class. Have some class people. I mean that is something. What else? Like did you learn Kate? Well I learned that and you know like Chopped. I was like when Harper first said Chopped, I said I looked fricking chopped. I was like, what? Everybody knows what chopped means. No, but when she first said it I was like, can you say that again for me at a definition as well? So two men I just discovered recently. Chopped. What's the other one? Oh also I know Cooked. Everybody knows Cooked now, but Harper know cooked. When she first started Saying cooked It was like what? What do you mean cooked? What you never cooked has been a thing forever. No, it is not cooked. No it hasn't. Kate. Kate cooked has been a thing for like 10, 15 years. You know Beck Bolts made that what? Him Cooked Meme I've been saying cooked for at least three years.


Yeah, No y'all haven't Been hitting a long time. It's been a while. I, I say toast now 'cause my new best friend says toast. Yep, I'm toasted. That's, That's kind of funny. You're toast. Yeah, but I think we should start a petition. I'm gonna start one myself. Petition two make normal slang words because I never wanna be like normal. No, no more first of all. Yeah, if you're gonna make slang, make it normal. Don't be saying stuff like a two man. But if you're like yeah that's kind of crazy. I don think no it's not. It's a double date Harper. Don't say a two man. Have some class. When you're asking friends if they wanna hang out, say Hey I wanna go on a double date this weekend. No I We Like four man. Like let's go on four Man. Okay. It just sounds not right. That's not Right. Sadly, I've never been on a two man. Well good, I'm you never will.


'cause I'm chopped No double date. What? That's so do you think that Ally from the notebook would be saying no. What? Let's go on a two man. No, she was saying Noah what? Let's go on a double table. What? Move On. Wait, what's wrong? What is Happening? Why you have a plate up here? You freaking fatty? You eating behind? Yeah, she's over here trying to eat all the time. Wait, I'm confused. What? Why are y'all laughing? I don't know What Did that from our pantry because I was missing some plates yesterday. I was trying To feed people. Really? You were trying to beat people. Wait, seriously, where did that come from? I never seen that plate in my life. It doesn't matter. Is that our plate? No, everybody needs to relax.


Yo. That actually scared me. I did not know we had breakaway plates. What dude? Harper. Yeah Dude, I'm lucky that scared the crap outta here to Do at me. Oh it's a breakaway. I was like how did Cash just Superman that he was like, no, please have Strong. I felt cool for a second. That's so like Iron Man. Yo. That was sick. I knew we ordered some breakaway bottles the other day, but this is way cooler. Ew. Aren't those like really expensive? Yeah. How much are they a piece? I don't know the plate. A hundred dollars. This was a hundred. The plate's probably like 50. But what? It's okay. It's worth it. Go ahead there. You can just Not the tv.


Not the tv. Don't worry. It's breakaway. No, the TVs breakaway. Ready? No. Hey catch. What'd he say? You turn this room to a rage room. No, no, no, no. Please. Any room could be a rage room. Ready? Just Rage. No, please. Oh no. I'm just gonna hit you on the head like this. No, it's breakaway. I have A headache. Hit my arm. Hit my elbow. That didn't break. No, no, That didn't break. Break mine. That's mine. It's hitting my funny bone. Oh, do do the smaller piece on mine. Ow. Ow. Funny bone. Do the do the smallest piece on mine. Ready? That's crazy. I have a bony elbow ready. $50 for a break. Breakaway plate is a scam. No, look how much fun we're having. This is not 50 fun worth.


I have a lot more. Do we have another one? No. You know what is $50 worth of fun? What going to Kendra Scott and making rings. But my friend, yeah, wish. Don't want to. No, I do want to. I just don't want the p Kate Had this genius idea this morning. Morning. I would be so cute. She's like How about we all go to Kendra Scott and we make matching LOL podcast rings With the two ugliest colors. Yeah. Kinzie and Harper just go. Yeah, it was really, She was so happy. She turned about, she's like, Harper Kinzie. We should go to Kendra Scott and go get rings that have The LOL Podcast colors and we can all match. Are you the same story? I just said Thought it'd be so cute because you know, we like all I do wanna give away. We have a podcast together and a podcast and our colors are pink and green and like Kinder Scott, You can go make a ring with like a pink, like You can do, do whatever colors you want.


But I was like, if we all three had like the same ring or a necklace or something with two diff like pink and green on it. That's LL podcast. I wonder if little kids, like when they watch our podcast and they, and they see these two colors, like when they're coloring with them, they ever think about our podcast. Oh my gosh. Do you guys ever associate gray? Crazy how our podcast, like we just randomly made a name and randomly made the colors and randomly made a logo. Like think we could have ended up with any name and I had no say Colors, logo, anything. What would you have named the pod? Harper. Harper and Friends. Yeah, Harper and Friends. Har Harper and Harper and Kids Harper and Friends. Harper and Kids. I think I would've had a really girly one. Wait, seriously, what would you have named it? Harper And Friends.


Oh wow. I really wanna make my own podcast with girls. That would be fine. We should do it. I'm thinking me and Cash should make a podcast. Heck no. Nobody will watch that. We tried that one time actually. But I have a genius idea for it. And people were watching it but then we were like, this is too many, this is too hard. Yeah, but I have a new idea for it. What's Your new idea? Can't say It can't. It'll get stolen And I don't have it copyrighted yet. Oh yeah. LL Bros. Nope. LL bro would've been so much more successful. But you, Like I said, it was being, we were getting like a hundred thousand views in episode or something. That's embarrassing It becoming successful. Also, You know what's embarrassing? But every good idea we had, we had to use on this podcast. Oh, what A shame. The podcast that everyone's involved in.


Okay. What would you named the pod Kate? Well I would've first off started out by not doing it with you two boys. Like see, no one asked that. What? I asked what you would've named it. Well, I'm telling you that everything would be different. Cassia Maverick most likely would not be here. And then it would, the room would be pink. I love To see shade. Shade. Turn on the cameras Like a little shade of pink. No, it'd be like lots of pink. Like kind of like pink graffiti would be fun. Oh, pink graffiti would be fun. Yeah. And like cute and like money. Yeah. You know. Wait, what would the name be? Probably Hugs and Kisses. What a podcast named Hugs and Kisses. That's just something no Harford be calling it like the Three Man Kinzie.


What would you have named it? Well I wouldn't have done it this style at all. I wouldn't do like a girl's podcast that's like theological based and have like advice for 15-year-old girls. Mm. That was Good. That's funny. They think They should give Advice. Yeah. For like biblical dating. No, because I would say that Kate and I Can get Kate it so wrong. So now we know the correct way. You should do it. I wanna Name my podcast like P Mojo T's joke. Okay, well and that'll Get used. That's a good podcast. P Mojo, like her name has a thing to it. Matt, what would you have named it? Well, considering we named it this one the, well that's probably what No, but what would you have named it? 'cause you know I came up with this one.


See that's what I thought you were trying to get at. Which, which is crazy. So what would you have named it? Well, I came up with The LOL Podcast, had some, some weird names. I put names up with LI wanna see, I wonder if I stopped the name list. Do y'all remember what else I We were Deciding between, I came up with LOLI think I did. Guys, are you taking the credit? Trust me. No, I just think that I was a huge contributor. Like I threw the idea out there and then the boys ran with it. Yeah, well I got a text one day saying, do you wanna be on a podcast? You wanna be on my podcast Dream Guest on my podcast? That that's what it is. Dream guest on my podcast. Were you excited when they started the podcast, Harper? I mean, yeah, I was pretty excited. I was just so super shy. Really? No.


Oh. Speaking of when we started the podcast, we looked at photos the other day when we started the podcast, Harper was literally this tall. Yeah, go Look at our, yeah, She couldn't't really be that excited that we started a podcast. 'cause she was just learning how to speak. She literally has grown, I'm not kidding, over 12 inches. She Has, you've literally grown like a person. Like you turned into like an adult. It was, it's crazy Not, I went back and looked at that. I was like, oh my gosh. Like, looks like actually was like a baby. And then we had the audacity to be like, we had the audacity. What video? Me, K and Ma were like, why do people think we're so weird for doing a podcast with her? Or You can please wait. Yeah. And then, and then I watched the episodes back and I was like, oh, That's why. Well, I mean, it does look like it's like some, I mean she was tiny. She was so little.


Like even if we started it now, it'd be like, oh, okay. My Name was Lil Tay. Lil Tay. Lil Tay. Where you at? What happened Little on her podcast? I don't think she'd come. She like fell off the face of the earth. Whoa. What? Where is she? What she, I can't find it. She doesn't do


At New Balance. We believe if you run, you're a runner, however you choose to do it. Because when you're not worried about doing things the right way, you're free to discover your way. Come and be. And that's what running's all about. Run your way at new balance.com/running.


Get the Angel Eat special at McDonald's. Now let's break it down. My favorite barbecue sauce, American cheese, crispy bacon, pickles, onions, and a sesame seed bun. Of course. And don't forget the fries and drink. Sound good? I participating in restaurants for a limited time.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you are stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back, earn back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Do you mean thing to say but you meant it not mean? Dude, I'm sure people say that about us all time. What Doesn't even mean mean her? Yeah, I bet we I thought that was like a normal thing. Like when someone just disappears, you're like, they just fell off the face of the earth. I don't think she has To. Do you think that person feels She did. I don't think she meant to disappear. She did though. She doesn't post on social media at all. Oh, okay. She like completely stopped. Do y'all remember any other names that we were deciding between Oh, I remember I wanted to name an exclamation point. What the Yeah, that was horrible. That's Embarrassing. I'm sorry. That's honestly the exclamation point podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Well I can't, you think if I throw this at the wall, I Can Stick it there. Can you spell exclamation point? Please don't. Matt, please don't. Here we go. Matt, please don't Cash Wash your head. Well, the fact that you would throw while I'm standing here is crazy.


That's close. That's So stupid. That could have popped over and killed us. At least one on our, our brain. But we don't, You can't stand that. I We Don't cash. We need one brain cell. It almost came back and hit you in the Stomach. Oh, okay. Don't worry. It's breakaway. Dumb, dumb dumb. Ka. Matt, please don't throw it while cash is Sitting there. I mean that's, yeah, that's like highly, that's insensitive towards my life. That wall throw wood. It won't go into that wall. I Can solid Throw scissors. Don't throw kids, don't run with scissors. Don't do anything with scissors. I, I won't throw it. I promise Harper She's Gonna, she's gonna try to stab it in the wall. Oh my gosh. I think there's wood there. There is a wood Panel over here. I put curtains up in my room and I hung them up all by myself.


Do You remember what else we were gonna name the podcast? No, but I Was sharing my story. Oh, sorry. Hey. No, stop. Harper. Take Out the dinosaur. Right in the ear hole. Right in the ear. Speaking. Kate was literally, I mean that was rude, but it was Kate was literally telling a story. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead, go Ahead. I put curtains up in my room and they're falling off the walls now and I need Maverick to fix it. Why? Good Story. Okay, so now I'm gonna talk and that's why we don't need so many stories. Hope we being tiny. She was showing me a video. Tiny in between episodes and cash. You're gonna die laughing at this. Can you pull it up? So I actually don't know if I Can find it. What Do you mean? Wait, hold on. She Honey cash. She was show tiny in this video Show shiny. Show shiny.


Talking like this. I just a, I just a baby. Okay, let me show you. I'll show you and I'll hold on. Yes, Yes. I'm very excited to see this video. I'm Getting to it. She was supposed to send it to me here. It's okay. Oh my God, she sounds so cute. Screen record It. Oh, okay. Good Idea, dude. Oh my gosh. You actually are like, holy cow. She's like a little, she's not in school, she's in daycare. She's like a little elephant. This and you had a Phone going outside and screaming as Lou her little voice. So what I'm gonna be doing is going outside and screaming as loud as I Can and waking the whole town. Right now it is, let me see, 6 54. I Remember filming this line about The everybody, I mean 8 54 and I'm going to wake everybody up.


Okay. I'm very tired right now. Little going on sweetie. Ask this. I'm not gonna wake you. I'm not gonna One, two, you can wait. Three Hamilton. Okay. I feel like Alexander Hamilton. Wait, what did she say at the end? If you liked that? Lexander Hamilton. What'd you say? If you like that, please. What did you say? Subscribe. I swear she said subscribe. Wait, wait. Also Snapshot. I'm sorry you had Snapchat on this stage. No, I mean, no, no, It was on camera roll, but it's like a flashback. Wait, can I, I I Can scream.


I Can. That's Crazy. I feel like the babysitter showed up to your house and they were like, oh, Harper, she's the cutest little thing. And when they were leaving they were like, please, I'm never coming back. I know. No, no dude, she's, you were a little menace for that. Let me, let me show y'all something. She's Just these babysitter. She's like, I'm gonna scream as loud as I Can in three times. But she said it like, I'm gonna scream as hot as I Can. Literally when Harper right there, that is just the definition of I got, I remember, I remember in this video, I, it was actually 6 54, but I remember wanting to make it 8 54 to seem like everybody was asleep. So I lied and I was like 8 54.


So I was like, I was like, it's 6 54 or the time it was 6 54. I mean it's 8 54 right now. And then I ran outside and started screaming. But lemme see what I said at the end. It 8 54 and the whole world is asleep right now Because they wouldn't be asleep at six. Okay. I feel like the police are coming done. The police are coming. So what I'm gonna be doing Is going, the funniest part is I'm gonna be doing, she said I'm gonna wake everybody up, but You can hear everybody already awake in the background. So funny. And es she's like, she's like, it's okay. Es I'm not gonna wake you up. I have a video. I don dunno where it's at. So funny. I have a video and I have a pan. I have a pan of water and a cup and a lighter and a match that I built on a boat.


And I, I just start the video and I'm like, okay. And I'm just like, watch this. And I have this little paper boat with a match sticking up and a lighter in my other pan. Okay. I have show you this video here. And I put the boat inside my pan of water and it's floating around and then I light it on fire and I put the cup over it and all the water got sucked up in the cup. And I was like, isn't that cool? And then the video ends. Do you wanna see a crazy video of me and you cash Cash's Google photos or something. Okay, So here is the first video. I Can't even lie that Y's Google photos. Look, We dude, look at how map talks. Nobody can see his face. Sorry, what do you mean?


He just like hat down Mike and his face. Right. Here we go. Hat down, raw down. This is the first video I think I ever posted on the internet. No, wait, wait. Did you find it? I did. Wait, the shower prank? Yes, yes, yes. I've been looking for that video forever. Wait, watch. That's what I'm showing though. Wait, wait. Okay. But wait, where did you have I have, I have a all here You have the shower print. Yeah, but the invite. Have you seen the video Kate found deep in the Escalade? The on it Facebook, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Dude, me and AV were vlog since day one before Jake and Logan. Okay. On her computer. We would carry a computer around 'cause it had a webcam on it and we just, it literally maps mini tiny computer like this. And we'd film videos. So this was one of the first ones, like our hidden camera was a computer.


Yeah. I ever filmed. Wait, show It to me. You always just show Harper and I never get See Turn around like this. No, put it by your mic like this. Are we recording? Write a new mic. Oh, hi. That's it. The quality. Wait, wait. Put out your mic again. Do it. That's it. That's literally, it's 13 seconds. Are we recording or, oh, hi. This is like in like 2007, six or something. No, that was not six. Not 2006. My bro. I three. Well I was nine here, so I was like, are you recording? Are You recording? And then Here we go. This is what the legendary one catch is looking for. Yes. Oh, I, I haven't seen this video in forever. Wait, put it right on the mic.


You gotta hear it. Put it right on it on like, hold it above the mic. They can hear it right here. Trust. No, no, we really need to hear it. We thought we were so good.


Okay. I What the heck he say, I tried to figure it out for 10 minutes. He goes Wait, wait back. Let's see what I said. You, you can't tell I tried. Will you text that to me so I Can try to You read it back on the, when we play it back, I'm like, L podcast. What? What Dude, I wanna know what I said so bad. The thing is, later in the video you speak great English.


Keep playing it. I Can put it right on the mic. What's happening? You're, You Are going to the bathroom? Yeah. Huh? You far noise. Wait, wait. But The thing is, the thing is you flushed the toilet and did make the noise Make that we are whispering to each other.


I We're throwing towels like they're just getting tossed From the fighting. But You can see, You can see the hands in the, Don't you.


This episode is brought to you by the Nissan Armada Pro four X with a twin turbo V six engine ready to propel your adventures. Up to 8,500 pounds of towing capacity to haul all your favorite toys and space for eight passengers. Nissan's most powerful car yet will chew up and spit out anything you throw at it. Learn more about the all new 2025 Nissan armada@nissanusa.com. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Still getting around to that fix on your car. You got this on eBay, you'll find millions of parts guaranteed to fit. Doesn't matter if it's a major engine repair or your first time swapping your windshield wipers. eBay has that part you need. Ready to click perfectly into place for changes. Big and small, loud or quiet. Find all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. But you already know that eBay things people love eligible items only exclusion supply.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/spotify.


Hi. Your Little country. Accent. What I say about the camera, no one knows dude. Translate Later. I never wanna hear cash say anything about me having an accent. 'cause every single video I've seen of him, he's like, I got coke in my leg. Ha me. Hell Me. Hey, that's funny dude. Washing the toilet and then going That's crazy. Great producers then. But the Quality between y'all's childhood videos compared to Harper's is just, it's So crazy. Astronom Crazy. It's crazy. That's crazy. Like, like Harper was filming that in 2018.


Yeah. Harper's only the iPhone like 11. Like I had the iPhone six. I remember. That's Crazy. And y'all had a computer. That's crazy. What was Your first phone, Harper? Dude, we were lit With that computer. It was not iPhone four. My mom's old iPhone four, which was her first phone ever I think. And then I got an iPhone six. You think the iPhone four was your mom's first phone ever? Well, Like her first I, iPhone. iPhone, okay. And then, and then I got, and then, but like she had like a telephone before. But anyways, telephone. A telephone. But basically then she got the iPhone stakes and I remember she had this red case and then my sister got it and then I got it. And then after she had the iPhone 11, I still had the iPhone stakes and I got the iPhone 11. And then this was, and then I got the iPhone se, which was my first phone ever.


Okay. I got this phone. That's really good. All of your, that's a lot Of phones. Wait, I'm trying to think. Yeah, That's, that's really good for you. No, and then I got my mom's 11. Oh. And then I got this phone. Yeah, I had a Samsung. So You've had like six phones. Dude, I know. Those red drag Basically all passed down red except for two Cash was texting me with green chat bubbles for a while there. I Can't even believe you gave my chance. Yeah, No, honestly, I, I just chose to ignore it and I DMed him on Instagram to, you know, pretend it wasn't happening. Wait, can you see if the taser works? It doesn't. It's still dead. Unfortunately, my first phone ever was one of those that like flipped over and flipped up. So you had the long keyboard. That's what Maverick's was. It was, it was like a side flip phone.


Mines also wasnt keyboard like at t or Verizon. I had to go get the prepaid cards from Walmart. No way. That's so weird. I was always so embarrassed. 'cause when I sent a text message it would show how many like minutes I had left. So I'd close it real fast and I'd put it down so my friends wouldn't see. I would text somebody and be like, I'm done. Oh My God. I never had minutes. I had, I had a telephone like that where I'd slide it out and it would be a keyboard and I would type on it. You did? Oh My gosh was orange. My dad had one of those. I was so jealous. My first phone was an iPhone four too, but it was my mom's old iPhone four as well. But she didn't put any service on it. Kate overhear the rich kids. She probably had like all the phones. Yeah. My mom Don't put any service on mine until In fact I was made fun of because I thought you Probably got the iPod touch right when it came out.


No, she's like, yeah, You the type you the type. You and Harper are the type of kids to have the, the, the DS 3D You. The Ds I. Oh, I didn't the dsi with the camera. I didn't HaveI. I didn't have a camera. And I remember being like, oh, the neighbor has a camera. I don't, You didn't, did you have a camera on your Ds? What the heck is a Ds? Okay. Alright, moving on. Is that what that feels like when someone is like, you never had a game boy? And I'm like, no. And they're like, you never played Nintendo 64. That's really sad. I don't love To talk about it. You never Heard Ds just Switches. Nintendo D Ds. Not even a switch. I Had a Do you know what a Ds is though? No. Not knowing what a Ds even is is playing.


I had, you know What's crazy? She doesn't, the probably majority of the audience doesn't Guess. Huh? Everyone comment down below if you know what a DS is. I don think know everyone knows what a Ds And Harper doesn't know. I don't think they're gonna know. 'cause they're like younger than Harper. Harper just, I, We just be weird. I had a we a we you a we. Oh a we, I had a wee too. I was really good. The bowl I Bullying. I always wanted a we, but I didn't get one because I wasn't a rich kid. I also, my dad had this zombie game on the wheat and he wouldn't let me play it, but I played it when he wasn't around. Ooh. It was so fun, man. It was dude. Oh, and then the exhilaration you got from playing it when no one was looking and it was like, it's like, oh, get away with it right now. Yeah. I'm like, gimme that wee stick. Come on. You're not scared Chuck. We're not scared. Like hearing your mom's footsteps coming up the stairs.


You're like hurry, hurry. Put it Away. Oh no. It was in the living room downstairs. Oh, Y'all are brave. That was when they were gone. Gone. Oh, I Saw one of Nick Wilkins videos and it was like when you're driving behind the school bus. But we like five years ago we used to be in that school bus. Oh, Isn't that is sad. So sad. I did See that. That's deep. I need to go find my pink Nintendo DS bus from my mom. Hate You need to what? I I I think my mom and dad still have my Nintendo, so I might go Grab that. You get Mine? What? You can, I Can practice Smash Pros on my Nintendo Ds. No You Can't. Yes you can. You can get the game. It has the, the left like up and down a left and right. And it has the YX I Don dunno if You can or not. I've never honest It Has the correct buttons.


Hey, so surely that that's Smash Is 1864. Who Does that belong to The Switch? We, I don't know. It's mine. Mavs. It's mine. Where's C's? It's mine or Mavs. We each bought one and then we lost one. No, but You can log in and It says Maverick on it itself. Yeah. Yeah. But Maverick also was the only one that bought Smash Bros. So we always had to log into his account on the switches. I mean, it's a tossup. What? No, I kind Of wanna, I kind of wanna hop on the train. Can we get one of those? I can't Really. I We have one nose. No, but if It's on I Can play with it then What'd you say? Well, We're gonna be fighting over the switch. What if I wanna play Then you guys are like, I wanna play. I I always Forget You can, you don't even play. So I think we'll cross that bridge when we get there. I always forget that I get hit by a car and I don't mind that it's myself tan.


But deny I Can self tan because I'll be done with my audition. And so Aw, I won't have to worry. Yeah, because my mom is always onto me about my self tan hands. You have self tan hands. Yes. But to be brutally honest, hard for what does that mean? You self tan too much when You self And Kate, don't worry. Kate does it too every night. I'm like, Kate, you really don't need to put that on. I don't tan On right Now. When you self tan ma, if you don't put lotion on like the dry areas and like in between your fingers because your fingers you got CREs, like the crease comes together. So there's knuckles my skin there so that it looks darker. You don't Know. Nevermind. Gross. Well I don do what he is gonna say. Let's self tan looks worse than not, than being pale. You. That's what he was gonna say. You're being too brutally honest.


Yes it does. No self tan looks literally worse on someone than if they just were their normal skin color. Nope. Yes it does. Looks I don think I look. It looks like you spray painted yourself. I I'm not Even kidding. I like, I like it like That. So you took a spray can and just painted yourself. What do you hem You don't agree with? That Was self tan. Yeah. Yeah. I You told me I should have self tanned for the live show. No, I said you should probably tan for the live show because the lights are gonna be bright and then you're gonna look pal. But you were, you were saying to go to a tanning bed. Yes. Nope. Not doing that. I'm not getting cancer. Sorry. If you want me to get cancer at the age of 22 and die and you are afraid, go to tanning beds. No, I didn't say that. I'm not doing that. I didn't say to do that.


You flipped this away. My Friends go tanning. She's going Crazy too. In case you're wondering. I don't think you should go to a tanning bed or self tan. Okay. But if I had to choose between I, 'cause I wanna be tanned. Would you rather me tanning bed or self tan? How about you do neither? That's like saying I don wanna eat Oreos. Okay. Would you rather? But I don't wanna be fat. Or you don't have to self tan. You can go to a spray tan place. I like Smell Bad Kate. I'd love to just, you know, remind you if You can Never shit back crunch the Number one. Cause get one free one every month. Or not number one, but it's like one of the top causes of cancer is is the sun. Oh yeah. Not, not the Tanning bed. I wear sunscreen Something. No, wait, can you wear sunscreen in a tanning bed?


Listen, no, no, no. Hold on that you wear sunscreen. My friend gonna tanning. They have tanning Lotion outside and tan outside actually. Therefore you're just being outside longer to get the tan. Actually, just let me, let me inform you real quick. Last, probably about last spring, I started going outside to tan and then I was like, this is just as bad as going to a tanning bed. So I stopped. Yeah. In the Summer. Yes. Any form of sun tanning. Literally what A tan, tan is. I Tanning outside last summer. What A, a tan from the sun is literally just damaging your skin. Skin damaged. That's why it turns a different color. Is your skin is damaged, But it's so pretty. You look so pretty when you're tan. You look so bright tan. Yeah. So I do sell tan, but I try, I I try to do like a reasonable shade where I don't look straight up orange.


Yeah. So I don't know. It can't be good for you self tan either. Everybody calls me orange. Definitely clogging all your pores. Now that me and Matt are being brutally honest. Kate, how about you be brutally honest. My Mom called me orange today. Really? You look orange. Yes. She called you orange. Yes. You don't look orange. Thank You. I don't look orange. No, no. You look red. Very red. Okay. Look a little orange. I don't Look orange. Do you? Do you think you look orange? Yes. Sometimes I'll say self tan blindness is a thing. Oh Wait. Sometimes when I'm self tan and I feel like I look orange, but when I put my makeup on and the rest of my body's not self tan, then yes I of course I look orange. Feel like That self tan. And I, We were going to target the other day and we saw two girls coming outta target about your age and self. What did You say? Self hand blindness? Self hand blindness was real Heavy.


Really. Like if you think you look orange, these girls were No, I comparable. And why do They always comes in pack ofo? They're always two manning. The self tanned girls are always two of 'em. And they're always like with like tube tops on and they're like, no, no, No, no, no. I, they're, I Can tell you exactly what they look like Walking outta target. They're walking outta target and a sweat set because they have a tan on that's developing and they can't wash off yet. That's why they look so funky. No, No, no, no. They had shorts and with buns and Shirt on today. Like just going to pickleball type logo. Oh Yeah. Well that's unfortunate. You're self tan blindness. Yeah. I think we should start telling people, Cassius told me she's Gonna walk up to random people. Like, Hey, excuse me. I think you have self-tan blindness.


I, I Still want, I still, I can't believe there was a piece blackhead hat in his ear. There's a blackhead in Cass's ear. Like that's like There was a blackhead in my ear. We got it out the last episode, his ear and it's gone. Now let's be brutally honest with show. It's damn. Let's be brutally honest. Honest, yeah. I was brutally honest about self tan. Somebody else be brutally honest about something. Mm. You should stop dyeing your hair like that.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the Void void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, You can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how You can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop. Pay boost conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


This is a message from sponsor Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was getting frustrated by your forms. Now taxes is uploading your forms with a snap and a TurboTax expert will do your taxes for you. One who's backed by the latest tech, which cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy, all of which makes it easy for you to get the most money back guaranteed. Get an expert now@turbotax.com only available with TurboTax Live full service. Seek guaranteed details at turbotax.com/guarantees.


There you go. Okay. Well I didn't like that game. You guys need, we should played. Is that what I, is that what it felt like when I said you should have tanned yourself? Yeah. I'm gonna be brutal. Honest. It's been kind of awkward with me and Kate ever since she, what she did what she did. But let's not talk about Wasn't I too Harper? Well, that got awkward. Let's not talk about it right now. No, you Brought it up. You wanna talk about it? We gonna Talk about that because you mentioned it. Go ahead and tell the people what I did because I did nothing. I don't even, I don't wanna look at you right now. Oh my gosh, I'm so dramatic. I'm Piece yourself tan. Keep I just, I didn't even Do anything. I think you're a nice person to me, but like what? But what, what you did to that poor cat, what you Did?


No, because Moment What's funny, wait, I know what she's talking about. What's funny is Kate's trying to act like it's a joke right Now. Yeah. You're trying to act like it's a joke, but it's really not. Yeah, I was confused at what you were talking about for a second, but now I understand what you're talking about. I know. I I still, I'm not cut in. It happened a week ago, Kate. You know exactly what she's talking about. Fuck, don't. Yes you do. Can someone inform me? Do you know Kate? Can you stop acting like I do? I I think that's Harper's business To bring with you. Well, I was booing Kate, but if you haven't even brought this up to her, I think I should boo you. Me. No ma Kate knows what she starts about. She knows what's happening. She's, you're my what? You're Trying to play the victim. I'm Not trying to play the victim. I need someone to tell me What's wrong. Kate. Kate, we're all Big Kids here. Admit what you did to Harper. Okay, Let, let's not, I would love to.


I Can you tell me so I Can talk about it right now? Let's just not talk About it right now. No, no. The the drama's out now. No. Harper is mad at Kate. No. What's wrong? Listen, Harper's mad at Kate what Kate did to Harper. You brought the drama. Apologize. He brought the 3D glasses and you brought the popcorn. And I am excited for this show. Please. I Can deny that joke. Can I go Get my thigh semi clusters? But I'll be brutal, honest with Kate right now. Okay? You have hurt me very Bad. Okay, tell me how so I Can tell you I'm sorry. Oh, it's funny, isn't it? I'm laughing because It's awkward. It is kind of awkward. Kate. I don't think you should be laughing in a situation like this. I don dunno what I did. What did I do? Oh, You know what I did? I don't wanna be a part of this conversation anymore. I do. Yes you Do. You literally just said you wanted popcorn. Shut up. I'm literally in the middle of it and I'm having one of these moments.


I mean like, it's just like, Can you please use your words and tell me what I did? And I will tell you I'm sorry, Kate. You know what you did. Just admit it. Okay. Whatever I did, I'm sorry. Kate Knows exactly what she did and she won a minute. No, I, I don't, no, that's the thing. And you guys are making me look so Nervous. Look, she's touching her mic out of nervousness. Nervous. You guys are Nervous making me look bad. Everyone's gonna be like, I can't believe Kate did that. Kate did what? Can someone say what Kate did? Kate, can you relax? Kate's relaxed. And she, We'll tell them maybe in another episode, but I don't wanna bring it up to make you look bad. You No, Kate, you are. Or Harper, you already brought it up. You So now we now we should air it out. But I think Kate should admit to it and own up to it. Okay. Listen, I, I I I want, well There's a list of things. Oh my gosh, Kate, just own up to what you did. There's more than that. Why are you me so hard? Because I only know the one thing I know.


Why are you guys gaslighting Me? Harper? Did you have an accident? What do you mean you're sitting on a towel? Oh, The water? Yeah, the water. Yeah. Oh, that. Wait, wait, wait. But yeah. Kay. It's safe to say she's not pinned on my phone anymore. So This is crazy. And even I'm pinned on Harper's phone. She, I got a bone to pick with Kate too. Really? Yeah. Is that what she did? Yeah. Well, not the same thing. A different thing. What? To Kate too? Yeah. Kate has been actually mean to Kenzie this weekend. I'm probably gonna lie. Kate was good weekend. You were mean to Kenzie and Harper. Kate Was three and a half hours away. So Kate Is, that was part the, the problem Down to earth. You actually hurt me.


Kenzie was frustrated too. I can't lie. Kenzie was frustrated's a joke. Joke. No, Kenzie was Frustrated. Jill are messing with me. Kate. I actually Kate. Kate. I'm not joking. Kenzie. I better Now frustrated with you this weekend, But she's better now. I'm better now. She she's recovered. What happened? Wait, wait, wait. Okay, wait. This got fun because, okay, I'll be honest with you. Ca everyone's vacating originally we were just trying to gaslight you into admitting something that you did. But apparently there's nothing you did. So you passed the test. No. But there is Something that she did. She hurt me. Okay. Harper still played along with it, but Kenzie actually barely has something. So please air it out. Well you Should never heard that It went through. Air it out. Kenzie. Air out all the drama. Please. You should never heard that story 'cause it's not that good of a story.


But What happened? What? Well there's still something. You catching up for all this for not that good of a story. Why? Can You tell me what man? All I know is I kept hearing about it 'cause K You did not Keep hearing about it. I said it one time like Four or five times I heard about it. No, she hear what That No, y'all can't say That I missed the, alright. Spill the beans. Actually no, I take it back. I said something about it twice. What Happened? What Did I do? It was not five times. Kenzie. More than twice. What is the something I also wanna hear? 'cause I feel like she is still mad. I'm, I'm mad. Like, I'm sorry. The act is, no, it's not an Joke If she doesn't understand what joke. It's not an act. What? It's Not an act. You think it's an act? But Yeah. You think it's all funny and jokes, but I'm literally like crying in my room every night.


Okay, great. Then what? Then what is it? I Don't wanna bring it over. Yeah, exactly. Alright, Kenzie, go ahead and tell your story. What is I need popcorn. I don now. Where? Myle box. Well, I mean the girl drama is girl drama right now. Okay. Stop joking about it because like, I I wanna cry right now. Oh well Harper, I Can tell that's unfor not gonna happen too. You're being serious. What happened this week? Come on. What happened? Where's He's getting Ale box. Can you tell Me what happened? Yeah. Hey, av, get this Knackle box. This is about to get real good. I know. So excited. Oh, What happened? Hey, wait, what? All the snacks you got in there. Okay. Backstory. I went on a back trip this weekend and Cash and Maverick's parents came into town. Kinzie's family was here. Whoa. Whoa. Where are you?


Oh, I got a couple. You have a story to, to with people in. I'm just giving you all the backstory 'cause I have no clue what happened. Okay. Ken, I'm just mad right now. Just cut all you have. Kenzie. What is it? Well, my first bone pick is with the boys. Okay. Oh my gosh. She's saving the best for last. I'm okay with that. Okay. Okay. 'cause we have asked them so many times to go get that guest mattress in the guest bedroom. Oh. From the storage. And they have not done it. And I was like, it's okay. 'cause we really don't have that many guests anyways. It's fine. Well my friend Abigail came up this weekend and she was going to stay in the guest room. So I like made the bed and we got, me and Kate got it all situated and it was good to go. Okay. Well Abigail gets here and then me and Abigail leave for her birthday dinner and I come back and James and Tara's truck is in the driveway.


And I was like, oh, I didn't know they were coming. The boys did not exclude that information to me. They did not share at all. Well, no, no, no. I didn't know. And I told Tash and Kate knew too. Everybody knew Abigail was coming. So I'm Barb, the point can we use next? Sorry. The point Is, is that we have asked seven times with the mattress outta of the storage unit. And you should have done that by now. And this wouldn't have been an issue, but it's, I apologize. The only one on my knees, please forgive me. Josh is the only one that knew both people coming. What? He's like, this is me. Funny. Okay. Alright. Can you, everyone's sleep in the same bed. Can you please tell me what, what Happened? Oh, yes, but I'm not done yet. Okay. With the boys actually supposed minutes Off. What?


Seven minutes? Yeah, we got Hurry. We got hurry. Oh, actually yeah, yeah. No, we don't. Yes We do. She Waiting for an audition. Okay, well then I'll be real quick. So I tell Maverick, I text him. I'm like, we don't have another bed for Abi. And So, oh, we're still on the bed story. I'm here. We don't Have a bed for Abi and don't on the Kate. And so instead of responding back to me, Hey, let Me ask you Something. Alex walks in the door and Alex is like, Hey Kenzie, where's your, what is it? My, what is that? Storage key Storage unit key. And I was like, why do you need the storage unit key? And he was like, oh, I'll go get the mattress. And Tara's like, ah, those boys there delegating everything. And I'm like, no.


They were supposed to get this mattress y'all Meeting. We were busy. We were literally busy. Have You been busy the last three weeks? Well, I'm sorry. Do you want us to go back in time and get the mattress? I'm not talking about this. We have seven freaking minutes to tell the good story. Mike, What happened? Kenzie. Oh, okay. So all weekend. There's just boys everywhere. Sorry, I, I can't believe I coughed at a time like this. The cats got covid for that meeting. Not only did you cough, you coughed your tongue out. Listen, the last like three days, I haven't been feeling the best, but it's been like this stupid annoying sickness that like, you're not really sick, but you kind of are. But sorry, go ahead. Red cough. Okay. Sorry. I affected everyone moving on. Anyways, it is just been boys all weekend. Okay. And then on top of that, we go to pickleball and we get in the car and cash mavery yelling at each other and We've heard all this come on Anyways, so it's just been a lot.


And so I was like, man, when is Kate coming home? And every time I ask cash, it's anyone near and out the other, he doesn't listen to anything I say. And so I was like, I'll just text Kate. So I texted Kate and I was like, Hey Kate, when are you coming home? You're very missed. And she didn't respond. And I was like, I didn't see it. I'm, I'm so sorry. I was like, well that's a stab to the heart. But I was, you know, that's it's fine. Busy. Did you ever respond? I did Actually. I responded last night at like 2:00 AM When I finally saw it, I was like, it's fine. She's busy. You know? Yeah. I texted her at 1:00 AM last night, but Then she texted in the group chat and asked questions and I was like, Oh. Oh no. She did. I'm so sorry. I was trying to get crazy thing in the group chat. I was like, just send something like Kate.


What? What were you gonna say? I don't remember. She was gonna be like, can we get an L in the chat for Kate everybody, because she's ignoring me. I'm so sorry. It's okay. Well, you wanna know something else? Kate didn't respond to my either. Oh, I drunk. Oh Well feel better. Kate. Kate didn't respond to my text either and she snapped me though. What? And she also, I, I said, can you please block him on The LOL Podcast Uhuh? And then she said, today, water on Mav for payback. Wow. Well it makes you two feel better. Kate texted me this weekend a lot when she was gone and I didn't respond to her much. Yeah. We're in a meeting and cash is like, ugh.


I'm like, what? Like Kate's texting me. That's not true. That didn't happen. Really? No. No. It's a fact. That did not happen. What meeting were we in Matt? Hmm? What meeting? We were at meeting. We were at a meeting. What meeting? It was a meeting. No, we were at dinner with my parents. Oh, we were there too. It happened multiple times.


If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with babble right now up to 55% off your babble subscription at babbel.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool from Progressive. You can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states,


Man. No, no, no. He's lying to you. I think you're a very pretty girl. I never said that. Okay. I would never ignore you all. Okay. I'll be brutally honest with you. I mean, no way. I'll be brutally honest with you. No say it. No what? Stretch. No, I didn't say that. I never said that. Bull. That he his bull that he this. Whatcha gonna say this? I'm so sorry. You're gonna make a cry, Kate. I swear I did not say this. I did it. Why is everyone saying you did? I did not say it. No, it was Maverick. Shut up. Mouth.


Maverick. Maverick say it. Is it the Truth? No. Still isn. No. No, he, he. Why are you crying? Kate? This is fake news right here. This is not real. Say it now. Okay. Okay. You want me to real with you? Okay. You want me real With you? I would like everybody to be for real because I feel like I'm at the butt End of some joke. Can I don understand what happened? Don't cry Kate. Kate, don't cry. No. Say it. It's okay. Don't cry. Listen, it's about fake news. Listen, you know cash. He's saying stuff for jokes all the time. He's just joking. He's just saying like, oh, you know, Kate's texted me and he's like, she just texted me. How you doing? And he's like, I'm doing the same. No I didn't.


Can you please not math? Stop laughing. Nothing you're saying is happen right now. That's hard. Nothing. I'm trying to help. I don Dunno what the tv, the tears. I'm freaking out. His tears are becoming more and more tears the longer you talk. He's just joking. That is one thing we have in common right now. The more mad talks, the more tears come from Kate's eyes. So you should probably shut up. I did not mean to make you cry. Why you crying? No, Because I, everyone's like apparently mad at me this weekend when I was gone. Oh, I wasn't mad Kate. I knew you were. I know. I was especially happy when you walked in the door this morning. I was like, oh, thank goodness she's, Listen. Kenzie wasn't actually mad. She's joking. Okay. Harper was completely trolling.


No, I'm not Understand. Do you not understand that? I'm trying to keep myself contained right now. Alright, well, yeah. Whatcha mad about again, I'm not telling you yet Because there's nothing. There is a lot. I'm sorry. Is so funny. Kate crying right now and we're all just laughing around her. I'm Kidding. No, I'm leaving this, I'm leaving the episode. I'm, I'm so mad. Get out. Yes. I just get outta the episode. I'm mad. Oh yeah. That really showed us all.


She's gone. All right. And she's gone and gay back. Well, thank you guys so much watching this. Me and Kate are gonna go to a therapy right now and it's all my fault. I'm so sorry. Wait, wait. Get this on camera. Okay. I love you. I love you a lot camera. I really love you a lot. Yeah, me and you. Okay, bye.