(0s):
Genuinely we can cut this, but like, do you not like the podcast anymore? I just feel like God's like telling me to go a different direction in life and I like, Are you quitting social media completely? No. I would probably just, I think I just won my taxes.

(14s):
Yeah, I just switched to h and r Block in about one minute. All I had to do was drag and draw blasters, return into h and r Block and bam, my information is automatically there so I don't have to go Digging around for all my old papers to switch. Nope. Sounds like we just leveled up our tax game. Switching to h and r Block is easy. Just drag and drop your last return. It's better with block.

(38s):
We're so done with New Year. New you. This year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what? We love that for you. Someone else will too. Be more you this year and find them. Mum. Bumble

(1m 3s):
The podcast. So you're saying it's you or Kenzie, I mean kind of. And Kenzie is your wife, so obviously you're gonna choose Kenzie. Y'all. I was the last person here and Kate still has her other pink chair, so I I Can always Go Throw Harper in Bing. Bagg. I just ignore that I had to do a Texas speech. What The heck? Oh no. Harper rolling. We're back. What's up guys? Welcome back to episode. Ah, really? Coop guys, isn't it crazy that we're the funniest podcasts on the planet? You Know what? I think It's crazy. Some say some say, you know what?

(1m 43s):
I think it crazy. Say what? That they're still lingers of the girls podcast here. No. How is their lingers? Oh, the memories. The memories. You know. Oh, I am not Going, oh no. Change that screen. You know, maybe, maybe we Wait what? The change that screen. Yeah. Get that screen outta here if we haven't already. We might have posted these out here. Gimme your phone. Change that screen. Don't remote. We shot. She confiscated the remote. Y'all are so lame. There we go. There we go. There we go. The pink is, Yeah. That's enough. Yeah babe. And we might have uploaded these out of order, but we shot two episodes today and one of them was a girl podcast.

(2m 27s):
It was so relaxing. Yeah. It was girls only, it was them three girls and Harper's sisters. Reese and me Maverick were not on the episode. So mom, and it was so relaxing the episode, if it's not already out, which it probably is, I don't know if it is or not, but if not, it's gonna come out soon. Yeah. And it's probably gonna flop because you know, me and Maverick's, gorgeous faces are not on it. Yep. And the girls are just gonna flop because they're just floppy. I Literally, I genuinely do not believe that it would flop because I feel like so many of guys seriously asked for that for so long. And also they're acting like it's gonna flop, but they low key we're like, we should do a girls podcast because it would do so good. They were the ones that no. Yeah. Why didn't do No, I have no faith. And also on top of that, he's such a hater right after the girls pod Harper told me she did not enjoy the podcast, dude.

(3m 12s):
What? She would never say that a great time. Did I clipped it? What? No, you did not. I did. Did you say that Harper? Oh no, no. I would never say that. Oh, yes, you, you did know What I saying. Oh yes, you Harper, You can I face your microphone? I don tell us the truth now. I Mean what? I Mean like it worked. Like save all that stuff for the pot, save all that stuff for the, this is, this is me talking about you guys don't talk about things. Let's talk about it on the pot, the girls Episode. Better. Maybe you should have gotten your refl right? No, everyone be quiet. Be quiet too. Matt, did you not Actually bake the girls episode better or this episode? This episode. Like I just feel like the girls episode was like kind of Boring. You know? You didn't Enjoy I did play that again.

(3m 53s):
Play that again Harper. Wait, wait. You didn't enjoy it? I did. Wait, I Can go back a little further. Everybody gotta be quiet. Oh no. Like I just feel like the girls episode was like kind of boring. You Know? You Didn't enjoy it. I, I did. I enjoyed talking with y'all. Like I Enjoyed talking Y'all. That was crazy. Wow. That in case y'all couldn't hear that Insane. Matt said, did you enjoy the girls episode? And she's like, eh, no, I'm hurt. I mean, guys, I love talking with y'all, but like, I'm part of the boys. Oh, Hey, hey. Whoa. Wait, Wait, wait.

(4m 33s):
Hey D me up. If we're just d me up, we need do an activity. D give the activity. Yeah. D you know what? Hey, since we're, since we're showing Dab, I'm trying To dab here all a Well if we're showing tell story, showing clips. Yeah. Harper's gotten clipped up a lot apparently because I actually, no, You should learn to watch your mouth. You gonna learn that Re clip. Oh, this is great of Harper. What Does that even mean? My clipping? Your I know, I do. I I don't think I Can watch. Okay, are y'all ready for this? Have you Seen all the tiktoks of what I feel like, like actually so many people like think you like Maverick.

(5m 19s):
It's Crazy. I don't do you? No. Why'd you laugh like that? I don't understand every, all, You know, he's getting married. I I know that obviously I, okay. Like even if I did, I I would tell you because like you're my best friend and like I wouldn't, like I don't have a crush on Maverick. Yeah. No, I'm messing. I know you don't. No, The ball spot is insane. The what? Spot Off Saying you have a ball. It keeps going. It keeps going Harper. I just can't like he has such a big ball ball in the back of his Head. What the dude, I'm telling Him you said that though. There's a reason you always wear that hat. I I, We all know I don't know a hat because the dude did frick up my hair and he cut, cut the sides.

(6m 1s):
He's Been saying that for three weeks now You have there. It's Oh my God. She's right. No bald. No mam. I'm so legit. You do have a bald spot. I don't have a bald foot. She's like Shaking your head. She's trying to like not agree. I don and she does. There's no I don love your hair. Please actually turn around. Like turn around. Turn around. It's fine. A lot of people Have Matt, the camera can't see that. Like turn around to the camera More. More. I Can see it more. It's very, there's not a pair of It's because of your hat. No, it's tapping. Matt. I'm not Take a picture of it. Harper show it to him. It's just where my hair like late. I don't have that Harper got bald spot right here, right the middle. No shit. No She doesn't. That's a hair part Scalp.

(6m 42s):
She's gonna show you a picture of it. Turn Out. It's kind of just y'all. No, no, no, no, no. How wants to take, to take a picture? Look. Dang. Don't be so salty. He's snap at you with it. That's Just where my hair's laying. Y'all cap. That is crazy. Wait, text cash. That's like yeah, go ahead and do a 360 in there And no walk. Cash doesn't have a bald spot because Oh, he looks so careful. He does. Lemme see. Keep going. Odd spot. Keep going. There is a small Wall spot. No, that one's not really Bald spot. Every guy has a spot where their hair. I'm, I'm full of hair. Hey Alex. Your hair definitely does not spot. You got Yeah, Alex Has just got Too much hair. Curly hair.

(7m 22s):
Okay. It's getting Listen, Let this be a lesson to everybody around us that our phones actually we'll pick up on anything you say and we will show somebody. So don't talk bad about man. It's, it's getting hot in this sauna. Oh, I forgot. Yeah, that cash is actually not just sitting in a pink box guys. It's a sauna. So he is hooked up to a steamer inside that is just steaming him up. Yeah. And, and it's getting kind of hot. It's kind of cooking behind. I can't wait for you to start sweating. No, it's getting hot but And Harper lied about it on her girl episode. No you She was like, oh it's on. Oh it's on. You didn't sweat very much for being on sweetheart. Well I don't sweat. Girls don't sweat. Yeah, girls don't sweat. The glitter. The glitter the ggl. No, actually you know what's funny is this Probably won't be funny.

(8m 3s):
Kevin Hart funny. What that was mean. Well let's see if it's funny. Go ahead. Wait, wait. What'd you say? I said know what's said. It probably won't be Funny. I said, you know what's funny you, he's my biggest op on this show. Who? That's not what Maverick again, what you just said isn't funny. No. Anyways, what's funny? I'm confused. Are you looking for somebody? I see this one's funny. What's going on here? What's Funny is that this sauna thing was like sitting downstairs forever and I was like, gosh, Maverick ordered a sauna. But like why has he not used it yet? Because we all thought Maverick just ordered a sauna to just like sit in by himself Like that. It seems like something that I Don't give her a charity Laugh Guys. Guys, why is that funny? He's so mean. It was real funny. No, but what's, Wait, what?

(8m 43s):
Why'd you just laugh like that ma? Because she goes Yeah, yeah. No it was real funny. It was funny. Gait. Maverick's Deflection is when he feels attacked. You know Kat On the last episode, Oh don't about Kat Cat Don't talk about Cat. Why Don? I feel like Cat would do this. Ready? Ready. I feel like you would do this. My alien princess and my alien Harper. What? How did your ankle, your knee, like did your body wait? Your kneecap just went like 360 upwards. It was a completely, You know that song is like the Alien Princess and my alien attire? No, I only know I'm the alpha, I'm the leader. That's The only I know. It's, it's like, it's like the stars, the light, the fire. My alien princess and my alien attire. She Did it again.

(9m 24s):
Her kneecaps are gone just like a 180. It's like she's slapping herself with her foot. I Can Do this. Watch. Ready? Oh. Oh My God. She flight. Oh I not look that she literally could fly Away. That's just rotating your No, it was like really cool. Remember when you were like, y'all wanna see a party trick and you slammed yourself on the ground? Dude, I was just thinking about that. Yeah. And the painting fell. Yeah. Can you do another party trick? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well Not that one. Do new one. A new one? Yeah. You got party tricks? Soly a new party party trick. I'm trying to think. I know you do. Oh, I got a good party trick. Okay. All right. Ready? Everybody I'm ready. She like spits on cash or something. Oh please don't do that. No, he's kind of helpless, right?

(10m 5s):
This Don't hurt way to do torture cash 'cause his head is out. Oh my God. My goodness. What just happened? One walker actually full sin. Have you tried that? Uhuh Harper Paintball? Yeah. Penny still up? I'm not impressed. I guess I'm still Oh we drilled that replay the moment. Replay the Momo and Harper did that last time and the painting fell. It Was, I guess it's replaying. Dude, that was the funniest thing. Matt. You do that, just lay on your butt like that. Oh that's so terrifying. I can't, no, That That hurts. Now do it math. I'll Do it. Break. Break your tailbone. Yeah, I don first. Harper Already wins.

(10m 45s):
I already went. Dang It. Okay. Why Don Girls Go. Heck No, Kenzie. I'm not doing that. I, I have tailbone problems. I

(10m 53s):
Welcome To NATA Island. Nice on Metro's NATA Island podcast. I Almost fainted when the four new bomb shelves arrived for free Samsung Galaxy A 16 5G phones at Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Thanks God Heated. That's wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro Plus Tax. Bring four numbers and an ID and sign up for any metro flex plan. Not available currently at T-Mobile or bill with Metro in the past 180 days Challenge.

(11m 25s):
What tailbone problems do you have? I can't tell you right now. Oh, you can't tell me. I'll tell you later. Tail. Yeah ma, do it. No. Why not? I can't take you seriously in the box. Yeah, you're, I can't take you seriously in the box dude. It's like the slowest, like if this was gonna kill you, it would take days but it would get there. Like this thing is slow at heating up but it would like Dehydrate your body. Is it bubbling? Am I hearing it like it's Like steaming behind it? Yeah. Behind me there's like a little crock pot thing. It's cooking me. He Sounds like he's in a teco. No, it literally looks like, you know those campers that are like shaped like half a circle? Yeah. That like are just hooked up to a trailer. That's what he looks like. Like you look like a Camper. I gotta get my phone outta here because my phone's gonna start sweating And I don't want my like a camper.

(12m 8s):
I don't want my phone to die so I'm gonna put my phone in the pocket. He looks Like one of those guys that are in that thing that and like they got like the polio virus.

(12m 17s):
Hey guys, what's up? Today I wanna talk to you about something that I know can feel a bit intimidating investing. A lot of us think you need a ton of money or financial expertise to get started and with busy lives it's easy to put off. But what if I told you there's a way to make investing simple and accessible even if you're just starting out? Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns makes it super easy to start automatically saving and investing your money for your future. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with Acorns. In fact, You can get started with just your spare change. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you and your money goals. Then automatically invest your money for you. Personally, I found Acorns to be a game changer and it takes the guesswork out of investing and makes it something I Can do without spending a ton of time or stressing about making the right decision. It's reassuring to know that even the small actions I take today can have a big impact on my future. So if you're ready to start investing in your future, head to Acorns dot com slash lool podcast or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing today. Compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorn advertisers LC and SEC Registered investment advisors view important disclosures as Acorns com.

(13m 26s):
Iron lung. Yeah, iron lung thing. And they got the polio virus. Oh this I Everyone knows what an iron lung is. Yeah. That kind of look like an iron lung. I know There was only one person using one and he just recently died. I know. And he went for a while. I know, I saw that video on YouTube. Yeah, It was really sad. The iron. He was like the last person but I Guess he died. Yeah, he did die a couple A couple months ago. But he survived in that iron lung for a long time and he like went to 70 years. He went to law school 70 years. He was in the, he was like a kid when he got put in it. 10 years old. Yeah, I know. Wait, what is it? The iron lung, the like big machine like circle machine. Like there was some disease back in my forties. Pop a picture of it but It was like he got like virus or something and like he got him super sick so he had to be like in the iron lung and he was in it his whole entire life.

(14m 8s):
And he literally lived to like his seventies or eighties in this like just machine and he like became a lawyer. How much do you know of how this man? Man, I literally went into a loophole of the iron lung but he like became a lawyer in his iron lung. Alright. Okay. Well any thanks for the glad you read his book. Okay. Isn't that kind of inspiring? Like he was like in an iron lung and he literally became a lawyer. YI Did. I did not. He had anything else to do. I have a great idea y'all. Wow. What if we made a book? Do you guys think people would buy it? Oh my gosh. That's Like my dream. A picture book. If I were like an author, I would like Love writing. Okay, I got an idea. Okay. You should write a book like, not like Me about The LOL Podcast. No. And then we should sell No, that a true story.

(14m 51s):
I say we all try to cross the United States on one penny and then we can write about it in a book. God, I bet. Get good stories. I don Like Brian Rehan. Yeah, that was the map. Copying Ryan Rehan. What? I did not copy. You see it here Live folks. What? Talking about Copying What? Yeah, She's in Long a Smoke show. What The what? Oh wow. We just stirred something up that we, Well now I'm just confused. What Ma you're not confused. Confused. We're not confused. For those of you who don't know, Maverick wrote a great song and it's called Oklahoma Smoke Show. Oklahoma Smoke Song. It's a great song and we were so excited about it and we put it out and the day we put it out, KH and I are scrolling on YouTube.

(15m 31s):
Wait Actually, actually for legal reasons, I don't think we should say this. Wait, what? Now I'm concerned. You know what we're gonna say, you know Exactly what we're, this Man is trying to act. No I don't. Genuinely, I don Don't you look at a smile on man's face. Genuinely. I have no idea. Actually you don't know what they're talking about. Zero hundred percent does no. Zero idea. Yeah. I don't know. She'll tell me. You Do know. You Just say it about what? The Oklahoma Smoke show Crap. Crap. Crap that Joke. Are we being sued? Dang, that was crazy. You just threw crap out there like that. So Mavs song? No, there's just another big artist who just recently dropped a song with the same title.

(16m 11s):
Yeah. Who said, oh, Oklahoma Smoke Show And like the same. It was a super slow song. But you said it the same way he did. That is not even close to accurate. 'cause I know who you're talking about now. Oh, and how is that not accurate? Because it's not even like his Song. Do you know everybody who knows us? Like I'm not even joking. Like every, every everyone in our family and everyone of my friends was like, yeah, I heard y'all's new song. Did you guys know? Yeah, my mom said That. There's another song called Oklahoma Smoke Show. You know how many other songs there that there are called Queen? It's just like, No, It's just like we have another song called Queen. Like, I mean like Well we dropped two songs called Queen No, No songs are called. Yeah, we Literally dropped two songs on Queen.

(16m 51s):
We we got Queen Bean and we got Queen. Well There's one song Queen. She was Queen Bee. Yeah, queen A Queen. Lots of songs are named the song ironically Queen by Caer Maverick is actually my favorite song. Those guys have dropped. Yeah. You know there's a whole band named Queen. No, I'm just saying that like Oklahoma Smokes show like was such like a specific title and cash. And I like don't listen to country music like that. But we know. So the next, so the day it dropped when we were scrolling on YouTube, we looked at it and we looked at each other and we were like, oh no. Y'all know Oklahoma spoke shows a thing. What, what type of thing? What do you mean? Like that's like a, like a, a term of endearment that pe like that's popular. What? It's not something I made up. I've never anyone say that. It's not something we know.

(17m 32s):
You didn't make it up. We're saying Zach Bryan Made it up. It's something Zach Bryan made up Mav. It's fine. Just apologize for four games and like, And we were actually at the gym the morning. This is crazy. No, I'm gonna tell y'all what happened at the morning. We were at the gym, the sun dropped. He's about to get mad. We were all like, you Know, ah, I'm getting Mad. We were checking it and stuff and, and Cash goes. He always does this. And I was like, what? He was like, when he's trying To like say, I didn't say this now I didn't say that. Play the Reclip. No, actually, actually I backed you on this. And then he defeated my backup so it just scratched out. But I don't know if that's a true statement. No, he's like, this is hard to have this conversation because we can't even play the songs. Did y'all Just hear it? He said this is nuts. This is nuts. Only millennials say that. They're like, this is nuts guys.

(18m 14s):
This is nuts guys. Wait, what did you just sound like freaking from New Jersey? He is nuts guys. It was a good, it was a good Accent but, but We were at the gym that morning and we like saw that Zach Bryan had a song that was released like Pretty Freak pretty frequently before this, but the same title. And we were like, oh no. And we went and listened to it and like the way he said, oh, Oklahoma Smoke Show was like, you obviously were more hype about it, but the way he said it, it was like so similar. We were like, okay, well, And Luke Comb just released a song like two weeks ago called Oklahoma Smoke Show. And I guess he copied me. Wait, did he really? Yeah. No he didn't. Yeah, you listen to it. In the movie that we watched, it's, it's not called Oklahoma Smoke Show. Yeah, it's in the movie. We watched YouTube.

(18m 55s):
It You're in Adam, Oklahoma Smoke Show. Matt's no. Yeah, it's the same thing. He, he says Oklahoma Smoke Show in every course. Well let me finish. So then Cass was like, he always does this. And I was like, What do you mean song released two years ago, by the way. I just looked it up like, hey, okay Mav, we hit it. Y Spoke. He was like, he always does this. And I was like, does what? And like when they're making music, Terry's the entire team on his back and no just gets crap for No When they're making Music, they don't write lyrics on a piece of paper. They literally find a beat and they just say words until it sounds good with Freestyle baby, they do freestyle all day. And Then when they're doing that, they literally will like say lyrics from another song to like fill the place. And then like later on they go back and they change the lyrics to like original lyrics.

(19m 36s):
But Mav said Cash goes. He always tries to do that. He'll copy other people's lyrics, but then he won't wanna go back and change them. I never said that He did. I was like, cash, you do the same thing. You copy people's lyrics but you go change 'em. And he was like, yeah, but Mav just doesn't wanna change 'em. He just wants to copyright all This is all not true. You can go listen, those songs aren't even similar. I never said that Mav. I didn't, they're just not even similar dancing. What? And Is dance All his feet? Yeah. Are you guys listening to the song right now? I can't. Oh my gosh. Wow. My back hurts. Why does my back hurt from laughing? You just are like so laughy this episode. Did I hear that? Did anybody else, when they start laughing their lungs hurt. Are you what Tummy? No. Like when you eat too much sugar, like Tic-tacs Really do that to me.

(20m 17s):
TicTacs TicTacs My heart guys, if I eat like those giant, those like 300 pack of Tic-Tacs, those orange TicTacs, she's like Bopping her head to the song. Oh, I don't wanna Marry if I eat like one of those three pack sound. Like Just let it go bro. I just gotta hear it. Yeah, you cover I don Copywriter used copyright. When you say copy, nobody thinks you copied in. Well, Copyright or not. I like don't go on a smoke show. It just, It's fine. Fine. It's fine. I'm gonna keep talking. I'm gonna keep talking so that we don't get copyrighted because right now Maverick is not listening to anybody else on set and he's playing tongue and he's trying to get his copyright. So that way so that we can't have be monetized on this video.

(20m 59s):
And we gotta, we gotta be monetized because we gotta keep the lights podcast. Stop, stop right now because the camera is going like this. This is impressive copy. Listening to the song, bro, he just doesn't care. He doesn't care about listening to any of us. He just do what he wants, what he wants. And the cameraman's still telling me to go like this because Maverick is still not listening to anybody outside. So not trying to keep talking Ma don't get, do you know what this sounds? I would say that Maverick try to RAs his voice like this. He used to try to, he tried To. I just realized that song says Oklahoma Smokes show one time. What song? The one by Zach Ryan. She's in Oklahoma Smoke. I just looked it Up every other time. It says Small Town Max. It's fine, It's fine. We take it back. It's crazy. None of us did. I I don't Think you copied it was a joke JK And all the people who came up the Accusations are crazy.

(21m 42s):
Everyone said it. 300 pack of Orange Tic Tacs. If I eat all those in one sitting, my heart, when I breathe in real deep, my heart starts to hurt. Guys, Y'all wanna know how much cash likes Tic Tacs? I love Tic Tacs. The other Day we were in Oklahoma and we were re rearranging his upstairs bedroom. And I, We moved a piece of furniture, a piece of furniture that's been in the same spot from probably about 15, 20 years. And I pick it up, she's in the, and there's, there's some dust and some, you know, some little crawlers and stuff that have, you know, accidentally crawled into the dark hole and died. And there was a tac and I said, oh, it's tac and Cash ate it. Oh, sorry, what? It was like a 20-year-old tac and he ate it.

(22m 22s):
Oh my gosh. I Can see him with his long nails. No, I Can, that's actually disgusting. I Can See him. Who are you calling? Av my lawyer Maverick. It's hot in here. Hey, I Can see Yeah, I'd like to sue for slander. You Are not fucking, yeah, you're not even, you're not even on the phone with anyone. I Can hear that. Well, I'm leaving a voicemail. Who Are you talking to? You doing voicemail? Your Mom My lawyer? No, he How about, how about you call our actual lawyer? That'll be it. Thank you. Oh, he was on the phone with somebody. What? I just told You, I was on the phone with my lawyer. Who is, who's your lawyer? It's, it's my lawyer. It's the same lawyer's. The same lawyer? Yeah. So you're gonna sue.

(23m 2s):
Wow. He's got a good case for himself if he used to play your lawyer case Your lawyer. Huh? What? Does one know how suing works? No, we're not suing each other. No, I'm gonna sue you. What? Or slander I thought you seeing but Like, you know how like You Oh, you're suing me? Yeah. I gotta call my spreading lies. I need to call my lawyer. Oh, I don't think I've ever heard have Burp on the po. I've bur like 10 times. What are you got? Dementia Harper. Do you remember when you used to fart on the podcast? Oh my gosh. I'm Oh, you were that girl. Oh yeah. Do it, do it, do it, do it. I don't have any more farts. We missed that girl Harper, do it. It's fine.

(23m 42s):
Please come back. You can. No, I know you can let loose. I'm not Let one Out guys. I Remember you got cut loose. No, actually please don't. I don't want, I don't want to get, God, It was such an era when Harper wasn't shared apart on the Podcast or do anything. I was so unhinged and I, that Was what was great. That's what people loved. And now you're like, Wait, what? That's Everything to do right there sometimes Harper, It's cool. It makes me so sad because sometimes Harper will like sit there like this for like 20 minutes and not say anything and we'll all be talking and everyone's like, Do that again. Can we appreciate? Yeah. Coming off that, what has gotten into Kate? Kate is talking more than anyone. Yeah. Which is crazy.

(24m 22s):
Yeah. You're you've been kind of trying to run the show and it's not this a being catch kind of thing. Okay. So Maverick's still mad about the coffee thing's. The all podcast. I'm now like, normally Kate's like the quiet one. I know Kate Kate's been like running her mouth. Not that that's a bad thing. I don't mean in a bad way. No. I'll stop talking. So Like, what do you mean by like, no, no, no. Tell me. Oh, I was just told not to talk. Maverick would I Wanted to hear it. I thought it was great. No. So what do you mean? I sit down for 20 minutes? Oh. Like sometimes. We'll see, I feel like I'm not allowed to speak now. No, you have permission. That's actually, I prefer that. Okay. I, I get, I give you permission. No, I Don't want permission. I'll speak when I want, but like, you guys just made me feel bad volunteering.

(25m 2s):
She's okay. She's volunteering not to talk. Why would you argue You can Do it? No, I just, I feel like I'm not allowed to now. No one wants me to. I wanted you to earlier when you were it Two, she's literally yawning because you're, you're talking what? No, I saw you yawning. Hey, we are out here. Pin it over to our timer. You're welcome. Look at that thing. It's almost, that's so professional of us. Oh, it's real professional. That clutter around it. Hey Clut, don't look clutter over here. Back over here. Don't look over there. Don't look over here. Don't look over there. Camera over there. Camera, camera. Come over here. No, but what the, what were You saying? I was saying like, sometimes we'll see clips of Harper, like where she doesn't talk on the podcast for like 15 or 20 minutes and like, it makes me sad Because Yeah.

(25m 50s):
And then people cut it up into edits and they're like, Harper's so sad. I'm like, Harper being, she's just playing with slime. Harper's being left out Harper. So You can zone out and you start to look like an asparagus. You're Like, yeah. And you're like, and you're like Not like, it looks like you don't wanna be here. No guys. I have a DHD so I focus on a lot of different things. And so like, I feel like Usually that's not the podcast. I Feel like what happens is you like start to think about like school or something. I start thinking about deep things. Yeah. Like, Because like guys, I'm here every day almost. And I literally only think like, this is the only time I get to think before I go to bed. So I'm like, so I literally like think about stuff like on the podcast. Yeah. Like what you like zone out Everything. Like two plus two. Yeah.

(26m 30s):
No, not two Plus two. Yeah. Oh, what's wrong? Did you just pee my eyes? You farted inside. It's coming out by your mouth. I knew that's Gonna happen. Boy fart. Ew. Oh, How do you like that? Sitting in that? That's what you typically do to other people. It's that good. I know. Usually he runs away Else. Humidity is horrible. It's like when you fart in the shower, but worse. I've Never farted in the shower. Don't do it. I, I farted in the bathtub before. Oh. The guys the other day they were like, oh, we should do a video where we swap girls for the day. And I was like, Nope. Can't do it. Cannot do it.

(27m 10s):
They're like, why? I was like, I cannot sit in the same room with cash because he's gonna fart or something. I just cannot do it. Yeah, I, Exactly. I feel bad for you Kate, but I know, imagine what it feels like. Good qualities you're going to take. Okay, that's it. I'll pay someone 55. I'll pay someone $55 to get in this sauna. Nope. But they gotta be inside. They can't have their head out. Their head has to be inside while I'm sitting like this. So somebody else can climb in here. No, you're gonna let me fart. Let me fart and let me fart and I'll pay you 55 bucks. No, 55 Bucks. Yes. But Why I laughed so hard was when Matt, why do you keep blinking? Did y did you know you were wining at me? No. Maverick, why are you trying to call me right now? Just blinking. No, just blinking. Maverick Tried to call me.

(27m 51s):
What? I'm not trying to call anyone. It says Maverick Baker missed call. He tried. I Didn't try to call nobody. He tried to call his lawyer. Is there something you'd like to tell me? Am I your lawyer Though? No, it's definitely not my lawyer. What were you gonna say Harvard Doing? Oh, well what, what One time Kate and Cash were in the bathroom together. Whoa. Whoa. Wait, what? I don't know where she's going with this. Kate and Cash. Were in the bathroom together. Continue. And then, and Then cash farted. When do you, when when was this? He told me about this on the podcast. Oh yeah. It happens all the time. Like what specific time? He said when he farted and you got out in the shower? No, in the bathtub. Oh, I do remember that. So He did like ruin our date night with the, I set out chocolate.

(28m 34s):
He put like, and roses and filled the bathtub up with warm water and even had our computer watching Netflix. I said, will you join me in a bathtub? It was like A trail of rose pedals. I said, look at her laughing at you trying to be romantic. This is hilarious. I said, will you join me a trail of rose pedals? It was So sweet. Nothing finish. I loved It. I Can actually, I don't even wanna To talk about now. Yeah, I wouldn't. And then imagine y'all, y'all having a nice little day night and then Oh, That's literally what happened. I was like, this is so sweet. Like almost in tears. And we like get into the nice warm bath together. We're watching Netflix, my cheek and about two and a half minutes in suddenly I thought she we're In a hot tub.

(29m 17s):
I thought she we're Not in a bathtub anymore. We are in a bubbling hot tub. I thought she wanted bubbles. Okay. No, it Is that how you dropped your computer in the tub? No, that was a different time. Yeah. The other, then we tried to do it again a date night in the bathtub. And then he farted two and then Kate dropped the computer in the bathtub. I did do that. Dude. What Electrocuted You? Dude, that would be like, so tragic. But at the time, Like were were you freaking out When I dropped it in? Yeah. Honestly I wasn't because it was just like the corner that fell in. 'cause you know, I got quick hands so I grabbed it quick hands and I like got, I was like, oh, like it's fine. And then what happened was when my computer died, it just didn't turn back on. 'cause the charger report was like ruined. Mm. What is, speaking of ruining things, Kenzie almost died guys.

(29m 59s):
What? Driving down the highway? I hate that. I did. Yeah. You don't remember which Time? Oh, it happens Recently, recently, recently. Like, Like recently. Like, like very recently. Okay. She almost died. Okay. She had no brakes. Oh, You did? I did almost Go on the highway. She, she's like, my brakes are gone. The brakes on your car. Were gone. Gone. Yeah. That was my last day of work and I was, I was gonna be driving up here. Okay, well I did drive up here and then about an hour and a half in. Yeah. Yeah. Probably an hour and a half in my brakes. Just stopped working And I was on the highway so it was okay. 'cause I had to go like 70 miles an hour obviously. Yeah. But if there was traffic or anything, I just, I could not, I was pressing the brake all the way to the floor.

(30m 42s):
No stopping at all. What the hell At all. That's insane. Is that where you gonna take her car to the shop Going so fast? Hope I don't crash. Whatcha gonna do no brake, baby? I'm gonna hit the gas. Y'all know that song? She like, Ah. Oh wow. Burping in his face right now is hilarious. You know what? I'm not totally unhinged. I I just grab you, shove you in the sauna. Farting. That's Just like mean disgust. That's like actually a form of abuse that I think she could file against us. Yeah. No, not abuse, but maybe murder. Yeah. It's those farts. No, but Oh, what? That was so cringey and backhanded. Hey, you have a microphone. Wait, so what did you do when your brakes went out? Like how did you stop? I just kept hitting 'em really hard.

(31m 22s):
If my Brakes ever go out, I will just open my door and stop it with my feet. Oh, Let's, okay. Would you like to go get in my car? Let's test the theory. I Can stop a car with my feet. No, You can pull off. You Can the, or pull off the pedal and it would stop eventually. Yeah. I just took my foot off the gas whenever I had to finally exit. And then I was hitting the brake as fast and hard as I could. And eventually they just started working again. And I was like, oh. So You took the exit not knowing if you'd be able to slow down. Yes. That's insane. That's insane. Wait, why didn't you just slow down, down on the highway and pull on the curb when the car slowed down? Well, 'cause then I would be on the highway. I thought, okay, well I exit right here. There's like nothing right here if Miles, but what if it could've stop? And my car's gonna slow down.

(32m 3s):
What do you mean? It's not just infinite just gonna go. If I'm not pressing the gas, eventually it's gonna stop. Okay. Wow. That was kind of crazy, dude. So anyways, I did it and then I took it to this car shop and they could not speak to me. 'cause we did not speak the same language and it was very confusing. And I had to use my phone for the No. You called Michael Amaya? No, I didn't. I didn't. No, You supposed to. He didn't. Oh, because he he speaks To you. He translates for us when we need him to. Well, Google had to help this Time. Yeah. Our our friend who also edits all our shorts, Michael, he is bilingual. And one more time. Oh, he's bilingual. Oh. And so anytime, anytime I meet someone who is not bilingual and we speak opposite languages, I call him and I'm like, Hey, and can you translate this for me?

(32m 54s):
It's really clutch. And like I called. Thanks Michael. What did Next time? What's that? Oh yeah, what did that thing I'll open that here in a minute. Wait, you open it? No, no, no, no, no, no. Go ahead and open it, Harper. Oh, no, no, no. I need to open it. What is it? It's something I'm going to open. Is it getting hot in there yet? Yes, babe. It's hot. I wanna use dripping. I know. It's like, it's just, it's just kind of got me hot into like a, a pissing off point. I wanna see you just dripping. Like, it's making me mad that I'm this hot. But like, it it's not hot enough to like really get you dripping Here. I got, I got you. What? You can Turn it up. No. Oh, you need some water? That's sweet. Come get Oh, reach, reach buddy.

(33m 35s):
Reach for the stars. Oh, well maybe next time We'll try Again later. You need a bendy straw? You can at least fix my microphone. No, I like it better. Like this Same, I'm not gonna lie, I wasn't thirsty until That's until now. Handed the water To you. Oh. Think Wow. Negative a thousand. I, that thing is like so awkwardly helpless. Yeah. You look helpless. Like you look so helpless. It's just I know. It's like so sad looking. I feel like a potato. Yeah, you just look like a head talking like, You literally are like, you're like a potato with a head potato. Potato head. Guys.

(34m 16s):
Oh God. I have a question. Wait, Fix your mic. What is your question? What is your question, y'all? Do y'all like the new like setup with Kenzie on? Yeah. What kind of question is it? Yeah. Yes I do. Kenzie. Like, no, actually we hate it. Wait, I like this couch. I know. Isn't it so cute? Like, do you miss any over Here? Parker? I just want you to know like you're welcome on our couch. Anytime. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Like we're not, I don't want any, Why would she ever wanna leave this couch? This is the coolest couch. I did like that couch. So why would you move? I don't, well, people were saying that it wasn't the best idea for me to be over there because they thought I was making you sad. No, It was, it is so bad. Like when you look at people, you guys, some of y'all are mean with the edits you make because Yeah, you'll like pick a clip when Harper's like zoned out thinking about her dinner and you're like, Harper's just so depressed when Kinzie is there.

(35m 7s):
I mean, like, sometimes I do kind of feel like a little sad about it. Like, because I don't know, like I I You feel sad about which part? Like, like that You haven't eaten dinner yet? No. I don't know. I don't know. Like sometimes when I like do see like the comments and stuff, I'm like, oh my gosh. Like this is like, like, it's like different with Kenzie on now. It's like weird and stuff. I don't, I don't know. Oh, with me sitting on the couch? Yeah. 'cause like, I don't know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What's happening? Wait, wait. Clarify what you mean. Like, Okay. Like everybody likes Kenzie here, but, But you, I love Kenzie as a person. I do.

(35m 47s):
No, but what I love Kenzie as a person. Like genuinely, I just don't think she's right for the podcast. Wait, I thought you were kidding Harper. I, Well I am new at social media, so I guess it's understandable, you know. Well, but it's okay. We don't have To talk about this on the podcast. I know. I just felt like it was kind of like time to bring it up because like, this is Crazy on the podcast. Crazy. This is awkward. But that's why my heart is Beating Fast. That's kind of why we like, but the reason we kinzie's not on the couch is because we didn't wanna like separate y'all. We, this isn't a couple's podcast and we don't want it to feel like a couple's podcast.

(36m 27s):
And I feel like if anything, like she only adds to it. And I think everybody is just like, I just feel like she's not really adding to anything right now. I don't know. Like I'll get funnier. I promise I'll work on it. I really want, like, I wasn't, like, I wasn't, people didn't really care for me when we first started either though. I was just like on the end, you Know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I also like feel like I'm just super like left out. Well, well, Don't, don't, don't say she doesn't add anything. Well, I think it's time we open that letter. No, not at all. Freaked. Is that letter No, no, no. That letter. What'd you do with that letter? No, no, no. I need to finish this. I, okay. Like I Well maybe Off the podcast. No, This is like, not in any rude way any, I'm not trying to be rude at all.

(37m 11s):
Like, I'm not trying to, Okay, well, okay. We probably cut this, but, okay. No. Okay. I don't, okay. I I don't know if we're cutting. Okay. Just, okay. Just go ahead and say it and then we'll Out. Just from seeing all the comments. Like I, I've kind of agreed with them and I've kind of been like, There's no way it's real. This is crazy. Oh, okay. No, no. Like, actually I don't like that you're pointing the camera at me because like, don't want No, like I feel stupid in this tape. This is not real. Like off episode are like, what do you mean? This is so funny. This is a funny prank guys. No, we, we won't put this in there if it's, This is crazy. It's, it's Kind of crazy though. I'm just telling the truth. Like right now, I don't know. There's no way. But, But, but because I love Kenzie and like, and I just don't know.

(37m 52s):
I feel like I agree with the comments sometimes. Like, well You know what, I've also seen comments. I've also seen comments that Maverick no women should be on the podcast. So Never happened. Matt, stop making jokes right now. Yeah, I Why do I stop making jokes? Maverick? Just be quiet. I don know this is an awkward Well what if I don't wanna be quiet? Maybe I'll leave. This Is awkward for me too because like literally there's two couples on the podcast and then there's me. But That's why, that's why we separated Makinzie because we don't want it to feel like a couple's podcast at all. But Maybe it is. It's not though. If we wanted wanted couple's pod No. If we want, if Harper would leave No, That's the thing. Even Then, it's not the same. It's The LOL Podcast. Absolutely. If we wanted a couples podcast, we could start LOL couples. But it is not a couples podcast. It's The LOL Podcast.

(38m 32s):
I don dunno. That's why we separated them and that's why Cash and I don't sit together because that's what Makes it feel like couples you to leave the podcast. I I don't want her to leave. I just like feel like she shouldn't, like, I don't know. I don't feel like she should Not a permanent host. Yeah. Like, I don't know. I like how she's agreeing with me like on this, but like, it's just like, I think she knows that too in a way. No, I don't. I think that Well mad You can kick her off if you want. No, no, no, no. I give I give you permission. Wait, Harper, Harper. Listen. I think that, I think that, is this a joke everybody? I I, I think everybody like, I think this is how you're feeling. I think this is how the viewers are feeling. I think everybody is like, doesn't like change.

(39m 13s):
Like they've known the, they've known us for the last year as The LOL Podcast and when you bring someone new on, it's different. And it's not a bad different, it's just different. And she's going to add to the podcast. That's why we wouldn't have brought her on if we didn't think she was gonna add to the podcast. I I know. And I think that people don't like it. If people don't like it right now, it's 'cause they're not used to it. And I mean, I'm definitely not used to it either. Like, I, I just, but you Will get used to It. I hopefully, I don't know. We're not, We're not mad. No, I know. I just like, well, Do you, I kind of mad, but do you still like the podcast? I Don't know. I feel like it's just had like a different change recently. Like I don know I, We added a whole Why's gonna, no, I'm not being lot changed.

(39m 55s):
You had puberty. Listen, listen, genuinely we can cut this, but like, do you not like the podcast anymore? I don't know. Like, I feel like it's just gotten to a point where it's like, there's already four people on here so I Can just leave because it's like, wow. Well we don't want you to leave at all. I Don't know. And I'm starting sophomore year and last year was a little in like, hectic with the podcast and stuff. And like, I love y'all with my whole heart. Like I, I always love being at the podcast. I love coming here. That's literally what I do after school. I come to the podcast and I hang out with the 20 year olds. But like, I, I, I just feel like God's like telling me to go a different direction in life. And yeah, I like Are you quitting social media completely?

(40m 37s):
No, I would probably just quit the podcast and the club. Wait, so are you saying it's 'cause of Kinzie? I mean, I'm not necessarily saying it's all about Kinzie. I'm just saying like, So you're saying it's you or Kenzie? I mean, kind of. I I don't And Kenzie's your wife, so obviously you're gonna choose Kenzie and it's just like, like, I don't know, it's Just like, yeah. Yeah. I mean I feel like, like I said, I feel like everyone's just not used to it. Just 'cause it's, we've had things so like the same for a whole like over a year now, it's been all the same. So when you change things a little bit, people don't like that. Like when you're watching a show and a new season happens and there's a new person on the show, people don't love the new person At first.

(41m 20s):
Yeah. But after the person's been on the show for a whole season, people fall in love with the person. Like from the Start it's just people don't know her yet and they're gonna get to know her. Wait, I don give you, are you saying this is about like, I just don't, did you want, do you want to quit? Like if Kenzie wasn't joining? No, I, I would stay. I, because I know that y'all would not do as well. Like if we didn't have Kenzie or you What? Yeah. Wait, you mean like, like the podcast won't do as well if you're not here? I mean, I don't know. I that's what all the fans are saying, so I'm just like, yeah, I just like, I don't think that personally, but No, no, I'm asking like, and like This sounds like, I mean so mean guys and I'm not, no, I Don't think, I don't think you're, I'm glad you're Telling me us. No, I'm asking, I'm asking like if Kenzie wasn't a, if we didn't bring her on as a permanent host, would was I saying You're in that too?

(42m 9s):
If Ken, if we, if Kinzie wasn't a permanent host, would you still want to quit? I mean, I don't know. Like, I probably wouldn't quit, but like, I just like, I don't know, I just feel like everything's just so different and I, the change is like a lot. I don't know. And like recently, like I've been going through a lot with my friends and stuff and like, I only have y'all, so it was just like, I don't know, like anymore. 'cause like I feel like I'm just like left out now. 'cause like there's two couples. Well, you're not Though. Yeah, I know. But like, I just like, I feel like I am. Okay. Are you about to cry? No, I'm not about to cry. I just like, because I, I just, The whole couch looks like it's about to cry. I No, I like, I like, when I knew we were bringing Kenzie on, I like wanted to make a point to like not make her feel left out.

(42m 53s):
And I also wanted to make a point to make it not seem like her and I were leaving you out. Like, I don't want, like, I never want this podcast to be cliquey. Yeah. Like we're all best friends and we all love each other and like, I never want anyone to think like, oh, Kate And Kenzie are leaving Harper out, or Oh, Harper and Kate are leaving Kinzie out. Like, I literally told myself, if Kinzie comes on, I'm gonna try my absolute hardest to make sure it never seems like that. Yeah. And I guess I just have like failed at that. Like, you Fail if that's how you Feel fail at, I guess. Like why didn't you like communicate this to us? Like Yeah, Because I I even, I I, I think we, we've asked you before. I know and I mean, I'll come back tomorrow to film and stuff, but I just like, Well, I mean, no, we don't want you to come if you, if you don't want To be here, I just, I just feel like I need a break.

(43m 35s):
I don't know. Yeah. Okay, Then, then take a break. But like, you don't have to come if like, we've always made that so clear. Like if no, if, if you don't wanna be here, you don't have to be here. Like we want, we want you to do this because you love it and because you're having fun. I do have fun, but I just like feel like, I feel like the podcast will do so much better with the couples, like a couples podcast. And that's why I'm saying this, like, I'm not just saying this to be like I'm left out and stuff. I'm just saying this to be like, like, sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just saying this to be like, Well now you got Kenzie crying. No, I'm fine. I just, I just like don't know how I feel anymore. Okay. Well I don't know if we're putting this out.

(44m 17s):
I don't even know where we stopped talking. We are opening the package. The package, The package. But I just, I know it's awkward now and I mean, it's not awkward. We just need to like, And I seem like the bad guy and now No, you're not the bad guy. We just need to figure out what we're gonna do from here. Like, I mean now I, I don't even care if this episode isn't going out. Let's just talk about it and figure it out. Like, do you wanna get here Or no? Well, the only, I, I don't know how to say. Okay, Y'all, I was the last person here and Kate still has her other pink chair. So I mean, Kenzie, I Can always No Kenzie.

(44m 57s):
No Kenzie. No. We don't want you to leave. We, we invited you to be on the podcast because we wanted you here. And I, and I think people are just not used to change And I don't think that you're the reason Harper would wanna leave. I think there's a lot more going on that maybe Harper's just not sharing with us or that she's feeling that is contributing to this. But we, we do want you here. That's why we wouldn't have asked you to come on the pod. We wouldn't have asked you to come on the podcast if we didn't think you would be a good addition. We Oh, get funnier. I promise. Well, You don't need to though. Like, I, I love you as a person.

(45m 38s):
And I, I was just saying this because like of all the people that have like talked about it online and stuff and that's like, I don't know, I've like seen all these edits and I've commented on them and people still don't listen and I'm like, guys, like we need to accept Kenzie as a new person. Like she's like a good like person and like You can still stick with your opinion, but like, just like try to change your view on her and stuff. But I'm not saying that I don't like want you here because I do. Yeah. I'm just like, I just feel so different and like, there's a lot going on right now and I feel like I just like need some time away from y'all and y'all can film podcasts without me and stuff and club videos and all that. But I just feel like there, there's nothing I Can really do about the situation right now because there's a lot going on behind screens and behind cameras and all that.

(46m 28s):
Okay. Well, I mean, I feel like we've made it very known to you that like, you don't have to be here and if you feel like you need to step away, that's fine. But I mean, I'm sorry you feel like that and, And I, I love all of y'all. Like y'all are like family. No, we love too. We're Not, we're not mad. We just, I mean, we need to know, but, And I know I should have brought this up. Like I, I know I should have brought this up, not on the podcast, but I feel like No, that's Fine. We're not on the podcast anymore. Yeah. So we can talk about it. Like, this is kind of like my final buy for like a few months. Wait, then you just wanna come back. I mean, would that be okay? Wait, why do you wanna quit? Just for a little bit. I don't know.

(47m 8s):
Just to take a break and start school up and, I mean, I mean, I don't know. What do you guys think? Okay, Let's just talk about this later and let's just pick up where we left off with the letter. Yeah. We'll, We'll we can, Let's just put a pin In this. Well, is the, is the restart, is the episode scratched or do we need to restart? We can just cut all this middle section. I mean, no. Okay. The, no, the episode doesn't gotta be scratched because it, it was all a joke. We good The tears. I know. Wait, you, I knew the whole Time.

(47m 48s):
I knew the whole Time. I don know how you cried like that. I Can How I thought it was real for a minute. I was like, crap. And I know guys, I look like the bad guy, but I'm not mean. Okay. What do you mean you thought, wait, what do you mean? No, wait, Harper, it Was just on us. Wait, wait. What do you mean? You thought it was real Harper? Wait. Like no, no was real On it. I was like, Harper has lost her mind. Dude. I so what? I wasn't Harper. I was not mad. I was just like, why is she talking about it on an episode when like, you know, we don't say things like that on The internet. I'm grown up enough to know that I don't talk about people in front of their faces. Like I only Do it when they're not There. I won't. Behind their bags. No, No, no, no.

(48m 28s):
I, Oh my God. No, seriously. I love Kenzie guys. And more the more the better. So it's Quit those edits. I I Can All of them. Sorry, go ahead. Yeah. Quit those edits. I am only zoned out 'cause I get zoned out. I don dunno, I've always been zoned out a little. I literally, I looked at Kate at Midway through the brain and I just saw her like I was making me so sad. I know. Wrote me who pop. We were like, what is going on? Matt was about to start saying like, I was like, what is going on? I was, Marick was taking like the comedy route at first. He was like, oh, it's fine guys, look at me. I'm funny. And then he was say, oh, I can't save this. No. Like It was, that was like a train wreck and you just couldn't, It was seriously really bad.

(49m 9s):
And then the Why did y'all do it so long? That Was like, literally it lasted like 20 minutes. I don't know. I was kind of waiting, I was waiting for Kenzie Harper to say it was a joke. I, I, I don't know. I was waiting like, I don't know. I, I couldn't hold through and I was like, Oh my God. I looked accusing that Actually put a pit in my stomach. Real tears falling down the Face. Well, I Can, I couldn't see Kim, did you actually cry? Actually I had like real, real tears in my eyes. 'cause I was thinking about the comments. 'cause they do kind of make me a little sad. It's okay. It's okay. It didn't have to be so serious. No, No, No. Wait. We a girl hug? No. So y'all can like, stop leaving one of us out. Yeah. Leave this Edit. Yeah. Delete all these edits guys. Make this an edit and Thank You for Edits.

(49m 48s):
Yeah, no, exactly. And you're Kenzie. Oh no, no. Thank you. Wing it in. Come On. But Seriously guys, those comments are so No, I I'll Give you a little high five. Give a high five. Bring, bring it in. That's not what I, You're just stinky. I try be nice. You just Stinky guy. I know because I was like, I actually was so sad too because Kay was literally physically in the middle of it and mentally in the middle of it. She was insane. Harper. It's okay. Well Kenzie, she doesn't mean that Harper. Yes I do. She said, oh, you do Kenzie. No, it was So awkward for me. 'cause I didn't wanna be like rude and, and I texted Kenzie before this. I was like, I swear I'm not, it's trying to be mean or anything.

(50m 29s):
Like I don't, I thought of the, I, me and Alex thought of the idea last night. We were thinking of podcast episodes, like just things we can do. And we were like, oh my gosh, you know, it would be so funny as if we have Kinzie and Harper like, like beefy beef or whatever. Oh my gosh. And we were like, and we don't tell m and Kate and originally No, no. Y'all are lucky. 'cause originally, originally you weren't telling Kenzie. We weren't gonna tell Kenzie. Oh, Oh my God. I don know. No, no. That would not have Been a good idea. So bad me, Alex. I wouldn't have done it if Kenzie didn't know that. You're like, let's not tell anyone but Harper and just have Harper do. And it only me and Harper would, that would've lasted 30 seconds if he did that. Kenzie would've been like crying out of the room. Like, that's so bad. But then I was like, okay, I think we have to involve Kenzie in on the prank, but I don that would, I kinda wish we did it because I would've loved to see How bad did You would've seen some real tears, Some walking off and hopefully Marick would've fallen in the Loop.

(51m 22s):
Matt just would've been like, oh no, no. It's all fine. It's a joke. Everybody That's so bad. No. Yeah. I I tried to get my acting skills on. But Wait, Kate, you really did not pick up on that. It was a joke at all. No, I like, because we literally all last night, me, Maverick Cash And Kenzie were all like sitting on the couch watching. We were scrolling through like LOL podcast edits and there was so many that were like dogging Kinzie. Yeah. And I was like, this is so sad. And then Harper comes on and starts dogging Kinzie. And I was like, No, I would never do that. It's So bad, bad though. Like, everyone keeps making edits like Harper before and Harper after. And like, Did you see my comment? Yeah, we did actually. We were like, Yeah. She like, I did stick up for You.

(52m 2s):
I yeah, I do comment. Y'all Stop doing stuff like that. Yeah. See guys, new, new, new podcast hosts. The more the better. The more the merrier, the more Good good Harper good. It's just like, I, I mean like, I, what I was saying like was actually so true. I feel like so many people, the one, the people that are like upset about it just don't like the change because so many people don't like change. And it's like you get change cash. And I first started dating the hate and the death threats I was getting was like out of this world. I forgot about that. I started dating Kate and everybody was like, send her to the cross. And I, our were people telling me In my dms how they were gonna come kill me because I was dating cash.

(52m 44s):
Like people did not like me simply because I was dating him. And it's like, now I Feel maybe it was also though because like, like me And Kenzie started dating and we didn't get hate. So maybe it was something to do with, but Yeah. But there is a difference. Their mouth. Maybe there was something to do with, with Me. I mean, potentially that seems to be bad. Yeah, no, I like, I just, people People didn't like me and then people got used to me, so, And now we're stuck with her. Yeah. And it's just gonna be like that with Kenzie like with me on the podcast too. Like, I was like, I was, she's Like, no one likes Kinzie, but they will. No, no, no, no. I did not like that. No. Like when I joined the podcast, people were like, oh, who's this new girl? And then, and then they were like, oh, it's Harper.

(53m 25s):
And then a few months went by and I was the favorite host on the podcast. According to the poll. Yeah. Soon Kenzie's gonna be the favorite host on the podcast. We're No, what's gonna happen is Kenzie's gonna like blow all of us outta the water and everyone's gonna like her more than all of us. She's gonna be a real famous singer probably. And we're I a singer, I guess We should make a song. Should Oklahoma Smoke show song? I'm honestly mad that you're not dripping in sweat right now. Me. I thought that sauna would just make you just like, I wanna see you dripping. I'll get out of it here in a minute and, and show you guys my sweat. But it's really not that bad. It's, I'm more moist. Turn that thing up. Is that turn up any higher, Kate? I I'm more moist than I am Hot if I'm being honest. She's all The way up crank. Like, what did you think before I winked at you?

(54m 5s):
What were you like? What, what? Like what was going through your mind? I was like, is this girl? No. 'cause he Didn't know Anything. You Winked at me or I didn't wink at you. But I was, I was, I was like, I didn't know. Oh, I thought you were just twitching. I thought you were twitching to you. I, I tried. I so Hard. But she was, I didn not know you winked at you. You need to practice some waking girl. I Actually thought you were like so nervous saying it, that that was just like a result of your nerves. Oh no. Like, yeah, I really don't like it anymore. Oh my God. No. But like, what were you thinking during it? Because I could see the anger belly on you. I wasn't mad at all on it. I was not mad. Really? I was more so just like Confused. I was confused. And also, Well, I wasn't confused. I was like, oh, yep, she's lost it. She's, she's absolutely lost her mind.

(54m 46s):
I was a little disappointed that like, I thought you hadn't like, felt the courage. I thought you felt like you couldn't tell us this. And it was like all of a sudden you just got the courage and you decided to, when I feel like, I don't know. No, I was hurt by that. And then I was like, well, maybe she feels like we're leaving her out, even though I was really trying not to leave anyone out. And I was like, well, maybe I just suck at that too. Nobody thinks I'm left out. I didn't think any of that. I just thought she's crazy. Nobody thinks I'm left out. Look at me. I'm the only one that sits all alone. Well, 'cause you fart All I'm, I allowed some. No one wants wants to Sit next to you. You genuinely smell. So it's like no one can sit that close to you. If I was In somebody position, she, I'm genuinely smelling nobody. Defend why We have a, a kings size bedside. I'm Josh. What do you think they've been mean to me?

(55m 27s):
The whole episode from the very beginning. That is Mantra. Matt, you literally have a couch dog. I'm sitting. Nobody Was mean to you the whole episode Except for his Bald body. Mad MA's being pick me right now. I know. He Was like, you both have been so to me. My life Is so hard. People. No, but like, if I was in like Maverick spot watching this little girl, like, I'd be so mean to this 25, 20 4-year-old. 25, 24. He's How old do you think he is? 20. Kenzie is 24, right? Yeah. Watching her be rude, like watching me be rude. Like, I would be like, what is wrong with her? Like, what has gone into her mind? Like No. Yeah. I thought you had absolutely lost it. But I was like, she's also 15. Like she just Says what She thinks. She's just like, she can unfortunately she's gonna get away with it for a few more years.

(56m 11s):
Exactly. I Can might throw hands. You kind of really got me there. But I'm very glad that that was fake because I just want us to all be friends and live happily ever after. Yes. I I wouldn't just say this on a podcast guy. I Would never do that. I swear I would never say it on the pod. No, I wouldn't ever say it. No. Off the pod is a different story. No, no. We cut the cameras. Harper's like, all right. Seriously. Kenzie's. Gotta go. Alright. Kenzie out. Oh, I forgot I made art. What? That I wanted to show everybody. Oh Yeah. Art. Art. What? I made a picture frame that's gonna sit right next to me here on set. And I watched, watched you do it. It's a picture of us.

(56m 51s):
I Swear I made that. And el oh LI swear I Made that exact same Thing in pre-K. And we're gonna, That's our Gremlin. And we're gonna leave my artwork right there. I We need take new photos so Kenzie can be there. I know we actually do, we're trying to schedule a photo shoot right now to get updated pictures by the time this is out. Hopefully we already have those, but we haven't ever like really we took these pictures, but like we won't, Hey, nobody cares. Why'd you knock my gremlin off? Oh my gosh. Here's your gremlin. Oh my gosh. What are you doing? What Harder? What is happening inside? That little box You Done? I missed. Oh, please don't pour that off. Okay. No, please. I can't. I can't really do anything about that. That Wait his Letter time.

(57m 41s):
Cold, hot. Save time. You wanna, oh, it's so uncomfortable. You wanna dump sweet tea on him? Nots not sweet. Not am I allowed? Yeah, I'm allowing with the floors ma. The floor. It's okay. No, no, it's okay. Open up cash. Open your mouth. I don, I We the, I Can believe she actually hour brain freeze.

(58m 21s):
Oh my gosh. Brain is not good. That's What you get for just not respecting my art Bro. You look like a mushroom that just came out the ground. There's ice in my parents. That's the funniest thing I've ever seen. Well, cash disrespected my artwork. So that's what he gets. Oh my gosh. My artwork is literally, and Once again, nobody feels that I'm left out. That really looks like a form of bullying Left out in the heat and the coat. Like it literally looks like, you know, like I'm so sad. Alright, well I'm gonna go take a shower. Thank you guys so much for watching Pizza Chaka.

(59m 6s):
Okay, so there's only room for one of us here, so let's play rock paper, scissors to see who goes. Oh, okay. Best let's do outta three. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Rock paper, scissor, shoot. Okay. Rock paper, scissor shoot. Rock paper, scissor shoot. What the heck? Alright, I guess we're both gone.