
Okay, Harper, what else do you got there? Follow me. Follow you. Oh, whoa, Harper easy. Yo, yo, yo. We're actually in a neighborhood. I don't know if you,


You know what's smart? Enjoying a fresh gourmet meal at home that you didn't have to cook. Meat factor your loophole in the laws of mealtime chef crafted meals delivered with a tap. Ready in just two minutes. You know what's even smarter? Treating yourself without cheating your goals factor is dietician approved. Chef prepared. And you plated. Pretty smart, huh? Refresh your routine and eat smart with factor. Learn more@factormeals.com.


Since you're new to h and r Block, we'll look at your returns from the last three years for any money your last guy might have missed for free. I could get money back from last year. You Could we'll find any mistakes. Could Have really used that two years ago when I dated that mistake for five months. Don't leave money on the table. Switch to h and r block and get a free second look review. Second look is included at no additional cost with the purchase of tax preparation. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply. If you have us file an amended return,


Know that or not. And this is where kicks play. Why are you accelerating so hard? Okay. No actually guys, I don't really want to be in the car right now. Hey, don't leave us here. Alright guys. Maverick really wants to show you guys his mullet out. No, we were just talking about it, but he's been looking for it for the past like five minutes and he still can't find it. Maybe He feels like he lowkey looks sexy with the mullet so he feels like no. Yeah, unfortunately. Good with the mullet. No, I ha, I know I have to get a haircut since Harper messed up my hair. Yeah, but we're trying to get to cut it 'cause right now, yeah, I kind of like it long. The direction he's going is Mulloy. Do You remember? It's fine if he didn't have to film, but Harper, you wanna see me with short hair first?


Wants To take his hat off. Oh. Oh my gosh. Wait, lemme see. Lemme see Throwbacks when Maverick permed his Hair. Lemme see. Lemme see. Permed. Oh, oh that's short hair. That's crazy. Blonde home over Hair. Yeah, he like permed his. I saved it. I'm going to relax. Hey, calm down buddy. You saved me to relax. Calm down. Look at it. You mask. Supposed to start the timer. I did. Is that's ma started tension off. I did start. The tension are hot. And then we had to restart the episode. Matt gets hyperfocused on one thing and he can't know anything else around him. Did the shop as the bullets gu thing? Yes. I love my mullet. Just like today, I love my mullet. Look, I will start the timer. Boom. But maybe since I have to do Maverick's job for him, put it up on the timer a little bit. Everybody just relax please.


No, this is just gonna be one of those days that we all get mad at each other. I Can just feel it in my toes. Nice music. I wish that I no stop singing. I always tell you guys this. No one, no, no one's singing. I think people Enjoy, I listen back that A lot coming from you Big boy. What? Big boy. Big boy. I back to the episodes and it's just random scene and I'm just like, what the, that I Can Shower this morning Dark. You know that song that's like, well I didn't have money for our Broadway show, but the guitar, you know that song. Really? Yeah. Cody Johnson. Really? No, No, no. He wasn't singing it though. I don he's singing that melody with completely different lyrics. He's making up itself. Well baby, I just can't get you off my mind.


And I really would rather just die. And like what in the shower? Say, first of all, Those aren't the lyrics at all. What Kate is trying to say is, I was singing different words to the song. Whatever song she says I was singing. So you don't do that. I was singing the melody of that song, but making up my own words and it made her mad. Man, let me tell you. Wait, what? I mean as she walks, you do that. I'm taking a shower. She walks in the bathroom. She goes, why are you doing that? I'm like, what? She's like, those aren't the words. Hey. I was like, I'm just vibing in the shower. I'm not kidding. Five minutes before this podcast, I'm in my room just changing shirts and I'm just singing. And Kenzie walks in there and she goes, why are you screaming? Why are you screaming right Now? Alex, you were screaming too.


This is my Invitation for Kate when Kate is in like a naggy mood. I go, na na na na na na. No. When she walks in the shower, she's like, I just look at her and I'm like, NA. I went, I I kept my mouth shut for, I'm not even joking. 15 minutes. And the thing is, is he kept repeating the same line over and over and over. Oh he is one of the, I Bet cash you were that little boy in the shower growing up who sang like all the ingredients on the shampoo bottle. I was that little boy in the shower that put a towel or his foot over the drain hole, poured a bunch of soap down there and let it fill up and then you could play in it. And I still do that To this day. Did didn't. Last week You put your foot over The drain hole, you didn't have a stopper. Like No, you put up, put over it and you watch the shower fill up until it's about to overflow and then you let it all go.


That Is a big waste of water. You want To make a whirlpool? Wait, Y'all don't do that? I'm sorry you never did that. I had A bathtub. I'm sorry. What? I'm sorry. Well, yo, you not, are you guys okay? See that's, see I know that's normal to you guys 'cause you grew up with that but Grew up with that. What do you mean a foot up? A shower. A shower? It was like a shower Without a bathtub. You mean a shower? What are you saying? You know like how I have Like combined one? Yeah. Oh, you're saying your shower is is a bathtub? Yeah. Well we turned ours to a bathtub with our foot. I've never heard. That's why I did it. If I would've had a bathtub, I wouldn't have had to clock it with my Foot. I have never heard of anyone doing that. Also, Kate wakes up this morning and speaking of it nagging about me singing in the shower.


Why is attack, which I had no clue why that even involved her. Why is that attack Kate day? Because You would just this morning and she wakes up like she sound like a chainsaw. She wakes up and all you guys know every ev all the audience. Everyone knows I do not want dogs. I don't like to take care of dogs. Oh, you love honey. That's a that's why I don't want one. That's a lie. No, that is not a lie. That is a lie. He Was looking up baby cocker spaniels to replace honey one day. And he wants a dog. Yeah, No, because he likes dogs. He, he walks in, he is like, honey, Honey, We're tiny. Oh, I like dogs. Like when I went to Harper's house and saw Estes, I'm like, oh, come here Es I mean that dog is like a rat dog. It's like, ah. But he doesn't really let you touch it, but yes it does. No, I try to touch Estes and it's like, it


it, today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that helps you take control of your money with simple tools and make it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you don't need a ton of time. You can create your Acorns account and start investing in just five minutes. You don't need to feel like financial wellness is impossible. Acorns gives you small, simple steps to get you and your money on track, ready to take control of your money. Sign up and join over 13 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash lool or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive ly for no Acorns tier one compensation provided. Invest involves risk. Acorns advisor lc and register best advisor do disclosures at Acorns


literally backs up like so fast away from you. He does like Scooby-Doo backwards. Like it's because She doesn't like, oh yeah, It moonwalk backwards while you're looking at it. Maybe it's you. She's just like looked you and was like, ah. But anyways, I like dogs like that. Like I Oh, go to someone's house. Oh, there's a little doggy. Okay, now I'm done. So You like my white dog? Yeah. Oh. But I don't like owning a dog. And I made it very clear to Kate before I bought her a dog. I don't want one. I do not wanna take care of a dog. I do not want it at all. Kate was like, if you get me a dog, you will never have to do anything. I will clean up after it, feed it, everything walking. You don't gotta do anything. Nothing, nothing, nothing. So I got her dog this morning. She lets the dog out, we wake up to and I'm like, what's going on?


And and Honey's just like tapping her cage, wanting out. And Kate's like, oh, she wants to use the bathroom. So Kate gets up to let her outside to use the bathroom and Kate's like, honey, No, no honey. No. No honey. No. She screams it so loud too. Kate. Kate gets so dramatic when she, when she's Dramatic, like Stella is about to eat Honey's food or something like you would swear Honey's Stella's about to eat Kate's pizza on the counter or something. Like it's No, no, no, no. Please. No, We happen. We all listen. It's, we're all just sitting there like no, like on our phones or something. And then all of a sudden you hear, honey, No honey. Oh my gosh honey. No. And it's like, what happened? And it's like she was licking the floor.


What? No, it's because it's because honey can't eat Stellas food. 'cause she freaking dies when she does and she gets fat. What do you mean fat? She She gets fat. She gets fat. She gets fat. Really? Several people Have told Kate that honey has gained some weight. And so now she's self conscious. Like people on the internet. No, my family, my family keeps telling me she's looking bigger. Like what do you mean she's lean bigger? Oh yeah. Yeah. But wait, I gotta get back to my story. Well, because I got I Kate Kate's yelling at Honey, right? And then she has to go clean up her pee because honey couldn't hold it from her cage to the door. So she peed all over the floor. Oh. And then Kate yelled, no, no, no, no. She could daughter like mother. No, she Could hold it. That's the thing is I was right behind her and I was about to open the door and she just pees on the floor.


I'm right there, the door's right there. She knows to Go outside but she still just peed on the floor And I'm still in bed and I just hear all this yelling going on honey. And I'm just like, guys doesn't bother me. 'cause Kate told me I will never have to clean up. And then Kate comes in there and she's like all mad. And I was like, that's why I don't like dogs. And that just made her more mad. I was like, that's why I don't like dogs. And she goes, well it's your fault. I was like, What do you all think you're full of talent? And she goes, yeah because you should have helped me clean it up. What the, oh and then do you wanna apologize Kate? No. Okay. Not really. Well Oh And she hasn't looked that go all morning? No, I just thought I'd air out our drama because even in the shower she was still mad at me because I didn't help her clean up Honey's pee when I wasn't even out there.


I don't care what you told. Is that why she was mad when she sat down? Probably. I was not mad when I sat down. Did you feel anger from her? I felt it in the aura for Sure. Shut up. Well Your aura was just very angry to Stop. To stop with the anger. I do you guys think you have talent because try to sing. No, we just said we're not singing. Said we're not singing it with you girls. It's a's y all ever do on this podcast. It's a fun game. I promise you. It's a fun game. It'll take two minutes, maybe even one. So basically, wow. Try to sing Twinkle, twinkle little star words to the national anthem. You Told us to do this once. No I Didn't. Yes you did. Are you sick? I need to hear the national. Okay, hold on. Wait, I hear goes flag.


Whoa. That's not how it starts. The It goes. I Can't wait. I can't think when you're talking like that. Dang bye Stars. But dude, Twiggle took a little start. So, so Wait, I'm sorry. Did you say that's not the national anthem? She said that's not where it starts. Yeah. Twe, it's, We're so done with New Year. New you this year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what?


We love that for you. Someone knows Will Too Be more you this year and find them. Mum Bumble, I Can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I Can get in more squats anywhere I Can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check Responses for accuracy.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


I Can do Sign A little star the wait, what's that other song? I don know you stand up and you're like I Pledge of Allegiance. Oh yeah, that one. That's a beggar too. That's a song. That's Just a pledge. What's that other song? I, there's there's two of them. I always forget that. That's a Poem C That's a poem. That's a song. It's a pledge actually. It's literally Pledge Allegiance to the flag. You not actually, it might not be its song that isn't really a vibe. It's a pledge. It's something like that. What's your Oklahoma State pledge? That's pretty culty of us. Just, I pledge allegiance to the flag. We stand up group. United, United States of America. No, we have to stand up in school every day and say it at 1136. No swear every day. You have to say it School at 1136. It was just like a kindergarten thing. No, in Texas.


You say the Texas Too? Yeah, in the middle. We always do it the first thing in the morning. No. Yeah, we do it in the middle of the middle of second period. We go, I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. And to the republic for which it stands. One nation under God won an invis, Liberty, justice all. And then we have to say in Briar Hill or, well, well am I, Can You say it again? Did you say it wrong? No. And in my middle school I, We had to say I honor the Texas one. No, we had to say I honor Briar Hill or something like that. What? And we had to say this whole pledge for Briar Hill, it's Like, ain't no way you catch me pledge into my school. I know None of us said it. We You mean like your, your school song? No, no. We had it like it started in eighth grade. We all had To say pledge to be a good student. Pretty much. Yeah. Basically. So we had to promise to be a good student.


What the heck? Wait, do y'all have a, do you have a school high school song? No, but we What? You guys had high school songs. Oh yeah, yeah. Marcus, I should people, I think Marcus Marauders. We are the best. Marcus Maron are above all the rest Red. Oh see yours is kind of upbeat, non weird. Marcus Marauders five. What is yours? Sad. It's kind of like slow and like what? Hell Livington high. Oh That is much more boring. That is, that sounds like a him in like an old old hundred year ago church. It gets better because Midway there's like go Wait what the Yeah, there's like screaming at it. It's A great song.


I'm saying, does anybody know what she just said? I feel Like mine is like a mixture. It just sounded like crush there Skull. I mean Ing Livingston High so hard right now. Wait, what did you say? Seriously School. We love What that is not Can you say that again? School we love. No, no, no. Like cross your school. We hold our L up and we say School. We love that. That's a down bad school song. Down bad. That is like bottom of the barrel. What was the, did Henrietta have one?


Henrietta Alex did we? I think so. You don't know. No. You don't know your school song. We used to, instead of be the Henrietta Knights, we were the Henrietta Hens, but we had to change It. Oh that is so embarrassing. Yeah, we had to change it. 'cause everywhere we went we just got egged. Yeah. And I'm Gonna be honest, we're changed It to the Henrietta Knights 'cause they kept getting Ours. Are Marcus. We do y'all know what a marauder is? Personal. Isn't that like a an evangel? A mercenary? No, it's a quite literal kidnapper from the eighties. Oh, I don't So they're not Really a kidnapper. The other type of kidnapper You trying to remember are on Ocean, Aren't they? No. I thought mine deep. You're like that person. They think they're a What?


Why is you Were talking about Mine is long too, too. It's just so deep in my brain. Because in a smaller town you have everyone in the town is the same mascot and they go to the same high school English. You learn it from like birth till, oh wait, prophet you graduate. No. A Marauder. It was something like that. You said that guy thinks he's a marauder. A martyr. A martyr. No, I didn't say that. Okay, ready? What's a martyr? Ready. A martyr is someone that dies for their faith. A marauder is a person or animal that goes from one place to another looking for people to kill or things to steal or destroy. Okay. That's crazy. So that's our mascot. A martyr. What? Marauder. At least you're the devils. We used to play this team that were the devils and since we were playing with girls, that is crazy.


We played the devil. Lets Oh, I found it. That's Kind of had to look up their school song. What the heck? I used to have to sing it every time too. And you forgot all of It. After. After every softball game we had to get on the bus and put on, you Had to sing it every time. You don't know it. Yeah, I forgot it. What the I'm not, I'm not guy or in my blood. Apparently. Do y'all not do It's after every single game. Like the sports team, whichever sport it is, they line up and then the fans all do it and you're like facing each other and like whatever you're, They might have, but I didn't. Oh, I found the, the Henrietta one too. Like two football games. I feel like. Wait, I got It. Oh. Win those five nine. Oh, what just happened to our camera guy? I don I don. I don't really know the melody of the song.


You just cocked up a lung. Nobody wants to recognize that. Please let that Audio be in the background. I Don't really know the melody, so I don't really know how to sing it. Anybody goes, what's the, oh, when those fighting nights all fall in line. What? That we're gonna win this game another time. We're gonna cheer our team and and yell and yell for the, was That the losing alma mater? Y'all didn't win enough. You had have a loser. One For the deer of HS will yell and yell and yell. And then we fight. We fight, we fight, we fight for every score. The black and gold on high forevermore. And those nights will win. This sounds so skate. For sure. Fight, fight, fight for dear OHHS.


I don't think that's it. Mine said go fight. Win win. Go fight win. Marcus. That's good. Yeah, that's nice and short. Wait, I, it was like we stuck our hand out the window and we had to wave our wildcat in the air on the bus when we pulled back into the school parking lot. That's definitely copyright. Okay. Wait, wait. I remember that. Well that can copyright. That's like the fight song. Why do I remember that song? Wait, is that every school? Wait, why does that sound like, oh wait, this ain't come. Come Martin. Wait, wait. I Think that's like every school has that guys. Are We not gonna talk about what happened to our cameraman? He caught the belong. Yeah, I said, I said, I literally said, oh, there's fighting nights.


He goes, that Sounds like literally it was a losing alma mater. 'cause y'all were like, what's it called? Well get them next time. He doesn't say that. Hey, guess what that, guess what Stella ate last night. Wait, we still gotta hear cake. Stop now. Just Stop. Why do you do this? You're like, let's bring up every single issue in our lives, lives underwear, and we'll say it to the world. Well, she ate Ken's underwear again, didn't she? Listen, so we're laying in bed. That's what my dog does, laying in bed. And I'm, Kenzie's got like some secret talent. Like she wakes, she doesn't wake up to anything, anything. But Stella just goes like, and And Kenzie instantly jumps up out of bed.


She's like, I I Resurrect from the death. I do not scream ever. No, she Doesn't say anything. I'm so like, crazy way. I'm imagining Kenzie just waking up and pretty much doesn't say anything when she jumps like that. And you're like, I do. I I definitely don't. I'm I go just like this. Oh. Oh, can you hold this? Thank you. Yes. I'm like this. And Stella goes, boop. And I go, No. What the hell? What the hell? Why do you run like a cyclops? Yeah. Why are you running like a robot? I'm babe. I'm happily asleep right now having great dreams. And then all of a sudden I wake up and she's freaking out. So it's like, oh no, what's going on? And then she's just grabs Stella and takes off running.


I'm like, is Stella coming? Tequila's off running? Does she grab Stella before she grabs you? Grabs Stella. I actually takes off running to the restroom and just chunks Stella into the bathtub. And I I just hear, what's Stella going? Onella gotta be fighting back at That. Like, no, Stella never fights back when she's about to throw up. She's like, oh, Kenzie's gonna come get me and take me to a safe spot where I'm in trouble. 'cause she gets in trouble if it's on the carpet. So she's just like, please, please take me to where I need to be. Please, please, Please. And so I'm lying there at this point I'm like sitting up, I'm like, what is happening again? Why is this happening again? And so the dog's thrown up in the bathtub and I'm like, what, what, what? And so I come back, I'm like, what did she eat?


No, but actually I didn't tell you this. You were frustrating me this morning. What do you mean? Because it was, it's Sounds like we had the exact same morning this morning. Our dogs are being minutes and it's our fault. What do you mean crazy that is your dog your situation? 'cause it was like 3:00 AM and I can't remember exactly what you were saying. Five 30. Oh, was it five 30? Yep. Oh, okay. Whenever. Anyways, it was early. It was an important piece of information. And I go into the bathroom with Stella and I'm trying to take care of her and you're like saying something to me through the doorway from the dark bedroom where you're asleep on the nice cozy bed. And you were like, did you coin that up? I can't believe she would do that. And you're like, you were like, you're like, oh, I'm sure she hates some underwear again, dinner.


She Kenzie and just talking bad about her. And I was like, shut up. Shut up. And so I didn't respond to you just Trashing. That's the same thing I did to Kate. I was like, yeah, Kate, that's why I don't want a dog. And I just laying in bed like, yeah, that's what I told you. And then I just, just ignore every single bit of what you were saying. So I assume that you just thought, I didn't hear you, but I heard every single word. And then I walk back into the bedroom and you're like, yeah, it was underwear, huh? And I'm like, Get back in bed. I had, I have a story. My, my mom, I forgot that she's on my photo dump and that's Not good. I don and I don't post bad things in my photo dump, but like being with the office, gender Wait's a photo.


Wait, what's a photo dump? It's like a photo dump. Like on your Snapchat. Like a Snapchat story where she just posts random pictures like Kate's saw my Kate And Kenzie are my photo dump in my private story. But like, oh not you guys. Anyways. Well basically, so my mom's what I voted it and just speaking with the opposite gender is just very awkward, you know? Yeah. What do, what do you mean? Like I just Get the angel eat special on McDonald's. Now let's break it down. My favorite barbecue sauce, American cheese, crispy bacon, pickles, onions, and a sesame seed bun. Of course. And don't forget the fries and drink. Sound good. Pepper. I participating in restaurants for a limited time.


This is an ad from BetterHelp Online therapy. We always hear about the red flags to avoid in relationships, but it's just as important to focus on the green flags if you're not quite sure what they look like. Therapy can help you identify those qualities so You can embody the green flag energy and find it in others. BetterHelp offers therapy a hundred percent online and signup only takes a few minutes. Visit BetterHelp dot com today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you are stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nelson report.


I can't do that. So she We're the opposite gender. Okay. Yeah. But my age and guys said I could possibly have a crush on. Yeah. And so I was like, mom, like she was like, she was like, who are these people? And I was like, my friends. She was like, what were you doing last night? I was like, mom, sir, nothing. Nothing Mom. And then and and yeah. I I relate to that when I was you girls. She told On yourself when I was like 14, 15 and I was hanging out with girls, I literally felt like I was being evil just for like hanging out With her. You were dude, I'm just their Friends like Yeah. It was like you're around 'em and it's just like you feel guilty. You're like, I'm not supposed to talk to these people. I'm not supposed to like you. Well, I don't, I I didn't like any of them. It's just like, it's just awkward. Like when your mom sees that And I didn't even tell her what like did I was the guy.


Oh 'cause You were hiding and you're kind of getting caught. Yeah, well not okay. You feel guilty? Yes. But also it's like, it's like and And stupid. 'cause you got caught. No, I didn't get caught 'cause she wouldn't care. Oh. But it's like, like when guys come over to my house, I like, I always like, like she's like keep door open. Like what do you think I'm gonna do? Like do you think I'm seriously like come on now. Come On now. I don't know. What if y'all try to color, color like coloring books or something? I don't know. What are they gonna do? Yeah. Well like What dude? Sometimes Mavs jokes make me wanna punch him. Man. What I mean like that was, that was just Well there's a second half to jump Right? I'm not say we decided this morning on the way to church that we're gonna build a jungle gym upstairs in our house.


Imagine as a kid you have monkey bars on your ceiling in your hallway. Oh my gosh. I would love that for me. Kids would love that. Don't make it for me. Yeah. I think monkey bars all over the house. Oh, over the House. Oh well. Well wait, wait. We compromised And we said upstairs over the upstairs. I don't care what happens upstairs. All Over the upstairs. I would've loved that as a kid. Dude, your kid would be shredded low key by the time he's like seven. He'd just be jacked from doing monkey bars. Hey Kate, can we hear your high school song now? Sure. What? This is such an off day guy. Your high school. Hey to the wee pledge. Our whatcha doing with Your hand Loyalty. What is the in our future? Brian Kidding. But we're family show shine water, you the black over we all the and all you.


What was the hand thing? Do You usually say at the end or you just outta breath? Okay. I feel like that'll Be a small thing. Your eyes. This was supposed to be I think the claw, but no, That's our wildcat. See it's a WC cheerleader. You're Definitely not doing that. You were like C crinkling. Fingers. Fingers Whack wild cat. That's what the guy cheerleaders doing the air on Instagram. They're like, yeah, that's actually pretty cool. Little Watch. Wait, why don't you guys do it? Go guy. Oh, Guyer. And Then We, we, oh for Marcus, I wanna do this like a little m What do y'all do? Nothing. Really. Y'all just wave your hands like this. Oh, If y'all are up there, just that'd look kind of weird.


We did like Not And I Don doing this. Go Marcus, come on. We got it Would look Really stupid. No, we would be like, oh wait, You, you don't have any sort of hand signal? No, no, nothing. I Don think most schools have a hand signal all the schools. I know that's kinda like a gang sign for your school. No, like Haley Haley's says this. Hey, hey, hey. I tell you why. I don't know. You'd have to ask her. Oh wait, they put their thumb out. Yeah. They were raiders. Hmm. Raiders? Yeah. How is this Raiders? I don't know. Ask Kay. I don. Well this isn't R in sign language. Oh That's probably why. And then like The flower mound, they're jags. So when the cheerleaders go there, they're like, go Jags. Put their heads back. That's crazy Dude.


High school just make me so mad. It's so crazy. It's like a whole different life. High school and college. It's crazy. New university Go rock at where College makes me mad too. I'm sorry. Being a full grown adult and having a curfew. Ugh. I mean wait, there's A, all colleges have Yeah, No, no. A lot of, no. A lot of 'em have curfews. A lot of them. Yeah. A curfew for your dorm. Lot of college. So you're not allowed to like leave after a certain time. Like ain't no way you catch me being like 24 years old and being like oh gotta be back by 10:00 PM because my Co says so you find ways around it's Well Also a lot of times the curfews and stuff are only for like freshmen. Yeah. Like once you're past your first year then You can like kind of do what you want. You live Party, go party party. Like A college. No, no.


Once being cash at 18 we were gone. Just nothing makes me more mad in life. Like if I had to go through high school, I'd just be so mad. Nothing makes me more mad. Like he's very allergic to authority. This sort of authority figure. An adult. There's some like 70, 60-year-old lady tell me what to do. Like teachers are not, Teachers are not typically 60 and 70. I'm sorry. Having to sit there and be like, can I use the bathroom? Yeah, that's, I mean what is it a prison because prison grade in high school with a lot alike. Well they have to do that so bad because kids will just take advantage. Advantage. One of my friends' high schools was designed by the same guy that designed the prison. Yeah. Does that make sense? Exactly. Know somebody like when I'm sitting in class, they're like, sorry you can't go to the restroom.


Somebody else is in there right now. Like can we please I am about to pee my pants. Wait, wait, wait. Only one person can be in your restroom. It's It's, it's to keep the whole class from just going crazy and everyone's just, I gotta go to the restroom and just go. Oh They can go there and talk and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's just so annoying. Like what? That's paying no way to when I was in freaking elementary school and they were like, you gotta be quiet at lunchtime. What? I'm sorry. Wait, we'd be, yeah, we'd be at the cafeteria. We in trouble. No, no trouble. They just didn't like if everyone talked, you just can't be loud at lunchtime. That's Have a, alright, since everybody's being loud and no talking at lunch, no kids need and we'd be sitting there. Everyone's just at lunch. Just so the only time you go like talk that's and the entire like eight hour day was like your 30 minute recess.


We had a sound meter on the wall in our cafeteria in elementary school and in intermediate school, which is like fourth and fifth grade. And so if like the decibel hit a certain thing, then the meter would turn red and then you had to be quiet. See I could Just smack whoever put meter around. But it was just, But that, I think that's a good thing 'cause it keeps kids from like, ah, They're kids man I school should be a ball abolished man. Dude, if I ever, If I ever adopt a kid, I'm literally gonna quiet. I don What you mean that I do mean it? It should be abolished. You mean a kids be quiet for eight hours a day and then putting a sound meter on them? They're not quiet for eight hours a day. You Think kids just don't shouldn't go to school. Yeah, they should go to school for like two to three hours. They should Go to school on the weekends and we should have the weeklys to ourself.


This Is kind of valid. They should go to school for like two to three hours. I learn what they need to learn. They don't Let them go. Listen, listen, listen. I'm sorry my podcast so so crazy guys. No I'm not. I'm not saying that school should be abolished but Ka and I it should be Demolished. I'll a petition Cash. And I were talking the other day that the reason kids have to go sit a freaking a six, seven yearold has to go sit in class for eight hours a day is because it is a form of childcare for parents. It's Quite literally child labor. No, it's Like every child care. If we were, if we were to homeschool our kids, we are not gonna put our kids at a desk and make them sit there for eight hours a day. Wait, I gotta defend the teacher Is child labor. No it's not.


Have to Everyone Shut your mouth. Listen. Play football. It's Not the Teacher's fault. They sell tickets today. I Don't think the teacher and have to put our faults teacher's fault at all. I Think it's the American education system's fault. What? Why can Thank you. Did you see I learned to raise my hand growing up. Take my turn. No, but like if you only have 10 teachers to 500 students, you have 50 kids in class, you have to have Rules. You do have to have Rules. You have to have those rules. And also what would take you maybe 10 minutes to learn? Now you're teaching it to 50 kids. You can can't, it does take a while. It might take you an hour and a half. So where an like homeschool kid might only need three hours a day for school. If you're in school you probably need like seven or eight hours just 'cause there's so many kids.


There's 20 Kids in your class. Guys. I think after like a while for strong, I'm a big believer in abolish high school after eighth grade you don't need to go to school. Yeah, that's true. It's useless. I do think you should apply yourself up until the eighth grade because if I would've done that, I think I would've learned how to read and spell better. But after the eighth grade, it's completely useless if you applied yourself to up to Eighth grade. Yeah. It's just not True. Okay guys, it's completely useless. Like if school wasn't a thing, we would have no common sense. So let's, for 30 seconds, let's act like we have no common sense and just like wait, talk. No, you wouldn't. You don't get common sense from school. You can. Okay. No that's of you get like the opposite. You get like, oh Wait, let's say that we'd never had books interaction with a person for 30 seconds. We do, we do think Ksh and I were also saying that the school system kind of like babies, like babies kids up until they're 18.


So that when they're 18 then they have to go to college and now they have curfews because they've been babied their whole life and they're just now getting out on their own. I'm So they have to have some restrictions on online. I'm 14. You should be like 15. You should be like working full. Well that's just today's society in 15, 16, you should have your, not that 16, especially 16. You should be able to, you should be working full time. Not in I wanna work somewhere. Here's the problem with everything that you're saying right now. Please enlighten me. Is there is like a bunch of 13, 14-year-old kids watching this. No, I have mixed feelings About it. And they're literally like, you know what? I'm ditching school tomorrow. I'm dropping out. Hey Jake. Paul inspired me to do it and it worked out. Shout out Jake Paul. No, Not everyone's built that way. No, I have people need structure in Their life to learn to No, the average person like does Yeah.


Have to have like authority over them and stuff like that. And I think that 13 year olds do because of today's society. You're thinking back to a hundred years ago when a 10-year-old boy is working full time and he's getting paid quarters a day Day. That was the good old days. Yeah, That's what he associates with it. He's like years ago there were 10 year olds, they were out doing newspaper runs. Hustle, hustle in and shining shoes. And they were working full time and they weren't in school. But that was a hundred years ago. That's not today's society. So doesn't work. I wanted to Be today that 10 year olds that they play Fortnite all day and then and watch us And they watch our podcast All Day. Yeah. Watch us. Our podcast. Like We a bunch of brain routers. I don Dunno. I mean, I mean like, okay, but actually guys can we act for, I like for 15 seconds. Like we have no common sense and this is our first interaction with a a person.


I don't know what you mean. What do you mean no common Sense Act like, like social cues. Yeah. What what do you want say act like a monkey. Like we know words. No, like we know. All


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and at invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/spotify.


My dad works in B two B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B two B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash results to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be, to be


Like we know like we know words, but it's like this is our first ever interaction with a person. You'd probably try to kill 'em. That's what most people do when they well like, like how Would you know? Well haven't you seen the uncontacted tribes that get contacted? Yeah. They literally just shoot 'em with bows and arrows. They're just like, yeah, I Can Away From my Oh yeah. That one tribe that's on that beach North Sentinel. That's crazy. North Sentinel Island. North Sinal Island. Yeah. We should go there for a pause. North. I We would like you guys to be the first cast on our podcast. Imagine guys. Would we get shot? Probably Not. Yeah. Killed with a bow and arrow. Yeah. Dead boy. They're pretty accurate too. Anytime a helicopter or a drone or a boat or anything tries to come close, they're just shooting arrows at it.


I saw this one guy, he was, he was like Christian and he wanted to go on like a mission trip there by himself and like convert them and that's Extremely dangerous. I saw that. I saw that too. And They and they extremely shot him. Yeah, they did Extremely shot him. They did like 20 arrows to the chest. Chest, Yeah. So bad. Why would he wait? It's on video or No, but like the story, he was like, he was like filming it. He was like, all right guys, I'm almost there. Like I, hopefully this works. I'm gonna kind of go there. So he walked up to the beach and he was like, Hey guys. And he was like, Yeah, unfortunately that's just not smart because he wanted to like minister to them. But nobody knows their language and his own diseases will probably kill them because they're not, you're right. Yeah. They're not used to any of the germs that we have.


They have something on them too. Those, So like all the stuff that we just have immunities built up to, you're gonna carry it over there and then they're, isn't it crazy? They speak a language that no one else in the world knows. Isn't it crazy is they, don't dunno what YouTube is or they don't know what Anything is. It's one of the only left uncontacted tribes. There's not many. Oh, all they've seen that The outside world is like playing boats. Did just find, we did just find another one in the Amazon. Really? We found one one. And they're like, and they're all like this tall. I'm not kidding. Heck yeah. They're all this tall. That's My type of tribe. Speaking of People that are only that tall, remember the dwarf that wrestled you at the show? I do. I do. So hey pop, pop up a thing of that man that was cool. It's Super Bowl Sunday and I was thinking for fun, we should have him and one of his buddies come over and we, they should wrestle in Chiefs and Eagles costumes and then whoever wins then that will be our prediction for the Super Bowl.


For the podcast. I I don't think he lives around here. Yeah, he Lives in New York. In New York. But that would be like a But that was a good idea. That would, on the podcast, imagine they're just wrestling. That would be a good gender reveal if you have one in pink and one in blue and they know who has to win and then they find out. You Never seen those. That's a thing. I didn't know that either. It's a big thing. It was a good idea. I thought I, I thought I had a new business Opportunity. New business. Like, like a, a wife and a husband. Like that's a wrestler. Do Thatall should get, wait, y'all should get the grandpas. So James and then your dad and they'll dressed up like babies. That's funny. That's Hilarious. And they wrestle each other That I would love to see Scott and our dad wrestle. What Are you doing Harper?


Yes. Look at Cash's chair. A cookie. He's acting like he's riding a bowl. I got cookies downstairs. Yeah, We, we actually, I bought that cookie. I went to Home Goods. Home Goods has this collection Of chairs, max And Kenzie And I went and there was a Chinese takeout box. There was a watermelon, there was a Strawberry. Hey, don't give it away. Don't give it away. No, you're giving away the future chairs, man. You gotta watch to find out. You gotta subscribe. Make sure to subscribe to our podcast because we're trying to hit 3 million subscribers. So that be Huge. And most of you guys aren't Subscribed. I'm sorry. Why aren't we there? Oh wait, wait, wait. Are we at 2 million? We're at like 2.4. 2.5. Okay. We're 2.5. So we need you guys to subscribe to help us reach 3 million subscribers. Oh, also we're almost at 4 million on cash and Mav we're like, we're almost At 5 million on Harper.


Zelmer Close. Maybe close. But we should see who can Wait. We should do a thing. Who can get more? Who We should do that? We should Do. Oh, podcast versus Harper. We're at the same subscriber. I think I'm a little lower. But what Are you at? Let's see. Wait, LO Podcast or Cash and Mav Lo podcast. Let's do cash And Mav, we have a bigger head Start there. I feel more comfortable with that Competition. No. No. Okay. That is just unfair. Let me, let me see. Wait, let, let, let's see what accounts have the closest subscribers? See how many do you have? Y'all tell y'all tell us us in the comments if you care. Actually that cash changes his chair every episode. Oh my gosh. Maverick. You can shut your pothole and go back to school for all I care. It's just really, really, really big inconvenience to change it every time. He thinks I should just keep this chair forever.


I think it's aesthetically pleasing. What? I like the cookie Dude, the whole point is to switch my chair every time. Well maybe we can keep The cookie. That's the whole podcast. Alright, Y'all have 2.2 0.4. Okay. Wait, can the cookie be my end table? That's a good idea. It would be very helpful to Coffee's that flat. But you can try it. That's Flat. So y'all have 2.5 or this has 2.5? I have 2.4. So once this comes out, I, I know what we should do. We should do a thing of what channel can hit 5000001st. That means Let's shock everyone. Make it Excluding five Exuding cash. Here we go. So we got Fluffy, the unicorn Kai and Tie. I don know why those guys are connected to our channels. Harper, Zimmer, Kate Marie, Malvin.


Kenzie Catching Kate. I love all clips. I all reacts. I love music. I love a club. Okay, I'm sorry. Nobody's gonna, I love podcast Kenzie and m Well That's a lot of channels. That is a Lot. A lot of channels for a lot of girls. I'll tell you right now, cash Map is hitting 5 million in probably a month. Cash Map is gonna hit 10 million subscribers by the end of the year. You think we just dropped a video that got like 60,000 subscribers? Nope. Close. It's like 40 but it's a lot. I built a Taylor Swift in my house. Oh that has a lot of hate. Taylor Swift. Yeah. That has a lot of views. That's content. Okay. You know what I'm gonna prove all of y'all wrong. I'd love to see that. I'm gonna lose all my subscribers. What?


Okay, first one to zero. I don't think I don, I was joking. I don subscribe to us. We'd be job. Listen, I have to go back to school. Excuse And cash will kill because You can go back to school. One episode. The one episode. Can we all get red wigs and become Harper? Yes. Let's do it. That'd be so funny. When I was little, like four years old, I really, really, really loved Ariel from The Little Mermaid. And I really wanted to be her. I love her Rapunzel. And when I was little I had like bleach blonde, like almost white curly hair. And I dyed it red and my mom bawled her eyes out. Oh my God. You dyed it red without asking her. Yeah. And how old were you? Like four. My grand, my grandma helped me. Oh, how did you mom do that?


Well, I asked my grandma to do it and she was like, okay. And then my mom came to pick me up and she was like, why you did that? And I was like, how pretty I I'm well, did it look good? I would imagine four old, she's like red hair. It's like partially shaven or something. She's like, I'm so pretty. Look at me. Wow. Yeah, the red hair. Hey, I had my hair blue once, but I was like nine and my first skillet concert, all my friends just called me Blueberry. Yeah, That's a horrible nickname. You dyed your whole head. Not just like streaks. You took A blueberry that had been through like the washing machine. It was like washed out. Did you do it With actual hair dye?


Huh? Did you do it with actual hair dye? Oh Yeah. Bleached my hair and everything. It was like four Months. I, I did that thing one time. I think I was like I ko 13 or 14. I did it with Kool-Aid in the summertime. My mom let me Same dy in my hair. Yeah dude. But it didn't work on my red hair. Really? Yeah. I wouldn't imagine it would. No. But I always wanted, I so bad Harper. I'm gonna dye my hair red. I'll be like a Kool-Aid man. I literally had it in the Kool-Aid for like two hours just sitting here on the calendar watching TV or Arthur. I loved Arthur and like my hair was like, I remember distinct memory and it was just in there and then when I took it out it was so red. What Was, wait, wait, wait. What was Arthur? Were they bears? No, it's an ant eater. He's An ant eater.


I thought Arthur was a mouse. Wait, what are y'all talking about? Arthur? The Show is an ant eater. WW Lemme pull. Not a mouse. Try to keep Up. Oh, I am feeling FOMO right now. I have no clue what Arthur even is. Are you Kidding me? He's an an eater. I don't know what he Is. Arthur's an ant eater, I promise you. And then WD is his sister or dw? This is Arthur. What animal do you think this is? Oh, This guy. Yeah, I've seen this show. He is my favorite show ever. Arthur. So You remember Arthur DW sister? What Type of of an Animal is that? And she's an, I thought he was a mouse but apparently he's an ant eater. Yeah. No. Who would've known he was an ant eater? An anthropomorphic. Aardvark. Oh he's aardvark. Okay. Same thing. What's an aardvark? Doesn't say aardvark. Like you know what that is? I do know what that is.


Fuck is an aardvark. Aardvark. Remember Aardvark? He's ant eater that lives in Australia. Jake, Jake Aardvark. Jake Baard bark. Yeah. Jake. Oh Jake Paul on Bizarre bark. Jake Paul was on it. Yeah. And then he got like kicked off with you. Also, I would like to give a PSA don't drop outta school kids. Unless You're Jake Paul. Unless you're super cool and you're too cool for school. No, Literally don't drop out then America Society doesn't let you drop. This Is an hard bark. He doesn't look anything like that. Lemme, He doesn't like anything. Where's like his long nose? Oh well in the first and the, if you look up the first Arthur ever, he has a long nose. A big, long nose. And then they were like, that's not a feeling. They changed. They're like, that doesn't look great.


Yeah, that was him. Oh. Oh, oh Gosh. Did you guys sees terrifying. You guys would kill if you, have y'all seen this? The, the version of Shrek, the first one that they put out. See that's an odd phrase. You used what you guys would kill if you've seen the first version Ofk, you would kill Toce. Like if I saw the first version of Shrek, I'd just be out there killing people. Well you'd wanna kill Shrek Freak. Yeah man. Just Ire. I'm very hungry. Hey you cookies. You just see someone murdering somebody. That guy saw Shrek. What should I order people? What should I order? Wait, Order. Are you online shopping cake? I am, but I gotta eat now. I didn't eat this morning. I had Yogurt. Wait, no, you're ordering a test animation for Shrek in 1996. Look at this.


You guys cash? What are we watching here? The test animation for Shrek. This is like the trailer. Oh my. Wait, can we put that? Yeah, I saw that. Wait, I wanna see it. I've never seen it. Av can we put that on the screen or now? Yeah, we can It. My teacher's not, What am I watching? Oh my God. Oh he, Oh That's no wait, what is it? Wanna see it This like, well Mavs not sharing with the class guys. Here we go. Here we go. Just head on pause. That is crazy looking. Oh my gosh. I know Shrek is crazy. Looking like weird. That was a crazy version of Shrek. I'll send it to Alex. I mean that is like to see that is like a nightmare.


If I was a kid I'd be like, no, not Shrek. Oh, that's terrifying. Yeah. That is very scary looking. I thought Shrek was kind of gross Ogary before. I thought he was pretty ogary, but after I saw that it Was, now that is an ogre. This is like a weird Shrek. Yeah, That's like scary thing. Ik could Grab this. The Shrek I know is like, he's like cool. You know I Love Shrek. You guys think I could grab this chair and just throw it through the hole behind me, please. No, wait. Without looking Like hike, Like a football. Don't do it. Yes. I really, really, really, really, really wanna that be. No, You can do this. Alright, Here we go. I want that cookie as my desk. And in three, oh God, wait, can I get Aloo? No, no. Pre. I'm so scared. Shatter Green.


19. Here we go. Was really stupid. Feel like stupid. Stupid. Stupid. I feel like the foundation of our house was like shaking. Daddy did not make it. Okay. I know what the problem was. There was no height. No height. Yeah. Yeah. You need to try that again. Staying heavy. Is it really? Face? I'm have to look for this. It Looks hollow face. Oh My gosh. Cash. Well, wow. Well That's tragic. That was unfortunate. Anybody else wanna take your turn? Yes. No, no, no.


That's so bad. It wouldn't beam there. There wouldn. Wooden beam is like what? Shade. Okay. The wooden Beam is sha. Say Hi green. Where is it? Come? Green. What? Saying? You for sure broke the cookie. I mean, what in the world was that? That was horrible. Not the cookie. I was trying to really push it through. It did not. I don't think it fits. I'll be honest. I heard something crap. And I don't dunno if it was the cookie or our house. I don't think it fits through the hole. Oh, thank you. Cash. What does it even fit? Yeah. Kate, can you help me here?


Well, I, I think we should have tried that first. You know what? To see if it actually even fits. Yeah. It fits through the hole. No, it doesn't. See how stupid are we? It is impossible to me unless you throw it really hard. Yeah, Right. Yeah. Parker, what are you doing? What do you mean clinging and clinging over there? Cl I mean, this is the definition of a freshman. Wait, what's it called? Soft. A ju. I didn't go to school. I Got a ring. Sophomore. What's the year when you get your car? Sophomore. Sophomore. I a ring On. This is the definition of a sophomore. That's my ring. That's pretty. I like your nails. Oh, cool. Ring. They are pretty. Thank you.


Hey Harper. What else do you got there? Okay, well that's annoying. Excuse me. Are y wondering what this says? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What's that? That you have in your head? Oh, it's, it's not a ring. It's, it's, It's Read it. Oh, It Says ooh, It Says bravo. Oh, it's a bravo. Bravo, bravo. Yeah. There we go. Here We go. Can I see the key real quick? Which Key? Oh wait, no, she's about to do it. What are you doing That, what is it? Are you, are you threatening us? Let me see this. Let me see this. Let me see this. What is it?


It is a funny fucking try to throw that through the hole without looking three. Oh no. Oh, trust me. No. Did it go through? No. That Was crazy. To throw her brand new keys. Keys? Yeah. Keys. Oh, they're keys. Yeah. For us. I Didn't say that. I saw you flipping around. I was like, no, that's not, do you know what first? I was like, what is that? Is that like a sponge? Peppermint? Wasn't sure. I didn't know. I thought it was a remote for like the tv. No, no. Do you know what it's for? A bravo. A key. I mean, do you want Me to show You what it's for? Maybe a storage unit. Like do you want me to show you what it's for It? Oh, I'd love to see what it's for. Does RC car? No. What? A little tiny Harper sized car. Follow Me fo follow me.


Follow you, follow where, where does this follow the leader? Yes. I am the leader. Okay. No, you're not. No, no. We're not following anyone. Well, I wanna follow. She's going somewhere. I'll follow. No. Okay, she's leaving. Alright. I guess we're, I guess we're going, I Guess gonna go girls. Alright guys, we're officially mobile. We got the camera off the tripod. We're heading downstairs right now. Hey. Hey. Take my shoes. I Only hit my Toes. No. Hey, somehow I moving my shoes. What? I mean, I don't really know, man. But I mean, you moved. I didn't touch that. Marick moved my shoes a couple days ago to get on on my skin. Skin. You know what? He's doing it again. You know what? It's really, you Made his shoes right there. Oh, I filing embarra. See someone? No, someone threw them over here.


I would not just take my shoes. No. Yesterday, actually, yesterday when I got home, I looked at those shoes and I said, why are his shoes there? And not in the mud room. Yeah. It was probably Honey or Stella. No. Blaming the dog is crazy. Nowhere near your shoe. Blaming the dog is crazy. Actually no cash. Cash thinks he's so main character and that the dogs are gonna come steal his shoe. It's raining. It's not raining. Tacos. Oh, tacos. Oh my gosh. Harper, is that your new car? Oh, sorry. No. Oh, Whoa. No it's not. Oh, whoa. Harper got a new car. I did not know this information. We totally have not seen it. Not once. This is the big car reveal sha I Hey, be careful, Harper.


I'll Whoa, whoa. Harper easy. Yo, yo. Whoa. We're actually in a neighborhood. I don't know if you know that or not. And this is where kicks play. Let's just pull over. You didn't Bring your seatbelt on. Oh. Oh, There's another car. It's beeping at me. Harper, do not freak out. It's just an Amazon delivery driver. Please don, I won't out I Amazon delivery. Man. I'd hate for you to hit someone in your brand new Bronco. That would be a horrible way to start this. Why are you, you accelerating so hard, please. Okay. No, actually, guys, actually, like, I don't really want to be in the car right now. I, We Please. I'm a good driver. Trust no. Harper. Harper. Yes. Be so Stop, stop accelerating like that. Okay. I'm not gonna lie. Just kind of get it. Stomp on this thing. Let's see how fast we can get going, baby. Hey, come get this thing up in Here.


Don't encourage that. Wait first. Lemme see if there's any kids. 'cause I'm a good driver. Oh yeah. Harper, This is terrifying. Hey. Hey. Why? What? What do you mean you do kids? The whoa, it gets it. Stop. Wow. Okay. Okay. What do you mean? See if there's any kids? Are you looking for a child to hit? No. Hey, let's see this thing. She's Trying not hit Children. Let's see how fast it goes. Zero to 60, zero. No cash. Zero to 60. Don't encourage that. See where over 60. That's what matters In the neighborhood. Turn right. Turn right. All right. Yes. Turn right. We're getting demonetized for this. Why are we going? Right? Who's ready? Oh wait, sorry. We're gonna have to wait for this car. Okay. Wait, wait. Hold on. Don't move. I need to set the camera down and I need You have to keep going straight. I need to buckle up.


Wait, don't move. The camera will fall. Okay. No, we're gonna have you keep going straight to the Stop. Your, your car's already broken there. Go to, we're gonna have you go to the Construction safety first. Hey, what's that book down there? Oh, what did I just say? She not listen to what I said. Okay. Oops. Just go straight Straight. Okay. Hopefully you don't get a nail on your tire. Oh, I Oh oh. Don't go straight. Turn left. What? Well, I was gonna take her to the empty road. Empty road. No, don't go left. But there might be nails. That's a cul-de-sac. It's fine. I have an extra tire on the back. This is actually my first time ever being in the car with Harper driving. Yeah. And it is scary, man. What's really scary is seeing how far forward her, see she has, her legs are so tiny.


She's like right up on the freaking wheel. Her knees are hitting the front so she can reach the pedals. Look at how close. Well Wait. Do you want me to turn? We won't go to the next. Her knees are so close to the front of the car. Turn here to the Yeah, if I, if I get in a crash, I'm paralyzed. But what the what the my, my feet are so close to the car. I'm the same way. Yeah, exactly. Guys, look at my knees in this Face. Alright, keep and gas if you want. Nice feet here. Oh, wait, wait. We got a wide open road ahead of us car. Except for that car. Well, except for this guy right here. So we get Harper behind the wheel two inches from the front. Hey, you guys are literally getting, got a lot of room back there. Yeah. Y'all are literally watching our first time riding with Harper. And you're basically getting to be here. Yeah.


Hey, I don't know how to work at camera. How does focus work? Do you want me To film while I drive? No, we don't. Don't. Are you sure? All right guys, I hope I'm filming everything. Good. 3, 2, 1, Go. Oh my gosh. It actually is Going pretty fast. Relax. Oh. Oh. This is the neighborhood road. Okay. Slow down, slow down, slow down. Slow down. I like that noise. I Know. Safe. That noise is kind of hype after driving a Tesla. I never hear that. Real. I Love, yeah. I drive a Tesla. Don't worry. I'll get, I'll go. You don't cash. You drive a 2012 Chevy Cruze. Yeah. Why are, why are you telling people you drive a Tesla? Well, I, I want Tesla. Hey, you wanna, you wanna park right here and we can get a little walk around?


Okay. Yeah, sure. Show Us the whip. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's get a walk around. Let me, this is a crazy spot to do a car. Oh, Why did Park? Hey, at good. Let's do walk Around also. Who the heck was sitting in this chair? Like, seriously. Not me. There's no room here. I feel like I'm in a drawer car. Alright. Can I drive your brand new or Bronco? Yeah. I, I'll take this. I, I got No, I got it. Listen, Try not to step in the red clay so you don don't get it in her car. I'm just, I'm better with a camera. Oh no. Trust me. I'm good. I'm good. No, you're just, everything's gonna be outta focus. Let me just hold on. Yeah. See, everything's gonna be messed up. No three. Hold on guys. I'm learning how to work a camera. It's cold and my hair's getting Wet. Okay, hold on. Hold on, Hold on. Alright, lemme go.


Give you step run around. Wait. No, we are time for a quick run around. I gotta learn how to work this. Hold on. Can you just give it to me? Maverick, nobody can see you right now. You're outta focus. And why now? Gimme this camera. Gimme, gimme juice On. I'll figure it out. Okay, Here we go. Cash. Get Off the Dirt. You're all all standing in the mud on purpose. No, I was not standing in the mud on purpose. Kate. That's just called dirt. That's the outside world. Here we go. Now's fixed. We got our heart. Okay, now that it's fixed, can I see you back? No, I got an Issue. Hey. Hey. Your car talking yo. Sure. Car is kind of awesome. I don have You can A quick walk around. Ready? Did you name it yet? Shaha sha Shaha. Okay. Basically here's my car.


This is a trunk. That's a nice trunk. Can you fit cash in it? Hey, if your trunk can fit me in it, then that means your junk got a lot in its trunk. You know. Ow. Oh wait, look at this little compartment here. Oh yeah. Anybody know you got a car, Jack? I've never seen that actually. So we're gonna do A See how much of a car people you guys are. Does anybody know what this is? Yes. Me. Sfa, what is it? Cash Doesn't know. That's why he is asking You. No, I know exactly what this is. And we'll see if anybody's answers are correct. Do you know what it is? Kenzie? What do you think it Is? I know exactly what it is. What do you think it is? Oh no, I know exactly what it is. What do you think it is? It's a funnel. Bingo. That's what I was gonna say. For when you have to urinate in the car, you just turn around.


What? And you just pee like this. That's not appropriate. That's not what it's for. Okay. Put the sch. Now where does it go? Out the window? You just hold it out the window and you pee. Okay. Grab give, put that back in there. Okay. Yeah. We'll need to sanitize this once it's used. Hey. Hey. There's your jack. You can change your tire for the first time. No. Okay. Ready is to Harper. If you get a flat tire by yourself, you're so quick. Harper, are these seat covers? No. What is this? Let's Just see. Alright, we're gonna see how well you guys know cars. What is this a Bag? Yeah. I'm sitting in the car. Wow. I mean, I don't really know what this is. You said three of me back here And that's pretty Baby. Oh wow.


You got a 12 volt back here. That's nice. What's that? I mean, she can take the roof off this girl. I Can. And summer I'm taking the roof off. He's cold. I'm cold. Hi Harvey. Lets go Locker room. Okay. Yeah. Guys. Hey, did you hear me? Oh, whoa. What is that? It has a gas tank. Hey, that's so cold. Oh, whoa. It's tired. That's sick. That's so cold. Oh, sorry. I'm, I don't mean to steal your thunder. Oh wait, come on. 13. 13. Oh, She broke her window. She literally, she literally just almost shattered her window. She had it right here. And close that. He was about to shatter it. Dude, you were about to freaking obliterate this.


I'm Sorry. I'm sorry. I messed up sometimes. Okay. All right. Back in the car. No, no, no. Wait minute. I wanna see the headlights. My, My car Is this from the show At her banks? Is this the car from the show? Yes. I bought the show one. You bought the One off the TV show. Hey, you're about to run over a cup. Alright, That's, that's mine. My dad's cup is really, this is my car. Yeah, it is my car. Oh, nice car. Let's get back. Okay, thanks. Oh, too cold. Too cold. Hey, hey Pop the hood. Let me check the engine. I'll make sure we're good to go. Okay, hurry. Let's leave him. Hurry. Hurry. He's never, he's never checked the engine.


Engine. I'm gonna check the engine. Okay. Well yeah. Alright. I'm just gonna check the engine. Make sure we're good to go up in here. All alright. Pop it. No. Gotcha. Okay. No. Pop the hood. Lift the hood out of the car. Oh. Oh, oh, they're leaving us. You know, it's crazy. I know people, psych people out by like trying to hit 'em with a car. But I do not trust Harper at all. No. Okay. Hey, it's really cold outside. Hey, don't leave us here. That's pretty messed up. I'm not walking home. That isn't far walking. It's cold. Alright, let's get walking. We need that funnel. We gonna have to start fending for ourselves. I don be honest. I don't think I coming back. Look man, Steve trees. What? What are the system?


We could use those to make a shelter. She said Minecraft. You can't throw that in a crafting table. Yes You can. I know exactly how to make a shelter. We're gonna need to get a lot of brush and put it over this brush and then there'll be a cave inside there. Look what? Plenty of room in here. Oh yeah. It looks like a very warm place. All right. I'm walking home. Bob. It's a lot warmer inside the brush. No, I'll see you later. I'm walking home. Don't worry. I'll be here making my shelter. Okay. You have fun in your shelter. We kind of cut the camera for a little bit because we got cold and we had a fin for our survival. Yeah. The girls never came back. It's really, really cold out here. And they never came back. And we don't have our phones, so I really did think they were just gonna leave us for a minute.


But they, they, they didn't come back. I thought they were gonna turn around and it's freezing out. Here's like, and we're in a construction zone. Yeah. And so there's no one around. Yeah. And it's like slightly raining, like misting. But we're fine. Yeah. We're really fine. We'll keep, we'll keep traveling on young companions. Yeah. Something companions. Young compan. Young companions. No, that's not them. There's not Oh no, it's them. It's them. I see them on the horizon. Cash. That's just a bird. Oh, we gotta keep walking. Alright guys, well hey, make sure to subscribe, subscribe.