
I pulled into the corner of bakery and then I bumped a car. You hit another car? Yes. On your first day of driving. Yes. Not. And you freaking out. Yes, because the next thing that happened was I pull out of the shops and I go into the oncoming traffic lane where the cops are coming in. And yesterday at like five, my mom gives a text on Facebook saying, your daughter crushed into my car. I need your insurance. Like immediately. We're gonna be dissecting frogs today and Kate's gonna be dissecting it. You have some? What are you doing, Kate? He keeps moving. Welcome back to another episode guys. Today we're gonna be talking about a very serious topic. Very serious. Is what? This is a topic that people avoid in school, teacher, students and all.


What, what? This is a topic that is very uncomfortable Puberty. He, he, He dissecting frogs. Oh. That is what we're gonna be doing today. Are you kidding me? I'm a vegetarian And Kate's gonna be dissecting it. Do you have gum In your mouth? No, it's, it's Actually, are you ready? Oh, are you ready to dissect the frog? Sure. Frog inside This hat. My hat. That's, That's the only way we could catch it. We caught it very quickly. Alright. The frog is already dead, so no need there. You just have to dissect it. Why Would y'all do that? Isn In the snow hat. Yeah. Inside the hat. Dude. That's literally what? Who the beauty sent? No, there's a frog in there. There is? Okay.


I bet it's a mouse. What you doing? Go grab the hat. What are you doing? Kate? Kate? What's in it? He's a frog. Frog. What are you talking? It's a dead frog. It can't hurt you no more. Oh, he keeps moving. I Can see It. He's not moving. He's little. He's only like this bitch. Lemme see him. Come on Kate. Yeah, there's, there's no frog. What's in it? Hey, can I have my hat babe? There's no frog. I was, look at More the dissecting. It's my hat. No, it's not. It's mine. It was in my PR box. Ma, I don't think you should say that's your hat. That's, that would be, that'd be bad. I stole the hat. Well, Now that they're done trying to scare me because they like making me cry because they know that every time I cry, you got you cly. Every time I cry you guys click on it. So they try to make me cry every episode.


Now I think that on it actually, I think that actually is a good topic. Everybody coming down below. If we should actually dissect a frog. What? Oh, one time I dissected a quail, which is a type of bird. And what you dissected A Quail. I don't think we need the definition of it. Of Bird in grade science class. We were dissecting quails and my quail had a full tummy when it died. Oh. So We like cut into it and it stomach literally exploded. It was so bad. Exploded. Dissect it like literally like shot food out of us. Aw. I had to dissect and we were the only group there was like, What you dissected a cat, a kid. Oh my gosh. That happened to us. That's crazy. That's how dissected a dog. Usually science teachers have like baby pigs. Cats or dogs or frogs.


Cats. I'll Tell you that I, That's Like literally dissecting someone's puppy. I'll Tell you what, dissecting, I almost dissected someone's cat this morning. What? I was driving and the cat ran across the road. If it weren't for my quick reflexes while driving, that cat Would, that's not dissection. That's mutilation. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. We got some. Okay. What did you just do? He just spilled it everywhere. It's so weird. What a fatty. What The Like every 10 minutes, Dude, I can't believe that y'all got storage units. I know. That's so Cool. Storage units. You mean shelving we're Big time. I Just unfortunately no more tv. Yeah, our TV used to be there and that's where I played video games. And I came up here today. I came up here today and some people were cleaning it out and I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa.


What's going on here? They were like, Kate told us to move everything. So there goes my gaming setup just like that. I don't think you'll understand the joy I had when I saw no more tv. Because that means they don't get to play video games Right outside my bedroom door anymore. I Can go to sleep. Waffle. Yeah, that's it. I'm taking y'all's books away. Dude. Let me tell you something. That's fine. I have a phone for books. Last night I was so tired. I went to bed at eight. Wow. Ooh, that's Crazy. Pass My bedtime. That sounds so exciting. Why did I just do that? Okay, well what'd you do this weekend? Wait. Yeah. Why were you so tired? You had to go to bed at eight? Well, no, I had a sleepover at a hotel. Oh. And we stayed up watching movies and Barbie. And that's movies. You had a sleepover at a hotel and you watched movie. Stayed up watching movies. Well we, so we, we went to Southlake.


So Lame. That's what you do. You know what we do? Hotels. You're supposed to like get rowdy, make noise complaints, go to the ho Stink into the, well there's a fan next door. You can sneak into the pool. There's what after hours there, There's a fan next door. So I didn't wanna be too loud. So it was me and two other friends and we stayed in South Lake and we literally just, so we shopped and then we, we were gonna go to dinner, but then we realized we weren't too hungry and so we just took photos. And then Is this story in good? Yeah. And then, and then we just went back to the hotel and then my mom ate dinner with my dad and then she helped us set up the Netflix and Yeah, I went shopping this weekend too. I got a Wow. That was a cool story.


Hi guys. Morning. No, I was trying to show you guys my shirt. I got a new shirt this weekend. Born to Yap. I thought it'd be great for the podcast. See Yap. Born to Yap. Yeah, Kate. Real original. Real original. What? What those real original. She knows I have that shirt. What? Yeah. You know that. Don't I tell you didn't know that. She knows I have that shirt and she bought it. No, because she liked it too. Okay. I came home with it and she was like, yeah, look at this. I saw you wearing it. Yeah. How you like that? Wow. What? Why you like that? Wow. Yeah. Real original. Who pulls it off better? What sizes That in? Honestly, you pull it off. Great. Put an extra small. What do you mean You fatty?


Oh man. All right, come on Kate. Stand up. Who pulls it out better? Ready? Okay. All right. I mean the hairy belly button is something. Okay. I shoulda shave. I admit it. Couples that match together stay together. Oh Yeah. Real original guys. That's extreme me. So, you know, you'd think Id feel self-conscious in this, but I feel kind of jacked. You know what I'm saying? Do I jack in this? No. You look like something. You look like a gift. No, don't say what? Like fight P. Wait, you actually, I bought this first. I mean, no, I bought it first. Know I bought it first. I bought it first.


I bought, that's crazy because I bought it first. What? Oh no. Oh wow. We're the original map. Real original. What do you mean? You knew I had this shirt. Yours is extra crop too. Look at that. It's too small. I Can see your nipple through it. You can hop up Uhuh. No, and that's why I had no kidding. No, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, you knew it. You see dad's nipple, right? Yeah. You can see yours too. Really? Yeah, You can. Oh, I should have got some pastes. You still Embarrassed now? I should. Yeah I do. I should have got some nipple pasties. Ridiculous. Oh, Kate, you got some pasties I Can use? No, I'm not loading those here. Here how I you Wait, did you copy my underwear too? What? Oh my gosh. You got the born to Yap underwear. Born to Yap underwear.


Oh my gosh. Dude, I got the same thing. I didn't, It says it right on the back of the butt. Just born to, yeah. I did not get that. So I'm born to not get that. Y'all are on your own for That one. Oh, you didn't get that? No, dude, they, they only make 'em with thongs too. No underwear. No boxers. So. Oh. Oh my God. Well mine a thong. This chair's very unstable. I think you chose that one. So that's what I'm rocking right now. Huh? You Need to pull your shirt down. Yeah, you, You're literally modest. Yeah. Come on man. Stop Being in modest. Modest is hottest. Ladies, Speaking of inm


modesty. Time flies but it's never too late to build credit. Especially with kickoff. It's the number one credit building app on the app store and it starts at just $5 a month. No credit check, no interest, and absolutely no hidden fees. You get a credit line that's specifically made to build credit, not just for shopping, not for spending. Just smart, safe progress on time. Payments are reported to all three major credit bureaus and get this users with credit under 600 have seen jumps around 28 points in just the first month. And the best part, You can start with just $1. Seriously. Building credit can happen faster than you expect with kickoff. Don't wait and get your first month for just a dollar@getkickoff.com slash lool pod. That's kickoff without the C. Get 80% off@gtkkf.com slash lol. Pod must sign up via get kickoff.com/lol. Pod to activate. Offer. Offer applies to new customers first month only. Subject to approval Offer subject to change terms and conditions may apply. Point stat based on Equifax Vantage score 3.0 changes for kickoff users starting under 600, who made their first on-time payment between January 21 and March, 2024. Payment and credit activity outside kickoff can't have an impact on your credit. Individual results may vary


and we're back because apparently you can't talk about crop talks. Yeah, cash said something he can't say and then said the exact same thing. Yeah, that Cash said. Yeah. Well let me just tell y'all, I was literally posting this weekend and my friends posting what? My friends were taking photos of me and they're like, oh dang, those abs look Good. That's why I got a crop top. Okay. Yeah, but I need to show off my ass. Clearly don't believe that I have them. So I Those apps in your post? No, those are fake. You drew 'em, I swear on everything. No. What kind of AI did you do For that? On everything. What? What do you, okay, actually, do you think that I drew those on? Actually no. I think if anything you made me like threw one of those like, and those like edit fittings or it's like you type in give me apps it like, No I didn't.


I swear Chad. GBTI promise on everything. Like on on everything. Like okay, I'm not gonna, what Does GBT stand for? Global GBT chat. Gibe. What does GBT you would know. Mav, what does it stand for? Don't know. Yes, you do. Good phone talk. That's just, that's just like the website. Yeah. Chat G. Good. GPT. Why are you calling it gp? Is it B or P? P Chat. GPT. Not chat gt. Okay, but do, do y'all think the post is a little inappropriate now that I'm looking at


it? This episode is brought to you by Universal Pictures. Today's the day from Universal Pictures in Blumhouse come a storm of terror from the director of the shallows. The woman in the yard don't let her in. Where does she come from? What does she want? When will she leave the woman in the yard? In theaters Now


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options, available. Taxes and fees, extra C full terms@mintmobile.com.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What price they have? My favorite brand. It's like a whole new Burlington. Ah, I give I two. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington.


I told you so I can't Well, we all weren't gonna say. I know, but these do. These look drawn on. We can talk, we'll talk, we Can talk about, I mean I don't exactly post my abs all over Instagram, although I should. Nobody takes his shirt off in the gym to look At. Yeah, someone someone takes. Okay.


Real talk. If you don't have a website for your brand, your business, or even your dog, what are you doing? ODU is hands down the easiest and fastest way to build a real website that looks good and actually works. And here's the best part, it's a hundred percent free. No credit card, no hidden fees. You get unlimited hosting, full support and a custom domain name free for your first year. That's everything. Most platforms charge you hundreds for completely covered. You don't need to know how to code. It's just drag and drop and everything is super intuitive. You can literally have a full side up in a few hours. And if you hate writing like me, ODU has chat GPT built right in to generate your text, tweak the tone or just reword it entirely with one click. It's like having a writing assistant right there on the screen. You'll go from, I don't have a site to whoa, check out my site in one afternoon. Whether you're running a business, a side hustle or just wanna look legit, this is the move. It's simple, it's smart, and most importantly it's free. Go to oo.com and start building right now. Du is fast, simple and free. And actually good Start. Pick right now.


Yeah, someone make this an Instagram post. We don't, we definitely don't post it on Instagram but we're, wait, I probably shouldn't do that. Oh, that is Manly. Yeah, I think so. Him. Oh yeah. Not gonna do that. Yeah. I can't believe you'd put yourself on the internet like that. That's crazy. Me. Can You put your shirt back on please? I think we'll wear these. The rest of, I don't think I'm going to, yeah. Yeah. It's so uncomfortable. Do you ever? Yeah, they are tight. You can, it's like it hurts everything. Why do girls wear this tiny clothes? Like my armpits are going through it. No one, no one of y'all get sweat stains so easily. Well Feel Kate's got room in hers. Yeah, well yeah. What size is is yours though? Mine. This one is a medium. What size is mine?


Extra small. Huh? It's Extra large. No it's not. No it's not. There's no Mav you'll be honest. Yeah, No It says, It says small. Wait. Lemme See it. Lemme see it. Lemme see it. Oh no. Wait. Why is mine? Yours is a medium. Oh well you probably picked up mine on accident this morning. No. Okay. I think, I think I bought the medium. Okay, well, all right, next up we have, we're gonna be trying crop top pants. I don think those are called short. Do you show too? My sister asked. They're next up. We're gonna be trying on shorts. So sorry. Well my sister asked And if you're mad at Harper js, My sister asked me the same thing.


If I draw on abs, I self tanned. What do You mean draw all ab Could You like tan the, the lighter your, The lines? No, I just tan my whole stomach. Oh. And then it always tends to give me Abs. So yeah, I will say self tan does. That's why bodybuilders do it because self tan, it brings out the, what's it called? Yeah, no I don't cont Don't worry about people. Yeah. Bodybuilders. Oddly enough, bodybuilders and cheerleaders have the same effect on the stage. They are just yellow. Okay. Yeah. But that's embarrassing because I don't want people, I don't want people to think that I draw on abs 'cause that's just highly embarrassing. Nobody edits their stomach or their photos. So just, well some people do. I know, but I don't want y'all to think that I do, so I promise I don't. That's okay. No one believes you. You know what A crazy picture would be? What is, if cash got on Maverick's shoulders and I got on Cash's shoulders while we're all three wearing the same shirt, Why would mad be the bottom?


I figured mad was strong enough to hold us. What? What's that? Like 30 pounds heavier than him. So you, not only do you think I'm weaker than him, you also think he's stronger enough to hold 30 extra pounds than I Can hold. Man, I wouldn't take it personal. Well I am taking it very personal. I say we have a strength contact. Well I did just take like day. You're wearing a crop top. Yeah. Type down dude. So are you? Yeah. Well I can't wait till I show you my crop shorts. You already used that joke. Crop pants sounds cooler when you say it like that. Okay, I sorry, I cannot get off this topic. I could just see you look at you're going to No, I could just, you get on my Instagram post and be like, oh my gosh.


Look at Harper's post. She thinks, she's like, dude, she's so embarrassing. What? No. Oh. So you think we bully you behind your back Harper? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We do Guys, I'm sorry. I literally, I Gosh, did you fart? Dang it. No I didn't. Kay. I didn't fart. Okay. Just every time you smell something bad, You can't just, I, I act Say What's that? Accused. Accused? Yeah. You can't just accuse me. Oh my gosh. Man's had a stroke. I Don. Yeah. And what's wrong with that? And Okay, you know what, Kenzie fine. Deserve deserve. No, stop. Wait, hold on. That one was a fan. Oh wait, hold on. It's coming. Just do it even funnier in a crop talk. Ready?


Ew. There it was. I don dunno if y'all heard that one on camera. It it was silent but it was deadly. Wait, I cringe. Don't don't archive don't Do annoying. I archived It. What are you doing? I'm embarrassed. It looks like I actually drew them on. I think you're really embarrassed if you actually did. Yeah. You know, I, on everything. I didn't think you drew your abs on until you're archiving. Oh, We were kidding. When we fucked up. She's like, they caught me. No, no, no. On everything. I didn't, if cash posted a photo and I was like, it looks like you drew on your abs. He'd be like, really? It's a compliment. It look that good. It's a compliment. Actually I posted a, a workout progress picture. Like posted It? Yeah. What, what's wrong with that kid? I Can Just see you in the gym.


It's called, it's called, it's called Motivation. Trying to motivate people to get in the gym. Okay. If you get a gym maybe one day You can look like this. Wait, it's even worse. You asked a photographer to help You obvi. Okay. Obviously I'd have Kate take the picture. I can't just take a picture by myself. And you know what the person in the gym told me The, the gym owner was like, oh you did This in public. It was that is that our Gym? And the gym owner was like, Hey man, you gotta put your shirt back on. I was like, what type of a gym is this a public gym body jamming me for taking my shirt off? No, it's a public gym. And you have to keep Your clothes on When you're in public spaces. Yeah. Well, well they don't have a gym. Should have a section for progress photos then.


Okay. Perhaps the bathroom. The bathroom. No, their bathroom's like, it's like a truck stop bathroom. You can't take a progress photo in there. Well You chose the wrong gym. You're telling me you don't have progress photos. Kenzie Not in public and they're in my eyes only That means she didn't make very much progress. Whatcha doing? Man Map. Just stripping. Okay. Yeah, no one saw anything. Okay. Don't use my angle. Did you archive at Harper? Yes. That's so embarrassing. Oh We were, we were literally kidding. No, 'cause my, it is a little inappropriate. My stomach is Kind of all out. Yeah, It was, It's like me posting it. It's like me posting in a swimsuit and I don't do that. So we Should probably delete this episode. Delete the archive. It maybe, you know what's, no, it doesn't look like you have ab Dude, I'm not gonna lie.


Taking that shirt off felt so good. Really? It was, it was not feeling, it's really, it was tight. I feel like it's making me uns swollen. Yeah. It's gonna like shrink, shrink my muscles. I mean no, you know, definitely strengthening your Deep sticks you eat every night are swelling your body out. Oh, guess what? You beef jerky sticks every night. Yeah. Okay. So honey has figured that out. And now every night she comes to me for beef jerky sticks and I'm like, oh, here's your beef jerky stick. And we eat beef jerky sticks together. Yeah. I tell 'em not to. How does she eat it? With no front teeth. She Makes it Work for Well no, no, no. She eat, she likes the wrapper. I eat the beef. She likes to lick the wrapper. IIII eat the beef out of it and then I give her the wrapper and she goes, you give it to her? No. Yeah. You know. No you don't. He throws this trash on the floor.


Hey, what you genius? Yes I do. And Then she comes and she snatches it from him. Yeah. So she chews on it. 'cause she likes the taste of like the beef juice that's left or whatever. So, so I just leave it behind for her because I, well you know what happened to us last night? Mav had this great idea. He was like, we should switch sides to the bed tonight. And I was like, why? Wait, Wait. Why Don Dunno. Well I said why? And actually I do know 'cause he told me why I peed on that side. He was like me, we should probably switch sides. Ridiculous. That'd be a good thing to, I'm just imagining Kate, if you said that she'd lose it.


She's like, why is it we over here? I'm just like, oh, that's just my sweat. Oh my God. Don't mind that. Alright. Sorry. Kenzie. Were what Were you saying? But the real reason is because I don't, I don't really understand his saying here, but he was like, I'll sleep on this side and this side of my body is just tired of sleeping on that side and I really need to sleep on this side. So I have to be on that side of the bed to be able to sleep on this side of my body. What? I don't know. What Do you mean? What? When you roll over, you gotta be on the other side of the bed. Well, I wanna face Kenzie. I don't wanna face wall the wall. Don't try to make it. Don't try to make it off car. Me don't face the wall. What? No. If anything, when you, when you're sleeping, you face the outside of the bed. Yeah. No, no. Not when you have a wife as beautiful as mine. You face, you face, you face her.


Well I feel bad that I was about to destroy you then. Yeah, go ahead. Well anyways, so we're on opposite side of the bed and Stella sleeps on my side of the bed. Not in the bed but like on her little bed. On the floor. Yeah. And so if anything ever happens, like throwing up, 'cause that happens at least once a month, I Can just stand up and pick her up and take her to the bathroom. Well she goes and I'm like, I can't get around the bed and then just throw up all over my black carpet. Last night. Yes. The one night y'all switched. The one night we switched. She's just like, blah everywhere. And I'll be honest, dang it, I heard her starting to like, and I was like, I'm not dealing with that. What?


That was not in the contract of what comes with this side of the bed. You didn't at least like I woke Kenzie up. I was like, Hey, you're talking. You should do something. Aw. Wow. That's crazy. I Can, I don't do dog throw up. You Wouldn't have had touched the Throw up at all. You just pick her up and put her in the bathroom. So she throws up on the tile. That's a risk. What if she throws up on carrying her? You know? Oh gosh. Well cash got, it's okay. Cash got mad at honey the other night because she sleeps in her crate because, well, we moved her in here. You know, I couldn't trust her to not just pee on the floor. So she's In here still can't trust her. Untrustworthy dog. Yeah. Yeah. Well this, this story says otherwise,


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop. Pay boost conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that by designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate. And they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


Okay. I don dunno what store you're saying her name. So she, well she was in her crate and when she wants out of her crate, she doesn't do this very often. Like she's only done it like three, maybe four times. She, since we've had her. But she like bangs on the crate and she's like, and it only happens when Stella's outside and she knows it. That was a Crazy sound that just came Outta me. That that's what she makes. That's what she does. She Sounds like a donkey. It is. It's when that bladder's really calling. No, No, it's when Stella's outside. But anyways, like two nights ago she started doing that in the middle of the night and I didn't hear it somehow and Cash did. So he was all mad that he had to like get up and let honey out. He was like stupid. I'm waking up in the middle of the night. And then she went outside and peed and he is like, oh, get your honey. Get your honey with potty Outside.


No, you said that. No, I How literally would you say, you know how that, you know how it's all made up? No, she was asleep. She's literally just making this all up. You were asleep or you went to Honey outside? No, you told me about it the next morning. Also your dog. You guys wanna know what else honey does? Uhoh listen, last night she has a crate in the living room and a crate in the bedroom. And I have to move her from the bed, the living room crate to the bedroom crate to go to bed. Who, why does she have a bedtime crate in a normal crate? I don't know. Well she wanted To be with Stella so I, and I was like, I need to go take a shower. But you know, sometimes the dogs are too much And attended. Yeah. Backstory. Whatever. Listen. Anyway, so I'm kidding her outta the crate. And I take her into the hallway to go to our bedroom and we have a TV sitting on the ground. 'cause we were in the middle of moving it and she, and we just shocked.


She's scared of a TV that is, that is turned off by the way. It's just a TV sitting in the hallway. She's going to bed, she sees the tv. She was like, Nope. And she runs the other way and goes hides in the crate. And I was like, what? And Kate was like, oh yeah, she's scared the tv, she's not gonna come in here. I was like, what? And so I get her out of the cr, I grab her and I set her by the TV and she was like, and runs away. I'm like, are you kidding me? What type of a dog is scared of an item? And then I wonder If you get on the ground and mimic her Run. No I won't. It's like sc sc though. Are you sure? And then I, I had to go grab her and carry her, pass the TV and she was just eyeballing it. Like, I was like, what happened with you in a tv?


It's just a TV like this sitting on the ground. She's terrified of it. Yeah. Yeah. We need to move that because I can't get the dog in the bedroom right now. What's the, the biggest dog you think You can take in a fight? Rot. A rotweiler rot. Yeah. What's the biggest animal you think You can take in a fight? He is thinking Kenzie. Whoa. What? Wow. Un funny. Who, why would he say that? No one Laughed. Did Matt tell you what my answer was? No I Didn't. That's Crazy. What was her answer? You? No way. Yes. Nah. Yeah. That's actually crazy. He said, what's the biggest animal You can take on? I was like, mm. Probably cash. Probably Cash. That's actually crazy.


I always debate in my head. I was like, which one of them do I say? I figured well I sleep with one of 'em so probably shouldn't insult that one. Never do that one. That's not good. But that one be good tonight. I'd sleep on the other, the wet side of the bed. Yeah. Don't always sleep over there. Harper. Are you Okay? Yeah. What's so Harper? What's the biggest animal? You can, we forgive you. We forgive you for driving The biggest animal. I could take an elephant. You think You can take an elephant and fight? No gen. Genuinely. Maybe like a with your bare hands. Yorkie. No. Do York could be scary. I'm terrified of video York. If you're underestimating yourself with a Yorkie. Oh, I genuinely a chihuahua. 'cause they're kind of mean. No, that's easy. That's Small too, y'all okay? Y'all laugh at her. You wanna know what's funny. If honey was, if honey was mad and she was doing this, ain't no one touching her.


You I Can beat her though. No, I Can. If honey was coming at you mad, like, just like I Can kick her in one kid, you would be scared. She doesn't do that. So you think she's kind. But when you see those canines and they're like her, she has gums. I'm gonna look up a mean, what's she called? Cock span. Cocker span. I'm gonna look up a, an angry cocker spaniel. And you'll see that you don't want anywhere in that part of honey Doesn't have teeth to hurt you. She Only has a couple of side teeth. Angry cocker spaniel. She's missing all her front Teeth. It's like cats. You just have to grab 'em by the back of the neck and they can't like turn their head because you're in charge of their head now. Oh, They're also happy looking. They are. They're all fine dogs.


You can definitely take one of those. And, and the animal's like angry. Like it is trying to kill you. Yeah. It's not like a like a, Any dog can lowkey Any dog. Any Dog can get mean. Oh wait, the animal's trying to kill you. Yeah. It's not like, like a kind animal. Yeah. Oh, I take, I take back what I said then You can't kill cash. Not If he's like trying to kill me. If he's just like, no, no, no. Drink my yogurt then I Can kill him. Really? Yeah. How would you kill him? I could just put something in his yogurt. Oh, good idea. You could Poison or you could just kill him by kill the rat. Asking him the question, then giving him the animal and then he'd try to go kill the animal. That is true. Why could do that?


Apparently cocker spaniels don't get very angry. Like, I mean like this is the angriest I Can find. Yeah, he's just kind of like moving. That's not a cocker spaniel. That is. It is. It looks like a cocker span. Spani mixed with like a golden retriever. Yeah, I did. I did Deep dives on Cocker Spaniels Kate. Oh my gosh. Did you guys see, what's that girl's name? Oh my gosh. I'll find it. Hold. Did you guys see, you know that TikTok trend? That TikTok trend that's like, what's the one you filmed in the airport? Kenzie. Oh, the smiling One? Yes. Did you guys see the one with the dog? No. Yes. Oh wait. Oh yeah I saw a one. Why does everybody so see that one? And the dog was like actually doing the faces. Yeah, the golden retriever. This one.


Wait, we're gonna get copywriting. Yeah, yeah. I'll turn down. Look, look. Watch. Ready, Minute and smile. Why you everybody so mysterious. Acting so mysterious. Okay, Well that's, I'm sorry. Did you see that mysterious faas? How do you get your dog to go? I think kids, the dog did the smolder. I think Kenzie can teach Stella to do that. Honestly. I feel I Can. I think You can Stella to do It. No, lemme really steal. You need to try to get Stella to do it. I don dunno if Stella will do it anymore, but used to. How do you get a dog to do that? Stella? He goes, he goes, this smore was great. Stella's like My good, like my jawline like Stuck her teeth. And I'd be like, Stella, fix your face. You looks stupid. And she'd be like, No Stella, you can talk to.


I'll be like, you idiot, why would you do that? Get outta my face. And then she'll just be like, okay, walk away. Stella. I swear does, know what I'm saying? Sometimes she Knows English. I Was playing the other day, she was at the trash. Can I go Stella? No. And she's looking at me and the trash can's right here. And she just went. I was like, I know you're behind her still. No. Yesterday I was playing with her and it was just, it was just me, her and honey. And I was like playing with her and you know, honey doesn't really, you know, she tries to play but she can't. Yeah. But I was like, Stella, bang, bang. And Stella was like, I was like bang, bang. And she was like, and I pushed her over and then she laid down until I said Resurrect. Yeah. She's like, I Moody. Stella's dramatic with the bang, bang trick. I go bang bang. And she always takes like a minute to die.


She's like, she's like, sometimes she does like the whole movie scene. I've been shot and then she finally falls to the ground. I'm like, what? My sister has a husky. And that is the most dramatic dog breed ever. First of all, they can talk. Remember when you or she shaved it and it Got embarrassed? Yes. Wait, did I tell you that? Yeah. Oh my gosh. This dog is, yeah, she, I don't remember that she shaves her dog. Which I don't know if you're supposed to do that. She does it 'cause she feels bad for it in the Summer. Wait, Husky. Yeah. Like where you see his little like his skin? Yes. Yes. So what Like, it's so small. Like remember when Alex shaved his head that Was like, that's, oh poor dogs gotta be embarrassed. He Is. No, no. She gets embarrassed as soon as JC does it.


'cause she looks kitty and JC just leaves her tail and the dog like walks around with tail. Justin the tail is criminal. Like peek around the corner and then run to the next room. He just sits there all day long. It's so sad. Oh, that's sad. But anyways, this dog is so dramatic and JC wasn't paying attention to it one day. And so after it's like five o'clock at night, we're sitting down for dinner. Okay. And the dog walks up to JC and is like walking up with a limp. It's like, ugh, I have to show you. It's literally like, Like Dragging. Its back leg crazy. The the dog? Yes, the dog. And so JC freaks out, she's like, oh my gosh. Like are you okay? Like it is like sitting there like petting it and while the dog's like laying there and JCI's like trying to like do whatever it is that you're supposed to do with a broken leg dog.


The dog is like twitching its leg. It's like, and crying all at the same time. And so jace's like something is really wrong. Like I didn't take her to the vet. Her leg is broken or something. And like after five minutes of sitting there and like calling the vet and just like taking care of her, the dog stands up and just walks away. What It Faked it. It was like, I haven't had enough attention today. That's crazy. Sanity crying while you're doing it is real extra. No, Stella does that. Especially like Stella. I'll be like, get outta the trash. And once she's in the trash, she's committed and she knows she's already in trouble. So she just continues. So you're like, get outta the trash. And she's like, I gotta hurry. Yeah, she does that when Matt does it because Matt yells at her, he's like, get outta the trash. And she's like, he's coming.


I gotta hurry. I gotta eat as much as I Can. Stella Is so devious with honey though because literally like Stella digs in the trash, but she doesn't care for anything in the trash. She only wants Food. She's like just digging. So she pulls the trash out until she finds something good. But Honey's just excited that there's stuff on the ground now. She still isn't really. So she drops it, It honey just takes, and it's not even food. It's like something like this. And Stella drops it out and honey's like gimme that and runs away with it. What is One the other day little girl mad, like started chasing honey and honey was like scurrying off with trash in her mouth. 'cause she knew Matt was coming for her. She said No, my trash freaking Harper. What? Why are you sad? I'm not. You Were kidding about your, oh my gosh. Your ab were, I believe you.


Your abs are real. You feel Better, your skin looks really good today. Oh thanks. Thank you. No, I swear I'm not sad. I, because my, my sister said the same thing. She was like, did you draw on those abs? And I was like, oh my gosh. So then I showed her in the car. Oh. And then she was like, oh well okay. And then my mom asked if I'm not eating and I was like, no I am. You're not eating while having a cinnamon in my mouth. So. Or cinnamon bun. Oh. Oh. Well I feel bad that you're sad. So do you want your birthday gift? No, I'm not sad. I'll take it if she doesn't want it. No, I'm not sad. Okay. Do you Wish your birthday gift? Okay, well you're not sad so you're happy. But do you want your birthday gift? Yeah, Sure. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for my birthday. Okay. But I would say the, it was a little inappropriate to post.


Oh this is bull. Remember no one gave me a birthday gift. Oh, thank you So much. And this is like all put together with a bow and everything. Wow. Oh my God. That is why this is from All of us Harper. Oh my gosh. Stop. This is like a little karaoke. What You Got a Karaoke mic? Excuse me? It's for her car. Just for my car thing. Yeah. I was gonna buy one. Really? For my car. 'cause we were singing and had so much fun. Yeah. Y'all are so cheap. You didn't even charge it for her. Oh. Like you didn't even have to get batteries. It charges. Oh my gosh. Let's see this. Well this Looks like there's a lot of stuff in there. More than I've ever got. Yeah. Well you're not Harper. Oh my gosh. Just smartphone car mount. It's the one that What one? You literally have the same one.


Yeah. It's, Oh my God. It's good for filming videos in your car. Oh my gosh. Thank you so much. Yeah. So you got the idea from me. Basically. That's from me. Okay. It's from, it's from you. It's from all of us. Oh, this is so He doesn't even know it's, I knew that was from me. That's true. We thought that would be funny. Where do Y'all get it from? Bronco. It was the only Bronco shirt we could find. We wanted to find a cuter One. This is our size. We Wanted to find a cuter one. But if you don't like it, that's Fine. Oh my gosh. No, I love it. Wanna try on? No, no. Yeah, I tried on, lemme see that. Oh, don't try it on. You're gonna Stretch out. Stretch cash. You'll stretch it out. What is This? You're fine. Don't let them call you fat. Don't let them fat sha you right now. You're gonna stretch my Shirt out. Don't shame him. Oh, what is This?


I identify as when You get pulled over and and your mom will tell you what to put in there. I love it. It's pink and pretty and I love it. She's, she's like, oh, speeding. Here you go. Here it has your it. It'll have your registration and title or like stuff in it that you need for when you get pulled over. Okay. Cash. So maybe the fat shaming was necessary because I'm afraid you're gonna rip the shirt. No, I'm doing it so slowly and gentle that it's not ripping. Yeah, I might have to put that through the Wash. It's gonna get stuck on your shoulder blades. Oh my gosh. Oh wow. This is so nice guys. That's insane. Bronco. Thank you. Chills. Thank You So much. Drive a car like a real man. Ooh, I think there's one more thing. You mean the same one that Harper does? You just ruined the entire Bronco brand just like that.


Oh my gosh. I needed this. That actually did literally amazing. Not just to do your makeup, but You can turn the light on for videos. Wow. You guys just got her everything That's in my car. Thank you so much Guys. Well you guys are gonna Be the reason she, she dies. Thank you. Got her everything to be distracted by driving. You're Welcome. And then thank you. The thing that it's all in can go in your Trunk. Okay. Clearly she didn't hear the part where it was from all of us. So yeah. Thank you. No, thank y'all. Thank you girl. We're ruining The bow. What if she wanted to keep the bow on? Nah, but what gave you What? Yeah, I didn't. So you got your license like a week Ago. But I don't have it anymore. You don't have your driver's license? No, I have it, but I'm grounded from my car Already.


What are you actually, wait, pull your Mic Closer. Yes, I'm grounded from my car. How'd you get grounded from your car? You had gas? Wait, wait. It's been like, has it even been seven days? No, it's been four days. Four days. I mean, honestly. Matt pay Bravo. No, It's been three days. So pay, I got my, I got my License on the No, you said over five days. I said under or over a week. That's what I said. Yeah. You said you're right. You're over a week when I would get my cards. Okay. Yes. Yeah, he owe me $100. It was a dollar ate a Chick-fil-A sandwich. Adding two zeroes to that. Yeah. Well I, I, I, yeah, I I was eating at Corner Bakery and Wait, what?


Sorry. I just really want this to be dramatic. Continue. Okay. So I was eating at Corner Bakery and Oh, this, this was the first day I got my car. First day. So I, I was, I was driving around everywhere. I drove my friend to her work. I drove everywhere. Like I Okay, you're scaring me. But I drove everywhere fine. And I don't really know how to park that well, but I, I did it pretty well. So I, I went into Corner Bakery 'cause it was like the end of the night. And my friends, my friends, they were going to Sorry, your friends went? Yeah, my, my friends, my friends were going to a baseball game.


I didn't wanna drive all the way over there 'cause it was like 30 minutes and I just got my license and I'm a good driver. Right. So, so, or I'm not like the best driver yet. So, you know. So basically I, I pulled into a corner bakery and I ate there for a second. Oh Yeah, we know that actually. Oh, you, you go to a bakery, you tell your friends around. When does the bad stuff happen? I want you to realize this. You've been talking for like three minutes and the first sentence outta your mouth was, I went to Corner Bakery. I know. And we're still there. I know. I went to Corner Bakery and I, and then I, when I was done, I pulled out, did I say that I was at Guer Bakery? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So basically I pulled out of the car and I What?


You what? No, no. I don't even know if she knows what she did. Okay. So it's like, it's like when AI is riding and chatting Gene it's still loading. It's like, did it, did I know? Yeah. So I was pulling out the car and I realized that my car's beeping 'cause I'm pretty close to another car. Ah. But I am like, I'll just keep going That beeping. What? Because I thought beeping is telling you Stop, stop. This is the point where I go, Well I didn't even go. I just literally went, oh. And so, 'cause the jolted me kind of backwards and I was like, but anyway, so I was pulling it out. I wanted to turn and I was turning and then I bumped a car. You hit another car? Yes. On your first day of driving?


Yes. And wait, wait, wait. You had your driver's license for like eight hours and then you Hit a car. It was, it was like four hours. You Had your license for four Hours and you got a car. But wait, so basically That might be a new bike. No, unfortunately that's not your fault. Whoever graduated you from driving Driver's ed. No. Just wait. You weren't ready. So Basically I pulled out, I bumped the car. These fans were like, oh my gosh. Like she hit the car. They were looking at me driving away. I was Like, Hey girl. Oh that's, I'm, that's so embarra. Gosh. So I pulled back, what an idiot. I pulled back into the spot 'cause I don't know what to do. I'm like, oh, okay. So I pulled back into the spot.


Oh no. The girls are like, I don't think you should just leave. 'cause I was like, should I just leave? I mean like, no wait, the girls who were with you or the fans? Yeah, I had cops show up at my house for that one time. Don't do that. Oh my gosh. So yeah, no. So you did What? Because she hit a car and drove away. Drove Away. You Drove away. No, no, no. No context on that. We left a note on the car, but the people that called and the cops didn't see that. We left a note on it. But anyway, So well anyways, so they gave, I went into Corner Bakery. I got like paper and a pen and, and I wrote on it like, hi, my name's Harper. I just got my license and I I hit your car. Here's my number if you need anything. So yeah, that happened. I left the note, the note on the windshield.


I didn't call my mom or anything. I must have forgot about it, but then I must have forgot about it. You were like, I'm not, wait, were you Freaking out? Yes, because the next thing that happened was I pull out of the shops and I go into the oncoming traffic lane where the cops are coming in And, and y'all thought I was joking when I said, no matter what, I'm not riding with Harper for until she has a year driving under her bike. Yeah, we went for one little test drive and she ran a stop sign and it was in the neighborhood. You, you drove Into oncoming traffic. So you know, you know when you're pulling out of the shops and then you turn this way and there's like Bahama bugs and that. I was turning and I was so flustered that I turned into the oncoming traffic lane.


And there there's a car coming. So you're Driving and cars are just flying at you? Yes. Yeah. She just played Mario car. So I don so I don dunno what to do. She's like, look at all these cars driving the wrong fucking what idiot. So I, I don know what to do. So I pull into the grass. Well three people or one guy's just walking on the sidewalk. I pull into the grass Now she said it into oncoming foot traffic. She's like, pedestrian, you're Pedestrian. So I pull into the grass and I'm driving on the sidewalk, wiggling around, going through the trees. And Are you serious? So serious. Like, and these are like small trees, like as big as like a little bigger than this like guy. So I'm riding this, Imagine just seeing this Bright white Bronco just on the sidewalk.


So no, Just wait. So then I, I then I, that's when I am like, okay, so I'm on the sidewalk and then I go the right way. I go straight back onto the road. You Go the right way on the sidewalk? No. Yeah, on the sidewalk. And then I move over to the road. So Then, so she merged. So I looked behind. She just had to me in the sidewalk to the highway. So I look behind me and all the grass is pretty Messed up. Did both directions. Yes bro. Wait, okay. Okay, keep going. The grass is pretty messed up. So I look behind me and then I realized there's another car coming. So I have to wait there and let it go and was going hit again. So I would've loved to see it if I was like at the shops and I just saw Harper. There was no, there was This poor guy. He was walking on the sidewalk and I was like, hi.


But anyways, I bark here sometimes Harper, I imagine you'd being on the sidewalk and you see a freshly 16-year-old just driving at you. Just, and I know Harper was like, no. What do you mean? If you're looking at Harper driving a car, this is all you see. You don't anything. The car is just coming out. You no person. Okay, well Anyway, he's trying to get to the trees.


Well, I didn't hit any trees and I look behind me and all the grass is pretty messed up. So then that's when I saw the car coming me. And I was like, oh. So then I stop and then I go and then I turn back in and I go behind a MC and the parking lot and I'm calling my mom and I'm like, mom. So like I almost hit this blue BMW, which I did hit the blue BMW. But you Lied to her? I lied to her because I didn't want her to take my car away. So I said, and I also didn't Wanna get, I'll be honest, backing into the car was like the least of your worries. I know. Okay. Don't, I don't think she would've taken your car away for hitting somebody. Oh, she would've. Well You keep telling the story how bad your mom, how bad you hit the car. I feel like you, yeah, you're acting like you nicked. It was the thing dented?


No, it was just a scratch. It was like, it was like a scratchy like paint, paint scratch, paint scratch. So basically The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So You can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket or get the double dunk it bucket for 25 prices and participation vary while supplies last. Taxes, tips and fees extra. And I have a photo of it and my mom was like, Oh my God. Oh you, I'm like, I don't, okay, sorry, but I'm Sorry but my, no, I know exactly what your mom did that what your mom did.


She meant No Harper just, just wait. Harper is so bad. So then what am I gonna Do with you? So then I, I didn't, I didn't tell my mom 'cause I was scared and I didn't want them to be yell at me and take away my car. So I told them that I went to oncoming Traffic again. I don't think they were gonna yell at you and take away your car. It's fine. It's fine. I wanna hear what she said. So I Went into the oncoming traffic lane and I told her that part. I said, I said yeah. And she was like, oh honey, I'm just glad you're okay. And then, and then I drive home with my foot shaking on the pedal. I'm like, okay. And so I'm, I'm fine. I think you're the guy on the sidewalk. You're like, oh, she's leaving again. You just see the hands turn the car back on. Like, he's like, should I call somebody?


So I drive home. It is incredibly hard to drive when your legs are shaking. I know, I know. So I drive home. Wait, You, why are you like shaking you? I never had that problem. Yes, I have the first, no, I've never had that problem. Oh well I don't know what to tell you. It was a girl thing. Congrat, the first time Matt ever made me film in public and I was driving the car. Were you like, I couldn't stop my legs from shaking. I was Like, she was like freaking out my mind going, yeah, I'm sitting there and I'm like, Kinzie, I set up the camera. She's like, what are you doing? I'm like, don't worry about it's best if you just don't know. And then we get to the, the window and I start barking at the drive through employee, like across from Kinzie. She's like pushing my face back like a dog.


Yeah. The drive through employee just kind of laughed. But Kinzie freaked out. Huh? Kate, why was your leg shaking? Oh, you Know hungry. What? No, we don't know. We dunno was cash barking makes Her shaking because I'm hungry sometimes. But then, yeah, When you're freshly 16 and you almost get into a little fib bit with another car, you get a little nervous. Wait, this happened to you too? A little fib Bit? Yeah. Well, okay, so I get home and then I'm so scared. So then I go back out and I pick up my friends and I'm so Scared. So I go back out, I get You drive. She just rolls into her friends. She's like, come on, get it. I go ahead and go pick up my friends because I know this is the last time I'll be driving. She's like, I know a bad girl that no one takes called the sidewalk.


So basically a fast lane. So I go, I go to bed, then the next day I drive to South Lake. But my mom was like, okay, we're not gonna do highways, so make sure like turn it off. All like a highway place. So then I do that. She doesn't know for two days that I hit a car. And I didn't realize that the girl, the lady was calling me. 'cause I have so many spam numbers and people have leaked my number and stuff. Yeah, there's so many, so many things. Oh no. So, Oh no. So basically she's calling me. She called me three times, texted me twice, and I didn't see it. And this lady is real mad. Yeah, she's so mad.


She's like, answer, I'm getting authorities involved. And I was like, I'm so sorry. Like, so I, I text her back and she, she's like, or well, I don't text her back. And then finally yesterday at like five, my mom gets a text on Facebook saying, your daughter crashed into my car. I need your insurance. Like immediately, how Did she know it was, you don't Know. Did you put Harper? I just said Harper, which is insane. And She found your account? I don't know. Or I mean, she found your stuff. What's that? I don't know. I said, I just got my, I just got my license and I did. Maybe She Googled your phone number. I don't know. That's that's insane to me. And so what I, what I was planning on doing was us meeting somewhere and me giving her the amount of money she needed and then Like, genuinely that's Barbara was gonna do like a freaking drug deal in the back of the, listen, no idea.


Listen, here's the money for the BM bmw. Okay, don't tell my mom, let's keep this hush hush because, Okay. And Then mom, no need to get the authority you bought involved either. And then my mom finds Out, no need to get my mom. I mean, the authority he said involved. So my mom finds out and she's like, Oh my God, Harper. And so my dad, he's also, he's like, listen, it's okay. Like I, this happens, my mom's over here like fire seating outta her ears. And I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, I'm sorry. Maybe because You lied to her. Maybe That's, she, she's more mad about that. But she's like, Even if you did Hit the car, I would freak out. But it's fine. Anyways, she, so, yeah, I'm grounded from my car for a while. So How long is a while? Like a while? That sucks. So today would've been the first day I would've drove by myself to the podcast.


But clearly, Yeah. Last week when she pulled up the day before her birthday, she was like, today's the last day. I'm gonna have my mom drive me to the podcast. And here We are. And here we are This week her mom drove her. I thought it was weird. Your mom showed up. And then, by the way, all my friends at the, the thing that we were at were like, oh my gosh. Yeah, the first week of driving I bumped a car park or like pulling outta the lot. And then they're, they're like, yeah, I didn't tell my mom for like the first day. But then I finally, then I finally did. 'cause she found out that's better than they didn't get grounded. That's better than cash. I think cash still had his learner's permit and he totaled a car. I fell asleep at the, I fell asleep at the wheel? Yeah. With my mom inside. So I, I had to tell her, am I allowed to read the text? I woke up, I was like, mom, you see that from the lady?


Yeah. She, yeah. You can read it. She Wait, your Mom was in the car? Yeah. So clearly she wasn't doing very good as a teacher. What was she doing? Well, she saw me. She was like, I was like, man, I'm getting a sleepy, huh? And she was like, oh, cash, I Can drive. I was like, no, I got it. I'm, I'm good with the Learns permit Tara. And then, and then, and then we're at a stoplight and it's stop and go traffic at this stoplight. And then I, I, I go and I didn't stop. You shouldn't have gone. And I, I, I fell asleep in between the go and the stop. And then I just went and we hit the front and I woke up and I was like, you see that? Or, So this is what the lady Said. I was like, we don't gotta get the authorities involved. The lady said, No, Josh's outta the guard.


He's like, listen, don't tell my mom. The lady said Good morning, period. Please call me regarding my car you hit last night. We need this fixed as soon as possible Harper with a period. What? Let, Why she Be so rude? You're obviously 16. Duh. What the What? Me keep reading. Well, she did might Not know she's 16. Oh, That, okay. That And then I said a little crazy. She said, you need to respond, period. This is a hit and run period. I don't wanna have to get the authority involved, period. Okay. It's not a hit and run if you leave Number. I literally left a note. Yeah. And then the Cops showed up at my door and I said, I left a note. And he was like, well I guess that's not a hit and run. And then I said, hello, this is Harper. Sorry, I just saw this. I believe you have contacted my parents and we will all get it solved out. I just got my license the day I hit your car.


And I know that's not an excuse, but I, I just wanna let you know I'm a very new driver. I'm not used to getting out of tight parking lot spaces or anything. So this was one of my first times. I'm so sorry this happened. Especially to your car. If you need anything, please contact my mom gave her her number. Thank you. And I'm so sorry. She said, I'm very, I I'm very glad you left a note that was very reasonable. I know it wasn't an accident. Period. We will get with your dad once we know how much it will cost. Oh, well that was, dude, imagine it was like, I, I, I'm in the middle of getting a new truck. Imagine she had my new truck parked and she leaves me her number and I'm like, what? And then I Said, I call her, she won't answer. I'm like, What? I said, I said, thank you miss period. Or I said thank you miss without a period. She read it yesterday and I just wanna call her and just hand her the money and just be done with it.


Have my car Back. I know now I think she, she, yeah, I know that she got ahold of you. But you know, when you like hit somebody's car, you have to like go through insurance unless you like Want No, You don't have, you don't have to. But like, since you have insurance, your parents will want you to. Well, No, my parents were like, we're not gonna go through insurance because that's gonna get my car insurance. It's Probably only car Insurance Will go off. Well Kate backed into a car left to note. Then they were like, ah, don't worry about it. That was our junk car anyway. It was a total car. Well, Yeah. Did y'all freaking get, did you get grounded? Well, No. Listen, listen to how much Kate has got off. She backed into a car when she was like 16 and they were like, don't worry, it's a beater car anyway, it Was no, it was a totaled car. The car can't Drive. So they didn't make her pay anything, bro. Then she packs into a car. How Did you hit a car? That was total in I was in a neighborhood.


Neighborhood. Their car was like parked on the street. It wasn't totaled. It just wasn't in use. And then she backs into a car out of our neighborhood here. They don't make her pay for it. Our neighbor didn't it? No. Then I we're at the bank account. We're at the bank and she opens the door and hits our banker's car. He doesn't make her pay for it. I offered Way did. I think you paid for it. I've offered every single time to pay for all of the damages, but the people that I have just happened to hit their cars have all been my mom's way too nice to me. Should I Just text her? So yeah. Hey, we're on the podcast. What? Sorry? Yes ma'am. I was gonna come see if You can get your phone. Is her car getting taken away even longer? They're towing her car down. No, but, but just to let you know, Kay also hit a car with three cars when she was 16.


So, alright, well no one was like this week. Yeah, one, One was this week. Bye. Love you. Okay. To be fair, the wind that day that my car hit her, she wasn't saying, she only did the same thing, had a car the same day. The same day. Kenzie opened her car door and it flew and it hit the car next to her because the wind was like Literally eight miles. Well the baker actually, it was like the most tiny, tiny, tiny thing that I think came from the door. So I offered, I would've paid for it Though. It was like, I mean, a tiny thing, not kinzie's. It was like a big in the door. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And I knew a note would blow away, so we put a painter's tape on their car and wrote away. Oh wait. Yeah. Did they ever call? You never called no tape flew away? No. There's no way it flew away. No, there's no way. The tape blew Away mad, but they never called or anything stuck.


Really? So got off Lucky man. Never called, was it a nice car? I got a feeling. Listen, I put it on and I got a feeling they thought somebody just stood put tape on their car or something because it, it was gonna be dark when they got outta the movie theater. Yeah. And they were just like, I'll just table on my car and they're probably like someone in my car. No, I, I don't think anyone's ever like, hit my car and left a note on it That would sound I had somebody hit my car and run. What? You didn't You remember that? No. Yeah, I was at a restaurant and I come out and there's a note on my car and I'm like, what the, Which car was this? My challenger And I, and I'm like, what the, and I pull it off and they're like, somebody hit the back right bumper of your car back.


Right bumper of your car. Here's their license plate number. They, they drove off. No way. Yeah. Oh. And I was like, I was like, what? I go back there and my bumper's like, kind of like crooked, like kind of like messed up. Yeah. I'm like no shot. So we call the police and the police are like, yeah, we'll see if we can get video footage from like the restaurant stuff. Was this in California? Yeah. Oh, good one. We'll see if we can get video footage from the restaurant and stuff. They probably did not care. Prob no. Within like, I'm not even kidding. Like three hours they called me back, they're like, yeah, we ran the license plate. All this stuff went to the guy's house and they measured like his car and the red pink marks that were on his front bumper. And then they measured my car and they were like, yeah, it looks like he hit your car. I highly surprised three saw the guy three and and they like knocked on it.


It was the same kind of thing. He was like, it was like some dad answered the door was like, his son was like, oh, I'm sorry. I didn't even think I, I hi. It, it was like, you, you really hit dude. Why are these kids hit and running? I don't understand. I don dunno. Yeah. I literally left them out. They get scared. I think they said, said that running away while like He said he got out and looked at the car and didn't see any damage. So he, he didn't leave it down, dude, honestly, like mean damage. My bumpers hat off a crazy clutch from the bystander who wrote that. That's wild. Honestly, that's what the bystander in my situation was trying to do because Yeah. And that's what happened to her. Yours Too. No, and that was the right thing. Honestly, if I saw someone hit someone's car and drive away, I'd probably leave a note on the person whose car Got hit. Yeah. Kate hit it and then the girl we were picking up, she's like, oh, don't worry, that car hasn't moved in like a year. And we were like, and we were late for the movie. We were like, all right, well well ride a note on it when we get back.


And, and so it looks like a hit and run. But then when we got back, we wrote a note and left it. But that person that thought we hit and ran, wrote a note and turned it into the cops. Y'all wanna know my scary when the cops showed up at the door? Yeah. I was driving for like 15 hours. I'm in the middle of like Utah or something, and it's like 2:00 AM roads, 2:00 AM and I'm just driving cruise control on all of a sudden, boom. Like out of nowhere I hit a deer. Oh, I do remember that. Almost went through the windshield and everything. And I was like, and airbags go off and the car's just like smoking. It's like beep, beep, beep, beep. And like, I'm like literally like trying to keep awake and all of a sudden I'm fighting for my life on the highway. I do remember that. Terrifying. I remember you called us in the middle of the night and you're like, I just hit a, literally like in the middle of nowhere, I just hit a deer and like my car was going.


We were like asleep. And I was like, oh, that's crazy. Are you okay? And he was like, yeah. And I was like, okay, bye. And we hung up and then like five minutes later I'm like half asleep and then my brain starts to like, come to Normalness and I was like, wait, is he okay? And then I like, I remember that too. I, We be like, hi, yeah, bye now going back to bed, talking like cars like sideways on the highway. But you know what's crazy? Get I, I I pull, I pull over, I get to the car to the edge of the road, I jump out. Deer's gone. Deer's survived. Imagine being a deer and hit and running. I mean, that's crazy. Yeah. It was literally just like, see ya just took off. I had A friend in college who a deer came out and didn't run in front of the car, like where the car hit the deer.


The deer hit the car, like it hit the side of the car and then ran off. And he, he, my friend watched the whole thing happen. Get he tbo by a deer is wild. So he's driving, he's, he, it's at the college campus. So he is going like 15, 20 miles an hour. Okay. The deer just comes out ransom to the car and he watches the deer run off. And he's like, what? And so he puts the car apart, he gets a huge dent in the side of the Door. Imagine Is that a stoplight? Just imagine the heck. Imagine just coming out, you're like, is that thing gonna stop? You're sitting at stoplight. Just fucking, That's crazy. One time my sister, she was like 16, took us for a drive.


We were on like a four or five lane highway and she spun out and we were doing circles in the car, literally just spinning all the highway going 80 mile an hour. We're like looking, we turn when you turn around backwards and you see cars at 85. Gosh, that's why most terrify because you're driving this way and all of a sudden you're like, uhoh, you're just getting a 360 view of the highway. Wait, what's even worse spin out is you spin me spot. It was raining. Did they not stop? No, don't stop. Hydroplaned. But ironically it was raining and ironically about a minute after we spun out, we're still like sitting there on like the side of the road and then another car spun out and hit the barrier. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, it's so scary driving. Yeah, it can be. But when I backed into our neighbor's car, her front bumper was low key, like hanging off and she was backing out.


It was her daughter's car. She was pulling out of her driveway at the same time that I hit her car. So I hit her car and I was like, Frank, and I get outta my car and I go to her car and I was like, I just backed into your car. And she was like, oh honey, Don't Even worry about it. And she walks over and she just slaps the bumper back into place and she's like, look at that. It's great. I wish that's what she would do for me. Dad just, just repainted real. No, it did, it did help that it was like her teenage daughter's car. Yeah. And she was like, my kids have hit plenty of things before. Like, don't Worry about it. Hey, sometimes I get it like, you're young, you don't know what you're doing. But the worst one was this old guy. This old guy. Oh, that happened to me. Yes. Yes. He hit exactly what he was doing. This man was like 70 years old. Lemme Yeah.


60, 65. No, that's, that's Excused. Honestly. No, not 70. He was like sixties. So he was, he wasn't like getting the senior discount yet. He was like almost there. And he hit me in a freaking car wash tunnel. I just going through my car wash and then I get rear ended. I'm like, Oh, I forgot to put it in neutral. Yeah. And I was like, what the, and we get outta the car, I'm like not mad or anything. So after we get out, I just park the car and I'm kinda like waiting for the guy to come park and he just pulls right out and drives away. I'm like, where you going bud? And then I get in my car and I chase him down and I was like, dude, pull over man, pull over. And he was like, and then I pull over and he knows exactly what he did. That's why he pulled over.


Oh my God. And he pulled over. He was like, what? And I was like, oh, you know, he just hit my car about 60 seconds ago. He was like, oh, it probably didn't do anything. I was like, well maybe not, let's, let's find out. And then it didn't and he was so mad that I cursing at me. I was like, dude, you're the one that hit my car. Oh. And he's like, it's the car washing's fault. I was like, Like no. Okay, well you say it, didn't it dented it? No, I said it didn't do anything to my car, but he just kept blaming it on the car wash. I was like, come on man. So bad. Well, you know, he was, he was frustrated to the Car wash. Yeah. The thing, it didn't do any damage to my car. So my dad, when I told him that story, he did 360 around my car and nothing was wrong with it. Yeah. And I just, I'm just so sad that I'm grinding from the car. But I understand that I lie, Hey, it Could be worse.


People sometimes when people get like literally like when you bump someone's car, there have been times where people are like, I want an ambulance. Because if an ambulance comes out, they get, they get more money out of it. Oh My God. Yeah. You know, I actually found out I had that happen. Really? One of my exes rear ended somebody and at a stoplight just rear ended somebody at a stoplight. Same thing cast did and they had to have an ambulance come out and all this stuff. But They were fine. Oh they had, I mean it was like two mile an hour. Yeah. It was like the cars was just dented a little. Yeah. And then they had to have an ambulance come out to, to assess the damage of her body. Yeah. Take, take 'em away. Because her, because because her, her back was hurt. I was like, because on, I was like, you live a rode Batman at Six Flags.


Like no. The one thing that I found out about being a teenager, and it sounds stupid, but if you tell your parents the truth, you just get in way less trouble. That is true. No, no, no. Way less. I mean way less. That's why Way, way. I don't care if you killed someone. Not only way less trouble, you get to do way more things. Yes. Yeah. Because I don't know why I never understood that until like literally like a year ago. No, when, when your parents actually trust you. Because like it's like even if he does go out and he makes a mistake or something happens, he's gonna tell me it's gonna be okay. Yeah, you're right. But it's like, oh he is gonna go out and he's gonna hide it and then I'll never even know. Yeah. Yeah. Well when I'm like 20 I'll tell my mom everything I've ever done.


Right. You can later. That's what we did. Yeah. That's the normal route. If you would've told your mom that you hit the car when you hit the car, she wouldn't have been as mad. Yeah. The thing is there's like, okay, like I'm not just saying this so my mom can hear it, but there's like nothing else that like she knows she's found out everything through the internet, through through like like me getting caught with cars. Bumped. Yeah. She's found out everything. So yeah. So you might as well just tell her. So I might, you might as well Because You can't hide anything from me. Yeah. I mean cash didn't tell my dad. Cash didn't tell my dad something. And it was like, yeah, Alex knows what I'm saying. And, and then it just made my dad way more suspicious. 'cause usually your lie doesn't hold up in court.


It doesn't go very well. Know what this is court. Well I just mean like it doesn't hold up when you tell your parents they like start poking holes in it and you're like, hey what? Well, I mean and so one night cash is with Alex. I'll let you tell the story but okay fine. I'll tell the story. No, I think I've told this one on here. I think you have. Yeah, the Missouri story where I fell asleep at the wheel. Yeah. But did you tell them what you did to dad? The lie. What was the lie? Okay. What long story short you fell asleep at the wheel. I've done multiple times. Took car, mom and dad. Mom and dad are out town. I took the car to Missouri. I lived in Oklahoma by the way. They weren't out town to see me but he went to some other church. No, no, no. They weren't outta town. I was standing the night at Alex's house. Yeah. Alex's parents were out town.


I took the car 'cause they thought I was standing the night at Alex's house. Dude Missouri's far away from Oklahoma. Yeah. It was like a three, four hour drive. I took like a four hour drive. If he was going there, he should just come here. Yes, Kate. We understand. Yeah. And I took the car to Missouri for me and my friend to go meet up with some girls. Oh my gosh. You're so like desperate. Yeah, yeah. Tell me about it. It is like 4:00 AM or that's like really disgusting. Yeah, it was disgusting. And anyways, long story short, we drive like three or four hours there, three or four hours back. We're like, like 30 minutes away from our house. And they're like, we got away with it. We, and I'm just so sleepy. Just like, oh, sleepy. And I, I fell asleep at the wheel again. And so yes. And before I got my license I thought it was impossible to fall asleep at the wheel.


And I did it twice. And now I learned anyways, I hit the barrier and my dad's like, well what the freak? Did your friend not wake you up? Well I mean after I fell asleep. And did you, after you hit the barrier they did. Didn't just go fix it. They were like, we'll fix it in the morning. Wait, you'll still keep driving in the morning. We had to go to church. Yeah. So anyways, I was late to church. My dad's like, what the heck? Or I didn't show up. He's like, what the heck? Blah blah blah. I was like, unfortunately the car is damaged. And you know, I told him, I was like, it's made up some lie. I said, I hit it by pulling outta a McDonald's. I was like, me Alex. And my friend was at McDonald's and we hit the curb. Yeah. And then, yeah. And then my dad was like, okay, no, that's, no you didn't come to dinner.


And he was interrogating me. Yes. And then he was asking Mav questions. Alex questions. He was interrogating everyone in individually, not in a group which terrifying. That's worst case scenario. And then he finally came to the conclusion on his own. He's like, you were, 'cause it was like a Dodge Challenger. So he was like, you were hot rotting it weren't you? What does that mean? Like driving, like drifting, doing donuts in around corners and stuff, doing donuts or whatever. He's like, and then you damaged it from doing that, didn't you? And I was like, yes, you caught me but luckily you caught me. But here's the problem. And he was not just asking you, he was asking me and Alex as well at the same time. But all of us, when he asked us that question, we were like, yeah, that's what he was doing.


We're like, you got us. That was it. That that was, I was hot rotting it. And you know what? Now that I, now that I think about it, I don't know why I didn't just tell him I fell asleep at the wheel either way. 'cause he would've been like, why were you out driving that way? No you weren't. No, no. It could have been in the morning. I could told, I could have lied to him about the time of day, anything. Last time I fell asleep in the wheel, it was two o'clock in the afternoon. So I could've just been like, you know what, yeah you made me get up early for church, obviously I'm gonna crash. Yeah. I could've just been like, oh I fell asleep at the wheel again. And they would've been like, son, you gotta be more careful. I would've been like, I know, I know. And everything would've been great. I don't know why I didn't just say that. Wait, Does he know the real story now? Yes. So once again, if you just tell the freaking truth it would be way easier.


Yeah. But Did you even get grounded? I, I got something I don You probably didn't get to drive the car for a little bit. I don't know what it was. Yeah, I'm just sad 'cause I just got my license and I feel like I just, I just, maybe I should just be nice to my mom so I Can get my license back. Yeah, Probably. Well maybe you should be nice to your mom because she's your mom. Yeah. Well thank you guys so much for watching this episode. Make sure to subscribe 'cause we're trying to hit 3 million followers, so it'd be huge. Peace.