
Harper went to homecoming with her ex boyfriend. No, It was really awkward because like he like wanted to sit next to me and I was like, I'm just gonna sit next to my friend.


Since you're new to h and r Block. We'll look at your returns from the last three years for any money your last guy might've missed for free. I could get money back from last year. You Could we'll find any mistakes. Could Have really used that two years ago when I dated that mistake for five months. Don't leave money on the table. Switch to HR Block and get a free second look review. Second look is included at no additional cost with the purchase of tax preparation. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply If you have us file an amended return.


We're so done with New Year. New you this year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what? We love that for you. Someone knows we'll too. Be more you this year and find them on Bumble.


So you didn't even sit next to it. Nope. So I was in the car with my friend one time. She's about to throw up in this Uber and the Uber guy's like I can't stop. But if you throw up that's a $500 charge. I take one for the team, she's in the backseat throwing up in my hands and I'm choking It out the whole, welcome, welcome back. Okay. Matt, you go. Well I, I was talking. Okay Matt. I just, I would like to just say if we just got straight out the car, straight back from one of the greatest eras of our life, honestly greatest vacations of all time, greatest vacation. What happened? One of the greatest, some would say it was the greatest, but Harper didn't come. It was a really fun week. Harper did not come to our great vacation.


I would've, It was fun, but it was a bit tiring as a girl I would Say. It was awesome. No, It was not tiring for me. It was because I didn't, my husband didn't like beg me to play volleyball every single game. It was like, but the guys, there was like 18 guys and they were all like Kinsey ass to play. She's the only good Player. Kenzie was very good at volley volleyball. Kenzie was first pick every time. She's very good at volleyball. That's what we figured out. But also it was like summer camp. We literally all slept in bunk houses and we played basketball and corn hole and volleyball and slip and slide. Well everybody you had like a big master bedroom. Oh yeah. Everyone slept in a bunk house, you know, besides me. Yeah, you had like a a i in the Office. Well we slept in the office. Yeah, but it had a queen bed.


This is true. And me and Kate had this like crazy master bedroom, low key and then, and then like eight Lowkey, low key Cash And Kate were the ones who put the trip together. So There was like 14 people was in a bunkhouse. Yeah. These like, but it was all dudes like 14-year-old dudes in a bunk house. Yeah. And I had been talking about many. No, no, no. You didn't say, you just said 14-year-old dudes. It was not 14-year-old dudes. Sorry. It was 14 dudes in a punk house. I don dunno why I said year old. That's crazy. That's Weird. Yeah, it was amazing. Highlights on the honestly, man, you, you gotta feel left out man. You do. You do cash. Cash made a lot of the highlight reels. Yes he did. And A lot of the low light reels as well.


I don't even know if we can, I'll say this first highlight. So we may skip straight to the second highlight. So first highlight is cash went down the slip ands hot, naked. I did With another man. With another man who was Also naked. Chase. Chase Martin can can you say that Chase Martin. That's his name. Listen what happens? Me, him naked down the slide. What happens After Dar? Can this be set? I'm glad I wasn't there. He, I don even know if it could be set. Kenzie And I were already in Bed and all the guys were still outside like in the hot tub and stuff. Oh, did not The first night. Yeah. It was nighttime. It was all, they were just like, let's go down Naked. Naked then went down. Okay. You made fun of Maddox. But the way you say naked, you're like naked.


Naked, naked. Naked. A country. Way to say it. You know, naked. Naked. Afraid is such a, I never watched that show. But wait, we gotta continue with the highlights. Oh, second highlight of the trip. Cash again. Decided he's gonna jump off the two story house across a gap that's probably 30 feet into Wow. I make a lot of highlights here. And then Kate comes out. Kate was the highlight though. You were just part of it. Yeah. Is Harper did we have, I wish we had a picture of it. Oh, I have a picture. I got a whole video. Oh. Oh nice. Oh perfect. Of what? I wanted to jump off the house. Yeah. Into the pool. Just one time. Just one time. Just climb up there. Jump off one time. Big deal. Right? You've probably done it. They were like, I bet you can't do that. I was like, bet I Can lemme show you. And I go up there.


Kate has like a mental breakdown. I was pretty mad Of me being on the roof. No, I've never seen someone walk with so much anger. Oh, I know dude. That walk was like this when she was walking over to you. Yes. That was it. I was like, I was like, oh, it was a march. It was a march. Oh no Wait, I have like the tail end of Kate storming into the house. You can't see Kate, but You can see Alex. And he's like sprinting after Kate. He's like, Alex is gonna be so funny. Watch Alex running. We wanna see. Yeah, we wanna see. Wait, wait. We would like to see guys Parker's running in too. Yeah.


Wait, wait. Alright, let's See. Let's see. I was mad. I'm telling you. This Is her running in. So she's already been mad. No, I didn't run. Oh Yeah, she comes up on the balcony. Alex's running. Oh, He's like already on the roof and she, and she's trying to get down. Wait, scroll again to the left. And You can see Is he naked? No. Oh that's, looks Sure does look like it. I'm not naked there. Okay guys. Yeah, That's what he's like in a little hole. And he's like, yeah, yell at me Kate, You got more here. Oh, there's a lot more here. Oh, let's go. I was very mad. Look, I was gonna jump from there into the pool. Oh, that's a little like, that's a little far.


And they didn't want me to do it. Man. Can you drop all those videos and pictures to Alex? Yeah. Yeah. That's Crazy. Unfortunately I don't like the thought of him like dying. So It was, it was, it was awesome. I wouldn't die. I was gonna make it second highlight of the trip. Third. Third. Somebody owed cash. Some money. Okay, now I'll, I'll say the short version. I won't include the guy's name, but we're still friends. It's all love now Surprisingly. What the like I don, I would never be friends with somebody after that. Yeah, that's insane. But anyways, me and the guy, we just, we got had a disagreement about some things and it was the first time I ever, I ever slapped somebody in my life that wasn't Maverick.


Which is a insane song. It was


Attention Renters, do you ever get the sense that you're caught in a cycle of rent payments, seeing your hard earned cash just disappear. It's time to shift the narrative and start reaping some real benefits. Enter Built Rewards Built is Breaking Ground as a neighborhood rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent every month. Pay your rent and watch the built points. Roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700 plus hotels and properties. You can also use your points to book fitness studio classes or redeem them toward future rent payments. They're designed to meet your lifestyle. So pay, rent, hassle free through the Built Rewards app and your rent game. Just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the points guy and Bankrate earn points by paying rent right now when you join built.com/lool podcast, that's J-O-I-N-B-I lt.com/lol podcast. Make sure you use our URL so they know that we sent you join built.com/lol podcast to start warning points with your rent payments today.


But this guy's also a very close friend of mine. Okay. So it's not like I just slapped. It's almost like he's a brother. Yeah. It's almost like he is a brother. Right? So I slapped him. Yeah. That's not crazy. And you know, it was, I shouldn't have done it. It was very bad. But yeah, I, I definitely got mad at him. Please don't press charges. I definitely got mad at him for that. So play it for Harper. There was that. Was it on the mic? That was the, no, no, I can't even do that. No, no we can't do that. But yeah, that was the first time I ever really like hit someone that wasn't Maverick. It sounded kind of like the song. It's like everybody clap your hands. Just it was crazy. That's so funny. But that not but we made up.


We're all good now. Me, him, continue. We're friends. Many highlights. That was not one of my highlights. That is insane. Wait, who video? That video. Oh, another highlight. Some like 15-year-old girls came over to like take some photos and then they wanted to play volleyball against us. The owner of the Airbnb like brought him over. He is like, Hey my girls wanna like play volleyball against y'all. I took, so we play volleyball Don against this, this volleyball squad that's way better than us. Kenzie's about to set a ball. She's getting ready. She thinks she's gonna set a ball. They spike this ball straight into her face. Oh so fast. Yeah, they hit Me in the head. Kenzie Was like, I played volleyball. Bam. And see that's what I say.


To be fair though, that's what I say. What I mean when I say Kinzie makes me look so mad because Kenzie laughed it off. I would've been literally, I would've cried for an hour. It was coming in like a rocky. I was, it was So hard. I was like, oh, if she starts crying, that's so valid. Like I would've for her to be fair though, like it tipped off my hands. 'cause I put my hands up like this and like Oh, skin through my hands. Hit your nose. So it kind of like slowed. Yeah I did. Oh, I love volleyball. Right in between eyes. Do you played volleyball? Harper? Yeah, I played volleyball for two years. Wait, Actually I would school you in volleyball school. No you wouldn't. You don't think, wait, hold up. Pause. You think Harper would beat Harper would destroy both of you. Wait, wait. So you think you and Harper would beat me and cash in volleyball me Alone would beat you in volleyball.


So me and Harper would for sure. Okay. Okay. Destroy. That's actually like, you know what I simply do that me and you versus the three girls in volleyball, we Would destroy video Style. I We, no. Yeah, we upload it to YouTube and it's just an uncut version of the whole game. We're all micd up. Okay. You can say Whatever we want. We got money on them. No, they're not gonna win. No, no. There's a lot of rules in volleyball. Like if you touch the now we get the point like yeah y'all would definitely touch the point. Think that the boys scare me about is apparent. So there's this rule in volleyball where like, you know when you like hit it with your fingers over the net, you can't like let it sit back in your hand too long or else it's like you're throwing it. They kind of do that. They do it every single. They do. It's not true. They're like hold it for three seconds and It's fake news.


They get mad because I dunk on 'em in volleyball. You don't. That's why they're mad. That's the problem. You're not supposed to dunk in volleyball. Yeah, well I grab the ball, you to hit the ball. I slam it over the net. Like did you boom. See? Said you grabbed it and they don't. No I don't grab it. I tap it. I the ball right here. No, no, no. I swing back and I just whoop. Boom. And they all get mad. Yeah. So anyways, that's the only thing that scares me is because it is like the strength of a man throwing a volleyball at us and like I don't, I don't vibe with that. You Not just the strength of any man strength of this man. An average man. Oh my God. What the


welcome To NATA Island. Nice on Mitchell's NATA Island podcast. I Almost fainted when the four new bombshells arrived. Four free Samsung Galaxy, A 16 5G phones and Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Oh thanks God. He is. That's Wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro plus Tax. Bring four numbers in an ID and sign up for any metro flex plan. Not available currently at T-Mobile or bill with Metro in the past 180 days.


Oh wow. That's the strength of a man. Wow. Not a super weak one. Not A super shy average man that I'm an above average strength man. I don't think so. Oh gosh. So like That. So after that my highlight. My highlight reel. What is it? You may ask. I got to read my book. What the a lot. Does anybody know why that weirdo is looking at us? He's just like posted up on our wall right now. Posted Up. He's eyeballing me. I think. Think he's got the hots for me. I don't think so. Possibly. You never know. Let's see. Other highlights of the trips of the trip. Honestly he had to be there for the rest of 'em. I can't really, you can't put it into word On.


It was down the water slide. Throwing Kate down the water slide if you guys see that TikTok. We threw Kate down the water slide. Great time in the bed. Did you see that TikTok? No. It's pretty fun. Did it go viral? Crazy. Oh it so viral. I just posted it a couple hours ago but it's already a million views. Views. Wait what? It's already at 1 million. Wait, wait, wait. Where's Kate? You watch it later sweetheart. Right now we're in a podcast. No wait, pop pop the video up. Pop the video up screen. Oprah's like notorious for just not caring. Oh my gosh. Yeah, five hours ago. Oh my gosh. Was she actually still asleep? Oh yeah, she's, she's just completely there. Confused. You might say Somebody would even say she was awake. My sister Sent me a screenshot Of too.


You never a screenshot she Sent, she just sent me this picture with no context. Who is he? Just, I'll text it to you. You're not getting the full thing. You gotta hear the screen. Oh wait, you gotta hear the screen. But there's music. You can't, oh there is music. Make sure we upload the non music version. Oh. Oh my gosh. That's so much fun. So we, oh, that slide was so fun. That slide clicked. Dude, I We go way too fast. Really? Because me mal could have tooken you and just rocketed you down that slide. I, oh my gosh, that's crazy. So fast. So fun. Wait, I have a video I think here. Yeah, I, We went crazy. I'm like, we were trying to get shots, like different videos of us going down. So then everyone was like, okay, we're all gonna go head first on our stomachs now.


And I was like really nervous to do it, but I was like, fine, I'm not gonna be a baby. So I like get on the tube to try to go down on my stomach and I completely slide right off the tube and I go the whole slide down on my stomach and now I'm extremely bruised. There's a Video. Do you guys have the video of me falling on the, the slide? I don't, I, maybe we can put up like the highlights of the trip or something. A second. I think second. Think tre has it. I don know if we have the video of me standing on the slide going down, pop that up too. 'cause that one that's not very bad. That one was kind of brutal. I hurt my tail down. It was a, my tail was really fun slide. I lost my, I lost a pair of sunglasses. So RIP sunglasses. Quit. Quit it here. Show harbor. This one. Let me see. It's this one. Gimme a, Here we go. What?


That was pretty Good. Good. That was A noise. Have I ever heard? How long was the slide? It was pretty long. It's pretty far. Like you went down pretty quick when you went down. Like especially, What is that noise? That's, That's okay. It happens. It so fun. How Long did it go? Like how right after that video? It stopped. Yeah. Oh my God. Fun. It was a lot of, But what would happen is we'd go with like eight people at a time. Yeah. So it'd be like one person go and then right after the next person. And Somehow I always ended up in the front and everyone's bodies were like slamming Me against the wall at the end.


But you would go so fast and it'd be so funny 'cause you get to the end and then you'd just turn around and watch everyone like fumbling down the Slide. My sister went there once with her friends for a Birthday party. Yeah, your mom was Saying that? Yeah. Yeah. She went there like for a friend's birthday party or something like that. Like they rented it out. Yeah. Did y'all just rent it out for fun? Just go. They Just let us go. Yeah. That's insane. It Was a lot of fun. And we just, because the boys like five years ago took this trip to Hawaii and they always were like, we need to get everyone back together for Hawaii. And then instead of Hawaii they were like,


Are you tired of smelling like you just ran a marathon in a sauna on a hot day? Or worse? Like you've been living in a house with cash baker? No, just me. Okay. Well either way I've got just the thing for you. Lumi Lumi is a whole body deodorant that keeps you smelling fresh by blocking odor all day and controlling odor for up to 72 hours. My favorite part is that they have since like clean tangerine, lavender, sage and toasted coconut to keep the cash smell far away. And it was created by an OB GYN. So you can rest assured it is safe to use anywhere on your body. Lummi starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice and free shipping as a special offer for listeners, all customers get 15% off all Lummi products with our exclusive code. That's right. Not just new customers, returning customers as well. And if you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, use code lll pod for 15% off your first purchase@lumiedeodorant.com. That's code lll pod at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please support our show and tell them we sent you.


Yeah, that's fun. Yeah. Oh is it was fun. He is. Here it is. Harper. What did you do? My almost gave himself a concussion. Oh, we Need to see that video Of Jesse going out. Oh my gosh. Yeah. That kinda hurt my tailbone. That's Crazy. Yeah. And did you see the Video Of Jesse? Oh, we don't. Oh, I could have caught that for you. I should have offered Did we see what the video Of Jesse, he like jumped up in like Yeah, one tailbone. He wouldn't go on the water slide all week and we were like, you gotta go down the slide last night. He goes down the slide. He gets a tube. Yeah. Yeah. He jumps and just, he lands on the top of the slide, man. It was just, I thought he hurt himself.


I'm not gonna lie. Like But didn't he had fun. He had fun. Yeah. He liked it a lot. He was just worried about the water being cold and it was kind of cold. The water was pretty, pretty cold. Got sand. Can you tell he got what? So tan And we talk about the cruise. Nope. No, we didn't ever talk about our cruise. I don't think so did we? Alex was saying we talked about our cruise. We Might have talked a little bit about it. Well, a little bit about getting to the cruise. Did you talk about the dolphins? You Rod Kate? No, we didn't talk about the dolphins. I don't think we talked about the dolphins. Harper. Have you ever swam with a dolphins? Yes, because I'm practically a do dolphin wizard at this point. I don't care. I don't care. You don't, you don't need you to caret care. If you knew what he did to these dolphins, guess what I, the dolphins obeyed me.


What The dolphins did to him. No, what? The dolphins did things to Josh was like dolphin jane for a little while. The dolphin. Jane. No, the dolphins obey me. I go, I go like this. They go, yes sir. I go forward. They go forward. I say reverse. They go in reverse. I'm imagining. I say jump. They jump. I rode a dolphin, some say with the fin in my hand. Stradling it like a horse like this. That's exactly how I'm imagining him with the, with the dinosaur thing as his little, that's The Dolphin triton sword. It came Under my legs. I grabbed its fin and I rode to see No way picture. That should be that thumb. Now I want you to picture the man you love riding a dolphin.


Like, not like that by many means. But like sh Kate was on the cruise ship. I rode by her on the balcony. She's on the balcony. I was like, hey. No, it was more so It's on the cruise ship. No, No. Oh. But they were in the water. He found they were in the water. So as much as cash would like to think he like literally made that dolphin his own. Actually the dolphin instructor, the real dolphin whisperer Exactly. Said that he's gonna, he's gonna swim by when he swims by you hold onto his spin gently. And so I need a demonstration. Can you get on the floor please? Do you want me to be the dolphin? Yes. I'll be you. Okay. Why can't he be him?


Yeah. This is uncalled for The town a dolphin makes. It's, it's, that was a dolphin made. Don't they sound like that? The thing that As a sheet man. No. Will we bleep, will we bleep something out that is, yeah. Yeah, that's close. Okay. I'm gonna show you guys what cash looks like. So this okay? Yeah, yeah. Oh, that does look more like a fin. That's that's a good fin. It's, it does look like a fin. I think it's offending me. It's not, dad wants you to think that he wrote it like this.


Yeah. All right. He, he's trying to act like he rode the dolphin like this. I did, but he did it. First of all. Hey guys, see it. Gerald was not there. Aw, well sorry. Next up. Instead of sitting on top, he no hugged it like this. No hot jacket you hugged a dolphin jacket on that's in there saying, that's the most unmanly thing I've ever heard. No. Ask him what size his life jacket was. Fine. Fine. What size was the life jacket They gave me extra small. But listen, listen, that thing was tight as frick. Frick. Man, listen. Lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something. You can almost swim, but not quite. You need a little flotation?


Yeah, yeah. Lemme tell you something. Lemme might, lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something. I might have rode the dolphin like that, but guess how, guess how I also rode that dolphin. No exaggeration. No. I, I stood there, I stood in the water like this. My feet were behind me like this. Like a little princess. What is it? No, no, no. Like you guys ever see the little thing on like the little, the little like what is it called? The little box that it spins around? Yes. It's aina. Yeah. Get based down and show The ballerina. Boy. Come on. I was just standing in the water like this. Right? That is, that's a pretty accurate representation. The ballerina in the box. Yeah. That's pretty close. Listen, So like polite, Start spinning a little. No. So the mirror, listen Two dolphins, one on his foot, one on that foot.


Oh, Gerald's in my hand. They're both grabbing their noses. They go on my feet. I tot 'em to put their noses on my teeth. You talk. And then I levitate out of the water and they go through. I don't believe that Aquaman was it? Did that Ashley happen? Yes. No, I was Aquaman. Oh no. And I went like this out the water. And I'm just hovering this, this part above water going probably like two. But Don't 30 mile an hour, lemme tell you. No, lemme translate for you. So that's Cash's version of what happened. I'm gonna tell you the other 30 people who were there, what they witnessed. We witnessed cash again in his life. Jacket without Gerald. Doggy paddle out to the middle of the ocean. Doggy paddle with A boogie board.


Okay. He's, He's Laying, he is laying with his tummy first on the boogie board. And his feet are whack. And he is got his, you know, his little feet kicking behind him like Superman. Yeah. So he's like laying on his, laying on his boogie board. And two dolphins come up behind him. Now mind you guys, cash had twisted his ankle the day before. Mm. So he was extremely nervous for a dolphin to come and push his foot. So he said, I will outsmart the dolphin. There are two dolphins. So instead of having both of his feet back, he crossed one up so that the second dolphin wouldn't be able to touch his hurt ankle. And dolphin did not like that. It was crazy. They said, he said, put your feet out and lock your legs and ankles. And I was like, okay, well this ankle's bad, but the guy doesn't know that.


So I was like, I got an, but there was two dolphins. I was like, I don dunno how this is gonna work, but I'm gonna hide my other foot. So I hid my foot just like this first dolphin grabs my foot, puts his nose right down there. The other dolphin finds this foot, grabs it, ands it there for Me, kicks it where he wants it. He was like, So the dolphin manhandled you the do I told you with the what the Dolphin do to your feet. Like what was the, what was the point? So then the dolphins just like, so you Obey the dolphin While you're on the boogie board. The dolphins would push you by your feet. Like literally just like it was so strong. It would push you by your feet and you just like skidded across water 30 plus mile An hour some say. And It was like, no, wait, how fast was It? Like 30 plus? I say 10 miles Per hour.


I mean it was like, it was like 30 plus I miles Per hour. No, it was like a literally just like a push in water. Like imagine if I came into the water and pushed, Oh, shut up Kate. I had a wake behind me. I did. There was a dude surfing back there. Yeah, No, it was pretty quick. But it also is not near as dramatic as Cashman. It opened my eyes to the sea world because listen, dolphins, you could see someone just going un humanly fast in the water and you would've no clue that a dolphin is just pushing them like I'm talking. You can just be like this in the water. And a do a dolphin can make you go like 30 mile an hour. Just see. But, But the boo your own people off. You know what's funny? I actually thought he was being for real, like about the dolphins, like pushing his feet and him going up in the water.


But then I realized like Cas is so big that the no, like the, you know how like yeah. Dolphins has like big nostrils and stuff. They're like nostrils would like go in and it would hurt them.


Hey everyone, as we dive into the holiday season, I wanna share something with you that's been on my mind between shopping for gifts, attending parties and traveling. It's easy to overspend and I'm sure so many of You can relate. And that brings me to the sponsor of today's episode. Acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, for your kids and your retirement. Even during the holidays. With Acorns, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you. You don't need a ton of time. And You can create your Acorns account and start automatically in investing with the money you have right now. And you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be $5 a day or just the spare change you have. That's right. Acorns can round up every purchase you make to the dollar and automatically invest your spare change for you. And You can get a bonus investment just for buying the stuff you need from the brands you love. Head to Acorns dot com slash lool or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today. Pay client testimonial Compensation. Send possibly promote Acorns investing falls. Risk Acorns.


Yeah. Yeah. I turned that, I turned that dolphin into a pug. Man. That thing was, that thing. Was that PGY at the end? It was gone. Yeah. Pug. That was actually funny. Yeah. And also the rest of the story seemed fishy with that. No. I'll tell you exactly how you can imagine me going through the water. Y'all ever seen Captain Jack Sparrow when his boat sinking and he is just still sailing? That was me, but my boat wasn't sinking. Hmm. Okay. Well are you salty? No, that one didn't hit. I see. Okay. How Did you do it?


So does he do it? So Yeah, that was the, that was one excursion. And then we did our scuba diving, which everyone knows I get sick when I scuba dive, so I probably actually, I get so nauseous dude. And I start panicking underwater. And you nearly Died. Yeah. You nearly died. You Nearly, I like, I literally almost died scuba diving. We didn't know. Nobody knew. I almost died scuba diving and no one even cared. Like it was crazy. If you throw up while you're scuba diving, you die. Yeah. And no one told her that you die. You, you're Just dead. No, you're supposed, if you throw up while you're under the water, you're supposed to throw up into your ventilator and it'll get like flushed out. But you're supposed to throw up because when you throw up, you go, Ugh. And your first instinct is to breathe in arrogant.


But if you're underwater, there's no air to breathe. So you would suck so much water in that you would like literally drown yourself. Dude, listen, I believe that that's true, but I also believe that that is a lie. Because if you got some chunky throw up that thing's not getting filtered through, then you're just Back in that chunk. Yeah. I mean it was, I'm Having to delete my note now because Maverick brought up the dolphin story before. I wanted to bring it up and I'm, now I have to delete my note. And just so y'all know, my note that I'm deleting says I tamed a dolphin. So that's my note. So just so you know, I'm scared to throw up. Like, I literally threw up the Car. I Don't Yeah, like that was in so embarra throw It. It was like scary. It Was scary. And I threw up so silently in the car that Jordan didn't even know that I threw up.


That's Good. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. I would rather throw up silently then. Like, And the whole tarbucks bag got fell To the brim. No, it Really, Oh Wow. I have A gross story that happened. Story in The car that happened to me. I had to empty my bag. He did on an airplane. Have to empty his bag on. I Had You've told this story before? Yeah, I've told this story, but I'll tell the quick version for you guys. It wasn't like The little white bag. Just say it Again. It's been like a year since you told it. Yeah, it has been pretty much. I was on the way to the airport. What was it? A white bag? Yes. It was a Little white bag. Like the, like the white bag. The airport That were Playing? No, this was a brown one. What it was, you know the, you know those like classy brown lunch sack? Sure. It was that. No It wasn't. Yes it Was. It was.


And pretty much I was on the way to the airport. I stopped and got me taquitos at QuickTrip told is at, I told not to 7:00 AM told loves I told Him not to. I said, don't stop at QT for taquitos. You're gonna regret it. Wait, it's Gonna be the quick version. Right. I stopped there. I have bad stomach aches. I'm like, I'm gonna have to pull over and poop on the side of the road. No exaggeration. That's what my plan was. And then it goes away. I go through the airport, I get on the plane, I sit down, we're taken off, and I'm like, oh. Oh, it's bad. No. And then finally we get in the air and it's, it's like bumpy though. This is the worst turbulence I've ever had in my life. We're like, and then thank you for the restriction. I was like, oh no, it's coming.


And I grabbed my brown paper sack that they ironically had in the front. I've never seen the brown paper. S the, a lot of times they're not even there. Yeah. They're not even there on the airplanes. But this one had one. So I grabbed it and I run to the bathroom. What are you doing, Kate? I Was looking. So I felt like my, She was Snapchatting. No, I felt like my hair was messed up. So I was like, Anyways, I grab it, I run to the bathroom, I sit on the toilet and this has only happened twice. Did You pull your pants down to sit on the toilet or No? No. I sat on the toilet with my pants up straight in his pants. Straight in my pants. Well I know, but you're throwing up. So I was saying No, No, no. Wait. Have y'all ever gone to the bathroom at nighttime with a lid down and accidentally go to the bathroom? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Wait, What? Like you are, you're just in the middle of your sleepiness And you go, so You can like walk into the bathroom with your eyes closed And you sit down and you just accidentally go to the bathroom.


But the toilet seat Is down. Toilet the bathroom with the toilet lid down. Yes. What? No way. First it All seems unacceptable for women. If anything, I see how a man could do it. Yeah. But how does a woman do that? You're tired. It happens. It's How do You not feel like, because there's a rim on the toilet. Oh no. I like And nothing is making sense about hours. No, You should know immediately as soon as you touch the seat. Oh no. Gotta lift that up. That is insane. It's too late. By the time you realize it's too Late. That is insane. It's not insane. And I'm glad that that's not an original experience because I've never said that out loud. But it is happened to Me. I just don't understand why y'all would pee on a toilet lid. That's just, well, well I, who said it was pee? Some sometime.


I mean it was, but some sometimes when you like, are going to the Oh my gosh. Harper's. Right? Imagine it was poop, bro. They just, they just don't even know. Apparently they're sitting there just sitting, They Say, oh, helped toilet down When y pooped and like, you'll literally sat in it. Oh, that's What I'm saying. Left it for cash. Wait, is it 'cause y'all try to hover? No, we don't hover until Nighttime. No, I don't let you hover at home. Yeah. Okay. Oh wait. Oh wait. This, I didn't finish my story. Oh, sorry. So I grab myack, I run to the back, all the flight attendants are yelling at me and they're like, sit down, sit down. I was like, no. And I go to the bathroom and I shut the door and I'm throwing up and diarrhea at the same time. Ah. It was a two for one. Just like, and I'm just off With the noise.


I was like Making face like he's animated. He's Like, here. Which one you wanna do? I'll do one. You Can do one. Okay. I'll throw up. Okay. Yeah. Ew. Okay. Stop, stop. Stop. Stop. It. Is that it sounded Yes. Okay. And my bag. No, like, be serious. Tell us how it sounded so we can actually reenact it. Okay. The throw up is like, You mean like we From like the back of the throat or around I, We, I know. Like it from the back of the throat or was like, I Just wanna be brought into the moment. Yeah. Saying and I, I'm throwing up. You didn't tell us how and die. You Didn't tell Us. It doesn't matter. Harper. Just eat this. Thanks. What is it? Put the sigma. What is this? I don't know. I think that's actually Harper's mom's pin.


That's a pin. It Might be. I think it's, I think it probably is Some. And I fill my bag up. My bag is full. And I was like, I'm gonna have to pull an out switch your boo. And I was like, in the middle of all the turbulence, I'm like this. Like, this Is something that has happened for decades. No. And I, I have turbulence. Oh, this is exactly how it's going. And I'm trying to keep the bag steady. I'm like, I don remember this thing's tiny. The room is tiny. Yeah. Tell me like a little airport back's failed. The seat's about this tall. I'm like, and then I was like, Was the bag filled? Oh, oh, oh. You still, were you still leaking out the backside at the same time?


Yeah. It got Stop. Stop. We're done too much. Lemme Tell you all my throw up story because I'm sick of hearing This. You ever have a water hose in your stop? Gosh. Okay. I'm gonna calm down. I, We Okay. That's enough. That's What your butt did. It was still like spraying out. Stop, stop, Stop. Was it really that bad? Oh no. Okay. Stop. I'm gonna calm down. Okay. So I was in the car with my friend one time. We're in an Uber, right? Are you Just changing the story? I'm changing the story.


'cause mine is still about throw it, but it's less disgusting. Good. There you go. And anyway, she's about to throw up in this Uber and the Uber guy's like, I can't stop, but if you throw up that's a $500 charge. I Can stop. I'm not stopping. She's sitting throw up in here. That's $500 a bag, man. He's like, No, I'm looking around like viciously for something for her to throw up in. 'cause she's in the backseat. Where an extra large Uber, nothing. There's absolutely nothing. This man doesn't even have Kleenexes who doesn't have a Kleenex in an Uber. Yeah. Anyways, so the great friend that I am trying to save $500. Hey you. Oh man. Is it plugged in? Yeah. Okay. The great friend that I am trying to save her $500, you know, I take one for the team.


She's in the backseat throwing up in my hands and I'm choking It off the horse. No. And I'm like, okay. Just, I'm sorry. Had to ask. No, now you shut up. You said this story was less disgusting. Argue. This is disgusting. They're throwing up into your Hands. Disgust. I was helping her. Oh, Lemme know. But you're disgusting for getting it all over the bathroom in an airplane that is public Threw, threw up, up in, she threw up in your hands. You were water fountain in. Just wait that Yes. Shoveling the throw. And that, that's called a good friend. No. When did, what was How long? That's called a bad decision. How long Did it take before you got to wash your hands? Oh, like 30 minutes.


Oh, oh yeah. It Was, it was A wash slide. Yes. Wait, hold on. What? What do you mean? Wait, hold on. We're in the middle of hand throw story. Oh, Matt, hold on. She said hold on. Thanks. Can you text? Can you type faster my friend? Do you want me to send it the map? Hold on, sorry. All y'all can un hold. Okay. Oh, thanks. Appreciate it. Sorry. So you're like, so you're holding girl. Sorry. You throwing? Holding Is crazy. I don That's a good friend right There. Here. Wait, I'm confused why you did that. What did that accomplish? Wait, you're telling Me she, so her friend didn't have to pay the $500 Yeah. Fee. I think she still had to pay the fee. No, I arguably way that's road.


I was in an Uber and I was like, can you like stop or something I'm gonna throw up. And he was like, I can't stop. But if you do Where up? We're on like a highway with no sides. Oh my gosh. Oh, so he could not throw. That's what happened Yesterday. I mean that's that's tough. But I'm telling like that's like, like pull over. If I'm saying I'm going to throw up, pull over, pull over it. Like, Wait, wait. I Would not, I don't think I'd Pay. Arguably You can say it's kidnapping. Let me outta the car. Yeah. I'm just wondering where all these brain styles went. Because why didn't you just roll down the window and throw it by the window? She's in the backseat. There was no window. Oh, you can't move to a window. I guess she could have crawled over, but y'all Only, you said you're only, that Was the solution at the window. She Crawled over. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. She's in the backseat. So you're turning around. You're like, give it to me. Okay.


And Yeah, that was their better solution. Hey, you could crawl up here and fill the window. But I got a great idea to stop my hands. No, no It wasn't. It's like this Transfer I got. Oh my God. It was not Scott guys All the way in the backseat. That's crazy. It was quick. Like she wasn't like, oh, I need need to throw up right now. 20 seconds As fast as down. Throw out the window. No, no. It was just like, and I was like, no. And that's how it happened. That's crazy real for that. And you're, but you're telling me not a single person in the car had even like a little purse or something. You know, they probably did have purses, but no one was offering. I would've, I think they would've offered up Dump that purse out so quick.


This, this happened me and Kate recently. We, on our way back from our cruise, we're in this Uber and I'm in drama. Drama. How are you always in drama on the pod? I don't know. Are you in drama all the time? Yes. It's that five 30 drama. It just hits, it just hits different, it hits like crazy. It'd be hitting different though. Oh. And like she's been out of town. Like there's been some stuff she's gotta catch up on like Yeah, exactly. All Sorry. Keep anyways, keep going. No, I wanna hear about the drama. Now we're here on the cruise. I get in the me and Kate get in the Uber and we're Ubering back to our hotel or whatever and or the airport. And Kate's taking a nap in the backseat on my lap. I started to feel nauseous though. That's Why I laid down. Yeah.


Kate's like, I'm feeling nauseous. Lay down this guy. Uber driver's crazy. He gave me car sickness. Kate lay her head on my lap, goes to sleep. And then after like 20 minutes I grab a, I grab a plastic baggie. You try to grab it quietly and I hold it right here. And in Kay's like looking at me, she looks up, she's like, why do you have that? And I was like, I'm feeling nauseous too. She stood up so quick, man. I was Like, yeah, my bad. I should have told you if I was down there, I would've wanted you to tell me. No, I was more Oh, you was just gonna throw up over her head. I was more into a clear, bad, disgusting Through bag.


That's so, It feels so real. It's warm. Do you want movie? Got this plastic bag. Where? Where? Oh, her book was in it. I take a bag. I picked this bag. Yeah. Out and her book's in it. My ice skates book and a plastic bag case book. And my bag. Oh my God. No, that's fine. When I travel So crazy When I travel, I put my books in Ziploc bags when I'm going to like a beach or something to like protect them from the water. Yeah. I Realized that that's a really smart idea because my book is now all like Squiggly squiggly. Yeah. Just sitting on the table outside, near the pool. It like soaked Up all the moisture.


You gotta take a gallon bag and then your husband's probably gonna throw up in it one day. That's fine. Yeah. I don't get car sick. That's crazy. Yeah, I was pretty, I was pretty irritated 'cause I got car sick and then cash had to like steal my thunder and get car sick too. It was stupid. Oh, like the knee thing? Yeah. You just, Yeah. To do that. Did you ever car Sick harbor? No, but yesterday it was, it was weird. I don't know what happened, but it was really bad. Like I, I suddenly just started like I, I was like, ish, can I have the bag? And she's like, don't throw up Harper, please don't do that. I was like, can I don don't do that? And I was like, can I just have the Starbucks bag just in, just in case I'm not gonna, she's Like 500 Charts. Yeah, I was, I was like, I'm not, I'm not gonna throw up. I swear she was like, she's like, okay, I'll just hand it to you. So she hands it to me and it's like the same face Kate made about, I don't know what I'm saying, but which Say it's just like, I got you on.


Yeah. She's like, I got you. There's there is a bag right there. But I'm real. Yeah, But I'm a real friend. No, but I literally was like, I can't throw up out of the window because that's just like, I will get it on the side of the car. Like it's, it'll be good. That's better. That is better be bad. Who Who was driving? Jordan. Oh. So it was really embarrassing. So I threw up and I saw a smiling band up. Mm. That is bad. She's talking about something she ate earlier. She saw That's The first thing you told The story was just as bad as a second. Yeah. So, and then, and then she proceeded To talk about it all day. Apparently. Yeah. And she's Even talking about it on the podcast twice now. I Can't stop talking about it. It's really crazy guys. You Know what you should talk about? Y'all should have been there. Like, it was insane. Yeah, You should talk about that.


I just learned what, who you went to Homecoming with? What do You mean? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Didn't hear about that one. We needed To talk about this and I wasn't sure if we were gonna talk about it on the podcast because this was actually crazy. Honestly. We'll Let you talk. I brought it up. Here we are. Yeah, but I think Kate should take the reins on it. I will. I'll take the reins. Kate. Kate was a little irritated. Take the reins Kate. I was, I was like, why, why? I know why I didn't have anybody else to go with though. Listen to, to cue you guys in Harper. Went to homecoming. Should I say that again? Sure. If you want Now You're here. QU went. Oh, All right. And Q Harper went to homecoming with her ex boyfriend.


No. Oh, Ex-boyfriend. Ex talking stage of Two years. That literally Y'all talked for two years, Right? Harper. Harper. No, I know, I know. It's, it's Have you learned nothing from the, from the terror stories? I told you. Yeah. Well you're, you're living Now. But we're not looking, we're we're talking about the pain. I was saying we're not talking about Wait, you talking about Mike? Me? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You yeah. You, you like ruined you. You Were that guy Bro. You like ruined my life. Am I Thank goodness for you. You changed me. Kate should have dropped you. I Should have. I should not have put up with it. And you should not have gone to homecoming with your as I should have put Up with this. So please, this is slander on my name while I'm sitting right here.


So You slandered your own name so I didn't slander nothing. While we're all here. Let's have a little therapy session. I Lander those dolphins. That's all I slandered. Well, well, so what'd you just say? Let's not say That I slandered the dolphins. Let's, what does that do? You We don't know. Okay. We don't know what it means. I don't wanna Know what That means. So why, why did you go to homecoming with this person? Your Ex-boyfriend? No, Ex ex to talking stage. Okay. Why'd you go to homecoming with your ex talking stage? Not boyfriend, but the ex guy that you kind of talked with. So he's kind of your ex, but he is not your ex. And you like talked to him for like two years, then you came over all the time. He was like, oh my goodness. Like, wait, we need to start this guy. And then you were like, I don't Love This guy. How, how did he ask You? Yeah. Then other things happened that we're not gonna talk about. He asked me, he said, for the a thousand time, can we, or he said, let's try this for the a thousand time.


Will you go to homecoming with me? Okay. And she said, said, yeah. How flattering a Thousands times a charm. That's what I Heard. That's so laddering. I'm so glad you got treated like a queen. My friend Brooke made that sign for him. He didn't even Make it. That's so bad. Are you kidding Me? You know, it's kind of crazy. People are always like, gimme a second chance. Harper's like, I'll give you a thousand, I'll Give you no. Like, that is like, that's not, that's not princess treatment Harper. No, I know. And now I found a new guy. Wait, wait, wait. So did you guys end up actually going to Homecoming together? Yes. Was It fun? No. Okay. It was not fun. We went to this after party. Was It just the worst night ever? Oh Yeah. It was just the worst night. Yeah. Tell us Just the worst. Can you walk us through your homecoming night?


'cause like, we haven't even like talked about it. Wait, y'all actually go to the dance hall? I don all the details. No. Okay. So we got to my house. All, all of us got to my house and then we went to me and Nono. I think that's, yeah, me and Nono, me and Nono and it, it's in Lakeside. So we Is it a is it a restaurant? Yeah, it's a restaurant. So we took photos around there. It's like a good place to take photos. And then, sorry. And then we went to me No, no ate there. And then it was really awkward because like, he like wanted to sit next to me and I was like, I I, I'm gonna sit next to my friend. I'm, I'm just gonna sit next to my friend and wait. So you Didn't even sit next to him? Nope. You didn't sit next to your own homecoming date. So why did You say yes if you weren't gonna like be with like, with him?


Because My mom was there and it was just awkward. And I was like, I do not wanna, like, your mom Probably didn't want you saying Yes. I know she was, I know She was like out there raging. I didn't even tell her that he was asking me. And then she found the sign. So Your mom was like, She found the sign in my room. No. And you were like, Wait, so your mom didn't until she found it after? Yeah. She didn't know. She had no idea. She found the sign in my room. She's like, what is this Harper? Wait, after homecoming? Yeah. Oh, wait or no, no, no, no. Not after home. Like, like it was like the day before homecoming. And then he like came over to my house and I was like, Hey, make sure 10 said, Hey, if we cut that we're back. Welcome back to the show. Somebody said something that need to bleep all you continue with your homecoming date. Well, yeah. We went to me a nono.


He was eating these meatballs. It was disgusting looking and I wanted to throw up right there, but I didn't. I love it when you like go on a little date and he's just so classy with it. You just feel like throwing up. Yeah. Happens to me often. Yeah. You know, it's Just, I'm just like sitting across like you Watching Cashie, just steak with his hands. Yeah. Oh my gosh. It's a finger food. No, but yeah, overall it was pretty fun. And then we went to an after party and I didn't talk to him the whole time. I feel bad. But You got, so you, you, you got asked to go to homecoming by this guy and then you didn't talk to him the whole night? Yeah. You know what? At first. Okay, so you didn't actually go to homecoming with him then? Yeah, at First, you know, I was like, Harper, why would you do that?


Yeah. Like, you're so stupid. I Know, But I, not that date, but I've been not that guy in that situation. But I asked a girl to a dance and she did the same thing you did and just ran off And broke his little heart. Never even danced with. That's embarrassing. And Then with other girls, that Decision, He, he paid for her ticket to go, he paced for them to go in. Oh yeah. I heard. Hey, I've never heard this story. Huh? Oh, I heard, never heard this story. Oh yeah. I, you know, young, young, young man called her dad asked her, Asked her dad if I could, how old are You? I don't know, like 13? Yeah, something like that. Asked her dad if I could go to take her to the school dance.


And I was like, you know, nervous, go pick her up, take her to the dance and Go pick her up with my dad. And Yeah. And then she proceeds as soon as we get in the door, she gone. Never saw her again. It's Like that. I feel like most like junior and I dance map gots revenge. That Night though, I did, I got lots of revenge. I said, you know what, no one's gonna do this to me. This is not gonna happen. At 13 years old, Maverick knew who he was. 11. I'll make a regret this, I thought he was younger than 13. He was like 11. I was like 9, 10, 11. Yeah. And I was like, all right, this will not happen to Maverick Baker. This is not happening. You will not slander me. You'll not slander my name.


And so my sister was there and I was like, all right, I'll dance with my sister real quick, just for fun, whatever. So do a dance with my sister. Yeah. And then everybody sees Maverick Baker knows how to dance. No one else at the school dance knew how to dance. I Can, I can't dance. I know You can. Not a, a chance. Well, if I Can do this, then You can do that. Well, I don't dance, but, Okay. Now that, that's over with. Wait, does anybody know the Beetlejuice lines? 'cause I know them so well. Like The, well, let me finish my story. Okay. So I'm getting my revenge here. So we, I, I dance with my sister and everybody sees that I Can dance.


And they're like, oh wow. Okay. Then I start getting girls lined up, asking me to dance, lined up left and right. They want to dance with me. Wow. To the point they even start paying me to dance with them. They did. And I made a profit that night off that girl's ticket. By not dancing with her, they started giving, are you so serious? I'm serious. Paid for, they started paying him to dance and he, my mom and dad gave him like $5 to like buy a candy bar or whatever at the dance. And he comes back with more money. And my parents are like, what the, how'd what, what happened? And then my dad had to have a talk with him. Like, son, you can't charge girls to dance with you. This is your Tactic with me. They are like, oh, I'll show her. Yeah, I'll dance every other Girl.


I, The first time I danced with her, I was like, oh, I'll just dance with this girl real quick. She'll probably be impressed a little, you know, like little something. And then, and then we danced and, no, no, and then we danced. And I was like, oh no. She knows how to dance. She, she was really good. I was like, uhoh, I don't know if this is a good dance or a bad dance. Now Some might say better, Some might, Might not anymore than Did you dance at homecoming? No. You guys don't dance at all? We don't dance. Does anybody dance at homecoming? I mean, Yeah, we go to the, we dance at real dance Homecoming. Did you go to the real dance? No, I, last year I did though. When I got in the middle of a circle and everybody was pushing me in the circle. So I Start, Wait, so what, what is homecoming? What did you go to An after party? They literally get dressed up, take pictures, go to dinner, and then an after party.


They do That for prom in here too. Like in small towns they don't do that. They actually go to The dance. Yeah. It's like, I thought it was like a crazy thing when everyone, like, they all thought I was crazy when I was like, no. Like obviously no one actually goes to the dance. And they were like in our small towns and I Not in small Town. Yeah. Where we, everybody Got outside of the ranch and where we live in the sticks. No, that's what they reacted. Like, Not in the sticks. I'm talking Tulsa. I mean, Tulsa's a big city. Tulsa's a big city. No, that's, I don, I don understand, understand why you would get dressed up and everything to Oh, I mean, to go. I'm with you. I don't understand. I don Dunno Why Don? Anyone spends like, what do you mean Don't understand it? Y'all do it? No, no, no. I, I actually, I did not. The one time I went to homecoming, I had a free dress so I didn't spend any money.


So it was like I had a free dress and we just went to dinner and it was like, we, you don't, like in high school, you don't have very many events. You get to dress like honestly just ever. Yeah. I feel like there's very few events you get to actually dress up like super nice for So it's like when homecoming comes, even if you don't wanna go to the dance, it's still fun to like get a nice dress and go to a nice dinner and stuff. Yeah. I mean, who wouldn't? I mean it's like this is the only chance you get to go with your ex again to homecoming. To for the thousandth times. For the thousandth times. Yeah. Don't worry. You got more homecomings. More proms. Yeah. Yeah. And you guys can do it for 1,001 time. 1,002 times. Alright. Would you ever say yes again? No. Liar. She would've said that a month ago too. No, I would never say yes again because he is rude.


Rude. And that's a really all I was able To Well, I'm glad that you've learned. Learned and you have matured and done well. He's not rude. I'm sorry. I'm sorry he's not rude. I just, I just don't have feelings for you anymore. Well, let's, yeah, I'm glad you've been. That's what she always says. Glad you clarified that. Harper always says that. She's like, I don't have feelings for this man. Oh, I do. No, I don't. I do. No, I don't. I do. No I don't Harper. I just like you say you don't want, like do you want a boyfriend? No. Or Yeah, I mean, I'm talking. Whoa. That's gonna be weird when Harper actually gets a boyfriend one day. Oh my goodness. How she gets married. She, she gonna be coming to Kate asking for relationship advice. I'm Say I Don Dunno.


Kate Kenzie. You guys might be a bridesmaid. Yeah. Y'all probably will one Day Will. Yeah. Probably not. Most definitely y'all will be. I I I could be something. I could be like something. I could be something. There could, sure. I Can be like, You Can be flower hostess. Hostess. I could. Oh, you know what? I could be what? I've always wanted to be this in a wedding. Huh? Everybody knows. I say it a lot. The ringman, you Guys dunno what I've asked multiple times. Flower boy. The Dj. No, I wanna be the dj. You guys know what I wanna be? I I've asked multiple. The group, the bride? No. What you guys aim like every position besides mine? The pastor? Yes. Oh, the priest.


The Priest. Yes. The afic. The efficient. Okay. You wanna Be a priest? Efficient. I wanna efficient. I wanna hold the power. I'd be like, that was now married. That was, or you could say actually, mm, I changed my mind. I don't wanna marry you guys. You guys Are married then. Yeah. What if, what if the officiant just did that at a wedding? Just Mm. Actually I don't wanna marry you. I declare you unmarried. That would be crazy. That would Be like the biggest hate crime of the century. Yeah. Ruining a wedding day like that. When do We I just, I I I highly recommend you let me and cash DJ your wedding. I'm not, I highly Recommend also. Well, the guy that I'm talking to right now, also, my house is very nice and I think I'm gonna get married to him.


Oh really? This is a step up because Harper's always said, I don't wanna get married. That's Crazy. 'cause like last week you went to homecoming with your ex, so No, it was three weeks ago. But If I DJ your wedding, all you know is I'm gonna do some sick mix. It's gonna be like pizza a queen be It is a new queen. Be It's a new queen. Be Yeah. I Promise you they'll Be a better DJ than dj You can pay for. Yeah. So, so, so can you please tell us about this new man if You're Yeah. Yeah. He's, you were past you. It's out with the old and in with the new Yes. Out with the old in with the new the new Goodbye. Classic gray. She showed. Why Don do we know it so much? High school music show Be thing.


Like, do y'all know I don do Wait, wait. What was, what was the question? I interrupted. Wait, can I, Can I just do something really fast? It's a good, not, I'm not doing anything. I just need to like show y'all my trick, my cool trick. So I'm gonna voicemail with this. It'll like take five minutes. So just five minutes. Five Minutes. What? The We do half of it? Yes. And then I'm gonna do the other part. So on All you gotta do is say my name. Oh, sorry, Sorry. You can have Beto Seal Juice. Speedo Juice. No, lemme restart. Okay. 3, 2, 1. All you gotta do is say my name. Well, I can't say it. Yes, let's play it. Right. No, no, no. Yes.


Okay. No close, but no. Yes. Wow. I'm impressed. And all you have to do is say my name three times. Three times in a row. It must be spoken unbroken. Ready? Okay. Go. Yes, yes. Oh. Oh. It was gonna be so good. Alright. Perfect. How did you remember all of this? I'm so Excited to hear the second house. Honestly. Incredible. Need second. Are you ready? That it? No. No. Oh, that's half Of it. Are you ready? 3, 2, 1. All you gotta do is say my name. I don't know your name. I Can Wait, wait, wait. Restart, restart. Hold it up. Like right into the Microphone. Oh, turn it. I You turn down. I Hold it up Into the microphone.


Do is say my name. I don't know your name. Well, I can't say it. How about a game of shreds? Yes. Let's play it. Two freight. Someone's calling me. All right. Sorry. Sorry. All you gotta do is say my name. I don't know your name. Well, I can't say it. How about a game of charades? Yes. Let's play it. Two words. Right. Second word drink, no beverage, no wine, no juice. Yes. Okay. First word. Okay. Bug. No. Ant beetle. Yes. Beetle juice. Wow. I'm impressed. And all you have to do is say my name three times. Three times in a row. It must be spoken unbroken. Ready? Yeah. Okay. Go. Beetle juice. Yes. Beetle juice. Yes. Be Oh, you're so smart.


A standup bro. I'll think about your offer, let you know. But I prefer my chances down below. People juice, peel juice. Being young and being a people. Yeah. That's all I, wow. Wow. Absolutely magnificent. That was great. How did you remember that? That was insane. I mean, like, you, you know how like You can like remember the lyrics to a song? Yeah. That's like a song, But it's like two parts. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, I I it's a Little more impressive, Like up there with like King of Dolphins type stuff. Yeah. Did you like It? It was great. Honestly. I, I especially liked when you actually sang for a second. Oh, I love hearing your s singing. Me too. I actually heard her s singing kind of looks and I was like, yeah, you sound really good when you sing.


And for some reason she like, Ts Sings for some reason she like, doesn't like to sing. She hates it. Can you like hit the s the porn song again? Like you did that? No. And I Love the Amazing Grace song when you sing that. Yo, that one's banging. That's the hunks Do it. I remember when, I remember when I sang the corn song and I was like, it, it was, I was so embarrassing. No, It was so I think thats, that's And I was like a thing and I was like, I was like to No, you did though. That's the thing. It sounded good. That's a new example. It's cool. Wait, and then you said Big banana And I was like, it has the juice. Can you like sing please?


No. And I was like, I like corn. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, and then, and then everybody's like, oh my gosh. She likes corn. Understand? She likes corn guys. She likes corn. No, but I kind of missed when that song was trending. It was fun. I didn't miss that time. Life was good. It Was a good time. Was good time. I had like good friends. Oh, you Had a good podcast. Us What? That we're right here. Par Harper. That's like crazy to see. You Almost just called her Parker. That How for I Don call you Parker. You're, yeah. How friendly of you. Yeah. Well, my bad. Real quick. We just did the Maddox episode. Yeah. Well no, this is coming out like two months later. Yeah. But we need to know her thoughts on it still. But mom, is this yours?


I don, I Can set a Pen. Yeah. She said no. Oops. Not her. Do You just want us to keep it? Yeah, I'll take it. Yeah. You can Keep it actually. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Oh my. I obsessed with it. I like, I like it a lot. Actually. I Wouldn't put it in your mouth though. I'm not sure whose hands have been on though. Yeah. Yeah. Just mine Love. Just Mine. Matt, why do you have it? Anyways, I thought you were gonna pull That thing off. I kind of wanna, like, even though the Maddox we did, we filmed on an episode with Maddox Batson highly requested. And it finally happened and the episode came out a while ago. But we still have to ask Harper her thoughts Because everybody knows that you acted very different on that episode. Very normal episodes in a way that honestly I'd never even seen.


You acted. It really shocked me. I think you were nervous. I was very, I was very confused about what was going on. Most of the time, I think, okay, I get it. Harper made a bracelet out of her hair. It was kind of crazy. I Got, I got the vibe. So she either was like nervous or she like really for some reason does not want him to like her. Which of the two is it? I thought she was nervous. You can also just not comment if you'd like to not comment On the Situation. Yeah. I'm say, how about the, you Can be Mysterious. How about the, you Here Harper? I'll be like your life. We refuse to comment to that question. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Next question. All right. So I mean, I, I prefer not to say like, that's just not like something I would like to say. Wait, what Did Maddox say? He was like, per chance probably. What did he say? I don't know, but I know when he was out, we talked about you guys kissing.


He kind of acted like y'all did. Maybe. I Know. Yeah. What? He kinda, I was like, What I, I was like, that's kind of crazy. I know. I was like, whoa. But yeah, well, we'll never know. Well That's like the Tu Pop commercial. How many licks, how many does it take to get to the center? No One knows because you just start biting it before You get the world. You never know the world. That's always, never How many licks does it take to get to the center of a ttu pop? The world may never know. Look It, look on the tongue commercial. Like when I was a kid, I'd do that the heart too. Every time I get one of those lollipops, I'd try one, two, I'd give up to like 38. 38, 38. I'd be like, the world will never know. Yeah. The world will Never know. I know. I gotta eat this lollipop quicker than This. And the world will never know what's going on inside her phone.


That's so important right now. She literally, it's like the five 30 drama has hit. You know, You guys have the best flavor. The brown one. The brown one is good. The lollipops. You guys know what I'm talking about. The red ones? The blue one's good. Not the red. Ooh, no. The brownie man. No, that's good. Is that what flavor it is? I don't really not. I bet it's, I Think brown lollipop is kind of insanes like root beer. Oh, it could be Root beer maybe. Because that is so good. Yeah. That's my favorite lollipop. That's a good lollipop. I like the bank lollipops. Sorry. You guys know. Oh, here's Lollipops. Maverick tried to make a song and he wanted us to drop it. It was called Lollipop. No it wasn't Lollipop.


Lollipop was shaking. Make a body drop. It was called Candy. Can maybe Girls, girls go in saying Jelly Belly. You got everybody ready? Double chuck it. Swirl. Hit like confetti call you. This was prior to Kenzie called. I did Not know Ma in this area. Letters. I just wanna call you mine Girl. Girl. Like a candy shot. Yeah. Stop. I don't wanna hear Anymore. You know what, you are just, she's the egg. You're pleading my taste. It was a catchy song. He remembers it from five years ago. Yeah. But it was so bad. But it was catchy. Girl, you like a candy shot? I mad. I don't wanna hear it anymore. She's getting the ick live. No, my favorite line of song Was like Jelly Belly, Belly. You got everybody ready? Double Chocolate Swirl. Hit it like a talking, Just never say Jelly Belly to a girl like Jelly.


You got everything ready? I've Said before and I'll say again. Mav just has a bad case of Well we made it so we have to put it out. The world needs to see it. Yeah. Mav has a case of this song is a hit. You may not like it, but it's a hit. And it was such a hit. You still remember it five years later, you know Platinum record? Huh? We have a platinum record actually. We do. We do. Or Gold. What's it? Gold Platinum. I can't remember which one it is. It's one of those record things. Well, shout out to the Spider-Man movie or whatever. That came out that same day. That's not what keeps it going. Kate? Spider-Man, that was five years ago. Well guys, how about we do freestyle wraps? Okay. Alright, fine. Oh, I'm the worst at this. Me too. We haven't done that in a long time. I feel like it's due.


Do we need a a, a royalty free beat here? I Can play it on my thing. No, no, no, no, no, no. Just let's just do one line at a time. Gom no royalty Free music. No, just, just go. Let's just, It's not bad. Do you play Royal Real One line at a time? We go in a circle. Gom? No, Like an actual Oh, okay. Okay. I see. You Mean like we all work together to make like a really cool song. I think the first three lines, The first First three lines are gonna be hard. Second three, second two. Oh wait, we say like two bars. Yeah. Okay. Or one bar. Whatever you want. Cas is the king of the Dolphins. And he's serious. He's swimming through these bars. He's amphibious. Oh, what? Oh, Why'd you pick words that are not Mable? Yeah. What? No, they called me out. They're a man. I'm curious.


I'm in the deep blue, like beside in. He's so mysterious. Yeah. Keith Ledger kind of questions. Why so serious? We just said that like the same. Everything he's doing got me. So delirious. I don't want to use. And now We gotta, now now you guys want us to rhyme just the word serious. Delirious curious. Us, us, Us, us, us. Furious. No, but like, like that's like eventually you gotta like transition, you know? Yeah. Okay. All right. We start, go now. So you start on one bar. That was great. Mark. Easy words like, dog, cat, tree. Cat. Maybe cat. That's a good one to leave on. Okay. I got a cat. Just say one, One sentence and then I go to another sentence. He goes, you know, All ready? Here we go.


I got a cat. Let me check. Oh, it's in my hat. I'm cooking. I'm Cooking. Oh, it's a three letter word. Bat and like anything. Oh, bat cat hat. Oh, fat, trash, cash. Matt, bat. Can you start Over? You. You already messed up my flow. I was cooking and now I'm no longer cooking. No. Let Maverick start. Okay. Okay. Don't go on forever though. I'm going first. I feel like it's a, You have to do one sentence though. She cut you off. I'm going first. I feel like it's a trap. No, you Got cut off again. All. All right. Go. Maverick. Go. I'm going first. I feel like it's a trap. Maybe it's not.


Maybe it's just an act. Oh, that hard. My name is cash And I really like to play the hundred yard dash. Oh. Ooh. Not gonna lie. The song's real trash. Oh. Oh. But we keeping it going 'cause we going too fast. When I talk too fast, I learned to not rap. Ooh, That was a curve ball. Let me hit it with my bat. Flying up in the air and it hits a cat. Why are we back with the cat? Switch the word math. Okay. We keeping it real like we're all off the clock. I'm not off the clock. I'm just on a rock. Look at me. I brought a clock. Oh, I Don't think you should.


So actually, Okay, gonna stop. Keep it up, Kate. It is fun. You better stop or you're gonna get pushed off the dock. Push out the dock. Yo. Nobody else heard. For real, for real. I'm thinking doc rock. And then I've switched the word again after this. Sock. What did you say last? Say something with the, so just something drop. Oh, push up the pushed off the dock. Yeah. Then I'm gonna pick up that rock and hit you like I'm a jock. Oh, keep it going. Keep it going. Switch the Word though. Okay.


I didn't mean for this to get so deep. How about we try to keep it light? Maybe. Maybe I Can offer you some free advice. Oh, that was pretty girl. Yeah, for a little girl. Do you ride a trike? Huh? I don. No, but you're triggering my fight or flight. Oh, Oh, oh. Shot the fight. Okay, so good. She got me in a fright. Let's go. We keeping it real. I can't ever stop. We gotta go fast. Oh. Oh. I can't do it now. That's the same Word. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, what do you mean Stop clock. Stop. Listen. Okay. This is the last bar. It might be the end Maybe. Maybe it won't be the end of the trend. Oh Shoot. Oh, I see a dolphin. I'm riding Its fin.


Oh, That's a little bit of a lie. He was eating peanut butter out of a tin. Can Out a 10. We'll just leave it a 10. What? Out of a 10? Yeah, just leave 10. Just write me 10. I guess I Can tin 10 Guys, we gotta go fast. I'm not fast. I told you these two people over here slow it down so low. I Told you y'all are out. We'll do last. Okay. Okay. Y'all go. Y'all go. Okay. Okay. This song's so bad. I wish I had headphones. If FOIA had another frick. Y'all, y'all, y'all to do it. Okay. Try to get Ma, try it again. Yeah. Restart. Okay. Harper, you're included. No, we're starting it all over.


Here we go. Back to the start again. She was like, You got it. You got it. You Got it. Okay. I Can do this. Use your Everything. Just Speak. Okay, go. Okay. Say do the same. The same word. We're about to start. Here we go. If we don't go, then we might row. Oh, break my necklace. Watch it glow. Oh, that's mean. We're starting a new flow. If we go to the new flow. What about the clock? Oh, she's switching it up. Don't stop. Oh, she's switching it up. Wants To talk about Glocks. Oh look, I'm gonna go. We cannot stop. Oh, he said Glock. Oh no. Hide it bro. There's a cop. Well if we go to the cop, then we might get the Glock, then we might go to the rar and then we the rar rah.


See the cop at us? So then we have to go to the Glock and then the, we've been doing this for a while. Wait, y'all do, y'all do Just do it. Okay. This Is very Okay. Alright, let's go Mav. Alright, Here we go. Alright. It's gotta make Sense. Gotta make sense. Yeah. What are we, give us a situation. We'll play it out. Yeah. Okay. Maddox and Harper sitting on this couch. Oh. Oh No. We need like, I need like a situ. Like a Like a somebody. Somebody getting robbing a store. Okay. Okay. There we go. Oh, you are the robber. No, no, no. I'm the clerk. No, no, no, no. I'm a bystander. Oh, I'm looking at him. What am I? You can be like A pack of gum On the counter to get violent. I'm sorry.


I'm walking in just looking for a Reese's. No, no. You can say a couple lines if you want. Okay. Or You can say one, two, maybe three if you want. Whatever you want. Stopping for gas. I just wanted to get a glass. Now I'm in the back and I hear something from the front. It sounded like a crash. Oh yeah, it's me. I'm breaking in the glass. I see all these people wondering who I should rob. Look in the back. I see Mav. I'm like, oh no. Did he see me? I hold my breath. I Can feel me suffocating in my neck. I don't want to even breathe. I feel like he's right there. I'm gonna go to the back and see if I Can get outta here. Oh, he goes to the back. I go to the store. I take a Dr. Pepper and I'm outta here, man. Oh yeah. Cash. You don't did that Ron.


But my name is cash and I got the bag. That was horrible. So. So how was the Dr. Pepper? It smacked all along. They didn't know we were both in on it. We had the same flow. I'm back in his car and now we got one Dr. Pepper driving down the 4 0 5. Yeah, that was my best friend forever. Well, on that note, Hard Watch. Thank you guys so much watching this episode. Hopefully that never happens again. Drops at midnight. Let's see You guys next Time. Bye.