
Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance you chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company. Affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Have You ever told the story on here? How old were you about me getting a cyst on my tailbone? I've Never heard it. I don't think I've heard It either. I go to sleep that night and I wake up like every single hour. I'm just like, man, my butt hurts. And so I take this huge ice pack but I just like put the ice pack like right in between my crack and I couldn't lay sideways or on my back 'cause it hurt too bad. How did you lay, I don't know if I should show you. This might not be appropriate Here. Put me in the position Now. Lift your rear in the air. Just Like a year into dating and cash is like in my bed and he is like my head hurts really bad. And I was like, okay. Like here's some Advil. And I just kept giving him Advil and like headache relief and none of it was working. My eye was closing down.


They weren't sure if I was gonna be able to see you again outta my right eye. I was on the phone with Tara and I was like, what do I do? And she was like, Kate, like he might have like a tumor or something. And I was like, frick. Hey Guys, we're gonna be coming to Atlanta, Georgia on June 28th, Charlotte, North Carolina on June 29th and Washington DC July 12th in so many other cities. So make sure to go get your tickets at The LOL Podcast dot net. What's up guys? Welcome back to the episode of the podcast. This is a prompt, please. No, not the props again. No, we're getting Props joining you guys for the beginning of an episode today. Dude guys, I've had a recent obsession with Nessa Barrett.


Really? Really? I'm so obsessed with her. I love her so much. She like her music or like as a person Or, I love her music. She's Good music. She is. Her music's so good. And my favorite song is Passenger Princess. 'cause it starts off I Your I like it a lot. I have not heard that one. Have so good. Have I listened to any of her songs? Wait, is it like popular other song? Yeah. Be my shotgun. I also just like how she like she's been through so much but she's still like her number one song is called Yes. Yes, I know that. But her next What The, can you say that? I Don't know. No, we can't say that.


And we're back. Well, we need to leave and probably just got, yeah, that probably just got bleep. Just Bleep it. I didn't say a bad word, I promise. Yes. Kinzie did very bad words were said. No, I Okay. Yeah, she like, I think, I think that like, I don't know. She's so cool. I like, she's really cool. She's like kind of like a goth or not goth. What's the word? Like grunge, Sabrina car carpenter. That's kind of what I wanna be. Oh Really? A grunge Sabrina Carpenter. But Not, so don't look at you as grunge. I don't think you really have like a rock voice to Be honest. No, I thought, gosh, about to say not so like showy though, you know, like Right, right, right, right. Not showy. Right. Like 'cause your song that you're doing is very grungy.


No, my song, no, because her songs are like Lana Dale Rake and kind of, I Can see that. Okay. I did miss the first like part of the episode that we did last. So did you guys talk about music Video? Okay. Kate still up on it? No, we did before. Yes, we filmed an episode before this episode and Kate missed the first like 10 to 15 minutes of it because she wasn't ready because they Told me two o'clock I I was not a part of that. Yeah, They lied to me. They lied. We had a, we had a guest on the episode Brianna, so they purposely lied to me. So she, so she took Kate's place and Kate is still salty about No, they lied to me. I'm, I'm always on time and they decided to tell me a different time to mess with me. Okay. But I, okay, sorry. When is Brianna getting here? No, that next on the more on the Nessa Barrett.


So basically I was looking at one of the videos when she was younger and she was like playing with her mask and like half of the comments are, she looks like Harper. And I was like, lemme gonna go look at this girl anyway. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Lemme show. Tell us about your music video. Shoot This sweet thing. Yeah. Tell me the same thing. People saw a video of me when I was younger. Younger. And they were like, why does cash look like Justin Bieber? I Can see it. I'm like, I don't know. Dark hair. Yeah, like if I had my makeup done and stuff. Can you, It's funny, I actually, It's kinda like a similar facial. Can You see it? I actually can see it. Send me that so we can pop that up. Kenzie. That's actually what Kenzie look. Kenzie, are you looking? Yeah. Are you looking? Kenzie? That's crazy. Oh, I see a little bit. It looks like me kind of. I can't lie. Love her with black hair.


That's why Looks like grumpy Harper. These These newer ones don't look like you. She, yeah, she, she's gone through a lot but no, like she, but she's Gone through. No, no. I think she looks really good though. But she is really pretty. She's gorgeous. Oh my gosh. Yeah. No. So, but you were, you were filming a music video this weekend. Did you feel like Nessa Barrett when you were filming it? Yes. We listened to Nessa Barrett on the, when we were, when we weren't listening to my song. And I, and I was, I just felt like Ness Barrett, I still have acid reflux from 4:00 AM this morning. Why? Why do you have, wait, what is that? What does 4:00 AM Fucking, what does 4:00 AM have to do Your rest? 'cause I took my medicine at 4:00 AM Oh. And I have acid reflux for some reason. Do you Want Tums? No. Tums. Are they chewing ones? You don't want Tums dude. No, they're the chalky ones. Never Maverick Eats. Does he gross T for That?


What? He eats the Chalk one. Cute. I swear he, his tummy ain't even messed up. He just eats the Tums for fun. Just wait till this. He's always finds Out about about Smarties tum. They lowkey are good. I could snack on him, but one time he told me, he was like, I feel like I'm making myself sick with all these Toms. I'm like, yeah, you probably shouldn't be eating man while you watching your movie. No food. We were, it was the middle of a snowstorm and we were stuck at this hotel in Ohio. There was no food, no, no snacks. They had no snack. We were there for one night. It was not long enough to resort to eat Wasm. Like, I was like, I guess I'm gonna eat these Tums. He resorted to eating his medication as food cash was eating Advil. Okay, you're, you're down bad when you're eating your Medication for food.


Can you overdose on Tums? I didn't, I don't, I don't know how many I haven't yet. I feel like if you ate too many Tums you would just like throw up. I'm not gonna lie. I think Mav not that you were gonna overdose on this, but you did something to yourself when you took that one medicine one time and you were like, oh No, no, no. My mouth. That nearly killed me. Yeah, no, you were, wait, what? I don't remember this when like I took that like alpha brain stuff once. Oh yeah. Oh my Gosh. I thought you were so weird for that. When I was dating you and I looked in your cabinet, It cabinet, it's like a focus medicine to like help you focus. And I was Like, it's like for men only, it was like alpha. I mean it's Not for men only Alpha Brain. And I was like, what the, So you must, yeah. I'm not gonna lie, it's kind of weird. Maverick watched the Joe Rogan podcast and they promote this alpha brain pill and MA's like, I'm an alpha man, I I need the alpha brain.


No. So, and he bought into this alpha brain medicine and he took it and he was like, I'm hyperfocused, what is this supposed I Can get anything done for most efficient in the thanks for telling my story. It, it's like, yeah, it's like supposed to help you focus. And I was in school at the time and stuff and I was like, I'm just gonna take it on days when I go to school and see if it'll help me focus. And then I took it and then like, by the time I got home I was like shaking, like my body was like vibrating. No, but there was one day specifically he was like, Hey, I don feel too good. And I was like, what'd you say? He was like, I don I just, I'm not feeling too good. And I was like, what? What did you do? Oh yeah, my mouth. And he was like, he was like, well he hands me the bottle. He is like, I took like five days and I look at it and It's like, I'm supposed to be ultra alpha now I'm, I'm supposed to be super alpha and I'm just not.


You're not alpha at all? No alpha. But he's like, I'm like reading the bottle and I'm like, it's like literally one pill is like 500 milligrams. And I'm like mad, you're only supposed to take like one to two a day. And he is like, well I thought if I took more I We call more and his mouth is like going numb and he is like foaming. And he is like, Oh my God. He literally was like, I don't feel so good. And I was like, go, go like gag yourself. Make yourself throw up. And he is like, it's too late. I've already taken, I why late? I've already way Than they need. Like I Can don dunno. Why, why can't I just see Maverick taking the pills? Like one, no, I'm gonna be a big alpha man, I'm gonna take five. I was like, if one makes me focus on magic five, But it was like, it's one of those medicines that like literally it's, I don't think it's like prescribed obviously 'cause he ordered it, but it's like brain altering clearly because, because it helps you focus.


Yeah. I don't think any brain altering medicine is good for you in general. Guys are so my brain don altering, Just like Sitting on the couch heard somebody say they take eight of 'em and I was like, It says to take one. Yes. That guy took eight. So I was like, that guy died. I was like, I could take five probably I'd be fine. I was not fine. No, I was so cooked. He was, he was like shaking and like slurring his words and he was like nodding off. I was like, I didn't know if it was like serious or if he was being dramatic. So I didn't take him to the hospital or anything. 'cause I was like, I'm sure he is fine. I was Like, I'm fine, I'm fine. Unfortunately I just, he just sat on the couch. Unfortunately will be the guy that dies because no one takes him to the hospital because he cries wolf too often. What? Maverick's always baby.


What if I ever asked to take me to the hospital? No, ma is, does that ever happen baby, when he's sick or if he doesn't feel good? So the time you actually don't feel really good, we're all gonna be like, oh yeah, mad. Yeah, if I was beginning he's just gonna be like, I have never said taking An Austin. I also Well I Did ask you now you on the other hand stop trying you on the other hand, this around have went to the emergency room because you woke up and your neck hurts. Stop trying to flip this around on me. You woke up in bed and said my neck hurts. I have to go to the emergency room. Yeah. Mad. And you know what? My neck wrong. I slept on it wrong and I have to go to the emergency room right now. It's a diagnosis call an ambulance called crank neck call an ambulance called Crank Neck. Okay. I got crank neck. Crank neck. You wouldn't know what it's like until you have crank neck. You looked the doctor in the face and he was like, yeah, you're fine kid.


Go home. You go. No, I'm not, I'm not fine. And you know what neck? You know what neck what? The second time I went to the emergency room and the doctor told me I was fine because they gimme five seconds of their time. It's like, it's like you're in a relationship that you're private, desperate. Oh I've God. Also their attention also, you also went to the emergency room for a toothache. No, not a act. No Toothache. No. Listen. Yeah. But I'm the one who cries. What? No, no, no. I'm telling you when I go to the emergency room. Well I have to know who told you you have crank neck? I'm telling you I have crank neck. He made that up. Not really. You know what, I had it two nights ago too and I woke up and I saw not be on being so for real. I actually have a slight effect of it right now. Oh my God. 'cause two days ago I got it.


And you know what? But then I knew what it was, so I was like, you know what? I just can't move for the next like two hours. And I did it and it finally faded away. But the toothache one, it's like when I go to the emergency room, I'm begging for attention.


Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company. Affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company. Affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company. Affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


I'm just like a locked puppy. Like please someone un pet me please. And these doctors that I paid thousands of dollars. I was pretty mad. Yeah, these doctors that we paid thousands of dollars gimme none of their attention and they shine a flashlight in my eyes and they were like, mm, you're good. Go home. And then turns out I had arguably one of the worst cases of a toothache toothache ever. Yes. And it had to get tooth heads do hurt but not Emergency removed. Yeah. Thank No, no. I had to get my tooth surgically removed at 2:00 AM Yeah. And a dentist came into his office at 2:00 AM woke up outta of bed and came into his office. 'cause he saw a picture of my tooth and he was like, that's frick. I was like, that is so dramatic. No, You don't understand because he actually, I would argue that they're both very dramatic when they get a little like fever.


But this time I was so mad because cash, like he, he like tooth If he's, we've canceled shoots because you have a headache. Don't call dramatic. So A headache. No, I've never canceled a shoot for a headache. Thank you very much. But we've only canceled shoots for me because of my church issues. 'cause I, no, we've canceled. Shoot, Barbara has a lot of church issues. We've Canceled she To church for many reasons. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is good. But, but tell tell him Kate, tell how down bad I was. No, this and I wasn't being Dramatic. No, this no, this is actually crazy Kinzie. So I was, we were like a year into dating and cash is like in my bed. And he is like, my head hurts really bad. And I was like, okay, like here's some Advil. And I just kept giving him Advil and like headache relief and none of it was working.


And finally likes Why you don't believe in Advil now? Like, your head will be hurting. I'm like taking Advil. He is like, no, I'll just let it bang around. Yeah. But I kept giving him Advil and like anytime I turned my bedroom light on, he was like, his eyes were hurting, looking at the light. And I was like, after a couple days, like something was not right and I was like, nothing's working. So I was like, let's just like go check you out or something. And so we ended Up, it was bad. It was known as the seven days of pain. Yeah. He, It was like Seven every day got worse straight by day seven. You, you not wanna be there. He was supposed to fly back to LA but he, he just missed his flights was crank tooth. No, no, no. He was supposed to just go home crank. But he just skipped his flight and just stayed at, stayed in Texas. 'cause it hurts so bad. And so after a week of just laying in my bed, like dying in the dark, I was like, we gotta take you somewhere.


So we took him to the emergency room and we go in there. Well, no, we went to the Are you gonna tell all seven days of this Wait in your, in your bed in Dallas? Yeah. My bed at my parents' house. We went to three doctors before this, during that week. And none of them gave me any of their attention. One of them gave me a shot. We went to like care now. Well that's Because you went to doctors for a toothache. No, no, no. We went to Go, you go to a dentist. I, We didn't know it was a toothache. My tooth wasn't hurting. It Was a Headache. Yeah. Know I've heard the story. Yes. I had, my eye was closing down. They weren't sure if I was gonna be able to see again outta my right eye. And then the back of my head was hurting very, very bad. And we thought that they thought my blaring was bleeding. Yeah, They did. Me, I was on the phone with her and I was like, what do I do? 'cause like I didn't know what to do and she was like, Kate, like he might have like a tumor or something. And I was like, Frick, Cassius got a tumor.


Like I gotta save him. And I was like, get in the car, we're going to the emergency. Was she freaking out? Yeah, she was panicked because it was like, I called her every day and I was like, Hey, he's not getting better. Like, what should I do? And she was like, well, maybe just take him to care now. Like every few days I was taking him to a new place. And finally after I took him to care now they said, if in two days nothing is better, go to the emergency room because something is wrong. And so I was like, okay, two days later he is not better. And we go to the emergency room and they're like, I don they, he literally sits in the emergency room for four hours. They walk in there, shine a flashlight in his eyes. They Say, open your mouth, shine a flashlight in his mouth. They're like, nothing's wrong, can't help you's crazy. I'm on The phone with Tara's. It, that's all the time they gave me. I'm on the phone with Tara and I'm like, and Then they slap you with a bill for $4,000. Yeah.


And she's like, I'm gonna talk to this doctor because he needs some sort of head scan or something. 'cause something is clearly wrong. And she like talks to the doctor and they're like, they're like, Nope, nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. Wait, what if he did have like, that's what I'm saying. I was like, I was like, something is wrong. Like in his head and they're not giving him the attention. And so I was so mad. And they give him this like super, super strong pain medication and that's all they do. It was nice. And so he takes it good and then a couple hours later he is like, I'm feeling better. 'cause like the pain medication. Yeah. And so we end up going to a New Year's Eve party that night. And halfway through the party he is like, we gotta go. Like, I can't stay. 'cause Is this one Where you wore underwear? You mean a diaper? No, no, no. The new year. EI wore a diaper to a party.


No, the one where you wore the like heart underwear? No, no, no, no. That was Halloween. Oh, okay. That's a story. I guess I've wore underwear to a lot of parties. I realize. Yeah, he's he's been under dressed quite a few times. He didn't wear, but Anyways, no, it was only underwear. Why Did you wear a diaper to a party? 'cause it was a party. Duh. It was another Halloween party. He a big baby, a Halloween. Okay. He was a big baby. So anyways, after the next day per usual, his granny was in Texas and we were, he's still not better. So Tara's like, okay, come to Oklahoma and come see our doctor here because they'll give you more attention, like better than what the hospital here did. So he drives back to Oklahoma with granny, and he goes to their doctor. And what even happened at like, I wasn't there. Well, no, I was gonna go to the doctor the next morning and we get to Oklahoma and it's like 11:00 PM and I'm not kidding, it's 1:00 AM and I'm just sitting in a hot shower and I'm like, I can't, I'm, I can't do this anymore.


I'm going to have to end it tonight. You know what? And I didn't know how it was gonna end, but something was ending tonight. And I was like, I'm going to either bang my head against the wall until I'm knocked out something. The pain was so bad, you don't understand. Okay. They thought my brain was bleeding. It was bad. And By they, he's saying me and his mom. Yeah. Not the doctors People did that was more going around is that my brain was bleeding and I had a tumor possibly cancerous. We didn't know. We're gonna find out. And I was like, word on the street. I'm not kidding. You could've gave me anything and I would've taken it eight alpha brain pills line there, pop 'em. I would've taken anything to make, to just numb the pain. Have you ever, You Don't understand. And I, I couldn't numb the pain. And I get outta the shower and my mom was like, I found a dentist.


This is like 2:00 AM She was like, like I found a dentist and he wants me to take a picture of your mouth. And I was like, wait, was It the toothache? Well the well she, we started thinking like, well Just listen to the story. Oh yeah. Okay. And my mom sends a picture to this dentist at 2:00 AM Anna, but What was hurting? What was his head? So, But then you, it wasn't My tooth. After researching, we realized a lot of times that there's something wrong with your teeth. It affects your head. Because My tooth was so bad, the nerve was dead, so I didn't need it. Or the part of it was, I don't know, something. He cranked nerve, I cranked nerve. You you wanna understand crank neck. But then my mom sent a picture of my mouth to the dentist and he was like, oh, that's bad. He, and he was like, he What did it look like? Brad? Through, through an I don Android picture.


The Dentist? Yeah. Samsung of that. Yeah. Oh my God. The dentist could tell just through this crap, like little like picture. And he was Like, that's me. He needs to come in now. So the dentist got outta bed at 2:00 AM to come do like an emergency like surgery, surgery on my tooth. And I'm not kidding, by the time I got there, They drove to Oklahoma City. I, I laid At 2:00 AM Oh my gosh. I laid on the table, dude. And he didn't, he was like, I told my dad, he was like, you're gonna have to be my assistant 'cause I no one's here in the office. And my dad was like, okay. And so my dad was his assistant for the surgery, which is never good. And he literally injects me or whatever with like the, the medicine stuff. And he puts a mask on my face, like a gas mask. And he puts me to sleep.


Did it numb pain. And that's when we found out he worked for the cartel. And he wasn't a dentist. I'm kidding. No. But he put a gas mask on me and I, I went to bed and dude, I'm not kidding. I was just like, as soon as he put the gas mask on me, I'm awake, but my whole body's going numb. And I was like, So you have been under anesthesia? And instantly the second he drilled my tooth, he went, all right, Here we go. Wait, But were you asleep? No, I was awake. Oh. And he gets a drill out and I'm awake and he gets a drill out and he's like coming into my mouth and I'm like, oh no. And he like drills out the tooth and the second he drills out the nerve and kills the tooth. It was like 10 outta 10 pain to zero.


I was like, Ah. It was like instant relief. Okay, I'm Done. What instant Did something like drill like? Well, no, because there Was, he, he, he killed the nerve. So the nerve was what was affecting all of my head and everything. So the second the nerve was dead, it just all went away. And I was like, ah, I'm done now. But then my mouth and everything was swollen up, so I was like, thank you sure much. An I We like, we had Video, First of all, H man Gone. This is so insensitive of me. Have I told this story on here about Cash's, Like leaving a review. He's like, if you have crank tooth, No, this is so insensitive of me.


But when I was taking cash to the emergency room, I stopped to make a TikTok and, and he was like really upset and like, hurt and it went like, got like 1.4 million views. But look, I was like, just like trying to make a TikTok, but look, he just looks like dead. Aw, Let me see. He was so upset. Wait, I, I wanna See. And everyone was like, I was like when he was sick and didn't feel good and everyone was like, you're not taking care of him, but just look, that's the face of a man that's been in the dark for seven days. Let me see, just this video. I was just like hitting a TikTok dance. Oh God. See that video? Yeah. So, Oh, I just looked pretty dramatic there. Yeah. But just, no, he had been in bed for Like seven days. Me. Have I ever told the story on here? How old were you? Sorry about me getting a cyst on my tailbone.


Yes you have. And it's funny. I'd love to hear it again. Wait. Yeah, we told it on the Cys on our tailbone. Wait, I've never heard it. I Don't think I've heard it either. Did it? Rup It if you sat on it? Or maybe this was just a combo I had with her then, but yes, she had a cyst on a tailbone. I just had this One-on-one conversation with cash cyst on my tailbone. It's so weird. You'll never have one-on-one conversations. And when you do want a Tailbone insist, That's concerning. So did you crank? It's my freshman year of College. She had tailbone crank. It's my freshman. Y'all Don't Wanna crank on the, you don't wanna crank on the tailbone. I believe cash. He said he had the worst seven days of his life because I had the worst seven days of my life.


Was it craziest With your tailbone? With my Cranked tailbone? Yes. I thought the worst seven days of my life being a headache was bad. I couldn't even imagine my tailbone being the worst seven days of my life. That's so Bad. You can't even sit


The number one selling product of its kind. With over 20 years of research and innovation, Botox cosmetic, A botulinum toxin A is a prescription medicine used to temporarily make moderate to severe frown lines. Crow's feet and forehead lines look better in adults. Effects of Botox cosmetic may spread hours to weeks after injection causing serious symptoms. Alert your doctor right away is difficulty swallowing speaking, breathing eye problems or muscle weakness may be a sign of a life-threatening condition. Patients with these conditions before injection are at highest risk. Don't receive Botox Cosmetic if you have a skin infection, side effects may include allergic reactions, injection site pain, headache eyebrow and eyelid drooping and eyelid swelling. Allergic reactions can include rash, welts, asthma symptoms and dizziness. Tell your doctor about medical history, muscle or nerve conditions, including a LS or Lou Gehrig's disease, myasthenia gravis or Lambert Eaton syndrome and medications, including botulinum toxins, as these may increase the risk of serious side effects. For full safety information, visit Botox cosmetic dot com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0. See For yourself at Botox Cosmetic dot com.


Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote. Explore. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy. Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company. Affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Yeah. You just say, ah, It it started off light. You know what it was like, man, my like, my butt kind of hurts. You Know, I relate to that. It's fine. You would. Who said that? What, what? Who said that? You always like do that? He's, I don't even know what he said. I Can relate As he sits on all those chairs, they're very comfort. That's why I Can relate this chair. I Can You got crank chairs? I got cranked tailbone right now as we're speaking. Okay, keep going. Okay. Anyways, it started off really light right? And I could walk around. It was fine. It was just, it was very uncomfortable when I sat down. Do you have A new product in your hair to slick It back? Yeah. Why? No, it just looks good.


Oh, thanks. I just wanted to feel it. Okay, keep going. Sorry. It's the brioche. Oh, Ah, okay. So the tailbone tail? Yeah. Oh, okay. So like two days had gone by and it's just so uncomfortable at this point. And I get up at like five in the morning for workouts. I do my workout thing and then it's time to go to breakfast at 7:00 AM with the whole softball team. And I walk into the cafeteria and I go to sit down and I'm like, oh, I'm not sitting down like that, that that can't happen. That hurts. That man. That hurts. And so they like sit down, you're like, okay, The Entire Kenzie walking with their lunch tray. She's like, No, that's, that was literally me because every time I put my legs together it hurts so bad.


So I would just walk around Again. Was the why walking around Like a western cowboy. She said she's just gonna draw on you at any moment. Wait, was the cyst that big? So where you couldn't put your Legs? I didn't, I didn't know that there was anything. I just knew that it hurt. Okay. And so I Can can't sit down in the cafeteria. I'm like, well this is weird. And so I stand up the entire hour and I just eat my pancakes and I'm like five foot taller than everyone else. I'm like, wow, this is nice. This is what you feel like, huh? Okay. And then I go back to my dorm room after the entire day is over with and I go to sleep that night. And I wake up like every single hour and I'm just like, man, my butt hurts.


And so I take this huge ice pack. I don't think I told this part to cash, but I just like put the ice pack like right in between my gr yard So bad. In between what? In between your gr And what? Yeah. Well, I can't say it again. I don't know if that should be on. What Is Ryan on the internet? I don dunno what she said either. Okay, I'll break it down. She said she put an ice pack in between Her crack. Oh. Like, like but, but like, not like, actually It had to be done. It's funny now, but Oh dear Lord. She actually did it. It was right in between there. It had to be be done. You don't understand the pain I was in. Okay. I believe it. Imagine if like you Oh, if that would've stopped Cass's tooth, I'm sure he, I would've know whatever it needed to down there.


No, I, I needed, I believe it. I'm telling cash Is like an, he's gonna remember this. Kenzie one time put an ice packet was a peanut Cracker. Stop the pan. I must, Matt walks in, I have a headache. He's like, whatcha doing? I'm like, I'm putting an ice crack down my butt. Hold on. Okay. Imagine you walk in on someone putting an ice pack down their butt. Did you have roommates? Yes. He's my freshman year. So I'm in like a, a dorm, but I, my bedroom. Please tell me you had a, a dorm, what's that called? A roommate? A roommate? No, I had like suitemates. Oh, okay. So technically I had a door to my bedroom. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I mean it, I never locked it. So if anybody were to walk in, they would've seen me on my little twin bed and I couldn't lay sideways or on my back.


'cause it hurt too bad. How did you lay? No, I, I don't know if I should show you. This might not be appropriate. Okay. I We, what the heck were you doing? I'm realizing this is not okay to say She's so concerned. She's like, I don dunno if I should show this. Okay. Here, put me in the position. Yeah, I would demonstrate. Okay. Get on, get down there. Okay. Basically. Do you know how to do the cat and dog? No. I just told you I can't lay on my side. It hurts Too bad. Yes. Okay. Now lift your rear in the air.


You not just parting. It's not just part. Why did you just part? Sorry. You're disgusting. I don being in position. But you, you're sleeping like this. Okay. Yes. No, but without your Knee, with the ice Pack. What? Scare all over my eyes. I'm like crying. That's impossible. I feel like you, you would've to duct tape it until you, did you crack that big? Yeah.


How is it staying? Okay. But anyways, I finally get like three hours of sleep. This is day three. Okay. I don, I relax, I follow My eyes. You got most of it. Yeah. You're good. It's day three and I'm like in pain. The next morning when I wake up, I've taken like all kinds of medication to try to make it stop hurting. Did It kind of help? A little bit, but it was still really painful. I couldn't even walk to class. So I skipped a full day's of full day of class and practice. Which you do not do. You said practice. Well, I called my coach and I was like, I you don't understand. I can't walk. Wait, what did your coach say When you said had I got prank too? Was He was just like, what?


Because He is also a man and he Was just like My butt. He was like, periods like, What? Probably that's what he thought. And I was like, I I would never skip practice. Like this is serious. Never. I'm so sorry. I just, I can't even walk to class because we would also get in trouble for missing class. Yeah. And he was like, okay, well just let me know when you're better in college. Like, he was very confused. College. Yeah. It was my freshman year. Wow. And so you played Softball in college. Cool. And so now I'm on day four and I'm like this, I can't do this. Like I, I can't even get in my car to drive to the doctor. Yeah. And my freshman year of college, I lived seven hours away from home and it was so bad that I was like, mom, you have to come get me.


You live seven hours away. You have to. So she took off work and she drove seven hours all the way up to Oklahoma where I was to get me. Where was she in Livingston. Where? Where's that At? Like South Dallas. Down by Houston. Oh, Houston. Oh, okay. Yeah. So she drove up there and got me and took me to the, to the doctor. And apparently I had a cyst on my tailbone. Oh my gosh. And it was so bad. And the doctor was like, oh, I'm glad you came in like today. Because if you would've waited like three or four more days, it would've gotten so big that we would've had to cut it out. And I had had a friend. Did you rupture? No. No, no, we didn't. Oh. I had had a friend who had the exact same thing, but I didn't know it.


My mom knew about it. And apparently it had happened to her like the year before and they had to like cut a hole into her butt, basically. I don So another hole. But that don't sound good. Yeah. I mean, you've got two holes now that just seems inefficient. Okay. Yeah. That's not gonna work very well anyways. It was crazy. I not gonna lie, I had a gaping hole in my head, but I was Swear. I'll show you. You can see the scar. The scar. All right. Lemme show you the first. I don't See a scar. I don't see, wait, I'm not done. Wait, you can hold escape. Kenzie's like, wait, wait, what? I'm not done. Wait, I had a meteoroid in my head. Sorry. Let happen. Sorry.


Kenzie. And, okay, so for a week after that I miss my college classes and practices. And I have to sit on, it's not a donut. It, but it's similar to a donut. Oh, I know what you mean. And that's the only thing I could sit down on. And when I went to sleep, I couldn't lay down on my back. I had to like keep a hinge. And so I would go to sleep in my dad's recliner like this. Oh my gosh. I slept like that for a week. That's so bad. Yep. That's so bad. Okay, well can, can I show you all the video of my gaping Hole? Oh, I don't wanna see anything coming out of it. Yes, Please. Let me see the video of your gaping hole. No, but then I told my uncle, I was like, I'm glad that everybody can relate. 'cause we all have a gaping hole somewhere. You know what? Your uncle, I, I don't have any, you know me personally, I don't.


No, I don't. I don't have one though. This, this is the hole in my head. My uncle asked if that was a nostri. Looks like a belly button. No. Okay, let me, let me show you. Look. Wow. Oh my gosh. It looks like you got shot with one Of those pee guns And he did have a gaping hole in your Head. And then, wait, look at this. Is it from a pimple? No. Yeah, it's from a pimple. Oh, Ew. Oh. Oh my gosh. Wait, yo, it literally looks like you got shot with a BB gun. I, I did. I think. I don't, I popped a pimple. All this puss came out and then there's a big gaping hole in my head. Dunno how that happened. Ugh. Wow. That wasn't just like a pimple hole that was like, you literally had a hole. Had A hole, it was hole. Like you dug the pimple out with a knife.


It was so bad. And then everybody was like Gunshot wound too. Everybody was like, what happened to your head? And I like, I don't know why, but I love popping nice pimples. Dude. Me too. When too, when they just shoot all over the mirror and it's just like The way it shoots in the mirror is kind of gross. It Is, but it's kind of satisfying. It's gross. But when it finally comes out you're like, yes. I don't feel like you those Mirror. What do you mean? I mean, yeah, I don't, Matt look atm, he's like the one human being that doesn't get pimples. There's guy, I get pimples and he was sleeping and I wanted to pop. Like he his blackheads. Why are you looking at me like that? Nothing. Oh, he wanted you to confirm that Mav doesn't get pimples. No, I was looking to see if Kenzie has them. Oh. But she has makeup on so I can't tell. Good. Yeah, I couldn't put makeup on this morning.


I was too tired. I was like waking up and I, I physically couldn't. Oh really? Those eyelashes are natural. Yeah. Hey, well you know I got a lot of pimples when I was like 16. I feel like I got a lot of pimples. No, you never had pimple pimples. I got some and then they just never came back.


When you hear Lululemon, you probably think of a line yoga pants, weightlessly soft like you're wearing next to nothing. That's why you see them in class at the grocery store and in the park. But did you know about skirts with built-in liner shorts? So you can still jump for the Frisbee and tanks and body suits with a lines iconic stretch. You won't wanna take it off. And with endless style options, you don't have to shop in store or online@lululemon.com.


You know that one friend who somehow knows everything about money. Yeah. Now imagine they live in your phone. Say, hey, to experience your big financial friend, it's the app that helps you check your FICO score. Find ways to save and basically feel like a financial genius. And guess what? It's totally free. So go on, download the Experian app. Trust me. Having a BFF like this is a total game changer.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40%. Off terms apply.


I had a really bad acne. Which is Crazy because you of all people with the diet you have should have the worst acne. No. That's how it always happens. The people who eat more like sugar intake Don't wash their face. They literallys diet is like a birthday cake essentially. That's, it's just his diet is birthday cake. I do not eat very much in general. Me neither. And that helps. I think. No, I think y'all put way too much food in your body and it's like, I don dunno what to do with this pimp of all. First of all, you eat like four times a day. Not True. I pimple to face Every time we're doing anything. M's. Like we should eat first though. Like, I'm not kidding. Yeah, but when we to I, We were go our grandpa's go's funeral M was like, but we should probably eat first. Did I do that? Yeah. And you, you had to stop at McDonald's on the way to the funeral when we were lowkey late.


No, that was the, was the dinner. We were the pulpit carriers. Dude, that was the dinner. Not the funeral. It was the dinner. No, it was the dinner. And I knew there wouldn't be food to me at the dinner. Well we were the pulpit carriers and we were late. No, that is not why we were late. And we weren't late. I don't think we were late. Yes we were actually I don't anything. Sorry. Not what's that called? It's not pulpit. Casket. Casket. Pole bears. Pole bears. We were the pole bears. Yo, I like, anytime I eat it's just like unhealthy. What the It's really bad. No, I don't eat anything good. You eat, You eat good stuff. Eat, eat. Chipotle's Healthy. But I used to but not anymore. If I ever eat something, it's like either something like really bad. At one point in my life I was only eating yogurt dude, because my ooc D told me everything else was Poison me.


All I eat is Chobani yogurt. Really? That's it. Sponsor me please. No, I'm not kidding. At one point in my life, all I ate for like three months consecutively Was Chobani flips. Yes. I, because I thought Cho, I thought everything else was poisonous. Do you Remember that one time she was like, I tried to fake throwing up. So I put a Chobani flip in the toilet. Yes. And my mom knew it was a Chobani flip. She's like, Harper, is that one of the Chobani flips? It was so bad. I just imagine going in there like, that's a Chobani. Did you double down on it? Were you like, no, no, no, no. I was like, No mom, my stomach it hurts so bad. No. But yeah, no. Does When you throw up still, does your mom like come comfort you? Yeah. See my mom stopped comforting, comforting me at like 16. So I just decided to stop throwing up.


Oh, true fact. Haven't thrown up since Every time I throw up it's not true. You've thrown up since. No, I Haven't. Mav You have, I remember you throwing up. What, what did I throw up? I don't remember, but I remember you going, that's crazy. 'cause I haven't thrown up since I'm 16. And I feel like you said that like multiple times. I feel like just every time you throw up you just like block it outta your head. Oh, he's calling you out right now? No, I Say I feel like I'm gonna, Nine is Ay, Next time I throw up, film it so that way You can be like, look, you threw Up. That's all right. Every time I throw up Kate runs away. And then she screams at me from an appropriate distance, which is outta sight, outta mind type of distance.


So she's just screaming at me as I'm currently throwing up. She's like, Ka are you okay? What's going on? Do you need any napkins? Ka how's it going over there? And I'm like throwing up. I'm like, please, there's nothing worse than throwing up than hearing someone ask you questions as you're doing it. Or like when you're at Dentist and they try to ask you questions. I'm So scared of throwing up Oh's. Like, Kate's like, are you still throwing up? I'm like, okay, I'll be there in just a second. I need to, I need to be better about not running when you throw Up. No, I just need silence. I don't need to start hearings of questions. I get outta there when I see somebody throw up, I run. I like have a phobia or whatever it's Called. Yeah, no, I, oh gosh, what was I, oh, I don't like throw up.


I don't Like it. I hate the people that throw up and when they're throwing up, they're like making out with the toilet seat. They're like, dude, thank you. That's, thank you. So disgusting. Oh my God. And you. I know you do it. I know. Definitely do. Because I a photo of you One time I asked for a thumbnail image and I was like, we need a thumbnail image of like you throwing up in a toilet for a video. And Harper was like hugging the toilet, told all over it. I was like, that's not a toilet from Home Depot. That's a used one. No, I hate when people, you Told me hug the toilet. You no, You like call me off this thumbnail. And it Was, when I throw up, if the torts right here, I'm like, I make sure I do not touch it. I don't even want my knees on the ground. I'm like standing like it's a girl thing. I'm telling you when girls throw up, they're like this, they're like hugging the toilet. Like One time.


One time. I'm with So Disgusting. I'm with a few of my softball friends and we're going through the Whataburger drive through. Oh my God. And one of them has not been feeling well. And she's like, I have to go to the bathroom right After the Whataburger. Well Leo we're in the line to get it. And she's like, I'm not feeling good. And I'm like, do not throw up in my car. And she's like, okay, I'll, I'll go into the, to the Whataburger bathroom. I'm like, you're gonna throw, okay, whatever. So another girl goes with her and they come back and the girl who's fine, she shows me this picture. Homegirl is hugging the Whataburger toilet with her head resting on the toilet Seat. If you're that sick, I would be in, Yeah. I was like, oh, not the Whataburger.


That's way more disgusting than you throwing up. Just throw up on yourself. I have a story. I was in Jordan Matter's car and I was on the way to Disneyland and I did not feel good at all. We just got off the plane and my makeup was done. I was in this dress like a free people dress. And I was like, Hey Jordan, I think you need to stop at a restroom somewhere. Like I, I do not feel good at all. But I was like trying to keep it in. I was like, I, I'm fine. Like I'm fine nonchalant. And, but my mouth was like watering. I could tell that I was about to throw up. Oh gosh. So I go into the bathroom, I strip naked because what are You like, so like hot Though? No, I was, I was like, What? I Can wait. You were gonna throw up? Yes. Harper was like, guys, I'm gonna throw up.


What are you doing? What's going on? My mom was at the restroom with me. She's like, why are you, why are you unclothing? And at one point I was just sitting on the toilet totally naked and my mom was looking at me and She was like, what are doing Jordan? Pull over. No, they were in a bathroom. No, I know. I'm saying like, pull over. I had to go in the bathroom and get naked. Like what? I turned around and my butt was just Facing my mom and I thought I was gonna throw up. And she was like, she's like, are you gonna throw up? And then I started pooping. No, you are not. You're making it up. Liar.


This is not true. Liar. Okay. Okay. That the pooping fire was saying. But, But no stuff up. Mom. Mom was like, he been there. Then my mom was like, okay, let's change out of your dress. 'cause this has been on the bathroom floor. So I changed out of it and gone to this other outfit. And, and then I, and then I got back into the car and we were on the drive and I, I asked Taylor, which I was like, can I have the Starbucks bag? And she's really scared to throw up. Oh. So I was like, I, I was like, I was like, oh yeah, I just want it. And she was like, she Want it like, like throw up in it or anything seems At me. She's like, are you gonna throw up? And so she grabbed the bag and handed it to me and I just stuck my face in there and I was as quiet as possible and I didn't make one noise.


I Can you gimme that Starbucks bag. And it was So bad. And then Stanley shook her head out the window and, and my mom and Jordan didn't even know that I threw up 'cause it was so quiet. But my Was this The first time you hung out with them? No, it was like the third time. Oh. But it was So bad. I feel like we're always talking about throw up and bathroom stuff and all that. We are, what the heck is wrong with us? I feel like we always are, but, and I know I've said this story before, but when you have to throw up and you have diarrhea at the exact same time, And I don't think this happened. I've never had that. Yeah, it doesn't happen to those people. But let me tell you, you don't know what facing a decision is then when you have one toilet and you have to throw up in diarrhea and you have to decide which one you want to go in the toilet and which one?


You don't want to go on the Toilet. I mean the smart person would just pick up a trash can. No, not in sight. You're on an airplane. You have to choose one. You Were on an airplane. Yes. With bad turbulence. Very bad turbulence. You have bags though. No, that's, well that's when I reached out and I was like, Oh my God, gimme a bag. I'm on the toilet. And I opened the airplane door to the flight attendant. Wild turbans. Kinda like bag please bag me. I used A bag, Airplane bathroom for the first time a couple months ago when we were going to LA and I was like, oh my gosh. What do you mean? For the first time I had never been You've flown a ton of times. Yeah, But I had never used, 'cause I'm like, I don, I like too. Wait, so you have to go and you're like, Just hold it.


I'm confused. Why? Airplane bathrooms can't make 'em a little bit nicer. Like it's a freaking $200 million plane. You can't add like a little gran top. They make it like a porta-potty. Yeah. They're like, let's make it look like a porta pot. Oh my gosh. Did I tell You'all? We were at the, oh, Mav was with me. We were going to play volleyball the other day. And this poor guy is in a porter potty outside of the, the volleyball courts. And we just pass by and we just hear, And the port body is shaking. And I was like, oh man, this guy is not okay. Wait, why are throwing up in a porta body? I, no, I throw up on the grass. Yeah, I'm grass type to the bathroom. It's natural. You're, you feel earth fine.


Yeah. It's, it's recycling. Oh My gosh. It's all fine. If I had a freaking penny for every time cash had to run outside the gym and throw up in the grass, I'd probably have like four, four after big wage. But no, he literally, he's done it multiple times. He's like, 'cause he works out and he makes himself sick. And then he'll be like, and then he just go, sits on the curb and only Throws up only on like day. Yeah. It's almost like only on, oh, you, he's like, but it, a Busy's only done legs four times. Me and Alex. Wait, I have a picture of it. Me and Alex are in the car and cash is like throwing up outside. He is like, nah, I, me and Alex are panicked. We're like, no, I can't run. Have you ever thrown up on a run?


No, I don't run. I threw up on a run. You can't do it if you don't run. Have Y's ever, Have y'all ever had like really bad diarrhea and y'all had to stand up on the toilet? Stand up. Yes. No, I Can You stop making stuff up. I'm not, It's, yeah. No, Look at this. No, This is such a bad picture. Let me see.


Today's show is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play in this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote. Explore To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company. Affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


I mean, Pathetic. I shaped like a letter. It's, I literally, I literally just look like a pathetic Wrote Shade. But Wedding was a picture of that house. Like If you shaded in the outline of your body all black, you would look like a letter things, Oh, he so tired like A child. They put on the history channel where they see Sasquatch. It's a live photo. Like, look. And not just wait, I at least I wish you at least got the throw up in it. Just Look, you're just like on your hands and Knees. I'm convinced he was so tired at that point, like a nine Yearold could have came up and just been like, yeah, you put that in. Just started kicking him. And he's like, please, no, please. It was so bad because Alex and I were like in the car and I was like, oh no, it's, it's too bad I can't look. But I had it. How get out.


I kind to get a picture to send in the group chat because, so Funny. Was that funny out there in that field right There? No, it was like outside our gym. Oh yeah. That's so bad. But this morning my sister, she woke me up like four times and she kept yelling in my ear and I finally got up and she's like, Eure a fake tan. She's so I know, I know what she means. I wake up to Kate sometimes and I'm like, no, there is the smell of self Tanner. No, my sister, I literally walked to her. I was like, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm awake. Reese like, please go. And she's like, Eureka. Self tan. And then slams the door and walks away. And I was like, what are you doing? Like, No, that, that's way to made me feel Good. It smells like Fritos. It Does Like, 'cause one time Fritos. Yeah. One Time.


I think it depends on the brand. I never thought of it, but when Yeah. Get uses the Fritos. Yeah. You use a Frito brand. I was in a hotel room with my friend Brooke, and she was like, guys, I'm, I'm gonna smell like Fritos. I hope that's okay. And we were like, huh, Fritos. She's like, I just myself, Tanner, I I have like a gradual tanning lotion that I put on every night and it smells like Fritos. And she put it on every night. And I was like, it is smell like Fritos. And I realized that that's what my tanner smells like is Fritos. Why don't You just get like roses smelling one? Well There's, there's no self tan That smells good actually. Yeah. Unfortunately every single brand smells like garbage. We Need to make one. You should. We should. And if You can make one with the formula that smells like vanilla bean or something, I will Buy it. We might just like sell out.


Yeah. But no, it's just 'cause like the good, like there's only a few like really good brands that You can use if self tanner. 'cause the other ones are like splotchy or don't show up Good. And it's just Like, what one do you use Bond Loving Tan. Loving Tan? I do too. I've never used Bondi. Oh, Me neither. Oh yeah. But like I, I use that JLo Brand. I still wanna self tan one night. Oh, I just wanna go all out. Wait, let's Do it on Friday. I have to self tan. I just wanna self tan. Walk out and see what y'all think. No, I Gonna get you the ultra dark Platinum tan. I don tan go dark. That's what I have. That's the darkest option. We possibly Can I just be dark? No. Get a spray Tan. Funny. Wait on an episode. We should all, you know how they do the spray tans and they have like little tent? Yeah. Everyone should go in there and we should spin the wheel on what shade you get. But you don't we don't know what they got until they come out.


That's so Funny. That's actually hilarious. We need to, It's like self tan roulette. This is, this is light. Oh, whoa. Look My little, well it's just because her elbows are dry so it collects there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, hey, how was the music video shoot? It was fun. Look, my knees are dry too. Oh, Does your mom? Wait, why does it My mom was That. Oh yeah. She like, she like, do not say that. And I was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna self tan. And she was like, yeah. I just don't really understand self tan because most of the time, no offense girls, but it just looks splotchy and looks like you got thrown. Does this look splotchy? It doesn't look good. Oh. It just, it just kind of looks like you're dirty a lot of the time. It always looks like they're dirty. It does not, it does not look good. That's my Look. My tanner, You don't look tan.


I don, I don't see any tan. Pull up your knee. Like if you Look at my, It says she got a light Shade. Yeah, I do have a light shade. Look. Look, Look at my ankle. Look at my ankle. Yeah. Yeah. That looks, yeah. I mean, your ankle looked like you stepped straight well's. When you get Like ultra dark, like if you, I use the, I use a medium shade so it's not like Me too. That, that, I don't know why it stayed like, but what I was saying was the music video was a lot of fun. I was so scared. You were scared of the makeup artist when you left here. Yeah. And then she came, Was she gonna get you with her brushes? Okay. No, she Didn't. I thought your makeup looked really Good. I did it. Oh. But no, I mean, I came prepared with my makeup and she did my hair and it looked so good.


I loved it. Oh nice. She, she was really good. Yeah. And then she like touched up my makeup during the day and stuff and it was so fun. And yeah, It's How did she do your hair? Just with a curling iron. Oh. Oh, okay. Nice. Yeah. IY Y'all, oh, Go ahead. I saw on Chase's Instagram story that it was like a bed with a vanity. Yeah. Did y'all do multiple scenes? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, all scenes. I never was on the bed though. Oh, okay. I, but I, in my free time I slept on it. Oh. So that was good. But no, yeah, no, it was, it was so much fun. And I met this girl, she's like an influencer. Her name is Paris Hilton and she, she's Like an influencer. Her name is Paris Hilton. No, I'm kidding. She's not Paris Sullivan.


But her name was Paris and she was Australian. I was, wasn't that a famous person? What's up Paris? No, she's like Australian and she was so sweet and she was the girl who cheats on, or who my boyfriend cheats on me with. Oh. Oh, nice. Ooh, Wow. Yeah. Oh wait, speaking of which guys, we haven't talked about this in a minute, but the tour is coming up and Harper might be performing her song. I don Dunno when your song's coming up, but it might be performed on tour. So if you guys have it, if you live in, wait, what cities do you think we'll be at? I think, I think this will come out right before tour, actually, this episode. Oh. So yeah, we'll do cities up. We're doing like 17, 18 cities in the us. We're doing Canada, Ireland, the UK and Australia.


So if you guys live in any of those places, go to The LOL Podcast dot net to get your tickets. We got a lot of cities coming up. Yes sir. I We have. I be so fun. It's fun. A New song. Oh gosh. I see you wish. Oh gosh. It's gonna be so good. I'm excited. But yeah, if you guys live in Atlanta. Charlotte. Washington d dc Philadelphia, New York City, Chicago, Cincinnati, Oklahoma City, Dallas, A lot of other cities. Yeah, we are doing so many cities. Wait, so you guys should go get your tickets because tour is about to start. Yay. And then in my music video, there was a dead butterfly and I ate it and the legs were just in my mouth. Oh my God. What the dude. One time when I was on San Monica Pier, I had a bunch of sand. I did, I don know why it's on video too.


Mouth was like, eat the sand. And I just did it. Did You say that there's a, in your video, there's a girl that you're like, supposed boyfriend cheats on you with crazy because at freaking this weekend, oh, I got a headache. No. Wait, what? Oh. Oh wait. Are you gonna talk about the cheating scandal? Yeah. Oh yeah. Don't talk about that yet. Oh, that's for next episode. So if you guys wanna hear us talk about the cheating scandal that happened, tune in for the next episode. That will be coming out after this one. Thank you so much for watching. We'll see you guys next time. Bye.