
When, when we were on tour in 2022, we were in a city, I don't even remember which one. And we were on A bus. It was Boston, was it? It was Boston. I, We were In Boston. I don't He could be making that up completely. No, I remember. Anyways, we were on a bus and there was one bathroom and it was like common courtesy, like, you don't poop on the bus. Like you just don't do that. And so I was like, I can't, like I have to, I have to poop so bad. And we were like at a venue, like the show was that day and like fans were inside with like the early access tickets doing the meet and greet and stuff. And so I was like, Ugh, okay, fine. I'll just go in the venue. And so I was going and to the venue and these girls knew who I was and I got like in conversation with them and they were like super sweet, like such sweet fans.


And we got in conversation. Yeah. And I'm not even joking. 30 minutes, I'm sitting there, I'm like, I don, are You squeezing your cheeks? Cheeks are being squeezed. Wow. Okay. Let's not say it like that. Just Like this. Let's not, let's not, let's, let's, Why do you do things like that voluntarily? Like no one asked you to do that. All of the earth are gone. Oh, that's how hard they're being squeezed. Okay. So I, I wish I did. So just imagine Kate doing that. That's why. Okay. I'm in this bathroom and like people are in and out and I'm just so jealous of all these people that are like getting to use the bathroom, but I'm just like stuck in the conversation. Jealous of The bathroom. Are you inside the bathroom or outside the bathroom? If we were in the bathroom and there were stalls, I'll tell you what, she's right.


I've never been more jealous than when I have to use the bathroom and somebody else is getting to use it. That is when selfishness, greed, everything will come out. I like kept trying to, like, I was, I didn't wanna be rude, so I didn't wanna just like stop talking to them, but I was like trying to wrap it up and then we'd get on another topic and it just wouldn't end. So finally I was just like, Hey, this has been great, but like, I really like, I'm literally about to poop my pants. Like I have to go. That's valid. Did you tell 'em that? I Did. And she was like, oh my gosh. Yeah. To like, for sure. Totally do your thing. And I was like, thank you. I expected them to like leave the bathroom and maybe catch up with me later or something. They waited outside my stall And it was just, oh no. Were they listening to you poop? It was, I was like, are you like waiting? You're not using the bathroom.


This, this is what they heard. Hey Ken, can we get your, Oh my God, wait. No. Imagine. You know, the awkward crack and the salt. They're just, they're just looking like, no, I was so awkward. Looks like you're about to. Oh my God. I kept waiting for them. And I like, I know, oh my gosh, I, if They Say this, I don't want them to think that I was mad. 'cause I wasn't. It was honestly funny. And I still laugh about it, but I was just so, like, I can't, I can't poop An audience. You're a nervous pooper. Like, yeah. I, I'm, I can't do it with an audience. So finally I just like poop stood in the stall waiting for them to leave and they wouldn't leave. And I was like, okay, nevermind. And I like walked out and I You Never went?


I don't remember, but I remember like literally like five minutes later I was like, okay, I gotta find somewhere else to poop now since I can't. And I literally walked up and down the streets because we were like in the city That Lucy, she walked into McDonald's and then she had to do it on the full circle. And I found like some like weird market and they had like a locked bathroom and they weren't letting me in. And I was like, no, listen, like I, you gotta let me in. And they were like, Hmm. I was like, please Dude out some of those where they're like, oh, we don't have a bath. It's only for employees. I'm like, well, I'm gonna poop all, I'm gonna poop right here. Or you're gonna lemme use the toilet. Oh my God. Gosh. An employee today. Yeah. But that was, that was one I was like, and I got back to the bus.


'cause I remember after, after the venue, I was like, crap. So I went back to the bus and I told her mom, I was like, she waited out outside the stall for me to poop. I didn't know what to do. I just couldn't. And So then she was like, I just Imagining the silence. It was just all the silence and they're just like waiting to hear the poop. They're like, I just, I don't, I don't hear nothing. Kate, you weren't lying to us. For you. You do have to poop, right? Wait, Kate, you still never said why you hate the episode. I hate this episode. You just went off and you were like, I hate today. It, I hate, I know why she hates it. It just gave me off a bad vibe. I know. And then you just didn't answer. It just gave me off a terrible vibe. She has to be a man for this episode and she hates men. Do you hate men? What?


Do you hate men, Kate? No, I don't. I heard you listen to this. Tell us your claim. I Feel like this, this episode everyone's hostile and I don't like it. No, it's giving off a bad vibe. 'cause of this rainbow chair. This Rainbow chair does smell like cigarette smoke and bedbugs. So I don't really know why I'm sitting on it. No, But Kate, why don't you like this episode? I just, I didn't like how I came upstairs. I film on the podcast and then my husband followed shortly after wearing a one of my dresses. And it wasn't that dress. It was a lot, it was a lot tighter of a dress and I didn't like it. And I said, that's not funny. You shouldn't wear that. She, The other dress did not. It didn't, they don't like how risky. It didn't compliment his features. We'll say that. They don't like how risque I dress as a female.


You need to dress a little more modest. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. It's just like, like, I don't know. I don't, you act Like I'm an actual female wearing the dress. You looked like a naked molera in the other dress. It was bad. Like You actually, it just literally, I was like, oh, that just looks wrong. Like that's, Yeah, that's the joke. Dude shouldn't be wearing dresses. That's the joke. That's why it's funny. When I wore it, It's a, it's just like, I don't know. What's That girl's name? Sam. Sam Puckett with a butter. So yeah. Yeah. The one that her mom actually forced her to act. Oh, Jeanette McCurdy. Jeanette mcc. Mcc. Oh, Jeanette McCurdy. Yeah. And she made a book. I'm glad my mom Died. Yeah. That was a crazy, oh, that's a crazy book title. You haven't seen that? She's not smiling. No, she's holding, she's holding ashes.


An She's Like, I'm glad my mom died. And she's Like, it's actually really, I listened To it great thumbnail. It was really good. I think it's good too. And she like audio booked. It. It was literally like listening to that was like listening to you just like having a conversation with her. It Didn't sound like a podcast case with Kate was ebook in it or whatever. And I thought she was listening to a podcast 'cause Jeanette was reading it herself. Mm. Yeah, It was really good. I will. Kate, would you be okay with cash kissing another girl on a, on a movie? No, for just three seconds. You gotta remember how much he's getting paid too. What about, what? About a million dollars? What the, wait, it's a three second kiss. Nope. I'm not, I'm not looking at anything that tells you how much money Kate makes. That she was fine with not, she was passing up a million dollars.


No, no. That tells, I always wondered how rich you guys were. Now I know that with you. Well, you're just gonna say yeah, no, with you. No. What I what would you let Kate kiss another guy on for a movie? Oh, absolutely not. I genuinely for a milli, I genuinely don't even care if it was a Billy. Oh really? You wouldn't. Oh my God. Crazy. You really wouldn't. No. A billion dollars. Nothing for a three second kiss. No, no. Y'all are crazy. Dead serious billion dollars. He's ugly. He's a, he's like the, like this guy is like trashed. Does he look like you? No, he's not trash. If she's kissing someone.


No, no, no. He's gonna be be like freaking Jacob from If, if he looks similar to Mav, then sure. What? Oh, that was really mean. And you should apologize to your brother right Now. Please forgive me. I can't believe you Remember that. I've seen all the movies. Really? Yeah. Have you guys ever seen Planet of the Apes? Apparently this is how aches forgive each other. Everything's my fault around here all the time. Ma what was that? What was it the other day? Wait, hold on. Wait. Some random thing. And it was my fault. What was that? Oh, oh, I forgot the chocolate in our white carpet. Oh Yeah. Okay.


White carpet. I'm thinking there was, there was liquid across like our whole house. For some reason there Was this sticky substance. I, okay. Which I pointed it out. I found the sticky, sticky substance. I left in the morning at like 8:00 AM and I didn't get back until probably like nine, 10 o'clock at night. Like, I was gone all day. When I left, the sticky substance was not there. And when I got back, we believe it was not there. Just to clarify. And Okay, I'll say because I was here for both sides of it. Kate's gone. Me and Ma were home. And Mavs like, what is this stuff all over the floor? We're walking in and he, he points it out. Like I, I literally saw it like in the glimmer, glimmer in the sun. And I was like, uhoh, there's a sticky spot on the floor. We gotta clean that up before Kate gets home.


Yeah. Whatever that is. And then we start looking at him. We're like, it's everywhere. And then Matt was gonna start over the house. Matt's gonna start cleaning up and I said, don't clean it up 'cause Kate's just gonna wanna re-clean it and we're not, you're not gonna clean it. Right. And Kate's gonna wanna like redo it. So I was like, just so just leave it and Kate can just do it however she feels is right. Because Kate gets angry if we try to clean stuff and then well, she'll just reclean it. I don Okay. Angry. I appreciate the effort. It's just nobody can do it to my standard. Actually, what are you gonna say? What were you gonna say? Go ahead, finish the story. And then Kate comes home and I'm like, Kate, look at all the sticky stuff. And she was like, I can't believe Ma did this. Like, that was just the first thing she didn't say. I, We don't even know what it's yet. Like. Well, I, I really, I still believe it was you.


I don't know how you did it, but you were the only one who could have done it. Maverick. What does That even mean? That it's just a marick thing. You're The only one that has that talent. I was gone the whole time before I got home from dancing. Came straight up the stairs, went to bed, woke up, walked out on the porch, walked back in, and I go, there's sticky stuff all over this house. So who, what do you think it was? Listen, I think it was, I think it happened days earlier and we just didn't notice, you know, who has real anger issues here? I'll be real like, not like, like wouldn't expect them to like hit someone. But if like there's a door getting slammed in the house. See him trying to deflect right now? No. Okay. I'll, I'll, I'll listen. I'll be the median here. All right. 'cause I'm I'll honest.


You know what I'm saying? I'm the, I'm the middle ground Maverick is the most likely to hit someone. I'll take that. Really? Yeah. I'll take that. Most likely hit someone. You'll take that. Oh, I, I agree. Like once I'm mad. It's not that I'm outta control, it's that I don't care. It's not gonna hit you. That's god out control. But anyways, I'm, I'm very much in control. I'm hitting you. Mav is most likely to hit someone or damage your property. Like don't really damage property. Not an accident. Like slamming a door. I mean like grabbing your TV and smashing it. I don't do that. But I feel like you would. No, I have done that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mav iss the most likely to cause damage to you or something you hold dear. Like he's not gonna just like break something you don't like.


He's gonna take something that he knows you like and break it and Yeah. And Kate is definitely most likely to slam a door or slam a door. What else? Scream. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Maybe, maybe maybe raise the voice and yell. Yeah. What am I most likely to do? You? Well, Something would cause the problem. Yeah. What the, that's a hundred percent. What Am I most likely to do? Have a lot of attitude. Oh, so much too. Yeah. It's all there. The dude is crazy. What do You mean attitude? What do I mean? Yeah, I mean R-E-S-P-E-C-I can't spell respect. That's the word I was trying to spell.


What? Wait, wait, what? The lack thereof of respect. Yeah. Just A mom. Mom over the corner. I'm having a crisis 'cause I'm actually about to be 20. What is It with the You live kidding girl stick thing you're just always playing with, you can't ever set it down. It's the weirdest thing. I know. I like fiddling. Kate has been having a crisis the amount of times. You know what she, she said Something at least like once a day. I say it. She said something today. I won't say what it was, but she said, but I don't want to tell my parents or something. I was like, you're almost 20 years old, you don't gotta tell. It was like a stupid thing. And she's like, no, I'm only 19. I was like, yeah, okay. Well you're almost 20. She's like, no, I'm 19.


She can't, she can't accept the fact that she's almost 20. You say 20 teen. I, I'm literally gonna, I don't know. I don't like thinking about it. I like being a teenage girl. What does that mean? I Just like being You basically. You get for guys teenage Girl or something. No, I just like being able to say, Whoa, When I hit a curb, I Can say, sorry, I'm just a teenage girl. When I, when our bumper, when our bumper hits something. Sorry. I'm just a teenage girl. Like, you can't get mad at me for being a teenage girl. I Can. No, they're mad at you for hitting the curb. You only, you're not mad at the age, but You only have 10 more years Of good, good, good years of your life. You only has seven. That's really sad to say. That's a terrible thing.


That's sper. I'm 27. You Had three more good years of your life. That's not true. First of all, I mean, I've been telling my friends once you're 30, you're over. No, I'm peaking at 30. Whatcha talking about I was getting older too. Dog. I'm peeking at 30. They Literally had to cancel playlist. Why? He's Gone. What do you think? I would've, you would loved play. You would've ate playlist. Oh my gosh. You would love a playlist. It was literally, it was literally like, creators show up. Yeah. And fans buy tickets and it's just at a hotel. And they do like, You spend the whole weekend hanging out with your fans, hanging out with creators and Just like in a hotel. And then like at night they would host like these creator parties. Like they rented out like AAL Studios, univers. And then it, so it after hours, like after 11 and we were all there. Yeah. And it's just creators, no fans.


So it's just you and like your friends and like, like other creators and you're just filming content Universal and doing stuff. One, they did like a giant waterpark. So there's no, because like the whole universal studios, there's just like no lines 800 do whatever they want. Like, it's So fun. Yeah. They stopped doing it though because people weren't buying, like fans were buying. I Don't tickets, I don't think fans were buying tickets. Like we went, we went in 20 tickets were expensive. We went in 2022, which was the last year. That was the only year I went. But that was the last year they did it. And like even then I could just tell that like the amount of fans compared to what y'all, what I saw y'all go to and like 2019. 2020. Or maybe not 2020, but like 20 18, 20 19. It was not the same. No. You know that. It's actually so Brutal. And I actually was just, just realized that when I was in school, I don't know if it was like this for you, but like, especially in elementary school.


'cause you know, your parents put money into your lunch account and then you go through the line, you buy your lunch. Well, if you didn't have money, enough money to look, I'm, I'm trying to check the time. Have to be outta here at seven in two minutes. No, they said to, To, they said seven 17. They said like seven 15 we're good. Oh, We're good. I Heard seven. Anyways, if you didn't have enough money, you would like get through the line. You'd get all the food you want and then you'd get to the end to check out. And if you didn't have money, they would take your tray outta your hand and they'd give you another tray with a grilled cheese, which wasn't a grilled cheese. It was two pieces of bread with a cold piece of cheese in the middle. What? The cold. And they Didn't cook it. They didn't, and they give you like a rotting apple. But the way they took, I remember the way these lunch ladies took these trays, like you got it loaded up.


You got like all the goods on here and they snatched it away from you. And they're like, mm, no. That's so sad. It was actually so pathetic. And I actually, now I'm thinking like, what about those kids who, like, that was the food that they got. Imagine we went to school as the lunch ladies, please. I don't know how to cook. There has to be some kind of volunteer program We can do. There's gonna be some way we can do that. And then just like, and I wanna be the one to prep away the trash. Yeah. Mine. I took my parents' car a lot stole. I did theft. I didn't have permission and I didn't have a license. She took GTA to a new level. Y'all boys playing GTA at home on a Xbox. It was a Mazda stealing car. Phoenix X nine. Calm down. Why does that, what what type of a car?


That doesn't matter. Don't worry Officer. It was a Mazda. I'm nevermind. You're all good. No. Okay. But my friend, my friend and I, We like took, I didn't have a license and like my parents, you know, would go to work during the day, during the summer. And so yeah, most parents go to work during the summer. Yeah. And so I went to her house and picked her up. Middle of the day. I went to her house and I picked her up and we drove like 30 minutes away to the, we don't have a beach near us, but we're the girls. How old are you? 15. I might have had a permit, maybe. Oh, Kate was taking her car so young. I was, I was driving at 14 without a license or a permit. You would take the car at 14? Yeah. And I would like, that's Confidence. I would've never done that.


I would not have done that. Never. Yeah, never. 14 at At 14. You steal the car. I was driving at 14. I went stealing it though. Yeah, mom. But you scratched that thing. Can I? No, no, no, no, no, no. At least lemme practice in the, I got Harper. I got, I got in so much trouble. Actually. Get a license. No You didn't. And I, or a car. You didn't get in trouble, Kate. You never got caught. Wait, did you get caught for stealing the car? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Continue telling Harper about, hold on, hold on, hold on. Your story about how to steal a car and not get caught. So not that Harper needs to know this. No. Wait, did you, do your parents know now? Yeah.


Really? They do. Yeah. Are you in trouble, Harper? Still? You gotta put the mic. I, I think my dad kind of realized, because like when you take a car and you drive 30 minutes away and 30 minutes back, the gas is not where he left it at. You know? So it's like, obviously someone was driving this car and it wasn't me. You Didn't at least fill it up after you stole it. I Didn't have no money to fill it up With you. Me. That's crazy. That's actually, first of all, do most people, that's still cars polite, filling back up before they turn. Yeah. That's not polite to just leave the car on E. Yeah. And second of all, very stupid way to get caught. I Didn't think about that. I did not think about how the gas thing would like go down. Can you, You can tell I was not actually a driver last minute. I decided that I was just gonna give you guys a one woman performance starting now.


Oh my gosh, Barry. I can't believe we've been together for almost a year. I know, sweetheart. It's crazy. Time flies. We are having fun. What do you think we should do for our one year? How about, how about I take you to Nordstrom Rack and we can get you to get Good, good. Get you a good little gift. How fair. You really know how to woo a girl. Cut to the next day at Nordstrom Rack. Hi. Welcome to Nordstrom Rack. How can I help you? See this pretty lady right here? Yeah. Me and her celebrating one whole year.


Oh, Barry, you don't need to flex like that to everybody. We meet baby girl. I sure do. I sure do. Look at you a dime. Oh, fair. What can I help y'all with today? Well, I don't actually know what I'm looking for, but maybe you could help us. Yeah, follow me. Barry watches her walk away. Barry, what's that look going on about?


Nothing. I was just looking at you sweetheart. Okay. Hmm. Okay. Over here is our sale rack. We'll find everything you could ever need at Nordstrom. Well, thank you. Dollar. Yeah, thanks. They bought my gift. Oh wait, I don't really know what happens next. I didn't plan this far in advance, so we'll cut to the next scene.


Oh, Barry, I've been loving my gift you bought for me at Nordstrom Rack. I knew you would sweetheart. I knew you would. Now what the main character doesn't know is that after they left Nordstrom Rack, Barry went back to Nordstrom Rack to get the employee's contact information because he thought she was a pretty girl. They've been texting ever since. Who's, who's texting you? Barry? Oh, nobody. It's really, it's nobody. Nobody. Oh, well if that's the case.


Hello? Hey Barry, it's Shelby from Nordstrom Rack. I know you remember me. You came back yesterday to get my information 'cause you thought I was pretty. Hey, no. I's not really a good time to be honest, so I'm gonna let you go. Who was that? Barry? Who was that? It was just the Nordstrom Rack employee. Why in the World is the Nordstrom employee calling your phone?


It's not like that. It's just not like that. I figured that she could get us a discount. You know, when we hit our two year anniversary, she'll get us a discount there. I'm fair. You're so sweet. Always thinking of me like that. Yeah, babe, I got you. I know what you like. Okay. Don't try and look at my phone though, Barry. I fully trust you. I would not try to look at your phone cut to the next scene. They're in a McDonald's parking lot. It's a McDonald's and a seven 11 gas station combined. So they're pumping gas and eating McDonald's.


Except Barry is sitting in the front seat of his car with the Nordstrom Rack employee when the main character comes in to McDonald's and sees her boyfriend's car at the gas pump. Oh yes. I'll just take a McChicken. That's it. Just a McChicken. Thank you so much. Okay. I am gonna go now. Go out to my car. You know Shelby, I don't mind sneaking around with you like this. This is the best of both worlds. I get you.


And I get my homegirl from day one. It works out. Yeah. So honestly, that's what I wanted to talk to you about is this can't keep happening if you're still with her. So let's figure something out. Okay? Okay. Oh my gosh. Oh, Duck, duck. Get down duck.


Hey, hey sweetheart. I was just thinking about you. What in the world was the Nordstrom Rack employee doing in the front seat of your car? You see, I was actually talking about, I was talking about you to her. That's what was going on here. Okay. Okay. Now listen, listen. You remember how you was, you was saying you need a job. No, Barry, I have a job. I've had a job for the last two years. You're The one who needs a job. You've been bumming off me ever since. You know, times are hard right now. You know that.


Okay. Parents kicked me out. I'm only 25 years old. They kicked me out. What the freak do you want me to do about that? Huh? Huh? I've applied, but They Say that they're too busy in my Prison record. They can't hire me because of the prison record. And you know that, well, maybe you shouldn't have stole a car when you were 14 years old. I had somewhere to be. You just wanted to kiss a girl. You were just going to meet her to get the girl. If I could insert myself in this. Not now. Okay. Not now.


Barry, listen, you gotta get a job, okay? And it is not gonna be a Nordstrom rack with that girl. I don't know how we're gonna move past this. I know how we can move past it. How's that? I'll take you to your favorite store, Nordstrom Rack. What? What did you just say to me? Nordstrom Rack. You love that place? I did love that place until I found out you were making gas station runs with her. The Nordstrom Rack employee.


That's not very loving of you, Barry. Well, what do you expect from me? I was trying to help you. I was trying to get you a sale. I was trying to get get, get your favorite stuff on sale. You weren't trying to do anything except for put your mouth on her mouth. That's all you trying to think. You that I actually can confirm that he was trying to put his mouth on mine, but I stopped him because I knew he had a girlfriend. Exactly my point. I knew it. I knew that was what was happening. I'm so hurt right now.


I would just like to give my sincerest apology. Okay. I did not mean for any of this to happen. Oh, shut your yapper. You are just running your mouth just to hear your voice. No, no, seriously. I actually, I I, now that I am the other woman, I wasn't a situation where I wasn't the other woman. I was the main woman. And I found out about the other woman and I was very hurt. So I know exactly how you're feeling right now. You do. Yes. I know exactly how you feel to walk out of a McDonald's slash seven 11 and see your boyfriend in the front seat of his car with a Nordstrom Rack employee.


That hurts. Yeah, it does hurt a lot. I just, I just, I don't understand how you got to be in this situation. Let me tell you a little story time. Okay? I am all ears right now. If I don't, if I don't listen, I'm gonna be yelling at somebody. So I'll listen to you Way back. Win win, way back, win-win. I got a job at an ice cream shop and then I got fired from the ice cream shop. Okay.


And my, at the time, boyfriend was not very supportive of me. Okay. And that is when I walked out of a McDonald's and saw him in the front seat of his car with a Nordstrom Rack employee. Okay? I was in the same situation that you are right now. You have to understand. Go on. Well, when I found out that this girl worked at Nordstrom Rock, I decided that I was gonna go apply at the state Nordstrom Rock and work with her. Why would you do that? I would never, ever, ever wanna work with you after what you've, what was going on here, let me finish.


Okay. I knew that if I got a job at this Nordstrom Rack, I could get my revenge. I knew it was gonna play out like that. Okay. So what, what did you do? I'm on the edge of my seat. What did you do once you got the job at the Nordstrom Rack with the same girl that your boyfriend cheated on you with? What'd you do after that? Just for research purposes? Like, no, no specific reason. It's not like I'm gonna be doing the same thing. Totally understandable. I know that. I would never think, I would not even think you would do something like this. But the reason I got the job at Nordstrom was to make this girl's life miserable for as long as I could.


Okay. She would clean up an aisle, I would knock all the clothes back over and then I'd run away. So she didn't know who did it. And she'd have to pick up the clothes again. She would clock into work, I'd take her little card and I'd clock her back out so she wouldn't get paid for the day. I just wanted to make her life miserable. Okay. That's what I wanted to do. I was, I was making messes everywhere. I was eating her food in the break room half the time. I didn't eat it. I just took it outta the fridge and threw it away. So she didn't have lunch that day. That's exactly why I got the job. Nordstrom Rock was to just do things like that. Oh, this is all very insightful knowledge, you know? It's good to know.


Barry, what do you think about all this? Huh? What do you think about her being cheated on and I'm being the other woman? I'm gonna be honest. I think it's kind of a sleazy thing for you to do. You know, that's not very cool, you know? Yeah. Well, hold on, Mr. Let's not forget that you were the one in this relationship cheating. Like, let's not drop ahead of ourselves. Well, yes, yes. I know. I know. And I just, I can't, I truly can't imagine how this other guy felt, her current boyfriend, you know, I don't know how he could have felt or her, her ex-boyfriend. I mean, I don't know how he could have felt when he got caught in that predicament.


It's a really unfortunate predicament to get caught in. Are you out of your mind? Barry,


Welcome to Nata Island Next on Metro's Nata Island podcast. I Almost fainted when the four new bombshells arrived. Four free Samsung Galaxy, A 16 5G phones at Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Thanks, God heated. That's wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro Plus text. Bring four numbers in an ID and sign up for any Metro Flex plan. Not available currently at T-Mobile or been with Metro in the past 180 days.


I Just knocked something over. Well, if you want, I Can give him, if you want, I Can give you his phone number and You can reach out to him and see how he's been handling all of this. Yeah, yeah. Why don't you, why don't you gimme that phone number and I'll reach out to him and see how he's handling, you know, that situation. Just because, no specific reason, but you know, I am finding myself in a very similar predicament right now, and I just don't know exactly where to go from here. So having another man's insight on this would be very, would be very helpful, you know. Okay.


Well I'm gonna leave this McDonald's slash seven 11 parking lot now, And I don't know where I'm gonna go, but I'm gonna go somewhere far, probably to the target across the street, because that's all I Can think about right now. But would you like to come with me and we can just talk about more things that you did to the other woman? Oh my gosh, of course. I would love to just help you heal from this process. Like, I know it's so draining to just find out something like this, you know, like I, I only wish that there was somebody that could have helped me when I was in that situation, you know?


Yeah, that'd be, that'd be really nice. The two girls leave and go to Target and then Barry gets on the phone with that other dude. Hey. Yeah man. This is Barry. Yep. Yep. The one you've been texting. Listen, I just wanted to have a conversation about a predicament I found myself in a while ago and I just, I just heard that you were in the same predicament. I just needed to know your insight. You know what? How did you handle your girl catching you in the car with another girl?


So you didn't end up with either of them really? You just broke up with them both. Oh. And now you're homeless, man. Well, I don't want that to be me. I don't wanna be homeless just 'cause I cheated on my girlfriend. Yeah, well, my sincere condolences go out to you. You know, I hope You can get off the streets soon. And this is a life lesson for me. You know, I won't, I will never get caught cheating on my girlfriend again. Yeah. All right. Bye-bye now.


End scene. Oh, that was a lot, you guys. That was a lot. And I really just hope I got, I got the storyline across. Alright. Kay. What word were you not allowed to say? Y'all aren't gonna believe me. Okay. What is it? Like jellyfish? Pineapple. What? No, this word was actually very specific and not allowed in my household at all. Mm. You know like when you're like mimicking the waves, you are like, like that. Whoosh. My mom did not like that. Whoosh. Wait, what? Whoosh. You can not, don't say it. Oh, I'm gonna say whoosh in front of your mom. You can say whoosh. As soon as I see her she cannot not say whoosh. Like whoosh. She whoosh. Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh. No, she hates it. What the word? Whoosh. Yeah. Growing up you couldn't say it.


You're kidding. Whoosh. What? I don't understand what, what's, what's bad about whoosh? Like everybody go up to your mom right now and say whoosh. Say say Wooy. Wooy. Like you're mimicking the way. Be like whoosh. Whoosh. Wooy what? Wooy. Wishy wooy wooy. Wishy. Hey. And see how long it takes before your mom bands. The worst wishy does, I'm probably gonna say this wrong. C-H-E-U-G. Yy. Chuy. Chuy. Chuy. Is it Chuy? It's chuy. Itsy. Wait, yeah, that's one. You heard of that? Oh yeah. Chuy. You heard it? Chuy? No, that's Sochu. Chuy. I say that time, you know how like so Cheeky, you know how southern girls will like wear like big blingy turquoise jewelry and stuff like that?


Like a lot of people will say, oh, that's so cheeky Southern, like on their pants. Like the country girl's. Not what It says No like fashion. They'll say like fashion. Kate doesn't know what it means. Chuy. It's so cheeky. Like monogram Harper. Gimme your example. Monogram pop. People say they're cheeky like cheesy. Yeah. See even Harper's like no. Well, Okay. No, No, no. Hey you're, it's cool. You used to be, you used to know these things. You're getting old Kate. Is It not that Kate, you're old. Just accept it. I'm only 19. Look at you little grandma. She blanket. I mean she Has an idea, but yeah, it's like, like anything that grosses you are cringes you. I was cheeky. Yeah, it's like, it's like, like it's like, oh, like if you're emo, that's so cheeky or oh, if you do your curls and straighten 'em at the end, that's cheeky. Like stuff from the two thousands.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what It says. That's literally what I was saying. You know, You were like saying girls that wear western clothes, which was really No. And That's literally on TikTok. That's all. All I've seen is people slandering Western fashion Saying like going bell bonds. There's nothing Western fashion. Well that's all I've seen on TikTok. You Would know when the recliner starts wigging out. That's when Kate's asleep. When she, when Kate's right. No cap. Yeah. That was crazy. No cap. A low key. When Kate starts wigging out, she literally does that when she starts falling. Right? When she's like sleeping. This is what she does. Everyone does that bro. Wigging Out. Okay. Joe didn't mean to hit a soft spot. Everyone does. That freaks Out when they're falling asleep. Clearly Joe does. Well you wouldn't know Bro. Joe Joe's wigging out Because you're not like falling asleep with your wife every Night.


Does that? That's a normal, that's a normal thing. You don't Know until you're like sleeping with someone every night that that happens though. No, but like that's not, that's What I feel. Do you wanna know what cash does? You don't do that. Wait you, he doesn't do that to you. You Said No, I guess I twitch, but you know what cash does? Hmm. And let me, Cash doesn't twitch. He starts going holding his breath. He goes and then he farts. That's, that's just necessary. But he's like halfway unconscious. He like pushes a fart out. Oh, He's like unconscious though. Yes. He's like asleep and he is like, I gotta air out before I'm falling asleep. Dang man. Even funny in your sleep. No Joe. And I'll be like awake and he does it and I'm like literally suffocating.


I'm like, What are you doing? Nothing. Y'all are doing something bad. I heard someone say my name. It wasn't me. It was him. Well I guess Kate, I'm glad. I'm glad you twitch and you don't fart when you're sleeping. That's, yeah. Twitching is a better side effect to sleep than farting. My Brother, he got bit by a raccoon one time. He deserved it, But oh what the, wow. He deserved rabies? No, he deserved getting bit because he Don't say what he did to the raccoon. I feel like he did something bad. Oh, he did something bad. What did he do to the raccoon? Well He, where has your brother been these days? This is my oldest brother, the one at college. Which Michael. Ben? Yeah. What did he did? The raccoon. Oh well one night him and his friends saw raccoon and they were like, Hey, catch that raccoon.


And my brother's like, okay, catch the coon. Catch the raccoon. Why you tell the story so monitor. And you're like, they Saw is that bad? Why are you look at me like that? Me, I know what you're thinking. You're like and saw. She doesn't know that that would be bad. She Like, and they saw the coon and they were like, Hey catch. I'll start. I'll start. What? What is she saying? Yeah, I don know. I don know. The only reference I know is that in Fort Gump they said catch the, when they tried to like desegregate the schools, they said there's coons trying to get in. Oh like black. You can't say that. Yeah, you can't say that. Koons that at that for, yeah. That's at that Fort Gump. Yeah. And he was like, was forties, fifties, sixties. He said, oh, when my mom said there's Koons out there, I just sweep 'em away. He didn't understand.


Wait, no. Koons is like s slang for raccoons. No, it's slang for something else. But, well it's also slang for that. Like if you go koon hunting, like coon hunting or coon dog. Yeah. You say coon hunting I think, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Hunting different kinds of coon hunting. Coon dog. I, We can't talk about this anymore. This is all probably getting cut. No, it's not. What go Oh anyways, so they were like, oh catch the raccoon. And he was like, I got you. So he chases the raccoon and he picks it up and you know, obviously the raccoon is not very happy that he was picked up by a man. Right. So like that's fair. So he is like looking at it and he is kind of, you know, taunting it. He was like, look, I caught you raccoon. You work quick enough. And the raccoon self-defense bit. My brother In his face, No, on his like armor like I don't even know.


So my brother got mad and he was like, you stupid raccoon. And he started slapping the raccoon. What? Bro, this sounds like frigging I used loony. I know. Tell me to Looney tunes right now. Yeah. And so then, And then the raccoon got even more mad and he left the, And then he blew him up with dynamite. He left the, he let the, the poor guy go, are You making my microphone or what? But because because he had gotten bit by a raccoon, he had to go start getting rabies shots just in case. 'cause you have to like get the shots before to like prevent it if Oh really? Well there, if you get bit by like wild animals like that, you're supposed to go get rabies if they like carry rabies. So you get the shot before and it'll like prevent it because you know, like you said, once you have rabies It's too Late.


Oh yes. Oh yeah. When I got my dog bite I had to get that Shot. Yeah. Rab shot usually with any, Usually if we, you go to like the emergency room with like any animal bite, they give you rab shots. Yep. Because like he said, if you get It, you're gone. I got an ick. What's your ick When a guy can't open a jar, like he's struggling to like pro. Just open it. I Can, I can't Close my don't struggle. Just like Open it. So you don't like it when men struggle? I don't like when you struggle opening a jar jelly. I don't, We don't like when you have mental breakdowns, yo, she's about to send every dude to the gym. Right now. Every dude is doing the gym membership. Welcome. Yeah. They're gonna be doing those hand things. Welcome. They're gonna be like, huh? I must have strong hands. Must Will not be a dick. Every time I look at Harper lately, she literally looks grown and it's kind of sad.


Well She's not five. Well no, But she just like, what About me? You never tell me I look grown. I mean you Are, you usually dress like a 5-year-old Freaking out in a ice bath right now. Nobody ever Tells Me that. So like tall looking now like you look like an show. Never Told me I look tall. She, I don't even know what, how your compliments are coming off. You're like, you're tall looking. Yeah. Like what does that even mean? She Looks so much taller than she. You can't imagine Though. You, why do you say that's to Harper? Don't talk to Harper like that. Kate, you're very tall looking. Imagine I looked at you right now and just said, Kate, you're, you're just so grown and big and tall. You're such a big girl. You, you, You a big just, you're just a big you. You're just a big, big tall looking girl. Ow could be a linebacker.


That's me. What'd you do? I didn't say that. I'm saying that Harper, when we started filming this podcast, she like, I was four foot six. Yes. And the nicest way she was built like literally a 9-year-old and now you actually Look at now she built like a 10-year-old. No now That, yeah. Yay. I'm not, I have the bone age here and shut up. I have the bone age of a 12-year-old. I was looking At a bird yesterday though. And like obviously animals that aren't around, people don't think in English. Like they have to have their own like brain function. But I just wanna know what it sounds like to be inside like an animal's head. That's true. Like an animal is thinking something, but what are, do ever think about it? But what are they thinking? Just thinking about now? It's not, it's very, they're not conscious. Yeah. But like say he's thinking about I want to go a bird's, like I'm gonna go eat that warm.


But is he like thinking that in his head or is he Just like, like No, he sees it, he goes down and gets it. But he obviously is thinking about the future. Like they, when they're pregnant, very good. When they're pregnant they literally make a nest. Yeah. Yeah. Squirrel. How Do they find out they're Squirrel up nuts for the winter? I don't really, I don't really think it's that they're thinking about it. I think it's just like their program. It's just their thing. It's their, yeah. Like it's like in their DNA to do it. Yeah. You know what? I don't think a, I don't think a, a grandpa squirrel taught the daughter squirrel. Like, like like when as babies we're not thinking about how we're gonna walk. It just happens. They're just designed to do it. Yeah. Like I think, I think if you took that squirrel and you put it in a place in a habitat where it doesn't need to hibernate, it would still, okay. It would still then explain to me this, do parrots think in English?


I think parents think in whatever it's parents. Parents just say random parents. Parents. Yeah. I think parrot literally just mock the words they hear parents, parents think Like babies and they see patterns. They listen to the parents. But parents know parent, parents know languages. Think about that. No. Yes they do. They can, they can have, they can have a conversation with you. That's, I think it's not that they understand what's being said. I think that they hear it and they can mimic it. They don't, they don't understand If you say stop talking, they just hear stop talking. They can't process what that actually means. Poly winter a cracker. You think That's true? Yeah. Do I look like a zoologist? I don dunno. Yeah. Is that true? I'm like very educated. Look at You. Like I was Google guy all our whole lives growing up. All he did was watch Animal Planet.


I feel like you would know what the like anytime it was math's turn to pick a show, animal Planet. Let's watch the Penguins. Did you really? Yes. And it was just, yeah, it was big Animal planet. These penguins. Penguins and Discovery channel. Yeah. And discover. It was, these penguins have traveled 800 miles across and oh this rock was transported here from Egypt because it has sand on it that could not have been. And me and Lany were just sitting there wanting to watch like I Carly and we were like, Oh my God, no we gotta show this Kate. You show him Kate. I'm not show it. I'm not Show it. Kate. What is it? You guys gotta see this. I made a discovery just like the Discovery channel. Oh we're gonna get you a TV show. Yeah. And And guess what?


Kate's pinky? No, her pinky is just as long as her index toe. What the Huh? Is that a good thing? No It, it's really weird Actually. Jump, jump. He Thinks somebody likes toe next to my big toe. So my second toe, he thinks it's like unnecessarily long And I don't know what it's called. So I'm calling it the index toe. The index Toe. But like this is my pinky and this is my my toe. Oh. And he's like they're the same size. Wait does it look, does it look like it from right there? I can't see you. I Can't. Whoa Girl you gotta get that check. Oh Girl, This I can't tell. Look. Okay, let's just put all my other toes down. Oh That'll flip us off with your toe.


That's how long my toe is. Is It's a long toe. And then when you put it up to my pinky, can you tell, I don't know cash Is tell me that's not the same size. No, not really. Yeah, I didn't think so either. Cass is Wait, wait, wait, wait. Y'all don't think that's crazy? What? You know what? I think it's crazy that You shame your wife. What the Yeah, it's not shame. No you are. It's it's attractive. I like feet. You should not shame your wife like that. Yeah. No One else is trying to publicly shame her. The only person who's ever made fun of my abnormally long second toe is your father. Yeah, my father does make fun of her feet. Kate, are you mad at Netflix? I'm Furious actually. Netflix, I'm mad.


Something to say I'm not Nickelodeon. I think we all are but that's besides the point. Oh I'm mad because all of a sudden Netflix started doing that stupid one household thing. Yeah. So like I've been on my parents' Netflix since I was like 12 and I have like crafted my Netflix profile like everything is so perfect. It's like my recommended is always spot on. And then they were like, you don't live in this house anymore so you gotta get your own. So you're mad. So you're mad that you were, I'm mad that I have to pay for my own for one when my mom was paying for it for me and Okay so Kate's mad that she was scamming Netflix and it caught her. I'm very mad You were a scammer. I wish I could Scammer get scammed. I wish I could have at least just like transferred my profile over so that I could have kept all my shows and my recommendations And like I love when I watch like a whole series.


Like I've watched like thousands of hours of TV shows since I was like 12 when we got it And they all had like the little red line. I love that. Now when I go to Gilmore Girls it looks like I've never seen the show before. I Thought I knew this my whole life, but apparently I'm confused. Is it double chin when you have like the double thing right here? No it doesn't. Or is it when you have this thing? I have a, I have a butt chin That's yeah that's a butt chin. When do have A but chin. That's crazy. My whole life I thought this thing was double chin until like just the other day I heard someone say I have double chin when they did that. And I was like, huh huh. Yeah. My sister had a little butt chin and I used to make fun of her and she'd cry. I was like, you got a butt chin. No butts are going. You were such, Such a Bully was That's crazy. Biggest bully I've ever, I remember one time in the car I was with like my mom and my sister and I had been most certainly harassing my sister in some way.


Sorry Anna. And my mom was like Anna, Kate. Like she was fed up with me this day. She was like, Kate, what happened to you? You used to be such a sweet little girl. And I was like, that's what your Mom Said? Yeah that Hit me. She said, yeah mom, now I'm in a gang. Whoa. Hit That hit me so hard. I was like Danged. Yeah. I ordered like an $8 Universal remote and it said this is how you pair it to your tv. I didn't have to do anything with the tv. I just pressed a button on the remote and it connected to my TV right there. No shot. Swear. Wait, hold up. I didn't know there was universal remote. I Didn't have to do anything. What? You didn't know there was such a thing as a universal remote. I did not. No. I thought you always had to buy a remote to the specific thing.


That's crazy actually. I wonder If fish can hear me. No. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get a universal remote for my, you know where you go on flights and there's a TV in front of you? Yeah. Connected to that. It doesn't work with that. I don't think that's gonna work. Why would it not? You just said it's universal, it's remote. That doesn't even have an R bicycle. That's a tv. That's tv. It's not gonna work. Why would it not? Because it, it just doesn't even have have to answer me this. Would it connect to this? Yes. Well it depends but it won't connect to a mini tv. It's not a tv. That's not a tv. What do you mean it's not a tv, it's a chair. It's like an iPad thing. It's not a tv. It doesn't have an RFI signal or whatever. Oh you're right. He just made that up. It's Literally like a tablet. No, it has to have the thing to pick up the signal Cash. Sometimes when we're laying in bed, his arm will like start to like cover my face if we're cuddling and I start to panic because I start losing oxygen and he is like, he's like, you have to stop panicking.


You can't panic like this and I can't help It. So I do, I'm trying to teach her not to panic. So when we lay in bed, I just get her in an uncomfortable, actually, sorry, it's a very uncomfortable position, but I just don't let her move. She starts freaking out, like panicking, like she's like, wow, lemme out, lemme out, lemme out. And she starts like panicking. Panicking. Why are you doing that to her? Please go in the trash. I'm trying to get her over like the fear. You know what I'm saying? What? No, going to the trash can will make you feel. I watch, this is what we do. I'm scared. So I get her like this. Like we're just laying down. Right? We're laying down like this and I'll just do this. You'll hug her. Yeah. Not try to get out. Then she normally freaks out, Try to Get out.


She freaks out and, and then I just hold her like this and then she tries to move and yeah. And it's usually When I start trying to get out there, I start to move and then as soon as she tries to move, but she realizes she can't move, she freaks out. And I'm like, okay, we practice. Stay calm. You stay calm. And she's like, I Can. Yeah. Not once has she stayed calm yet. I Can't. I can't help it. I'm a spazz. You don't like you claustrophobic. No, definitely. Yeah, she is. And that's why No, she is not. Should we do a claustrophobic video on the club? No, let's not. Yes, I know. Okay, let's test. If you're claustrophobic, get on the ground and I'll lay on you. No, no, No. I know I'm not claustrophobic, but one time when I was little, which I think is where I discovered my like you know, fear Freakouts.


My Sister. Your claustropho? No, My sister was like, oh, let's like put each other in the suitcase. And so we put each other in the suitcase and I flipped and I was little, my dating advice would be if you are 15 years old and you've been trying to date the same guy for like a year and a half and he keeps just like on and off with you. And he is like, I wanna date you, but I can't because I sat a contract from my brother and the contract doesn't actually exist. I'm just gaslighting you into thinking there's the contracts that We can't date. And then he comes back to you every other week and he is like, I miss you so much. And then you go to a party one night and you're hanging out with all your friends and then he starts texting you, I miss you while you're at this party and you're having a grand old time. And then you start feeling guilty. So you leave him on red and then y'all come back together a couple months later and then y'all are on and off again for the longest time. And then finally he decides to want to date.


Don't put yourself through that. Just wait until he decides he's ready to date. Because otherwise, if you put yourself through that, you might end up dating a guy that is, you know, one of the biggest podcasters in the world. It's true. Has an amazing music career and has an amazing brother. Honestly, I, I would hate for that to happen to you. Yeah. So you don't wanna date that guy. Yeah, don't whatever case said, if you, you don't wanna date the guy that takes you and marries you and brings you up out of poverty into poverty it into our life. Oh my gosh. Hey, Wait, did I live in Potter? Keep it on. Keep it on the low. You always say it. No, she lived in a great nice place, but she was, she was like, no, you don't understand. I thought I was poor growing up. 'cause I didn't have hardwood floors.


That's because I grew up in like a wealthy area. She felt Like she lived in pot. I, We know You Can, we know you grew up in, well, so we brought you out. We got you hardwood course. Nice. We got, we got you into the hardwood floor type of house. Overheating. You remember when we went camping and your dad had to come pick us up And we, I felt So did You overheat the Scooter? No, we were, we were camping. You were with us. We ran outta battery. We, I think all three of us were on it. No, three of us on a scooter. That's gross. I remember what happened. Me and Kate were doubled up on one and you were on one and mine and Kate's overheated. So then we swapped scooters. You took ours and then we overheated that one that you were on. And then they were both overheated and then she was too fast for everything.


And then by the time we, by the time they weren't overheated anymore, they were dead. And we were like two miles away and we had to call dad to come get us. But why not Just walk? Because that's what Harper does Actually. Like a spit couple. That is, We were low far away because We just, it was way more than two miles. We got on the sidewalk and we were like, where does the sidewalk lead to? And it was just like we went, we were far, It was a golf course. Yeah, It was like a golf course. Then it Just led to, oh, you can't walk a golf course. That'd be nuts. All those golf Into a golf course. I give people that walk golf courses. Some credit. If you go on there without a golf cart and you're dragging your bag, that is insane. No, you guys never seen that. I've never been golfing. So I Can, I don't, I've seen anyone drag their bag through the whole golf course.


That's thing's a golf cart. Tiger Woods has no, you don't always have a cart. You ever heard of a a ah, what's the dude called? That's a caddy. A caddy. You ever heard of a caddy? You don't. They don't get a golf cart, bro. They're just dragging it with 'em. The story about my sister, listen, you know what, we'll go ahead and tell it. Don't think it's a thumbnail, but it's fine. Are Saying about my sister. It's not about her though. It's about me and Maverick's. Biggest fight ever. What? That all tore the entire family apart. They did. Maverick came, wait, wait. Oh, oh, I'm so excited for this. What? Maverick and Kate have never had an actual fight. Like never an actual fight where they were genuinely mad at each other. Oh, I was like, they've had like frustrated things, but this time they were actually mad.


Sorry I take that back. Who do you think was, Hey, but, but just by, you know who, who has anger issues in the house? We all know Kate has the most anger issues in the house. So y'all can take that for what it's worth. Which is a lot. So I don't have that In mind. Anger issues. I'm a very patient person. Actually Also keep in mind that if Kate, you flick her, she freaks out what she takes. She thinks she's dying over everything. That was a horrible analogy. No, I'm just saying that she, that's not a bad thing over react. Dude, can you pull your microphone for the 50th time but pull it down. Listen, look like, like chess level. Yeah, no, I need to give a background here. We're playing a game called Whirlyball. Okay. And in Whirlyball it's not, You guys probably have never heard of it.


It's not A very big game. It's only, it's only in Chicago and Dallas. That's like the only place I think that have it. And we were in Dallas playing Whirlyball. Pretty much what it is is you're in go-karts. No bumper cart bumper carts. You're in bumper cars slash go-kart thing. Bumper car slash go-karts. I do sign language for the blind people. Yo bro. Well what if the blind people are watching telling a story? Oh, keep going. People to not be able to hear it. Do do sign language for me. Alright, we're in bumper car slash go-kart things. You're playing with lacrosse sticks and you're playing basketball but with a whiffle ball. So you're in a bumper car with a lacrosse stick playing basketball with a whiffle ball. And that's the sport we were playing.


Yep. So, and it gets very aggressive. Well, Okay, it's not suppo, it's like an older, it's like advertised as like an older person's sport, but they make it very aggressive because No, y'all do just let her talk. No, y'all know you do because it literally says rules I'm giving rules you 30 seconds to talk. No, ma, just let it, let her talk it out. Come down. It says You guys are not allowed. Like the rules on the wall say no hitting like purposely like hitting people with your racket. You can't wait math. It says that, you know, It says that, You know It says that Kate. Yeah. Laser tag also says no running. Who obeys that? Okay, everyone runs in laser tag. They pretty much, they do. Wait, wait. When you go play laser tag, do you obey those rules?


Oh, I just don't run in general, so. Oh, okay. So yes, no, it's just, I like very clearly we're going to play once every few months. So it's like you don't really need to follow the rules, but they, they like to hit people with their rackets. They like to wave the racket. I don see that. Sorry, I'm trying to read this. Sorry. Okay guys, I'm sorry. Nobody was paying attention to Kate's story. I was No you are. No, I was I'm also reading this. Are you looking up the rules? I was, Yeah, I am. You're looking up the rules. There's a seatbelt violation by the way. Which me and you be breaking a box, Matt. It's fine. We don't need the rules. Yeah, it's, I Can tell you the rules and what you're trying to say is not allowed. Oh, daughter. No, no, it's Joel. Nope. Remember we said no singing. Okay. Well anyways, whether or not that's a rule or not, my rule is don't hit me.


I don't like being hit with plastic rackets. I do. So, and when the boys play, you know, that's fine. They can get all up on each other. They can wait the racket around like a madman if they want. I don't care. I quite honestly could not care less. But ma what? Oh, Keep going. He Had been, he had been like waving his racket and stuff, which is fine. You can wave it around. But as soon as I start getting hit, I don't like it. And he had like waved his racket around, hit his sister. She had like a huge like mark on her leg. I don't think I Did. I saw it. And So, no, I don't think I hit her Earlier. Earlier in the game, same birth, me and her were in the same car or we were sitting, we were right next to each other. I can't focus Guys. I was whispering. No, like look at y'all. Y'all aren't even paying attention to her. I'm listening.


I am. I'm listening. No, y'all are Mavs over there. Special team. Special player part. You're on your phone. I'm making jokes. Nobody's paying attention. I's paying attention. She's talking about, and now you're interrupting the story. I'll say you guys are not paying attention. Kind of rude. But Kate also, you're taking forever. Well, Because everyone keeps interrupting me. Blainey and I, their sister were right next to each other and I watched Maverick swing his racket and hit her and she was like, dude, me and her were upset that he was hitting us and like getting too close to us with the racket. And so we said stop hitting people with the racket. Did he actually hit you? He was waving it and he like hit her. His sister do know. Hey, that was awkward. He had hit his sister. Anyways, couple minutes later I'm about to score. I'm about to score the game winning point.


Okay. I've gone like 12 miles an hour in my bumper car. It was intense. It was very intense. I'm the only one that can stop her. Only one. I'm flying down the whirly ball court. I'm dropping my car right next to her. I'm like, no, no, Not right next to me. You're pretty far away. Maverick sees I'm about to score the game winning point. I load up. And what does Maverick do? Maverick loads up too, except he doesn't have a ball. Maverick Doesn't have a ball. There's not a ball in his racket. I have the ball. So I'm about to shoot the game winning point. And Maverick launches his racket across the court and hits me in the head. He Throws his whole entire racket. Boomerang, bro. That's her racket to knock the ball out of her racket so she can't score. It literally threw like a boomerang. I swear the song came on the, I'm gonna come back like a boomerang.


It did. I heard It. So I hate is get the, as everyone knows, as someone who does not like being touched, I get mad. And the my first instinct, I need everyone to know my first instinct. The second I got hit, I was like, that was Maverick. I knew it was Maverick before I even turned around. I knew it was you. And so my first instinct, did you cry? Yes. I was so mad. But Dude, wait, did y'all just hear that she cried because she was mad and i's hurt? Cry. Oh, okay. No, I was hurt and I was frustrated. Didn't say no, she did. No, she said she was mad. I, my first instinct was to get up, take my racket and walk over to Maverick and beat him on the head so he would be hurt too. Which I said, which would've, I would've been happy with that I would've been, ive preferred that outcome. Me. That outcome would've been freaking hilarious.


Beating a racket. I'm seat belted in, in this harness and I'm like, ow, ow. Stop. No, I was so mad. But I knew that I was doing it out of anger and I can't hit people when I'm mad. You have to control your emotions when you're mad. So hit Them when you're happy. I got up. I, I literally, I just unbuckled myself. I threw my racket down and I walked out 'cause I was so mad. Walked. No, you ran out. You said I was so mad. It was either hit Maverick, beat Maverick with my racket or I Can leave and not look like a 2-year-old. So I left and I was so mad and my head was hurting. So I started crying. I was so frustrated. And I was already frustrated because I had watched him hit his sister and she was upset that she had hit him. So I'm frustrated with him already that he's playing unfair and granted, Oh my God, he's taking so long.


Lemme tell y'all what happened. Nav. Nav threw hit Kate with the racket. Kate got mad, stood up, slammed a racket on the ground, ran out of the building. My Should we get a reenactment? Use Gerald. Kate stands up. She goes, I'm done. Runs out. Gimme Gerald please. My sister follows suit and stands up. My sister was not involved in the incident. Not all, not all just watch happen. She was mad too. What? She was mad earlier for Maverick hitting her. Yes. My sister stands up and is mad for Kate. Stands up, goes at Maverick's Maverick Maverick's in his car, like, kiss, please. What's going on? And and my sister stands up, trumps her rock at Maverick and goes, I hate you.


Or I don what she said. I don Dunno what she said, but she was like, I'm done. And chunks it at Maverick and Maverick's like, oh gosh. It was more like a, what's wrong with you? And then it throws the racket and I'm thinking, what's wrong with you? You just did the racket at me. And then she runs out. Well, You're the over moments that you just sit there and stop And then she runs out. Maverick's like kind of slowly getting up out of his cart to go check on Kate and Laney. Me And Kenzie. Maverick's girlfriend. Check on Kate. Not Lainey. What did Laney what happened to Laney? I, Kate no one knows Ma Maverick ran out because Laney Wait, this was recent? Yes. Yes. It was like within the last six weeks. Like this was Two weeks, two, three weeks ago. Yeah. And Maverick, Maverick, it wasn't when she was like a child. Yeah, she was an adult. That that's, yeah. Matter runs out to go check and then me and MA's girlfriend are in the left in the room and we are just laughing our heads off what just happened.


Y'all don't understand though the frustration that I am put through living with These Boys does and so yell at each other. Well, he comes out there, it was kind this and I was like, it was not that. It was, it was a metal racket. No, metal racket is, I Mean it was a plastic Racket and it, five more seconds she'll be pissed. Oh no, no, please. No, Just break it. Just break It. Yeah. It was, it was a, it was a, a plastic raft and it hurts with like a net on the End. It, it Hurt. It was Pretty soft. And I know that I have no pain tolerance and I don't wanna be hit in the head with anything. Thank you honey. Do you hit me that with that? I'll be fine with it. Just hit me in the head with that. Please hit me in that Harper you would love. Boil the ball. Oh my gosh.


I Can you hit me in the head with that? You wouldn't like it if you you got hit in the head though. I don't think Harper would care. Oh, okay. Sorry. Listen. So listen, can I take over the story? Sure. Okay. So what happened was, all right, this story is taking so long. I I need popcorn. Okay? Get to popcorn. I don't wanna dip Jar, But I don, so Kate, Kate gets mad, my sister gets mad and goes out. But here's the thing. Stop. Sorry. Alex is given A major thumbs down back Then. Sound guy is not happy. Hold on. Is the phone still on? Oh, the phone still in here from last episode. Tell us the damage If y'all go watch our last episode.


Emotion of damage. It should be titled like, don't watch this with your parents. We lit the corners of the phone are crazy. We lit our phone on fire in the microwave. So if you wanna see that go over there. I wouldn't Eat that. Yeah. So listen, y'all are thinking Maverick, why would you throw a racket? Y'all should also know other people were throwing rackets. Okay, this was happening. People were doing this and we've done it multiple times when we went to play worldly ball. It's a normal day. I think everyone's done with this story. Awesome guys. So they gotta Make by No listen. Also, also my, my girlfriend got hit by cash very hard. She had blood all over her jeans. Her hand was bleeding.


This is true. I did too. Still bad. She, she didn't even say a word, but I, I felt bad. Which is good. That's so great. I'm so great. She has a pain tolerance. But she also, this was the first time she's hanging out with the family. If she has blood all over her hands, obviously as a girl you're not gonna cause a big scene. I've been here for four years. I'm gonna make a scene when I get Hurt. I mean, to be fair, Matt, we were just beating women the whole day. There. I, We were just, And it's not just like it was one time We were so good at the game. It was crazy they couldn't win a single game. And it's, that's why, that's the truth. Why they were mad. No, not beating him at the game. I, We were physically like beating them with racket. So As y'all can tell, I was frustrated and it wasn't, My girlfriend had a racket throwing at her too. Ah, she didn't. And I was saying, and I told you, I said you should have taken that up with the person who threw the racket at Her.


All right, moving on guys. We got move on. We should put the Lisa's legal. You just lose two points if you throw a racket house. He skipped around all of hi all the stuff he doesn't eat. So let's start with ice cream, except it's non-dairy ice cream. So far all we've secluded is that he doesn't like healthy stuff. Wheat thins. Maverick, would you eat Wheat Thins? No. What about these dark chocolate granola bars? No healthy stuff. A smoothie packet. Healthy Stuff. A can of tomato Soup. No. Nothing in a can. No, no, no. Nobody eats that. No. I bought this for you Al me. I that. What about taquitos? Nope. Oh, Almonds. No Healthy stuff. Broccoli, Healthy stuff.


No, no, no Raisins. Healthy Stuff. I do like raisins. Would you, this is, this is molded spinach. But if it wasn't molded Healthy stuff, no, no, no, no. Spinach. What else do you got? I got chicken noodle soup. Nothing I Can, no soups. What do you eat in your Soup? You just suffer? Yep. No, he eats ice cream and milkshakes and sprites and set it up and rub. Oh Here's, here's normal Ice has a pack. Healthy stuff. Wouldn't eat that one. That's Healthy ice cream. Hmm. What about this Bel Vita Crunch Healthy Stuff. Tesh? I wouldn't eat a hot pocket. No. What a tomato. Who the frick eats a tomato. Oh This is pepperoni. Yes. He'll eat That. I don't think MA's Eaten that. Not just by itself.


Yes, he would eat it. He eats that. My mom puts that on his pizza. He eats that he have on a pizza. Well not People snack on this plain Pepperoni. Well you're not supposed to. Well as You can see there are plenty of things. So All you guys pour out was MA's doesn't like the healthy aisle bro. All you have say here have everything in the un junk in the junk aisle. He'll eat everything. No, not that he just doesn't wanna be healthy and we're like, eat broccoli. This, I have an eating disorder. I can't, I would just like to apologize. I saw a clip of myself talking about your hometown and I actually sounded really mean. Oh yeah, my, my parents texted me and said, my parents texted me and said, hold on, wait a second. Stop talking crap about our hometown. I'm So okay. I actually feel so bad because I wasn't trying to be mean and I thought I was being, oh, Is that little cute?


Well I have some boy. Yeah, I hope our baby looks Up. Wait, text that to Joe. No one wants to see it. No, you guys gotta see it. It's on, it's already on their screen man. I hope it, I hope my Baby looks at that to me. By the way, here's the thing, our town be it though. Very small and nothing, nothing really there. Oh, we talked about this in the car. We would never have chosen to grow up somewhere else. It's very weird. Like I love that town. I would never ever go back. So would you move back there? Do you love it enough to move Back? Well, I, I wouldn't go back. I mean not, I won't say never ever, but I, I probably won't go back, but I would not choose a different place to grow up because as a child it was so fun growing up in a small town. I Can see that. It was so fun. I did. Yeah.


That town Was you, the fact that you guys could like, like did y'all like row Main Street and stuff by yourself? Yeah. Yeah. I mean it depends. We never Saturday night could have we out. Yeah. Like I never could've. Meaning neither. Yeah. Like I will say I did love growing up in a small town. I Didn't watch like classic movies growing up. So like nineties 22 s movies don't that. No, no, no. Listen. Nineties and like two thousands movies. I'm like culturing myself now. So I'm trying to watch like all the popular ones and I, I am one of those people, you know, you watch movie, you have to look up the whole cast and see what they're doing now, what other stuff they've been in. And it's gotten to a point where they're all all dead. Like I feel like over half the time I look up the cast and like at least one of the main characters is dead now. And it makes me so sad. I was like, what did I just watch recently? How to lose a guy in 10 days.


I was like, oh, oh wait no, no, no. It was 10 things I hate about you the main guy. I was like wait, Are those both movies? They're two different movies. Yeah. What the, I know I like always makes him up but it's 10 things I hate About You. I was like wow. What else has this guy been in? Do you watch those kind of movies? I love 'em. Most factors that's for kill Kill themselves rom-coms. Yeah. I mean they're pg. Yeah. But do you think he's good for you? What do you mean? Do I think What? I don't know. Maybe it'll give you ideas of what your marriage should look like and maybe it's not real. Maybe it's feeding you a false And I'm like, wow, I'm glad my relationship's not like that. Oh, maybe you should keep watching 'em make you great. I used Watching those. I'm actually very, I a Lot. No like I like the, some of the shows I watch, I'm like why do these couples do the bare minimum for each other?


Like, do y'all hate each other? It makes me realize how blessed I am. You Guys hear that? I do not do the bare minimum. That's my, that I do the bare maximum. Okay. You can do something. So how did you feel with a previous girlfriend of yours when you got her license suspended and then broke up with her right after? Oh yeah, it was the same night at the missile silo. That's What, what were you feeling in that time Period. Okay. Why? Why are you laughing? That's, that's a crazy conversation. Yeah. You got her license suspended then broke up with it. I'll tell the story. It's very short actually. Yeah, we are at McDonald's. Is he partners evil best friend because he just causes everyone's else's life to be in shambles. And he just, you Parker so bad.


If you guys ever meet Parker, he'll get you in trouble and he will cause your life to fall apart. I We, Katie and Parker. Hey, ever since you met me, your life is actually on the uphill. Right? Really think about it. You started the podcast since you met me. That was, I met you like seven years ago. No, still I started the podcast. I have Something to do with this. Right? No, I started the podcast seven months ago or 10 months Ago. Well that's a great question. And to answer your question, Were you planning on breaking up with her or did the guilt eat you alive and you had to break up with her after That? No, nothing to do with the guilt. We were all out again. Again, every time something happens it's because of cash. We stayed out past curfew and then that was actually a misdemeanor. And did You get charged With that?


We did not get charged for it. And the reason being, was He blood by Yourself? Oh it's because I was under 18 and when you're under 18 you have the option and you Can't drink Alcohol. Oh, I wrote a letter. I wrote a letter to the police officer. You guys didn't have to 'cause you were over 18. I think you were. I was 17 at the time. I wrote a letter to the police officer and I said, Hey, I'm So sorry I didn't have to again because I didn't get pulled over. Oh, You didn't get pulled over. It was Paige or not. You know why you got pulled over Was myself. Do you remember why? Wait guys, this is what I'm saying. The story's confusing again. Y'all Should have been full life compared to me. Okay. You have to, you guys were in two separate cars. Yeah, We were in two separate cars. This all plays into what Kate just asked me. We were in two separate cars. Connor and Cash and then Paige, myself and my ex.


Yeah, you guys Ex-girlfriend. You guys like listen, we were in two cars driving down the road. 1:00 AM Parker, six is head out the window, like his whole body towards, because I was looking at cash and them waving like, hey, You know in the passenger seat, a cop cop going down the highway. Cop pulls In? No, no, not the highway. We were on the side street and then a cop happened to be right there on the next block. Oh. And we were like, oh no. And so cop pulls us over and they said, Hey, you're out past curfew. We were like, oh, we didn't realize there was a curfew. And so, but did you then I lived by myself in LA at the time and I couldn't technically, legally do that 'cause I was under 18 and so I had to, my parents, I had to call my parents and my parents gave Connor's mom legal rights to me for 24 hours so that she could get me outta the situation.


So I went home with her and my ex-girlfriend was driving to answer your question. So her license actually did not end up getting suspended. Mm. And I didn't end up getting a charge because I ended up writing a letter to the police officer saying, I'm so sorry I would never do this again. But I ended up breaking up with her because I just kind of fell out of feelings. We only dated for three months and it wasn't a very serious relationship. Dude. I couldn't even date for three months. Like I can't hold a relationship. We both have OCD. We'll we'll link it. You both do at the Yes. And we both have. We we are. It's because we're conjoined. Yeah. Oh yeah. Still got Split in half. We have intrusive thoughts. We have Intrusive thoughts.


I have those. No you don't. You don't. There's impulsive thoughts and there's intrusive thoughts and they're two different things. He has very intrusive thoughts. Yes. What do you mean? I don't have intrusive thought. Yes. Yes. A lot of people made that Up. Him. I asked him to turn my light off so he turns my light off. Irrational Thoughts. But then he turns his light back on. That's When he's impulsive. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. Wait. When he turns the light back on, he let his impulsive or intrusive thought in and he pulled his pants down and is showing his butt and then turns the light back off. Intrusive thoughts you do not act upon. Oh, he acted upon his intrusive thought. Lemme Tell you. That's what is that? That's impulsive. Impulsive what? Okay. But I Have intrusive thoughts all the time. 'cause the amount of jokes I have coming to my head, I feel like that's not the right No like, like try to step on the little baby. Yeah. Like, like If, yeah.


And if you saw so nobody shaking his medical advice, we don't know what we're talking about. And in that crack. So then he sees brain. Okay then what's the difference between intrusive and impulsive thoughts? God Impulsive is just like, You'll do things out of impulsive. Like You'll, yeah. Like you'll impulsively buy that. You'll impulsively eat that Food. You'll impulsively pull your pants down, You impulsively pull your pants down and show your brother your butt Cheeks. I Can confirm I have that Now. What's intrusive ins? Intrusive is like Thoughts you don't wanna have. Yeah. That come into your head because you don't wanna have them. Yeah. Like say you're walking down or you're holding a baby and a thought comes in your head, throw the baby. Oh I have that. Yeah. And that but like, but you wouldn't throw the baby. No, but like impulsive thoughts are involuntary.


I thought I was the only one And then I was just like OCDs like if you don't throw the baby then you're gonna die. Oh so you throw the baby. Oh no, I don't have that word That probably like intrusive thoughts could come with OCD too. So what happened with me and my intrusive thoughts is I would think something like very dark and I then I would start fighting with myself in my head and like be like you. Why would you think that? Are you crazy? Like, and obsess over it for weeks and weeks. So yeah. Yeah. It's hard. Yeah. Oh maybe you, yeah, mine, mine, mine. Mine don't last. Well Not obsessing over the thought itself but obsessing over. Why did I think that? Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because I didn't really know what intrusive thoughts Were and it'd like, do I have a bad mind or something?


That's what I used to say all the time. I used to tell my mom, I'm like, do I have a bad mind mom? And she'd be like, no, we're just gonna go to counseling now. No, we're just gonna do some therapy. Yeah. We're just gonna go. No, You're all fine. Hardcore pizza have one. What? I can't can anybody here speak gibberish? Me Hit a guy mi a guy do it game. You said gibberish. We said something. Well, somebody said something and we're not 'cause Gina said I Can, I Can speak it. Re Harper. We don't know if you're speaking unless there's someone that can tell us what you said. Oh, I Can translate. No you can't. Yes I Can. Okay. Tell me what you're gonna say to Kate.


Me. No, no, no. Whisper in my ear. What you gonna say to Kate? Okay. Did you hear that? No, I couldn't hear it. Okay. Okay. Alright. Say it to Kate in June. This is what she said. Okay. Okay. She said I went to The park. I went to the park. Yes. Told You we're too good Bro. We're so good. I don dunno why I felt for that idiot. No, it's the thing. Some people know how to speak gibberish and it's like mi, get a guy, a guy and like they understand what each other is saying, which I'm very confused by. I don't know how they do it. But Wait, can you try it? Me? It's like hit a guy that's high hit big guy but a guy.


That's my mid guy. My, hmm. Mid. Well I didn't sub gibberish was a real language. So Harper, I didn't dig algebra. No, I never took math either. Yeah. Well I one day will probably learn gibberish. Mi Kate doesn't know this. This sounds like something Kate. I know that's what I'm saying. Guy Pickering all over gibberish. For some reason it's a thing like high school girls do and I just really thought Kate would've known it. Do you actually get bullied? Yes. Online or in person or both? Both. Oh yeah. Which one's worse? If you want I Can do it to both and You can nevermind In person.


Actually there was this one girl. Don't say names Or anything. I'm not going to Yeah, who was? It was online and, and in person. Oh wow. So she would post tiktoks about me and stuff. And so she was like, Just in case one didn't hurt, I'm, I'm gonna make sure I Got her. And then Was this after the TikTok stuff? No, this was before. Oh. Oh you got bullied before the TikTok stuff And she posted tiktoks about you? Yeah. Fan behavior on another level. Shoot. And then they would write, like write something on bathroom stalls and stuff about me. My gosh. Which I can't really say what it was because it's inappropriate. Yeah, that's So she told me 'cause I am, she told me about it. No she didn't. Yes she did though I did.


No, She didn't know. Did I miss this conversation? I no, I know she's 10. No, you don't Wanna know what, what she just said. You like, okay. What'd you say? I said you don't wanna know what she just said To you. Y'all don't know. I don know Jack. I can't even repeat it. Talking like Lin. So Yeah. Well you know how you said you were bullied in high school. Yeah. And everyone keeps interrupting you Gina. Yeah, but I'm here listening keeping us on track. I'm very sorry about that. But you know who well was a bully in high school. Kate? Not high school. Okay. We don't gotta get into it. She probably wrote your name somewhere. So let's not That is not true. Let's not Was a middle Maverick. I, and I've already publicly Apologized. Didn't cry. She's a bully too. Once I, once I got to high school, I got bullied.


Gina, She apologized. You got bullied A lot of in High school. Yes. A lot of people who get do the bullying were probably bullied before or see it was so weird. It was So you're a bully Tobe? Actually, no, because I am to be, I'm really, I'm an empath. What is that? I'm an empath. What was I supposed to be? Definition? Empathy. She understands people's emotions. Empathy. Empathy. I'm, Yeah, I'm like empathy. Yeah. I'm a really empathetic person. And I don't know, I might have bullied someone before I don Dunno if I bullied you, reach out.


No, don't say that. Don't do that. Because we said that with Kate. Everyone and their mom reached out just like, literally Like making up stories. And I'm Mad. Really? They're like Kate put up posters of me all over the place. But the, but the weird part was, is all the stories kind of sounded the same. So was a similar Silverline. It literally they were all, everyone said that I made fun of their acne. Which is crazy. It's a crazy statement because my acne is so bad right now. Y'all can't see it. But I literally tell cash every single day. How about my acne is, yeah, My acne is bad too. How long does hair, long hair this long take to dry? Oh a while. I, I personally wouldn't know. I've never had hair long before like that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You don't have long hair. Well His beard's a little long.


Your beard's bad as long as this thing. Yep. Yep. Yeah, because A looks more like a bad tattoo. What does that even mean? It means it looks like a bad tattoo. I was gonna say what? Listen, Ally likes it like a tattoo. Well I'll Have y'all know, I literally, literally shaved this morning. So it grows back that fast. It Yep. The life stimulate his blood circulation. No, because I'm a real man. Yeah. Something to do with the life. For sure. No. Can IS get his as SBU from that? Yeah. What, which song you want? Ee Minnie, mad Mel catch talk by his Minnie. Obviously Chatty is Eenie.


Meny Manny sad knows it's not as he goes to school, you know. Sad is because I don't like Cat and Kyle. Me Whatcha are trying to cover up here bro. What Whatcha are you thinking? I don know. I was just free balling. I was just singing. Let me start from the beginning. Meny mey Minny Mo Catch Patrick by her toe. If she holler. If She holler, Let her go.


She's indecisive. She Can't decide. Yeah. She keeps on moving. Yeah. From not to Right. I don't know the words after that. Cut. Come a bit closer. Wait, look, look. Yeah. No. What? Cut. Come a bit closer. Come a little closer. No look me in my eyes. Look Me in that. No, you sing the next line. Do it. Look me in my eyes. Calm A little close Up. No, no. Oh, s so wrong. You sing like ta calm little Leave Him and disappear right after the song. So gimme me the Nosing it Kyle to love you. Hold you. Don't me outta here.


My, I'm not trying to. I love her. I love Him. I love him. Whoa. Harper Is 14 years old and she has like four point something million followers.


Like you. Like I just can't imagine knowing that probably everybody hanging out with me just wants something from me. I know. No, see this is the, this is the thing and this is what I always say. It's not that they want something from you. They want, they think you're cool. No, they want followers. They don't, I don't do What's wrong with that. I hang out the don't we all want followers. Why do we have Harper on the podcast? That's the only reason why I hang out with you guys. Yeah. That's the only reason Joe's here. That's the only reason Harper's here. That's the only reason we're, here's the reason Alex here, that's Our job. But All these it's cl No, I'm saying if none of us, if none of us have followers know one to be here. Right? No, I'm saying that All these like all these kids she goes to school with No, no, no. All Want. But if Harper had zero followers, she wouldn't be sitting here right now.


Yes to both. And if I had zero followers, I wouldn't be sitting here right Now. No, I agree. I agree that our followers is where we are put together. But I'm saying that these other kids that are making fun of her behind her back and then are like, oh my gosh, Harper are, they're doing stuff like this and like getting followers from it. That's just, that's not right. So Wait uses someone, wait, wait, wait. So you're saying someone uses someone for followers that makes fun of 'em behind their back? That's wrong. I don't think you, first of all, I don't think you should make fun of No. Look at but but I just want it to be known that I, if I had zero followers, I wouldn't be here. But I have followers. So I'm here. So you're using me for followers and then, and then on top of that, I know you make fun of me behind my back. I do not make, oh yes she does. Do I make fun of you or do I complain about You? A little bit of both probably.


I don't make fun of you. Has she ever made fun of me behind my back? When Marick says T Be honest. No. Have I made fun of him? I have not made fun of him, So no, But let me, lemme tell y'all Have fun, Peace, love and kindness. Well I will say when I was 14 and there was something happening and I was like, you know, like my blood's boiling 'cause someone's being mean to me. I Loki loved it. Yeah, because you loved being mean, bullied, Going keyboard happy and like Keyboard happy. You were mean. I'd love to read some of the comments you left on people's posts. Oh Do y'all actually still have any up? Any what? Like, just bad stuff when you were young still up online. Dude, I was, Dude, I was never mean to people. I don dunno. Why never mean I never Mean was not, I was never mean online.


Like I never left hate comments or anything. It was like I would, oh gosh, I wasn't even mean on like Snapchat or anything. I Feel like me and Cash did something mean one time. I was Just like, how funny would that be though? If y'all now where you're like verified usernames win and love hate comments on other influencer stuff. They're like, what is Cash saying that's called, she's not funny. It's like this guy sucks. Like on press. No, I Feel, I like, I actually, I feel so bad when I think about how I was like, I was even mean to people's faces. I feel like, well maybe I Was, you regret that you just say, okay, you regret that you were a bully. I really do regret it and I feel so bad and I literally think about the kids that I bullied and I'm Like, yo, what are you guys doing?


Y'all just, I'm writing a topic down for later. Oh, I wish I could just go and tell all those kids. I'm sorry. I was so mean for no reason. Yeah, maybe you should, we should have each of them on. You can tell them in person lies. Gosh, I Wish I remember their names. I You can a all of your victims that you bullied would, if you guys were a victim of Kate, please email me, hit the email. Hashtag stop bullying by Kate. Team Maverick baker@gmail.com. You're Gonna get so many fake emails. Listen, no. If Kate was me, no, no. I want to, I we're gonna give her an apology episode. I Will If she was mean to you. If there's anybody that I genuinely was mean to in middle school. But if y'all say something and she don't recognize your name or something. Yeah, I, I got it.


How about everybody just calming down below how Kate bullied you because everyone's a victim. What? That's a real victim mentality. Everyone's a victim. How about We do that thing? I've never been mean to people after I got outta eighth grade. I wasn't mean. Can I pretend I'm one of the bros right now? Yeah. Yes. Spread your legs. I'm doing that. Remember you sit like I'll sit like Maverick. Yeah, Matt does sit like a lady. Listen, occasionally I sit like this, right? No, not that. And then casually no. No. And then my foot falls asleep 'cause there's no blood flow. Sorry, I gotta get a little lower. No, max is this all the time? No, there was one episode, a couple.


I was looking at the comments and someone was like, why was math sitting like that? And then they put the time and you were like, like that. You were like waiting. Can can you I Can you go back to the impersonation of what you think the A bros podcast is? Yeah. Oh geez Bro. I swear if we all got the car and farted at the same time and if we farted enough for long enough, we would all suffocate a hundred percent. We would all have to fart IQ for a long round of time. But we wouldn't suffocate because eventually we would run outta oxygen and it would just be fart air that we're breathing in and you can't live off a fart air. That's really creative. But no could say that. No. Wait Kate, can you please do something for me? Can you please do it in the style of how you did the skit, but with our names?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the breath. Like Do just one little bit, like something like that. How we respond to that or something. Oh my gosh. Oh man. Well I guess, I guess I'll start with cash. This is cash bro. You know what I was thinking about? If I farted enough I could suffocate myself. Maverick. No, no cash. You couldn't do that. Listen to me. Yes I could. Yes I could. Joe. I think he's onto something here. Maverick. Nope. You guys are idiots. He would not do that Cash, bro. Yes. I'll go sit in my car for 12 hours and I will fart consecutively. Maverick. That's not even possible. You probably couldn't do that. Cash. Joe says, oh cash, I'll join you. Let's do it together. Let's see what happens after that. And so then Maverick's like, well if you guys are gonna do it, I guess I'll join y'all in on it.


And so that's how y'all got on the conversation of, well we should all go on the car and fart together for 12 hours. Ah, it was pretty accurate. Yeah, that's pretty good, honestly. Yeah, I was like a little bit too young for the Justin Bieber era. I remember I was like five or six. I wish I would've been like a 12-year-old girl in Justin Bieber's peak time. Why you think you have a chance? No, I Wish I literally, well obviously now he was like, would've been like 16 or 17. But I wish I was just like, I got the full fangirl experience, you know, buying the perfumes. Yeah, I don't, I don't feel like there's any like Harper. I don think there's anybody that people fan girl over anymore. Not like that. No. Or like, like there used to be like know One Direction and Justin Bieber, but like there's like no one now.


Like there's like Harper Band type of people, but like Yeah, apparently there Were a lot of moms who went crazy over Usher from the halftime show. When you took Your shirt off, whatcha going through your head? Oh my gosh. I, We Literally gagged when Usher started stripping on the stage. We were like, what is bro doing? Like that was what? That was pretty crazy. Knock out. That was insane. I liked it. Well You were suspiciously quiet. Matt was watching on his phone. He just, he clicked the little ten second back thing twice. No Harper. No, I agree. I don't understand why are, yes. I don't understand why there's like are recording, not like fan girls like that anymore. Record like One Direction. People bought the perfumes, what's it called? Like Justin Bieber, stuff like that.


Taylor Swift had some perfumes I think like yeah, I guess everyone's fangirling over Taylor Swift now. I cannot stand the public school system dude. Like they're so I have learned, I was like, you know obviously when you're in high school you're like, oh, like teachers are so mean. No, they're so rude to students. My sister is Harper Loves her teachers. Oh well No, I'm talking to my sister, at least my sister's school. The school I went to and I left because I hated it so much. But some she made it through. Congratulations Anna. You're graduating this week. I don't Think I've ever heard a student say a good, like, my school is just the best. No, I'm telling you Anna had sent multiple emails. There was some scholarship that they said, all you have to do is fill out this form and you'll get scholarship money.


But they didn't tell the kids until the due date, like the day it was due. So no one filled it out. And they all missed out on like a thousand dollars of scholarships. So then Anna's emailing their like principal and stuff and she's like, Hey, like what's up with this? Trying to get a response. She does not respond. And she was responding. Anna had other friends emailing. She was responding to those friends, but not Anna. So Anna had a loop in my mom and that was when they responded to her was when my mom got in the email thread and they responded within within a couple of minutes. And I was like, why could y'all not respond to her when she had like sent the email herself? We're in our 2012 Chevy Cruz that I've been telling him, Hey, we should get rid of for a while now. You know it's gonna start. Things are gonna gonna start. Things are already breaking, you know? Yeah. The roof's leaking. We just had to get, we just paid like a bunch of money to get it fixed for something else.


The windows have all dropped multiple times and we've had to get those fixed. So Yeah, but, but, but, but, but it's fixed now. Yeah. The windows I saw these aren't like active problems. So what happened? The roof is Leaking. I said cash, you know, maybe we should, we should get rid of it before we start spending too much money. He goes, that's ridiculous. Pulls the door. You're good. I was just having fun. Go for it. He Pulls the door handle to let himself out of the car and the door handle completely falls off in his hand and he can't get outta the car now. Oh, what's up? Shame mom. He said, can you come upop? I'm driving. It was the passenger side door. He said, can you come open my door now? Yes. So this is cash. Oh no. Holding our door handle.


Oh. So now to get out the car, I gotta put one of those where you rolled down the window and you grab like this and then you roll the window back up. I then you gotta go. Hey, That's fine. Open the door. I think it's fine. The car's still running. Good. That's what I'm saying. Why it's kicking. You can still ride in it. Oops. We Were sitting at lunch today and like, no, we're not talking just me. And cash and cash goes and I'm like, what are you laughing at? And he goes, Maverick's the kind of guy that would just ironically Stop, stop, stop, stop. Before you say this, I had a Maverick, the type of guy thought I had, the, the type of guy I thought in real life, like I was in real life.


And I was like, MA's the type of guy. It was hilarious. Yeah. I was like, what? He was like, maverick's the type of guy to pull his girl's chair out and go, my lady. And then, oh, And that is, and I said you would just not, you would not think that's a joke. You, and then you Would say cash would go my lady. And you would go, what? Why are you acting like, that's weird? That's not weird my lady. You Ever heard of that? Oh, here's why cash is getting that from, I open the car door, I open the car door for Kenzie. When, when we are leaving places it, most of the time, probably 90% of the time cash has never opened Kate's door. That's not true. Every time we get in the car it's like, how come you don't act like that? How come you don't do that?


And he's like, well a Lady, A lady know. So now he's trying to make it look like I'm weird to not, no cash Gets my door. No, obviously No, because look, why you what I did? I got her, I got your door today. Twice. He would do The leg cross too. He would literally be like this, he'd be like My lady. And, and then we, we were watching And then everybody at the table would be like, We were watching friends yesterday. Here's the thing is like, you're saying it like in a bad way, but like there's part of me that goes like, like I Can see myself pulling out chair and going my lady just as like a joke. Just as like a joke. But not like a my lady like for real go down like a I like to hear my own self talk. So I'm gonna say something.


No, no. Look. This is how good I'm right here. My lady. Me my lady. What K I'm sorry. Your vocabulary is so small. You don't know how to use actual work. Sorry. It is, did you see the last podcast? You guys should have seen it. It was the, or I don I don't by now it won't be the last podcast. But it was the food one and we did like a little cut. We had to insert something so cash didn't look so bad. And he's like, listen, since this podcast was filmed, I have knowledge myself ledge myself. Knowledge myself is crazy. Knowledge myself. That is that not a worth We were watching. That's what I'm talking about. See you woke. Vocabulary So small. Wait is knowledge. A girl is, wait, wait. Is knowledge not a word? You wouldn't use it? Like I have knowledge myself. A girl went up to my friend today. My ignorance. Wait, is that a word?


It's just funny 'cause he's talking about getting smarter. He's like, I have acknowledged myself of my ignorance. No, it is a word. You just would never use it Like that. No, it's not a word. Knowledge. Knowledge. Knowledge is not a word. See, you guys are perfect for each other. This is French knowledge. You? No. Oh, you're Talking about the last letter. Knowledge. Knowledge. Knowledge is practically a real word. Oh yeah, it is. You know what it is. You know what it means? I hooked it up. It, it means something about like genocide in German. Like it means nothing. About what? Genocide again. What's gen genocide? Oh, Oh wait, should I, I forgot what genocide is. Like. Like mass killing of like a race or a group of people? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, okay.


So you acknowledged Yourself. Gross question. We were watching friends yesterday and I pulled the picture up to show everyone. But Ks and I were watching. We were like, let me guess you thought I was Ross. No, No, you, the guy walks out in this outfit, so he's like a side character. It's like the only episode he's in. He walks out in this outfit and I'm like, Mav would wear that to dinner like on a dinner date. Why doesn't Rick talk about me behind my back so much? Because you're the type of guy we're all telling. But he's constantly talking about me. You see something, you're like, ha, that's dumb Maverick. No, we were like, Maverick would walk out on this and we'd be like, where are you going dressed like that? And you would say, I'm Going, can you pull up the outfit? I'm going out on a dinner date. And we really, What?


I see that's the fit. I see that that's the fit. Maverick would wear that out on a legitimate occasion. What? What though? Yeah. What you talking about? Like be like I'm just taking Kinzie out to a nice dinner. I'm sorry. You don't go to nice dinners and you don't have to dress Up. His comeback is like always like, oh dude, that hurt my tibula. You tan. No, Tula is not a word dude. That's the type of guy to slide past somebody and say, let me slide right past you. No, I would not say that. That, and by the way, that is your tibula. I'm just preach. You tell me slide. No, no, no. The top of it is not your tibula. That's my tibula. What are you talking about? No, the tibula iss in the front Maps is our beside guy to say a little birdie told Me a little, No, I'm not.


See that's what I'm not, I'm not that type of guy. You know what I'd say, if I'm going past someone cash, what do I say? If I'm going past someone, what'd he say? What I wanna know if cash cash knows someone's like in my way, I'm walking through by 'em in a store. Like, what am I saying? Like did you bump 'em? Like what's like maybe I have to kind of like scoot by. I'm like, what am I saying? Wait, set the set the scenario. Oh, I Tell you, What am I saying? Scream With the lights. Go out. You're Matt's gonna, Matt's gonna Do, there's only one thing I say. He's gonna use the voice that he talks to waitresses in. Excuse Me, Ma'am. That's it. Excuse me, ma'am. What? He's gonna be like y'all, he's gonna be like, oh, he is gonna go. Pardon me? That, that's it. That's why I say every time I have been too friendly though. And girls have thought I might be interested in them because I'm so friendly.


So you're not friendly anymore? I'm less friendly at church. Yeah. 'cause I've had girls at church be like, oh, well yeah, like the first like month, like when you invited me to like, come sit with your group. Like, I thought maybe you were like interested in me. And I'm like, oh no, I sitting alone. You guys get notice that I just saw you sitting alone. It's crazy. Do you guys get notice at church? Occasionally, but not like, it's not like, it's just like, it's just church. Yeah. Yeah. It's usually, It'll just usually be like The church we go to now. Yeah. But I love the kids there. Oh my gosh. I love our church so much. I started serving in the kids ministry That makes me wanna pop babies out like no tomorrow. Yeah. It's been what? Yeah. No, it's been not good. Don't say that. Not Yeah.


Tell that was made you as uncomfortable. Reword it. Please. Like, it makes me wanna just have a baby or something like that. Pop babies out like no. Tomorrow. Honestly, literally about any way else you could have said it would've been better. I, That's gonna be the peak Where everybody watches back. I pop babies out like, no, tomorrow I want Pop babies outta my right, outta my belly bud. Pop 'em everywhere. Or according to Harper, right outta my bottle. I pop, I wanna pop babies on my ears, my nostrils. Sure. Pop them out everywhere. The kids ministry makes me want babies so bad. I had 10 babies in our room the other day. I was like, No. Tomorrow. First of all, I don know who goes into our room with 10 babies and comes out going, I want a baby.


Like what? I don wanna Take them all. They're so sweet. Kate finally signed up day one, she comes back, I go, how'd it go? She's like, I want a baby. I was like, ah, get away from me. No, I, it's making me want a kid so bad. Really? So bad. I love kids, but, but like, I know you want like a baby and all, but like, do you really want like a whole full on like 7-year-old? Like you gotta be in charge of it. You seven years still there. Imagine you were taking care of me right now. Like, just imagine that. And I'm like, mom, stop. You're being so annoying. Stop. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Let's have a, let's have an ar. Oh yeah. Can You, can you be her kid? Okay. Be her Kid. So, mom, can I go to this thing on Saturday? Whether it be drugs? Yeah. Okay.


I mean, yeah, but I'm not gonna take them. You should trust me. I don't know what, why you're not trusting me. Why are you not trusting me? Mom, you're, you're right. You can go. Okay. Thanks. And then I would proceed to call the cops on the party myself, actually. And she would never know that it was me. Well, okay. Re redo, redo, redo. Okay. Hi mom. She's Manipulative. I thought this was manipulative. Yeah. Mom, can I hang out with my friends? Sure. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Ask her if You can do drugs or something. I don parent. You're supposed to say no. Say no. No. You say no. What? Parent just goes Sure. Say no. You have to go until you stay In your room. Can I go hang out with all these boys tonight? Okay. Mom, can I go hang out with all these guys tonight? Like all of them. They're so nice and funny and they always like pick me up.


They're, they're always throwing me around because They Say that I'm like the smallest girl there. I don't know why I, I don't know why they're, I don't like this. I just want a baby. They're like, mom. They're like, I just want a baby. I Just want a baby, Not A teenage girl. Okay. So she's gonna go. So can I go? Yeah, Sure. You're not my kid. What? No. I don't care what You do Harper. Ashley. Ow. What, what the heck was that? I just Peeled a sunburn off my face. Let me see. What, did you punish yourself? No. You're gonna you're gonna hurt me. You're gonna hurt me. There's nothing there. Okay. Well Mom, mom, I'm not your, your mom's Over there. Just stop Looking at me. No, can can you just please act like a mom broke? Sure. I'll Cosplay. Okay. Okay. So you're my mom.


Kate Cos playing. You're not leaving this house? No. You clean your room. I'm knitting right now. Okay. Okay. Hey mom, I'm knitting. Hey mom. Can I hang out with? No. Oh, why? Because I said so. Yeah, that's more like it. That's Real realistic. Okay, well, I'm gonna Go outside and go Right now. You're tearing this family Apart. You know that I you're ruining Everything. You're gonna make her cry. Mom, Can I please go hang out with my foot? Not until you clean your room. I already told You so. I already cleaned my room. No, you didn't. I, I saw cleaned room mom. I was just up there. I just, my you were ruining my life. I'm going, I'm sorry. I'm okay.


You. That was my, that was my least favorite line growing up. Clean your room. I did. No you didn't. How you gonna tell me? I didn't. I just went and did it. And then I come back and say I, me and you never cleaned our never cleaned that. Our standard of clean was not near. I know. No, we pushed you all to the bed. Wherever we could hide. My mom would be like, you gotta pick all this up. Closet door shut. Let's, before You can go do something, we would just stuff All my mom shuts in my closet door and under my bed before I leave. Really? Yeah. That's what my mom had to start doing. Am going to be so, ah, I'm more scared about the filth with kids. The filth Just dirtiness. Oh yeah. You're gonna be done. I hold hair back when they throw up.


Yeah. Kate freaks out over dirt. Yeah. Kate was trying to, Kate was like, I don't want our kids playing on indoor playgrounds. I was like, oh, Well I threw up in one of those and I didn't tell nobody. And I just know that there was another kid who went up there after me and found my throw up. If I would've went up there and found your throw up in there, I would've thrown up in there as well. And then you would've Been too scared To tell someone to. And then there would've been a lot to throw up there. Ah, poor employee. Whoever had to g clean that up. Yeah. Imagine just the smell trying to go into there. Oh, I would throw up if I was the employee just having go in there. You just got there. It's gotten matter. I wonder. And it's Two Kate. Oh, I wonder if it Kate. What? No, no, no. Read it. No. That was from a Deer fan.


Read that. A deer fan. Kate, you're honestly so cringe every time you talk. I don't think that I Disagree. I wish Kyle would come back. He was better and funnier than you in every way. Go away way before you go tell cash to please shut up. His voice is annoying at yummy noodle. 4, 2, 1. Yummy noodle. Yummy noodle. Yummy. Did he, did he put caps when you screamed? Or that was just your own flare? Okay. No, that was, that was Wow. Caps yummy noodle. Hit her where it hurts You Look oddly like Kyle Noodle ain't A noodle. I'm not cold, Kyle Ka what I see myself with. What up now?


You doing? Hey. Say say say Snoop Dogg dog. Drop the phones. Double D. Double G. Did y'all's moms ever wash your mouth out? Yes. Really? No. Dawn Dish soap is embedded in my brain. Really? What flavor was best? It? I wasn't, it wasn't good. The Lemon. The lemon Lemon seems like the worst flavor to get your mouth washed out with. Yeah. Wait, you said your grandma did? My grandma did. And my grandma never got onto me. Ever. Wait, your grandma washed your mouth out. Yeah, my grandma would never punish me. What? That's what I'm saying. My grandma never punished me. Ever. And then one day she was just like, open your mouth, put the suit. I was like, oh yeah, What'd do I Opened my mouth. 'cause I thought she was joking and then she just Squirted some Pants over there and I was like, oh, She's Being so for real.


It's crazy. Grandma. Don't mess around though. What did My Grandma only got mad at me one time. Really? What'd you do? I don't remember, but I remember what she did. She was like, STO piece. Stop It. And that was it. That's, that's it. She sp out the word stop. I saw the craziest freaking homicide happen yesterday. What's a Homicide? A murder. You said, you know, like in Minecraft when you jump off the cliff, that's a homicide. So a suicide? No. Oh, what? No. Oh no. That's a suicide homicide. Oh. You know, so when you're on Minecraft and somebody pushes you off the cliff. Yeah. That's a and that's a homicide murder. What's the craziest thing? Yesterday? Maverick's girlfriend has a dog.


What? Oh, that Absolutely annihilated a lizard. I had never seen something so brutal. It Wasn't that brutal. No. Listen, The dog was like running around in the backyard and there's this like giant lizard. It was literally like that big right m It was a pretty, it Was a fat lizard front. It was a fat Liz that couldn't run. You need to lose some weight. He literally Was like Strap. I'm kind of curious how the lizard didn't outrun the big giant dog. The Too much was like running around and didn't like see the lizard. And we were like, oh my gosh. Like she doesn't see the lizard. And Mav kinda like touched the lizard and it started squirming. So the dog saw it obviously. And the dog went crazy. She grabbed, she said, and the tail flew off the lizard.


Don't worry. Those girl back. And The tail was like, squiggling still. Oh no. And the lizard. And then Kenzie grabs her dog and she's like, still a No, still a no. And mom's like trying to save the lizard. And he's like, come on buddy. Come On. And what were you trying to do to save the lizard? A little cpr. Him bring him back was like duct taping the tail back on. He's like, yo, Pete, fine. It'll work just like he used to. I rehabbed him. He's fine. And then He, yeah, somehow the lizard like was resuscitated from Maverick CPR. He's the Lizard Hero. So do the lizard. People just all worship, you know, they is like, please me, attached to my tail. He saved the lizard's life. And the lizard had a second chance at life. Yeah. But so stupidly ran to the one spot where the dog could get her again.


So then he goes under the grill And Stella, wait, it's not over. No. Stella sees the dog, sees the lizard on, we'll call it Lizard Jed. Jed goes under the grill and Stella the dog is like under the grill trying to get to Jed. And Jed was stuck under there until finally Kinzie grab Stella again. And then Mav like picked him up and threw him over the fence or something. So Did Jed Live, Jed Dunno what happened. Jed's alive in wealth. He's not, you don't think he bled out? Jet. He told his friends and he, he brought me some other dead. You wanna know who has the most expensive costume? Wait, wait, don't tell me. I'm gonna guess. The most expensive costume is Har.


No, Harper's himself. Team you. Team you. Mavericks. Maybe team you. Why'd y'all say team? You like that because it said, you said it. Team you, team you. Team u Team. You shop Like a billionaire. Shop Like a billionaire. If you guys ever saw their, their Super Bowl ad. It was crazy. You play really 10. It was the most expensive costume. You Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. This thing's like a balloon. Yours was the most expensive And very like very horrible material. Very inside. Really? Well that was the only joy dress I could find on the internet. And it was like, 'cause yours was, I had to get like the biggest size too. How much was it? Oh nice. Oh, it was like 80 bucks for the dress. $80. Woo. I'm not joyful no more.


All of ours were, Harper's was very cheap. Was Team U. Imagine you return that. They're like, what happened to the inside of this dress? It is just yellow. It's yellow. Yeah. Yeah. That's rough. But yeah, Harper's was all Team U. So hers together was like under $20. Dave, these jeans are Good quality for Team U. Yeah. I was worried they weren't gonna fit you, but all of it was Timo. And then Maverick, his pants were Amazon and I think he had his shirt and then his hair and tie, which was not that bad. What Is is Inside Out? Disney? Yeah, Disney. Pixar Pix. Well, it's Y's favorite Disney movie. Probably if I'm gonna be honest. I get bored of Inside Out a lot because like, I've watched it so many times. But my favorite, I mean, yeah, that makes sense. No, yeah. But my favorite Disney movie is probably, I don't think I really, I can't think of Disney movies besides Like, I'm, I really like, besides like princess' ones.


I can't think of like other ones. What? Oh well I really like The Beauty and the Beast movie. Like the live action one. But if we're not doing princess Movies, oh, my favorite is Nemo. Finding Nemo. That's a good one. That's, that's, That's Nemo Or Cars? That's Nickelodeon Cars is pretty good. Nemos and cars. Nemos and cars Actually. What's yours? Mav? I think cars is good. Oh, wait, wait, wait. No, no, no. But the Fox one. Huh? Big Red? No, the Fox. Fox? No, the Fox. He's a fox. The Oh yeah. Zootopia Utopia. Zootopia Zootopia. That's a banger, man. There's a Coco Coco. Oh. Oh. There's a, there's another Zootopia movie coming out. No way. Yeah. Zootopia two. Oh, let's go.


Zootopia is so good. Cocoa is like kind of my favorite. 'cause Coco, Cocoa. What's Cocoa? Cocoa. It's came Out. You like the Mexican heritage? No, it's That one. I don't, it's not necessarily that. It's like, That's that the Waka. But What's it called? Like I, I like either like Cocoa or Coralline. Which is not, which is not, what's it called? It is not. Well, if we're doing Pixar, I don't even know. Pixar. Definitely It's Disney, Pixar. Yeah, I know. But like, there's Disney, it's Pixar, Disney and Pixar are the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Di Pixar. Pixar animation. Like a branch off of Disney. Almost like, you know how like there's like the Disney princesses? Disney Marvel.


Yeah. What? Yeah. On the way to Italy. Yeah. Marvel owns Disney On the way to Italy. Or Disney owns Marvel. Yeah. Really? So anyways, Why don't they just call it all Disney And there's like Star Wars. Oh, okay. I brought 'em up to like, 'cause I knew I was forgetting stuff, but like, there's Toy Story. Toy Story is pretty, Toy Story is not that good. Yes. Rati. No, No, no. Hattie's not. Rati is so good. I don't care what y'all say. Cars Zootopia. And Finding Nemo up is pretty good. Cruise. Cruise is good. Cruise the Cruise light. Your movie on Disney Plus Like the caveman. I watched that one recently. It was good. I've never heard of that. What do you mean You've never seen crude, you'd like crude. Crude, monster. Zinc. Monster Monster. Zinc is pretty good. Crude. Wait, you should dress up as crude.


Wait, look up crude. I wanna see it. Oh, you would like it. They're cavemen. Yeah. Why does everybody think I like caveman? What the heck? What y'all go, you'd like it. They're caveman and then ca goes, oh, you like it. They're caveman. They're caveman. Why the heck do I like caveman? You, you act like a caveman. Oh, I'm, I'm, we need to watch that. Can You, can you like please put that on our movie list or something? Because you're like, oh, caveman and I wanna watch it on the way To Italy. On the way to Italy, I watched Cocoa and Zootopia and, and Encanto and the worst one out of all of them was Encanto. I didn't really like Encanto. Yeah. You Guys know what happened to me when I was in Mexico. What? You're not gonna believe me. Okay.


I'm excited now. So I quite literally almost lost my life. Not to be dramatic or anything, but I did. And what Kate, wait, almost Kate Baker almost loses her life in Mexico. Please we're here with her now. Please tell us the story. So I was laying out in the sun tanning as one white girl does when she's in Mexico. Except the clouds were out. It was a rainy day. So there was really no tan happening, but I was still laying down. Wow. That really fits your character right now. Yeah. Yeah. Ting with cloud top laying outside in the clouds. Yeah. Anyways, so I'm laying there sad under the clouds. It was a wonderful time. And it starts raining on us. I was like, well this couldn't be better.


And we were like, okay, well now that it's rain, let's go. Was it cold? No. Oh. It was like 80 degrees, but it started sprinkling on us and like, I had my book out. So we were like, well let's just go into the cab for a second. And the winds start like getting like, who? Like really bad winds. Like kind of Wind. Yeah. Wind was winded. Yeah. So me and my sister-in-law get up and we're walking away and each, you know, what are they called? Chairs? All each chairs. There's like two chairs. And then one of those huge umbrellas, like the 10 foot tall, like ginormous, heavy ones. And we're walking away and you know, the wind is going crazy. And then I literally hear, I'm walking and I hear everyone in the pool go. And I hear the big umbrella.


The one that's like 20 feet away from me flies at me and it drops. I'm not even joking. Less than a foot behind me. No. It like literally was gonna knock me out. And everyone was like, oh my gosh. And I turned around and I'm like, that was like over there. And that was right behind me. You Shoulda hit you. I know it would've been a way better story if I let it hit me, But Oh no, I was talking about the lawsuit. Money from a giant hotel. Millions. I'm talking millions. You wanna Know Crazy cruise story? I've never been on a cruise, but I got a crazy cruise story for you. How do you have A crazy cruise story if you've never been on a cruise? This makes no sense. Through a friend of a friend of a friend. Anyways. Okay. That means, that means she saw it on TikTok. No. So my, from a friend of a friend, my brother is like best.


I feel like I'm not sitting lady. Like, no. Yeah, you're definitely not. How embarrassing. Anyways, my brother is like, two best friends. Were on a cruise a couple years ago and they're like in their cruise room and like right outside their door at night they hear like this crazy commotion and they go out and there's all these people and they're like, oh, that's weird. They just assumed it was like good. Yeah. They were like, well it's probably just some drunk fights or whatever. They wake up the next morning and they find out Has Ben Diesel shoot another Fast and Furious movie? No, it wasn't. Oh, that would've been way cooler though. Anyway, so two rooms down, the couple that was in that room, two rooms down had just gotten married and they were on their honeymoon. The guy cheats on his wife on their honeymoon on the cruise with another woman.


No, the wife finds out there's no shot. The wife finds out, kills him with a butter knife. What? No, no. On the Cruise. No. Kills him with a butter knife. No. And so for the rest of the cruise, they would walk past that door and there was like caution tape all over the door and stuff. No way. Wow. 'cause it was literally a crime scene and the woman like got taken to the prison on the cruise and yeah. Wait, wait, wait. This happened on which cruise? One your brother went on. It was, you know the, the wedding we went to? Yeah, that couple. There's there's no way. Yeah, No shot. Y'all went to the weddings? The couple wedding? No, No, no, no, no, no, no. Not that couple. The wedding, We went the wedding. We like this couple's wedding we went to It was their cruise. Yeah. And they, it was the, it Was a cruise that that couple went on. Like the people we know, Oh, I've gotta go on more cruises.


Yes, it sounds great of all. But you know, I'm, you know, homie probably shouldn't have cheated on his honeymoon, but like also a butter knife. That's why I'm saying like, that's What me, that's what I was Like, Kenzie came at me with a butter knife. I think I Can, how, how is he? I go to a butter knife. If, if somebody's ever attacked me with a butter knife, I'm just, I'm just gonna tell you right now, I wanna Know how strong this woman was. I'm just gonna be like to take Her, kill my husband out with a butter knife. Knife. If Karen kill me, don't try it with a butter knife. I'll laugh at you. Even if you are succeeding. I'm gonna laugh at you the whole time. I'll be like, really A butter knife. I thought you're doing this. Really? But what does scare me about Behind you look like butter. You, you Actually do look like you took a butter stick. And just brush me In your face. You know what cash tells?


Cash always says anytime we're talking about a girl, if we're ever talking about a girl that he like hung out with or kissed or anything, he's like, yeah, but you, you actually would've really liked her. You would've been really good friends with her. I'm like, well that chance is ruined now that you went and made out with her. No, that's awkward. Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's not true. You became very good friends with a girl that I kissed one time. Multiple Girls. Actually. Yeah. No, no, not multiple. Really? Brooke. Brooke Monk. Oh, only one Put it on blast. Kate. I'll say one. No. Two. Can we Talk about how Brooke Monk gets a million likes each video? That is, I mean, crazy statement. No, no, No. She does like it. It's insane. Like I, I was, I stalk her almost every day and every day she gets a million likes each video.


I don't know Who you're talking about, but you should stop stalking people. I Okay, stalker. Who Were you saying? Now that I put the name on blast, I'm gonna tell y'all a funny story. So we were in a hotel room. It was me. Oh No, I don know. Don't say all the names. It Was me, Sasha's sister and two other girls. Paige, I'm not saying names. Oh, Two other names. Two other girls. Paige, Two other girls. We'll call them Cheryl and Carol Paige. So no, Cheryl and Carol. I, We call them age. And who else? And and was one of of them Paige? Yes. One of 'em was Paige. Oh no. Anyways, we were all four in a hotel room.


Wait, say who it all it was again, I, it Was me, Cass's sister and two other girls. Paige? Yes, Paige was one of the other girls. Okay. Anyways, so Was sitting there, you Cash math her Cass's sister and no Cash. Mad Laney, My sister La Laney And One other girl. LA Shut up. La Laney Kate Cash? No. Laney la No, no. Shut up. Listen. What me, Lainey, Paige and one other girl All now can I say it? So, Kay Laney, Paige and another girl. Yes. Whose name is Kate? Or whose name? Hi Job. Whose name is Daniel? Daniel.


No, I never, never kiss to Daniel. I didn't kiss to Daniel. No, But we were all sitting in this hotel room Talking And we were talking about how cash like messed with me for the longest time. And the two, not Cash's sister, but the other two girls had been friends with cash before we started dating. And they were like, yes, everyone knew he was in love with you and it was so annoying to watch him do that and blah, blah, blah, Blah. Do what? What Whoa. Watch him do. That's crazy. What do you mean? They said that? What do you mean do that? They, they just knew that you liked me, but then you would like mess around with other girls. Stop Saying mess around. Okay. I, I, I just told Kate I couldn't messed around. I was 17. I was like better boy over there. But I messed around Kate means I was 17 and I said I didn't want a girlfriend. And he went and he kissed like 30 plus girls. No, no.


I kissed a couple of girls that day. I don want those girls to look now and look at what they kissed. Look at this. I'm A real winner. Y'all did. Well anyways, finish the story. But we're all sitting there and because we were also talking about the other girls and like guys they've kissed and stuff. Yeah. And Leni goes, wait, everyone in this hotel room has kissed my brother. What? Because What the, All of us had kissed cash. And she was like, what? And yeah, that was the story as we all three were looking at each other. We were like, we all have kissed Cash. What can I say? I kissed a bunch of women and then I got them all to still be friends with each other. No, You kissed. You kissed a bunch of women and three of them were friends.


Nobody, I'm not friends with anyone else. You kissed. You can't say anything about Harper playing games because you, you Were the Ultimate. You were, you were like the professional gamer. She literally asked me on the way here, she's talking about a guy and how he is, he was playing games with her and stuff. And she was like, but it's okay. 'cause didn't cast you that to you. No. That's not okay. That's crazy. Harper's actually gonna come to your wedding. Oh, possibly. Oh yeah, she probably will possible. And if you make good enough friends with her, maybe You can be a bridesmaid. Wait, but I'm like 15 though. Well, a junior bridesmaid. A junior bridesmaid? Yeah. Okay. I mean, but this is just too, too crazy. I Don, you know what, I just, I'm with you Harper. Four weeks is crazy. I know. It's just too much harder to be a bride trade.


It's not. I've waited four years to have a friend. No, Finally. You haven't had a friend in four years. Yeah. That's something You can say that she's, she's like, I need someone to marry into the family so they can't leave. So I have a friend. What happened? All friend Elephant, You don't understand why I you, I spend every day with cash. You Sound like donkey off track And Maverick. And I'm just the only girl. Well, I don't spend every day with you. I see you a couple times a week, which is honestly amazing. It's so good when I have a, when another female walks into the house, I'm like, wow, y'all exist. Yeah. There's girls on the outside. So I need them to get married as soon as possible so that I always have at least one girl around. There you go do it for Kate. Yeah. You Literally sound like donkey off of track.


Like, but I don't have any friends. I do have friends. I got great idea. I have a couple of friends, I have a couple of really good friends that I love. Same. But I don't see them all day, every day. Like I'm with the boys and Case y'all are wondering, Kate always tries to make people feel bad saying she has no friends. That's not true. She's literally doing a surprise birthday party tonight for two friends, for one, for two of her friends. My two out of my three friends. Wait, who are your friends? It's my friend Kate and my friend Hailey. And then Whose other one? I have Trinity. Oh I have, oh, I have another one. Lily Trinity. Lily Cash or Kate. Oh, Lily, you hear that? She forgot about you. You're not a real friend. That is not true. A great Friend. That is not true. Lily's just at college and I haven't seen her much lately.


You Know what's crazy though? I've seen there's this trend on TikTok where everybody's showing off their Snapchat streaks. Markel Washington made a video on it and his Snapchat streak is almost 3000 days. Oh my goodness. That's crazy. That's like's three days. Actually had it since he was like 12. He almost has one. That's nine years. Yeah. That's insane. That's crazy. Insane. Wow. Every, every single day. Like what if you snap somebody like 10,000 times a day? Wouldn't that be crazy? Like That Would be that. That would be crazy. That's How people get high SNAP scores. What's your SNAP scores? Yeah, I was About to. Is it? Yeah. My SNAP scores like one 90 something, one 70. I Did not believe that. No, I should checked It. Well we talked about this the other day, but I forgot what Yours was. We did. I don't even know if we ever checked Harper's.


Y'all were too busy dogging about me. Yeah. Did we ever check Harper's? Did everyone realize that Kate lied about hers? I didn't lie in that episode. What do you mean? I didn't lie? Yeah, you did. And That's 1 1 78. That's actually not that bad. No. Kate lied about hers in that episode. I didn't What did you say? It was way higher. What did I Say? We were going off and then it was way higher. So what's your real SNAP score? Oh, you're so right, because they were Like, yeah, now she's coming out Soon. No, no, no. I remember because I was like, I lied about it for the video and I was gonna eventually tell y'all, but then by the time I was literally gonna tell y'all, y'all already moved on. Wait, you lied about it in the first. I think I said like my SNAP score was like 400 something. Wait, And what is it? I don't know. Let me see. I don't know. Let me see. Harper Check. I'm actually looking, I'm driving. Look right now. I upset about this and I forgot all the SNAP scores. Yeah. Gosh, wait, I'm Tripping.


Did we lose our streak? It's 677,000. Wait, wait what? 677,000. We're Gonna lose our streak. It's on the timer. Oh no, I, We have nine, 9 cents again. No, I'm like literally Okay. I Just, I just saved it. We're at 94 days. 600,000 is crazy. Wait, wait, how Many was like 10? Like 50? 50? I have like 52. Wait, how many do you have? Was This your streaks or just on your snap? Okay, sorry Harper, How many do you have? How Many? How many do I have? We have 150. What's your SNAP score? My SNAP score is, this is 1 77. 1 78. And What's yours? So 2 77 really low. We'll say 2 75, 2 70 fives like 30. Can I just make a new Snapchat to save myself?


Wait, Wait. Right now we're at 2 75 is 53. 53. So we're at 2 75. We're at 3 25. Alex, what's yours? 10 K. 10 K. So we're 3 85. What's yours? Yeah. Hey, what's yours? Keep in mind she had say she's had Snap for 13 days. One of Harper's two weeks, 51. One of Harper's friends is here. Oh wait, what is it at? I've had 51 total. 50,000. She, She has Snapchat for two weeks. She just got it. She's had it For two weeks. I've had it for, I've had mine for like 10 years, Years. Wait, 51, not 51,000. And mine is the Same as, oh yours, 51,000 in two weeks. Wait, how is that possible? Hold on. What school? Plus the whole market? No, no, no. But how did you get to 51,000?


51,000 in two weeks. That's, I told y'all it's a main form. Communication. I had 51,000 in like 10 years. So right now we're at 3 75. And Alexis, how much do you have? 28. Yeah, so 3 75. Hey, Don't do the, like You're on the podcast. I used to do that too. When you do Like On, so wait, wait. Two weeks. She's at 51,000. Wait Matt, Matt, listen with everyone here put together, we're at 400,000. Oh wow. Okay. Does more than everyone Here put together? No, that's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 people. Some Of y'all have clearly never mass snapped. And me and Kayla are on the same wavelength because that's No, no, no. Kayla is on her own wavelength.


51,000 in two weeks. I'm sorry Kayla. But you are on snap a little much. I know. I try to tell you, but you're, no, lemme answer my tweaks 1 million. What? Oh, I have friends with over A million saying, but anyways, no, no, no. You realize it's been two weeks. You're at 51,000. Yes ma'am. We realize that. I understand. I'm snap on it. That means, wait, Do you get points For stories Too, Justin? 400,000. Oh, in 16 weeks she'll be at 800,000 and just four months she'll be at 800,000. Wait Matt, listen to this's. What I'm saying, Matt, listen, with seven people here put together, Kate still has 200,000 more than all. Well, I want y'all to know that You're a sleigh With all of my friends though.


Like 600,000 is very average for all of like me and all of my friends. What? That's so normal. Like I just checked my friend Caitlin, she has 1.1 million. Oh, Lily has, oh, I'm all these friends are coming from all a sudden. Yeah. All these friends died. I just checked my recent one. I thought you had three friends. I Do. I was naming my three friends. No. Who's Caitlin? That's a new one. We have all these new friends now. I was checking my snap. What? And Caitlyn, she has 1.1 and 1.1 million. Hailey Has sister like three 90 and Lily has six 90. How much does your sister have? YI have to restore me and my sister streak. Oh No.


Ask her to split the cost. It's 98 Days. How much money? How much money do you spend in getting street SPACs? Well, since I have Snapchat, plus I Can resort for free for one. Oh, So she pays for Snapchat plus. So Do you I restored it. Yeah. But For different reasons. Oh Guys, my sisters guess her snap score. What? One point something million. 1 million. It's 1.1. 25.4. It's 1,000,002. 125. 4 25. I'm Telling you guys that insane. When I was in middle school, I probably at probably, I spent like, or I would send like, well like over a couple hundred snaps a day. Just doing like snapback. Oh. Because you also get points for every snap you open. So if you have a hundred people send you a snap and then you send those a hundred peoples a snap, that's 200 snaps.


Just, it's Not on a flex to have a high snap score. I don't know why people override it so much. Like, or like, like it's not like, I'm not like, I'm not like trying to like be rude, but like I don't understand my sister. Like What? My sister, you said Snap. You Really hurts me. Yeah. Oh well I wish I could delete Snapchat now. I hate it so much. Why? Genuinely when I have to open up Snapchat, I'm like, freak this. I hate Snapchat. No, I get made fun of on Snapchat. I don't like it. Every time I open my Snapchat it's literally just, Hey, here's what you were doing four years ago. And it's me crying. Oh, It's Depressing. But all right. Kate, why don't, why couldn't you date Mav?


This is a long list. No, I'm gonna be honest. I think that had cash and I not just been the ones to start talking then. Or maybe if our age gap wasn't as big as it was. 'cause I think I met him when I was like 11 and you were probably like, what, 15? Something like that. Yeah. So obviously if 15 year old's not going for an 11-year-old, but I think had I been 14 and or 13, I could see myself Just see at least she's realistic. Yeah, I think, I think it could have, I think if the age difference was like different, it could have been a 50 50 shot Possibly dated. You're, you're in denial. Married is crazy. You're in denial. In denial. I don't know you. He's like, he's like, you love my wife. Yeah, you're in denial.


You, you and my wife. Fuck you. I hate this conversation. You like, this is weird guys. Y'all are weird. No, all I'm saying is is that it's weird. Look at which everyone agrees this conversation's weird. No, because all the you, you're making it weird because all I'm saying is is it's just like, is not weird. No, thank you. I'm just saying it's who you, me. It's weird. If you would've met Kate and I would've met Kenzie, everybody, you would just think that's normal. Yeah, sure. And if I had to bring up the conversation, then everybody would be like, this is a weird conversation. Wait, you can't deny. There's a huge difference between Kate's personality and Kenzie's personality. Yeah. I never did Kenzie. Me personally. That's my point. If I wanted a Kate, I would've went out and found a Kate. Yeah, you can't just go find a Kate. It's not, there's just Kate laying around. You can't. And I, you can't just go find a Kenzie.


You're telling me I can't go find a white chick that dyes her hair, that loves to shop at Target and, and goes to church on Sunday and and shops a Starbucks every single day. They're rare. You'd be surprised. I Can go in, I Can find probably one in that exact same outfit at Target right now. You guys, she literally walked into Target the other day. She goes, I'm everywhere. She said, she said, it's just me. I literally did, I walked into Target and there was probably five other girls wearing the same thing as me. I was like, this is terrifying. They were all fake blondes. They all had their hair pulled back in the same gold clip that I was wearing. We were all wearing those like oversized t-shirts with like biker shorts and freaking like running shoes.


I was like, wait, Which none of them bike or run? No, no. Like it was so That's so true. Why do they all wear biker shirts and they don't even bike anyways. Like I was saying, here's your options, Kate. Okay. Number one, you gotta, you got, you gotta name them before I give it to you. Okay. So I gotta What do you mean rank them? Does, how does she not understand? Do you mean Rank them My third? How do you not understand? Do you mean rank them? Like, oh I'm gonna kiss him, Kiss Mary, kill. Do you understand the game? Okay, first of all, yeah. Do you know how the game's played? Yeah. Okay. I'm caught up. I'm caught up to speed now. Okay. 'cause we've only played it three times. I get it now. Okay. Okay, Here we go. Option number one, Flynn Rider.


Oh. Oh. That's my husband. What you kissed? She are You Kiss Mary or killing? I'm married Flynn Rider. But you dunno the other options. No, there is no other options. There is no other options. I don't need to hear the rest. It's me and Flynn. Ryder for life. Okay, next. Sheldon. Oh, that feels Wrong from young Sheldon. Well, he's like 15 Young. Sheldon is, but just Sheldon is older. No, Sheldon. Just Sheldon as a person. Young or old or Wait, isn't the young Sheldon definitely like 18 plus now? No, He is like 15 Still. No way. Wow. I thought he was like old now. Sheldon gave her old children. Sheldon hit me up if you want. That would have been funny. Young Sheldon old. She just Sheldon as a person.


You can choose what era Sheldon as a person. It can be his college era. It doesn't matter. Oh gosh. I can't, I I fortunately Sheldon's just not my Type. Yeah, but are you gonna kill him? I Can I hear the third option? Nope. Okay, I'm gonna, he is gonna gimme like Shrek or something for the third option, then Anything Then. Then what do you wanna do? Give you Shrek. Is this Shrek is my third option. Yeah. We don't, we dunno. It's your third option. Okay, I'm gonna kiss Sheldon. We don't know who you're killing. You're locking that in. I mean, I'm not locking anything in. I'll change my answer after this. No, you have to lock it in. Well, That, that's not fair. No one else had to play like this. Yeah, But we played wrong. Sorry. The third, the third option was me.


Oh. Oh no. Oh, you just killed your husband. I thought it was gonna be someone I really wanted That walked out. Goodness. I'm kidding. The, I'm so sorry. That was crazy. No, I Definitely, I saved the best. Everybody knows they saved the best for us. We were supposed to save Marriage. I definitely, I definitely would've kissed you over. Oh Yeah. You say that, that now I would've kissed you over. Should've played your game differently. I would've, I would've, I would killed Sheldon. I think. Sorry, I've killed Sheldon. Kissed you and married Flynn for sure. Yeah. Well you what the, what did she just say? What is she saying? She Said she's still married. Flynn. Flynn Ryder. This is my husband. He's animated. No, that's my husband. It is a cartoon. Like cartoons. That's weirdo.


I like Flynn. Ryder. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Me. And you know what? Then I'd marry Cindy. Mine Mother. No, Cindy Rela. Oh. Oh no. Not your mother. Oh my goodness. What? How mine. That freaked me out, bro. Wait, did y'all think I met her mother? Yes. My mom. Alright, well then I'm marrying your mother. What? That is bad. That is really bad. No, Cinderella. Okay, Cool. That's great. I'm glad we Covered that. Well, if we're marrying mothers then No kidding. Does this give you an ick? You know, it kind of does. It's too long kind. Low teeth when they're long. It's kind of icky. Yeah. Wait, You don't like those? Not they're wrong.


I don't, I don't. Yours are. I'll be real. I don't think guys ever notice one time give a crap about nails. Not even the slightest. What? No. Like y'all do that for you. The amount of time girls talk about nails and like, I think that they think that like, oh, this is gonna look good. Like the amount Of money we spend on nails too is Crazy. And like, I, like I'm genuinely saying, I don't think a guy has ever noticed a girl's nails. Lemme put it this way, if I was dating, if Kenzie never like got her nails painted again, I don't think I'd ever notice me either. And like, you could get your nails done. You could redo them every single day. 60. And I don't know if I would notice. Wow. Unless it was like a crazy color. And I was like, why the freak?


Do you have orange on your hands? Sure. I know, but I probably spent like at least $1,200 on nail. Yeah. But I, I think y'all do that for yourselves. I don't think you're really doing it for us. Oh, A hundred percent. Dude. What? Oh, I mean whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That story flipped real quick. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What do you mean by that? I obviously get my nails done for myself. Oh, you obviously do it for yourself. So that's why when you come back and you're like, you didn't notice my nails. Well, because I would like to Oh, Because you, you were doing it for yourself. Well, when you almost have a breakdown because I didn't notice them. Well obviously I want you to notice them. So you're not doing it just for yourself. No, but like, I, I would rather She's doing it so she feels good. 'cause she wants you to tell her she's doing it for her. Yeah. But my point is, you weren't doing it just for yourself because you, you really don't like it if I don't Notice.


Well, I mean, I would get my nails done if I was single too. Yes. But you, I'm saying if you're doing it just for yourself, like for instance, like what's something that you just do for yourself? Brush. Brush Your teeth. Yeah, like brush your teeth. Like when you brush your teeth, you're not like, you didn't notice I brush my teeth like clothes. Because in reality you're doing that just for yourself. Well actually you could do it for other people. 'cause Kate does tell me to go brush my teeth for herself. I do. She does. I sure do. Do My hands are abnormally big. Like they, that was a form of bullying and I don't stand for that. What you I don't stand for that either. Look, my hands Are okay. What do you stand for? Not A lot. The flag. A lot. I'm currently like sitting right now, so my hands do look a little pel compared my son. I do stand like, like when the ice cream track is coming through the neighborhood.


Oh See, you see me jump if your door, I G's been a fat joke about herself. That was crazy. That was Not a fat joke. That was he saying? I like the ice cream. Ju. Oh, that was that way. That wasn't a fat joke. Wait, what Did y'all think of? What's wrong with like an ice cream truck? No, come on. I've Been to an ice cream truck recently. It's kind of humbling when there's an ice cream truck, like, like going through a neighborhood and you just have To like, I stress, I stress a Lot. You just have to kind of stand there and hope that they come back and like, because you know, usually they make a lap around the neighborhood. Stand there. No, you gotta run after it. What? Stand there. Who stands there And hope comes back. That is, she's like, why guys all just hope it comes back.


I was like, what? You can't even run after the thing. I can't. She's like, I too slow. The thing goes one mile an hour through the neighborhood. It's literally how often, how often you stand there and it doesn't come back there. Nevermind. There's, then she walks back. She walked back A wonderful diet. What? Huh? You said What? A strong talking about planet, the A CNA together. Strong. That's crazy. I don, every time there's an ice cream chunk in my neighborhood where I've ever been around one and I want one, I I follow the noise and I run. I I literally You slid outta that real fast. No.


Who? I follow the noise and I run. Never once have I thought an ice cream truck just stood outside and been like, Well I like in my, my, my neighborhood. Like they go back and there's no exit. So I know they're coming back. Mm. Oh. Like they have to drive back past me again to leave the neighborhood. So I, I, I don't have to run. I Can just stand there. But then I'm like, are they gonna know that I want ice cream or are they gonna think I'm just a pedestrian? 'cause I'm so old, like, you know, you usually, it's like a mall. Usually you would see someone like that, you know, looks like they're my age. Kids Guys. What do you mean? Like a 19-year-old girl can't get ice cream? No, it's just like, it feels awkward. Especially like when you're the only one out there scam. I'm gonna lie guys. I scam. I haven't, I got scammed by an ice cream truck. Actually.


Scammed. Scammed An ice cream truck scammed me so hard. I'm I'm glad you're finally realizing the prices are outrageous. No, No. This man played me so hard. I was a child. I was, I was young in adolescence and I heard the ice cream truck and this was a time in my life where I did go running after the ice cream truck. So Oh no. My dad, my dad gave me some money and I went and I picked out my ice cream and I had like a dollar change and he hands me my money and he goes, oh actually I thought I was getting such a good deal. He was like, actually, instead of giving you this dollar back, I Can give you two lollipops. I said, absolutely keep the dollar.


Gave me the lollipops. And then I was so proud of myself. I thought I negotiated something. Wait, That is crazy. You can probably upsell children really easy. You can have Nice inject my sister. It was probably a couple weeks after my grandma had passed and we got her cremated and she had been put in an nice pretty box. She's awaiting my grandpa and then Wow. Well your grandpa is not dead. No, but we we're gonna keep her until he dies and then he'll be cremated and they'll go together in a river. What, what is our culture? This is, this is horrible. Yeah. So anyways, my grandma, she's sitting on a nice shelf at home and I always say hi to her when I walk in at my parents' house. But Anna and my little sister had been dating this guy for a while and my mom was having a Christmas party and he comes in and I was like, oh, you wanna come say hi to our grandma?


And he was like, yeah. And I took him over to the box and I was like, this is grandma Ma. And I introduced him and I was like, grandma this, oh You're weird but a mom. And he literally homie Lookeded at the mom. Homie was looking out a box and he was like, Hello? And then Kate was like, Kate was so, it was the serious I've ever seen Kate. And Kate goes, You can say hi. And he looks at the box and he doesn't know it's a joke and he Like almost reached his hand, Dude, he doesn't even know it's a joke. And he is looked at the box and he was like, he was like, hi Grandmama. Did you call her Grandmama? Yeah. And Then, and then we're all behind him and we all just started busting out laughing. Oh my. It was like, he was like, I thought y'all were serious. She was like, that's Not funny. That is so messed up. But Grandmama would've appreciated it.


Why think's a joke about her life like that? Yeah. I don't think that's very funny. I think she would've wanted her. We're the only ones that are clearly know. It's okay. Not okay to say made a, a noise in the middle of a funeral story. Listen, I think she was trying totalk You think grandma would've wanted us to introduce her to Anna's boyfriend? I just like, like to have like, you know, I like to be mama be in my clothes. Do do did you know what I said? I know what you said. What did I say? I like to be A small bean in my clothes. Yes. How about this? Why Are you laughing hard? I'm like, damn, go at me. Do you know what I'm saying? She sounds like made her from cars.


Y'all my favorite character in any movie ever is Donkey. I just watched Strike for, I just watched Strike for the first time. Donkey is great. Shrek is low key that you on Shrek Key. Shrek has low key and inappropriate movies. Yeah. Yo don't be watching that. Yeah dude, I love Shrek. Shrek curses a lot, man. Yeah. I was like, oh my gosh. I, and then I looked it up, it's ready to pg. Wow. They Shrek curse. Yeah. Just he curses. No they don't. Yes he did. Cu indirectly. No, they straight up cussed four times in the first movie. What Ka You know That that's an alternative for donkey though. Yeah, but he still said it. I don't care. Yes, they indirectly, there's another word that You can say for donkey and it's like indirectly cussing.


And that's what he would do is he would say that and we would, whatcha Talking about, You know the, you know the swear Word? What word? K. Obviously that K knows what word Uhoh he's trying to get You say, You know what she's talking about The word I'm telling you Shrek is not a good thank You for clarifying Harper Word. It's, it's not a good movie. And not only that, it has like inappropriate, there's so much inappropriateness, but Guys cars isn't an inappropriate movie but when the yeah, when the cars flash their lights at Lightning McQueen. Oh yeah. Yeah. Why is there so much stuff in these kitchens? No, that that girl car she be looking kind of fine too.


I dunno why. Okay. They shouldn't have her looking like that. Put some clothes on. Oh. Oh my God. That's So Valid. Whatcha talking about what you saying? Because like, I always thought that, say it, if I was gonna take a car, it'd be that car That's, That's So Well don't look like that's not a thing. If you're gonna date a car, would you rather date Mader or like Lightning McQueen? Dude, There's something about Mader, There's something about, something about Mader. Are you saying you like Mader right now? Hear me out Mayr. Y'all got, you know what car Kate reminds me of? Kate reminds me of that car from, what's that guy's, why are y'all whispering again?


What? Yeah. That'd be Fun, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Don't tell them They'll just have to watch our tiktoks to see it. Yeah. What? Okay, you guys, you guys know that car? This is the, if Kate was a car, she'd be this car. You know the one that like drives around. He's like, be Tire car. You sound like him. What's His Name? I don't know that he, He's got like an Italian accent. He's like, oh, I did that. No, it, it starts with an F. Fernando. Fernando, Fernando. No. It's like for, I don't know. Either way you are that car That's like Francisco f Francisco Francisco is, yeah, Kate's Francisco for sure. Let's See. I'm not the sexy car you were just talking about. No, no, no. I think that's probably more like me. If we had to pick the car guys from Rio.


What? From Rio? What? I never watched Rio. What animals? What? Sally. That was her name. Sally. Sally. I is fantasizing about the life. We'll never Have the Saint. Not Sally or Miss. Incredible. Okay. First off, what is up with these children's movies? Like I saw a picture the other day. I was like, what? It showed me it was like five different pictures of cartoon characters from when you were a kid that you didn't realize. Miss. Incredible. Who else was on there? The chick from Avatar. Like all these girls. Not okay. What they were wearing. Answer my question. Children Miss Incredible. Or the car. Yeah. You got, I Can, if I say car that's messed up.


I have to say it's incredible. Tell them why you married me. Gosh. I have a piece of, Okay, go ahead. I don't Want to do that. Remember? Because I'm amazing. And I was about to say, it seems like he's like, we rehearsed this and you couldn't stand life without me. Remember I was I was better looking than Maverick. So you want make the, why am I in this? Please Leave me outta this. That's weird guys. Okay, go. Come on. Oh, Because he Was guys we're a happy married couple. All right, come on. It was so amazing. And She's gonna get a bimble there. He's gonna get into freestyle or Something. Come on. Oh, freestyle or something? No, No. Okay.


Okay. Jokes aside, everyone. Kate's gonna tell you why we got married now. I got Married. Oh. At 18 Moment, dude. I literally need you to get your own scene. Okay? We're just gonna have to deal with it for right now. Okay? Go ahead. Sve her back now. Go ahead. I got married because I thought it would be a fun thing to do at 18. So why did you think it was so fun? Babe? They have watched all this time to hear the reasoning. We need to give them more, give them more. Listen, I don dunno what y'all want from me. I started dating him and I wanted marry him. She about to cry. Well, she gets sentimental when she talks about me. Oh, so it's, it's okay. You, I know it's hard, but you're gonna have to open up about your feelings.


She's getting shy Or she just gets sad when she thinks about why she married you. It's one. I haven't figured it out yet. I can't. I know you can't. She does. You're gonna have to No, sit down to the, sit down to the 17-year-old That's thinking As soon as I turn 18, I'm getting married. Yeah, don't do it. Okay. What? I mean she's Getting shy. What do you mean don't do it? I, well You haven't given the very many reasons to do it now, have you? So maybe you should give them some. Listen, I am a great wife. I, she cooks, she cleans. I don't think cash started with I'm a great husband. Yeah. Hold up. That's not what marriage is about. It's not about bragging. It's about a we thing cash apparently. Well, cash literally told me he married you for the tax benefits.


They are pretty good. And I married you. That what he told me. I married her for a lot of benefits, but some are better than that. Okay, go ahead. I just, I literally, he said if we get married you will get access to a credit card. And I said, okay. That's Not why I said, said, can you be for real for a second window? I have. I haven't been joking this whole time. I've been serious and I've been trying to make this a good loving podcast episode. You Remember that headache I have. You were yelling in my ear right Now. Okay. I'm sorry. Alright, go Ahead. That's why she keeps looking away. Okay. All guys, I, I fell in love with cash and I wanted to be his wife. Not by force, Not by force. And I didn't want to like, how didn't wait until I was like in my late twenties to get married when I knew I wanted to get married.


I figured no. Why? But don't you feel like you're gonna miss out on the college experience? College seems like the worst thing that I could've ever experienced. What about just like The experience of being like a young adult and like going out fun. I'm, I am a young adult, But you don't go out and have Fun. But going out and partying with other guys, you have fun. Partying with other guys is not on my roster. I mean, it was on my roster, but I didn't give any invites. Not many guys liked me that way. Oh God. Oh Wait, girls, did you fart bro? No. No. Kate. It literally smells so bad. It's his bread. I didn't, you know, it might be, I meant to brush my teeth before the episode. I really did mean to brush my teeth before the episode. That's Crazy.


Did I answer what? Yeah. Answer The primos answers. Hello? Oh wait. Oh my God. Put it up to the mic. Who is this? Show me. So our friends at the school give us Harper's number because they somehow have it. Oh my Gosh. They gave out her number. Yeah. Every wait, They shouldn't be doing that. Everybody Gives out number. Wait, you know who that is? No dude. Every, everybody's Wait. You on pause. Y'all are just s talking to fans right now. I don't know who I'm talking to. There's no faces. Hey, show me your face bro. Are they showing their faces? Well, if you're not gonna show you, okay, I'm hanging out. Wait, let wait. Lemme see. Lemme see.


Lemme see. Hey, they're, they're being elusive. Wait, lemme see. Lemme see real quick. They're being mysterious. Lemme see it. Although she shot her face. Wait, show your face. Ah, she's under 18. I hung up. No, that that Bro. Everybody at school gives out my number. Oh my God. I Know I'm married Kate, but I still can't be talking under girls. I'm gonna say it. I'm gonna say it and I'm gonna say it and I'm not gonna say I'm not taking it back and I'm gonna say it. Okay. I cannot stand the people you go to school with. They Treat like that. I like all of them. Like all 4,000 of 'em. Literally anybody who's mean to Harper. Thumbs down from Kate. Oh no, they got the thumbs down if you're Giving out her phone number. Sha d Sha is one of the parks in my tribe.


You get Harper's phone number for one 50 a month. No guys like literally description literal, everybody you go to school with hates Me. Yeah. You're so bored if you're giving out her phone number or find something better to Do. No, everybody hates me at school and I love it. You love it? No, I cra yourself to sleep every night. I'm kidding. But hey, at least I got some good friends. Like y'all. Unless I call you. Say you. We weren't your friends. What? No, y'all are my parents. Oh, so we're not your friends. No. Listen, I feel for you. I feel for you because I was in public school while being a TikTok and it was terrible. I was in public school up to the second grade and that was rough.


Me too guys. You see my lips? There's a whole red line over it. 'cause they're so chapped. Aw. Have you used pink sugar by summer Fridays? Yes. I have it in my school bag. But the pink sugar one, people steal it. Exactly. I knew you were gonna say that. I was. I literally was like, but people steal it from her. People Steal it. Yes. Like I got Harper's DNA. Yeah, you're Wait, they actually steal your Chapstick? Yes. That's Obviously like from your bag. Yes. Obviously At a public school, they're gonna steal the girl with 4 million followers on TikTok. They're gonna steal her stuff. Clearly It's a public high school. Mean you would know, wouldn't you? Kate stole a lot of things. I know. Kate's the thieve. Kate is The thief. I mean, I know it's kind of weird. Like we were shopping in the mall and I was doing something and Kate goes, don't do that.


That's what thieves do when they're about to steal something. I was like, how do you know that? What was I doing? Oh, He was Like, oh, I, I said, oh, go ahead. We Were at PacSun and he was like, we had bought in. I don't even know. Oh, we had taken our sweatshirts off and we were carrying in Y'all Y'all shop with Paxon Pac Sun? No, I attempted. That's a, that's a nice store. They had nothing there. Yeah, we walked In there. That's very expensive. But I, We taken our hoodies off and then cash his hat and then we had a water bottle. Our arms were full and we hadn't even started shopping yet. And he was like, oh, let's just ask Paxton for like a shopping bag. An empty shopping bag. Like that's what people who steal Do you ask another store for an empty shopping bag and then you go to other stores and you shoplift. And you know why that thought has never entered? My mind Is run Lash is like falling off something because like It is, I wasn't gonna tell you, but it is. It Woke flight at any second. Woke up. When I woke up. My lashes were all stuck together.


What about my people? You know girls tell me I have good lashes. Oh yeah. I'm always gonna Tom my lashes. Nobody definitely don't. No girl mine. You. You told me that Shoub, you told me thatHe Are bad. Sho, that's not true. No, you've told me that. You've said cash. Your eyelashes are just so naturally I wish my eyelashes were like that. Oh and then I Started using lash serum are So good. What'd You say? Then I started using a lash serum. I Pull your mic up a little. You talk like a mouse. What's lash to you on? It Grows your lashes. Really? Yeah. You have a serum that can grow things. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's crazy. I was so sad what we did to my dad on that 60. What Did do? 60 did? Oh no. Okay. First of all, y'all have to know my dad. My dad is like the sweetest guy ever.


And he's the only person in my family that didn't have an iPhone. Oh, so you had to get life. Now it gets worse. Couldn't have find my, he just doesn't not have an iPhone. Scott was rocking with the Nokia? No. Oh, he has a Nokia. Oh. Do you even know what a nok? Even Android user in the room is Cringing. Yeah. No. Okay. To be fair, my dad just works for Nokia, so he gets like a free phone. Like he's never paid for a phone in his life. Oh. So he like built it. So he was like, Yeah, he like crafted it himself. No, he gets free phones. He's never paid for a phone, but, oh, that's good. Anyways, obviously you don't have to find my iPhone when you're a Nokia user. Right? So he was like, Obviously He starts texting Me and my brother we're like 15 and 16 years old and he is texting us.


So He is like 15 minutes for the message to send. Yes. He's like, no. He was like, send us the link to life 360 Down, sit down. He sent us the link to Life 360 and he was like, you guys need to join it. Like, I can't see your locations. I don't have to find my iPhone. And so we're in the backseat of the car and me and Mike were like stressing like obviously we don't like, like want like we 60. Like what are we gonna do about this? We're like stressing like we're both sneaking out in the middle of the night doing stuff we're not supposed to be doing. So we're like, what did y'all do? We shaking. That's what I'm wondering. What did you do? What were you doing? You two we're picking me up in the middle of the night. That's what I was doing. We're not lie Worktime math took one for the team. Actually no, we're, I'll talk about that in a second. Okay. But anyways, so my dad's like Take mark the team too many times.


He's like download by 360 and me and Michael are like stressing and like we Michael's like, oh dad, it didn't come through. I don't know why. Like, it very well came through and my dad's like, oh okay, I'll try again. And he sent us the link like five times And we're like, yeah, it's just broken. 'cause you got in Noia. He literally said That. We were like, we think it's your phone dad. And he was like, oh, this stupid phone. It doesn't do anything. Hey wait, have we ever showed Kate's vertical? Yes, we have. Have we Do it? Do It. Let's see that vert sh Show him your vert. Kate, come on vert. No, show me your vertical. Go ahead. I'm not doing this. Laughed. If you do it, I'll do it. Well you're not gonna be laughed at. No. Yes'. Okay. You won't be laughed at. Just maybe Shamed.


Yeah, I don know the right word, but Hey guys, come on. Jump. Let's see your vert. Remember keep, you gotta keep your knees straight once you jump, jump, jump. No, no, no. But like with all your might like, like here's, heres here's a normal vert an average human. Well, I mean, not probably above average human, but anyways. Alright. You go. That wasn't bad. He like, looks like you floating. I know. I feel like I'm floating. That feels like a blast off to me. Try it Again. I wanna see Harper.


Hey wait, let you do it. You do it. Go fish on the floor. Show us your bird. Oh, why would she? Even that? No. You know what? Justice for Gerald. Gimme Gerald. No, but that wasn't bad, right? No, it was pretty good. Except for the part where you fell. Yeah. You can stick to that. That was highly embarrassing. Yeah, I would hate to be you. I mean, I have not been diagnosed with anything. I've never been tested with anything. I just know from like my personal experience, like for like a couple months ago, it was like really bad. Like I was constantly, like when cash would leave, I would like start like internally freaking out. Like I've like, I've never been like a super anxious person, but like, I was like full of anxiety and I would like, gosh, I am gonna cry.


I don't wanna cry. Okay. It's okay. So It's fine. Tell me about it. We can both cry On the podcast. Well, I wanna know what happened. Okay. This is so bad. I've never been able to like, okay. So I would pretty much just like constantly worry that like he was gonna Die and Ooh, I hate it. I don't like it. Like, and I always told him, I was like, I'm so scared.


Like I don't want anything to happen to either of us. Like, and I was just in my head about it, like so in my head about it because, Sorry, I She lied too. I'm trying. She's laughing. First I didn't laugh until she laughed. And then you laughed. Butt holes. What you have, you look like one right now. Yeah. You got a toilet seat on your head. Listen. No. Anyways, so, Okay. I'm so sorry you're talking to me about this. No, I'm like, I'm like the worst person to say this to. No. Okay, so I've made fun of you about this for like a year. Yeah, I know. But it's fine. I'm sorry. No, it's fine. So I was constantly just like scared. I was scared when I was by myself.


Like if I was gone I was like, I have to get back home. Like, just to be okay. Like I need to be home now because like it's, it's, I'm not dependent on cash. Like I Can function by myself. Sure. But it was almost like I was so like I Can like go out and do things by myself, but I felt like if I wasn't with him, like something so bad was gonna happen and that we just constantly needed to be together. Yeah. And so I was like talking about it and, and then finally a couple months ago I was like, I'm so tired of feeling like this. Like I prayed about it and stuff and there was like something else going on and I was like, it was like two separate things that were like happening in my life. And I finally was like, okay, I'm tired of feeling like this. And one morning I woke up and it was like 6:00 AM and I just couldn't go back to sleep.


So I literally just like went to my living room and I just started like writing in my prayer journal. And like I write in my prayer journal a lot, but like, I wrote like pages and pages and pages, like the most I've ever written. And I was like, I can't do it anymore. Like I can't feel like this. I wake up just like hoping that we're gonna get through the day and like I go to bed, like hoping that we both wake up in the morning and like just this constant fear in my life that one of us is gonna die And I don't want us to die Right now. I Don't wanna die. I know. No. And so this was like probably two months ago this morning I just like wrote like a bunch in my journal and I was literally just like begging God. I was like, please, like I can't do it anymore.


Like I've been praying about it. And like right in that moment it was like, I've like experienced like, like I felt God moving my life so many times. But like in this moment it was like, I'm like shaking because I'm just so full of anxiety and like literally outta nowhere it just like washes outta me. And I'm like so still. And I'm like so full of peace. And I was like, I have not felt this peaceful in months. And like I'm just like crying out to the Lord, like please like make it stop. Like I hate this. And he so quickly was just like, okay. And he like did it. I love that. And I was like, like, and right after that like for like it's been months since that, since that.


And I've like, haven't worried like I'm out and I'm like, I'll get home when I get home. 'cause like we're both fine. And I think another part of it is just that I'm so worried that one of us is gonna die. And like I think about how that would just end up with one of us having to live without the other for yeah. Years and years and years. But then I think about eternity and like Cassius always told me, he's like, when we die, like we're just like, we can't think of it as dying. Like we're relocating and like eventually the other one's gonna relocate too and we're gonna like, it's gonna be way better. You are The same place as the question. Yes. Yeah. Okay. See that's, Yeah, ideally That was a lighthearted joke. Yeah. But so I don't know.


It's just like, I feel like the Lord has brought me a lot of peace just with that. But recently, the last few weeks it's kind of gotten bad again. And I think it was because I got so comfortable, like just living like that that I wasn't, I wasn't really praying about it to God. I wasn't like saying like, like I wasn't asking him to like help me not feel like that. 'cause I wasn't feeling like that. And then la like the last couple weeks it's kind of been like on my mind a little bit more, but like not as bad. But then last night we were at dinner and can I like talk about it? Oh wait, about dinner? Yeah, I don't talk about it right now, just something happened.


Okay. There is like, It says wait, wait, why can't we talk about it? Because you do just be like, we have, yeah, we have another episode. Like, let's not, this is our last episode for today. I just, we're almost outta time. We're not gonna talk about it next time. You sure? Yeah. We're not gonna talk about it again. I, We can go long if we need to. Okay. Well last night we were at dinner and it was my sister's birthday dinner and Alexis is crying. Alexis is crying. Yeah. Oh, hey, pause. Wait, our cameraman's crying. Oh dude, I know Bob's crying right now. Mom watching not, not to put him on blast, but our cameraman is crying. I didn't realize it was that bad. I thought I was just filming. No, yeah. I get attached to people's stories.


Yeah. Well, so last night though, like, like I said last couple weeks, it's kind of been on my mind more like, and the boys have like been telling me, I'm like, guys, like I'm so scared. Like just something bad is gonna happen. And like, it's not just like dying, it's like I'm scared, someone's like stalking me or I'm scared I'm gonna get sex trafficked or just like I'm terrified that something bad is gonna happen to me. And so last couple weeks it's been more like that kind of stuff and the boys have both been like, you have to stop. Like you like this is not healthy for you to just constantly live like that. But I don't think you knew how like serious it was for me. And that's why you kind of always made jokes about it. But I've never held that against you. Like I've never talked to you about it. But it wasn't Even jokes. I was just like, are we serious right now? Yeah. Like, not like, like and yeah. Yeah. No, I've never held that against you. I was probably a little insensitive.


Well, I've never talked to you about it. I can't just expect you to know. But so last night we were at my sister's birthday dinner and we were out on a patio, like, it was like a balcony slash patio setting and we were just like, the dinner was fine and we were at the table closest to the railing, my family. So like me, my mom, my sister, and my brother, our backs were like to the street behind us and we were almost done with dinner. And then we just hear like gunshots right below us and it was like bang, bang, bang. And then we were like, it stopped for a second and we were like, those were gunshots. And then a second later it was like bang, bang, bang, like, like literally like eight more gunshots went off and it was like right below us. It was like below us across the street.


And so everyone on the balcony like jumps up and they run inside and we all were like, you know the, the restaurant locks the door and they brought down the blinds on the patio and stuff and everyone ended up being okay. I literally think it was just like a drive by shooting like two people like got mad or at something. But what, like automatically when you like think about like gunshots and stuff, you just think about like mass shootings and like all the terrible things that have happened and like people that just go out to hurt people like that. And so then I was thinking like, like we were the ones right on the right on the edge. Like if they wanted to, they can easily just like pointed their gun up and like, you know, shot us. Like we were like the closest ones. It was like us and another table and no one's even sat at the other table.


So then I was just thinking about that and I was like, well now that's how like, and I like, I'm scared I al al already when I like go out in public to like grocery stores or malls and stuff. Like I already like subconsciously have that in the back of my mind that like something like that's gonna happen. But, and then Cash was talking to me about it and he was like, just if we were ever in that situation and like I was protected, like I would try to help the people around us and I was like, I don't want that though. And it's so selfish of me and I hate that I think like that. But like I don't want to think about him going towards somebody with a gun. You know? Like it's terrifying me. First of all, I'm not that stupid. Okay. I am not just gonna go walk without a guy with a gun.


No, but it's like, like, yeah, no, but I don't know, I just, so then I was just thinking about that all night and just like, I just all the ways You can die. And so I don't know, lately I've been feeling more like that, but I also know that like I haven't really acknowledged that I've been feeling kind of like that more often than I had been. Yeah. So like I think I really do just need to like talk to God about it because I know that like if I come to him like he's gonna take it away. Like he always does. It's just, yeah. Yeah. You don't wanna let fear control your life. Yeah. And it has been like for like literally months it was, it was like I couldn't function. I was like, I leave the house and I'm like, I have to get back as soon as possible. Like it was bad.


So like when you talk about just you being in your head like that, like I understand it in a different way. Yeah. And like I'm sure there are people watching that understand it, but it's just, it's a weird feeling and it's something that I'd never really felt before. Like up until this last year, I don't think I'd really ever felt like this before. It was super random, but yeah. Yeah. Well I appreciate you guys sharing. I know that you guys are both you what? Well, no, I'm just saying like they're both I know that was like difficult to be vulnerable. Don't say like that. No, I'm just saying they're both vulnerable Guys sharing. Yeah. Thanks for sharing. Thanks for oversharing. No, I'm kidding. Yeah, I mean you guys are both Christians. You're both a second Corinthians five 17 and new creation in Christ Jesus.


And you guys are loved and known and when you're talking about being scared of death and fear, it is scary to think about like, like going like, like leaving this earth or somebody else leaving this earth. And it's part of us living in a fallen world from Genesis three that we're living in a fallen world that has death. Yeah. And it's sad and it's, and it's difficult. But the joy we get to know is that when we do go to heaven, that there is, there is an immense joy that we can't even describe or explain. Yeah. One guy explained it to me like there's in this world, like try explaining to a 5-year-old that there's something better than chocolate. Yeah. It, they can't grasp that there's anything better than chocolate. They're like an, an intimate relationship with a spouse.


Anything in life. Like they don't understand that there's some, that there's something better than chocolate. They can't comprehend it in their brain. And that's us with heaven. Yeah. But I Can, because heaven is such a joy. I don't know. You can't fit it. It's like trying to fit the ocean into a five gallon bucket. Yeah. You can't fit that much joy into your brain. You can't understand it. I Can imagine. But It'll be joyful. I Can imagine living without oc. Like it's just like constantly always in my mind like Yeah, I don't know how free I'll feel once I get to heaven. Yeah, You'll feel it super free. I mean you'll have a new resurrected body without any scars. Like, I mean when we get there, like things like this aren't gonna be a part of us. Like it's only, we only live with these things because we are in a fallen world and like when we get to heaven, it's not gonna be a fallen world. Fallen world. It's gonna be perfect. So that's why we live like this because like we live in a world full of sin, death just darkness.


Like that's why we have these things, but There will be no OCD desires. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be a Beautiful And I think that that's like world. Yeah. That's kind of what I feel like that kind of gets, when I think about death, like I literally just think about dying and I don't think about what comes after. And I think that's why it freaks me out so much. Just 'cause like I don't think deeper than that. It's like, oh, one of us is gonna be gone but I don't think about how it's only gonna be for 60 years Sure. And stuff like that. And that's kind of like what, I don't know, when I was getting better it was like, like when things had like gotten better and I wasn't thinking like that. It was like when I thought about death it was like exciting almost. It was like I get to go be with like the creator and stuff like that. Sure. But I don dunno, lately it hasn't felt like that.


So that's why it's been worse. But as you guys are also here on earth, like, I mean you're here for a purpose and maybe that purpose is to one day help little girls that also have that. You know what I mean? So like there is light at the end of the tunnel for everybody and Yeah. You can find that by trusting in Jesus as well. Yeah. And giving that to him. Yeah. Beforehand. Yeah. Y'all Like that silently insulted me and nobody heard it. I didn't, don't insult Kate. Don't insult h Wait, wait, wait, wait. What'd you say? No, M said she was the kind of teacher that didn't let you laugh and class. I said kinda living with Kate.


Yeah. Ow. Kate gets mad at things all the time. Yeah, all the time. I'm kidding. Kate is Mom. Mom hit dad, she'll let you do anything. Kate Would be a good mom. I'm telling you. Kate's gonna be a great mom. Can't Burn the yard. Kate. Kate will be a good mom When she Yeah. Like she gets mad at things like this. Stop dude. She gets, she gets very angry when I bring things like this out. Yeah. That's so hot. Turn off fast. Look at her. Look at her. She's mad. She's see it in her eyes. The gas is gonna get out. It's stressing me out. Kate. One time I came home, wait and there was a black spot on her wall, Black Spot. And I was like, what happened here? It was just us. We didn't have kids.


And he said, Well I had this lighter and I, I just wanted to see what would happen if I burned the Wall. So they did it. Honestly, I'm sorry. You're very mad. Dad. It Must be an inherited trait. Oh my God. Sorry. Hey. No, I didn't burn no wall. I painted the wall so I Can burn it if I the's what I'm sayings. That's what I'm saying. But the Thing is you broke a brick on the house. How does that happen? From exiting with it? Yeah. You like, and then I fixed it. The brick was loose and I was like, that's loose. We should probably Went back and it broke again. Probably fix. This isn't gonna be good. I Was sitting on the porch. I was sitting out on the porch one morning reading my Bible and I look up and the brick that you so perfectly fixed with on ground, I think it perfectly, I personally super glued that thing that should have stayed.


It took all three of us. We put a lot of work into making that thing stay. Yeah. Well and you know what, no one can see it. And no, nobody cares. Nobody cares about the brick. Kate. You Fiddled with the brick. With a brick until it, have you Ever seen the brick? Have you noticed Brick from our brick house. I'm just a firm believer that we pay money for our things and we should treat the things that we spend money on. Good. We bought a nice house. Yes. We should treat our house nicely. But we bought this house to create content in. And so when things break for content, wait, wait, wait. The brick didn't brick. The brick wasn't content, but things are okay. You just broke the brick. I don I just broke the brick.


Y'all care more about content. I care more about my home. Yeah. We don't because the home doesn't make us money. Well we already make enough money with the content not breaking our house. So why do we, y'all are like, well if we break our house, we're not gonna make money. We make plenty of money without doing things that harm our house. Right. But if I Can make funny money and have fun go, I'm gonna do that house you need. I'm sorry Ka, it's his fault. No, it's, he said, I mean it is your fault. But He bought a motorcycle at three. I mean they've just been, I wouldn't say we've been like hazardous, but Oh yeah. Tight. Right tight. Just been out now for years. Motorcycles. Yeah. They're chaotic aren't they?


And it's a stressful environment. It's not stressful with me here, Obviously. Didn't they, didn't y'all have like things you juggled that were on fire? What were those called? Yeah. Yeah. We've had like fives. We had five miles and it's just like y'all, it's Stuff y'all don't even realize. Like you guys are trying to do a triple back flip off the railing and you swear you're gonna land it. And I'm stressing 'cause y'all are trying to kill yourself and y'all don't know it. No. Okay. But let's think about it. Let's think about it here. Listen, we never would try to kill ourselves. It would only happen accidentally. Yeah. But when y'all do things that are stressing me out, like y'all are like gonna hurt. What are y'all gonna get hurt? I get stressed out. Okay. But Let's think about it. Let's think about it. Out of all the stuff, the stress, I've put my mom through the stress I've put Kate through.


What have we done? What's happened for the stress? Stop. You've dropped off. No, but what's happened? What has the stress done for anyone? What's, what's been the outcome of all the stuff we did where everything's fine. Well, you've Almost lost at sea. You've had a broken leg. I mean, a few things. That's almost, almost, but answer the challenger. Answer me this. Did the stress fix any of it? No. Did the stress bring him back from seat? No. Nope. Broke your leg. Listen, I didn't stress that it fix his broken bones. Listen, I didn't say I shouldn't stress and I'm trying not to stress, but I live in a stressful environment. So naturally I will stress a little bit. But I'm working on it. But you'll get there. It was hard for me, Kate. I it wasn't It? Did you like stop stressing when they moved out?


No. 'cause then I, sometimes I would lay awake at night and I'd have to call 'em just to make sure they weren't fighting. Yeah. Because I couldn't go to sleep. 'cause I was worried they were fighting. What? Yes. Are you serious? You don't remember that? Yes. I would call and just make sure That we weren't fighting. She bees everything already. Yes. Because I would be worried death that y'all were out there killing each other or something. I'm not. Y'all don't fight a whole lot. It's the activities y'all come together to do. That's what I was saying. I did have to as a mom, watching them grow up, learn to be, to back off. It was hard. I think somebody told me once to raise courageous men though you have to let them be courageous little boys and that. Well they're not little Boys. That always stuck with me.


And it was, I'm not, it was hard though, Boys. But they're not little times. No. We didn't wanna raise a bunch of sissies. Well, they're Not sissies now. They could stop doing that stuff. They're fine Now, now. But what have accomplished, what have I started to become a sissy? That that's why we don't listen to you. Oh my gosh. Maverick's kind of a sissy when he dances naked Stuff. No. Oh, maybe naked. I fully stand by it. You can say whatever you want. This man takes bubble baths and, And Sits on the floor of the shower. It eats in the shower. He loves his Bath. I sit in the shower too. It's okay. He Doesn't take bubble baths by himself anymore. So that's not as weird. That's good. Yeah. Like if I Walked in, he said, yeah, Like with the pink bubbles and eat chocolates and Bathroom.


Like, Hey, would you rather me not stress you out? And you walk in and your, your full grown man husband is taking a bubble bath by himself. Is that what you'd rather? But you probably worry I had drowned. Probably. You never know. He might've even borrowed one of your books that you've been reading sitting there. Even one of your candles with his legs Crossed. I'm gonna throw a party and it's about to get wild. We gonna light it up and everybody's probably Wondering like, it's dyno. Am I? What the heck am I gonna do? But you know what? We'll, we'll just start now. Enough talk. So Kate, This is my first party. Oh yeah. This is gonna be Oh, is gonna be your first party. She's gonna Kate, you're gonna Love this party. So Kate, have you not thought it's weird like that?


You, I I was honestly surprised we got away with this guys. I'm very so, I'm so shocked she didn't bust down in tears. Actually, I'm very, very surprised that we've gotten this far. But as y'all might notice, my seat is different. Every episode. No, No. Deeps get up. I told y'all I was gonna get my Party. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Stand up on my, I seeing your glass ball. I Am sitting On Kate's books. No. Whoa. No. You guys have 'em the wrong direction. They can't even read what books I'm sitting on.


Can you not? Like, not Are any of these your favorite? Oh man. Oh man. I also Have two candles and a lighter. Gimme gimme that. And he intends to break the candles today. No wait, no. What Not that one. Please. No, You can always buy a new one. No, no, That's today. We're getting Kate. She's she's gonna get over her materialism. Kate, you gotta stop loving the world so much. Whatcha are doing? Gift. I don't even have the Burden. I'm gonna lie it uneven. No, just one side. No, no. Stop. Stop. Lemme smell it.


I'm just gonna lie. One side. Stop. Why would you Look at her freak out? I just, I don't understand. Why would you not grab a candle? I don't like, you know, I have candles in 'em that I don't like. And now One, well, now would, trying to defeat the purpose of breaking your material. So listen, we didn't know which ones you didn't like. We just grabbed some. Okay. What? Talking to your mic. You can get mad in the mic. Can you imagine? I'm actually why? Here, I'll your, are we serious? I, no, don't Burn my candle Like that. Wait, wait. This candle. That's a Christmas one. Okay, so can I burn it? It's Semi, you're just gonna, I mean, I'm Just unevenly. I'll just buy a new one next year. Okay. So we'll burn the fun one. No finish.


No. Are you that? Do it, do it, do it, do it. Do it. Do it. I'm to the Why would you do that? I don't understand. I'm gonna go to Bath and Body bodyworks right after this and buy that candle again If you burn it. Uneven. Yeah, She's gonna use your money. You're that scared of me burning a candle. Uneven. I Don't want it to burn it. Uneven. Hey book. You need to shut her credit card off. This is unacceptable. Can you not, can you not burn it? Uneven? Oh no. Can you not burn it? Uneven? I can't. What? You can do This. Like, I'm genuinely asking. Just be a nice husband for once. Oh. Oh. But don't, don't do it Cash. Don't light all three. Don't. Do you want me to light all three? Kate? Yes. I would like you to light all three. Oh God. This what, what do I get outta it? H Kate time is burning away.


What do you mean? What do I get out of it? She, she looks mad. She looks real mad right now. Just Be a good husband. I don't know. Oh, like, don't do something I don't want you to do. That's, Hey, how about you don't disrespect your husband? Yeah. I would never go get something that you like and purposely just mess it up. Just 'cause Oh No, don't, no. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you honey. Now I'm gonna show y'all. Well that was fun. No, Gimme it now. No, no. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna put it out with my fingers. No, I Can do it. Why Would you do that? Why would you put it out with your fingers? Ooh, you're not doing it Harper. Oh. Oh, are you okay?


Yeah. What in the world do, wait, You step off the episode. This is a not good for the candle though. So Patrick always says that. Look at that. Oh, I, I'd blow it out quick or else it's gonna burn you. Yeah, take my freak out. We don't, we don't want Kate to freak out. Did nobody get my joke? No. I was like, do you need to step off the episode? Oh, nobody gets that. I thought You said, do you do this stuff off the episode? Okay. Just let me look at it. No, you're just gonna make noise. Let me just look at it. You just wanna look at the candle. She wants to make sure it's okay. I Just wanna see what it looks like. She needs to make sure it's okay. Check your candle. Hand me that. Hand me that lighter. Is it okay? Yes, it's Fine. Okay. Hit me that lighter. No, That's okay.


Can Kate tell me about how much she hated our, my special date that I tried to bring, bring her on hate This special date. We walked into the mall to get jean shorts and he said, do you wanna go on David Buster's? And I was like, sure. On a date. I said, do you wanna go to David Buster's on a date? Why you leave that part Out? I said, sure, we'll go on David Buster's. Were you already at the mall? Yeah, we were already At the mall. You can't already be at the mall and then go, you see David Buster's go, wanna go on a date? No. You wanna go to Dave and No, no it's not. What happens? She, I brought her on a date to the mall. And since we're at the mall, we to go into stores for the date. Wait, was the mall the date? What kind of mall? We were at lunch and I said, I need Jean shorts.


Let's go to the mall. 'cause we were right next to it. Let's Make a date of it. Which is fine. I was like, okay. I don't think that like that. No. I literally was like, I like spending time with him. Yeah, let's, we'll go to the mall together. And then he was like, you wanna go on a date Busters on a date? Yes. On a date. We went to the mall together on a date so I could go to American Eagle and buy jeans on A date. When did Cash ask you out on a date to the mall? You know what? Our first date we had Dave and Busters. No. When did Cash ask you out on a date? I, I don't remember. When did you say that? You Probably remember. Wait, our first date ever? No. No. Yesterday. Yesterday. When did you ask Me? On the date? So I'm starting to think. You never asked her on the date? No. So we were sitting at Dave's hot chicken. What the, and I said, You know what I said? I said, I said, you know What, I need to take you on a date.


So actually how in my ride, actually I'll take you to the mall. I evidently, I don't think that's what you said. Okay. No. How really went, if she said I need to buy some jeans, I was like, okay, let's go to the mall and on and we can make a date of it. What the, you didn't, those words don't come outta Cash Baker's mouth. What? Okay, then what did I say? You said, okay, we'll go to the mall, but you never said we'll make a date of it. Okay. That's Something Maverick would say that you would make fun of him for saying that's, let's go go to the Cinemas outta the hundred. You'd be like, you made a date of it. Remember that One time when Maverick squealed? Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. You did it just now you just did it mocking you just Gimme that lighter If she so badly wants the lighter.


I can't just like, you know, for like Safety reasons. Yeah. Just like, I'm a safety person. Hey, You can trust me. No, because you're sit on the couch next to her. Like, you know, just for like, you know, like, Hey, no. Also Madison's not the person that needs a lighter. What Y'all, one of y'all will like the couch on fire. I don think I'm gonna like smoke a cigarette. Like what? Gimme the lighter dude. I'm still bored. Let's make things interesting. Me and Harper gonna be over here with a ciggy. Like what? Oh, please it. Do it. Do it cash. If you that I'll give you a hundred dollars. I a hundred. A hundred. How much you gimme me? I'll give you $1. $101. Kate, how much you got? I got your, your credit card to go buy 15 more books if I want to after this. So. Oh, do it.


Do it. Do it. Do it. Gotta do it. It's with Please don't. And you're also bringing out the gas. Please don't. I would rather you not do that Low. See, here's my issue. Please just do it. Everyone watching at least one page wants me to light this. Yep. But the second I light it, everyone's gonna say, you're a path. Everyone's gonna say, why would cash light that book on fire? That's the worst husband I ever seen. They build you up. Not all you dirty little people wanna see me like this. Yeah. Y'all wanna see? Yeah. This flame hit Kate's book. Y'all want to. They do, but the second I do it, y'all gonna hate me. They wanna build you up just to kick you over. So just do it. They, they really do. Y'all some nasty people do y'all.


Y'all wanna see me light Poor Kate's book on fire. They're typing in the junk. Burn it, burn it, burn it. But in reality, second I do it. Y'all going turn on me. I'll do it. Even though i's trying to provide you entertainment. Listen, but Harper wants to do it. Yeah. Oh, You can lit her book on fire. No, Harper's not gonna do it. If she is I'll, Harper's not gonna do it. If she will, no she won't. I'll do it. Math might do things. Gimme that Book. Well see. Then I'm the bad husband that gave Mav the book. Okay. I won't do it. Just gimme the book in the Lighter. Do you like this book a lot? I haven't gonna read that one yet. Oh no.


I'm okay. Judge Burn. I'm gonna bring one random Page because you won't know what happens on that page. I want you all to know that I have a book cart in my room and in my closet and it's full of this time. Well that Sounds rich. No, It's, It's a good Book cart. It's a cart that's maybe this tall and it just has books that I've already read and there's a basket sitting right next to it full of books that I haven't read. And so instead of grabbing the books that I have read, they grabbed the books I haven't read. Well I didn't know there was a basket for red books and a basket for unread books. Yeah. Well, either way you shouldn't have taken my books. That's a very rude thing to do. You keep making horrible passes on this. Why don't you just grab it? That was really bad. I feel like something's gonna happen in my book.


I'll tell you what, I'll give you the book and the lighter. Wait if You can take, take it from my hand. Okay. You get one hand for cash. Yeah. You only get one hand. You get two hands. Oh, My hands were sweaty. My were, my hands were sweaty. Okay. Wow. Dude wasn't even harsh. My and I, Y'all, y'all know I have sweaty hand problems. He was so calm. Brush Your grandma. Beat you an arm wrestling. Now this kid, okay, lemme try time. Okay, let me get a better One hand. I'm telling you. Yeah, one. Oh Yeah.


Locked down. Grab from the bottom Harper. Yeah, grab from the bottom. Oh, that is hard. Wow. This is hurting me. That's Embarrassing. Manhandle my books like this. Here you go. Wow. Just one whole page. If I catch fire, then one whole page. Is that okay, Brooke? Or Oh my gosh. Is that okay? Kate? What Do you mean? Is that okay? No, no it's not okay. The Same thing I've been saying this whole episode. Do it. There's no way she's gonna do it. Yes. Don't worry. It's not that bad. Keep going. Keep going. I'm Buying a new one.


Look at this. Do whatever you want with it. Now I'm buying a whole new book, Harper. You are my favorite host on the show ever. Because it's so, I can't believe you're doing this. Burn it in her house too. Burn it. Oh my God. Burn it. Yo, that book, that book was fire. That book was hot. Not, not the time to make jokes. You Wait, lemme see the book real quick with I'm gonna wait. Oh, does it look like I'm reading like a wizard book? Wow. I'm learning how to cast spells. Dude. Dude, you're burning, you're you're burning the page.


Yeah. That is not a good look on her face. Well, I'm glad we did that. I don't like short form content. I think it's bad for us. So I, What's wrong? How is that worse than long form content? I just think that short form content is, Whoa, this is revolutionary. Wait everybody, listen. Kate's gonna give us a lesson on why short form content is worse than long form. I think that short form content has just ruined people's attention spans. But Long form. I think that if You can sit down and watch a two and a half hour movie and be fine, you're fine in life. They've been doing that for years and years and years. But short form content just started happening like these last few years. I was literally talking to one of my sister's friends in high school and she was like, oh, I tried to watch a movie the other day and I couldn't.


Probably because it was a bad movie. No, she was like, she Was like, I just wanted to get on my phone and watch TikTok. That's all. People don't have the attention span to sit down and watch a two and a half hour movie anymore. Probably because it's a bad movie. There's just no good movies coming out no more. All good. Not like they used to be. Like How many people would, and if you have two hours of your free time, how many people are gonna turn on a movie versus just sit on their phone and do something on their phone? I mean, I agree. I I don't care about your springtime. I don't care about your movie time. Y'all Just ask me What I care about. You just asked me. It's taken from you. Taken from the rich, taken from the poor, take from the homeless, take everything robbing you. I'm in the hood robbing you.


You robbing you. Special teams. Special players. Special special players. Wow. To this day. That was funny. I had something I've been meaning to bring up. Maverick does not know that this has happened. Oh, in our neighborhood. But wait, what happened in our neighborhood? Oh no. He just crushed the books. Okay. Oh my goodness. Oh God. Just ripped. Okay. No, I'm ordering new ones Right now. No, sorry. No, no. I'm buying them right now. No, I'm cutting them right now. No, I don't care. I don care. I don't care. Nice books. This was an accident. I don't Care if it was an accident. I still need to get new ones.


Ripped. No, this, I'm gonna get it. This is bad. No, no, not yet. Not yet. No. I'm Ordering them right Now. No, don't why stop ordering books. I tell you. That's like 200 a books. I know, I know. Those books are Expensive. Look, look, look, look, look. We don't know what ones are broken, so don't just go order 50 bucks. I Can see it. Hey, you turned the lamp off behind you. I Can see. Wow. I Can see that you, It's not that bad. Completely ripped the box. I feel like I, We should check some of those books out and make sure they're appropriate. I Can see that you literally destroyed the box. Yeah, we should. Yeah. Hey, hey, we wanna go through the books. Yeah, you're gonna Ruin them. Stop. Listen, it was an accident. Okay. It's not an accident.


I told you, I told you we can order the new ones if I break 'em. Yeah, but it takes forever To get in order. I'm gonna order a new one 'cause you ripped It. Okay, that's fine. But you were telling me to stop ordering stuff. Well, Because you looked like you were going crazy. Trying to just order a bunch of things right now. Just, just, just calm down. I books and can we all get off our phones? I was just looking up her book. It says that it gets very, very spicy. Which One? No, I'm kidding. All right. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't let Kate read it. She can't read it. Wait. Okay. Lemme see it. Oh no, don't let her read it. Oh no. Oh no he didn't. That's funny. Wait, what are you doing?


Water. Oh, put it on. Oh yeah, I'll put it on her. Come here babe. I got you a special gift for our anniversary. It's not our anniversary. It just describes you perfectly. Is it mean? No. No. Can I at least make it sure it fits me Good. Can you like put your hand over it so I Can look at my phone camera and fix It up? No, no, no, no. You look good. Yeah, you look good. You look good. You look, you look like a professional. I'll tell you what It says. I'm a professional blank complainer. No, you'll never guess. Yeah. I'll give you three guesses. And if you guess it in those three guests, I'll tell you what, it's, I'll give you a million. It says, ain't never guessed I'm a professional Crier. Nope. God, there's one.


God, that's Scary Me. I know. Me too. I got scared. It's crazy. There's one Whiner. No. Nope. There's two. Nice to see what you think about yourself though. Geez. I know. This is what y'all think about me. No, that's what you think we think about. You Scared me for A minute. That's in your head. Okay, last try. I'm a professional. I said crier and they got, they got really scared. Yep. That did happen. You know, you think you are who everybody else thinks you are. What? Wait, let, let's give her some Pins. Type. What does that mean? That sounds like some s She thinks she, she thinks she is. Whatever she thinks We think she is. Oh, is it? Cry baby, bro. That's deep. Yeah, that's deep. It is.


I don't know what that, I don't know what that that means either. But deep I said it. It's so deep. I don't even know what it means. I feel like the kungfu panda guy just spitting out proverbs. It's like that didn't make sense. The turtle? Yeah. He's like, you know the turtle and confu panda and he's like, he's like, noodles are good but stay are the enemy. Yeah. You see the TikTok things where it's like if she's shitty she is. It is like, it's just crazy Stuff. Wait, how much money will you give her if she guesses? Actually, I'll give you at least turn the hat back around. Hey. Yeah. Turn it back around. Turn hat back around. I'll tell you exactly what It says. What you cheated? No. What does it say? Do you know what It says? She cheated? No she didn't. I never saw her take it off. Yeah. Wait, okay.


What? She looked in her phone? No I didn't. Did I touch my at all? Okay. What does it say Then? It says I'm a professional crop duster. Okay. Really? So she cheated. Really? No, She did not cheat. Call her a name. Really? Call her a name. You gotta put it on. I'm not wearing that. No, you gotta wear it for the rest of the episode. That was the deal. And how did you figure that out? You'll never know. No. Tell us what you talked about. We'll never know. You'll Never know. But why Are you guys, guys so mean to me? Never know you cheated. I don wear this. I don now you have to cut your hair now you gotta wear it and cut your hair. And maybe this is a hair extension Look, That's your color. Yeah, I think, where'd you get that extension? That I, I got a great idea. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Give it to me. Gimme another piece of tape. Gotcha.


Oh no, it's going right here, baby. Oh, it's going right here. Oh, that's not Now that's a hair extension. Guys, we should hang it up on the wall. Am I right? Should we just leave it right here for Wait, Kate, keep the hat on. What also, how'd you find out? I'm not telling You. No, tell us Kate. I don't wanna wear This. No, you have to wear, put it on and tell us that's You're not participating in our games. Well, I never said I wanted to. Yeah, there we go. But you joined the podcast. Not really, guys. I really Didn't have An option. Yes you did. Really? You think that is funny? C Is that good? That's crazy. It's so red. I didn't even realize. Wait, You didn't realize you had red hair?


Wait, where? Where's the hair that I cut off? You blinded. It's right here. No, I know, but like, Where did you think it was? Where's The hair? That's gonna be a good short. Found It. I found it. Kate, put the hat on. Y'all Are So whiny. Okay, now tell us how you found out. I'm not telling you how to No, babe. I have a question. Just tell us what, how did you become a professional crop? Adjust. She learned from the best. We just, what Even is, Kate? You Tell somebody that far. I sorry for, sorry for her. Lack of participation. Oh, don't worry. I'll wear it. For those of you. It just, it just occurred to me. Some of y'all may not know what a crop duster is, so Kate's gonna explain it.


What the Katie, I don explain your job. I don take it off. Leave it on. I mean, school. This. No, Kate, leave it on on. Leave it on Kate. I can't Leave it on. Don't, no, don't touch it. Don't touch it. Episode. What I supposed to do? I don dunno. You're gonna have to divorce something. I'll take all of Kate's responsibilities and put it on. You're a different hat. Don't touch it. You want a hat? No. Kate. Yeah.


Stop. Please, please stop. I'm Kate, please don't. I really? Oh my gosh. Y'all are so alright. Who wants me, me, me. Wait, wait, wait. But Kate, tell us how you found out. Did you cheat up? I'm not telling you. I found out. Tell Kate, can you stop just being like this? Just tell me how you found out. Kate, please. He, he's gonna explode. You gotta tell him. What'd you do? Got a secret. Oh my gosh. Keep bitch. You know what? That's it. I'm not telling, I'm not telling Kate the thing that we were gonna title this episode. What words? This whole podcast. I wanna know your journey from beginner. What made you so inspired to be a crop duster? No map. That's not what's important. Well, I could tell you the story. Perhaps Let's, let's hear it. Long time ago.


It Per se It started out as an accident. Similar situation. Actually, I was in an Arby's. An Arby's. That explains a lot. Yeah. That's, it's actually socially acceptable in an Arby's. Yeah. That's just the normal day. I was, you know, ordering at the counter. Oh yeah. And when I was like, he said, okay, is that it? I said, yeah, that's it. Turned around. I gave him a little and then I What, what the, oh, that was gross. I don't already do this anymore. Don't tell me to tell you. You don't have to say it like, you know how good I am at crop dusting. You know, like when you walk into cash, cash, cash. Like, like he, he can manage to crop dust a place.


Wait, did you explain what? And save the women and children. He just takes the men. He just takes out the military age, man. He goes through like, did you explain to them what crop dust scene is? Yeah, you did. You can do it again. I, I think I did Farting and walking By. Yeah, it's like farting and walking by or like, someone's walking behind you and you fart and they're just like in your trail. Oh my Gosh. Dude. Eye crop does so good. You know, like when you walk into Walmart and like, they have the wind blowing on you from the automatic doors. Yeah. That's what it feels like when you're behind me. It's just, so Kate as a professional crop duster Kent, do you like, like do people pay you to do that? I have been invited, Invited times. Ma asked Kate questions about crop dust dancing. So I have actually, I just wanna know how I Can get into this.


I actually have been invited to like, parties to perform And Oh, you, you just air out the party. I literally just, I, I Get paid to walk around and fart. You know. That's all I do is I, I got hired one time. A woman thought she hired like a jojo siwa actor to come and I showed up instead. And she was happy. She was satisfied. Still paid me Cash. You should get into that. No. Yeah. We're just gonna bleep all those words. Oh, well I guess not talking about it. I don't know why you bring that up. Yeah, Kate. Now we gotta bleep all of it. What? No, no, that's not true. Now we gotta bleep that too. Alex. You might even need to blur her mouth because you're gonna be able to read her lips.


Everything's been bleeped. I'm sorry guys. You have no clue what we're talking about right now. Gonna, It's gonna sound like, can you do the dolphin noise over it? Yeah. I like that. I like that bleep noise better than just, I like that. That's what Logan Paul, y'all don't sound good. It's like, eh, Sound like a laugh. Laughing chip Mug. Guys, back to my date. What am I doing? What am I doing? I gotta take her out. Go take her to Washington. You're probably winking at her. That is not a good idea. I'll put that, that is not a good idea. Mo. She's like a, she's like a southern Christian girl. If I take her to watch a anime, she's gonna be freaked out. Got when the southern Christian have to, I got it. And she will eat it up. Oh, let's hear it. I, why are doubting me?


You know, like, sounds That more speed. Wait, what'd you say? Crawfish boil. Crawfish boil. No, my sister dated a guy named Crawfish Place. Or like, y'all paint Like that doesn't sound fun. That is so much fun. It's so cute. Dude. Don't bro. So cute. Oh my gosh. I took Kate to Pottery Painting. Just go to A coffee that for eight hours. I didn't make the pottery. The pottery was already made. He Was stressing. It was just the painting. Oh, you couldn't do that. The painting. Getting ev like, I'm trying to paint a tire. I'm trying to like put like the, the lug nuts. Make 'em gray and make the tire black. The whole tire's just black. It does like raw. He, he was like, I'll take you there. And we get there and he picks out this monster truck he is gonna paint and I'm trying to pick out and he goes, you have to do this one. And I was like, what?


He was like, you have to do it. He made me took, he made me do a camper so he could pull it with his truck. Wait, did you do truck? I mean, that's Great. And I was a camper. A pink camper. No Camper. A cooking class or something. I would do a cooking class. That sounds more fun. Some are fun Like, like, like authentic. Like pizza or like, you know, something you fun both of you guys. Like that's fun. You can learn how to together. Fun. Yeah. That would Be fun. Except for cash. Forces her to bake. He doesn't force me to bake. Dang. She Harper forcing to bake. Wait, first of all, baking Is different than cooking's Different than cooking. Well, same thing. So no, She bakes. No, no. I try to get her to quit baking 'cause she just feeds me up with sugar. I love baking. It's so much fun. I Make some cookies day.


Yeah, he eats all of Kate's baking. Kate bakes cookies and ma just eats everything. Oh yeah. I Make cookies and I have my friends coming over and I'm like, I want them to have one. And he's like, I don't think your friend should eat them. Honestly. I said, these are pretty bad, so I'll just eat 'em for you. No, Kate, once time made a hot dog for the club channel and it was brown. I didn't make a hot dog. I picked it up from Sonic. What you did? Another I made that was a Sonic Hot dog that really made me rethink my, it eight Hours old. That really made me rethink my chili cheese. Conies, I get from there. Oh dude, you used buy a Sonic Hot dog and set it out for like two hours in that thing. Shape shifts. Yeah. It, It did not, it Looked like it goes through a metamorphosis. Yeah, probably Like, it was like criminal how bad it was like, someone needs to check on Sonic.


My grandma bro. All the time. My my granny, you know? So, you know, she's kind of older. You got family on both sides of the how she says it. And anytime on both sides, anytime she's slightly sick, she's like, like I'm talking, she's got a cough. She's like, oh, I think this is my time. I'm ready to go. We're like, no, grandma is not your time. I wish the good Lord would just take me. She's, I I got all my family in heaven and I got family down here, so both sides is good. We're like, okay. Well She was like texting. Gosh. And I had just started dating. This is fine. I was like 16. Is she still Alive? Yeah. Yeah. She'd be like, I had just gotten baptized and she's texting me and she's like, this is like so great. The best decision you'll ever make.


And I like sweet wholesome text outta nowhere. I'm pretty sick right now and I think it's my time. But I just love you so much, Kate. I'm so happy you're a part of the family. Oh my God. Kate shows it to me. She's like, is your grandma dying? I'm No, she's just got caught. This is grandma, grandma. She sneezed. She got a hangnail. Yeah. You love your granny. That is me. When I A I'm like, I think it's about time to go, man. I don't, I don't wanna pull this off right now. No, it's, those things hurt. They hurt so well, But really, do y'all ever not feel like that? Like what? Like you're like, oh, I think And I wanna die. I would would jump with the Green Canyon. Validate. Don't validate. No, don't validate that parking ticket.


Like, I don't know. Sometimes I'm like, I'm Like, I mean obviously you think about it where it's like, if I did die, I'd be fine. Like Yeah, I live if die 20 at least dog. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm trying to live a while. I you're trying to live a lot. Think about, think about if you're, you're gonna be in heaven for eternity, right? Yeah. Yeah. So why you only have a little time. Why rush it? You say by rush like you're gonna, like, you're gonna be there forever. Sounds like you love the world dog. You know? No, no, I'm just saying. I'm just saying why rush? Like you got nowhere to be like, you're gonna be there for a long time. No, I feel you. I feel you. Valid. Yeah. Understandable. You say we say valid. Valid, valid. Yeah. That's valid. Valid. I feel like you should get up guys.


Me? Yeah. What, what is that box that has birthday candles in there? It's My birthday is coming up guys. June 23rd wish me a happy Birthday. And, and that is why I brought a, I brought a present for you. Open the box. You want me a present? Shit, I sit down. Shit. Sit down. You got me a present? Yeah. Here you go. What'd you get me? Open your present. Well, Why you crushed my present? You crushed my present. C Yeah, it's fine. Oh my gosh. Shut A puppy. Shut up. No. Did you know about this? Is this really mine? No wonder it was whining.


That wasn't your stomach. Come here. Wait, can you take the box down real quick? Bro was killing it. Oh my gosh. Like Scooby tears. Scooby. Gosh, what's your name? Scooby. Is this really? Mine Looks like Scooby. Oh my God. I actually have Scooby snacks today. Oh, Happy birthday. Wait for real. Thank you. Is that Wait, Are you excited? I'm so excited. Kate, how do you feel? I've been, I'm so excited. Yeah. I can't believe I caved and actually got you a dog.


I can't believe you did that either. It's Just like you look at it trying to nap already. There has To be a set up. It has to be a set me this doggy are gonna be besties. Are you kidding me? No way. You actually got a dog that's so fake. It's so fake. Yeah, it's A fake dog. You dog. I it like a real dog Is actually so sweet. It's An AI dog. I know. Yeah. Ca usually Not. You guys have No clue how hard it was to keep this, the dog not seen. Alexis has been babysitting the dog this whole time. Oh my gosh. I love her. I was wearing little squeeZ a girl. Wait, something seems Fishy. It's a girl. Oh, I love her. I, We Name her girl being Nice. I don know about this. I gotta a name. Huh? Let's name her. Scooby. Cinderella. Okay, so Cinderella. Cinderella.


How about Brownie? She has a blue Collar. Yeah. This is Cinderella. It's a girl. Yeah. How? Explain Me. It's a girl. Wait, hold it up. Lemme see. You Think Slender Man pussy. It is a girl. Wow. That ain't no girl. Wait, y wait, no Sella. Actually, I kind of have a dumb question. Maybe. Why is your question? Oh my baby. You Aren't gonna make fun of me, right? This is A serious question. That depends. I Believe. Okay, let's, There are no dumb questions on this podcast unless you're Maverick. Oh My God, baby. It sounds Acceptable. Yeah. Okay. Wait. No. So when puppies are like cats or an animal like that, isn't their mom's stomach do they have an umbilical cord? Ooh. Like 10 umbilical cords.


They Gotta get twisted up. But Harper's mom is saying Yes. I trust that. Wait, question, question. No, My Boob, because I Think she has a belly button. When Kate lifted her up, I swear. Really? What? Look at her stomach. Oh Wait, Matt, we we had a dog that got pregnant and gave birth. We should know this. What the shit my, Yeah, it does. Did it have umbilical cords? Yeah, it's gotten umbilical cord. What? How do you, yeah. Were you standing there when it gave birth? Yeah. Yeah. Sweet. Has umbilical Cords. She sweet. She's so Is that Al's dog? Because cash hates dogs. Is it real? Yeah, I know. Is it real? Is that their actual dog Cash would get the laziest dog ever? Look at this dog. They have. Wait, how old is, how old is the dog? Like 10 weeks. Think that's crazy.


Gimme No, it's my doggie. I just wanna eat it. Eat what? What? So you're not getting anywhere near Cinderella. Cinder. She kind of smelly Cinderella. You're cinder smelly right now. Cinder Cinderella. Cinder. You'll be Cinderella when I clean you. There's no way that you got a dog cash. I am. I know. I guys, you have no clue how hard it was to actually, to keep a puppy hidden is very hard. Feel, feel like What the feel. I feel like Kate would want a small white dog. Like Estes. No. Like the crusty eye dog. I think she would, but Kate would like a lazy dog. Better. And these are like the lazy Look at it. Look, It's a puppy. And this is how, this is how she's acting. I Cinderella. Come here. Smell. Come here.


Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Wait, I like let it walk Around. Okay. Cinderella, I'm gonna put you down. But You can come back up here when you're done showing off your talents. Oh yeah. Wow. Oh my God. Nobody's serious. Oh, this is starting to feel cruel. It Looks like a When did you get Her? Gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my God. It's so sad looking. Oh my God. Guys, look at It. Grandpa. It looks like a Grandpa. Guys, it's so sad looking. It looks like a grandpa. Be careful With her Smell. Grandma, come here. Oh, poor baby. So mu masculine. What Of Her life's not masculine. That's a beefy girl. You are a big Dog.


She's got so much extra skin. Hi. Hey guys. Look at this skin. Guys. This dog is perfect for me. Why? 'cause it's got extra skin. No. What? It looks so sad, Dog. It's sad like me. It's sad. Just like me. The nickname for Kate is ior. No, that's not a new name. They've been calling me IOR for the last like three years. And it's annoying. Yeah, but should I Neighbor Youor? Actually, You can't tell me this dog is not Eor. Look at it, y'all. Hey, you're holding it by the throat. Oh, cinders yellow Ma. I think I need a new dog for Stella. Nope. St needs dog. Don't Get along. So Stella does not need a new dog Smell around. I think I Can hold it. Kate.


No more dogs. That's great guys. No dogs. A sibling something. Something smells fishy. Hey guys, I I do have a confession. What? I knew it. What? I have a big confession. Why is It this time? Oh baby, my confession is it's to know, but Jesus Christ. Okay. And so go ahead and say it. Oh, okay. No, my confession is that dog is my friends and he just asked me to babysitter for the day. Mm. What? So April, fool. Wha wha It's May dude. May Fools. Wait. This isn't our doggy.


No, that was a really rude thing to do to your girl. Are you being serious? Well, I, listen, I wasn't gonna do it. I wasn't gonna You got her all excited. No, no. I wasn't gonna do it. And worst husband award goes to New Matchmaker. Listen, I wasn't gonna do the prank, but I have an even better gift plan for your birthday. So I was like, like the gift for your birthday compared to this. Better than a puppy. Better than better than a puppy. A puppy. Are you pregnant? Cash? Wait, what? Sure. I have a question. Wait, you're being so serious. This isn't our dog. No, you not messing with me now. No, we're not keeping this dog. We're not keeping the dog. Thank. Thank you Jesus. Well, oh Man. Oh man. What, what? Oh, You're so precious. But I can't commit to a dog right now. You know, I actually, I actually had a question for Harper.


Yeah. What is it? Come at me. Come at me. Come at me. Girl. I got, I got come open book. Okay. But Matt, answer the question for her. How Harper would answer first. No, no, no, I can't because it's, You can ask me a question about Maverick and Okay, I'll Answer. It's about Maverick. No, I'll answer, answer it. I'm gonna answer it about me answer. If it's about me, let me answer it. Okay. Yeah. Let Matt answer it how Harper's gonna answer it. Then we'll see how Harper answers it. Let me, Well, yesterday, well, okay, let me start off yesterday. Okay. A couple weeks ago. Oh wait, I Know she's bringing up, I'm so excited. What the, oh nevermind. Don't let Mav answer this. Just let Harper go straight into It. A couple of weeks ago, what? When Maverick's girlfriend comes over with her dog, Maverick will walk around in the backyard and I'm like, Mav put shoes on. But he doesn't wanna put shoes on.


So he invested in a pair of flip flops, which is so kind of him. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Now The issue with him is that these flip flops were originally I thought, just gonna be some backyard shoes. You know, when you have to take the dog out. Sure. The other day I'm at church and Matter walks, walks in. I have a Revelation. Okay. I think I should take from here. Hey. Hey. Lemme it from here. Hey, let her talk. Let her talk. Maverick walks into church. This is Ridiculous. Sunday morning, church. You know you're supposed to be in your Sunday best. I Was. Oh, He walks in with his plaid shirt. A pair of jeans and his backyard flip flops. Ma, that is crazy. No it is not. I looked around, you know how many women were wearing flip flops and sandals?


Yeah. They're not that different. They were like pretty sandals. They their feet out. They're sexist. Let anybody eagle your feet. Now. Now it gets better. I said, I said, okay. You know, Sunday church not the place to wear flip flops, but whatever. Yes it is. Yes. It's, it's not, it's, it's not when you're wearing, if you were wearing shorts, maybe I've seen guys wear flip flops with shorts. But flip flops with jeans Is crazy. That's crazy. It looks so wrong. It's absolutely diabolical. I'm gonna keep doing it. So, So yesterday that's all. After we finished filming, we're all like, that's crazy. Let's go get, let's go get some, some lunch. And Mav goes, are y'all ready to go? This was the fit. Now granted, just had the hat on. Was walking out on Y'all ready? I had the hat on just from the podcast.


I just had it on still. Okay. The hat yourself from like the hat down. Alright, ready guys. Here is Maverick's outfit. Look at that. He went into BJ's like that. You guys are so judgmental. Look at Harper's face right now. Mom, she's embarrassed to even be sitting next to you. She's always been embarrassed to sit next to me because we Love you. We are having the talk with you. Absolutely not. This is not love. You tell the people you love the hardest things and that, oh God, that needs to go. It's really bad. Are you kidding me? No, I do not need to change For you. You love someone. You have to have the hard conversations. And this is this, This is not like, Hey Maverick, you're fucking, we've noticed that you're, you're you're, you're going down a dark path and you've been hanging out with gang members lately.


No, no. I is that conversation. I think what you need to watch who you're hanging out with no wearing flip. Flo. Your fashion has been going down a dark path. Yeah. My fashion. Definitely, bro. You need, since when do you or me have any sort of fashion, you're right, you're right. Not your fashion, just your, your decency. I will Do you realize for the first time there Was another dude in jeans wearing flip flops at church, by the way. And I Probably should have said something to him too. Had I seen it, I would. And he was an older guy. He was like probably 40. I would've pulled him to the side. I would've said, Hey listen man, like I'm so glad to see you in church this Sunday morning. So happy to see you here. But the sandals gotta go. You would tell him that? I think I would. Oh, well he'll be there again next week and I'll, I'll point it out because this man, this man doesn't own tennis shoes. I know him and he only wears flip flops. You Know what I remember from my first grade, I don't know why they were trying to teach us Spanish in first grade.


I think they just literally needed to like, figure out what to do with this 30 minute period in the school day. They Couldn't. Yeah. I'm confused what special classes are for. 'cause all those classes, y'all just names seem kind of useless Elective. It's yeah, that's what they are. Electives technically, but I guess our school's called them specials. Like, Hey guys, hey kids special today is pe we're gonna take you down to PE or you're gonna go to art class today. That's your special. But it's electives. But anyways, we didn't have Spanish as one. But in first grade grade, I guess there was like literally like a 30 minute part of like every Thursday that they needed to just fill. And they're like, we're gonna teach these 6-year-old Spanish, that's what they need to learn at six years old. So they took us to this classroom and we put on a little like Spanish video. Like, Like Dora Not just, not just Wait.


Y'all all know it. Yeah. It was like that, that song. And it was like finger puppets. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or, or Wait, wait. Hold on. Okay. I get how you two knew this. Y'all went to public school. How do you know this? I don this. This is a popular song. Yeah, it is. Sing it. Sing the Spanish song. It's like the Spanish song. Sing it when you're I can't sing the whole bank. I don it. No, go ahead. No chest. Okay. Don't hug him guys. Don't hug him. Don't hug him. I, I don't remember. We were on TV all the time. Oh, okay. You don't know. That's good. That's good. No, but you know the, also the other ones, it was like these mice that would go on like a motorcycle and they would do like, like the vows. A EI Oh I love you. And like, and then all that. You Think a ouie? No, No, no, no. It's not that. It was like, I Just remember it. Oh, Stuart Little Stewart Little.


That's, I was, I'm not thinking Of that now. Have you seen Stuart Little? No, but I'm thinking about something else. Oh, Little Einstein. Oh, I found it me the song. It was don't play the song. No, I'm not gonna play it. I'm gonna sing it for y'all. Okay. They would have little finger puppets to like, you know, We're gonna play the song. Here we go. Do you remember it? Yes. I need my cake. I have A cake. Okay. It was a little finger puppet. So picture I have a little, a little monkey on here or something. Yep.


Anyway, I think we nailed it. I think that's probably exactly how it sounded at school. I Want everyone to know that I took like Spanish one three times 'cause I failed every single time. Don't Do shouldn't you have been on the Spanish three by that? I should have. But as I said, I failed every single time so I couldn't move on. I'm doing Spanish one for the first time ever. You'll get it. I just didn't try. This is where I was going with my Spanish story is we were six years old and our Spanish, wait, no, how old's that in Spanish? Say wait. Yeah, We were six years old in Spanish class. And like, this was when like the teachers, our actual teacher would leave the classroom and they'd bring in like, you know, someone to just watch the kids for the 30 minutes. Yeah. This lady, I don't know why I thought about it when I got older, but I was like, that's a little weird.


She would bribe us in the classroom. She'd be like, who wants to rub my shoulders today? What the what the, and like, no, she Would convince ev like all the six year olds to be Like, me, me, Me, me. Because that would mean we got like a little piece of candy or we got to play computer games or something. Are you serious? What Does Oh, that's that. That's and Like that. She literally literal have the six year olds come rub her shoulders. That's crazy. That's weird. I honestly, if I was a teacher I would do that too. I'd be like, who wants to gimme a massage today? Like, no, you can't do that. Six can't Do that. No, can't do that. But Yeah, I never thought about how weird it was. That's why I was, I was like, why was she, why was that not monitored? It's crazy. 'cause she has no idea this is happening. I Know I'm not doing that cash. Do It, do it for me. She Probably has an idea.


Don't Just my She has zero idea your idea. Because I told her, I I, I've been lying to her and I told her, I was like, listen the ring, I, I custom designed it and she's known that for a while and I was like, it's just still not in there. They're still making it. 'cause there's not like they have to hand make it custom you wire. I'm like, it probably won't be here until like right before August. Oh my. So I told her before, I was like, you need to have your nails done. 'cause the ring could be in my pocket right now. I Can propose at any moment. You don't know. Yeah. So I need you to keep your nails done. She has not listened to that at all because she's just like, the ring's not even here. Why do I need to get my nails done? Yeah. So she does not care at all. She's not, she has no idea. It's coming mine Very much during her nails. But She's getting her nails done today, isn't she? She is. Okay, That's good. Yeah. My had told me he was like, 'cause he had said earlier this week he had texted the sister and was like, Hey, make sure her nails are done.


And her sister wasn't able to get her to the nail salon without being too obvious. So I was gonna try to go, but now I don't have To. Yeah, I was worried because I was like, oh no, I know if she doesn't have good nails, she's gonna be so mad. But it's not gonna be my fault. I'm gonna tell her what I tried. It's nails that serious. Yes. I didn't think it was either, but every girl has told me, they're like, did you make sure her nails are done? I Would be So if I got engaged with my nails looking like that, Jesse, I would think so. I don dunno why your nail looks so funny. I'd be very mad if you proposed and this was what my nails Looked like. Yeah. Nail could be a whole standup bit. That thing's funny. I told you I was doing it. Yeah, no, I was letting My dad looks so bare. I was like, where's the board? I know It popped up.


I literally, now that I don't have to wait for Kinsey to get here, I wanna go get 'em done after this because this has been, I've been waiting. 'cause I thought I was gonna have to go with her, but it's been driving me crazy. Yeah. So I'm gonna go get it done after this. No wait, just the one. No, I'm gonna go get 'em done. I've had these for almost a month. Oh Actually I, I've had these for maybe yeah. Three days. I was so upset though with my Okay. Because I had told cash so long. I was like, don't propose. I, I had a list of things that I wanted. I was like, make sure my hair looks good. Make sure I'm wearing the certain dress, which he somehow got me and my favorite dress ever at the time to get engaged. But, And she knew she was shocked. She did not know I was engaging in head. I had No, but I told him, I was like, I need to make sure my nails are done. Yeah, let's make this episode about y'all's engagement.


Yeah. Go. I'm telling you the importance of the nails. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm Kidding. If you go look at our wedding proposal, it was like 90 degrees in Texas and it was December and I was like, I'm not getting engaged this month. I'm just gonna get the cute Christmas nails I want. I got engaged with the candy cane stripe on my nail. Oh you did? I had like bright red nails and some candy cane stripes. I was not happy. That's embarrassed then. And I was wearing like a summer dress. I was like, this is not the vibe. Do you know how long we've been waiting the, like everyone has been waiting for Maverick to find the one. Yeah, No you don't. About 22 years. 23. It's about 23 years. It was just so weird because after, wait like Maverick, gosh, I don't even know after This is about to be really, I'm excited where this is about to go.


No, it's just like after his last relationship he was like, oh, I'm not, I'm not dating forever. Was my last relationship a joke? Yeah. After My last relationship. I'm not dating for a long time. Might not ever date again. Might not get married. If I do date a girl, she's gonna be the next girl. Like the next girl I date, she's gonna be the one I marry if I date. And now he's getting married. You say months Jokes. Man, these are all funny. Well, some of those were true. We did say that too. After, after your last relationship. We were like, the next one he dates is gonna be the one he marries and, And I prophesied. I said, I say, Oh my God, Maverick is gonna, oh my goodness. What? We showed my prophecy. Oh my gosh. You have to play it at the wedding. We haven't showed my prophecy.


Oh my gosh guys, I'm a fortune teller. Let's just say that. The least. The least. Remember go back a couple Episodes ago, it's like you knew I was dating intentionally. Like obviously no a Good chance. It was before the first date. Before the first date. I was pretty confident. It was before you told me you didn't even know if you liked her yet. I liked her. You were so desperate for you Were about to marry the the Dallas Cowboy cheerleader. You're so desperate. He Was not about to marry that girl. What The like Yeah, she asked her out on a date. He Asked her and she rejected him. That's not what married Actually Yes. To a date. But then she never hit you back. Oh, I did tell her to send me times and she never texted me times. And I was like, all right, I'm not reaching out. She was like, I'd love to. I was like, all right, text me what time you're available. She was like, okay, That's awkward. So I just let it Go. So awkward Bro.


How embarrassing. Not awkward or embarrassing. Kenzie's texting me. What'd She say? She's texting me pictures of the dresses she's gonna wear for the proposal music video because we, well it is a music video, but earlier I texted her and I said, Hey, here's an example of what, because she thinks that me and her are like both in the video. Yeah, but I'm not really. So I was like, here's an example of what they want us to wear. And it's like white sundresses. And she specifically said, I found that exact dress on Amazon. I think I might do white 'cause then I Can potentially reuse it for a bridal shower or a bachelorette trip. No way. I was like, oh That's so smart. Bachelorette trip sounds crazy. She ain't going on no trip.


What? She ain't gonna like What? What do they think they're going Orlando for like a trip. Who wants to go Las Vegas trip? Sounds crazy. That's What you do Is Bachelor trip, a bachelorette trip that's Wait to New Orleans? Maybe like a, maybe like a day thing. But like I, no trips like a vacation thing. Usually trips are usually what people do. They go on vacations, they Do little trips. It's like her and her sisters will go on like a little bachelor trip. Do I get one? You can do a bachelor trip if you want. Hey, hey, we get a trip. It's a bachelorette. No, you guys would go on the bachelor trip. We're Going on a bachelorette Trip. Unless You guys, No, that's like the thing. We didn't do that. That because we got married so young that like, I don't even know.


All of my friends were in high school, like literally when we were getting married. So I like couldn't go on a trip. Well guys, no. Next time you see me on this podcast, I will be married. A married moment. Be engaged. Wait, is that true? I'll be engaged. Wait, that is true. Yeah. Next episode. Now can't be be engaged guys. What the and I What? Everybody's married. This is my last episode being single man. A boyfriend, single guy. After this, I am engaged. Next time we found these gonna be engaged Committ. That's crazy. And then in a few months he's, you're be husband, he's gonna have a wife. Crazy. He's, life is changing fast. Guys, keep up with the program. I have something I wanted to bring up. First of all, My handsome looks. This tree is in my hair. No, My big giant muscles.


A Couple, a couple episodes ago we talked about how I was a formal former middle school bully and we were like, oh, if Kate's ever bullied you send us, send us a note saying Kate's bullied you and you'll get an apology. We've Gotten a lot of notes. Y'all are all liars. First of all. See, look at the couch. I'm pulling up the emails. He Was pulling up the emails. I'm just looking. Y'all all liars. If y'all were just trying to get a little email from us, loser, you didn't get one. Because I know y'all all liars because I know the kids I went to school with and it wasn't you people. Kate, Come down. I emailed a couple of them back. Wait, do you emailed them back? Well, yeah. They said they had good stories. So I was like, okay, tell me the story Mom. Obviously it was fake. No, it was it though. Was it though? Tell me the Names and I will Confirm.


Hi Maverick. I've been a victim of bullying. Wait, Matt, pull your mic down. A bullying or my bullying? Matt, pull your mic down. Pull it down please. Wait, what? I'm sorry. I'm trying to read these horrible stories Down. Wait, can you gimme names so I Can confirm? Mm. Kate bullied me in seventh grade saying I have dead ends and bad acne. Sounds like Kate. I didn't know what dead ends was. I'm not gonna out their names. No, I don throw names. What? Kate used to bully me. I feel like I really need an apology. Would you like to apologize? No. 'cause I probably didn't bully you. What? I'm not, I don, I Don't. Kate Lowkey bullied me so much when we were in high school. She would make fun of me. High school is a lie. There is a listen. You can say this isn't true, but there's a common theme throughout all these emails. What's the I'm bullying That.


That she would make fun of me for my acne and she would put posters of me everywhere. One day it got physical in the school bathroom and we fought posters. I don't know if she remembers me, but ask her if Ava in 10th grade history rings a bell chokes On you. I wasn't in school in 10th grade. Okay, Kate, if you didn't bully all these people, who and why did you bully them? There was I? No, I don't want, I really don't wanna To talk about because How did y'all fight in the bathroom? I gotta know. Oh, me and Ava in 10th grade. No, No, no. Like for real. Oh, you and cash fight. Show me, show me how y'all fight. Yeah, show me how you guys fought. That would be the ref. Please. We'll, we'll do the voiceovers. Y'all. Y'all I can't dude, there's cake on my butt. That's perfect.


Just stand up. It's fine. I'm trying to think about people I actually bullied and There was one. There's so many, many there. You all liars. Dear Maverick, I saw your podcast because one of my friend's kids was watching it and I glanced over and saw my enemy. Aw Enemy. How old are you? We were friendly in sixth grade, but then she started making fun of my acne. There is just such a common theme here. I'm just saying there's no way they all said that. Yes, she was a whole new person. She would make fun of me and start rumors about me and so on. She It's crazy. Often Crazy that you guys can't lie Like that so easily, often. Would you gonna keep talking? Wait Kate, it's getting good.


She often would try to say things and even get physical in the school. Bathrooms. Yo, why are you getting physical people? Lemme show. Wait, I need to see your hands. Yeah. Why you, why are you throwing hands in the bathroom? These are the hands that are getting physical in the school bathroom. Give, get a, I wanna see, I wanna see this. Okay, we can't, okay, Just do it. Yeah, yeah. Throw hands. Kate. No. Stand both. Y'all stand Up. I want her to hit you. Get up. What? The me, you guys, you guys, you guys fight it out? Yeah. Hold your Hands up. I wanna see how you beat these girls up. Oh, she just called Mav out. No, I said hold your hands Up so I Can, yeah, maybe. So I Can just, lemme try. No, both get up. No, no, no. I wanna see like you walk up, grab his shirt and bully him. Like, like you bullied these little girls. Yeah. Sh show, show them how you bully me.


Okay. Right here. Right here. Take one. Kate's bullying. Tash, you need to walk by. And Kate, I just wanna see you stop him. No, I, I'm really not gonna walk because the cake on my butt. Okay, Well You can, you have to. I I'll walk by. Maybe she wants to make fun of your cake. Look, I'm sitting down. I'm a little kid. I have bad acne. Kate, please don't bully me. Just do my homework. Look at this kid's acne. That's what you did in sixth grade. You bad daddy, first of all, ow. I'm sorry.


Did I actually hurt you? Did I actually hurt you? A dollar says that apology never happened in real life. Ow. Did that actually hurt? Look what you just, did y'all see this? Oh no I didn't actually. Hey. Oh my God. What did you do? Well we had to cut the episode again. No, I didn't mean it like that. Alright, well, didn't mean it like that. Wait, we're back guys because Matt said another thing fine at it. Know that was fine. Why you all wait. Was that not fine? I don know. Yeah, It's fine. I think it was fa said something.


Yeah, Maverick. Maverick said something inappropriate. I don't think that was bad. So we had to there cake on your cake. We, we had to cut the episode. There's so many opportunities. I'm sorry I hurt you. I didn't mean hurt you Patrick. I'm sorry. It's okay. Just you hurt me badly. There's stand so many stand up. I really relate to people. I Dirty. Stand up. I'm, oh my goodness, there's so much here. I know. I was a victim of Kate's bullying. It was recent. I was just walking down the street when I saw her and I was like, oh my goodness, it's Kate. And I said, hi. Then she looked me up and down, said, that's your outfit. It's Ugly Burn. It's like the burn book. Speaking of our high school days, and you know, Harper's still in high school.


How about we see everybody Snapchat scores. Okay. Harper's is gonna Be Harper's just climbing as we speak. Harper. The Harper score just went up like 10 just now. Guys, my face, I'm gonna break out Harper Cash mate Cash looked at my phone the other day. He was like, you have a 70 day streak with Harper. Yeah. Well, I I didn't say it like that. Yeah, what? I just said. You have a 70 day streak with Harper. That's all I said. I've Restored Multiple streak days. Why? I I see the bully attitude Now did you see how she just did that? She goes, you have a 70 day streak with Harper. You're not even in the bathroom yet. Imagine when the parents aren't there. That's literally I Can And she just whales on you. Yeah, she just gets you in a place where no one can find you. No one can hear you scream the urinal.


You guys don't have urinals do you? No. No. You guys, you guys got cops. Some urinals in your balcony Came off my Face. I'm sorry Harper. I would be frustrated. Yeah, I'm sorry there was cake in your face. I hope that doesn't cut You episode All. Let's reveal each other's Snapchat scores. Okay, Well I guess mine is 1 59 2 9 9. What if it's 1 59? 2 9 9? I'm gonna be very impressed. No, what is it? 1 59 2 9 9. Oh, you checked before? Okay. Yes I did. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't everybody else don't say them. I wanna guess you already know mine. Yeah, I know yours so I'm gonna guess yours. Okay. Keep in mind I post like 200 snaps a day to all of our profiles.


That doesn't no, it doesn't count towards mine. Mine goes on my own. It doesn't go on yours. It doesn't No 'cause on my story but her own counts I guess. Oh, I don't Know. And she snaps me a Lot. Okay, I'm gonna guess Kate's Snapchat is 400,000. I'm gonna guess 600. Hold on. No map. She's went all through high school. I've had this Snapchat since I, Harper Harper. No, no, no. All Through through. I've had this Snapchat since I was 11 years old. Yeah. Listen. So Harper, Harper, everybody's had their Snapchat since they were little. Matt, listen. Yes, Harper, when did you get your Snapchat? In eighth grade. Okay, what grade are you in now? Ninth. Okay, so in, in one year, Harper has 150,000 and Kate's had her Snapchat for eight years. I'm guessing you're just like 659, 4 Hundred's low.


No. Are you kidding? What do you think her Snapchat's, Hey y'all let me know in the comments, if 400,000 is low, that is not low. 400,000 is not like Hundred Thousand is it's not average. If if you're 400, if it's 400,000 is not low, 400 to like 600,000, you might be 400, 600 thousand's average. Now I gotta finish my sentence. Listen, should I check other people's Snapchats that I'm like friends with? Well, it's true. What? Okay. Your cousin Hailey, her Snapchat, her SNAP score's 344,000. Look at her saying specific people's names like trying to make them out to be bad. No, No, I'm, I'm just saying that this is average. This is the average. It's not average. Lily's Lily's Snap score Six. You're not listening. Very good people right now.


Lily's Lily's Snap score 685,000. Kate, let me tell you this. I've had my snap longer than you probably, Well you probably just didn't have a lot of friends to snap. Oh, maybe I just wasn't a hoe in high school. Maybe. Maybe that's what it was. That was not that. That's a mean word. I don't know why you would say that. How? Yeah. She just said I had no friends. I don dunno why you'd say that. No, I just, I'm being so serious. You were homeschooled. He said in the, in the last bro podcast. I serious. No, in the last podcast he said, he said over 300,000 You're a hoe. That's what he said. I I never said that. That's Yes. Did bold coming from someone who doesn't post his own Snapchats that night, I said that until I learned better. And now that I you owe your wife and that's 400,000 and now and now that I know better, no, We Actually have to guess we what the freak do you think we're doing right now?


She doesn't. That was, I hope you know that that was not an insult. Genuinely in public schools and Calm down. I didn't know snack schools were gonna be so controversial Because y'all are making me out to be some dirty girl when I was just a public Girl. When I was just a public Girl. Everyone in the comments gets to decide if you're a dirty girl, I'm a dirty girl with cake in heard 400,000 and they'll decide for themselves. I literally hate this podcast more and more. There's really cake in my hair. There's Literally cake in my hair that, that, nevermind, this is getting hectic. Why do you hate the podcast? Because I literally sit down and watch my belongings get destroyed and I get bullied every episode, episode Bullying.


I, that Was not me being me. Maverick. I told you, You also beat my cake. I'm sitting my cake, my hair and you beat him up. We suck you talking too. Y'all said show me how you bullied. Okay. Okay. Your friend jumps off a bridge. Will you? Huh? Y'all wanna know if she told me the other day, she definitely beat insulting me behind my back. I know that That Is not true. Just She looked at me, she looked at me the other day and she said, wow, you look bloated. When did I say that? After? I remember Are you Talking about when you cleared both of our plates? He cleared. You Still said I look bloated. Which is not nice. You look like a boat. He said that Matt, A boat Matt, he doesn't boat both Of our plates at dinner. And he is like walk, he's waddling out of the restaurant and he's like, you see This is bullying.


That's, That is what happened. You're Saying now I ate so much food is what happened. You're saying I that doesn't mean it's not bullying. You're saying I ate so much food. I was having to waddle out of a restaurant and you think this is nice to me. That's, That is what Happened. You said he was waddling out of the red. You're talking about a moment where he was weak and you're just making fun of it. Okay. Okay. I don don't let's pick one of your weak moments, Okay? Okay. Hold on. If you, I'm sorry if the waddling common offended you. That's not, She's still going. I literally, she stayed out herself. Okay. He, I, I got, I got ribs and I probably at like two or three. Whoa, You got ribs? I did. I ate like two or three. It's very ladylike of you. I ate it is she ate them like a lady. Man. I never seen a lady eat your lips ribs so well what do you mean?


Like, I literally thought that, which is funny you brought that up. The episode. Wait, We gotta cut the episode now. No, No, no, no. Why? Yeah, Anything we say it's cut Anything we do. Kate was eating these ribs and I have never ate, I've only ate ribs in my life one way. Grabbing it and clearing the bone, grabbing the next one. No clearing the bone, which like everyone eats ribs like that. Kate somehow ate ribs with a fork and did not get one piece of barbecue sauce on her fingers, which I've never seen someone do. How the heck do you eat a rib with a fork? There's a bone straight through it. But somehow she did it amazed me.


So anyways, continue your story Kate. He's on his phone Are texting. Well I have to hold on You can I go my hands since you say you've never got your phone? Who are you texting? I'll turn my phone off. Who are you texting? I turn my phone off. Who are you texting? Turning my phone off. Kenzie. I'm Kate turning my phone off. Kate, Can I go wash my hands and I will never Sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Why are you asking for like, this isn't in school. Don't do anything while I'm gone. Your phone's ringing. Your phone's wrong like seven times. Yeah, I think, I think she'll she front in my mouth. Wait, what the Oh gosh. Is her mom Okay. That's so sweet. She was asking permission to go use the bathroom like she's in school. Like what? Alright, go Ahead. No, as I was saying is I got ribs and I had like, it was a full rock.


You couldn't order half wrap. So I ordered a full rock and I was like, it's fine because cash is, we know cash. Is he A he's a garbage disposal. No, we'll take Care of it. He's just, he's just a hungry man. He's a, a bloated waddling man. Yeah, we got it. No, so I ate my rib Man. She made fun of my acne. I did not, that did not happen. Why would I make fun of your acne when my acne is worse? You Said I look, you said I look like a pizza face. Oh my Goodness. That is not true. Goodness. Not true. I would never say that. Especially not now because my acne is worse than yours. And I literally talk about every day how bad my acne Is. And don't try to make this about you. Okay. Well he's trying to gaslight you guys anyways. This is sad. Cash Ate. I thought you guys loved each other. Three fourths of the rack of ribs and his burger and all of the sides on the table.


Question. You ordered a full rack of ribs and ate a quarter of it. Well, I I Can. Yeah. She acted like I didn't have to eat it. No, I can't do that. I, I'm, she's forth feeding me. Yeah, because she ordered a full rack of ribs and gonna throw it in the trash can. No, I have to finish it. No, I would've brought it Home. I ate leftovers so I would've brought 'em home And then I would've had to look at it in the car, look at it in the fridge and not eat it. Yeah. Right. Well So I ordered guys, I hope y'all know when I go eat. 'cause if I don't eat it, then if it's in the fridge and I eat it, you're gonna be like, why'd you eat my ribs? No, I, You so I have to eat it right then. No. Or I'm Not gonna eat none. That is not true. Sorry. I'm So gross. No, that is true. No, well just no guys that when I go out to dinner, I know that I Can order as much food as I want because it will get eaten.


You know what she actually did after we ate, we're in the parking lot. She said Lift up your shirt. Let me see how bloated you are. 'cause he always shows me you're forgetting the part where you typically show me. No, that typically does not happen. He typically, when he eats too much, he pulls up his shirt and he is like, look, You can see it all in my stomach. So I wanted to see it all in his stomach. Guys. Wait, wait. So when you guys go to like restaurants and you eat a lot of food, you walk out to the parking lot and you guys just like lift up each other's shirt. You're like, what do you look Like? Oh wow. Wow. Lemme see yours. I know. Not now. It's Just me. Oh, She's just, yeah, he always does. She's like tea. He always eat. Show up. What you do? I can't. I'm sitting on cake. Oh. Well He usually sit stands up and he pushes out his belly and he pulls his shirt Out.


No, I don't push it out. Oh. It's just naturally flowing. It's just flowing. Well, it naturally goes out from how much food I eat. Progressive style. You'd be surprised if I had took a picture of me in the morning. You would think I'm malnourished. If I took a picture of me after dinner, you'd be like, holy cow, that may needs to lose some weight. It's bad. I'm like a transformer. So now that, now that everyone thinks that I'm a terrible wife for calling him so fat and bloated, just know What I asked for It. No, that he, he so proudly lifts up his shirt to show me his stomach after he, does That sound like me Try to sing? Like, you know that one girl who's always trying to like do all, all the rifts and stuff like Ing Me except you? No. No, not me.


Yes. I would never do that. Oh, you mean You mean Maverick? No, you, no, you, oh no, I Can I don't sing. Oh, you're singing today. I don sing. Romeo. Say me. Go. Go Rome. Take me somewhere. We can be alone. I'll be what? Harper's laughing at Me. You're Not. I'm not laughing. It's good in my head. I don't know. Know What to sing with me. The ground said. Alright. And that's Enough. Never have to be alone.


What? What? Wait. Time out. Time out. We're gonna make a band. We're gonna be a band right now. Okay. The LOL band Uhoh. The LOL band, bro. The LOL band is crazy. Is that thumb down for this episode now? We we're starting a band. We're Starting a band. Everybody. Cass is a lead singer. Can I read, can I play the triangle? The triangle Guys? I do wanna sit on this and now to try to pop it or, whoa. Can you walk on it like a hamster? Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.


Oh, no girlfriend. She's upset. She's going up about something that you said. She doesn't get your humor like I do. I'm in my room. It's a typical Tuesday Night. I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like, but she'll never your story like I do. She Wears shorts, skirts. I wear t-shirts. She sheer captain in it. I'm on the bleach shirt dreaming about the date when you wake up and find and what your looking boy has been here the whole time. If You can see the, I wanna understand you been here all along, so why can't you see you belong with me?


Me belong with me? So we did the Inside Out episode and Cash and Kate went to watch the movie, the New one, inside Out Two. Without You. Without me. And I just wanna know if it's even worth going to see. I liked it a lot. Okay, You cry, but, but I will say the new Inside Out two Kate, rate it one out 10. I Would say it's a good seven. It's a good, it's a good newer Disney movie. I will say I I was thinking a good, he's gonna say five. Five. I knew he was gonna say five. I knew it. Yeah, Because, because you saw him go. He, Yeah. No, he could have said four, could've said 14, said 15, but I don't know. Three. Like five. I'm saying five is in, five is an average movie. Brevin six would be above average, four would be below average, brother.


So I'm saying it is the most average. It's a very average movie. Can I change my rating? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna say five. Oh wow. Wait, she just really wants to be like cash. That is, wait, why'd you change your rating? Because I thought it was like a, I thought it was good, but Not above average. I Nails. Yeah, I would say it's an average movie. A good movie. A good movie. Hmm, lot's. A good movie Above average is like six A is a good movie's like seven a great movie's like eight or nine and just an amazing movie's like 10. This Brings me to my follow up question. Yes. Was Harper like anxiety Or Yes, because we portrayed her. We were like, I think she'll be like the anxiety character.


Was she? Yes. Yeah, I believe so. Think Barbara Anxiety turned out to be a little crazy though. Tried to do this with your nails with villain for a minute to do the villain. Wait, try to do this With your nails. You mean like Piper Rock tail? Wait, wait, wait. What are you saying? She tried to do this With your nails. Well that was crazy. Nobody laughed at Mav. It was a good joke though. Like, Do you see how it's like, no, no, no. Like you have to put your thumb like next to it. Like all six fingers. No, This six fingers. What? Fuck. Yeah, Matt's doing it just fine. I can't anyways, moving on anyways. I do not. I'm not the villain ever. I never been the villain. I am. Yeah. I've never claimed to be the villain, Kate. This is what we're saying, men. There's three men that live here. Me, Maverick, Alex, we all live in the same house.


Yeah, but only one woman that works. If there was three women, men of the men that live here, who has the biggest problem? Who gets the most upset with the living conditions of the people? Me? Yeah. You got right. Am I the problem? No. No, but we're like saying, you know how often you get mad at all of us for just how, not saying you're right or wrong. Oh no, you're right. I think everyone here knows I'm right when I get Frustrated at the house conditions, but yes. But imagine there was three women all living together. Do you, do you think you could live with two other women? I think that if the three women, No, I answer the Question. No, it depends. I think if it were three women that wanted their house to be clean, yes.


Because we would all agree that we need to keep our house clean. But if it was me and two girls, what About when one of 'em wants to, to hang up ugly decorations on the wall? Well, if I couldn't afford to live by myself, I Have no, You can afford it to deal with It. Oh, I would go find a friend that wants to live in the same house I wanna live in. Lemme Put it this way. All of my friends that I know, every man I know, I think I could just live with and it'd be okay. Yeah. But y'all just don't understand that. Like women, there's Yeah. Women wanna make their house a home and it's like, y'all don't care. Y'all won't, y'all won't hang a single decoration for the whole six years You live in an apartment. Wouldn't Even put a bed frame together. Exactly. Because y'all don't care. It's not important to you, but it's important to us.


Yeah. You find your happiness in material things. We get it. It's great. No. Yeah. Living for the world. Sometimes that's not true. See, now you're gaslighting me Gas. Now how is that gaslighting? That was a joke. And it was true's a joke. Okay. That is not True. Fine. I'll start saying, you just said you guys don't need things to be happy and I need things. I That's what you said. You said That is not what I said. Hey, you know redheads, redheads are the only people who don't get gray hair though. Wait, actually, no way. Redhead's hair. Their hair doesn't go gray hair. That's Cap's. No way. That's so true. Ka. There's no way that's true. Oh, they just bald. Oh, I'm so sorry. Ever seen Reba Rena? Reba Dies her hair. Don't worry, ma, I'm already looking at her. Okay. Yeah. Women like to say things that are true, that hot want things This episode.


What'd you say? Gonna be bad for us? Wait, what'd you say? I said, you guys are incredible. We're Incredible. Wait, why are you call it as me? I make a joke and you're like, she's gas fighting. I threw not incredible. Stop gaslighting me. I'm not mean, you're not incredible. I'm not mean. Don't gaslight me. You're giving me words of affirmation that I do not need that I'm gonna believe Harper. Yo, where do you get your lashes done? Oh, I don't Do, I do 'em myself. And I don't even wanna To talk about 'em. 'cause they're too long. They're, they're too long. And if I, If you what? Hello? Earth to Harper. If I, what's it called? If I Red heads are less likely to get gray hair because the pigment in their red fades over time.


Does that taste good? Usually turning blonde or white instead. Okay. It tastes burns. Oh. Instead of gray hair, they normally turn blonde or white. So in the future you could have blonde hair. K If you ever, that blonde hair would be cool. Okay. I'm sorry if you thought I was being, I took a chunk outta that too. That's okay. I Forgive you. Did you actually think I was being mean? I think you talk aggressive and I it comes off as rude. So maybe you weren't being mean, but the way you were talking seemed mean. Wait, How did the Lo podcast Song go again? All right, well, I'm sorry about that. If, we'll, this make up for it, I don't know. All right. Everybody knows this song. Let's go. Happy birthday To, to you. Happy birthday to you.


Happy birthday. Happy birthday to you. Hey, happy birthday. Why is it smirking? I dunno. Why was he doing that? Y'all saw that? I don Dunno if y'all saw that on camera. Wait, that wasn't intentional cash. No, the smoke alarm's gonna go off. Wait, what? What is happening? No way. They sparking. There's no way that has to be fake. Okay. There're out. There're out. There're out. There're out. They, that Was stop. That's so fake. Fake.


That's real. The smoke alarm going on. What the heck? Yeah. What does Shama regular candle, what does shamas going on? I promise you those are not gag candles. Those are regular candles. Alright. Gosh, I've never that before my life. Stop waving it. Okay. Now to let it be steel. Steel. Are these real? Yes. I These not? No, they're they're not real. These are not fake. Stick them on. They real. Lemme see this. Lemme see this. The fake ones have like batteries. Lemme Yeah. There's no way there's Batteries in those. No, there's Not. Oh, I just need me to hold it. What the heck? But the smoke needs to stop or it's gonna Set up the fire alarm.


Yeah. Tornado threw around my roof. Oh. What is going on with these candles? Okay. I'm so confused. Alright guys, I'm gonna blow these out once and for all. Wait, I wanna see if they you're gonna explode or something. I, Oh, I didn't even think about that. Like That was crazy. Okay. I've never seen a candle like that. I've never seen real candles do that. Okay. Never. They're out. That was absolutely Absurd. I know that those are fake. Like those take one out. Test it. Look Harper, those are regular Candles. This, look, I'll break this in half. That is a normal candle. What? That was the weirdest thing.


That's crazy. I didn't Know that could happen. Well, thank you so much. Not happy for my birthday Cake. Happy Kate. Why are you not happy and jolly? I'm Happy and jolly. I'm so happy and jolly. It's my birthday. No big deal. I am officially no longer a teenager. Why are you sad though? Because I don't like not being a teenager. Oh. I wanted to be a teenage girl forever. You still Have an hour? Honestly. Well, I thought you were gonna get pregnant before you were a I know I'm officially beat teen pregnancy. What? Okay. That's not what I meant. But What thought? I did not think I would make it Before. Wait a second. So you're telling me right now you are not pregnant?


No. Interesting. She beat the unbeatable. Yep. She beat. So You're saying I Can tell you're crying ain getting pregnant The entire time you were a teenager. Yep. You didn't get pregnant once? You didn't get pregnant one time? Nope. Not even once. Nope. I wish I could say I did. I mean, that's the definition of a survivor. Wow. She survived teen pregnancy and not a whole lot of people survived. Teen pregnancy. Yeah. A lot. People, I just, I honestly don't believe that you didn't get pregnant while you were a teenager. Guys, imagine. Well, technically maybe you didn't beat teen pregnancy because maybe you're preg maybe you're pregnant right now and we don't know.


That would be incredible. That's possible. Oh, That would be best case scenario. I don Wait, are you telling me you're pregnant right now? No. Are you pregnant right now? No, I'm not Sorry. Wait, Say yes one time. Are you pregnant right now? Wait, what? Just say it. It's for the intro for the clip. Are you pregnant right now? No. No. Are you pregnant right now? And, and then just like, look at him. Be like, So at one time, are you pregnant right now? That's crazy. No, I'm not. What? No, it's the intro. It's already the intro. It's already I'm not pregnant. You already put it in the intro. It's already Cut. I wish I was though. 'cause I so badly wanted to be like pregnant at 19.


I'm already married, so it's fine before everyone tries to jump me. I wouldn't have gotten pregnant at 15. Just to clarify, I would not have wanted to be a pregnant teenager had I not been married. But I've already been married for two years. No, you know what? So That's okay. And I, No, teen pregnancy is not okay. Yeah. Well it's okay. It's okay. First of all, it's okay to be, to be a teenager. You just said you wanted to be a P teen. No, it's not. Okay. Unless, so You're telling me right now for all those things. Stop saying it's not okay and is okay. Yeah. So you're telling me all those teens out there, they're not okay. That are pregnant. Sorry. If you're pregnant right now. That's not what I was saying. I'm saying you should not strive to be pregnant as A teenager. Why? What if you're in a place where it makes sense for you to be pregnant? You just said you want to be a Yes. I was in a place where I could be pregnant as a Teenager.


Just stop not saying you to the person that's watching. Yeah. Maybe they're in a place where they want to be a pregnant teen. I wanted to be a pregnant teen, but it didn't happen for me. Yeah. That's not what I meant. And 'cause you're Not a seahorse. Only male seahorses can get Pregnant. Yeah, I know. That is totally unfair. I know. I don know. It's so whack. But what's it called? Like I was honestly thinking about it and when I grow up, I don't know what I'm gonna do when I grow up. Possibly be a singer. No, probably not. I don't really see that taking off. I don thinking I need to clarify. What? Well, we tried to give you a chance. Oh, okay. Well, don't talk. We let you talk so much. But you talk like this. Oh, I'm sad. Even though it's my birthday. NBD don't big deal. No. If you are a pregnant teenager, every baby is a gift from the Lord.


And you're a gift from the Lord. Yes. Little baby mama. And it's okay if you're a teen pregnant. It's not Okay. But I'm saying too all, like, I'm not saying like, like grew, how do I say this? Listen, if you are a teen and you're pregnant, that is awesome. And congratulations. I think what Kate's trying to say is, I have a Friend that's Pregnant and it can be really hard to be pregnant as a teenager sometimes. So first, And I don't think it's pe what people strive for as teenagers. Wait. But if they're not strive for in it, why didn't he, Why Don, he just say congrats. Well, because, because it is a good thing's a gift from God. If, if I'm a if I'm gonna get a congratulations for something I, you know I'm gonna freaking do it. Well I would say that you do need to be, I I I, from my Christian perspective, I would say that you should probably get married first.


Let's see, before you have kids, we're gonna play which couple is the better couple. And we're gonna play the shoe game. If you guys dunno what the shoe game is, it's great Woman engineering. We have here women in, damn it was, I'm a women in, not really, but I could be. I gotta be, I gotta be still in this cage. If I wanted to be, I could. Here we go. Harper's gonna ask us some questions. We gotta raise which one it is. So Harper's gonna ask a question. Like for instance, anybody got a for instance question? Who, who's more likely to get arrested? Who's more likely to get arrested? I got a raise. But these are more juicy. Who's more likely to kiss a bunch of people before they get married?


What the, Hmm? That directed at Tank. Tank. You've been kissing a lot of people. Tank You. Can We clarify that Tank is not that Poor Dog's Real name Tank. That is, it's his nickname. Alright, so for instance, we say, wait, what did you say the first one you said? For instance Oh, oh. First is who's, who's more likely to get arrested? All right, ready? Everybody play the game. Oh, wait, wait My on So Couch. You don't have a blindfold? No, it's, it's for instance. Oh, It's a, it's a, it's a, oh It's a demo instance. It demo. I'm showing them how the game is played. Okay, ready? So I think we get how the game is played. Well, we haven't even demonstrated it. Who's more likely to play demonstrate demo. Who's more likely to get arrested?


Go. Everybody wears his shoes. Ugh. So see me and Kate, it's per couple we're supposed to be on. Why the heck, why the heck did you get the same shoes as me now? Well, these are my shoes. Wait, you, you saw me pick out these ones for the game? No I didn't. I saw Own eyes. He was like, cash. Got those shoes. I'm gonna get those shoes. I wanna twin with cash. Yeah. So these shoes are not related across the couples, but pretty much they're gonna answer the question and they both gotta try to get the same one, right? This is, that's his shoe guy's shoe, guy's shoe. Mine's a little bit more dirtier, so they gotta raise the same shoe to get a point. Me and Kate gotta raise the same shoe to get a point. Alright, let's play. And we're not versing couples. Right? Reversing versus us. Yeah. Like Me and Cash would've gotten the point. That's why I was like, why'd you get the same s shoey me? Okay, got it. Me and Cash Would've gotten the point because we got it right And you guys, you guys didn't, Okay.


Alright, everybody put your blindfold time Harper. You're in charge of Stella. 'cause I can't see her. Yeah. Alex, can you keep score? Yep. Alright, Here we go. Alright. Ask us questions. Okay. Okay. Ready? Blindfold. Hold on. My blindfolds on. Okay, I'm ready. Oh. Oh, gosh. Darn it. You engineer is not working. Hey, engineer. Better here. Put this guy here, but let him, let's try Men Engineering all now the, now the Man's done it. That's not it. That's not it. Let's, that, that's already wobbling All. Here we go. Do the wobbling. Do the wobbling. Now. Whatever that song is. Ready? All blindfolds on.


Ask away. Okay. Ready. Gum. Settle away. Gum sail away. Gum settle away with me. Wow. Most likely to sing horses. Why? Who shot me? Don't. Please don't shot me. Whoever shot me All. You ready? Don't hurt him. I won't. I won't. You Gave Harper it. I did. I Did. Oh, this is fantastic. It's on one. It's on one. Yeah. Yours is on zero. Okay, ready? Yeah. Who is more attractive? Oh, this is easy. Easy. Duh. Okay. Wow. That's kind of sad. Come On now I say wait. No, no, no. I'm for real, for real. Here we go. Okay.


Wait. Are we doing for reals? For reals. But we, I'm trying to get points win. We're trying to get points. Wait. Okay. Okay. Wait. We're trying to get points. Trying to get points. Yeah, we gotta try to get points. Okay. So be honest. Kenzie, Do I have to keep score these Points? No, Alex is, oh, be honest. All right. Harper, is either one of us raising the same shoe? Oh, Is AV And Kenzie raising the same shoe? No. Oh, Come on. I'm doing Kate. Kate raising the same shoe. Do me. We're Let's go Kate. Yay. I'm glad he mute. Ow. Stop. Tasing me, Kate. They both raised Cash's shoe. Yeah, so Cash was honest. Kate was like, I, We should get a point. My husband is conceded so he's gonna raise his No, no, no, no. I knew, I knew Kate was gonna raise my shoe because she thought I had raised my shoe as a joke.


So you're cheating. So I was like, I have to raise my shoe in order to get a point because Kate's going to raise my shoe. I just can't believe you raised my shoe. I look like a knuckle jacking ape. That didn't evolve correctly, bro. What's you and the Face? Yeah, my arms are too long A knuckle driving. But for clarification, clarification. Ow. Stop. Ping me. It's not Hurt me. Clarification. I would like, I would've rather raised Kate's shoe, but I knew Kate was gonna raise mine. Well, I like you too much. Yeah, I like you too darling. Are you being held at gunpoint to say that? Okay. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. They have one point. We have zero. Okay, Next row. Ready? Who's the better kisser? Well, we haven't kissed yet.


What? Well, that's Can Wait, wait, raise both, both Shoes. No. Only one shoe. No. What? Kate? Are you raising one? I am Raising one. Well, cash send me these by the way. So I, I, I No, I, no. All right. Here we go. These are rigged. If cash send to You. I just sent a couple, I sent her a couple questions. I just feel like, okay, are me Kate. I'm completely guessing here. Okay. Are you and Kate racing the same one? No. Oh, no. No. Okay. Kate, we gotta start being for real. I'm being For real. So they got zero points on that one. Yes, but how many did we Get? Zero. Oh, come on. Anyways. You know I'm probably gonna be the best. Rude. No, come on. I can't believe you thought that of yourself. So Why haven't y'all Kissed? Why haven't we kissed? Kiss, kiss, kiss, Kiss.


No kiss, kiss. No, no kiss. Ow. Ow. Wait for Me. If you answer, why don't we kiss You don't peer Pressure people in The middle. Well, you know, we probably would kiss. But you have Rads. Yeah, I'm not kissing that. I'm sorry. You tested First. I'm sorry. You have Kinzie? No, we just haven't kissed. 'cause Do you know Kiss married? No one's taught him. Oh, I know how to kiss. So you raised the wrong shoe too. Then if no one's taught, you also we're waiting till marriage. So if y'all want me to kiss a guy sometime soon, go follow us. Come on. Ah. Oh man. Wait, what's happening man? That's facts. We're getting married when we hit a million followers on, on TikTok.


That's crazy. Alright, Stella. So zero In charge. Got I got. I got it. Tell her to sit. Sit. Stella. Sit. Sit. Good girl. Alright. Zero Points. Not Mackenzie. One point for me and Kate. Kate, we gotta start being for real. I am being for real. No, no, I know, but I I I've been raising my shoe like as jokes. But I thought you were raising my shoe. 'cause you knew I have a joke. I, well, I, so no more jokes set aside. We're Being for real. Ow. We're being for real this time. Okay. All right. Ready? Here We go. Yes. Now, who is more likely to cheat? I'm not answering that. Don't say your lying. I would never cheat. I would never cheat. That's not funny. I'm nots answering that these, because neither of us would cheat.


No, she was being raised from Kate. Well, I'm not a cheater, so I would never cheat. Yeah, I Would never, I'm heck not a cheater. Wait, So if one of us were going to But Kate, didn't you like kind of cheat when you had like a boyfriend in like fifth grade or something? Well, Just because I cheated on the boyfriend with cash doesn't mean I cheat on cash. But it does mean that you have, you have a history. Kate, can you raise a shoe? Oh my gosh. Put your Black. Okay. Okay. I didn't, unfortunately I was gonna lift up my hole If anyone raised themself, that's highly suspicious. Okay, Well y'all just gaslighted me into thinking I did. I don dunno what shoe to raise. I don either. Well, you had Raise one shoe. Shoe. I didn't raise an issue. Didn't raise.


I didn't neither. Everybody's gotta raise one here. I certainly didn't I raise a shoe. Seriously? What was that One? I said Jesus Shoe heard. Okay. Yeah, we did eating body mo. Catch a tiger by his toe. If it hollers us play. Anybody know the rest of the song? Mo? It's eating me my mo. Catch a tiger ride toe. If y'all are let go Cash. I don't know which hand is in what? I'm gonna say raise your left hand. Okay, I'll raise my left hand Too. Okay. Y'all raising? Yep. Okay. I'm Not raising Raise one. You gotta raise one. All right. Cash. And Kate got it right. Y'all got either, let's go Two zero. Wait, who's cheating over there? These questions are rigged.


Unfortunately, I was the cheater. But you just told us to raise our left hand. How Did you, you you were the cheater. Ow. Because I raised my own shoe. Oh yeah. Stop. Shocking him. You're gonna hurt him. No, I can't believe You would cheat on me if he, if he was a real man, he would've get hurt. Your issue. I'm not gonna cheat. Wait as a shock caller. Hate to be shocked that many times. I, I don't know. I cheat. You're A guy. You Cheat. Yes. Everyone off knows women are more likely to cheat Somebody. Fact check That women are definitely more likely to cheat. I Feel like that's not true. Also, I don't feel Stella anymore. Anybody Know? Come here, Stella. Oh, I thought something was like at my toes. Sit. Sit, sit. I, I was like, sit. Sit. I was like, Alex, whatcha you doing down there? Sit. Look at my Toes. Sit. That's weird. Sit. Sit Alex.


Good girl. Okay, next question. Let's see who is a better driver? Oh. Oh, this is easy. Like, what are we talking about? We're Gonna lose this game. What? All right, ready? So cash and Oh, cash and Kate got it right. Kenzie and Nav. Got it. Right. That's what I'm Talking about. Awareness. 3, 1, 3, 1 Baby. Ow. Why are you taking, Stop talking. Okay. Okay. Ready? Okay. Who's more likely to pee in a shower? Sell. Sit. Sit. Shower. This is easy. Easy peasy. Limit squeezy. Easy peasy. Pee in the shower. Easy. Stella, Can you, Stella, you shocking me. Sorry, I thought you were still Stella's there.


Okay, fine, fine, fine. Who Got it? Right? Both of y'all. I, We, y'all got it right? Let's Go for us. Two Kenzie. Now, by the way, Stella. Stella, Hey, by the way, it's four, two. You guys got a lot of catching up to do. Wait, who's more likely to pee in the shower based outta Mav And Kenzie. Who'd y'all say? Mav. Oh hey, You'd really be peeing in the shower like that. Ow. Come here. I am up st when I want here. Alright, who else would pee in the shower? Sorry, I wasn't in charge of Stella too. I didn't know. Girls peed. Sit. Sit at all. Period. Sit. Huh? Tank sit. You don't pee. Tank lay down. Yeah. What do you think I go in the bathroom for? Just to look at myself in the Air. Yeah. Alright, Here we go. Next question.


Little girl. Four, two. Okay, last question. Oh, Last question. Here We go. Yes, I Can. Oh, wait. We need about four more questions. So we back up. Okay, I'll make some up. Okay, ready? Oh, also, guys, by the way, if you ask, I hope somebody makes an edit of this Harper, you're so left out because you don't have a couple. If you have a boyfriend, we'll let him on the show. Yeah, but you don't a Boyfriend, you also can't be a boyfriend. That is mean to you. You ain't got no boyfriend. No boyfriend. If You can get A boyfriend, that's mean to you. They're all, they're not welcome on the show. Oh girl, why are you sneezing? All right, what's the last question?


Last question, Harper. No, No. We're I'm making more up. Oh, I'm scared if you make 'em up and I wanna amp it up to seven. Okay. Make what the make one, make one more up and then ask that one. Okay. Who's more Like for everyone that cash gets wrong? Raise the level. No. All right, make one up. Okay. Who's more likely to French kiss a dog. Oh, okay. You gotta raise yours. I'm really thinking right now. Cash hates dogs so much. But I also could see him doing it like he doesn't even wanna look at a dog. Gosh. I think he, I feel I have a feeling he's raising my shoe. Okay, well, so Cash and Kate got it.


Rah, rah rah. Rightm And Kenzie got it wrong. Whoa, you guys, I'm Never French kissing A dog back. You totally would French kiss A dog. I would Never cheat if cash is like, you should French kiss a dog. You'd be like, okay. What? Yes, you No. Yo, You guys dogs be lick their own booty hole. I ain't doing that. You can tell you guys aren't married. Do it. Click. Let's do it. You ow. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I wish I didn't have a blind folder. What's wrong, y'all? I, We made a pack. We would Not put it on seven. Oh my Goodness. That was not five.


I swear it was on vibe. I knew, I knew. I couldn't Trust any of Y'all. Who did it? Who did it? Who done it? Kinzie. You can take your blindfold off. People told me to do It. Everyone has their Off. Why did you say that? Sit there. Hey, let put it on. Yeah, let help Me put it on. Gimme that buy. No. Yes, Harper wants to do it. We're She'll be fine. Go get it. I'm Fine. She where? I don Dunno where Stella is. She's over here. Stella's fine. She's fine. She's fine. I I don put it on. I I wanna see out. Come here. Oh, Harper's. Harper's gonna, Stella, you gotta get better at sitting on this podcast. Hey Kate, can you grab that?


Yeah. You, you're gonna get fired if you keep leaving the show. Sit. Okay guys, I'm putting the collar on. Alright. Gimme the remote though. Gimme the remote. No. Yeah, I get the remote. No Pickle bow for you? No, I get the remote. Hold on. Oh, that was so funny. That man jumped out the cape. Yeah. You guys put it on max level, bro. Was I caught like the plastic? That was me of y'all. Hey, who, who did that? Was it you or you? Oh, we were all aware of what was happening. I was not, I would not have let that happen. Who Press the button? Mave don't know if Mave Harper. Oh, I didn't press it. Okay. Gimme, gimme gimme You gimme their remote. Gimme their remote. Gimme their remote. You good?


Okay. What an absolute idiot. Why would you give the man that you just put it on seven? The remote. He's not gonna shock her. You can't shock Her. Alright. Is it on? It's not on. She's faking it. I've been holding it down this whole time. You little faker. Yeah. It's touching her skin. No, don't, don't shock her. Don't shock Her. I've still, I've been holding it down. Still. She not. It's On Really? See, it's on my skin. No, but like, push it on your skin. The ice come off. Are you pressing the right button? Is it on something else? No, it's, it's on. But she's not Just put it on your ceiling. Like press it. Put it on Vibrate. Yeah. There You go.


What Was it on level four, your little baby? That scared me. That scared me. Actually jolted Me around. You wanna try level seven? It jolted Me around. No, it jolted me. No. What you wanna try level seven? No cash. Hey, she's trying. She kind of does. I Can tell. Well, She's like a third of your size Shock isn't like, like calories are nothing. What? Well, I feel like that's calories kids to do, do to Harper. Did you say calories? Oh no, sorry. It's not my body weight. Well, I still don't think you should shock Harper. Poor little dog. If this is my body weight, poor little doggy over there is going. I didn't like that game. I feel like that game kind of ruined our relationship. Whoa. No, it didn't Really. You think I would French kiss a dog?


Okay. All the other ones. We thought highly of each other. Hey, you guys don't know each other very well. I just thought I'd say that. You guys, you guys lost miserably. Well, it's okay. They'll they'll know each other. Yeah. I pressed it down time. If I was playing to Win then we would've won. Really? But I Was playing truthfully. I agree. You need to play truthfully on these games. And you need to play truthfully as well. I I just feel like this game ruined everything. What does that even mean? Don't play it at your wedding. That's for sure. She said that I cheated or I would cheat. Well, yeah. Why did you cheat? I would never cheat. That's what you guys have to look forward to when you get married is absolutely no time alone.


No, I have time alone. She wants to watch me poop, but I won't let her. No. What you freak. Yes. I don't wanna watch him poop. It's just like, Yes you do. Little weirdo. Because I never, no matter, I'm not four years, 40 years into marriage when I'm pooping door closed, no one else in there. Not even a dog. So not even a dog. Sometimes I'm gone. Not even a durable or a hamster, nothing. Very hamster. Ster. Very, he Gets, gets so mad when I'm in the bathroom if I like, don't. 'cause we have like the master bathroom and then the toilet is in like its own room. He gets so mad if he walks in and I'm going to the bathroom with the door open. Yeah, like close the door. You say that, but you'll FaceTime me on the bathroom. Well, I'll FaceTime people, but like, that's different. You can't, you only see my face.


No, sometimes you show everything on FaceTime. Pooping is the most exposed you will ever be. Nobody's mad Because You do Feel naked. I'm pretty sure you moon People. You know what's ironic? I actually did film a selfie video and posted on an Instagram Yeah. Of me pooping. You did? And it was a video like this. Oh My gosh. All my friends were talking about it. And they, they're like, they're like, oh my gosh, Harper, did you see Cassius new Instagram posts? They like, that they thought was funny and No. And I was, I was like, what? And, and then I went on and it was like a huge dump. Yeah. Like you're, you're like, I begged him to delete That. Oh, so bad. It's funny though. See people talking about it? It's funny. No, I was gonna go and then I tried to back you up. I was like, oh, it's, that's cash.


Yeah. She's like, actually there's no defending you. No. That's cash. I was like, and I was like, yeah, at least I don't do that on my Sorry. I was like, at least I don't do that on my tiktoks. Right. You have no idea how many people called him, texted him and was like, dude, you accidentally posted this to take it down. Everybody's like so many people texting. Take it down, down. I like ran, I ran over here to the balcony and I'm yelling downstairs like, cash. Josh, take it off. Cash. Take it down. Everyone's like, take it off. Cash is still up. Well, it was a story. It was a story. That's right. Yeah. But I Can post another one tonight. No. Yeah. No. Should I do a daily? I I should start a daily story and I rate you'll Lose followers so fast. You'll do has gone viral. I'll unfollow you.


I'll un follow you. You'll lose so many, but you'll gain. So, but Joe, but will whole attention be so high because people are low key waiting for the 10, outta 10. Everybody was literally down school talking nine. And that's hit a take doc channel know It was in a good way or a bad way. Like they were still talking about it. Like, right. Yeah. And like I could start a morning poop and every day I just like rate the poop. Like just how it went, how that day went. So, oh my goodness. Like if you run out of toilet paper, that's a zero outta 10, right? No, I just, I think this is bad. I Was in this target parking lot as one teenage girl is, I already know. This is about to be a Karen moment. Kate has so many Karen moments. I target this's. Not a caring moment. This is every time you have a target story. It's a Karen moment. It is not. I walked out to my car and everybody that is a, what is it?


Not a victim victim, but everybody that is a target for sex trafficking as in Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, gross. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are we talking about? I'm confused for this. It's a good idea To talk about that on this podcast. No, no. I'm just, I'm just curious. Have you ever like been scared that you're gonna get sex trafficked in a parking lot? How about we use the word kidnapped? How about that? Yeah, how about that? Okay. Have you ever been I've gotten, I've gone. No, you haven't. That's a lie. Okay. Okay. We're Not gonna To talk about that. Whatever that's about. We have so many things now guys. I'm so sorry for all the believing you guys are here. Listen, we can talk about that after. That sounds like something we should talk about though. Not on a cheer bomb. Okay. And again, close the mouth Harper. Everyone stop talking. I started Crying, Kate.


Okay. No, No, no. This is why we have the Bross only pos. Alright, I'm gonna do my dance again. Listen. Okay. Have you ever been worried that you're gonna get taken or abducted or kidnapped in a parking lot? Yes. Yeah. By Chucky from Chucky Cheese? No, that thing's creepy. Okay, Chuck. Well, Chuck, clearly you guys are not women because every woman in the world that's a driver. Well, First of all, speak for yourself. He's totally a woman. No, every girl Yeah. Don't terrify is Terrified to walk in parking lots. Okay. And you know when there's a zip tie or something on your handle or there's money on your windshield or there's something to make you stop. That's like a try. That's like a taxi. Who Are you talking about? Just let her talk. Let her talk. That's Like, that's a known thing that whenever just Let, Hey, we're not gonna interrupt her.


Do Do you guys see how they're trying to gaslight me when I know that this is True? I'm literally, I'm trying to hear you out. I'm trying. He's laughing. Thank You've been gaslighted already. No. That's like a thing. They will No, listen, if I'm gonna kidnap someone, I'm not going to announce it before I do it. No, no, no. That's it's, it's becoming more known now, but it's supposed to make you suck. Happy My stress. Oh no, I'm gonna, you No, it's, there's a zip supposed to make you, I'm gonna put a zip tie on there so she knows she's about to get kidnapped. No, it's For people. If you don't know, then you stop and you're like, why is there a zip tie on my car? And you look at it and you try to figure it out. And that's when they take you. No, they take you, y'all Can see that this 23-year-old Man Is not a woman. You, if you get kidnapped, first of all, money on the windshield, that's awfully nice of them.


No, it's to make you stop. It's literally look it up. If you have a zip tie on your car. If, if you are my target for me kidnapping, I don't have to make you stop. I'm just, I'm just gonna grab you. You're not gonna run very fast. Yeah. Well I'm just gonna walk up and say you're, I'm taking you now and I'm not giving you the money. Okay. Well and first off, why do you think people wanna kidnap you? Because I am a teenage girl and I probably would sell for a lot of money on the black market. Yeah. Not for long. You're almost not teenager. Do you think you'd sell for a lot on the black market? Most definitely. I'm a blonde white girl. I don that. What's a black market? Yeah, sure. I don't, I don't, I don't think you Y all don't think I would.


What? A blonde white. Someone might give like a dollar about you. About you. You get kidnapped and you notice, wait, I imagine you get kidnapped and you go bid on the black market and nobody bid it on you. They're like, I guess we'll let you go. Do give you refund. That is dude, I feel I'd be like you. No, no. Someone's gonna buy me. Someone's gonna, they just put you back at the Target parking lot. Well What are these? They're Pokemon cards. Are you six? We're we're, we're opening up packs now. On, on, on here guys. Every every episode we're gonna open up a pack of Pokemon cards. Lets, are we? No, there's a bug on your finger.


We got skinny. Are we rich? Manav? That's all I Can know. I left Buzz Lin bro. I'm sorry. Who? What are are these anime things? Purley is jungle. Mav Wood know uneven. There's no way you know his names Explore his guidance. Is he reading the names? Iron Leaves? Iron Vvi. Y'all didn't Even get, let me use the part of my story where I was a what? The target, The hollows we got are kind of dope, but they're not worth anything. What did you just say? I don't Think you did. I walked out and there was something on my car. Oh, A Pokemon car. Sorry. Wait, wait, sorry. Wait. Hold on guys. I wait. Did they let you go because you didn't sell? They were like, they were like, oh yeah, that's the girl.


Nevermind. We'll pick a different car. Wait, hold on. We all gotta act. Listen, I don't wanna, I'm Not sharing the story. Nope, Everyone, I'm not sharing it now. Everyone stop laughing. Kate almost got kidnapped for the twin fifth time. So we all got it. I'm Not sharing the story. No one Cares. Everybody, everybody took it very seriously. I Can lemme guess there was a business card on your, on your windshield wiper. No, Kate, there was not. Kate gets a lawn care business card on her front door step and she's like, no puppy. The car. Alright. No, I'm not sharing my story. Nobody cares. If, if I would've gone missing today in the target parking lot, nobody would've noticed I could just bid on you. I would've noticed low key If I was key.


If I wasn't here wrong was Low, I might would've noticed. No, would've started the whole podcast. Gotten about 30 minutes in and been like, wait a minute, something's missing. And then we would've, no, I guess not. Why isn't this turned on? I don't know. We can't You wanna figure it out after? We can't find the cord. We can't find the cord for it. Hey, this one kinda looks like you quite Literally. What the, are you calling me a blob? It's a number on you. Solo Sis. A green butt Blob. Okay. Alright. Wait, see the resemblance guys, we have to listen to the story. I'm not, listen, I'm not saying my story. Who cares? Please share. This is a safe place. I'm not No, this is Quite literally. This is quite literally. Whoa. This one looks like a be expensive.


It's gold. Is this sponsored or something? No. Yo, I don Dunno if y'all saw that card, but Matt almost just took Kate's eyeballs. Eyeballs out with those cards. No, it definitely hit her in the face. It did. It hit Oh it did hit you. Oh, she might cry. This is no, please don't throw another one. Hey. Hey guys. Yeah. Can we listen to Kate's story? No, I'm not sharing it now. I'm being attacked by Pokemon cards. You mean attacked by Pokemon? Alright, share bum go. No guys share. I'm Not Share. Oh my gosh. Oh, alright Bird. Hi. No, look that way Kate.


Alright. Alright. Tell you a story. This One isn't even a Pokemon card. Oh yeah, it is In my opinion. It, I'm So finish your kidnapped story. Do we wanna listen now? No, I don y'all money Seem to just outta the story so we can move on. Oh my gosh. I walked out and in my door handle, someone had pulled my door handle back and stuck a lip balm in my door handle. And Summer Fridays shit. Yeah. Someone gave you free summer Fridays and then what? And Then I was freaking out. So I took a video. I And you realized you had dropped your pink summer Fridays.


Wait, wait. And someone put it in your door handle. You thought you were about to get kidnapped. So you took a video. No, I Took a video as What did you think I was gonna do? The guy was gonna come evidence for what? And you're gonna be like, I got you on film. Evidence Of what? Of what? In Case I went missing. Who's gonna find the evidence If my phone dropped in the parking lot or something? You Don't think they're gonna grab your phone? I don't, I don't know if kidnappers are that smart. But look, doesn't that look a little suspicious? See A lip balm like stuffed in my door handle? That's weird. That's what I'm saying. Wait, lemme see it. Lemme see it. He's gonna take your phone. He always does that to me. See, no, no, no. This Okay. That actually Isn't that weird looking.


Send that to send that to Alex. Yeah, Exactly. I've been trying to tell y'all for like 30 minutes. What's My name? Anyways, so then me and my friend, because I was with a friend, that's the only real reason I I stopped and took a video was 'cause I had a friend with me and was like, okay, there's two of us and there's people in this parking lot. So, you know, obviously we can make a scene if someone tries to take one of us. But if I was by myself, I probably would've gone back in the store and told or called you or something. 'cause that's weird. That's not normal. And so then me and my friend, we get in the car and we like, then we like later on looked at the footage like, you know, the camera footage. And it wasn't a sex trafficker, it wasn't a kidnapper. So who Was it? So It was like, it was just like a mom in the car next to me. I guess I left my lip balm on top of the car and she put it in the door handle for me.


Yeah. It was your own lip balm. Did you use it? That's what I said. Yeah. From the beginning. Did you use it? I said it was your own lip pump. I don't think I've used it since then. But no, I mean, in the video I watched her just grab it off the top of the car and put it on. You went back in and asked to look at the No, on the, the security footage on the Tesla. Oh yeah. Forget they don't have the Chevy. Katie, let's hear your sad TikTok. Let's say say goodbye to TikTok. Okay. TikTok has really been nothing but a burden in my life. And I just, I'm so happy To see it go. What the hell. I honestly Have been waiting for this day when my husband doesn't Me every day to make tiktoks.


Goodness. The truth comes out. I've hated tiktoks. It's the Day he made me start doing it when I was 15. There's no, it ruined my public school experience. This is horrible. I was a child bride, all because of TikTok. What did you do to her? A child bride. And I'm so happy that it's finally going. But I, Kate, I'm so sorry, Kate. Cut that part. Cut that. I'm so sorry. He put you This now what we talk about Kate, I'm so sorry he put you through this. I'm so sorry. And I just go follow me everywhere else. That was pretty good. That was, that was good. That was good. That was really Good.


Good job. That Was really good. I Just can't believe that the last four years are coming to an end. And the last year that we've all been together on this podcast has just been so fun. And I really hate to see it end like this, but I know that we're all gonna do great things in our life. Life And Harper. Even If we, even if we cry, you're Gonna cry. Even if we don't see each other that much after this. I know that. Not really. I can't take you seriously Like this Harper.


And I know Harper. Get me baby. Let's go. Did y'all see that drip? That's a bad drip. Look at that bag. I'd be dripping. So, good. Look. It could be, it could be so believable. Now look, look, look, look. It could be so believable with that drip. That drip came down. Look at this. Ready? But watch, watch. No, watch, watch. Yeah. I can't do it with them. Laughing. You guys, you're my tears are gonna dry out. My tears are literally gonna dry out. Continue. No, my tears. My tears are gonna dry out. I can't quit laughing. TikTok is getting banned and I know.


Wait, just, just make this, you know what? You know what? Fine. Just make this the intro of the podcast. Ready? What? Can we make it sound like the podcast is ending? Oh, podcast is not ending. Oh, that's definitely what I made it sound like in my speech. Oh Yeah. Right, right, right. I'm ready. I'm ready. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm Ready for food. I Harper you're not ready. Are you Guys, I hate to redo. Hold on. So apparently TikTok is getting banned. I never expected this because like, there's been so many, there's been so many things like, like fake calls about, or what's it called?


Redo Go. You go on anyways. What? The Oh, it was him. What? The shig. I don't understand. TikTok. Now what? Shma Like what is that? I don't understand. What Does laugh? What what? What are the words in English? Form? What? The Sigma Sigma. It's like Alpha Sigma. Oh. Like you're the alpha leader or like Uzma? No, I'm confused. I'm gonna be honest. I don, I don't really get it. Y'all Know Usma from, what's it called? Uzma Usma from Monsters University. Oh No. Usma Sigma Lord Far Quad.


Oh, USMA Sigma. That was their, that was their frat that Mike and Soli were in was Usma. It was Sigma Usma Sigma S Cameraman chicken and said yes. Usma Kappa or Usma Kappa. Usma Kappa. Usma Kappa. So Kappa Usma Kappa Sma Kappa. There's a guy on TikTok that like will pretend to be a frat boy. He is like frat boys at parties. And they'll be like, what's your frat? And he's like, USMA, Usma, USMA. Let's see. I'm gonna look it up. Hey Usma, I'm telling you, I feel like you're wrong. No Guys, I know my Monster's University. I'm excited to start. What's it called? College Uzma Kappa. But I'm not going to go To Uzma. I told you. Uzma Kappa Uzma Kappa Uzma Kappa bad. I feel like You said something different. No, I don't think so.


Yeah, You did. No, he's a gaslight. I told you I'm remember because a professional gaslight look at him trying to gaslight me. Kenzie, run, run. No, as far as You can. She just thinks, anytime you tell her that she's wrong, she's being gaslighted. She's terrified. I'm gonna watch this footage back and prove to myself that I said Usma the whole time. Usma Usma Kappa Kappa Ra. Hey, stop looking at my girl. Ca. Yeah. Cash. I'm over here. Why are you just star at my, I'm over here. I just like the T-shirt. You haven't looked at your wife one time? Well, I would but the staring Catch over here. Catch stop. Stop staring at her. I'm, I'm not staring. I just got so in my eye. You're actually scaring everyone on the couch. Just got something in my eye. Cash. Tell me how you really feel about me. I just have something in my eye guys.


Okay. And if I look the other way, the wind, the fan. It hurts my eyes. So I gotta I gotta stay looking this way. Oh really? Yep. Well stop it. I can't, I Can cash. Look over here. Nope, I can't look over there. I wish I could, but I Can catch over here. Look at your girl. Look at your wife. I, I really wish I could, but I can't. Oh, Hey. Hey baby. Hey. How's it going? Hey. Doing good. Gimme a kiss. No. Gimme a kiss on the lips. Gimme a kiss on the lips. I won't be doing that. No. Come on. Kiss my Lips. Come on. Gimme a little French kiss. Gimme a little kiss on the lips. Give a little French kiss. Yeah. Come on. Come on baby. Oh, come on baby. Oh, oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Ew.


Okay. We're playing two truths and a lie. Yeah. No. One truth And a lie. One truth and a lie. Yeah. And Kate, you're first. Okay. My one truth or lie outside is breathe A mission. Right. The dog goes to time out. Okay. My one truth and one lie. I sucked my thumb until I was 11 years old. Oh, that's definitely, that's highly embarrassing. That's highly true. And then my middle name is from my grandmother. Oh, shoot. Oh no. Oh shoot. Really? Y'all really think that one of those is they're very comparable. Oh, very. I'm gonna be honest, I'm married to you and I'm kind of confused.


What do you think? Honestly, I think the truth is you sucked your thumb till you're 11 and you the lie is Yeah. Your grandma name. Kate Marie Baker. Kate Marie. Yeah. My middle. I'm saying my middle name came from my grandma. Yeah. I'm going with the truth is a thumb sucker. You a thumb sucker. Wow. I can't believe y'all think that of me. Well ma, what's, what's the truth? What's lie? What do you think? I think there's two options, bud. You're a little sum thump, sum sucker. A thumb. A thumb. A thumb sucker. Alright, that's, that's all. Three thumb sucker. A Sum sucker. Well, I wanna hear what Kinzie thinks before I come in here. Sorry. Here. Aw, wait. Dog's still here? Yeah, dog's good.


Oh, you put the obedient collar on it. Hey, she don't get shocked. She just gets a little ring. That's Okay. That dog is crazy. I'm telling you, I look at it, it doesn't know how to act like a normal dog Here, Matt, you gotta do the jumps. You gotta show how high she can jump. Lay down. Yeah, lay down. She'll jump Out her frame. Don't think you have, have a toy. Oh, there you go. No shot. That dog stays out there for more than 10 seconds. Okay. Which one do you think is the truth and the lie? Okay. One, one of 'em was thumb sucker and the other one was She, she sucked her thumb till she was 11. Or her middle name is from her grandma. Oh, which one's true? Yeah. Your middle name is from your grandma is true. Wow. You're taking the other, all right.


What's the Truth? Yeah. Everyone else said I was a thumb sucker. Oh, What is it? I was, I Knew, I knew it. I Did suck my thumb until I was 11. I knew it. I knew she was a thumb sucker. Girl. Girl, You can just tell by the way her teeth grew in what the, You can just tell like what, Actually that is so true. Yeah. What? The alpha signal. My, My teeth were so messed up and like, I couldn't, like literally my parents tried everything to get me to stop sucking my thumb, but I just couldn't. And the only way I stopped was when I got braces. It was like uncomfortable. So that's when I finally stopped. Yeah. If you, if you suck your thumb long enough, your teeth, your teeth grow weird. Yeah. And My, my teeth were definitely growing weird. That's why I got braces. That explains you, bro. Were you a thumb Sucker? Oh, he had that braces so bad.


Yeah. For like 10 years he had 'em. Yeah. They were on me so long that, that they, they stained my teeth forever. Yeah. Well so is that 'cause you didn't brush your teeth? What did they stain. How did they Stain? Probably 'cause you didn't brush your teeth. Yeah. Yeah. Those, well, you know, I, We don't really know the cause, but when did you get 'em put on? Huh? Did you get Them put On 14 When I was, they were on for like five years. Yeah. Okay. I Had my braces on. For how much mom? I think they're mostly supposed to have on is like three. I had 'em on for a year and a half. Yeah. A year half. I had mine for two. Yeah. I had mine for like a year and a half. Like whatever. Yeah. The issue was I never wore my bands so. So you never get them on? I never got 'em off and I still never fixed my underbite because I didn't wear my bands enough. Did you have bands? Yes.


You did? Oh, And I have a overjet. An overjet. You mean an overbite? No, no, no. It's where my front two teeth go. Overjet. Yeah, it's an overbite. Yeah. That happens. Yeah. Today when he sell Blood front. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We get big, big deal. Big deal. Cash. Literally. I just think it's so funny. Can you reenact it? Yeah, please. So I'm sitting in the chair like this. Stand up when you do his part. I'm playing both parts. This is a, this is a one woman show. Right now I'm getting my arm poked and I'm looking at cash. Cash says You're out of frame for sure. Just pick it up, take it with you. Oh, You're right. How do I do that? No, just pick It. The whole state. How do you pick it up?


You just pick it up. I Can hear you from, I don't think You can be seen in frame right there. They can hear you from up there. You are really ruining the story here. You're just so bad at acting. It's Insane. No, that's not first. Okay. How about you Just, how about you just sit in the chair and do both parties? Well, Y just told me to, y'all just told me to stand up. But Now you outta frame. I'm pretty sure to just sit back down sweetheart. You're embarrassing yourself. Well, y'all should have been more clear on what you wanted. Yeah. Do that. So I was getting my arm poked and I'm looking at cash. And cash is like, you can't look at it. You can't look at it. And I was like, no, I'm gonna get dizzy 'cause I know I'm gonna get dizzy. I couldn't admit it. And he was like, you know, it's all in your head. Right. I was like, okay, whatever. And then guess who starts to get dizzy and nauseous when I'm getting my blood drawn.


Did He have to go get chicken tendee after? It wasn't me and it wasn't the doctor. Listen, listen. I didn't eat that morning. I had nothing on my stomach. I was getting weak. No. Oh, so what did, what Do you do? You did me chicken. When was like, he started kind of like breathing funny and moving funny and he was trying to keep himself moving. And I was like, what are you doing bro? Like, calm down. And then he started squatting down and I was like, stand up, what is your problem? And We both have a chair. Okay. You had a chair? I didn't have a chair. Well, you weren't getting your blood drawn. Yeah, nobody cared about me in the room. Blood. But you were, nothing was going on with you. Yes, but I was dizzy and nauseous. I just wanted to be known that I also just had, right before I got my blood drawn in the other room, I had a very like invasive little procedure.


They did. And I was in pain Invasive. How they went up her nose? Oh no, No. It wasn't my nose. No. What? It was another nose. Nose. What does, yeah, moving on. Okay. Yeah, Obviously cash. My, you know, we had the little thing and then I got a boyfriend, so we stopped talking and then he came back to town and we had our four hour hug and we did not kiss. But I mean I still, I don't know, I was just a teenage girl. Four hour hug is crazy. That's Crazy. And then like two months later, or like two weeks later, the boyfriend dumps me and I was like, yeah, Maybe. 'cause he figured out you were a shooter. I don't know. I Don't know if he ever Figured it out. Maybe he found out about your four hour hug. I Don't know. Maybe he, I he, maybe he did. I don't know if he did, but He's like, I know you've been hugging guys for four hours.


We became friends again like a couple years later. Like a couple years later in high school. We were friends again and like he never said anything. We were just like, I don't know, in the same class. But besides, So what's the best part? Best Part after I get heartbroken, but not really because I was like cash. So cash and I talk for a couple of weeks and I'm, it's right before my 14th birthday. I'm about to get my braces off. Kay. Cash has never seen me without my braces. Big mom, I'm so excited. I'd had braces like the last three years and I was like, oh, I'm getting my braces off. Like I'm gonna send him a picture and it's gonna be so exciting. A week before my 14th birthday and before I get my braces off, he stops answering me, Hey, to treat that girl a lesson. I've been, I've been plotting that.


You go boys. Ever since she ghosted me, I've been plotting. Yes sir. I was like, she gonna come back and when she comes back, I'm gonna ghost her. Yeah, go ahead. Give it to me. Math. Are you seriously? You go boy. Yeah. No, I say you go boy. Go boy was actually say you go, you go. Boy sad. Call me, say call me. I don I this call me. Go boy. Math. No, because say you go good boy. Nope. You don't want it. You don't really want that. Yeah, I don't really. I don I'm asking for it. And so we cash. I find out. It's just weird. You left Me. No, you didn't even, we were like, 'cause before Cash had Snapchat, we would Instagram dm. Yeah. I had Samsung and I didn't have Snapchat. And So, gosh.


And you, you call Alex. Yeah, you called me weird. Yeah. Yeah. At least I changed my ways early Snapchat. Yeah. And so we would Instagram dm and one day he just didn't open it and then he didn't open it for a whole day. And then it was three days and it was a week. And then Two weeks later he opens it And he did not answer me. And he was at his first VidCon and I was like, oh. And Then I was, he was already, he was already going on. I always in house parties with other girls. And then, and then this was real parties. This was in June. I remember this, I remember it. So I remember every little detail because this is literally like such a big part of my life. And June is when he stopped talking to me. Wow. And then I started high school and like we, he, we literally did not talk for months. Like once he, he ignored me. I was like, okay, I got the hint. And like we did not talk.


And then we rekindled our Love. He saw you without your braces. Yeah. November. In November we started talking again. And then December you came back and that was when we really were like on and off for like years and years until we Am I on and off. We were never dating. Like we never, we never Dated. We never dated. It was like we would talk and he was like, it was Like the talking stage in and out. Yeah. Except he kept trying to end the talking stage and Then, well, because I would talk to Kate and then I would leave Texas and then I'd see another girl and I'd be like, oh, I'm talking to this girl. And then, yeah, I Why Do you have a sleep? I was always, you guys, you wanna talk about me being A liar? Wait, why do you have a sleeping mess on? I, I didn't know. I forgot. I do it. He's tired. He just got here And I listen.


You wanna talk about me being a liar? He always told me, oh, I meant to bring this up to y'all. Actually, he always told me I can't have a girlfriend. Like I Can have a girlfriend. Maverick had a girlfriend. I didn't understand. And I would bring that up. I was like, cash. Why Can't you have girlfriend? Yeah. Every girl, every girl brought that up. You but your brother has your girlfriend. All these girls. I can't, I can't date 'em. And they're like, your brother's married. Your brother's married. And I'm like, but I can't have a girlfriend. Why your brother? Yeah, but why can't you? No. You wanna, I'm, I'm just kidding. I Say, you know what the stupid line cash told me. What? This is ridiculous. And I can't believe that even at the age of 14, I fully believed this. He said we signed a contract. We signed a contract saying that we would not get girlfriends.


I was like, what? I was like, dang. Like you guys signed a contract. Like that's legal. Like that's so real. First of all you said that. No. No. First of all, first of all, no, no. First of all, he said you like Vividly remember you going No, he Yeah. 'cause he broke the contract and it's ridiculous. I it's the contract. It is ridiculous. It's, it's, what did you do? Write it with Crayola. What Are you gonna take him to? Court? Court. It's called A lie Gaslighting. This is a lie. No, it was a lie. It's called gaslighting Gas lying. I'm a master of it. That's not something to Flex Kate. You do not remember that. You don't remember that? No. It was so, I I fully believed it. No, no. I was like, I don't Wanna be Actually that's crazy. On a real note, it is not called gas. I mean that would be gaslighting. But I never said that.


Yes you did. No, I certainly didn't. Yes, You must certainly did. No, I actually did never say that. It sounds like something you'd say yo was hand on my can. I did not say that. I promise you pretty sure you said that. No, I didn't. Look me in the Eye and tell me How would you know, how in the world would, you know? I said that. I just think you did. It just sounds something you said. Because I'm pretty sure you said that to me and I was like, we don't have a contract. I was like, you're not gonna side me. I don never signed you sold a contract. You can't have a girlfriend. I'm like, what contract? No, I, I never, ever, ever truthfully Look me in the eyes right now and fully I'm, I'm cross-eyed. You know, I can't look you in the eyes. Can you honestly say that? Huh?


Lying is a sin. So honestly, tell me that you did not Say that. Oh, I I did not say that. I I really fully believe I did not say that. I really don't think I said that. Really? Judge. Men Judgment men day will come my friend Harper. I have a question. If cash and I actually did break up, whose side are you taking Kate? What the really? Because he would take years. I would take Kate's. Aw, How about what? Why? No, no, no, no. The correct answer is to, you gotta say, well why'd you break up? Well the reason would be you called her fat. What the literally last episode, she called me fat. She knows stuff. All of y'all called me fat. Did not all y'all call me fat? No. Did the words Cash your fat come outta your Mouth? If y'all go watch the episode where I was the other episode where I was sitting on the trash can, they literally all said, you're a big boy, you're not even gonna fit in that trash can.


You're like the white Lizzo. I did not say that. These are all words that came outta their mouth. I did not say that. You said that. Lizzo already Said that. Rizzo's not that big. Like I just said, you are a six foot male. That's a fact. Ow You guys dunno what I saw on this out. It said when he first to women as females. And it was like supposed to say that. That's like rude females. What the heck? How is that rude? How would you like me to refer to you woman? Male. Male. No girl. Like if I said, Matt, you're the male here, go do something. But for some reason if I say you're the female, go like, how is that offensive? I don't understand. Yeah. Kate, would you like to elaborate on that? Sorry. Hey female.


Huh? Would you, would you like to elaborate on that? Elaborate on What? Do you feel like it's derogatory when we call you female or fat? Do you feel like either one of those two or woman? No. But do you feel like that's derogatory when you say female? Me personally, I just think everybody on the internet is looking for something new to get mad at. That's what I, this whole time about when I call you, when I refer to you as his wife, I just, I can't get mad at that. That's a fact. When I'm like your wife, I Mean, well normally it's what comes after that. Okay. Normally Matt says your wife and then he, and then it's the thing after that. That's a, you know what's Funny? I Think that like, oh, sorry. Sorry. You go. No, you're good. I just, I think that people that would get mad at that are the ones that are like, my identity is not my husband.


And it's like they get that And you're like, my identity is my husband. Yeah. No. That's what happened. That's what's Happening. That is not true. Yeah. I just don't feel a need to argue with every single person in the world. World. You're like, I try to be cash bigger. I dye my hair blonde. I I married him. I became a tip talker just like him and she wants to be me. That's okay. And I wear his clothes a lot now. Took 10% of his followers. Yeah. For real. I have A question. What are we gonna do? Because as y'all can tell, Kenzie's now been a reoccurring guest. Yay. But one day I would assume that she's gonna become a permanent person. Yeah. And I would be correct to assume that, right? We hope. Well, yeah. When you guys get married, are you gonna be on the podcast full time? Yeah. Do y'all want me to be here full time? Do y'all Want me to be here full time? Well, well wait.


Well, Does that mean she gets a percent? No, she don't get no cut. Yeah, You can be on full time. Wait, wait, wait. I don't get a cut, but my cut is would be going to you as well. Listen, so you don't want me to have a cut? I think if we allowed cash on who has a face made for radio, then we should allow What is so mean? That's a joke. It's a joke. A face Is made for radio. Im The face of this podcast Look. Can we make that the thumbnail? No, I just, I I was, I was thinking the wheels were turning. Oh, that's Never good. See, there's wheels in her head too, telling me they're everywhere.


No, I was just thinking if she is like a permanent host, which I want you to be. Oh, Thank you. Wait, wait. Let's vote her in. All right, everybody. Do we wanna be a member? Everybody in favor of everybody in favor of Kinzie being a permanent host Once they get married, raise your hand. Oh, Harper's not raising your hand, did I? And wait, You don't want her to be a you don't want another host? I did not feed it came in. No, I want her to be my friend, not a Host. She would be Harper. I'm I'm a host and a friend. Yeah. No, just a host. Wait, Matthew, you don't want your own wife to be a host? No, I do, but I also don't wanna be outnumbered on the podcast.


I know. That's, that's my main reason. That's, that's the main issue here. Three, three girls, two dudes right now it's 50 50 right now. We already get told what to do enough. Yeah. That's What people like though. Like I think our audience would rather watch three girls and two guys than three guys and two, two girls. I personally would never watch a podcast with three guys and only two girls. But I would watch a podcast with three girls and only two guys. Well, all right guys. Comment down below, comment down. Screw the iterate thing, comment down below. Comment down below. Keep Kenzie. Orban. Kenzie. Oh, oh babe. We should put a poll up on the channel. No, but I, I was getting that. Yes. Comment. Everyone right now comment. I'm low keep I Already know the outcome and my feelings are already hurt. There's Gonna be two comments, which everyone gets more likes.


We're gonna comment on this video. We're gonna comment. Oh, keep Kenzie. We're not keep, I don't think we're gonna remember that. I don't think. We'll, we probably won't. It's probably not there, but I say but everyone comment on below. Keep Kenzie or ban Kenzie. I was gonna say if we keep her, 'cause hopefully I like how we're talking about her, like she's not here. Oh yeah, I know. Maybe before we keep her we should, we should interview her for the job. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Yes, yes. But what were you gonna say Kate? I was gonna Say, I, by the time Maverick And Kenzie are married, we will either be in or almost be in our studio, but it's also not looking too promising. Listen, but once we get there, we there, we're trying, we're trying to get a studio because Can you do a little pan around little Panorama? So here, here's where we shoot our podcast.


Currently it's, it's, it's the upstairs of our house. I, We guess guessing we're in my bedroom right now. Yeah. Now's bedroom's behind us. Yeah, that's his bedroom. His door is actually covered up by wood. Yeah, he is. So I Wonder about the guest thing when they come into the house. Oh, I know. So we're trying to get, we're trying to get a studio to make this a little bit more professional. But unfortunately, you know, not many people are just selling filming studios. Yeah. Anyways, what I was gonna say though is once we get a studio, then we can kind of like take this set and you know, move it, but like maybe change it up and then we have to add a spot for Kenzie because that's really the guest spot. You know, like when we have a guest, like where does the guest sit now? How about I get my own chair and then the married couple gets their own chair. That's kind of, I feel Harper and I get a king, a throne.


Those King Thrones. No, I think Harper should get like a lifeguard tower instead of her. Yeah, it would make us all eye level. Yeah, that would be Funny. No, but that's what I said. I said they're on a couch where Justin Harper gets her own chair are just get what? I'm lifeguard level. I'm five foot Yo. That's crazy. Like every pool's a deep end for you, huh? Wow. Not really, actually, no, it's, I went over to her house, I said, do you have a deep end? And she said, yeah, that side. I was like, that doesn't look very deep. And I was like, she's, I'm like, you're sure that's a very a deep end? She goes, yeah. And I go, can I touch it? Like, no. I was like, can I touch it? She goes, oh yeah. I was like, what? I, it's not really a deep end then Pretty much.


I had gone to my doctor earlier this year and after talking with her, she was like, it may be that you guys have something. I don't even know what she told us. She pretty much was like, you guys need to go see a fertility specialist. And I was like, whoa, that's a lot. So I avoided making my fertility appointment for months and I didn't make it until finally I was like, okay, there's definitely something wrong with me. Like I need to go. So I made the appointment at the fertility doctor and I've been kind of posting on it about it a little bit. And so many people like, we'll post like, what is it, like Snapchats and stuff about like babies and people are like, this isn't funny.


You're joking about having kids when there are real people in this world who can't have kids. And like, I've never said anything, but like my doctor told me, she was like, yeah, you have something wrong. Like, we don't know if you'll be able to. So I was like, okay, I'll go. So I was posting about it and people were being quite rude, but it's okay, I forgive you guys. You guys didn't know, don't let Us do the haters. No, I was just, it was just kind like I could have said something, I could have told everyone like, this is what's happening, but I didn't. But pretty much we went and she was like, yeah, it sounds like you have, based off of what I told her, I was like, I have very irregular periods, like sometimes my cycles are 28 days long, sometimes they're 60, which is like not normal, like I'll miss like a whole period and stuff like that.


So I was, she was like, yeah, we're, we're gonna take get you tested. So that, and I've had like really bad acne, which you probably can't see now, but like it's pretty, it's it, I've never had acne in my life. So like when I started breaking out like crazy, probably like four or five months ago, I was like, what is happening? And then there was one more thing, I forget what she said, but she was like, you have all of the PCOS like symptoms. She was like, I'm gonna go ahead and say you have it and we're gonna test you for other things just to make sure there's not like an underlying thing that we miss. So pretty much PCOS, I don't even really fully understand it myself. I've only ever known like of other people having it, but it's pretty much a hormonal imbalance.


So like the reason I'm breaking out that I'm having such bad acne is because my hormone levels are like not balanced and that's why my periods are so irregular and stuff like that. So she was like, yeah, you have a higher testosterone than like the typical woman. And I, that's when Cass's like, well is it 'cause she lives with three guys? I was like, no, that's not how that works honey. Like my testosterone levels don't rise because of you guys, but.