
One of our teachers had gotten arrested in class. She had been Snapchatting a student. Inappropriate pictures. Ooh. We later found out that she was kissing him in her class during free Period. No, This Is true. This happened at high school too. I saw. And It was our volleyball coach. Was it? Oh, Wait, no, I know this one's true because it happened at Kate's school. Why does this keep happening? It happened at my school too. What high Watch can I talk about What happened this morning? Oh, I don't even know. Oh, I'm buckling up for this one. This is a sad story. I Can talk about it. Yeah, but oh, beware. Welcome back to The LOL Podcast. Recorded in front of a live studio audience.


See, because there's two of 'em. So that makes, what's that called? Double. Double. We need, we need to get them an applause sign. We're practically SNL An applause sign. Yes. Have you guys ever seen that? Yes. Like an, when things are recorded in front of a live studio audience, they have a sign that says applause. And they, I'm not kidding. Push the buttons went. I've been to multiple live show filmings like dealer No deal. Price is right. And like they always have those signs. And I, I, I don't know why, but I listen. Like signs turn on and it's like, and then they're like, no more applause. And they're like, and then they hold up a sign. They're like, oohs and ahs. You're like, oh, I think we should have that for the year. That way also, when we say a joke that's not funny, we can be like, laugh.


Everybody's like, Are you trying to look like Maverick or something? Why are you, what's your Head down? What the sorry about Are shopping recently? What the her hat says, sorry about my husband. About my husband. What the heck is that supposed to Be guys? I was just trying to be mysterious. I'm gonna get a hat that matches it and say put it on my husband's Tab. What? What the, Say it louder. No, I actually, I got this hat, it's funny, I don't wear hats, but this one really spoke volumes to me. So I purchased it on your credit card. And then I came home and Cash was looking at her credit card statement and he was like, why have you been spending so much money at Altered State? Yeah. This was, this is a true story. This happened this week. I said, why is so much money spent at Ultra State and five different transactions on five days?


Oh my gosh. Wait, did you figure out why your credit card bill was so high? No. I said, can't figure it out. We were looking at our credit card statement and he was literally like, Don't say, don't Say, oh, I'm not, I'm gonna say it was like double hours though. I was like, oh, congrat your freaking relations. I Was like, why is mine Kate's credit card? Bill, you everything. Do you be quiet? You be quiet. I was like, why is mine Kate's credit card Bill Double m McKinsey's? Because we live in the same house and kind of drive like the same cars and kind of do like everything. The same, the same. I would argue the only factor is I'm married to Kate. I'd argue me And Kenzie even have more hobbies. Like, yeah. So I don't know what's happening there, but there is one key factor that I'm coming to the conclusion of I Can, can I Can, I Can defend myself. Actually, first of all, maybe Maverick, What Maybe did you ever think about?


Maybe we're just more generous than you. I Knew she was gonna do that. She always donates. Oh. Oh, who? That looks like Hate does find a lot of gifts. Who donates on a credit card? No. That's what she blamed it on. I said, why do we spend so much money? She said, those are all donations. I'm like, I'm like donations to Altered State. What times? And she's like, Hey, It's a faith based company. I wanna support small donations To her sister buying gifts for her sister from Altered State. That's not a donation. Hey, I often, it's called a spending problem. I oftentimes pay for people's dinner. What? Like your own, that's like 50 bucks. I know. Like, I know like two weeks ago I bought Harper's dinner.


No, That's like $7. No, It was actually like 15 Six. You're eating. I told You, Hey, I know that IFM and Harper were at Chipotle. M would just be like, they'd be like together or separate. M would be like separate. Are you kidding me? Or he'd be like, Harper, you got this. No, that's not me. Not me. I bought Harper's Chipotle once when we went. That's crazy. No, Matt didn't. He used to go Buys like before him and I were dating and he was just in the friend group. If it was like three girls with them, he would buy all their meals. Oh Wow. Okay. That's just called, that's not called being, that's so bad. That's not donations. That's called being a player. That's Just like trying to impress the girls. I'll, I'll get all of them Then.


He is like checking his account to make sure it's not overdrawn afterwards. Like why is this not going through? Do y'all ever feel like a dog? Like when you don't shave your legs and you just like pet Yourself? I feel like a dog all the time. Yourself. I just got that dog in me. I mean like, no, but you know when you're wearing, You know when You're wearing shorts and you haven't shaved your legs and You can like feel the wind blowing through. Ooh. I mean like, I haven't gone That far. You're not shaving, but like, I Can see where you going? Oh, it's just me, my, my bed. I Disgust. Hey, for you to shave his legs. Y'all know. Fun fact. Maverick used to shave his legs. Oh, this Is true. I did. No, Please don't. You can stop Telling me stories. Dude. Dude. He'd wear like his like jeans, shorts that were like this short needs to shave his legs. I Mean, think about it. Homeboy was in the shower leg popped up being like, I hated, that's like when first started growing.


Think about that. I still hate it, but I've gotten more used. What age are we talking? It is like, it's so disturbing. Probably like Luke 17.


Okay. If you're still using complicated apps to send money, you're doing too much Cash. App makes it super simple. It's fast, easy to use and actually fun. You can customize your payment with emoji stickers and even backgrounds. Yes. I have paid someone back with the dinosaur emoji before and I don't regret it. All right. I started using Cash App to split many things. I've paid for dance lessons. I've, I've literally used Cash App for like a million things and honestly I haven't looked back. Setup takes less than a minute. It's super clean, super quick and way more fun than typing in someone's name five times just to pay them back. And the cool thing Cash app looks out for you. If anything seems weird or off about a payment, it'll give you a heads up before you send the money. That's an extra layer of security and we love that. Also, let's be real. There's just something nice about having one app that does what you need without all the extra steps. It just works. Now here's the part you don't want to miss. For a limited time only new Cash app users can use our exclusive code to earn some additional cash. For real, there's no cash. Just download Cash app and sign up. Use our exclusive referral code LOL pot of your profile and send $5 to a friend within 14 days and you'll get $10 dropped right into your account terms. Apply. That's money. That's Cash app. Let's go.


18. It's not, his Hairs are inflamed. Yeah, man. That's called a man leg. Not It is gross. You wanted your legs to look like the girls. Why? You want listen. Protect My peace and stop telling me these things about my husband. No, no I don't. I, I realized, I don't know how women shaved their legs because one that takes like an hour and a half. Two did though. Dude, I have just shaved my armpit hair man. And that why you Shave your armpit Hair. It was freaking too, but no, no, I don't shave it. Sorry. I trim it. Yeah. Can you smell my finger? I keep it trimmed 'cause if not, you know, I'd be sticking out of these sleeves right here. Just what crook smell my finger? No, I'm okay. Thank you. Why do You want wait, go like this Harper. Look, her finger is crooked. Oh wow. Oh, well think it we're pointing out her flaws. Wow. Sorry. Do you want us to smell it? Because it's the self tanner?


Honestly, I Bet this because Kate be wearing self tanner at night and that thing stinks. Smell it. That's dang. No, I don't wanna smell it. That's that's crazy. Cash comes into bed last night smelling like a freaking semi-truck. And then he asked the, Oh no, no. Don't say I smelled like a semi-truck. Okay. What? I just went through the car wash about 30 seconds before that. So car wash is the shower by the way. It's Okay. Sometimes I smell Like a car wash. No, I didn't smell like it's in my truck though. I literally just went and took a shower with soap and I come and sit in bed and she just insults me back because I sit down and I was like, man, you kind of smell again. And she's like, what? And I was like, it's your self tanner. And then she goes, I don't have any on.


I was like, oh, You wanna know why? Oh God. And I actually, oh that's, I've not gonna Actually cut this out of my life now because self tanner. No. Gosh no. Are you kidding me? Y'all dare me to self tanner half my body. Yes, yes. I'll do it. I'll Do it. I'll pull that ultra your face. Two. Two. I'll do it for 12 days in a row. Like 12 days at Christmas. No. Can I defend myself? I don't smell. I was trying to find non-toxic beauty products because my hormones are off balance and I read a lot of things that the body products you use will cause like hormone imbalances. So I switched to nontoxic. But the nontoxic ones, the body lotion I was using, it didn't smell too good.


And I was really sad and the deodorant didn't either. I was starting to smell weird from it, so I had to stop. So I guess I'll just forever be, I balance hormonally. My hormones are I balance too. Don't worry. Why don't y'all just find balance? I try. I try. But like I fall over too much. Just what? What? Yeah. No, unfortunately non-toxic beauty products were making me smell funky. So I went back to toxic beauty because it smells better. Listen, I'm just telling y'all, me and cash are, hormones are great and we don't put any makeup and we put your hormones are terrible. We put very little cleaner on our body. And it, it's good for you. I'm telling you. Yeah. You know, one time I even watched a TikTok and it said, no shampoo is good for you.


It's called No poo. What? What is the trend? And no, no poo. This is a real thing. It's called No Poo. And apparently if you go with no poo for about No, I'm being for real. No p I'm being dead serious. Stop laughing at me please. Now this is just seriously healthy hazard. Wait, actually, how long do you go without poo for? Because I am actually wondering because I go without poo for a while. I'm serious. Wait, which Poo are you talking about? This supposed to be health shampoo. A health thing. Shampoo. Not like the actual, not a joke. I don't, I can't go an hour without pooing. Oh, Okay. No, no. But seriously the no poo trend. If apparently if you go and do not wash your hair at all for like six months, you'll like, then you don't have to wash your hair ever.


No, No, it's true. No, not true. It'll cure Dan Drift. It'll cure everything. So yeah, I'm in the I in the the, I'm in the testing phase. You're in the no poo era. I'm in the trial era. How many days has it been? Huh? How many days has it been? 307. Listen, I'll be honest, I've seen a lot of of homeless people and I got a feeling their hair, their hair does not look like it's good. Why Are you laughing? Av I Have so many reasons to be laughing. But the first one is Just tell us the first reason. Well, first off earlier. Okay, third. Okay, I don. Cash is self tan is not gonna work. What? That's Not why you were laughing Half your body. We All know why you're Laughing. Well, you asked for the third reason and why were you laughing? Yeah. You did ask for the third reason, which was kind of odd.


I don't know why you asked for that one. Well, I, what's the first, I don't remember anymore. I answered all of them. No, but yourself Tanner, you really should do half your body. I am a little concerned how you're gonna get it exactly down the middle every night. That's Kate. He's not gonna do it. Dude, I've tried. You know how some girls are like, oh, it's self tan. I, my husband's gonna help Tam my back. Cash doesn't help me. I tried. I was like, one time, Kate, can you self tam my back? I can't reach. He was like, My sister usually helps me self tamper back. I'm Scared he is gonna get a streaky too. Ri same what? With my sister. What? She literally walks in and she like runs out 'cause I'm naked. I don't know why. No, I like, dunno why I'm that scary naked.


But Like, dude, why? Everyone does that to me too. I know. I, every time I walk outside like It's just weird. But wait, what? Outside? Okay, anyways, but yeah, my sister like, she streaks my back. And then when tickets are officially on sale For our world tour. Yeah. My Gosh. Oh, go get your tickets at The LOL Podcast net. Yes. You guys have to hurry before they sell. Yes. In the description. Get your ticket. Yeah, we're going on a world tour. She sees, nevermind. Yeah, I know what you're saying.


I have a random question. We were talking about hormone imbalance and this has absolutely nothing to do with this, but the word balance triggered my brain and I went down a rabbit hole. I have really good balance. Okay, Let's see it. Harper, since you're a flyer, did you ever practice on like corn cans? For sure. What? Do you know what I'm talking about? Wait, hold on. Like, like hands Kenzie. What in the hill? Billy gymnastics gymnasium. Did you go to I was training for cheer. Sit on corn. Today we're gonna a corn balance practicing. But You can Sweet cream corn. I need a can right now. No, we really don't Even need corn. We're gonna practice with the hydro jug. But I used to put my corn. You should Whoa, whoa, whoa. You should. It's gonna hold you. I don dunno if I stand on that rude.


Okay, those Can hold up semi-truck. Oh, well then you should actually you should be fine then. I might be a little worried shut. Sometimes I use green bean cans, so don't worry. It was not just corn on my hillbilly. Okay. But I would, I would stand up. Okay. This is not gonna all You better impress us. This Is too tall. It's not gonna Work too Tall. No, it should work Here. You can use me instead. What? No, no, no, no. Okay. What are you doing? Oh, that Might work. It's just not funny. That's Not anything like a can of corn. Okay. I Would definitely wait. I would've popped your Back. I'm still her Spine moving down. Okay. Just dies. But I Can Stand on the can of corns like this and like, I'm sorry.


Were you impressed with that live studio audience? Okay, but now you, oh good. Thank you. And there was no sign, dude, I realized just planked Again. What are the odds? I planked like twice. Dude. I saw some video on TikTok. I don't know, I forgot what it was now. But it was a picture of Kate laying down. It was mine, It was my video. I posted it, so, Oh yeah. It was you and Evan. Somebody commented. POV, Kate's planking. And all Kate was doing is laying down. It was like Kate's trying to plank right now. That video actually got banned off of TikTok. I think what I, I posted three videos that were very similar, but that one video where it was like very obvious Kate was face down on the ground, got banned from TikTok for it was like underage sexual content.


What? And I was like, what? I hate when that happens to me. Yeah. What, What? I get banned on TikTok all the time for Underage sexual content. No, not that. And I'm like, one time it did say I was too attractive. So they banned me. I was getting too many fault. Somebody did say Too many Shares. Somebody did comment on my video. You might get banned for being too pretty. Oh, Did you? No. Okay. Also, I do. Its like, but it could have happened. It could have happened. I mean, like, they gave me a warning. The wor The, there was like stuff in the air that was saying, It was saying like, I, that's What They Say these days. That's what they saying. Wait, so did you stand on anything? Stand On anything?


I mean like, I've stood on like business act. Yeah. I stood on Disney. But I do wanna like talk about how much fun the life shows are. Oh, Oh, well they're like a lot of fun. Oh right. You've done me off me that the last like two months. Harper has this thing she does where she goes, how about we do this? Oh, before, when she, and every time it throws me off, I'm like, are you gonna finish your sentence? Isn't That funny? But it's like, it is like the end of the sentence. Right? She just, instead of like a period, she goes, oh, oh. Instead of like a Period, I would like to go to the grocery store. Oh. I'm like, what? Wait, sorry. Did you have tomatoes else to say? Oh no. And oh, But right. No. Okay. Awesome. No, that's how I talk. It's like that one trick. Remember that? And Oh, and I oop, It kind of stresses me out sometimes When I, when I talk like that.


Yeah. Right? Oh yeah. It Stresses me out too sometimes. I'm like, oh no. It's just, that's how she's exploding. I'm gonna get acne from the stress. That's how me and my best friend talk to each other. And some people I don't think, don't really communicate. No, no. Some people adapt to it so easily. Like Harper, she adapted to it so easily. 'cause I was like, I was like, hi. You mean our live studio audience? Yes. Yeah. She, she, she adapted, she adapted to it so Well I was like, 'cause like I'm so weird when I come in and I'm so awkward that it's just like so painful to watch. So I'm like, it's, I know. Like, no, every time I see Harper and she hangs out with another girl, dude, they literally, I'm not even kidding. This is their conversation. Ready? I Okay. You be Harper, I'll be the other girl. So you like, oh, you're so fine.


You know, I was gonna say, oh, you're Missing a very important phrase. Okay. Well, right. Oh yeah. Right, right, right. Oh, no, no. For sure. Sure, sure. Right. Maybe the most important phrase. I feel like every other student, she's like, I'm just, I'm just gonna go. I'm I'm gonna go. Oh yeah. And Yeah, I'm just, okay. I feel like that's like how I talk now. You know? And I, and I'm gonna like, support myself through it. Yeah. When we're on stage on tour, that's all our, everybody's like, is the mic going out? What's, what's Happening? Okay. Be so honest. This is not funny. Like, I like when I do this, like, it is okay. Thank you. Like, like, okay. When I'm like, when I'm like, I'm gonna go.


Yeah. See, that stresses me out. If it's like an Awkward right now, If it's like an awkward situation and you're like trying to get out of it, but like, be funny. You're like, Yeah, but you just do it when anyone's like, Hey, so you want to drink? I'm like, yeah. It's like funny. I don dunno funny. I really thought it was funny. Does she wanna drink? I don know That's what I wanna do to the people at the live shows. But like, maybe they might get uncomfortable and like run away. I don Know they'll be uncomfortable. I promise. Wait, So you guys remember, I don Dunno why I fall asleep at night thinking about this. Right? When we did our live shows, we had like our little mic set, or at least the New York one. We had our mic set. Do you guys remember your number? Because I remember Nu Mine. I, yeah, I was one. I I was three.


I was think I Was five, I was two. I was four. Wow. About Everybody remembered it. Well, kind of did the Max Live Audience. Yeah. They just guessed. Yeah. Yeah. No, I kind of just went with it. Like I, you know, like, well, I'm gonna guess if you were one, I do think that would probably make Maverick two and I would be three. And you'd be four. Which would make you five. I was five. Which would make you four? You five. Thank you. I do remember clarification me four. 'cause four is my favorite number. I, I feel like now I'm like sentimentally attached to the number three microphone to take it from me. He's plotting it right now. What? No, I'm not ma I will rip it outta your pocket. What? The don't touch your pocket.


Oh, right. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. You Can do It like me make you feel more like Justin Bieber, man than I was about to say. I could see you in your era, right? Wait, I Can see. Wait. As soon as Ka put the microphone on the first time backstage, he was like, he literally put it on. He is like, dude, the microphones go like this. Whoa, whoa. I did that. And then it goes like this and it comes around and we stepped on stage. I was like, Jake, Yo, what's up New Say I, I remember looking at cash backstage and he like was putting on his microphone. And then he looked up and he went, let's do it. I did not say that. He said it to yourself.


That's so inspirational. You said it to nobody. You went, you went, let's go. He was like, let's do this thing. Looking at the, have y'all seen those videos where it's like POV when something happens in your life and you look at the invisible camera and it's like, thank you so much. And like, nothing's there. Yeah. Catch does break the fourth wall every once in a while and just look into like nothing and say something. I do talk to myself a lot, so I do too. Like, we're at, we're at volleyball and he's like looking over this way and he's just like, that's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking, I'm like, who talking to listen? I get it from my mom, dude. My mom, she still does it To this day. I Don say that every day. Mom, listen, sometimes I get it. My mom, I get her mom sometimes. Like the, the other day we were the, at my parents' house and she's in the kitchen, and I'm not kidding, I had never seen someone that talks to themselves so loudly.


She's in the kitchen and I think she's having a conversation with someone. She's like, yeah, I've seen him. And he just, and then, and then, and I'm like, mom, are you okay? And she's like, oh yeah. So I'm just talking to myself. I did what's happening. Ca does do that. He looks like he's summoning spirits or something. When he's planning a video, especially like you guys make fun of my twitch. I, We will be planning an intro and we're like, okay, so we're gonna say, today we're gonna be busting a hundred myths in 24 hours. And today, today. And Natasha will be like, I don I don't like it. I think it needs to be like, and he'll just walk around. He's like, Oh, I know, I know what you mean. He does do that. But it'll be like glitching. He'll be like, but sometimes when he's like Repeating himself, his eye like, starts going like He does, he does that. But then sometimes he'll like, stop.


He'll be like, today we're gonna, today We're, yeah. Sometimes he gets the hand motions and like, even the steps. He's like, and Like he like Does it today we're gonna, I We He's whispering. He's not saying it. He's like, today We're, no, I just go, today we're gonna be busting 100 Today. We're, that's today We're gonna be busting one today we're gonna be busting one. But look at his face. We're gonna be busting 100. Imagine. Imagine. You gotta say it in your head, man. Actually no. The other day he's upstairs doing a voiceover and I hear him talking and he's just sitting on the couch by himself and there's a mic right here. And he's just like, damn. And he like starts hitting himself. No, dude. He's talking to himself. I wanna pop up a voiceover.


If we can find it. We'll pop it up on camera. I just saw me doing a voiceover. So sometimes on videos we'll do a voiceover of the video. And I just saw one in real life without cutting the camera audio of me doing it. Dude, I'm not kidding. It looks like I was doing some magic stuff. That's what I said. You look at your summiting something. No, I, We gotta pop this up. I was like, what? 100. And I was like, what am I doing? And my eyes were closed. You're like preaching. I literally closed my eyes and I'm like, well, we need to make sure that we are. And I was like, what was that? You're So passionate about it. It's like you're preaching Like the, have you ever like cried into the mirror to yourself and then started laughing? 'cause how ugly you look like, you're like, what? And then you like look at yourself and you're like, Get it together.


Yeah, it's happened before. All right. I was just making sure. Just making Sure. Yeah. Like, you just wanna go. I'll go, I'll head out. That's what I do every time, like every time each podcast ends, I'm like, can I go now? She Levitates outta here quicker than anybody I've ever seen before. Quicker Than speed. Yeah. I Can levitate. No you can't. Please don't. Hart, please jump up. No. Okay. What the you What did he dar? It's already getting weird. She You're disgusting. What? Whoa. She was a Fair. He was levitating. Yeah. You guys like that. Look. Get a nice zoom in. Ready Dude. Put your socks on. Why? Why take your socks off in the first place.


Oh. Oh, that's icy. Wow. Everybody look. 3, 2, 1. Look, You know what's crazy? You actually didn't get me Somehow you, y'all Have to hit your necks. Hit your necks. Right? You Don't hit own neck. No. Yes you do. Okay, then I'll hit it for them. You have to hit your neck, dude. You know what? You know who you remind me of me. We've been watching. Well that too. What? We've been watching Queen Gambit. And you look like the girl off of there. No, she does Not. Are you kidding? Wait, first of all, why? 'cause she has red hair. Queen ga I mean, that could be the factor that I'm thinking of. What's Her name? I need to learn. I, you know, Queen's gambit. I surprisingly have Googled absolutely nothing about it.


And we're halfway through. Let's see, let's look her up for just Googling. Look up just the main character in Queen Gat main Character Queen's gamut. It's Damn gat. But she has blonde hair right now when she has red hair, But she has red hair. No, she still doesn't look like if Harper cuts her. She's a mouse that She's so pretty highly disturbing. She's a mouse. Honestly. No, she's so pretty. No, everyone's an animal. And she's a mouse. Right? She's very pretty. I she flattered that you'd say that about me. Yeah. Cass is definitely an alligator, Dude. What? I mean, usually it's like, I thought the option, I thought the options were mouse and turtle. I thought it was mouse, deer, rabbit and Rat. There is no mouse. Have y'all Heard that theory? No. It's rat and turtle. That's what it Is. No, it it, it's frog and rat.


Oh, that's what it is. Sorry. Yeah. It's frog and rat. Have you heard that theory where it's like one, you either look like a frog or a rat. Yeah. Cats looks like a frog. So cash looks like a frog. Kate looks like a rat. Like in a ni No, no, in a good way though. Kenzie looks like a frog. You look like a rat. Oh, I do. I look like a frog. I don't feel like any of these are good options. No, I mean, it's a good option no matter what you call me. I was like, Hey, why you gimme that one? I, I feel good being a rat. I don't really a frog. Is it because We have big eyes that were frog? No, I A frog skin. Your faces? Oh Yeah. It's like, yeah, it's like, do you have a point to your nose? Like, kind of like, or are you circle like a frog? I don't think I wanna be an animal. I think I wanna stay a girl. What? I don't wanna Be a ball. I mean, You can be a girl rat. That works. What? Rats are Girls?


Hey, we've been playing volleyball. Wait, Can I talk about what happened this morning? Yeah. It's, it's a tragedy actually. What Happened? I don't even know what that happened. I was at school. No, wait, what? Actually, I'm buckling up for this one. This is a sad story. Yeah, I Can talk about It. Yeah, but oh, beware. Oh My I know what you're talking about. Oh, this? No, no. This, this is bad. This is sad. Actually. I don't know if You want to hear it. I'm sitting, I'm sitting at our kitchen table eating breakfast and our kitchen table is right next to the back door. So I'm sitting there just eating my bacon, you know, and I look up and Stella's standing at the back door and our back door is glass. And so I Can see her and she looks like she's smiling.


But you know, like Stella has like floppy cheeks and her cheeks are like out to here and I'm, she looks like a Chipmunk. Yeah. I'm like, you're Like, I was like, what? I was like, did your dog touch a porcupine or something? Yeah. I was like, what? That Would've been better. I would love it. What? It would've Yeah, all was, what happened was the tragedy, she Looks like she's smiling is my first thought. And Maverick was like, no, she looks like she's fat. What's wrong with her face? What the heck? It's kind of like She just ate too much That one time Something bad happened to Stella and her face got saggy. But she's better now. Yeah, yeah. Wait, Wait, was that the time I was over? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember her face was like this. Wait, wait, finish the story. Oh, okay. So anyways, I see her, I'm like, what the heck? And so I open the door, I'm like, Stella, what is wrong with you?


And she just opens her mouth and she goes, but, and then she's like, like wagging her telles fat. And I look down, I'm like, what is that y'all? It was a baby ra? No, it was a baby rabbit. Like this big, it was so sad. And it was alive. It was like kicking this little feet. It was, she didn't, she didn't hurt it at all. She just picked it up in her mouth and brought it to us inside. Maybe she knew that the Rabbit needed help. Did you Help it? No. I think she definitely probably hurt the rabbit. Yeah, Because if you like No, she didn't hurt it. There was no puncture. Well, the only thing that would've hurt it, well the only thing that would've hurt it is whenever she opened her mouth and it hit the floor really hard. That might hurt. It Looks like she brought it to us as an offering. She's like, I have brought you gifts. Yeah. It really was Because she didn't Even wanna keep it.


She literally like said it at my feet and was like, I'm proud of myself mom. And I was like, oh no, you're a psychopath. No, it was more like she was at the door. She's like, Hmm, you're not gonna believe this. Come on son. She opened it. She was like, isn't that crazy? I found that thing Did rehabilitate though. Yeah, He found the little rabbit nest with the little rabbit fur. And he put it back there. So hopefully Wait, was there more rabbits? No. No. Was the only one. So I know she got all of them. No She didn't. Well she did. She did. When she first got here, she got all of them. Oh, those yeah. Yeah. When before Stella was here, we had like a bunch of rabbits in our yard and we didn't have honey either, so the rabbits lived like just in our backyard, peaceful lives.


They, they were so peaceful. And then Stella started annihilating the village. And so now they're somewhere Rabbit rabbits. Now, Now, now she now she was like a vi dude. Dude. She was, she was like, she was, what did she do? There was one morning she, or one night she came to the back door and you were like, Ella, what are you eating? She was like, Oh, it was a massacre. Yeah, it was. But that she didn't bring it to us that time. That time there was like a family of five all over the yard. Y'all Ever those biking movies, like those medieval movies where like No, like the, like the, the prince in them all like come into like a little village and they just start burning the entire village and you're like, oh, why you gotta do that? Yeah. Yeah. That was Stella with the rabbits. It was like, oh yeah, it was, there was one day and it was a spring. It was in a spring and all the baby bunnies, she had found multiple nests and there was just bodies all over the yard.


She was just like walking through it, his stomach like I did it. Man, this Is crucial. What's Google? It is so sad. We used to, we don't see very many rabbits. And unfortunately the, the baby rabbit that caught astray this morning just landed in the wrong yard. Oh Baby. Baby. A rabbit. I wonder, Do you think Honey would attack a rabbit if she had the chance? No. No. I think you could, could put Money. Well, actually I opened the door. Well, I didn't open the door. Somebody else opened the door to let the dogs out after that. And Stella went over there and I was like, Stella, no. And she like moved away and she was fine. She's doing her own thing and honey went right in there. It could be a good idea to teach her not to do that. Like Stella, I bet we could teach her not to kill the rabbits somehow. Right? I just don't like what if we, what if I dressed up in a, an Easter bunny outfit?


Yeah, I think that'll work Easter Do that. And I, and I I showed her something. What, what? Like, I don't know what, but like sorry. Showed Her you watch Cobra Kai for like one season? No. Like what if I dressed up in an Easter bunny outfit and I like put her in her place? Four, four. Messing with the little bunny. How are you gonna put her in her place? Whatcha gonna Speak her rabbit? Well, rabbit rabbit, unfortunately it might get physical. That's, that's all I'm saying. She got physical with the little baby bunny. And so it's time for her to, well, actually I guess I would be her own size, but I'll show how it feels like to pick on someone that's smaller than her. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then she pick on someone Your Own. Think about it. Think about it.


If you picked on a little baby bunny and then a six foot bunny comes at you, you ain't gonna mess with the little baby bunny no more. Okay. And y'all laughing, but I think it would work. I didn't even tell. I think Del might still take you out. What, what if it's an in endless cycle? Like you're like the six foot bunny, but then a 12 foot German short hair pointer For you. I Can just imagine Ella like jumps up and grabs the nose of the mascot and like flips around cash. Can't See. I don't worry. She like drags you over to the electric fence and makes you just steal. Why should You see me getting just absolutely mauled by Stella and all you guys is watching from inside the house, like, and laughing.


Don't worry. He's putting her in her place. He's being dragged across the yard by Stella. Like when I first met y'all, was that like awkward or something? Yeah. Right. No, you were so polite, right? I polite. You were so polite. You were like, hi, it's nice to meet you. And then after like the second time you were like s She was like, I wasm just gonna, I'm just gonna go, I'm just gonna go. Yeah. Next time we saw you. Like this is wag man. What This is wag meh. Yo, you guys see that video? Okay. No, no one saw that video. Okay. Do it again. After Steve, Kate gets, have you seen that video Steve Video was got killed this weekend. What? Oh really? Yeah, I did at the volleyball courts. Oh no.


What's She doing? The d what? Have you seen that one? No. What you doing? The, No. Okay. Well that was well cash. Would you like talking how you got almost killed at the volleyball court? I didn't get almost killed, but no, you could have been killed. You've Sleepy in your eye. Ew. I have what? Sleepy in your eye. What does That mean? Eyeballs. I mean, I crut huh? I mean I crust. I don't think he does. Is she trolling me? I don. Well, can you tell us how you almost died this weekend? I didn't. It's on your, I don Dunno what he's talking about. Oh, all right. Well, you don't think you could've died? Mav, can you explain why? Leave? I would've died. Why did leave? Why did you leave then? I, We got kicked out.


I thought you said it. Y'all told me earlier that you were like, yeah, we should probably get outta here. No, I got kicked out of volleyball because Sam screwed it all up for me minutes because one of 'em stole the cops bicycle. And so we all had to stop playing volleyball because one kid stole the cop's bicycle. Okay. Why would he steal a cop's bicycle? That's what I was saying. I was like, why did he, why You were the one who stole the bicycle? He said the craziest part is 'cause the boys, Okay. No, listen, this kid steals the cop's bicycle. And we're like, well that wasn't really smart of him. And then he starts running and the cops chasing him and we just continue. Wait, why was the cop on a bicycle? I don't know. But he, when he first drove by on the bicycle, there was like a little fight going on and he, this cop comes whipping in on this bicycle, and I'm not kidding, I'm not kidding.


He popped a wheelie over the curb and was like, shut. And all of us is like, hey. And then he comes back and he's chasing this kid and he don't got off the bicycle no more bicycle. And the kid's just running. And then we play volleyball for like five or 10 more minutes after that. And him and the kid come back running. They've been chasing each other for like 10 minutes. And finally the, the kid just gives up. He, he's like, puts his hands up and he falls on the ground like this. I would definitely do that. And He literally just gives up and he's like, okay. And the cops arrest him. He's like, why'd you take my bicycle? Wait, Wait, wait. They arrested him? Yeah. Well, I mean, you can't really steal the cop's bicycle. You can bicycle. Okay. Well you can get away with stealing another person's bicycle, but not a cops are.


You can, no, You don't. I don't think You can get away with, probably not either. But yeah, if you do it to a cop, it definitely becomes like 10 x worse. Like if you steal a car or you steal a cop car, then it's like, I feel like you're gonna get more in trouble. I feel so sometimes I feel so bad for cops. Like that kid just chased, chased the kid. The kid just took his bicycle for no reason. Just took his bicycle. Yeah. But actually I wouldn't feel bad. 'cause I was actually, I remember I leaned over to Alex and everyone, I was like, wouldn't it kind of be fun to be a cop? Like think he got, and then the other kid got tased unless cash. He, some officer, he's got a crazy kid. There was like a thousand kids at the, at the volleyball court. Like My age Or? Yeah, all high schoolers. And they're, and they're running around center. Oh, I, I'll go with y'all. I mean, what?


No, I, I was kidding. Keep Going. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And they're running around just the entire like, place going from one side of the park to the other and back to the other side. And there's like 20 cop cars there. And the cops are just chasing the kids. Well, cash, You say you would wanna be a cop, but you know, some, some police officers just get stationed at like the local high school and there's nothing exciting. Oh, That's, that's a cook. Like they're just, or the local middle School. Look, here's him getting arrested. I feel Like there's some pretty exciting things happening in high school. You're so right. Wait, where's his volleyball court? Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's the kid that stole the bike. No, you're so right. I actually saw this thing there. Look how many cops got called? That's insane. That's for one kid stealing a Bike. Oh no. There was like a thousand of 'em. I see. I'm not even kidding. There was probably one to 2000 kids. Okay. Probably was a lot. Bikes were there. Oh, it was probably just one bicycle that was stolen.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But the kids were, there was fights breaking. There Was a bunch of Fights happening and that's why the kid, that's why the cops showed up in Joe should have started with That. And after they said it lasted like an hour, the fighting lasted for like an hour and the cops like couldn't break it up. So they just made everyone leave. So cashing them had to leave. But I saw this thing, 'cause Kenzie and I were just talking. She said, I don't know, sometimes those cops at high schools have some pretty exciting jobs. I saw these people that were talking about like high school, like just like school confessions, like crazy things that they've done or had happened at their school. And I wanted to share them with y'all. Okay. Okay. I put, I curated a list of stories. That's the most Kate thing I've ever heard. So type A I did, I did type it out on a Word document. So Let's hear these stories.


Well, okay, you typed us out stories about High school kids getting in trouble. Well, I just, I saw like people like saying confessions and stuff, like things that have happened. Right, right. So I'm gonna, Yeah, I'm kidding. No. So, but some of these, some of these are true and some of these are false. And you guys have to try to guess. Oh, So I'm gonna share the first one. I like this game a lot. I like this suitcase. Okay, let's go. I'm gonna share the game. Okay. I like my suitcase. I Can, oh wait, I need my microphone. I'll be able to tell you so quick if this is fake or real. No, you won't. Wait, wait. Hold on. Explain the game to me. So It's like school confessions, like things that have happened at schools and stuff. And I put together a list of, it's like just random stories that I've, I've collected And, and we gotta guess if the story is real or fake.


Yeah. If it Actually Happened or not. Wait, did you make up the fake story or was it already made up in No, I made, I made up the fake stories. Okay. So which stories did Kate make up and which ones are real? Okay. All right. First one. I pooped my pants in the nurse's office. This is fake. That's happened to me before. No, no, no. Actually, actually I've heard of this. Okay, Continue. Continue. Kenzie, is there something you like to Say? I was sick at school, so I went to the nurse's office and I really had to poop. There was no bathroom and I pooped my pants. That's definitely true. That no, That's, that's, that's something Kate would write as a fake one. No, no. I feel like it has to be true. This isn't bad. That's Gotta be true. In, in seventh grade, I was in art class and I spilled paint all over myself. And so I had to go to the no paint.


Right. It, it was paint. Okay. I promise. And I had to go to the nurse's office and she had a whole bucket of clothes and I was like, why do you have these? And she was like, oh, you know, kids have accidents. And I was like, oh yeah. Like, like how Cash and mav, they weren potty trained until like, What? I think it was real. Wait, wait, what did she say? She said we were potty trained till 12. Do you think that story was okay? I was potty trained Yeah. At like 11. Okay. No, and it was 12 was just a rough period. Hours. The night hours were what got us. Okay. I was fully daytime potty trained by like eight day. We were good in the day. I was nighttime took a little longer for us. And you know, everyone grows at different rates. We're slow learners.


That's okay. And we're fine with that. Yeah. Do you guys think, and you know what? Every once in a while I have a mix up even now. Oh, sue me. Okay. Sue me. No, you're human. Yeah. Don't sue him. Yeah. For being human. So I think Kate's story is true. K Matt, if there's true, well, first of all, hold, I wanna touch back on Kenzie's story. I understand kids, you know, you know, pooped their pants, but that many kids have a whole big No, it was abin full. Yeah. I mean, 'cause you would think at the end of the day she'd have empty, get out that it wouldn't like stay there for weeks. Like, you know, the poopy pants? No, no. These are clean clothes. No. Yeah. What clean Clothes. She had a bin of clean clothes.


So in kids, she's not gonna keep Poop pants. Yeah. Okay. See, I was mixed up in the story. I thought that was like all the, the, the Bad clothes, The discard clothes. You No, you throw those things away. Why are you kidding? No, that makes a lot more sense. I'm glad we clarified. Yeah. It smells so bad in The office. That's what I was thinking. Right. So You can just go Right. I'll just, I'll just guess now. I'll just say my guess. It's fake. Fake. Real Fake. I think it's real. You're doing the thing again. Fake. I'm just gonna go, go. I think It's real. You know, you're like, what's that? Fix it, Felix. No, No, No, no. How fix it. Felix moves. That's how you talk. Okay. A little side note. The reason I do it is 'cause it like reminds me of some of those jocks in high schools where they're like, and like they put their tongue to the side of their mouth and they're Like, like in movies.


Oh. And they just talk like that? Yeah. I don't see the correlation between the what you're doing right here And what You think it's Right. Okay. Do you guys want the Answer? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's they like? Put their phone on the back of the wall like this. Wait. Okay. So real, real fake and have like A tooth big in their mouth. Okay. Yeah. Everyone thinks it's real besides me. Okay. That story is true. It happened to me. Told what? Oh my God. Did you say an age? I thought that story sounded somewhat familiar. Wait, did you say an age? There's no way that happened to you. Yeah. How old? What The age is this? 11. What? You're 11. She's 11. I got, I was So sick.


Is 11 told I That's So embarrassed. Last time my poop pants Was Sick. I was so sick. And I like knew I was sick that morning, man. But I still went to school. Ooh. And then after like two classes, I was like, I gotta go home. So I went to the nurse's office and like, I didn't know if there was a bathroom in there or not. And so I ended up pooping my pants. I'll be honest. Has this happened to anyone else in school? No. No. No. If I, so if you're, if I was in class right? All of a sudden I was like, I Gotta Go. Dang it. Oh, I got, I wasn't Your class. I'm not gonna go. I was Nurse's office. It was appropriate. I should go to the nurse's office. I would go to the bathroom. No, I, I wasn't like, I was like, my stomach just really hurts. Like, I'm sick. I just need to go home. And while I was waiting to get picked up in the nurse's office.


Wait, So you were like this, you really Sick? No, I Was like walking around. No, look, just I'm really sick. Mised. Oh my goodness. She was, she said, you're fine. Go back to class. And you were like, no, I'm really sick. See how sick I'm you Booby my bam. No. Sick In in sixth grade's. Highly unfortunate. I Hey now you're doing it right now. Yes. Honestly, my favorite videos on TikTok dude are always the, like two year olds when they poop their pants and they're standing there looking at the camera and they're like, I know. And they're like, they're like, and then after they're done, they're like, okay. They just walk off In sixth grade in science class.


Dramatizing i's so mad at my 2-year-old dude. She's like, stop it. What are you doing In sixth grade in my science class, my science teacher was pregnant. And so she was just like, Sorry. She, I I'm sorry, I'm still laughing at the You gotta wait to talk until people are done laughing. Okay. Continue. Okay, we're done. Just don't imagine to the 2-year-old stupid. Okay, we're done looking at the camera like this? Yeah. Okay. All right. Right. We're alright. All right. Are Are you good now? Yeah. That's the two yearold walks in you. I lose it. And They like stand at the camera and They're like, Alright, we're done.


We're done. ASHA's gonna teach his children to do. I Mean, unless they come in right now, I don't know, it could be funny. Right. Okay. In sixth grade in my science class, my teacher was pregnant, so she was like extra hormonal and moody. Right. And so anytime anybody asked her, like a simple question, if she'd had a rough day, she would lose her mind. Okay. And it's the last period of the day. So we're about to go home and this girl, I won't say her name 'cause poor girl. You can say it. No, probably not. Not, oh, right. All Right. No, call her out. No, I'm joking. I'm Drunk. No, it's fine. Anyways, this girl, she's sitting right in front of me and we're in rows. And I guess the building is like slightly tilted. That's gonna come in handy later in the story. But the, she asked the teacher, she's like, can I go to the restroom?


Teacher loses her mind. She's like, I'm sick of y'all asking you to go to the restroom. I'm pregnant and I haven't gone to the restroom in three hours. And like starts bawling her eyes out. Okay. Oh my gosh. And in the meantime she's like, no, you can't go to the restroom. Like, stop asking questions. And so the girl's sitting there and like, she's like shaking her desk and stuff. And I was like, are you okay? She's like, I'm not okay. I'm not okay. I have to go to the bathroom. I'm like, just leave. And she's like, I'm gonna get in trouble. I can't go to ISS Again. What I know. And I was like, oh my gosh, this girl's losing her mind. Like, not even I kid you not like a minute, 60 seconds later. No, you just see like liquid coming down the floor. And because the building was like slightly tilted. Oh my God. My bags and stuff were sitting here. Oh my God.


All over my bags. Oh, at home. Poor girl. She shoulda left when I told, I told sad because I was like in insert name and she was like, and then she ran outta the class. But then everyone saw her pants were like soaking wet and there was liquid all over the floor. She ran out a little too late. Although, yeah, it was bad timing. Oh my God. I'm just, You know, I was in the office, So it was fine. Sixth grade, Six. Ooh. I feel like the teacher could get in trouble for that. I feel like the kids should have just went up and left. No, you can't. You can't. When when you 11 and you think the teacher is that much power over you. Oh, I Still think that they do. Yeah. No, I'm sorry, Harper. If your teacher said, no, you cannot use the bathroom and you had to use it that bad, would you not just get up and go, I Can't No.


You, I physically Are y'all chained down in school? School Kids don't. In prison, they'll, They'll write you up and like, because the Teacher'll get trouble, think you Have to go to the bathroom, they'll give you a referral. Okay, get me in trouble. I have to use the bathroom. Okay. And then what? I'm like, and then I'm like, okay, then so then, And then if it was that serious, I'd go use the bathroom on her desk. I was gonna say's fine. I don. Honestly, if you have to go that bad, you need to just be like, listen, I'm gonna go right here and You can clean it up. Or I Can go to the bathroom's, up to you, man to you. Whatever you wanna do. Whichever one. Yeah. Because The teachers are always are like, this is such a burden. And I'm like, can I use the restroom? And they're like, they Act like it's the most absurd question ever. They're like, Oh my God. It's probably because some kids like, take advantage And they just don't play around the bathroom.


Like, why did they care that much? If I was a teacher, I really wouldn't even care. Yeah. Okay. I, I mean, oh yeah. Okay. The next one. Yeah. You, you wanna play around the bathroom? Go ahead. Okay. Are you ready for the next one? As long as you probably passed high school, you'd be, I, I will clarify. These next ones are not my story. Just the first one. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's what we'll say. Okay. Okay. All I peed in a mop bucket. Why do they all involve? Okay. What? That's just what happened. You know, I had been in class and I really needed to pee, so I left class and started. I was gonna move it down so you're not blocking your face. Oh, Right. I thought you were trying to cheat? No. What the, okay. So I left class and started walking to the bathroom.


When I realized I wasn't going to make it, I was right next to the janitor's closet that was halfway open, and I used the mop bucket to avoid peeing my pants. True. False. I mean, that's essentially what meme have just said. We do. But I feel like it's false. No, that's, I feel like you would run to the restroom. Yeah. You'd run to the restroom. You're mind focused on one thing, restroom. You're not thinking like janor slim hot. Listen, when it comes to having to use the bathroom, you're either gonna make it to the bathroom and use it, or you're not making it. You're not making it. No. You, you, you're not stopping Midway to be like, I guess halfway point, I guess the mop bucket. No, I think, I think a boy would definitely do that. I a hundred Percent Justin Bieber did. We were At a gas station the other day. Remember that? Yeah. He peed in a M bucket. What? Justin Bieber when he was like 17, a viral clip of him.


He's like in some like restaurant or something. He just went over to a mop bucket and started peeing it. He's So, oh my funny. What the heck? I'm so in love with him. I mean, wait, what? Okay. He's married. I know. I just was thinking. Yeah. Whoa. Thinking what? Abigail what are you saying? Oh, You can do that. Yeah. I, We can just set Down. I don thank, she's just like, gotta go, you know? She's gotta Wait. What were you saying, Abigail? No, that's, there's Come share. Come share. No. Where's she going? Why is she down? Like, she camera? She was like, I'm just gonna leave him right here. Yeah. Di over there. I I, I'm not a part of them. I was like, what are you saying? Dude? I can't believe some people are like, like I would be so nervous to be on camera sometimes, Kate.


Well, do you have any that don't involve well, using the restroom? Well, first of all, that one was actually true. That was a real story to somebody. Was it the Justin Bieber? No. It, it was just on, it was just A story. It had to have been a boy. Okay. All right. Yeah. No girl can just squat down. Okay. Mop. I had take, I took a test for my twin sister. She had a makeup test schedule and asked me to go take it for her. We're identical, so I knew we could, could Get away with it. Whoa. It whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I just wanna preface something. If you are at one of our live shows, you have to use the bathroom. Please do not use mop bucket. Please. Just make it the use it in your seat. You're not allowed to use the bathroom. You also don't have to ask for permission. Mid show. Actually, I would like if they did. I think that'd be funny if somebody, You just have them raise their, If somebody's just racing their hand the entire time, the honest, I would love that.


What? Y'all are gonna have Everybody doing that now? Nobody's, nobody. We, we won't, unfortunately. It's still, wow. You can use the restroom. Just, yes. Can I use the restroom? No, just, just, no. Just why do you like find goat, but be quick. Exactly what they do. Why do you do the hurry about Go hurry. Know Tom ery. It's so funny. Okay. Yeah. No, don't use the mop Button. Okay. Can you say your story with more enthusiasm and slowness? Yes. I took a test for my twin sister. She had a makeup test scheduled and asked me to go take it for her. Where? Identical Makeup test. Makeup? Yeah. She failed a test, so she had to go like, take it. Oh, I thought, I thought it was a makeup. Okay. We identical. So I knew that we could get away with it, but that morning she had made me mad, so I purposely failed the test.


She deserved it completely. TBH. Oh. Oh, that's so real. I'm gonna say false. No matter how mad you are at your sister, you don't do that. That's Crazy. That's bull. I failed test if I could for having, even just for the hobby of it. Oh man. The hobby of it. If cash Cash asked me to take the test for him and I was mad at him, I mean, there's like no, I, oh, I mean, no, I mean, not even mad at you. Not even trying. I mean, just for fun. Like, if I was taking his test and I'm gonna give him an F and he gets an F, he's like, gotcha. I mean that's, that's funny. I think that's true. But for the sake that the last two have been true, I'm gonna say it's fake. I'm gonna say it's true. It's real. It's gotta be real. There's no way. It's three reels in a row. She wouldn't Caitlyn do that. It's real. It's fake.


I'm Gonna say false. What is it? It is false. Ah. See, I told you Kate would not put through. Well, just so you know, I am just reading these in a random order. Yeah. Well, 'cause I have a list And I don't know how many of y'all are wanting, so I'm just trying to, don't Matter. I guess it. Correct. Okay. All right. And Here we go. Oh, I manipulated my teacher into giving me a better grade. I knew I was going to fail my class and I had to retake. I would have to retake it the next year. I had a 68 and I needed a 70 to pass. I went to my teacher after class and cried about everything that was wrong in my life, resulting in my poor grade. She felt bad about it and gave me an extra two points to pass the class. I feel bad for manipulating her, but I needed to pass the class so badly. Is this your story? Yes. That's what I was gonna say. If this one is fake or really whatever it is, it is inspired by Kate.


'cause you did that. I did not. You did. She did something similar. Didn't Yes. You did with your one teacher. No, I did not. You definitely did. Yes you did. Remember you said she felt bad that I was crying over you. So she like, let me pass. Yeah. But that Was me manipulating her. That was me just genuinely being traumatized by That. That was the literally the exact story you just read. Yeah. This, this is a true story. Okay. It is a true story, but it's not my story. Yes, it is. It is your story. Whether you like it or not. It's not my Story. Rather, the one you were reading was your story that also happened to You. Somebody asked the story. I did not go ask my teacher to pass me. Are you Sure? Yeah. But she did it anyway. She Did because she, she knew that I had already, I would have to retake the class the next year. But that was, that's crazy that y'all thought that was me. It was not my story. No, no. We know it was you. Whatever Isn't A thing we Know.


Okay. Whatever. Like, You know, we know so we Know. So you got, you gotta go Right. Okay. Sorry. I was, I was trying to read. No, you're fine. Don't worry about it. Okay. I sprained my ankle and dragged out the injury because I liked the guy that was helping me get from class to class. Oh, okay. Now here's the little explanation. I would definitely say I had sprained my ankle and was on crutches. I went to a small school and they had assigned someone to help me get from class to class. He was a football player that I thought was so cute and I enjoyed, What does he like this toothpick in the mouth go. And I enjoyed getting to walk with him. So I dragged the injury out an extra two weeks to get to spend time with him.


A few months later, I found out that he had said he hated that he had to help me because he thought I was annoying. Oh. I'll be honest. This sounds like Kate's writing. What the, he does it sounds like another story inspired by Kate. Dude, it sounds fake. It sounds like a fiction novel. Yeah, it sounds, it sounds That actually sounds exactly like, like a, like a high school romance book book. Oh my God. I, which Kate reads. So I'm gonna say that's fake. Wow. I forgot to tell you something. It was true. True. What? Yeah. Well, what I was gonna say was my friend sent me a video of your ex in school. He, he was like, yo, this is Kate Baker's ex. And then he was like, yo, what's up Harper? If if, Do you wanna say hi to Him?


Do you know that? I'm like, I've been outta high school for like I know. I think they might have been lying to you. You went, You went the prom with him. I didn't Go to prom. What? I didn't go to homecoming or prom. So there's no confusion There, Harper? No. There's Something Offers realizing she's been like, Somebody lied to you Pro. I saw a photo. Was it like AI or something? 'cause I swear that was you. I'll have to check it. That is wow. Somebody got you. No, it was probably some like 17-year-old too. That was like, yeah, I went to, I went to prom with her. It's like funny. You were like five when I was in high school. No, it's true. I was on the phone with my sister today and she teaches eighth grade.


That Is, see, lemme see. Lemme see. That is Kate. What is it? Lemme see. Isn't my eighth grade formal? I think, yeah. Okay. It was, oh yeah, that's her phone. Wait, lemme see What the frick. Wait. You were with Him? No, I wasn't with him. My friend was with him. If you look in the, am I on the right video? Oh, wrong one. No, that's the at Taco Bell. Dude. Why is that still on his phone? That's insane. Crazy work. Honestly. Wait, was He on Snapchat? Wait, Why is that kid hanging out with Y'all? Yeah. Wait, is that guy hanging out With you? I I, oh, I wish I knew why he was hanging out with. It was someone's Facebook. That's insane. What are you going through her photos? Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm just looking at the picture.


Wait, who said that to you? That's crazy. You're Still talking to that guy? No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh wow. We lost. Wow. He we're friends. We're friends. We can be friends. Really friends. Fun friends. That's Crazy fun. What's Fun? We don't be fun friends. That's why friend's allowed, Right? I just, he, yeah, you Should go. I I'll head out right now. I mean you want me to? No, but actually he, I don't know why he was hanging out with him, but he was like, yo, this is Kate's ex get a load. And I was like, hi. He said what? He said, get a load, Get a alone. Get load. I was like, get a load of this guy. That's crazy. Anyways, Get a load of This guy. I was like, hi.


Not anymore at all. But like way, way, way, way back in the day. That picture kind of looked like cash. So you had a Tie. Thank you. Oh my gosh. I looked like Kate's 13-year-old ex. Yeah. You were a good backup. Honestly. A 13-year-old boy Kenzie. Appreciate that. I know. I meant like your old, old cash looks like 13-year-old me. Stop talking like, Okay, whatever. Whatever. Just don't Say anything else. Are You ready? Alright. Last One. The last one. I mean, I put you put some time into this. Okay. Okay. We can keep going. No, it's Fine. I'm here. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. No read all. Well he'll just go. No, read all about it.


Come give us A super crazy one. Well, I have a crazy story from high school. Okay. Okay. Y'all tell me if this is real or not. You just said it's from High school. Sounds like it's real. Yeah, it really sounds like it's real. It's real. I'm gonna go real. I have a good story for y'all to hear. Y'all tell me if it's real or not. A crazy story from my childhood that actually happened. You guys can tell me if it's real. I know. I Smiling. She there. She was like, It's kind of a sad story actually. Oh. And just slightly inappropriate but not, not too inappropriate. Okay. So this teacher had a heart attack in the middle of the hallway while we were transitioning classes.


Well that's not Very like l It's not very So you guys took the opportunity, hold on. Wait. Did you guys take the opportunity to finally use the restroom? It was time to transition class, so yes. Yeah. Oh, Okay. But anyways, so I don think she got the joke but I understood and the medics had to come because I mean 'cause she had a heart Attack because she had a heart attack. So she's just laying there on the floor and they had to take out those little things and everyone's just standing around like So she died? No, she didn't die. Okay. She didn't die but her heart stopped. Yeah. I mean if you get in shock with that thing, you practically dead. I always say you're dead. Yeah. It was so sad brain. But everyone had to stand around. They didn't have to. I don't know why the principals did not like make everyone leave, but everyone like watched her like get electrocuted.


Yeah. And it was really embarrassing for her probably. And everyone was like taking, wait, Did I ever, It was in high school. I was a that so scary. Sometimes I wonder if those things work or if those are just like, let's see if it works. Hey, like can we try one on you on the po? Because sometimes my theory it also would kill you. No, true. I know they're supposed to bring you back to life. No, it's like a jumpstart. Think about a car you commit double life. When I see the movies, the person jumps off the ground. Yeah. Lemme hit you with it. One, Did you know pe people with smelling salts, you know those smelling salts that people like crank people with? Yeah. Those are supposed to bring you back to life too. That's how strong they are. So when somebody smells them and like, Are those the things that people like guys do before they lift weights?


They're like, Yeah. Yeah. Those things. Oh, that's pretty. No, but no, like some people crazy. No, You never seen smelling salts And they're, they're like, it's Just be supposed to be like the horrible smelling, strongest smelling thing ever. And like You're, you like pretty in public and you're like, you're like, yo, can you smell my new cologne that I made? Or perfume? And then they do it and they're like, oh, Like hurts your head. They're like, can you smell my cologne Tony, if you like it. It's like, I think, I think funny. So guys do it when they're, I don't know this actually, I think they do it though when they're lifting weights to like breathe more, to get more oxygen to you so you can lift more weight. That's my theory. Oh. But yeah, No. Yeah. I don't think smelling anything. You wait. So is that in your story? It was just like an embarrassing story For the teacher. Confused by story. Someone died in the hallway.


Well no She didn't die. She still cute? No, everyone was just around her taking pictures. But like what? The slightly inappropriate part, which I don't know why they didn't like make everyone go to class. It's so sad. The slightly inappropriate part is like, to use those things, it has to be on skin. And so they had to lift her shirt up. So all the kids around her was like, Aw. And like she ended up being okay and she had to teach the next semester. So it was really Embarrassing for her. Right. Aw, that's so sad. I at least her, the kids got to like see her stomach. What? Well, there is that. So Kate, can you read your other story? I mean honestly her fault. She shouldn't die like that. Okay. Wait, I have Another story that's funnier. It involved her dying again. Would love to hear It involves yes but not a teacher.


What? Why people be dying at your school. She's like dead rabbit. Dead lady in the hallway. No, this is, this is not a dead human. Dead naked lady. So in, in volleyball, How does this involve anything besides a human? You what, how hard do you and volleyball this ostrich ran across. If we killed it, man. No. Who would've saw that coming? Volleyball season is the same time as football season. And in Livingston, wherever we traveled for volleyball that year, the football team was also in the same town. So as soon as our volleyball games were over, we'd have to go to the football games to support them. And as soon as the football game was over, we would like follow each other back to Livingston.


And this one game was like two hours away. And so it's probably 12 o'clock at night, maybe one in the morning. And when you're on a school bus, you like sit in your bus and you like fall asleep. Right? We're laying there like asleep. It's like one in the morning and all of a sudden our coach like slams on the brake and our bodies just fall into the neck. Everyone's like in the floor of the bus. Oh my God. I have a, I Have a story after, you know what, what I'm talking about where you just fall off, you're like, oh, prick. But anyway, so we like get slammed into like the floor and stuff and everyone's like, what's going on? What's happening? The football bus was in front of us and they had slammed on their brakes. And so our coach gets out and goes up there and the football team was like 10 minutes in front of us.


So we slammed on our brakes 'cause they were already stopped. And our coach goes out there and it's like, what's going on? The football coaches are like pulling this dead cow off the road hand The cow. 'cause that's so who would've saw that coming? Wow. No, that's so funny. Like poor cow. But it's funny because like, just imagine being on the bus for school and then you like run into a cow. Right. Okay. I had this like, so funny really fast story was Just like, move I, We cow cow's dead ground. Me. No, I was, I literally remember in like kindergarten, there's this guy named Sid. He lives like a minute away from me.


He's probably not watching this, but I remember he literally was standing up on the bus and, and, and like he had his backpack on and basically he was like standing up on the bus and the people slammed on the brakes and he did a frontward roll outta the bus. Oh my God. Like he was literally Yeah. Yeah. She was like smiling and he went and like fell forward and Okay. Yeah. Oh, I Another, I was waiting for the cow to come in. Right. I know. No cow. I thought cow. There was no cow. Okay. No, there was no cow, no dead person. But like he was, I remember everybody was like, oh. And he like cracked his head. You can fly on, On bus. He cracked his head open. Yeah. 'cause he, they, they stopped and he, he like, he like stood there for a second and went, Dude, when people say that phrase crack, like that person cracked their head open.


No shit cracked. No, no one ever did it. Every time somebody says that, I see the first song, their head crack. I cracked chin open. See that's just not well Was split open. I haven't bus story Unless y'all sick of my No, I Rack your head open. I feel like the skull must be cracked. Yeah. You know what I'm saying man. Oh, I have a more I Story. I have my more true or false If y'all wanna know. I hear it. One more bus Story if you want to Hear it. Sure. Okay. Okay. I'll tell Story. Okay. So it's softball season to set the scene. And I'm Kenzie. It's always the season. I am, I'm 17 years old and zero responsibility do I have. So I forget my softball pants at home and we're like maybe 30 minutes in front of my parents who are coming to the game.


Are y'all bored yet? No. Yeah. Oh no, no. You're supposed to act like interested. Oh Yeah. Yeah. We're really, this is a funny story. What happened to the softball pants? And our coach was like, not crazy, but kind of crazy. And she was gonna punish us for me not having my pants. What? The whole team? Yeah, The whole team. Are you kidding me? That's what they all do. Yeah. One kid forgets their pants. The whole team runs hills and stuff. That too. It's like the Navy seals. I heard they do that there too. So my Mom never forget your pants and the seals. So my mom being a Real one Pedal to the metal, she's going 90 miles an hour to catch up with our school Bus. Aw Jenny. That's a bit quick. Well She had to, yeah. For our Jenny Is 90 miles an hour by the school bus kids.


You take the pants. No. Yes. Okay. And so I lean my body out Out the window. They just mix it in a cow. My body is like halfway out the window, which is so not good. And my friend is holding my ankles inside the bus so I don't fall out and die. Your friend Is holding your kinkle down the highway? Going Down the highway. Yes. What about the bus driver looking out the window? She wasn't, she was looking straight and our coach was asleep so it was fine. And my dad's driving and my mom's in the passenger seat out the window and me and my mom do a little exchange with the softball. I Like that. It's like a whole nother world worldy experience right when you're outside of the window. That's way better than Sid flying down the aisle. Yeah.


That's crazy. That's Like movie. Okay, I'm done with My boring stories. Y'all can continue. You didn't even gotta be Sid man. It made it so much funnier. Like It was Jack flying down the aisle Wouldn't be funny, but That's crazy. Yeah. Kate, what was yours? It's way better than this. Alright, Here. Sure. This can be the last one. If you guys are tired of my game. One of our teachers had gotten arrested in class. She had been Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. I need more enthusiasm. Need slower. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. One of our teachers had gotten arrested in class. She had been Snapchatting a student, inappropriate pictures and we she had gotten fired.


Ooh. We later found out that she was kissing him in her class during free period. No, this is true. This happened at high school too. I saw what And it was our volleyball coach. Was it? Oh wait, no, I know this one's true because it happened at Kate's school. Why does this keep happening here? It happened at my school too. Swear. Watch every, literally every school. There's did my school too and I was homeschooled. What? What? No, wait. Yeah, dude, my aunt, she's in jail. She's bad lady. What? No, she's not lying. No, I'm kidding. My aunt's not in jail. I'm not gonna lie. It was Ashley. She's awaiting trial. No. On roll. No, it was Ashley Sid kissing the teacher.


I can't lie. What? Wait, what'd you say? Sid was guessing the teacher when he went down the bus, he was like, sorry. He used as an advantage. He took his opportunity man. He like flew down motion the teacher out of a movie. Nobody understand. Yeah, no, that was definitely real. Insane. Insane Happened. Insane. But that was your school story, right? No, actually it was a different story, but I could have told him. Okay. All of Kate's fake stories and real stories are inspired by stories that you've told me that have happened at your school. That's an insane story. It's way better than line. I mean like teachers kids is just, that's wrong.


Especially if you're sick. Yeah. That's why they got married or they got fired. They I, no, I mean, if you're married, man, peace out. Wait, can we get applause from the live studio audience? Yay. Thank.