
Should we tell our first period stories? Yeah. I don. No, I feel like that needs to be said. I was in school, we were having our avid mentors or whatever. I asked to go to the restroom. I was like, I just wanna go to the restroom to go. I was like peeing Since you're new to h and r Block, we'll look at your returns from the last three years for any money your last guy might've missed for free. I could get money back from last year. You Could we'll find any mistakes. Could Have really used that two years ago when I dated that mistake for five months. Don't leave money on the table. Switch to HR block and get a free second look review. Second look is included at no additional cost with the purchase of tax preparation. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply If you have us file an amended return.


We're so done with New year. New you this year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what? We love that for you. Someone knows we'll too, be more you this year and find them on Bumble. And then I looked out on the toilet and there's like little blood drop like I was like what the heck? What the heck's going on? So I went up to my teacher and I said, can I have my phone to call my mom? And she's like, yeah, is everything all right? I was like, I started my period for the first time ever. I don know if you guys noticed but there's something a little different about this episode.


I'm ca Harper's Sitting in Cass's spot. Yeah so that's exciting. No but actually that actually guys, we decided to boot the boys for an episode and maybe like have like an enjoyable episode for once that's not chaotic and loud and makes us all wanna cry. So we're going behind the boys' back and filming an all girls podcast right now. Yay. And we even made an all girls logo. I hope y'all like it. I made it. Yeah. We decided that we can't start a girls podcast right now but we could at least do an all girls episode and I figured it'd be kind of like a fun little girl talk Yeah.


Episode. So we went ahead and posted on Instagram and had you guys ask us questions. So let me get my phone out and see. Let's Get to the Questions. Let's get to the questions. Alright guys, first Should we like pass the phone around? Yeah, Let's pass our phone around. I would say that's nice. I'm Excited. We Just pick a random question. Yeah and then maybe, maybe like once we do it we put like a little heart bite so we know we asked it. Yeah. Okay. Also some of these might be like repeated. Yeah Because There's a lot on this list Guys. Also, I'm in a sauna right now so if you see me profusely sweating, that's fine. Is it turned on? Yeah. Oh Okay. Yeah, she's gonna be sweaty on the girl's pod. Oh god. Oh god. No guys. Is it, this already gets so enjoyable, like not having cash and Avon is just so much better To like yell.


I don get interrupted all the time. Yeah, yeah. I don't know if y'all can tell but their voices like are so loud and just carry. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's literally how they talk. So I literally lost my voice too so I know. Yeah, it's not gonna be a very talkative episode. I guess what actually it is gonna be talkative. How'd you lose your voice? Cheer camp. Oh, How Was cheer camp? It was so much fun. I loved it. And like I didn't have a lot of fans there so it was enjoyable. So yeah. No. Oh I don't think that sounds Bad. Well I mean I, I loved everybody that I met and, and we had so much fun and it was, I didn't get noticed a lot there so Yeah. So it was enjoyable. No, I agree. Sometimes like when you go to a a go to a place where there's a lot of people who like notice you, it can be like a little overwhelming when you're just trying to like do whatever you like went to do.


But I understand where you're coming from. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so let's get on to the Questions. Okay, well we'll start off easy with the first one. These were all questions that you guys asked. So we're gonna be your big sisters right now and tell you all the things that your mothers didn't tell you. So, well, I guess this isn't really even like a question, but someone asked, how long does it take us to do our makeup? I guess I'll go first. It probably takes me like 30 minutes if I'm just trying to like quickly get my makeup done. But like I Can stretch it out to like a two hour process if I want. Yeah. I would say my makeup process takes me like 25 minutes and then like today it waits. You Just had to be faster than Kate. No, Just, yeah, I had to be faster than Kate.


Okay. Okay. But no actually my, my makeup process, like I Can take it to be three hours or I Can take it to be like 10 minutes. Like I'm not even kidding. Like I can do it really fast and 'cause it's like just like 10 steps, like falls felt like, actually no it's a little more, It's either Harper will go full face or just nothing. Yeah. Today is like medium. Medium. Yeah. Just so that it wasn't either, it was like, So yeah it was, it was about 30 minutes. I will say one time Harper and I did a video where we like swapped makeup routines and I felt like her makeup routine was so much more complex than mine. I felt like I was like behind in life. Yeah. That's how I feel too when I'm with her. Like yeah, she has so many like products. She's so much stuff. She knows what she's doing though. Her makeup looks, I'm 10 year, year old Sephora girl.


So she is, How about you? Mine probably takes about 10 or 15 minutes. I don No It doesn't. Yes it does. I don't wear that much detail. I Can tell You have like really light makeup. Yes. Yeah. What the heck? I just, I don't like wearing a full face all the time. Yeah, yeah, sure. Whatever. Sorry, what is that supposed to mean? She Loves wearing full faces. Well I think it's, when do I wear full faces? I don't wear like foundation or like that. Yeah. Bebb cream. BB cream. Yeah, that's, that's like thin fall filter. Bebb Cre. That's not the foundation. So OG though, like do y'all remember being like, Well I know you were just like 13 like like a little over a year ago. Two. Yeah. But do you remember being like 13 watching like YouTube videos and they always had bebb cream.


It was The standard. Every maker had the covergirl BB cream. Exactly. I also use a BB cream if I'm just like going to the Lake or like when we went to ski I should get one. I never got one before. I have like stuff similar to it but not that brand. Yeah, Your flower filter. Yeah, I have flawless filter like the COSA one, but Oh yeah, the cosa that I gave her, the false filter that I gave her. Oh, you're so generous. Not Filter. I know. I'm very nice guys. I bought all my Own money. She's so generous. If You guys wanna come over to my house, I will be very generous then give you a, y'all don't know y'all care what jazz For? Yeah. Y'all don't know what my hands are doing under here? No We don't. What are they doing? What are they doing? I don't know if we wanna know. Y'all don't wanna know what my hands are doing. They're making a spell.


What? Ah, I'll put a spell on you. Okay. So how long Does it take you to do your makeup Kitty? Oh well. Hmm. We literally just talked about this. So if I was actually like getting things done and I was only focused on that, it would probably take me like 20, 30 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. But because I'm a little A DHD brained and I like to sing a little bit and I'll do a little dance here and there and I'll go talk to Maverick for a little bit and I'll come back and do that and then maybe I'll go get a snack. Yeah. It takes about an hour. It can take, You Can make it take forever. I'm saying but like I also have two completely different makeup routines. 'cause like I have my makeup routine for like when we're making videos. Oh. And I actually wanna look good and then I have my makeup routine for like on a day.


We're not making videos and I just need to like pull myself together a little bit. Yeah, yeah. And like that's what I literally just put on like the loomie lotion from L'Oreal. Yes. And like make myself look all glowy. I would say in public I sometimes look so ratchet like you will, you will never see me looking that bad and like it's so bad like in Target sometimes or Walmart and I get noticed and stuff. I'm That's all right. You don't have to get ready all the time. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Thanks. No you don't. Honestly, I feel like getting ready is such like a thing for you. Like if you don't enjoy, like I enjoy doing my makeup but like on the days I don't feel like doing my makeup, I just don't. Yeah. Like I do my makeup when I want to. Exactly. And you keep going with that dream And you it so inspirational Harper.


But I, I do Feel like there's so much, I think that's why there's so many like young girls like in Sephora now, Oh my God. Like buying like $50 foundations and stuff is because social media like pushes makeup so hard for young people. Yeah. You Just do not need that. No, It's so unnecessary. Yeah. And like if you're a 10-year-old Sephora girl, I'm sorry but like you're wasting your money. Yeah. Like, Oh I'm kidding. Not Harper is that girl. No, Harper Actually just like enjoys like doing her makeup and playing with makeup And I also make a living off of doing makeup. That is true. Actually. I mean I wouldn't say I make a living off doing makeup. I mean I do the podcast too. Yeah, no and I mean I have fun doing it sometimes, but I feel like so many girls just like will literally use their allowance money just to like go, go to Beach Trendy because that's what social media tells you to do and it's like so unnecessary.


That's Not what it should be. No. And I'm like such a firm believer that you literally like don't need expensive makeup at all. Like, I mean if You can afford it I guess go for it. But like go for it. I feel like expensive makeup and cheap makeup are so similar. Like you can hardly tell the Difference. Yeah, I completely agree. And like if you're gonna invest your money Yes. If you're gonna invest your money, I always say you should invest money in your haircare because like, oh yeah, yeah. Cheap haircare will like destroy your hair Girl. When I tell you I used to be obsessed with skincare and haircare. Yeah. I remember one time we asked Topper, we were like, what'd you do for fun during quarantine? And she was like, grow out my hair. That was her response One time she get, she got this mason jar and filled it with like rice, water, eggs, rice, The water Milk, all this nasty stuff.


Eggs. And she made me not And then you like put it in the freezer for a long time or something and then made me pour it over your hair and it so it smelled so disgusting. Like I was like Throw it Was bad. It was so gross and it didn't do anything. It did. It kind of helped my hair. Anything. Yeah. That's how you know your sister loves you though, that she'll pour rotten eggs on your head. Yeah. It wasn't rot eggs. It was rice and oranges. No, No, no, no. There was eggs in it. There was eggs. I remember the smell. Okay, there I have pour raw eggs on my head. 'cause those like strengthen your hair fall fuels or whatever. 'cause their protein and protein helps your hair gain protein. Sounds legit to me. It's Where did you see this? Yeah, but Gets sick. Every I to obsessed and I have type, I have like type AC c hair or something like that.


Oh My gosh. You know your hair type? Yeah I do. There's Hair type that's legit. Apparently. Is your hair like naturally wavy? It's like underneath. It gets curly and then on the top it's wavy. Yeah. My, I feel like my hair lowkey got ruined. The call in like middle school when I was Oh she's gone. She disappeared. She getting a call. I Can feel the floor vibrating. Harper just like disappeared. You Good anyways? Yeah, I'm Fine. Oh. Oh my gosh. I'm fine. She Was like, like melted. Who was calling you? Oh nobody. Oh your hair's a little messed up now. Oh yeah. Do You want me to help you? Hold on. Wait, we need to have another pod about girl. Talk about boys. Oh yeah. Just like straight up like everything that's wrong with them.


Oh people what? I do A a a The mic. The mic. Oh is This the wrong Hole? She starts putting her hand at the arm hole and said is this the wrong hole? Welcome to Nada yada Island. Nice On Mitchell's NATA Island podcast. I Almost fainted when the for New Bombshells arrived for free Samsung Galaxy A 16 5G phones and Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Oh thanks God. He is. That's wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro Plus Tax. Bring four numbers in an ID and sign up for any metro flex plan. Not available currently at T-Mobile or Bill with Metro in the past 180 days. You look great.


Or do you You look good. You look good. Yeah. Yeah, you're good now. Okay Harper, you go ahead and You can pick the next question. Alright. And I'll put a pink Card. Just pass the fun around. Okay. All There's A lot. Wow. So I guess you gotta read kind of. Okay. So, okay. I am, I should Have just told her to go down in order because she's gonna take Forever. Okay, let me think here. What is, Hey everyone, if You've been feeling like your deodorant just isn't cutting it this summer, I've got something that might just change your life. It's called Lumi whole body deodorant. And trust me, it's a game changer. Lumi is not just any deodorant, it's a whole body deodorant, which means it's safe to use anywhere.


It was created by an OB GYN. So you know, it's legit, it's clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. That's right. 72 hours. It contains mandelic acid, which stops odor before it even starts. Plus it's baking soda and paraben free. Now if you're ready to make this your freshest summer ever, I've got a special deal for you. Lummi Starter Pack comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice and free shipping. And as a special offer, new customers get 15% off all Lumi products with our exclusive code. If you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off, just use code LOL pod for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com.


That's code LOL pod at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. I mean all. Okay. Okay. Okay. What is the right age to start dating? I haven't had a boyfriend, so I mean I've like talked to guys, but like, let me put a pink card next to this. I haven't, I have a hot take on this one. Really? Let's hear it. I Think you shouldn't start dating until after you're outta high school. What? That's my personal opinion. Sorry. What did you say? I think, I think junior year is a good age to get in a serious Relationship. Okay. I definitely, I'm such a hypocrite saying this because I definitely like had boyfriends before, but I feel like once you're old enough to drive, you can start dating.


Yes. If you can't, if you can't drive yourself or if you're a guy and you can't drive and pick up your date, be so for real. Yeah. Like you're a little too young to be dating if You can, can't drive Your mom's dropping you off at the movie theater for a date. Yeah. Which I'm like the fattest hypocrite because I did that. Yeah, I did that too. Like, but it was so stupid and it's so pointless. And honestly I feel like the only thing it does when you're that young is like, hurt you because Yes. Like then you like start liking a guy and it's like your first crush, your first boyfriend, and you like think you're gonna marry him and you don't. I Can relate to that. What do you mean just kidding? No, I can't. Like, I mean I've like, I I've had like a crush and stuff and Yeah.


I've like talked to a guy for two years and then he kind of broke my heart. Yeah. That's what happens. That's what happens when you start. And I'm not, I'm not saying that doesn't happen when you're like, the second you turn 16 You can get a serious relationship. Like obviously you'll date when you're 16 and you'll break up and you'll be like heartbroken. But it's like, it's just a little bit different when You can at least drive yourself to the date. Yes. Like, Yeah. Because in reality there's like such a small percent of people that will be married to the person they're dating when they're 13. Like, I mean it, I I understand it's fun and like society, it literally, society pushes all of this. Like when I was younger I used to want a boyfriend so bad 'cause I watched like Nickelodeon and Victorious and they were all dating and it just looks so fun to have a boyfriend.


Yeah. Yeah. Like Jaden Beck. Yeah. I wanted that for my, Yeah, I think my hot take is kind of along the same lines. 'cause I went to college after high school and so I moved actually my first year of college I moved six hours away from home. Yeah. So any guy that I'd ever met in high school was just in in the past. Yeah. Yeah. I just never saw them again. But yeah, a lot of heartbreak comes with that when you move away, even if you're in a relationship that's been going like two or three years as a senior and you move six hours away. Yeah. It's just not feasible. That's, that's, I get that too. Yeah. I, I mean I wasn't, I didn't date like any, I mean I dated cash in high school but like, he didn't even go to my school. It was like we were already long distance the second we started dating. Yeah. That's hard. But like, I didn't experience being together every single day and then having to go long distance then having distance.


But like, I could not imagine like being in high school, seeing this guy every day for two years, like getting to spend all this time together and then all of a sudden you guys have to go five hours apart. Yeah. And you're long distance and it's like, you don't know that. Yeah, exactly. Like yeah. It just seems hard. Yeah. So I feel like at least 16 is my bare minimum. But I kind of agree with the, The doesn lot. A heartbreak. If you're just gonna move away after high school. It's Hard. I it's different for different people. Guys. The situation I was about to make the most cringey statement ever. Were you gonna say no? Say no. I was just like playing back of my head like a girl, like saying this like a little girl being like, guys, Sabrina's. So real heartbreak is one thing.


My ego's another. Oh, what? Alright. Yeah. That did not need be Heartbreak is one, one thing. My egos another. I'm big. Alright. Rece, do you wanna pick out the next question? Sure. I just, I Can see a little girl saying that. I'm like, oh my gosh, that gives me something. Wait, Like don't say that. If you're, if you're a young girl, like don't say that line ever. I'm just protecting you. Yes. All right. Have you picked one out? You took a minute. Did you put a heart next To the Yeah, I did. I know I should have just made us go like in order. But I feel like there's some we kind of wanna save for later, So like, yeah. So make sure to stay for later guys. I know it's a girl's podcast. It's boring. It's Not boring. I'm having a great job. People have been begging for this.


Like, it feel like I feel relaxing. I know it's not like, like imagine if one of the guys was here right now. It's, I feel like the guys make it funny. They make it funny, but at the same time, like really Hectic. They, they, they don't have any sort of like sense of like reality. Yeah. I Think almost like the best way to put it. Like, like if you ask them like a genuine question, they cannot give you a serious answer And they can't be serious about It. Like, if you ask like, what do you like, what's your favorite thing about your girl? They'll say something stupid. Yeah. Yes. 'cause they, they don't like being put on the spot like that and having to be serious in the moment. So they automatically just give you a stupid answer. They're Automatically like kitchen, the kitchen, my girl looks like a pig and stuff. Yeah. And I'm like, what the heck? What is wrong with you? They pretend they don't have hearts In front of each other.


They do. It's so bad. Kenzie and I like Yeah. Are like literally vouch for each other. Like, they're so different in front of other people. Right. And then the second, it's like behind closed doors, they're like, it grew. Oh Wow. Not even that I guess, but it's like, like Mav for me. Like Mav will come out and be like making fun of me, like getting on my nerves. Like him and cash will be arguing and he knows I'm upset and cash knows I'm upset. And then I go to my room and Cas is like, I'm sorry he was doing that. I'm so sorry. What? And I'm sure, I'm sure Kenzie will go to the room and be like, Mav, you shouldn't be bothering Kate like that. And he's like, I know I shouldn't. But they would never talk like that in front of each other. Never podcast.


That's So funny. What was your question? I have a question. What's everyone's favorite? Lip gloss. Mm. Oh gosh. I, I have my answer. I always have. Have my summer. Fridays. Yeah. I actually love summer, summer Fridays. I just, there's Also the new cupcake one. A C label cupcake. Yeah. It's the like birthday cake Something. Wait. Oh, are you talking about like the exclusive one? I was so mad I couldn't get it. Yes, I Got it. I love it. You did? Yes. It's like sparkly. Its at home. Yes. Spark sparkly. I wish I could have gotten that one. Where do y'all get this? I se Sephora. I love it. Sephora. I've been using like literally two years. No, it lasts. The bottles, the tubes last like so long too. So long. Yeah. I kind of like, I always actually had one like in my hand at all times for the longest time and then I just lost them.


Yeah. But like, I always, I I wanna say my favorite like actual lip gloss is the clarence lip oil. Yeah, I knew you were gonna say that. It has the like huge applicator. It's so juicy. It, the flavor is so good. It's kind of expensive. Yeah. But it is like, it's worth it. Like my favorite lip gloss ever. It's a lip oil. That's why I like it. I love lip oils. Lip oils are so good. Yeah. You know, I might like what a good like du is for the Clarence one though. Is the Nicks one. Oh yeah. They have like the really looks like flush, like, like I hate when people like when brands are like, oh, we have a new lip oil dropping and it's literally just lip gloss. I know. I'm What elf did that, they're like our lip, our lip Glo oil. I'm like, mm. Babe. That that's, that's a lip gloss. Not a lip. Oil Is pretty good though. Elf Is really good.


I just Was really good Duke for everything. I was just so sad when their lip oil came out and it was just a lip gloss. I was like, that's not what I expected. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, oh, it's A good lip gloss. But it's definitely not an oil. Exactly. I don't know what my favorite is. Like I really, I love the Charlotte Tilbury lip liner, but I don't really like to wear glosses. 'cause when I swing my hair back and forth, they get stuck in. Yeah. I Harper Constantly lives like she's in a movie. No. Hey guys. Oh God. My hair, when that wind blows in, my hair just Perfectly like, gets stuck in My head. It just like gets to my lip gloss and like everybody will see it. No, but what's it called? I do like chapsticks, so I like frick my nose. I like, I like summer Fridays. Summer Fridays Is a good lip gloss.


Yeah. I like Lineage. I actually, my lineage right here. Oh, their Lip. Like what even is this lip glowy balm. You're Gonna be so jealous. I got a PR from Lineage. I know, I saw that. Oh yeah. On my hall story. Yeah. Yeah. She has me at it on Snapchat. Anyways. Yeah. I feel like, you know what scene is like embedded in my head though from like childhood that I always wanted to recreate when I got older. And when I got older I was like, ew, that's kind of cringey. But like, you remember the mean girls scene where like Regina just gets off stage and she's in her little Santa Claus thing and her boyfriend comes over to give her a kiss and she's like lip gloss. Oh yeah. I really was like, wow. Like that is such a power move on Regina's part.


Like I need to recreate That. That's so funny. You should do that with cash ca Cash with his big lips book. You should make a TikTok like that. No, I like, I do do that sometimes. Like if I just put lip stuff on or like just send my makeup. I don't Want to be kiss. Get Out. It just messes your makeup up. There was a time when cash was like, before we got married 'cause we didn't kiss, so he would like kiss me on my like cheek or like my forehead or something. His lips were like always white for my makeup. It was hilarious. Oh. Like it was so bad. Yeah. And I'd look at his lips and I'm like, why do they look so crusty? And it was literally like my makeup on His face. Your ma mave Mavericks does that too. Yay. Because he kisses me on the cheek and it looks like so crusty and I'm Look on your face. Yeah. It's Like so gross looking.


They look uncanny. No, I I've looked uncanny before And I don't wanna talk about it anyways. Wait, what'd you say? I, I've looked uncanny before. Oh. Looked at means? No, I don't. It's like a robot. I don't No. It's like whenever your lips are the same color as your foundation. Yeah. And it was, That's so like two thousands makeup. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, people used to do that. They like, they literally put like, They would put like concealer on their lips instead of lip gloss. It Was bad cracking at that. They literally called him like butthole Lips. Yeah. Ew. Like When you talk about it, it's literally butthole lips. Oh My gosh. Oh, can, oh not by me. Why get away? Can we, how is that, is that Taylor Swift? Yes.


Don't be talking to my mic like that. What? Whoa. I Don't know if you got the memo. This is like an all girls podcast. This is A girls podcast. He's touching me with his open shoulder or she, I'm sorry. What? Who are Yes. Oh no, that's what are you pronouns? I was just talking about how that happens to her. Is Your, is your hair stuck in your lip gloss? Yeah, it happens sometimes, but you know, Did you get the memo? Like this is an all girls party? Yeah. Don't, don't, don't let me interrupt you guys. Go ahead, continue. Okay. All right. Should we do our next question? Yeah. Can I, Can I need to open your phone? Oh yeah. Why don't we let our new guest pick the next next question. I agree. Yeah. And she can answer. Oh, what's your name?


Ma'am? Ma'am, I'm, I'm Ka Ka Ka. Oh wow. It's nice to meet you. Ka. Okay. What am I supposed to Ka? You should ask this one right here. Ka like Pick a question and we're putting And then you answer it. Yeah. That question. Yeah. Yeah. Ka can you meow? Yeah, You can do it. Cat. You got it. If you're embarrassed, it's okay. We're all girls here. Yeah. Like it's, it's, it's an open topic. I'm sure all the people watching right now are girls too because it's a girls episode. Yeah. And the only girls here. Does it have to be that one? Yeah. Come on Kat.


Don't be shy. Cat me Alvarez The question, the question says do tampons hurt? Oh, Finish it off. What age did you start using them? Hmm. Okay. Somebody answer. I think Cat stole one of my dresses. Dude. Cat cat's a little promiscuous. Mokey. Goodness. Cat's dress was cute. Loki Kat's dress was not Kat's dress. Oh. So Ka I Oh, Kat is walking down the stairs naked. Well now that cat's gone.


I'm glad that's over. Yeah. Yes. Kenzie, You can go ahead and pick the next question. Okay. Let's see. Oh. Oh, some of these are like heartfelt. I know, I know. Everyone ask like, such like sweet questions. Okay. I like this one. What age to wear makeup? Oh, that kind of goes with like the first question. Yeah. We were talking about I agree. I don I forgot what the first question was actually. My, Okay. My opinion is I think going into middle school. Yeah. You can wear like a little makeup if you want. Conceal like concealer, lip gloss Mascara. Okay. When did you guys start wearing makeup? Starting in sixth grade, probably middle school. Yeah. But I like, but then going like, as I've gotten older I've kind of like added more to my makeup routine.


I started More in ninth grade. Like, I like started like going like crazy on makeup in ninth grade or not crazy, but like you Wore makeup before though. Yeah, because you were the get ready with me girl before ninth Grade. Yeah. But like I wouldn't have like, I wouldn't really have like that much makeup on, you know, like I, because I looked at my makeup routine from last year and now it's so weird. Like, 'cause I like put weird just a little bit concealer on and then I put like, what's it called? Halo glow on Yeah. And then it called a day and stuff and yeah. Yeah. I Will say I don't think you should wear fake like lashes until like sophomore or junior Girl. You're wearing fake lashes. Well, these aren't fake, but No, I'm saying I don't think you should In middle school. Are you wearing fake lashes right Now? No, I'm not. No, those are, that's definitely just my hair.


She's got some beautiful lashes. Yeah. They're so good. Were you? Thank you. Are No these, these aren't my real Lashes. Have you got them filled? Like no. Well I don't believe you. Okay. They aren't fake. I don those Don't look fake Harper. You got them filled. No I didn't. Okay. This doesn't need to be a fight Harper. I don't believe you. You're Wearing falsies. Yeah. You're Wearing fake ones. I know. And I'm proud of my falsies. Okay. Even Though they get crusty sometimes I don't care. And like, I Can look a little ghetto sometimes with them, but like, I think they're fine. Like when Did you start wearing makeup Kinzie? I started wearing Like mascara in junior high, but also for whatever reason, I'm a little bit older than these guys. We don't need To talk about that.


But also it was a big trend to wear eyeliner when I was in junior high. Like that. Like winged? Yes. Oh wow. So I was, I was the raccoon for sure. Junior high. And it was a big deal to straighten your hair. So I'd like straight. Yes. I had paper straight hair. Yeah. And the winged eyeliner. Yeah. It was also a thing to curl your hair and just straighten your bangs. Oh that's, that should never come back. I don't know why people did that. But yeah, I started wearing like eyeliner in mascara in junior high. And then my freshman year is when I started wearing like foundation and stuff. Oh Okay. Okay. I like started 'cause so I always like played with makeup as a kid. 'cause my grandma sold makeup, so whenever I went to her house, it was like a little treat.


We got that. She had our own like makeup bags. It was so sweet. So like by the time I was like in sixth grade, I remember so specifically my first bottle of mascara, she took me to target for my birthday to buy whatever I want. And that's what I wanted was mascara. So that's when I started wearing, it was like right before sixth grade. Yeah. But I mean, it is weird how like you, you do just start adding stuff. Yeah. And like by the time I was in eighth grade, I was wearing like foundation that didn't match my skin at all. Like That's just thought. Yeah, exactly. No, but like, it just kind of changes over time. Like your makeup. Yeah. Like I feel like your makeup is constantly changing 'cause you just like find new products you like or like new trends happen for Sure. Like, for a while I was super orange. Like I, I would always look really orange and I still am like, let's just be honest here.


And So you're not super orange. Honestly Don't know. I used to be though with my like sprayed tan and all that. 'cause for cheer. Yeah. So in the middle of the year this year I'm going to be looking orange, but it's fine. Everything's fine. It'll be all. Wait, I Have a question. How come like every cheerleader gets a spray tan. Too dark though. Like why don't y'all just get more natural looking ones? The The lights like make you look so pale that you need to get a dramatic spray tan, I guess. Really? Yeah. And like when they do blush and stuff and it's more blush and you use and Stuff. Yeah. I like, I've noticed like with dancers specifically, like when they're going up on stage, they'll have like super heavy makeup. Yeah. And I knew it was to show, but like, I didn't realize you guys look flashy on stage if you Don't have a tan. We look like really? I don I, I don't even know what I'm saying. Like, but I feel like That's how like people get really bad spray tan addictions is like, I know for sure They just go dark and then that's what they're used to.


Like I, I, I had that. I didn't, I never like spray tan, but I self tan and I definitely got a little too dark sometimes. Yeah. I self tan too, but It's kind of dangerous. It is. No, it's dangerous to start like self tan. Oh. 'cause then you just be, have like a sense of like unawareness to it, you know? Wait, I Think a light just turned off. Did it a light? No, I don't think so. Actually. I don't know. She's like seeing things right now. I'm seeing Things making, making stuff up For fun. What's the next question? I wanna know. I don know. Let's see it. Just throw it. I got it. Yes. Good catch the softball player skills coming out. Yeah, I'm like athletic and stuff. Yeah. Okay. Caught me athletic. Does bra shopping get less embarrassing?


Yes Bro. I don't even go bra shopping. Speak for myself. Yes it does. Yeah. I feel like it just depends on like each girl's different one with like your self awareness and like how embarrassed you could have things like that. But also it just like depends on your mom too. Like how open you are with stuff like that. Yes. Or like if you don't have a mom, like I could see how it could be like hard stuff like that could be like hard to deal with. Yeah. Yeah. And honestly my advice for that is if like you're in a situation where like you just don't have like a woman directly to you that can help you with things like that, I would say like go to your best friend's mom or something. Yeah. Yeah. Like they're like, like when like there's someone, like for adults, if there's like a girl that doesn't have like a motherly figure, I feel like other moms around are gonna wanna help that girl like, as much as possible.


So like, I feel like it's just like a known fact, like an unspoken rule that like you help the little girl that like will need help with stuff like that. So. Yeah. I remember I used to want a bra so bad. Yeah. But now I, I hate them. I Don't worry. It's like an unfortunate thing to have to Yes. Experience. Yeah. I feel like everyone, like when you're like young and like you just like get excited for that 'cause you wanna grow up and then it's like the second you're old enough you're like, no, No. Now I wanna grow down. Like Yeah. No. Also, oh sorry. You go. No, go ahead. Okay. Kate, you're gonna freak out. I took off my nail and my nail is very long. Mine fell off yesterday. Oh My gosh. Same length as mine.


It twin. Twin. When have you been No money. Sorry, what were you saying? I Don't remember now. Oh no. I don't know. We were talking about how like everyone wants a bra until you actually need one. That's the thing is like, you wanted so Bad until you did. Oh, I was say a lot of people, I feel like at least that I went to school with, it was the opposite. It was that they didn't want a bra, but they needed one. Yeah. Really? So I would say like starting sixth grade, even if you are like, don't feel like you have anything, just go ahead and start Please. Yeah. Like get in the habit. And I feel like I, I will say there are sometimes it's like, yeah, there are people that like need one that's one aren't wear. Yeah. Yeah. And I didn't start wearing a bra until like eighth grade.


Yeah. You still don't wear a bra sometimes. Yes. Yeah. Like, Yeah. Like last night I was like, Harper, do you have a bra on? And she's like, no. Like you might, you might need to put one on. Are you like going out or are you just at home? At home? She Was at home. We were filming. Oh yeah, you're filming. It's not that Big of a deal. Like everybody. Every, everybody. And also I'm not very developed, so it's like fine. Well It just depends. Depends what you're wearing. Yeah. It really is just like, depends on the outfit. Yeah. I remember like, yeah, sorry. Sorry. I actually like never wear regular brass anymore. I've gotten in like such a bad habit of it. Oh. Sports bras. Like, I wear like, like brass. Like the thick strapped ones. Oh. Unless like I have to like, like I have a shirt I can't wear that with. Then I just go with like the like sticky boob things.


Yes. That's what I always do too. Oh. Like I always wear those. But I came out yesterday and we were about to start filming and I like had forgot to put them on and my friend looks at me and she was like, Kate. And I was like, oh no, Nobody Would've Told me, I don't think. And I like, wait, was it Kate? Goodness? Yeah. Oh my God. Wait, she told me the same thing yesterday. Yes. Kate had the same girl was, she was wearing some girls out. She was Like wearing a white shirt and you could like completely see like the color. 'cause she's wearing like a colored sports bra. And Kate was like Kinzie. I don't know if you know this, Kate's like one of our other friends. We just shared the same name. She's a girl. Girl. She is. That's so nice. No. Okay. All right. What's, let me pick out the Question. Yeah. It's my tongue. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna pick out a juicy one. Yeah. Okay.


We're About, we're about a good halfway through so we can start getting some, some good ones in. Oh, that's weird. Well, if it's weird, then we should probably answer it because some people aren't gonna wanna ask it to other people. No, it's, I know. It's so weird. Okay, well Point it out and I'll ask it if you want me to. I, I'll just, okay. It's like at, sounded like Kate sat over there actually. Hold on. Ka No. Meow. Did you hear her say when Ka was here? She kept saying, can you me for us? Can You us? She said It like four times. She's like, cat meow for us.


Oh wait, this one is actually like, I, I Love this question because like, I I worry about it right now. So it is how, how do you feel about gaining weight? Let me put a heart by that. There we go. Okay. So, so here I'm a fire and cheers. So I really like to look at his scale a lot. Yeah. And I love to obsess over it. No. And it's like gotten to like a point where I'm like always like, like in my mom's room looking at it Aw and stuff. But I mean, it's not like that big of a deal. I just try to stay under a certain weight. So if one day I'm over 1 0 2 or something like that, I'm like, oh God, I I need to stay 100. I need to stay at 100. 'cause I only like to be a hundred pounds. But you also understand like you're getting taller. You're Also still growing.


She just flipped a nail. No, like that. I feel like that was something that was so hard for me to like comprehend. Yeah. Was like, you like go through high school and you like go through puberty and stuff and like after you get outta high school, it's almost like a second puberty hits. Yeah. And like I always heard about it and I didn't understand it, but like, I feel like mine like, 'cause like I, I feel like mine hit like right after high school and I was like so confused. I was like, why? Like, am I gaining weight? Like why am I not 120 pounds like I was when I was 15. Yeah. And I like could not understand it. Like I didn't change my diet. I didn't stop exercising like crazy or anything. Like I just did not understand it.


And then I finally realized, like I looked at myself one day and I was like, I just got boobs. Like Yeah, exactly. That's What happened was like, I literally just like developed, it's like I was a teenager and then I just developed even more and it's like, that's where all the weight came from. And like, I actually cash had looked at me after we got married one day and he was like, when did you start looking like this? Oh. Like he literally said that. He was like, you did not look like this when we started dating. And I was like, I don't know. Like we had literally been together for two years and it just like came outta nowhere. Yeah. But no. And like, especially with the growth hormones when I was on them I was like that I, I like grew in like one one year and I would like, each month I would grow like two inches. So it was like super like fast gaining weight. Yeah. Like I started from like 80 pounds to like going up to 100.


I was like, oh my gosh, this is like, this Is, but that's like normal. You know? That's Normal. I just don't think people are like, it's hard for girls to understand that you're, you're growing all throughout middle school and high school and you're gonna gain weight no matter what. And it's a normal thing. Yeah. You're getting taller. Don't that lash is real on the outside. It's, that is not real. It's real Harper. Yeah. I had extensions on and they grew and never had extensions on 'cause I wasn't putting fake on. Yeah. Yeah. Are you No those are definitely, they're Real. The one on the end. It's, it's curled probably so perfectly. No, it's curled perfectly. That's why it looks fake. But I Can tell it's real Harper That Okay. Just drop this at a side view. Looks very Real. Yes, they're real. Okay. Well you'd be able to see the segments.


Yeah. You'd be able to. They were fake. This is my segments. Yeah. Draw clumpy. I understand. But yeah, Sisters on the podcast world. I know sisters are like, I, I honestly like, we all have sisters but like, I feel so sad for like people that don't, 'cause I'm like, you didn't grow up, you didn't like you didn't get humbled the way you should up. I got humbled so bad. But like it's more like you humbling me all the time. Girl. Okay. Don't Get away from your mic, but Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. You Know, you're like so far leaned back. How, how do you feel about it? Kenzie? Remind me the question. I'm sorry. Question. That was the gaining weight thing. Wait question. Oh, the gaining weight question. I think also you have to understand like God created women Yeah. To have children.


Yeah. And so like when you look at a guy, they're gonna be flat as a board. Yeah. A girl should not and does not typically look like that because you're protecting your organs, like your organs that are going to maybe possibly create a child one day. Yeah. So it is completely normal. And I mean You can say all day long not to feel bad about it, but people are going to. Yeah. You're going to, but it's also just That everyone else is going Through the same thing. For sure. Yeah. And it's, it's also, I know it's so hard when like you're in middle school and high school and like your body is like constantly changing because one like girls change way faster than guys do. Like literally you'll go all through middle school and a guy like still will not have hit puberty. Yeah. And like most girls are already like well into puberty by then.


So it's like you're like maturing and growing so much faster than the guys around you. So you're gaining weight quicker. You're taller than them. And that's all these middle school kids are like, little boys are like genuinely insecure about it. I know. That's why they make fun of you. They don't like that you're a girl and that you're taller than them. They don't like that you're a girl and you're more mature than them. Like it literally intimidates them and that's why they make fun of you. Yeah, that's true. And that's also why they'll be so like awkward and like weird about like periods and stuff is 'cause they're not like, they're not changing yet and they're not mature in that way so they just don't understand it and they're gonna deflect and make fun of girls for it and they grow out of it eventually. Yeah. But they do grow out of that phase in middle school. But it's very helpful and it's just like hard being a middle school girl and like you just feel so much bigger than everyone around you.


Yes. Yeah. Like, 'cause like I was like so I was so much taller than everyone around me too. So it was like, I just felt like, like I needed to walk around like hunch back to be like shorter. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was taller than every guy. Oh. I wanna say there was maybe like one or two guys that were taller than me in middle school. Like I was, I felt so small, was so Big that how I was too. We felt really tall, really fast. Yeah. She was like, she was like a O girl almost. Okay. No I tell that. Okay. No I wasn't. No, it's just like all the girls in middle school are like bigger than the guys they are. Yeah. And it makes you feel so insecure 'cause you're like this, this isn't how it should be. I Know it's, but like, but it is that is even at that age, eventually they will outgrow you. Exactly. I think guys start to like sprout or whatever you want to call it.


Like freshman or like Yeah. Sophomore year of high school. I have y'all seen like a, I guess you have but like have, and like you're still in high school but have you seen like a freshman guy recently? Yes. They're, they're like why? No. Oh, what I was gonna say, they're humongous, they're tiny. They some Are Humongous. Some. Okay. There's very few who are like randomly humongous and some are tiny and look like they're in Sixth grade. Yes. 'cause they're in that phase of like, they might have shot up between eighth grade and freshman year or they might have to be the Next summer. Yeah. And like it literally by the time sophomore year comes, I would say like 90% of the guys will have like, gotten mature in that essay. It's insane. Like Are huge. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're probably gonna go back in a couple weeks and see Like be like, whoa.


That Was always my favorite thing, like going back after summer and seeing, seeing everybody and you're, whoa, What Happened? No. Yeah, exactly. Because the lock had changed in three months. So yeah. What was, what's the question? Sorry. No, you're good. Breeze. You Can see it. Oh, my face opened. Okay. Let see. Well, did your face not open it? No, my face did. I was like gonna type it in and so she would know it, but Well this is awkward. Oh, I forgot. Sorry. Yeah, she was like looking for a good one. Yeah, no, I know. I feel like the, like the longer we get into the episode, the juicier we need to get 'cause we like gotta get all the get juicier.


We gotta get all the good ones in. Exactly. Guys. It's actually getting kind of hot. Well you are under like asuna babe. I Know. What about sh Should we tell our first periods stories? Yeah, I don know. I feel like that needs to be said. I feel like that's like a given for a girl talk. Yeah. Like, I don't know if y'all were like this, but like when I was younger I always used to like watch girl talk videos and like try to prep myself. Yeah. Yes. I loved watching that. It was, it was so like fun to watch. But I know I was like, whoa. I don't know. It's so like weird now that we can do that. Yeah. And it's, we're all like, grown up and I mean, I'm not mean, I'm Not really good. She sauna. Yeah. I'm not, She's sitting on a couple pillows in there to make sure she's tall enough through the sauna. I've had a good posture this whole episode, so at least be proud of that.


I am, I'm very proud of that. Thank you. Thank you. For those of you who like, dunno, Harper typically sits like this. So like this is really Bad. I sit very hunched, but yeah. So you start off with your first period story. Okay. I I feel like I I got mine like later than all of my other friends or at least everyone lied about it because I feel like So many people That is a big thing. I lied about it. I did too because I Why? Because everyone around me was like getting it. And then I had a couple of friends that like literally would make fun of you for not having it. Yeah. And it was like, they make you My, My thing was all my friends weren't Getting it and I got it And I was like embarrassed by having it. Oh. So like, you lied the opposite way. Oh, I lied. The, I was like going around saying I got it and I like definitely did not 'cause everyone had it.


I found This or said they did. I wonder how many of those girls were lying now. But like, I remember in seventh grade I was like the last of my friends supposedly that had not gotten, it's weird. And like, I remember I would like literally keep a mental note in my head of like what week I was showed up in seventh grade. In seventh grade. Oh. Because everyone was like getting it. Yeah. And so anyways, I didn't actually get mine until like the week before eighth grade and I was like back to school shopping with my mom for clothes and like, I just came home and so I started like, I didn't have like some like horror story or anything that Because you weren't at school or anything? No, I was, I mean I was out shopping, but like when I got home it was like, oh. And I like, honestly wasn't sure. And I remember I had like taken some of my mom's pads and like hid them in my room for in case I did.


And like yeah. I was like, well I don't know if I did or not. So then I just like used a pad and then like later I was like, oh yeah, I definitely did. Yeah. I was like scared to tell my mom. So the first day, like I didn't tell her and then the next day I told her. Yeah, actually, yeah. I didn't even actually tell her. I just went to the grocery store with her and I went and like, when we were shopping I just grabbed a bot, like a box of pads and like threw it in the car and she was like, looked at me, she's like, did you start? And I was like, yeah, yeah. And she was like, okay. I grabbed like the worst ones too. What were they? They were like the huge like overnight diaper ones that like No, No 13-year-old girl needs no. Like It was so bad. But don't answer on that. She went and got me like the little like always teen Podcast Harper Harper Harper.


Don't answer, don't answer a call on the Pod. Who's it? I Wonder if tomorrow you Would wanna come on. It's on speaker Girls. Oh my gosh. Does she know it's on speaker? Yes. I would love that. It's on Harper. She's like making plans for tomorrow. Mid episode. Oh Wait, I I'll call you after the podcast. Okay. Bye. Bye. Are you done? Yeah. Can we resume? Are you tell your first story? Yeah. Do You feel comfortable talking about that? Oh yeah. I feel very comfortable. No, I literally, it happened like a month ago, so I'm pretty new. That's Not true. Not like a month ago, like three months. It's like the beginning of summer. Yeah. Yeah. So I, it was a very like, scary. I was in school, I was like, oh my gosh, I'm so scared. I don't think I know this story. What? Oh, sorry.


Continue. So I was in school, we were having our avid mentors or whatever and I, I asked to go to the restroom and I was like, I just wanna go to the restroom to go, like, just like you walk around to go. Yeah. They have to go. So I was like, wanted to walk around and like literally all my friends have had this, like, had had their periods and stuff. And I'm like, oh my gosh. Because you got yours pretty late. Yeah. Yeah. And my, my mom did too. My mom got hers end of ninth grade, so yeah, we were like, kind, kind of the same, but what's it called? I literally got it. And, or I, I like, I was like peeing. 'cause I didn't know what else to do. So I, I was like peeing in the Restroom as one does when you go to the bathroom. Yeah. And then, And then I, I like wiped and I was like, what the heck? And, and, and then I looked out on the toilet, there's like little blood droplets. Okay. We don't Need No, it's fine.


It's fine. No, there's like blood droplets. Like, I was like, what the heck? What the heck's going on? So I called my mom, or I went to my teacher and I don't know why, but I was crying. Aw. I was So, it's, it's like terrifying. I was, I was crying because I, It's really like an adrenaline rush the first time. Yeah. I was like, what the heck? And so I went up to my teacher and I said, can I have my phone to call my mom? And she's like, yeah, is everything all right? She's like, I was like, I started my period for the first time ever. Aw. And then, and then she was like, she, oh yeah, go get your phone. Because like my teacher was very like strict about phones and stuff, so I had to tell her like the truth. And then, yeah, it was, that's my first story. But I also have another story about me using a tampon for the first time.


It was so scary. Aw, tell It. Okay. At the lake house. My lake house, I was so scared. I was like, oh my gosh. No way. Yeah. Because I got my period and I was like, oh my gosh guys, I got my period. I was so scared. And I was like, no way. And I so, oh, Harper. No, we can cut that. So I just Bleep that one out. Yeah, we'll cut that. No, but like, it was so scary and my friends were like, yeah, just do it like this. And I, and okay. Yeah. And it hurt real Bad. It does. It's not supposed to hurt, but it's like hurt's. Like when you are trying it for the first time, you just like, don't really know how to, so it's like so scary. It's a little uncomfortable if You put it in Right. You shouldn't even Feel it. It shouldn't, yeah. You shouldn't feel it. But it will. I mean, obviously it'll be uncomfortable like the first time.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it shouldn't necessarily hurt. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, well next time I try one. And if I'm on the lake, then I know it is kind of hard when like, yeah, you first get it and like you start going swimming and stuff because like, no, you're supposed like, you can't wear a pad when you're swimming And stuff. That kind of gross. I have a question. Yeah. So since you were at school, did you have stuff with You? Or like, were you Prepared for No, I wasn't prepared at all. Oh. I was like my, did mom pick you up? No, mom didn't pick me up. She was in Dallas and Oh, I asked my friends, I said, hi, do y'all have like a pad? They're like, oh, I only have tampons. You can use a tampon. And I was like, oh, what? Oh yeah. And so I just ended up using toilet paper and then I got home The whole day.


Yeah. But it was, it was, no, I It was towards, it was your third period. So my Third period. No, Like your third period Class. Yeah. Oh, so, so yeah. That, that was it. It was towards the end of the day. Yeah. Mm. Well what about you Reese? Yeah. What about you? My First time I was at a sleepover with my, I remember it, my two friends. Oh my gosh. It's like this, this, the video they show us. I know school. I know. Yes. You know what's what I'm talking about. The girl like is at a sleepover and She like gets it. She's like, oh. And like the mom comes in. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And I mean, it wasn't that very traumatic. It was just like a little bit. And my friends just gave me a pad. Yeah, I know. I feel like, and That was in, it was seventh grade summer. I Remember it. I know. I feel like there's so many like, horror stories, but like I don't have any like super scary ones, But yeah.


Yeah. One time I was wearing light blue shorts at school and I bled through really bad. Aw, what'd you do? I had to go home. Yeah. And one time my pink sweatpants, that was bad too. Oh. And I just had, oh, one time in Costa Rica She bled through her bathing suit and it went down her leg. Well I bled through. We were on like really bad, like a boat excursion. It was so funny though. And my, my period's really, really heavy, like on like the heavy days. Yeah. And like, I still put in like a super plus tampon or whatever, and it, it bled through so bad. And I was wearing this like white bathing suit with blue flowers on it. And it bled all through there. It was all over this sea. It was Terrible. Oh my gosh. It's like, It was really bad. It was So bad. I know when you, like, sometimes you get it and you're like not expecting it and it's just like, well, yeah, Sucks.


And my uncle and my uncle was there too. And it was just, it was just so awkward For everybody. They're Like, what? I feel Like even like grown men dunno like what to do in the moment. And it is just like awkward for, because like when you're like the girl, especially like a young girl in the situation, it's like, oh Yeah. And I didn't know what to do. I was like, what's going on? But yeah. Yeah. And then you, how so you can't get your period. Right. How much time do we have? Wait A minute. We're good. Okay. We'll keep going. No. Yeah. So whenever I turn 16, I think that's like sophomore, almost junior year. No, I think it was sophomore year of high school. I still hadn't had it. Yeah. And I was kind of worried and I was like, all of my friends have had their period And they do say like, if you're 16 and you haven't started yet is when you should go.


Yeah. Yeah. And I was playing like four different sports. I was outside all the time. So my mom wasn't worried at all. Yeah. She was like, oh, like it's just a normal thing. Yeah. Like typically athletes will either not start till later in life, or if they do, it's like so little like they don't even notice it. Yeah. But I was like, no, I need to go to the doctor. Yeah. I feel like I need to. So we went to the doctor and I just sat down and like had a little consultation with the doctor. We talked through like what I did have happen, what I didn't have happen and what I was experiencing. And then she gave me some medicine, kind of like birth control, but it was more so to like start my hormones kind of, I guess. Yeah. Like hormone, what you had Is it, it's probably something similar to like what I have to take now too, to like, oh, to get your, 'cause like I don't have like, like my body isn't producing like the hormone right now.


Yeah. So like I have to like take it each month to like get the hormone that starts your cycle. Yeah. So I learned so much about hormones. I don't remember any of it, but there's all kinds of different hormones apparently. Yeah. Because I was obviously becoming a woman in every other way except for that. And so there was a specific type of pill and hormone that she had to give me to like start the reproductive system. Yeah. And so I took those for about a month and went back and she was like, Hmm. It didn't seem to work. So we took ultrasounds and stuff and realized that I was born without a uterus. So obviously if you don't have a uterus You can, there is no way to have a period. So, no. Yep. I lucked out I guess on that one.


Yeah. It's, it's bittersweet. I guess you could say. There's pros and cons. I know. I feel like, I don't know, I feel like for every girl, like growing up you just like, it's like such a big moment that you're like expecting and then you get it and it's like, well this isn't as fun as you thought it would be. Like. Yes, for sure. But I mean, I could also see how like, it was just like a confusing and weird. It was like, what? It was confusing and weird and I was kind of in the boat that you were of. I wanted to have it. 'cause I was like, that makes me normal. Yeah. That'll make me more like everybody else. Yes. Yeah. And whenever I found out, oh, like you can't have it, it was kind of like a, oh, I don't have to deal with that. But then it was also like a, oh, well I'm not the same as everybody. Maybe I'm weird or Yeah.


Like this. And this is, this is wrong with me and I'm gonna have to deal with that in the future. But Yeah, Overall like blessing in disguise for sure. That's, yeah. Now I know that like, I want to adopt children one day and I might not have known that if I would've had my period and been able to have children like everybody else. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Well I'm happy that you've like Yeah. Made peace with it. Yeah, For real. Like actually like, and also like, either, either way. Like even if you don't have your own kid, like You can always adopt and stuff. Yeah. It was just like, I, I don't know, like there, there's so many different ways too. Yeah. On that for sure. And then also like without a uterus, your stomach is definitely flat too. So Yeah.


That, that's what I've always wanted. I've always wanted like no uterus, so my stomach can be perfectly flat. Yeah. That's Like another thing I was unprepared for was like, your uterus literally does stick out. It's Terrible. And like no one tells you about that. And then you're just like, why do I just have like a little bit of fat on like the bottom part of my stomach that won't go away? And then one day you just learn it's not fat, it's literally just like an organ sticking out. Yeah. It's, and like, I mean it's so, I feel like for me it's so obvious. Like when I stand up I'm like, oh, that's, there she is. Yeah. There, she's there. She's, but it's Also like, I feel like Welcome back for Yeah. I know it's, well, some days I wake up and I'm like bloated enough that like it covers it. Yeah. And then some days I'm like, not bloated at all.


And it's just like, well that's that. Yeah. But oh, Harper's phone is ring again. Answer. Answer. Okay. Do we have time for one more question or, I feel like we Got, we've got a good, we've got a good amount of time left. Okay. So we, yeah. I forgot. Yeah. I'm gonna toss This back. Is it your turn? Yes it is. Okay. I'll, okay, there we go. I feel like there are, it's okay. There are so many questions on this list, guys, that you guys asked that like, we are not gonna be able to get through. I know we, we, I, We have to do a part two. I know we have to do this again. We'll come back to it. Yeah, we'll do, if you guys like it, if y'all are like, oh we want K and Matt back, like understandable. Yeah. 'cause it, but respectfully, what's wrong with you? Yeah.


If you want K and Maverick back, you're probably a guy watching this right now. I wonder if guys do watch our podcast. There are boys that watch it. We can notice by kids though. Little kids like boys. Yeah. No. Alright. Oh shoot, I lost my place. Where did it go? So Did you like lose the note? Yeah. No, no, I'm here. Oh, okay. Where did it go? I spread It. Are you gonna say Harper? What's it called? Like I feel like when, when there's awkward silence, the guys fill that in, but that's the only thing they're going for. That's literally what they do is like the second they hear any answer of silence, they're like, that's What they do. And they make a joke. That's not funny. I know. They'll like try to fill the silence 'cause like they don't know how to just sit in peace. Yeah. Sometimes it's nice to just sit like, like it's so nice sometimes.


Like, it's okay. Did You find it? Yeah. Wait, so this one has a heart next to it, but I don't remember answering it. What was it? So tell me if I'm just crazy and completely blanked out on that. How to deal with cramps, what to drink and avoid at that time. Oh. Oh yeah. We didn't say that. No, we didn't say that one. But there was a heart bite I guess. Now who But the heart bite, Honestly. Like, I feel like there's, there are things You can do to like help with your cramps. Like obviously Advil and like a specific medicine for it. It's called Midol. It's like it helps with all sort of like, what are they called? Period? Symptoms. Yeah, symptoms. Like the cramps, the bloating, the back aches. Because for some reason it didn't happen to me when I was like younger. Like as I've gotten older, I've gotten like severe, like back aches and cramps.


I've always had cramps and like they've gotten like significantly worse the last like two years. But like the back aches are like crazy. Yeah. But Midol is like perfect for that. And then heating pads are like your best friend. I love 'em. I know my sister loves Her heating pads. They're so nice. Like I would highly recommend investing in a heating pad if like you're in pain. Yeah. I, I've never gotten period cramps. Yeah. I don't Get cramps either. I like really, like occasionally. And if I do, I'll just take like ibuprofen. I, We, I like some si like sometimes I get my period and it's like fine. But there are some where it's like if I haven't gotten cramps the last couple of periods, it'll hit me like a truck. Oh yeah. Like I felt so bad because like we actually, when cash and I finally realized that like we needed to go to a doctor for my PCOS before we knew what was happening.


We went in that day and I went in and we did like the first meeting and she was like, okay, we're gonna do like an internal ultrasound, which is like literally like inside of you. And so I was like, and it Hurt for you, right? Well, yeah, because she was like, okay, I'm gonna have you go to the bathroom and like empty your bladder. And so I went and it was like, when I went in there, I was like, of course I started my period, like right now, like right before I'm supposed to do the ultrasound because like I was sitting in the waiting room and I'm like, like my cramps have gotten so bad that I start getting like lightheaded and like sweaty and clammy and like Yeah. So bad and like nauseous. And I'm like literally about to like pass out on cash. And he's, he was like, are you okay? And I was like, no. Like, not really. When He passes out from the blood, I know they always, he did pass like almost pass out when I was getting my blood drawn out of my arm.


Oh. But different stories. So I Does Midol help with like nausea or is it just for pain? It it, it does, but it also just depends on like how severe it is. Okay. Like I'll take Advil and Midol when it's like super bad, but so I like get my eye like started my period and I had to go back and tell the like doctor, 'cause like I didn't know if that was like okay. 'cause the last time Yeah. That it happened. This is like the second ultrasound I was getting. And the second time I started my period, like right before and like just my luck and I told the last doctor and she was like, oh no. Like we'll have you come in like on a week. You're not on your period. And I was like, okay. But this doctor was like, no, that's actually perfect. This is like the best time of month to do it. And I was like, okay, what? And so, because you're just like more sensitive down there, like during your period, like everything like hurts so much worse. Oh, it was so bad.


And then like the whole way home, I was literally like sobbing. Like these were like the worst cramps I think I've ever experienced. And We film a podcast after. No, we were supposed to, but we canceled like, Oh my God. I was so sick. Oh. Like I literally just like laid in bed and like rotted all day long. It was so bad. I Couldn't imagine When I went to the doctor, she asked to do an internal ultrasound and I was like, heck no lady. No. We'll not be doing that. Well it's Not like, not even that, that like hurts. But like when you're like, when your uterus knows that like there's something in there that's not supposed to be in there. Yeah. It is gonna like contract and like that's what causes cramps is the contractions. When you get cramps on your period, it's because the like lining of your uterus is like shedding and it's trying to like get that out. So like literally cramps together.


I know. So Gross. I know. It's rough. You got it rough. If you're a woman, I'm not gonna lie. It's like not fun. Yeah. And then it's like, I didn't know this until I like got diagnosed with PCOS, but like, like a man's hormone cycle is like a 24 hour one. Like their hormones reset every single day. Oh. Like in the morning they wake up, they're like the most energized as so then they wanna get like work done. They wanna go to the gym, but at the end of the day they're ready for bed. They're tired. Yeah. A woman's hormone cycle is like off typically 28 days long. Oh. So it's like there's gonna be like the week of your period where you're like super down and stuff and then like two weeks later you're like, you're high, you're perfect. You're loving life. Like everything's great for you. Like it's literally like so confusing. There's so much to it. And like most like women don't even understand it, but like, especially men, like they just don't understand like this week you're gonna be extra sensitive.


Yeah. This week you're gonna be very happy. Like it, there's a whole lot that goes into it that so many people just don't understand. So like when you're young and you're starting all of this, like you just have to give yourself grace with it. Like Yeah. That's why people like make so many jokes about like hormonal teenagers. 'cause you freaking are like literally like you're so like mood swingy and just like annoyed and it's so bad. Yeah. But like that's literally just like part of being a teenager. Yeah, exactly. You just have to like understand that and give yourself grace. Yeah. During that time. Well that's, no I'm kidding. This has been so fun though. We gotta do it again. Yeah. This So do it again please guys. Yeah we can. I actually, I Love coming on. I know it's been fun.


We, we'll if you guys like this, if you guys wanna see more episodes without the boys on because I personally enjoyed this quite much. I have too. It's been really fun. But if you guys wanna see this again, let us know. Thank you guys so much for watching our Little Girl Talk episode. I hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Bye Bye.