
So we're in the fitting room and there's only a couple girls in there. We're all like trying dresses on changing. My mother-in-law had been there as well, and she's taking videos of all of us girls in the room getting changed. And She's from Disney.


On March 21st to musical movie event of the year, arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White. Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now. Waiting on a win. Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical Story. Magic Mirror on the wall. Who's the fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theaters March 21st. Where to PG Rental Guidance. Suggested tickets on sale now.


Oh, sheet Honey Chill. It's just laundry. Not that I'm talking about these Armand Hammer power sheets. All the power of Armand Hammer laundry detergent in a convenient toss sheet. Oh sheet, That's what I'm saying. And Armand Hammer power sheets. Deliver an effective clean at a great price. Think of all the laundry we'll Do and all the money we'll save. Oh, sheet Armand Hammer. More power to you.


We're so done with New Year. New you. This year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want. And you know what? We love that for you. Someone knows Will Too. Be more you this year and find the Bumble


Sitting over there editing this video for like half an hour. Oh. And so I'm watching this video after she post it has like 200 likes. Oh no. I said Tara, I'm naked in your video. Hey Lanny. Can I shoot an apple off your head? Nope. What the No, we can't. Oh, what's up guys? Welcome back to another episode. What's Up guys? Welcome back to another episode. We have to interview someone. Unfortunately, we have somebody on the podcast. There's a new person, Lainey Baker. Yay. Clap. Everybody clap. Actually, this is sad, but I'm non baker anymore. What? Oh, Oh shoot. I just, wow.


You just realized that she's been married for like four years. I just realized that man, she's been married for a long time, Like five years. And I, Okay, lady Randall, everybody. Yay. Yay, yay. You know what she told us this weekend that was like kind of sad. She was like, Don't, I'm gonna cry thinking about it. Okay, well don't think about it. Just ignore me. She said that me And Kenzie will have the last name Baker for longer than she had it. Oh. I was like, that's, I had it. 20 years. They're gonna have it for like 40 or 50. That is kind of sad. That is crazy. Should have left the family. That's how I, I Know. Left the family. Ar Are you Well, yes guys. Like you got out the hospital, you look like you. I walked up here. I tried not to say nothing.


I did let a laugh out, but you looked like you just got out of the hospital. Not even the hospital. She got the furry shoes on. That's like, that's like no Sharp corners. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You look like a, sorry. A grandma that just got outta the hospital. At least she's Moved on from me. So what happened? What have you been through? I got a spray tan and I got naked in front of two women. Oh. Oh, speaking of naked. Oh No, Both of us. Wait, is that the title? Oh yeah, Yeah. Flick. Okay. Wait, Wait, wait. Are we sharing now or later? Because we were just speaking of naked. I mean, since today he's already getting naked. I swear this is a PG podcast.


It is. It it is. It's a very clean podcast. Except For, except I just filmed a video today, bro. Where Kate's crying This, this was like a real video that She automatically goes naked. Oh wait, Did you? Oh no, but we filled, I filled this TikTok today Kate starts breaking down, crying outta nowhere this morning, like as soon as I woke up outta bed, she chopped her eyelashes off. No, I didn't. I didn't chop. Look. Do you see the blank spot over here in the inner corner of my eye? Oh no. I do. I was curling my eyelashes and my hand. I'm not even joking. You ripped him out. This has never happened. My hand went just like twitched so aggressively and my eyelashes were clamped and it ripped out my eyes eyelashes. Please never tell Garrett this story ever, ever, ever. Because he gets so mad at me because I do my makeup in the car while he's driving and I use the eyelash curler.


Oh My God. And he's like in the car, in The car. No, Kenzie does the same thing. And he's like, you were gonna rip all your eyelashes out if I hit a pothole. Yeah, bro. No. Kenzie does the same thing. I'll be like, okay, we gotta leave in 15 minutes. She's like, I'll be ready. I'm like, no you won't. I Can see you right now. You're not gonna be ready. Yeah. And then she brings like 15 bags to the car. She's like, she's like, I have 30 minutes to get ready in the car. Once her blow dryer in in the car. She's like, no, that's next level. Oh my God. Anyway, so she chomps her eye, her eyelashes off and she starts like breaking down crying. And I'm like, oh, this's hilarious. I gotta film this. And so I start filming her. She's like, stop hitting me. Anyways, it's a great TikTok. I'm gonna post it like tomorrow and Oh wow.


If you post it tonight, it'll get more attention. Yeah. Well this doesn't go out for a minute. I would know. And God, I gotta Stop it. I'm filming her and it's like a great video and at the end of the video she just goes, why are you naked? Yeah, He's running around naked filming me. I'm like, you should not be filming me right now. You're the freak. Oh my God. I just woke up. Okay. Why were you sleeping naked? Yeah. Scientifically, you sleep the best when you're naked. Okay. I'm Never slept naked and I never will. Yeah, same. I'm good dog. You're actually like orange. Be careful. You might, orange might rub on you tan Like orange. Hands on the wedding. I know.


Homecoming, I have homecoming literally on Saturday. So you Get a spray tan, get a spray tan. So I look bronze in good Dog. I never got a spray tan for homecoming. Yeah, Because you're a boy. But you did still didn't makeup for live shows. Okay, well you're probably gonna do makeup for your live show. Well, I'm an not boy. And if you're Jim Charles, So do you know, have you had your chromosomes checked? Yeah. I don't believe you. I actually have, I'm not allowed to say that. What? Anyways, I was literally talking about what Happened. I, I was literally talking about how I was going to like rip out my hair and suffocate it like with myself because I'm so done with chemistry. Oh, chemistry will get you.


That's chemistry. Should we done Harper? We talked about That. Okay. Anyways, Laney, Kate, were gonna say something. Well, what y gonna say LA Got rated at New York Fashion Week by accident. It was not on purpose. Lainey dinner. Kate? Both of us. Both of us. Did Y'all get in a fight? No, no, no. It was just something crazy that like the fact it happened once. Okay. But the fact that it happened twice in one day, it Just, okay, first of all, we have to do the first one first, obviously, but okay, so like, are You first? No, Kate is first. But the, okay, Then why are you doing the first one second? No. So we go to Sherry Hill. Sherry Hill is like a fashion show we go to every year and they dress us for the event except Lainey.


Lainey walks down the runway. So ignore that. They're dressing me for the event and she's like, no, I was Trying to dress us too though. There. Yeah. So we're All trying to, That's debatable. If Lainey walks down the runway, whoa. A little. That is a little, I saw the video. Oh, Harper, guess what? What? Come to reality Harper. What? Lanny. You know what she hill is? Yeah. She's walking New York Fashion Week for Sherry. If you possibly say it's one of the easiest jobs ever. Are you guys gonna Try to make me cry? Because I will cry. I They hired Laney. They were like, Hey, can you just just walk Shut off. Oh my God. Semi straight line. No. And turn around and come back.


Lemme know what I've seen people do this at a traffic stop Better. All we need you to do is walk 30 feet that way and 30 feet back. So what happened? You would've went to jail for a DUI pulled over. Okay. You got a video of it. You got I know you a video. Nobody Mom posted it on Facebook. Straight up. I saw. Threw me Under the bus. She was like, Haven't Even said what happened. Oh, What? You have the video? I can't reenact it. I do. It went something like this. Did it actually? Yes, I saw it. No. Oh my God.


I did not planted. Boom. Bloody nose right there. Hair, No noses were broken. Okay. I just like, I had a little stumble and I was like, it's okay. Pull it together. Lanny, pull it together. It's fine. The dress is long, the fair. And then I had a big stumble. Fair. The dress was not tailored to her height coat. Oh No. Me, gimme the video. Let me see that. Where heels it was. Yeah, I was, Here we go heels. It was like this big ball gown. And here she comes. Beautiful Down the runway. She's huge. Oh. Oh, she stumbled right there. A tiny bit. Now watch this. Oh. Oh, Okay. It's okay. It's, That is a hard watch. It's not that bad. It open Is a hard watch. Listen, Listen. Nobody probably saw, you know, Nobody Saw but it, she was saying that her mom posted it on Facebook.


The thing about it, they said, alright, everybody sit down, we're gonna watch some people walk Now they said they can't even do that, right? No. It makes the show interesting, honestly. And you know what makes it Interesting while we're sitting there watching, like, who's gonna fall? There was three girls that tripped because the dresses were not tailored correctly. Yeah. So it's not the model's fault. Oh, it's just the fact that the dresses didn't you In my corner and I you're in my corner and I appreciate that. But nah, I dropped the ball. What? No, Your dress was too Long. It was so long. And then I was immediately mad. Garrett was laughing. He was like, I could see it in your face. Same as soon as it happened. Oh Yeah. I Can see it in your face. It's like, She's Got rage know because she has like hers, she keeps like a straight face when she walks. She's got the, the model sm Lar and then it turns into like an actual, just like furious smolder Turned, turned out to like, she was walking out to a boxing match.


It was like, like that's not even acting at this point. She's, But she, she did really good other than like her The fumes were fuming. Like I was mad And, but there was other girls that happened to also, and You can just always think that there might have been one that was worse. So might've been You watched the whole show, was there? Well, no, mine was worse. Mine was the worst. There were probably other stumbles, but mine was the only like, oh, she almost bit it. At least you didn't. Yeah, I know that's, I'm actually nervous. Did I do something wrong? But if I had at least would've like went viral or Something. I'm scared. Girl. What do you mean? Did you do something wrong to Kenzie? She, she genuinely just does not feel good today. Are You sure? Oh, because Kenzie's not on the episode. Yeah.


Oh. What she just saying here today? I don dunno what's telling her right now, but it's probably a lie and I'm gonna go with it. We don't, the War is currently that Kenzie is debating whether or not she's going to actually follow through with the wedding this weekend. Yeah. We, we think she's in there writing the letter that's just gonna leave him at the altar right now. She's probably crawl out the second story window right now. Matt's Definitely lying to her, Bro. He's got her locked in the room. Okay. Yeah. But actually when you guys are seeing this, they're already married. So too late for that on Saturday. And I was going to go and I Convinced Better things to do Tim. I literally convinced Maverick. I said, I'm going, I'm going not to go, gonna go to homecoming. I literally ruined all my plans. All my friends got mad at me. I basically got dropped by two friends to go to Maverick's wedding. Yeah. So we were really excited to be her backup choice and then, and then we realized we weren't even that She had another backup choice ahead of us.


So you guys Are playing


C Today at T-Mobile. I'm joined by a special co-anchor. What up everybody? It's your boy. Big Snoop deal. Double G Snoop. Where can people go to find great deals? Hand To T-Mobile dot com and get four iPhone sixteens with Apple intelligence on US. Plus four lines for 25 bucks. That's Quite a deal, Snoop. And when you switch to T-Mobile, You can save versus the other big guys comparable plans plus streaming Respect. When we up outta here, See how You can save on wireless and streaming versus the other big guys at T-Mobile dot com slash switch. Apple Intelligence requires IOS E 0.1 or later


I Can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I Can get in more squats anywhere I Can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four. Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


You don't wake up dreaming of McDonald's. Fries, fries. You wake up dreaming of McDonald's hash browns. McDonald's breakfast comes first. Yeah. And then And then She finally it got to plan C, but then plan A and B came through again. So she dropped Plan C. Plan D came through And now I'm having fun on my own. Dang. Oh, What are you doing? Because I'm just a lonely girl. We ran right under the hospital as activities. Yeah, I do. I seriously look like you got back from the hospital. Yeah, a little bit. Little bit. Awesome. But why did you get a spray tan and choose to wear that? Well, let me think because I guess you're clothes dirty. Yeah, it gets you with clothes dirty. It gets you so grimy.


Do y'all have a favorite false scent? Because I sure do. Pumpkin spice lattes freshly picked apples. Fresh coffee, cinnamon. But you know what's not on that list? Bo Lumi deodorant was created by an O-B-G-Y-N who discovered odor isn't just an underarm thing, it's an all over thing. So she developed Lumi, a pH optimized deodorant that's clinically proven to control odor everywhere for up to 72 hours. So fall can just be fresh. Lumi starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping as a special offer for listeners, all customers get 15% off all Lumi products with our exclusive code. That's right. Not just new customers, returning customers as well. And if you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, use code LOL pod for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's code L lo l pod at L lu me de D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please show your support to our LOL podcast by using our code.


Yeah, But no guys, Kenzie hasn't been here I think in like three episodes in a row now. Yeah. Why? I feel like I got a, Oh well because we had Nick Wilkinsons on twice and now Lanny, but unfortunately our sound board can only hold. Yeah, there's our, there's our professional soundboard as you guys see, Watch this so we can have a bigger budget. It's, It's sitting on the floor. It might May or may not get stepped on, Who knows? But our soundboard can only hold five microphones. So when we have a guest on now we have to have somebody step off and Kinzie's been planning the wedding this week, so she's like, I volunteers tribute. Well you Guys could all have just talked and then Kinzie could have mined whatever she wanted to say. That's True. She that she does sign language.


Perfect. Yeah, she does not. Yeah, she does. She probably took it in high school. Yeah, you have to take a language in high School. I know. Sign language. Believe it or not, she did one of those. That's not, what is that? Put that down. That's the middle finger in Chinese. My Favorite. Love this one. Harford goes prick you and Chinese and everyone like clip. That's what that is. You and Chinese. It was just like, that's Mandarin Right here baby. Do y'all see? That's like, you see I'm not myself today. Yeah, yeah. You seem off What happened? Well, well that's fine. Okay. We Never even finished what happened. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. What happened Naked Anyways, so we're in the, Yeah, so you guys were at the mask show and then you were naked. Okay. So No. So we're in the fitting room and there's only a couple girls in there.


We're all like trying dresses on changing like obviously There's like a ton of dresses You can choose between. So you're like seeing what fits. Yeah. So we're all like naked or not naked? Depends. But We're all taking content Too. In this room. We're like, half the girls are like naked, Like, you know, we like put on a dress and we're like, oh, that could be good. This is cute. Put Snaps. If I'm in a changing room, no one is allowed to be taking contact. That Turns out that's a good rule to have. Dude Maps over there changing. I'm like, what's up guys? So Anyways, That sounds super farfetched. So anyways, the, a couple days later we're like in, or like the next day or two I'm in the hotel room and our, my mother-in-law had been there as well and she's taking videos of all of us girls in the, in the room getting changed.


And she's been sitting over there editing this video for like half an hour. Like watching it over and over and over. She watched it over and over. And so I'm watching this video after she post it. It's been up about four or five hours, has like 200 likes. Oh No. And I said, oh my gosh, were you naked? Oh no. I said, Tara, I'm naked in your video. You were literally naked. I was com Like not but naked. No, my Top half was completely naked. Top Naked for sure. No, That's, everything was just hanging out. That's crazy. That's butt naked. In case you Well I get, I guess not your butt, but I mean that's naked. That's just naked. That's what, insane. It had 200, like had 200 like, like Butt naked.


She's Like, she's like in the reflection of a mirror, like in the background. I, that's why I'm mom did notice. Oh my gosh. I'm Like talking and I'm putting a dress on so you can like see. Yeah, no, they're, they're definitely there. Okay. That Oh my gosh. I would totally like bed's in what? But then what? Okay, so that's like what brings up this subject matter. She's Like, I Can make, like you have to delete that. Yeah. So mom goes to delete it and then like half an hour goes by and Kate's like, actually this whole thing made me feel a little bit better because I accidentally posted Lainey naked on my snaps yesterday. Oh no. But I wasn't gonna say anything. No, you Weren't gonna say anything. What? She Wasn't gonna say anything. No. You Secretly we're posting other people naked.


That is Bad. So this is karma. Karma came back for her. Yeah. And it's not as bad though because mine, I posted my snaps and I checked all my snaps and I like missed it. Obviously she's in the back of the mirror. Yeah. The mirror clearly missed it. Yeah. And so the snap was up. I'm not even joking. Yeah, yeah. Two or three minutes and I, it Know how many views it. Yeah, you get paid off views. I know what you did. You many views It. I get a commission off of that. Sure Do. I'll send you No, do you wanna, everyone knows I spam my story so when people are clicking through my story, you're not looking too deeply. Yeah. Do you wanna know how many views it had after two minutes? How? Seven and no screenshots.


Okay. That's Okay ma'am. Lemme take a picture of just seven. No screenshots. Only seven A picture of me and they gimme seven people. I didn't even get get to see the photo of me. I Deleted it off my snap completely though. So what was it? It was just you changing in the background. So she was torn straight up and just took a photo of you take I like Let show you. It was the blue dress that I was mourning. Oh, you Actually have it? No, no I don't. Not the photo. I deleted it 'cause it was in my snap memories and if I kept it in my snap memories, I 100% would Post it again. Oh, you posted it? Yeah. Oh my gosh. It, it's Terrible. But it's a dark blue dress with like the bow On it. Oh, this? Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. It was like in the background of that one. And like the second I like, I mean I was going, I literally finished posting snaps and I said I'm gonna click through the Sherry hill just to make sure.


Just to show. I literally was like so conscious of it. I don't even feel sorry for you guys. Like you're filming. What if you didn't see it? You're like we And no, the thing is though, like when we were in there, we were all being so adamant of like, okay, is everybody outta the way? 'cause I need to take a photo in this. Yeah. And yet somehow, no, Not somehow I don't get Kate. There's times I wake up in the morning, I'm taking a shower, Kate comes in trying to film like a get ready with me. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no. You get, you get outta here. That is not, you're not filming while I'm naked. Stop. Okay. Turns out not a bad rule to have. No. Highly recommend you don't I see how this happened now. 'cause she's always like, don't worry, they're not gonna see you. I'm like, they might and they did twice one day. Listen, I Felt, I felt so bad and I was like so embarrassed that I didn't pay close enough attention.


And I was like genuinely like no one screenshotted it. But she wasn't gonna say nothing. I know. Get mad. I was like, she's said not talent. It was wild. Wait, is that sweetie high or something? No, sweetie high. Sweetie High Cherry Hill. Oh sweetie. High. Yeah, I know. I should have said something. I'm sorry. What are those? That's okay. I Can, what are Those? They're, they're from TJ Maxx. They're Cute. Oh, nice. I like the vibe. TJ Maxx. Thanks. What, What is this? A mumu. Oh, A what? What? No, that's a flamingo. That's not a cow harbor. It's A oo Fish check flamingo with a pineapple on head. Yeah. Fla flamingo. She Still learn her animals guys. What? No, she's still in an animals.


No. Guys, I got a sprayed tan. If y'all were wondering why I, did I already talk about that? Yeah, yeah. Anyways, I Found, oh, go Ahead. Yeah. Do you have any questions for Kro? Maverick's sister? Oh yes. A lot. Are you married? Oh yes. We covered that. Well. Are you okay with Hmm? Can you believe you've never met me? No, I actually cannot. Yeah, what They talk about you all the time? I wait. Yeah. Really? No. Harper literally asked me when I got, when I first saw her today, she was like, how's your life been the last week without me? No, I miss Kate so much. Kate cried Herself to sleep every I did. I was like, I'm, I'm Wait, did you actually talk about New York if you miss me or not?


What did, did you talk in New York? If you miss me? Yeah. Yeah. No she did. She was like, I miss Harper. So why, why is my nudes on the internet? So when you see a Naked picture of me on the internet, just mind your business please. Okay. It's viral on Reddit probably. Oh God. Oh I, We shed a tear when you sent me the Elmo live videos. Like I miss Kate. What? The Elmo Live video. Oh, Kimsey had be back on Snap. I was like so happy anyways. Yeah. Hey, where is your husband? Oh, he's at home tonight. Oh, he's been working on our house. He didn't want come. Where do you live? Oh, We live like an hour away. Hour. Okay. No you don't. They live in Georgia. Oh, that's so true. You're right. Are You at, How did you live in, in Georgia?


The dog Forgot where they live. Forgot legit What side of the country they live on. We Forgot where I lived. We have a house in Georgia that we live at. Oh See, she's so rich. She got two Mom. I literally knew you from Georgia. My dude on the internet. I knew you were from Georgia. Turns out falling on the runway pays a lot. No, because, because you look like my friend Laura Mains or my, my friend's mom. Laura Mains. I look like your friend's mother. Oh Harper. You don't say that Harper. No, no, no, no.


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission. And some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. TREM is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or if you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


I'm ready for my life to Change a, B, C. Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come Up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is a man's word. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood. Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. New Sundays eight seven Central on A, B, C and stream on Hulu


ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell spinning BattleBots people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots AI and machine learning game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer.


How Old do you think I'm No, I Know that you're like 20, right? 20. What? Good. 27. Oh, I'll accept that. I'm 25. 25. Okay. Okay. Okay. Doesn't say she looked like Laura Mains, but like a kid version mom. A Kid version. A kid version. Now she's gone with a kid version. Yeah. Teenager. She went from someone's mother to a child very quickly. School version. Like the kid version would be the mother's child. But you didn't say that. Yeah, I swear. No, but yeah. Yeah. The child you're friends with, that would literally be the kid. Yeah guys. I, but yeah, no, she lives in Georgia. I do live in Georgia. Somehow she forgot that I, We got a house here and that's where my husband is. 'cause he had to fix stuff today at our house.


Yeah. So, well I found this video today on somehow I, I have a Google Photos from when I had a Samsung. Oh no. I had a Samsung my whole life. I Now I know you have naked photos too.


Attention renters. Do you ever get the sense that you're just caught in a cycle of rent payments? Seeing your hard-earned cash just disappear. It's time to shift the narrative and start reaping some real benefits. Enter Built Rewards Built is Breaking Ground as a neighborhood rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent every month. Pay your rent and watch the built points. Just roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation or put your points toward a flight or hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. You can also use your points to book fitness studio classes or redeem them toward future rents. Payments. They're designed to meet your lifestyle. So pay, rent, hassle free through the Built Rewards app and your rent game. Just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value currency by the points guy and Bankrate earn points by paying rent right now. When you go to join built.com/lol podcast, that's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/lool podcast. Make sure to use our URL so that they know we sent you join built.com/lol podcast to start earning points with your rent payments today. Let's go.


I've confessed, I've confessed of my sins that I had a Samsung and believe I moved Past that. Can you believe we're at a live show? Huh? What'd You say? We're having a live show. Remember when I saw that when this comes out, we probably already had a live show and we probably have announced. Yep. What can I say that? What? Oh, okay. Well maybe we, you can't say that like now. Now that already know. Okay. We might be doing a tour. Maybe, maybe not. You scared the crap out of me. What? What? You are like, can we announce it? I'm pregnant. You know they, they were pregnant. Yeah. I really freaked me up for me. Harper. Like tri socks. She'd Be excited. How do that correlate with the live show speaking voting? I don know we're doing a live show. Oh yeah.


We're also pregnant. It's The, it's the like curse of being a young married couple. Yeah. Is everyone assume pregnant? Like Hey guys and they'd be like, you're pregnant. Yeah. People tell us that a lot. I've like been like, oh my gosh, I gotta tell you something. And I Oh my gosh, you're pregnant. No, I just like had like this really good cheeseburger for lunch. Yeah. Thanks though. Wait, Kate, what were you gonna tell me before the podcast started and you're like, I don't wanna mad for you. Scream at me. Oh, we can talk about it in the next episode. Oh what? Oh, she wanted To talk about it so bad. Are We talking, are we filming two or what? Yeah. Oh Two. I forgot to clarify something with you, but off episode. What?


Oh yeah. No, we'll we'll do that next episode. Okay. Sorry guys. Anyways, Like I was saying about my Google photos, I found this video. Look at this harbor. Is it of me? Is it of me? No, it's of me and you. Okay. Okay, go ahead and go now. Oh, we were flying. Is that my voice? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, let me guess. It's being drug behind a golf cart. Are you pulling his pants down? Is it, That was not my next guess. Stopped A wait. Watch. Hear his voice. Hey I don Wait, wait, wait.


Your turn. Get your let's go ugly face. Wait, I have to see this. What is this? That's like the worst I've ever seen. Mav said Ugly face. Ugly face. It's okay. He turned the camera around Job he goes Whoa. I sent you the other Day. Yeah. And saw video. But It's so funny Because oh the Cast showed to me this morning and he goes, Mav is just the same when he went. Yeah. Gotcha. Some The back goes get you so goes. Okay. Okay. You actually specifically called me ugly, which I don know you ever apologize for. Which is funny.


Okay. Ugly. We were like Ugly face. It's ruthless man. Ruthless. Yeah. I also found some other editing in my Google photos this Out. Dude, Google photos are insane. I always told Kate how much I loved the 4th of July as a kid. It was my favorite holiday. Okay. Because I gotta blow things up dude. Look what I found on my camera roll. Hey, this, it's Just a photo shoot. What the heck of a fireworks You took? You took a photo shoot. He Did a photo shoot with his fireworks. Oh my gosh. You had an obsession with this. I love fireworks. This was like, the bad Thing is I still love fireworks bro. Was like trying to make a calendar. I love nothing more, love nothing more than one of the artillery shells and just blowing those things up.


We actually used to, yeah, us To. Yeah. I mean it's pretty fun. We'll say. So we used to light the big ones that go up in the sky and go bang. So we used to light those like the ones that go Yeah. We used to light them and then toss 'em at each other and hit 'em with a tennis racket. Yeah. And you, you missed. Yes we did. Yeah, we did. You didn't know that. No. Is that why rack? Like every couple of years there'd be a firework that like came up on the carport explode than everybody. Yeah. Sometimes it's a foul ball Crystal. Yeah. Well we tried it with a baseball bat at first, but we missed a lot and then it would fall on the ground and we were like, ah. So then we moved to a tennis racket and this year, the last 4th of July actually Were you there? No. You weren't? No. Me and our uncle Garrett Robinson.


I was like, you want go sit on a, on an artillery shell And whoever runs away first loses. And we set an artillery. This sounds like a win-win. How? How could this go for It? We set an artillery shell on the ground and he goes, no, we're not allowed to run at all. And I was like, I was like, what? Get yourself. I'm like, That's not even a game, which is gonna go burn ourselves. And I was like, okay, fine. And So the goal is who gets burned least? Yeah. And he goes, he's, you know, he's like a 50-year-old man. So he was like, no, you are gonna run away and then I'm gonna be stuck here so I'm going to hug you. What she calls you hugging in the, in the firework.


So we set the Dar Tillery show on the ground and we line on fire and we just start hugging and we're looking at her like, Oh my God. This is the month of February in the firework calendar. Yeah. Oh My God. It just plums up on us. And then we also, we my, my cousin brought this little cannon and it shoots bbs out the front like bbs that go a BB gun. And you put a firecracker in the back and it shoots bbs out fast. And I was like, okay, try to shoot me with it. So I go out there like 50 yards. Yeah. And I hear it go hoo by my ear. And I was like, okay, that's my, that's enough for me. So in your turn he goes out there, I load it in and the thing, it's metal, it backfires on me and it shoots me in my leg.


Oh my gosh. He had like a Huge, the cannon exploded too. It went, I was like, ah. Oh did you actually get hurt? Oh my gosh. It didn't feel good. It, it left like a bruise on me and burned me. Yeah. Wait Laney, what was it like to grow up with cash and Mav? Like was it hectic? Well, I locked myself in my room a lot. Yeah. We barely saw it, honestly. Yeah man. I have another one in here that I wish I could find, but I don't know where it was. Is it the one where I still remember I walk around, I still remember when Lainey hit puberty. Oh Yeah. A gang. I remember that. We were, I remember the specific day. Yeah we were Shut up. No, I'm serious dog. I I didn't change it all. Oh you know what day we talking what they we're talking about too? Yeah. Oh we're sitting there.


I didn't know what day we're about. Like Lany Hass always been a very calm, nice person. Always know the favorite child of the family. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And so we're like, you know, she can do no wrong. Obviously she's Lanie so like Lany. Lany perfect. That's not true. La Lanie doesn't just do her school on time. Lenny gets ahead on her school. Lanie does college classes at the age of 15. Yeah. La Lanie was perfect all the time. So we're like, okay, let's whatever we're Laney can go do her thing. We're gonna just chill in the living room. Well we were told to do the dishes. Why mom and dad were gone out of town. I guess they were outta town. I don't even remember being told. I don't, who knows? Yeah. And so dog comes out of her room barking.


Oh she's barking at us. She's like, y don't do anything. I Can actually, no, no. And then we're like, no, we just sat there like no that's not what she said. She came out the room. That's what I said. Me and Matt are watching like freaking kicking it and kicking it. We're watching it, watching and farmer. So then she comes out, she looks at that, she goes, she doesn't say anything. She just walks out and says three words. She goes, are you serious? And I'm like, can we my cam You can my joker face. It's poker face. Joker face. Poker face. It's joker face in the parody. Which you guys haven't heard obviously. Shout out Carman wasn't Carman.


Oh really? Yeah. It was that paint guy on YouTube. Oh yeah Gary. But yeah, that was a horrible day. And with Medley that was one of the meanest things Lanny ever did to us. Well you have, I asked Laney about it too 'cause like obviously I got Caia Maverick's side of the story way before I got Laney's. You've asked asked Her about


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today at greenlight.com/spotify.


My dad works in B two B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B two B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash results to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


Yes. Because it's apparently valid. Yeah. It's so freaking valid. Back it up. Do It To this day Dustin. It's made no sense by the way. They Like never cleaned or did anything growing up and mom and dad were like gone for the weekend and I was in charge and I had like cleaned up after them and I was like, guys, could you please just do the dishes before mom and dad? Did you Say that? I don't remember that. I'm sure I did. Oh y'all just dunno how to, how does That, does that mean I've said a bunch worse things to read. Well, but then they didn't do them. Oh. So she came out And yelled, are You serious? Yeah, I But they slammed the door. It's not that bad. And you know what? We did pretty, we went what the, and went back to Washington tv. What the Yeah, I still had to do the dishes. Oh my God. That's what's So annoying is like you're so like upset about it and they just Don't care.


I don't know how you live with them. Like, oh I don't, you know, when I lived in LA they called, I think it was cash and he was like, listen mom said that if you would let us live with you, she would let us move to la. Actually I was like, no. Immediately. No. Yeah. Not a chance. She, she crushed my hopes in dreams. He Was also like 15. I did not know that. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, what happened? I feel like mom and dad only said that because they knew I was saying know. I don't remember Mom and dad actually said that or if I was trying to make something happen, trying to get some Accurate, some leverage You can live with.


She volunteer's so hard, Fast. I don dunno where it's, but I was looking for it. But I have this other video in there and I'm like, I'm gonna go nor Laney. And I, my was like, oh That video makes me feel really bad. Yeah. That makes me look like a terrible, I didn't say I Was, I didn't say I was gonna go in nor Laney. I was just filming my video. 'cause I finally got my Samsung phone. I was, I gotta film something. He's probably like 10. Yeah. So I go into LA's room and I'm like, hi. And she's like, what are you doing? And I'm like, what Do you want? Don't mind me. And she's Like, and he's like standing at the doorway like I'm not in your room. Yeah. And She was like, Get outta my room, I'm not in your Room. And I pointed the camera, I'm like, I'm not in your room.


And she was like, get out. I was like, I'm not in, I can't get out. And she's like, what are you doing? I'm like, don't mind me. And she goes fine. And she shuts the door in my face. Oh My God. Around. He turns around and he goes, oh man. Like you just hear it in the camera. Oh man, Just wanted some love Camera just goes sleep this. And I was like, oh man. That's so funny. Yeah. That's how lady treated us. That is not true. That is like not the majority. Oh Man. What's the worst thing you ever said to your sister? I bit her. Punch her. What? That's, We Not say what cash. Give cash. Chase me around the dining room with a baseball bat. One time my and Maverick had to stop him one time.


Marick, he was Gonna kill me. Like Simon from Chipmunks Al and the shits and the chipmunks. Yeah. Simon, you're Simon. He's Alvin. You're Theodore. Oh, I get to be the cute. He gonna be Fat. Old and fat. Oh No. And I Can Theodore Theodore Theodore's A young guy. This is going guys you hit 25 and things go downhill really fast. Totally. Your Theodore fat and old Look like a mom. And so You look Likedo and then the child version of a mom not a 20-year-old, You can walking a straight Line. He looked like Theodore and my friend's mom combined like naked photos all over the internet.


That's terrible. Oh Man. Life is really downhill after 25. That's crazy. All Right. You got a lot to look forward to after that. Wait. Okay. But why did you bite her? Because She's always been a mean girl. Like she's No. Yeah, I Can pretty confidently say I think you're the mean girl. You were the one that bit her. Okay. Well she was the one who like, yeah, Wait. Whoa. She said you bit reason. And you said she's mean. Y'all don't See her behind closed doors on the podcast. She's all like, hi guys. Hi. Hi. That break. Like she's always like, true. I don't believe that for a minute. She's like, hi cash. Hi Maverick. She Seems like a very responsible young adult. No. Yeah. She's not really. How old is your sister? She's 17. Yeah.


18. 17. Yeah. 17. She's gonna End up being like, like your legal guardian here in a couple years. Harper. Don't worry, I'm there with you. Lanny. Everybody thought Lanny was an angel and behind closed doors she shut 'em in my faces. That is not true. Just, yeah, that's not true. One thought you were so cute. And then behind doors you chase people around tables in baseball bat. So nobody trusted him. Okay. No. He trusted him. Yeah. Nobody ever still has trusted me. Really? I don't think you were allowed to stay home alone until you were like 17. Yeah, I was. I was kind of old. Not gonna lie. My mom also had to cut my steak until I was like 12. I'm gonna say 12. Yeah. My mom stayed butter 'cause they wanted me having a knife because I, Or go ahead. Yeah. And put butter on your bread.


No. 'cause even butter knives were not Allowed. And even wiping his own butt, she had, she had to do that TILs. He was like, what? Like 12. Okay, listen, no toilet paper Is a privilege. Is crazy. Yeah. What? But I did have to wipe, my mom had to wipe my butt at an abnormal age because, well, I don't know why, but, because that's what I said. Why would I get my hands dirty? Man? I don't know how old I was, but I know I was old enough to remember opening the door and being like, mom, can you come white me? And that's too old man. That's too old.


That's too old. Mom. Come White, please God. Don bring me some steak and some butter. I had too. Oh my God. You guys one the craziest bro. She my butt. You cut me some steak. Gave some butt because I'm not the bud night. What? You remember when you stopped, stopped having your mom wipe? No, I, there was a time where I was like, it's my time to shine. It's my time to wipe. I Feel like I remember the first time What I do. I, because I I have like a vivid memory of that too. You Remember the first time you wiped your own butt? What though? That's so to You, you guys were All way too old for this.


I remember one time. No, you're just too old to remember. I was gonna say that. No, I, I remember like calling my dad one time and he's on the phone and he was like, Hey, I gotta go. And he like hung up and then I remember thinking like, like having like some sort of embarrassment that he had to come do it for me and that was the end of it. But I was probably still only like three. You were on the phone with him? No, I I Don't have phones. No, no, no. I called him from the bathroom and he's on the phone. Oh. It was like told whoever was On phone would like What were you asking for instructions? How does this work? You are, these Days these kids just do a YouTube tutorial. That's a lot easier. The moment I need to find some like 4-year-old half to wipe your body.


Step one, you'd see her come from the stall next to you. Oh No. Yeah. No. Are you okay at this point? I think we can talk about this. 'cause I think it's pretty locked in. So at this point, are you enjoying, okay, great. Maverick had bleeped again. Sorry. Congratulations. Maverick. Yeah, Maverick and Harper. They're, they're trying to see the schedule. I just assumed it's, it's locked in Ma Harper. We're always competing to see who can get bleep the most. I guess it's true. I mean you can even like sometimes even after you. Yeah. Or they like don't wanna announce like you guys, I don't wanna Leave. No, you're gonna have, it's fine. We're done talking about it. I don't wanna leave home. We don't have To talk about it. Oh you, oh my gosh. I'm sorry you're Not a little excited.


Yeah. Have y'all ever broke your collarbone? No. No. Easy to snap in half. Oh really? That's good To know. Should we try Cassius? Yo. I don't wanna break. My collarbone is like the one bone I don want keep. Yeah, that thing sounds horrible to break. Lanny. What's like your favorite part of your childhood with your brothers though? Was there any good part or was it all like traumatic? Let me think. Let me dig really deep. What the into the good part Depth. You guys ever do any sports? We all did TaeKwonDo. Well he did until like Maverick and Cash would use said knowledge in fights at home with each other. I broke his arm. Doesn't teach you crap.


I broke his arm again. Maverick. Then I broke his leg. Broke like every bone in Cash's body. What? Yeah. Yeah. He hit him with a motorcycle. He Was just a weak little kid. Okay. He, I was four. He was three years. I think you were three four. I don know you were little. I was three or four. Why was he on a motorcycle? I'm riding my motorcycle. That's quickly asked. I'm like three or four years old. I have training wheels on my motorcycle and this guy rams into me and we're not talking electric motorcycle. It's a gas powered actual like, I don't know, 75 motorcycle. No, it's like legit. That's Crazy. Yeah. Y'all's parents are crazy. That's crazy. Yeah, just got across the dirt bike track. I hit him, ran him over, broke his leg. Broke his leg. That's crazy. Then I broke your arm. You Just told me this story Then I broke your arm 'cause I shoved you onto a couch.


Le Laney told me this story. Like this was last Sweet. And I broke your arm when I kicked it. Yep. Kicked it in half. No you did not kick. Oh my gosh. He claims he broke my arm by kicking it at like eight years old. He, he kicked me. I fell down and slammed That was made and Slammed it on a thing. He thinks he kicked so hard at eight years old that my arm stabbed. Oh my goodness. And this guy thinks he actually popped my arm outta socket. I did pop your arm out. So Marick also thinks I hit it on the ground. He can Put leaves back on And you also had to kick your motorcycle because he got so mad at falling. I Kicked my motorcycle. Do You think do that math, didn't he Motorcycle. You can not put a lead back on a tree. Have You ever heard of a staple gun or glue or like anything? Remember when you were what? 15 You kicked your mom like, oh, Laney just told me this story this weekend that I feel like sums up y'all's childhood based on every story I've heard.


This is like the perfect one. I don't even remember Little Miss Laney goes outside with her book. Well Now You can stop right there. That's what everyone always thought. Little Miss Laney. Perfect. Laney Lalaney sitting outside reading a Book. They were breaking each other's bones on dirt bikes while I was enrolled for the summer reading program at the library. So like that is the difference between our childhood. Okay. That's a you keep to yourself. La I wouldn't flex that if I was you like on my library card. Let's Get It was a competition. Yeah. Not much. That's even worse. And I don read the most. She won the Competition. I got the prizes. So yeah. What was the prize? I get the prizes. I don't remember. Yeah. Do you Remember anything you read? But Go ahead and finish the traumatic story.


Okay. So it Was off for nothing. Oh no. So like I walking outside like with my book, I'm reading on the swing set like I'm vibing having a chill, peaceful day. All of a sudden blood curdling screams. No. From the woods. Yes. No. Like I'm convinced someone has died. I don't think so. Yes. Yes. And I'm like running inside. My heart is racing. I'm like, they're they're they're dying. Something's happening. And so mom and dad like run to the creek to check on these two. I don't remember this. And cash Maybe is Throwing bricks. What the at Maverick. Like actual bricks that you build houses with. Am I the drum?


What He's chunk them at Maverick. And Maverick is like hiding behind boulders. Like dodging like a freaking obstacle course. Cassius Fury. Yeah. You started Stone Me. I read this in the Bible. Come here man. No. And that's when we had a fun family meeting about how if things like this happen we're all gonna get taken away by Child Protective Services. I had two bad talks with my dad about how I'm gonna get CPA caught on him. 'cause ICPI killed my brother with a brick. CCPs. Oh CPS The CPA's, the That's an accountant. Yeah. The accountant Is gonna come deal with you tonight. We're Tired of this.


We're called a cpa. Whatever our child protective services are gonna get. Oh, I'm gonna get all of us taken away Because of my actions. Yeah. And how I'm gonna go to jail. That was a separate talk. Did you get the jail talk? Never got the jail talk. I never got the jail talk either. I just wasn't, I wasn't dogging on you. No, here I am not in jail. Although the other day, I mean I wasn't like risking jail but like low key. I was happy. I was with Alex who's a lot bigger and cash was even bigger. And I was like, it's a good thing they're with me. 'cause Loki, we were picking fights at the best smoke court. Oh my gosh. Mad with m Matt. Matt was looking for a fight and I was not. This guy was being mean. Okay. This guy feeling, feeling No, he'd be mean to the other kids.


No. No. And Mav no, he was being mean to Moses. Moses had set out like, wait, pull your mic down little. He had set out like three games. Yeah. Anyways, these kids at the basketball court, you know, you sit out at the basketball court, we play out eight people play at a time. Four on four winner stays. So once a team loses, you lost me four once. I'm sorry, four new people are supposed to make a team and go on the court. You know, the four people that didn't get a play, this one kid, because he has next, he picks up people that already played because, just lost. Because he thinks they're better players than the kids that have been waiting. Oh. And he does this every time. He always picks up people that he thinks that are already playing that are better. Is this recent or Yeah.


Yeah. This is like, yes. They Say that no one likes him and Moses. Nobody like Moses. No, no, no, no, no. Nobody likes cash. No, no, no. The bad kid. Bad kid. Bad kid. Moses was waiting. Moses, Moses had been sitting out a while. Oh. And so wanted play. He should have got to play. So Moses got mad at the bad kid. No, Moses didn't get mad at all. I got mad for Moses. You got in cash, didn't do anything. Cash didn't cash, didn't do anything. Cash. Do not. Now MA's being a little extra, you could be like, you could walk up to bad kid and be like, we've all done it. And be like, Hey, that is like, you can't do that. Like everybody said that to him. And he's just like, oh, you know, like I just want, wait, how old is this kid? Like 21. 20. So, oh, okay. Instead, Mave took this route every time.


That, 'cause you've all told him. And I told him then too. I told him that first. Yeah. I said, are you serious bro? Yeah. And every time, so the game goes on every time. Bad kid, like misses a shot. Maverick was like air ball. And then I was like, I see you took the high road. Yeah. So like, we'll just call him James. So I was like, oh, a classic James. Play a miss. Oh my God. It was crazy. And then after, and keep in mind these are, they're not friends. No, no, no. They do not like each other. And then after that, his team wins. And so it's our team mem Alex and this other kid to play against him. The people he didn't pick. Oh, I was so excited. It was Matt play against him. It was Maverick and Alex and this other kid that he didn't pick.


And then I was up next too. Now I should have been blocking this other guy who's a little better than that kid. But I said, cash goes, Hey, you need to block this guy. I go, no, no, no, I want that one. And Maverick, the whole first play, we go, I had to set, I had to set Marick, sets the kid all the way to the ground and makes him face play. Who, I had to set an example of how this game's gonna go because, oh no. And everyone saw everybody's like, oh no, be a game. I should not. I listen, first off, I didn't mean to knock him down. Second didn't mean to knock him down. I find that it was basketball difficult. First off, it's basketball. Sometimes you get knocked out. Sometimes you get knocked down. Just get punched, man. Yeah. Really not. No.


Genuinely. Genuinely. The only thing that I really see that I did wrong outta the whole thing, if I'm being honest, was when we were walking at, at the end of the game, I said, good game. Wait, wait, wait, wait. No. Pause. Pause. Okay. After it's our turn to come up, they beef the whole time while we're playing, our team ends up winning against the team that he thought was better. The guy that picked them over, the other people. So go. Okay. Yeah. So we beat him. So at the end, you know, I'm like, oh, guess you chose the wrong teammates. And it's like pitch blackout now. 'cause it's like nighttime. So then everybody's going home. So as we're walking to the car, I'm like, Hey, good game everybody except you, bro. Oh, it calls me off on, up to you, man.


So then, no, that's terrible. We're walking away. And his brother, his brother yelled. So there, he's like, Hey, what? Why are you walking away? And er was like, oh, now you're walking away or something. And I, this is, I probably should said, this Is stressing me out. This is, I'm now Stressed out. I was like, he's probably apologized for this one. I was like, I'm walking away. And you're balding bud. He Said that. Yes. He said, he not my best mom. He goes, yeah, and you're balding. And the guy responds. I know. He goes, yeah, I know. Okay. No way. Wait, Which one was balding? The older brother. Yeah. Cool. I didn't have any problem with him. No, he's cool. Yeah. Yeah's cool Betsy on The, and I don't think he was like mad, but he was just probably trying to defend his whole brother bit.


Hey bro, Matt's gonna get me kicked outta my whole basketball group that I play with like five times a week. Because they, everyone's cool. Except that guy, they, they know I have this podcast, so, oh, that's great. He's gonna be you. Was this you? Well he's gonna up, up do me and the other players like Ka Ka. There was a team that was going like undefeated like six rounds. But me and all the other people would pick up the people that were waiting. And then when it was this guy's, so everyone a chance to play, It was, He didn't do that. And so I was just like, dude, we've been playing like that for like, that's like, it's just courtesy. Like, come on bro. This, This hits a chord with me because I always got picked. You're the last Pick. Yeah. So I was just like, did Still To this day. I mean if you're picking her for any sort of agility.


Yeah. Hitting power. Walking. Walking. Literally. Walking. Maybe pick somebody else. Like Let's see if she Can Let's, you can Catch something man. No, This is form of bullying. Oh no. Alright. If it's breakable, don't throw it at me. It's a pretzel. Okay, that's A pretzel. Ready? Yeah. One hand. I was ready for that. I'll get you that one. Right. Why are you, first of all, look at her. Don't touch this like this. This is exactly, This how you play basketball. It's not gonna Catch. She's gonna fall in her hands. What different Levels. It's gonna be kind of a difficult catch. You gotta get it ready. But there's a no. I'm Gonna be like, This Mic is in my way.


Okay. Ready? Yeah. What? That was really fast. Ready? That Was a fast pretzel. Yes. Pretzel. Don't do this to me. Oh no. Come on. Are you serious? You're fine, you're fine. They're bullying her. I, We caught it. I caught, okay. Softball distinction. Oh My gosh. I touched that One. Nope. Can't catch anything. You literally can't catch anything. I thought my administration wasn't gonna be, That would grazed my thumb. But This is pretty crazy. Like, come on one and I've got one. Throw one at me, throw one at me. She's gonna throw as hard as she can.


What the fuck? Over here. Alright bro. Take glass too. That's weird. Over here. You, That's weird. You can't catch it. You thrower, You can you throw It. I try to catch you off guard. Guard her her softball and sees. Do You have one? No bro. Your Wife and wife would crush you Guys at baseball. Ready? Okay. What? You didn't see Half it goes. Oh, she caught it. It fell on my shirt. Alright, that to Matt. Perfect. No to me. Ready? Well this is, whoa. All my over hand is crazy.


Alright, go Kate. You have good hands. Oh, walked Harper. Lemme try. That's why. Why? I wasn't catching it. Okay. That was a little too good. That was a little too fast. How fast doing Mom and dad are fighting? Mom, dad Fighting Harper do something. Dad deal. Usually not again. Don't. Faster. Faster. Oh no. Okay. Harper, are you athletic? Oh yes she does cheer. No. Oh no. God. Let's do one more Test. Lanny. Try to catch one man. Did you get one? I was gonna eat those. This isn't even fun because I'm on keto so I can't even eat those.


Oh, don't eat that. Oh, did she easily get eat that? Just Kate? Yeah, Just the taste. Yeah, they're both on keto. I can't think if you wasted all these pretzels. Are you trying to get Pregnant too? No, we don't waste em. We put 'em back in and we'll eat 'em later. What the, you missed again? Dang It. Let me, let me, how look, because I'm on keto too. I'm trying to think. These are the salts on, these are kind of bingy. What's inside of them? Peanut Butter. Peanut butter. I'm allergic. No you're not. Yeah. Okay. Alright. What were we talking about to Jackie? You want, wait. No. Someone actually literally made a clip of Maverick eating on an episode and said Petition for Maverick to stop eating on the podcast because he smacked So bad. Does he gaslight everybody? I don't Like this.


Wait, what is it? Jerky Jo. She on the wall. Oh hey we can have this. We can, can't we? But that's spicy. Yeah, You Can. Oh, here you go. Carrot pepper. No, I want teriyaki. I want A, has have some sugar, but not a lot. No, You're allowed, that's like the one thing You can eat on keto Is like beef jerky. I would eat that is spicy. Ke Yeah. Don't, I don't like spicy. Spicy stock. Spicy. This is teriyaki. I love spicy stuff way too much. I do wanna try. I very, It's actually really good Teriyaki. Could I? I haven't had that one. Oh this. You can tell it's good jerky if it's like the chewy. No, if it like is bendy right? It's not really hard. This is some bendy beep Jerky. It's bendy.


It's like those bendy pencils. That is very good. So just test the next one. Not spicy. Lemme try peppered. Do you wanna try someone Teriyaki? I'll try. I just tried Ter what up? Oh, the peppered one is good 'cause there's like not the sugars in it. Oh really? Mm Dude. Next episode. We should see how many bags deep Turkey it takes to stop an arrow. That Ben. Hey Lenny, can I shoot? Can I shoot an apple off your head? Nope. Why? Well we have, we brought a bow. I think he's asked me this every year of his life. We Got a bow. No, we, we actually planned this 20. That's 32 times. I'm gonna need you to hold this on your head. He's 32, right? Of course. I'm gonna need you to hold this on your head.


Okay? Okay, Go ahead. Okay, Here we go. I'm surprised this is going as best well as I Can. I didn't expect her to get this far. Do you also get, get still get P PR from prime. This is crazy. I can't believe she's gonna let you do this. Do you even remember how to shoot it? No. Okay. Alright, Here we go. You pull that trigger with the thumb and it fires. Okay. Oh my goodness. What the whatcha doing? Well, who's still sitting there? This is crazy. Yeah, bro. You might wanna watch out. I'm not moving until I'm done. Like jerky. Alright, Here we go. What? No, no. Stop. Why? Ready? Oh my God. Cover your eyes. What the No, we, oh my goodness.


What did you just do? You can't. Oh my goodness. You could have killed her. You actually could've killed her. Why did you do that? Why did you that you did not. Why did you do that? No, That's not true. Why Did you Wait? I didn't think it was a real arrow. Me either. Somebody popped it like behind me. You did Not shoot me with an arrow. Oh my God. Just shot you with an arrow. No I didn't. Oh My God. De I Don't believe you NoHo me back in the wall.


It looked kind nice. Oh no, don't worry. I didn't give him much power. You, I didn't give him much power. Don't worry. Shot in the wall. I Don't know what power is to you. I would've trusted Maverick. You obviously, you obviously trusted me. You stood there. I Don't believe you. Somebody popped the balloon from behind my head. Didn't they? They what? Where's arrow? He shot it. Yes they did. Yes. That's what happened. Oh my. That actually terrified me When you were pulling back, bro. You were aiming at, at her head. I did see a little bit of fear in Maverick's Eyes. Why Don, you allowed that. Do we stop him? Do I let him kill my sister? That could have been so bad. Could have gone through your skulls. No, let me tell you something. As long as it didn't hit your eyeball, we were fine.


Yeah. Maverick can't contest that. Eyeball is The worst spot to hit. I I dearly died. Yeah. Pop up the clip of Magan hit in the eyeball. That, that was awesome. But not With the arrow. No, no. That was the water. You would've killed him With that. You didn't see what happened to my eye. I had blood coming down my face. Oh, I saw you that night. He Shot me in the eye. That water gun. That was an accident. You guy with water. Pathetic, right? I don't think it was an accident. You can, I think you just didn't know it was gonna hurt him as badly as it did. Okay. Yeah. And listen to this new thing that I'm going to say. I would like to formally apologize for shooting that at your head because to be fair, I I put it back. Wait, hold on dude.


I was terrified. I pulled it back like here. That's all I did. This thing's supposed to go like way back here. Don't fire it from back there. And I pulled it back just like this. And I was like, there's no way this goes very far at all. Yeah. It's stuck in the wall. Dude, I was terrified. I was like, if he doesn't pull it back far up, it's just gonna go p back into your head when he pulls it back too far and it doesn't hit your head. It's going so weird. And LA are about to go on America's Got Talent. Dude that crazy. I'm Gonna shoot some crazy things off her head because she, because she's got trust in this not move. Yeah. LA's real stupid. So you've been looking for a person like that last, he tried that with the last guest. It didn't work. Oh no, I'm just su like, why did you let that happen? You never, I still don't think you did it.


Are you serious? Do you see the hole in the wall shot bang off your head? You wouldn't do that to me though. You know, I would think if you would've asked me like five minutes ago, I'd have like, yo, I would never shoot an arrow with a sharp tip at my sister's head. But like, you know, things have changed. I don't know. I close my eyes. Harper. You wanna hold the Have my eyes closed? Yeah. I, We have in here A liability that is, yo, I see Cat holds one between his legs and you shoot it. What the, between those? That Sounds fair. Yeah. No, my goodness. As we just Now is not a great time to tell you that.


I probably haven't shot a bow in like 10 years. So. Yeah, she'll Be, that's great. That's good. Here you wanna shoot the target? Shoot the target. Oh God. I feel like if I'm gonna do this, go for it. Everyone should move out of this ity. We're we're, we're moving. Lastly we're gonna go in the other room. Alright. That Might be safe. Just maybe Here, stand right here. This is not gonna hold us. Go anywhere actually. And then there's no way she can pull it back. No, she's gotta pull it back. Just that's the wrong direction. You have it backwards. What? There you go. What the heck was that? What does what Shma, what Does Shama, Should we make what? The shma shirts? Yeah. And then literally wait, what does shi just Pull it back like this.


Okay. That's all. It's gotta go. It's all it's gotta go Now Harper move. Okay. Whoa Kate, you might also wanna move. No, I trust. I trust I gotta Back up a little bit. This back up a little bit. Oh. Oh no. Whoa. Be careful with that. Here We go. Watch out guys. Alright, wait, now pause. I trust you. Hit hit the orange dot right there. It's very simple, right? Oh no. Oh gosh. Oh no. You got this Lenny. It's gonna hit your leg when you let go the bottom of it. Hold the thing up. Yeah, there you go. Heavy. Alright, Here we go. You got it. You might stand up. This Is so Kae interview. No, it's still on your leg.


It can't touch your leg. You don't gotta pull it far back. Yeah, I'm sure She's Still you. Save on That was actually what I expected. I'm not Get him next time. Oh okay. I'm really nervous about where you're sitting right now, dude. I'm fine. You know, so laugh is not real. I that I'll let you shoot something Off my head. It's not real. Yeah, I think everybody's safe here. As long as you're three feet away. Oh my God. How do you pull this thing back? Alright, You got this, You got this. I'm pretty sure it's okay to put it On my leg.


Here we go. Yeah, probably at that, that range. Not much is really happening. No, it's just like not gonna happen. I don't think it's like possible. Does is seriously let Go. There you go. Let go. Okay. I got a Better idea. Stay there. Stay there. She's tired. I got a better Idea. Like she's tired. She's tired. You're gonna use this. That's not gonna help her. Yeah, it will help her. Alright, Here we go. Oh, I dont know if this is touch this. It's got fire. What? Very gentle. Really? It's a, it's a hair trigger. I don't like your butt right here. Your butt does things Cash.


Get that. Get that outta here. Now you loaded like this cash if you're loaded. I swear. Get that outta my face. I swear I'm gonna kill you Now That's like the teacher butt. I know. Like as soon as you it present face. I How did they do? That's got more arch than like, Here we go. Here we go. Gate. Oh my God. I don she did You mean to, this Should be illegal. You shoulda have to have a license to own this. What happened? You said putting pressure and I was like I touched it. Wait.


Yeah. Let me try that. In between your legs. No, that cash. She held a Balloon on her head and he shot it. Yeah. Look, you wouldn't believe it. There's A hole wall where the arrow went Above head. It sounds, but she raced her life for no reason and she doesn't even get paid off this. You trusted Him enough. Watch the pretzel on the carpet. Hey mom. Dad, Why Don do y'all sit down, sit down here real quick. Oh My gosh. We got a balloon. I swear I don't normally look like this. I swear I don't normally look like this. No, that's For everyday fit, right? She, she just got a spray tan. Did y Hear like 500?


I've Never seen like 400. Don't you like one? She shot me in The head with an arrow In your life. Life. Like two. See a little hole. That's where the arrow went guys. Marick. What It was cash. Cash steam. No, I don, I lowkey would've been okay with it if it was Maverick. Maverick's got good a Cash. You don't have any good. You a all the time. I got a Did you let him shoot something off your head? Yes she did. I'll demonstrate what you wouldn't believe it but it happened. So imagine ladies Honeyed you into that.


She just, she goes, okay, jerky. She's be jerking your mouth going. If you give beef jerky, You'll do her off. This Is what happened. She stood right here. I went Chase, he did that. I did not. I don think he was gonna do it. Right. Did my aim is even amazing, right? Well right now. Wow. It was getting lower. Just My art. I'm sorry but that's kind of how it went. But I was more accurate the last time. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well that's great. How Would you felt if you would've killed your sister on the weekend of your brother's?


We had this conversation. We Did thing. Let her talk. Yes, there was a hockey player this week. We talked about this. They got killed. Two hockey brothers and their sister was getting married the next day. I was like, well if Cash or mar if cash or Lany died Friday, then Maverick can't get married Saturday. What? You can still get married if I die. I already got my marriage. Actually. I 72 hours. I saw still 72 hours. As long as I'm still the best man in the Ashes vase. Now I'm cool. Okay, that's fine. Can I have the arrow? Yeah. Yeah. You, you Gave me pointy that at people like that. Yeah. You're, you're, you're a little too confident with that Arrow Harper. How are you doing? Good, how are you?


I'm wonderful. She's straight out the insane asylum right now. Wonder what's Going on. Stay. I think I saw this exact outfit at New York Fashion Week. Yeah. Yeah. Because somebody had escaped. They were escort out. They Were escorted out of the building shortly after It was there. It was there nonetheless. Yeah, it was After the trash bag outfit. Oh wow. You remind me of a dude we saw running down the street. He was running down the street and he was like, Hey, you guys got somewhere I Can stay. Oh wow. Cash said, nah man. And about 30 seconds later the police come down the street go. Have you seen his man? It sounds fake, but it's true. No, he said he just escaped the asylum.


Yeah. And I was like, no, I've seen nothing. But Alright guys, thank you so much for this episode. We'll see you next time. Bye.