
So I had started my period the day after our wedding. We were on our honeymoon at this like super, super nice all-inclusive resort and I fell asleep one night. And I don't even


Flex your business with an American Express Business Gold card, you'll earn four times membership rewards points on your top two eligible spending categories like transit and electronics each month on up to 150 K in combined purchases per year. Plus You can now earn three times membership rewards, points on flights and prepaid hotels booked on Amex travel.com terms and points, cap apply. Learn more at american express.com/business-gold. Amex Business Gold. Built for business by American Express.


Oh, it was a bed filled with blood everywhere. It was like someone that was stabbed in this bed. Then the hotel staff is on the door and cash and I, We ran out. I didn't know what to do. I panicked. I We Were in the car, right? I was in the verge of tears. I'm holding Stella, I think she's gonna die. And Maverick's like while driving and I was like, why are you filming? She's gonna die. And he was like, what if she dies? This is gonna be the best TikTok ever. And I was like, oh, What's up guys? Welcome back to another episode. This is our third intro because everybody just keeps stopping. No, because ma, this is, I don dunno why every time Maverick tries to start the episode before anyone's ready. Yeah. I'm like just trying to get in my box and Mav is like talking to himself and the mic and then he is like, guys, we started five minutes ago and none of us are paying attention.


I'm just talking. Hello? A new shoe. Who this? It's a crazy shoe. Who painted that is? Well I was trying to paint it Smurf themed and then Cash ruined it and so I had to Did you Make it Smurf theme them because you're tiny. Wow, That joke. Okay. No, it's because I'm blue. My life is always just blue. She's a blue, blue in the blue world. Everything. She's up Christmas. Wait, what's going on please stop. Wait you guys, oh this is so much chaos. In 10 seconds please stop everybody. No, check my shoe. You We're all able to come up with a song about blue.


Hold on. Wait, check it out. Look, this, this is the one I painted. Can you show the One Painted You didn't. I painted a Mr. Beast shoe. No you didn't. It was you. It had to be YouTube. No you didn't. You did. Yes I did. Yeah, It says, It says, wait. Really? Do you like it? Tell me the flames aren't hard. You Didn't paint that. The flames go hard. I did paint this. Yes they did. It's on the club channel. Y'all will see it. If you guys have it, go subscribe to LOL club. Wanna see mine? My, you get to watch more of our faces, LOL Club, YouTube channel. Go get a subscribe. We're trying to hit 1 million subscribers. Yeah, I painted this. How many subscribers are we At? All by myself. Million Blue. Hey camera. Zoom in on this thing. Hey, you're shoes. My shoe. Your shoe?


Yeah. Alright, I'll get Kate's shoe. This is Kate's shoe. It Was YouTube them. So I did LOL podcast. A. Yeah. And there was goog eyes and everything but math threw my shoe at the wall like five times. So the googly Eyes saw. Listen, you guys can go. No I didn't. Just throw your shoe. You guys will see why I threw her shoe. Go watch the video to see the disrespect she put on my name. She did, she did. Anyways, here's Kate's shoe. It's a little podcast themed. She has Kenzie. Why is Maverick gone on there? Kate And Kenzie are on this side. Harper and Cash are on this side. And then Maverick's on the bottom of the shoe, which was Mav disrespect, but he rubbed off now and, And for some reason Mav didn't let me win that round. And you know what? I think these shoes are pretty hype and I wore these to dinner today and or lunch today.


And Kate was like, cash please go change to a we Wanna to a nice restaurant. Nice restaurant. Yeah, these are nice shoes. They Were going to Perry's and he was like, I wanna wear my YouTube Shoes. Nice shoes for Is Matter Baker or Mr. Beast? Ma Mr. Beast, don't get tested. What? You thought this was Ma Baker? Yeah, that's why I gave you extra points. Oh, well anyways, what the Guys can I go get? It's just right there. Could I go get my Sephora shoe? Why do you always ask permission to stand up Harper? Because I don't wanna annoy y'all and be a dismissal So we can plug our nose when she walks by. What the what the She smells really bad. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie. Your Sephora shoe unit seemed very Sephora themed.


What the heck? Yeah, after You left they were like dogging on it. They were like Dog in shoot. Just a little. I like this side. This side's good. Yeah, ob. Okay. Are y'all kidding me? Wait, hold it up to the camera. I Can really see no show the other side. Okay. No, because I don't want to, but this side is good. This is cool. It has this side is good. Yeah. Yeah. Show the other side though. Do you know what this side, do you know what this is? Okay. You know I actually looked at that today and I did not know what it was. Flow Recipe? Yes. Okay. What is this? Sold De Janeiro. Yes. Okay. That was crazy fast. And I was gonna do more, but we didn't have enough time. This is a good shoe. This is better than, it's better than That. She Wha Oh wha Oh, okay.


All right. But I think it's cool. I would wear it out. Kate, you make so much noise. She's just like, What's happening? What? Oh, excuse me. Excuse me. Kate, are you okay? What are you doing Kate? These are hard. Kate, I'm throwing this shoe at you in three somebody. Oh, mad. She'll get mad. She'll get mad at me. Throw that shoe. Do it. Do it. Do it. I'll deflect. Deflect it. I know that score. How does everything always hit me? I don't understand Guys. That's so cool. I can't believe I made that shoe. That is A good shoe. I think I should wear this shoe out to lunch next time. What's top? That one's kind of cool. It is Lowkey kind of cool. It's lowkey like that probably is expensive.


Yeah, I I, yeah. If you guys saw someone wearing this shoe, you would think it's like a $500 shoe. I don't think so. You lowkey would because it's like, it's one of those like designer shoes. You To wear this. You would think it's a $500 shoe. No, that'd be like They painted on that. They Painted on that. That one's like, there's no way they painted that badly. So it must be an expensive, like one of those like Golden Goose CHS that's supposed to look ratty. I love Golden Goose. Golden Goose. Golden Goose is Cute. Look, ratty Goose the biggest scam in the entire world. Buying a shoe that looks used, you're literally buying a shoe that has scuff marks on it is, I would say, which is a crazy marketing scheme. Just absolutely crazy. And you know what? People buy it. Yeah. People that are what What the You're calling me stupid? Yeah, No, I'm kidding. But seriously, I don't really get it.


You spend more money to buy a shoe that looks like it's used. You know, Half of our viewers probably have Golden gooses Half. Well, you got got by the system. Well, if someone wants to gimme some golden Gooses, I'm fine with that. I already sell 'em. I never Take of Golden Gooses Golden Goose sponsor this show. Have you ever Seen me wearing Golden Gooses? Don't let that be a reflection of what Cash said because I do not agree with that. Well question you like are all of their shoes look used? Yes. Or just All of them? Oh, one pair is a queen. My sister had that one, one pair. I actually don't know. I've never really like shopped At Golden Goose. It, it's so super expensive. That's why nobody really shops there. But like, except for you. No, no, no, no. I I, I did it for a treat for myself for like getting my first brand deal. So it was like 22. That was what you bought for my first brand deal.


I was like, I got my money. I'm gonna buy Golden Uses. What was your first brand deal? Hal. That was your first one? Yeah. Wow. It Sure was. You guys know why we're filming today? Not really. It's kind of Friday, you Guys it film Tuesday? No, we're filming today because we were supposed to film an episode. Was it yesterday? No, two days ago. Bad. And it didn't get filmed because Stella Something. Why? What What problem? He literally was looking like this. I wouldn't bring that up. No, I'm just saying Stella almost died after the podcast. The first one we filmed, she had Cleaning supplies. What the, listen after the, the podcast we filmed we're up here just like taking a break for like 10 minutes before the next episode.


Kenzie goes and lets Stella out of her crate for a little bit and Cash is on his phone and he kind of looks up and we're all on our phones and he looks up and he goes, Hey om, yo, your dog standing funny. And I look, I Saw It is weird. Stella's standing like this. She was, she was trying to seduce me. Oh my God, that's what I thought in the moment. And then, and and then she fell over and I was like, I don't think she's trying to seduce me anymore. She's trying to seduce Me. And, and so we're looking at this dog like Uhoh because y'all know Stella is an athletic beast. She's not something that just like falls over unintentionally. Yeah, she's not like Kate. Well she does fall over Quite often. Well yeah, but after she's jumped like 20 feet in the air, then sometimes she falls.


So we're like, uhoh this isn't good. So we're like, well we'll just give it a minute. Maybe she's just like messing around or something and Then we like try to play a toy with her. Yeah, we're trying to play with a toy and she's just like falling everywhere. We're Like, but she's still trying to jump on but Jump like, oh no, Stella's drunk but she wasn't drunk so we, we ended up taking her to the vet and the vet ended up giving her some medicine and Stella felt all better. Well You're literally missing everything Every Down. But Kenzie thought her dog was dead. I thought she Was dying. I thought she had like a brain tumor. A brain aneurysm. Like, you know, she has been known to butt her head into a two by four fence. So I thought maybe she had a concussion in that she was dying and Marick was like Ella, she I have a question.


I have a question that may maybe if it's gonna cause issues don't answer. But when you thought Stella might not be okay, were you low key excited? I Like low key on the low. I was like, this is gonna be really bad in the short term. You know what? In short term, but in the long term plan, this might be okay. No long term It would've been bad too because then you would've had a baby Stella, which you might have one in the future anyways. But Stella, no. You Gonna save your kid Stella? No, can't do that. Naming Your kid after your dog is crazy. Listen, I'll purposely adopt a kid that's allergic to dogs. Okay. Oh that's no you won't. Strategy. No You won't. That doesn't a good strategy. I'm gonna adopt doesn't kid that's allergic to pickles.


I do not like pickles. Please adopt me. Do you? Are you allergic to pickles? Are to dogs? Both. Well gimme your papers. I'll sign them down. Fine. I gonna talk to Kate because none Allall. Listen. Registered Kate. No I We Got, were in the car, right? I'm on the verge of Tears. Heard anything about the car ride? Yeah, I was on the verge of tears. I'm holding Stella. Her hand is in my head. In the arms. Arms of Kinzie. That's Stella singing In her head. Her head is in your hand. Her head is in my hand. Okay. And like if I were to let go her head with M Wait, where's your hand? You know, done What was really sad was her mouth was so Dr. Dr I know. And so I'm holding her there. I think she's gonna


die. This episode is brought to you by Tinder. Sometimes the best relationships start with moments you didn't see coming. Ever been on a date and underestimated the three chili peppers on the menu. Your date felt so bad. They suggested ice cream to cool things down. What started as a spicy disaster ended up being one of the best Tinder dates ever. Explore all the possibilities for yourself. Tinder. It starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets b2b, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


welcome To NATA Island. Nice on Metro's NATA Island podcast. I almost fainted when the four new bombshells arrived for free Samsung Galaxy A 16 5G phones at Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Oh thanks God. He is. That's Wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro Plus Tax. Bring four numbers in an ID and sign up for any metro flex plan. Not available currently at T-Mobile or been with Metro in the past 180 days.


And I'm just like, it's okay. Keep it together Kenzie. And I'm like not crying 'cause I strong will you know, and Maverick's like while driving and I was like, I was like, I thought he was being kind and I like look at her face and I was like, no, her eyes are open, she's fine. And he was like, oh okay, that's great. And he keeps going and I was like, why do you have the flashlight on? And he was like, oh I'm filming. And I was like, why are you filming? She's gonna die. I mean was was like, what if she dies this to me the best TikTok ever. I was like, I did not say that. I was like, oh nine's what? I thought I did not say that. I didn't say that. That's like Logan Paul right there. Did not say that. No, I did not say that.


He didn't say it just like that. Didn't say that. But that was premise. Wait, did not say that you, I just said no. Oh this might make a good brain or no, not brain tumor. This might make a good, make a good video. Just might make a good brain tumors crazy. Not obviously if she died I wouldn't be able to post it for a long time. But for a long And see he was kind of right because hey, hey, it would make a good video. I'd love to see it now. Cash. Yeah, You got booger. Let me see. We all have boogers. Kate, turn, turn your face. Turn Under his nose. Oh my God. Y'all can say what you want about me being insensitive. But Harper over here still there literally posts on her Snapchat story still there. It's still There. Catch There was never anything there. No, there is something. Are y'all, y'all following me? Y'all me? I can't see anything. Ew. That's so gross.


Nobody else can see it either on the film. So let's move on. Okay, well now that's in the cre of your mouth. Ew. Ew. I taste booger now. I did it before so you didn't really help Me. Okay, well Oh this was crazy Dude. I don't wanna be thrown under the buzzer me that No Was. You're so far into the Bus. Deserve. It was. So it was crazy guys, after Mav and Kinzie take Stella to the vet, we had ordered a bunch of food for the next episode. Oh Yeah. We were gonna do a muck bang. So we ordered $300 of McDonald's, we're at McDonald's and it buts Matt McKenzie obviously had to go to the vet so we couldn't film the episode. And so we told Harper, we were like, Hey, if you have any friends that wanna come over and like eat some dinner, like let them know.


She posts this on her private story was, it's like my private story with like 50, it was like a private story with like 30 friends. Okay. Oh yeah, 30 friends. She posts it and first she takes a picture of all the food on the kitchen counter and the next snap is this. And I'll send it to Alex so we can pop it up. But It says, does anyone wanna come eat McDonald's at cash? And Kate's, we ordered it for a video and the dog is dying so now we can't. And that is it. And I turned to her and I said, Harper, like you have to delete that. And she was like, what? Why? I was like, if Stella dies And Kenzie opens up her phone and she sees that like that's gonna make her really upset. And she was like, oh my gosh, you're so right. So Well text it to Alex. Yeah, I, yeah. See I felt bad. And then No, you felt bad.


I felt bad too after what I said. What'd you say That I was gonna show? Wait, you did more on top case dog died. I was gonna say you did more on top of film Stella's death. No, but I really, I really was just kind of like, listen, it's a dog. Oh no, it's Stella's not just a dog. It's Gonna fight a good fight. Listen, she's a part of our family. Consider her your child. What? Consider her your child. 'cause that's what she is. Would you cry if Stella Died? Would I cry Stella died? No. Oh, he would cry because I would cry so much. I would drive him nuts and Then he would cry. I would feel horrible for you. But even that I don't think would make me cry. Should I'd just be like it the dog, someone asked me that about Honey the other day and I'm like, no, he Definitely would. He would.


He would Dog. Oh, cash would for sure. Listen, The only way you would ever catch cash crying over a dog. Is It when you're giving it to me on Christmas morning? No. Okay. I did not cry then. Okay. You lucky he did. No I didn't. If you cried on the way in, you gonna cry on the way out. I'm sick and tired of people saying I cried on Christmas morning giving Kate the dog. Why would I cry giving Kate the dog? What? What would there be there to cry about? Because it was early morning. Be Up. It's Like this is just the most ridiculous thing ever. I should be in bed right now. No, the only time you would ever catch me crying about a dog is like maybe if me and Kate got a dog and we had it for like 10 years and then Kate died and I was like, this is a part of Kate. And then the dog died later on and I was like, well there goes Kate's remains that Happened to my great grandma.


Kids Remains. But that's the only time you might Wait, wait, wait. What? Wait. Yeah. Hold up. You said said your great grandma had a dog who had her remains. What? No, I don, I don't know what you said there, but the la like within the last year of her and her husband being together, they got a dog and then so the dog's like a year old or whatever and and he passes away. And so for the next 14 years she has this dog and in her heart it's like, oh, it's like my last piece of him. And then the dog passed away. Oh that's just so, oh that's sad. Terrible. What? That's terrible. Y y'all don't care at all. Y'all rude jerks Now Whatt Care Cash and Mav have zero heart when it comes to animals.


Zero At all. Literally my heart goes out to your grandma. Not really the animal itself, but the grandma Cash Loves honey. Last night, Cash does. Last night we were in our bedroom and I was like in the bathroom like about to take a shower and he walks out and I was like, where are you going? He's like, I gotta go get my baby. My baby. What? No shot. I don't say that. You said I gotta go get my baby. But he Said it like this. He said it. I gotta go get my Baby. No. Yes. Oh thank you. That makes it a little better. It Was like a little like funny the way You said this. No, I was walking outta the room. No way. She was like, where are you going? And I was like, I gotta go get my baby. Oh my God. God crazy. Imagine He was like, I gotta go get my baby. You Know what I, We didn't say it like that. I'm like, Kenzie's, like, where you going? I'm like, I gotta go get the rat. I gotta go with the beds and Well because You can, You have no emotional connection to Stella.


And to be fair, no offense Kenzie, but your dog is Amazing. Lot to handle. She's a lot to handle. But you know what the best things in life are? Listen, there's some dogs that belong in an insane asylum and then there's dogs like Stella that are on the outside that you wish were in the insane asylum. No, on the fir Maverick just has no emotional connection to Stella. And I really hope you do develop one. Stella's like, listen, she's a great dog. I play Frisbee with that dog. Play Fetch. The dog knows like a thousand words. It knows everything. To be honest, it's Kenzie's fault. She got a dog that's built to be an outside breed to be in inside dog. Yeah. And that dog acts crazy Now Kenzie, If you Google her, she actually is both, she was bred, her breed is bred to both Cuddle and hunt.


What? Cuddle and Hunt. It literally says that on Google. Do you want a dog that can cuddle unlock your I want P is perfect for you. That was great. That's not what It says. It'll say this dog is a working dog. Do not get it. You Have it does not say that. And they said that my dog was bred to sit on Kings and queen laps. Hint why I bought it. Hint, why? It hates cats. I'm a king. What are you doing on Harper's phone? I don't have mine. Why? So we're using Harper's. Yes. Well what are you looking up? He's probably gonna make my search history something and my mom's gonna be in trouble. My mom Checks My search history now. Yes, I know. Well you know what?


I'm very thankful for honey and I love her so much and she's just sitting on the bean bag over there and finding her business. Honey, Honey, let's go. Oh, she's all my friends are coming over to play Smash Bros later. Hey, No. Hey they they're bringing the baby. They're bringing the baby. You can't bring a baby into that environment. What do you need? It's gonna be a great environment. The baby baby can play games. By the way, It says this GSP is a energetic hunting dog. It says it is good to be a gun dog. What is it has lots of energy Honey. Honey. Not meant to be inside in small. It Does not say that at all. Yes. Not meant to be inside in small houses. Small does not do well. This is a small house dog acts in sink.


This is a pretty big house. Harper. What type of breed is your dog? Havanese. Ha. What the Havanese? That sounds like a joke. No, it's a Havanese. You have knees. I Think it, it Havanese. Yeah. How, how many knees did you say it have? Chase is cuddling with the dogs again. Is he talking? Are you the dogs again? I hear him whispering sweet things to the dog. Ew. He touched her tail. And look at the camera. Chase is always caressing the dogs. And It's funny, it's funny because Honey's like so little, but all these grown men, She can't defend herself. All these Grown men walk in and they're like adult men. But they, when they see honey, they're like, hi. No. They literally go, they're like, oh yeah man.


And then that basketball player hit by J Ball. Hi honey. Hi. You're like honey. Oh what just came outta Chase is like have a little honey bun. Yeah, but the the different part chase's saying it to the, the different part about us liking honey and Chase's liking honey is we don't try to sleep with the dogs. What? Okay. Chase tries to sleep with all the dogs. No, it's, no, you just have to go get your baby. That's crazy. It Yeah, he does. Don't let him around your knee dog, Stella, as far as I'm concerned, needs a better life. A place where she can run around. She Literally has the best life she could possibly have. Costa Rica. Yes. Unfortunately You can get rid of st at all either because then we would just have to get another dog for money.


I wanna, and then we still have two, you know, did you Know last night? I do have a confession. Last night I was actually sitting on the Bing bag over there. What dim, which, and I was pet and honey and I was like, maybe we should get another dog. Oh, for honey to have a friend for when? Like when we all live in separate houses. I was thinking about another one. And then, and then the next day Honey threw up and I was like, never. I'm Okay. One does it. She Literally threw up and you walked away and then you came back and it was gone. And it's like it never happened. Yeah. But, but but imagine you were gone and I had to clean it up. Oh, that'd be horrible. So traumatic dude, I couldn't do that Ma. You literally Did. You literally did clean up sells. Throw up Stella, throw up last week. And guess who came downstairs to clean it up?


Maverick Ma can talk trash all he wants and he might not love Stella, but he loves me enough to deal with Stella. And he does all the things. He picks up reports. No part of what you said He picks up her throw up, he takes her out and plays Frisbee. Yes. She kisses my knees and I take her out and play Frisbee and I'm like, run away. Just run. You don't. Fyi. So people don't call me a bad husband again. Maverick should do that for Kenzie. 'cause Kenzie had the dog when you started dating her. So it's like a part of her. And you accepted that Me, I told you bought the dog without your wife's consent. Yes. So if anything No, I told cash every day. I said if we get a dog, I I will take 100% care of it. I will clean it up ifs If it pees please. I was like, no, I don't wanna clean up after dog. I don't wanna clean up after dog. And she was like, I will.


You won't ever have to do it. So I said fine. If I get you a dog. Not, you've never had to do it. And you know what guys? Yes. You had up here in the bargain. I promise. I promise I'll give y'all $15 and I don't break promises. I'll give you $15 if y'all 5,000 and you got a deal, okay, Well no, but like I'm giving you my teacher that So I have 15 thou or $15 and you are going to, you are going to have to guess what this movie's from and I promise I'll give you $15. And I don't ever break a promise What the movie is from if can guess it. What the movie is The line. What movie? The line is from Ready. She kisses my boob. She braids my hair. I love you mom. Everywhere. It's a kid's movie.


My weird teacher. No, no, no. This it's not My movie. No, I've heard this movie. The Grinch. No, I've heard it. She kisses. Say it again. My boob Boo. She braids my hair. I love you mom. Everywhere. She Kisses my what? Boob boos. Yeah. I didn't know what she was saying either. First time I Hired something else and I was like, Oh No, I know it. She Kisses my boob boos. I know it. It's something. What's it from? It's like a, you Only get one guest each. Can you gimme the first letter of the movie? No, it's the first letter. No. Can you say it again? De no. Is it deed? Can you say it again? It does sound familiar. Is it deed? Yo. Why does Chase know this already? Is it she kisses my boob, she braids my hair. I love you Mom. Everywhere. Despicable Me.


Despicable me. Yes. It's Despicable Me. Yes, it's Despicable Me. Cash guessed it first. What? Well He did say it first. I don't have, I don't really Have have Chase also was saying it over. Wait, wait. And he also looked at, wait, wait, wait. Can I see, wait, wait, wait, wait. Can I see your phone real quick Josh? Wait, wait. Yeah. Did you look that Up? Can I see your phone real quick? Wait, wait, wait. Pay me. Let's see your phone. Pay me. I don phone that one. I think You can. I don't have a phone but I didn't. It's outta here. I know. See luckily your face Id works on me. Wait, actually yeah. Yeah. Okay. He put into Google, she kisses my booboos, she braids my hair lyrics and it a despicable Me.


Yep. Despicable. Me too. Me too dude. Okay, cheater. Okay, okay. But no one said I couldn't do that for the $15. I No. So I'm not giving you it because you can't Cheat. You never bring a promise. Remember There's another boogie booger coming out. But I just wanna know why did Chase know Guys? There's another booger. Hey, chase knows. That was pretty good though though. Chase says that to honey every night, bro. Shees my Boob. She's like, she kisses my booboo, she braids my hair. No chase. I like honey everywhere. Oh no. That's Crazy. Chase does not sleep with the honey at all. But what if you could, Hey Harford, you wanna tell me why? On hey, if you ever made honey a doggy account, chase be sliding into the dms for sure.


Oh my gosh. That's a crazy thing to say. That is crazy. Alright, so And he's just laughing over there acting like his reputation's not gonna be ruined. He's like, he's like, wait, What were you saying? Oh, I was just gonna ask why there's these, these edits of you and this guy everywhere. Who? Who? Another that one. Malachi. Yeah. That was Crazy. Malachi. Yeah. Sleep it. I'm guessing you saw my story. I forgot. I forgot the name. Oh, Miss him. Malachi. It's a macho. No. Why was I gonna say macho? Macho. Malachi Macho. No, you gonna say different? You were gonna say a different name. Kate? Yeah. No, no was a different person. Like a guy who I actually talked to in real life. Now he's in jail though.


Oh actually I knew it. It's the Jorts. Just wait, wait. Can you send me, show me a picture of him. Why is He in jail? Wait, I don Dunno if You can Say that's The guy that looks like me. No, what? How Self-centered can one person be? No Maverick's Just like, oh, if Harper found him attractive, I'm sure he must have looked like Me. If there's attractive guy out there that the female species, like he's gonna must look similar to me. Listen, that has came up before. I can't lie. Dude, you're so full of yourself. She showed some, she showed pictures of some dude the other day and I was like, that's crazy. That's crazy. He does not look like you. I'm gonna look this person up. Malachi, show Me.


How does it make you feel that ever since you've gotten married, the fans don't like simp for you anymore? Are you kidding? Actually I feel like it's the opposite. What is it not? What do you mean? They were so, I feel like didn't see any comments about Maverick being cute or anything. Well he has a, until just recently, You know, it's a true thing. Once a guy has taken girls like him more, not married, but like taken. This is, dude, I'm thinking of this. Lemme see. He, his Photos isn't one, one likes Sue cash. Don't Follow him. Is it? I'm not following. Oh, why are you freaking out? But you don't follow the guy you like. He's in jail right now. You can't Do that. He's in jail. He to Harper your dude's in jail. I mean that's just don't like anything. Okay. He's, and then he just got off of parole too. Or not parole.


He got off of, Who's it? This one? Probation. Probation. Okay. So we're gonna find you guys. Hey, I have no, how much is your bail sin? Oh my gosh. Stop. Wait, is it this one? Yes. Malachi Barton. I have seen quite a few. It's 'cause Harper like did a duet with him on TikTok or something. Oh my gosh. Those duets. Don't they? Is he wearing makeup in this? Yeah. Excuse Me. What are you doing? Trying to Figure out how much Harper his bail is. He's gonna get into Harper. He's locked up for a while. He's locked up. Yeah. Well wait, Harper, this would be a good match. Malachi, I heard that he's a bad kid though. From ai. Bam. H Ai ai What?


What does that even Mean? AI doesn't know Anything. You talk to the chat. Yeah. You're like, hey chat. Hey Chat. What's okay? Well guys, what's it called? I just need, what's it called? I just need like a nerdy guy. 'cause they don't seem to go for the cute girls. What so Mean? So it's like they, I won't need to be worried about people going for Why don't You just try to meet a guy at church? There's nobody at church. Try a new church. New church. My mom won't let me go to a new church. Well outta Luckin, man. These guys his Own podcast Try NASCAR race. A lot of dudes go there. Try what? Nascar. A lot of dudes go to NASCAR racists. Yes. Wait, should we bring this guy on the pod? Malachi? Yeah. I I would be freaking out.


He has His own podcast. What are you laughing at? Camera man? Come on camera. Man. The NASCAR races is cracked me. Oh, he was laughing a little too hard. Malachi On the podcast. I would be like freaking out. I'd be like, Casie Should d this kid. I call him cameraman because Alex is gone. Alex is not shooting this episode, are you okay Honey? She just was trying to readjust and she was falling into the crack on the great device. Oh. Also I feel like it's always so awkward when guys like semi around my age come on the podcast. 'cause why? Because like, it's just like, it's like, no honey, I understand that. 26. Why don't you Stay? No, no, please. Like y'all seem like 12 when I single and there would be girls going on the podcast. Like everybody would just instantly think.


Yeah. What? When I was single and there'd be girls on the podcast. I don't Think anybody thought that Actually. Are you kidding? Oh, Claire. Claire though. There Was one girl, Claire and there was like, because we Forced six. Even Paige sit there, go. When we had mom one Harley Ivanni. No. What? No. Yep. Dude, he's so full of himself. He thinks that all those girls Were like, well it's also because he gave him dating applications. That is also true. Yes. I did see one of those episodes. It was quite cringey. What? Where I gave 'em a dating application. Why did you do That? That's, yeah, every time we had a single female on Maverick gave 'em a dating application. And they are You of No, literally the, The girl gave a dating application To said The girl gave a dating application to literally said no.


One of 'em was underage. And then one of 'em Was like, that's not true. Not I'm dating Somebody. That's not true. Found out She Wasn't. No, she, yeah. She wasn't even dating anybody. She lied to you? No. Dang. She did not like you. Wait. So, but now that I know you, I'm like, oh, you were trying to be funny. But at the moment I did not think you were trying to be funny. I thought you were being so serious. Wow. That must have came off desperate to the internet then. And you and, And you asked one person, you said you like asked her to go on a date and she never responded. No. She actually said yes, but then she never, and then I never took her on a date. No. Then she ghosted you and you couldn't get ahold of her. That Happened. Well, kind. I mean, she said I'd love to go on a date. I said, okay, great. Let me know what days you're available.


She said, okay then she never texted me today, so I didn't text her or anything. Why would I Guys? Well, aren't you glad that happened? Left the ball in her court? Huh? Aren't you glad that happened? Yes. Obviously I am ecstatic. What? I'm not convinced. I've Only talked. What do you mean? Oh, we're married. I mean, come on man. Do I gotta prove myself all the time? Yeah. What Do you mean? I I think you should Prove yourself now. No, see, here's the thing. Once you're married, you don't have to like, like we can joke now, right? Can you Kind of about, so test It. Ma, say something, say something out of pocket. Get Me honey. Not too out of pocket. We're not that good yet. Really, honey, I'm just kidding.


Okay, I get it. I get it. Just sit with me. Why won't you just sit with me right now? You're a very beautiful woman. Thank You. But That's not very Out of pocket. Okay honey, be free. But she just wants To go back to the Beanbag. Wait, Kate, Kate, Kate. I'm Sorry. I was about to say something. Restart. I'm sorry. I said you're a very beautiful woman. But, but, But, but I don't know. Free if you're the prettiest, whoa. One in this relationship, It's just not even close to true. What? Wow. You know what I'm saying? So are you, let me get this straight Maverick, you're saying that you are the better looking one in the relationship?


No, I'm just saying someone is. And I have a 50 50 shot the way I look at it. So, So who would you say is the more attractive one in the relationship? I mean, can I really determine that? Yeah. I don't think you're in the relationship. I Don't think so. Listen, maam, you having the chance to make yourself look like a grade a husband and you're not taking it. Yeah. I literally No. Put freaking fish bait on a hook and put the hook in your mouth and you're not taking the bait. Yeah. You're trying to get me hooked. That's the problem. Okay. Here's the thing. I'm not, I'm not falling for your games. And second, I don't, not playing games. I know my wife would not want me to lie to her, so It doesn't even matter. He tells me every day how pretty I am. So what The, I tell myself how pretty I am too.


Okay. Hey, what does Maverick actually tell you every day? Oh, Sometimes I hear Maverick saying stuff and I'm like, like, what Is he like when you guys lay in bed and you're gonna sleep or you wake up in the morning, pretty girl. What is, what's like his thing? Can I pump the pimple on your cheek? I'm like, you're so pretty. Can I pet your head? Yeah. No. Like what's like his thing? He says to you on the daily, I be Uncomfortable. I mean, he doesn't have a recited thing that he says Besides like, I'm not a baby, I'm a man. Besides that, oh, no, because Matt, Matt's the type of guy to say, I'm not a baby, I'm a man. Well, You know how people have like Yeah. And cash is the type of guy to be like, I'm here to protect you baby. Okay. You know what's good? That episode didn't get a lot of views.


So I'm, I might be in the clear there, there was one episode that they went through my phone and we found our messages, mine and Kate's first ever messages from like 2017. Oh. And those things were bad. It was quite A rough Listen, Hey, but seriously Kenzie. What, what does he say? Like on a daily, I mean he, Kate, What does calf say on the daily? I I asked first. No, we're moving on. No, I, when I hear what you say on the daily, I Can you feel, I mean, Kenzie's been talking a lot this Episode and I'd like to share the microphone with you. Kate. No. Gerald says he asked first what Happened to his mouth. What? Oh, I lit it on fire. Oh, I thought it was secret. Yeah. He had a filthy mouth Washing the mouth out with soap.


Yeah. Instead of washing your mouth out with soap, the new thing is lighting, lighting it on fire. Did you put gasoline in It? Am I don? Guess so. Imagine you try to scare your five, 5-year-old and you just have like Kate's candle and you're like, you better not say that word again. And they're like it. I'm Bernie, Gerald, I'm Bernie Guys. I've only talked to two guys in my entire life. Really? That's cool. Hey Kenzie, seriously? What is it? He tells me pretty much every day that he's grateful for me. You want me to like, I'm like hyping him up. Is that what you want? He so Grateful. I'm sure You can glaze him. Glaze me. Make sure you the voice because I know there's a voice behind. I've Heard the voice. Well, he didn't really do it. He like whispers it to me. I Know voice.


Listen, I'm just being shy now. I being honest. You can stop you. No, I've heard the voice before. What voice? The voice. I know you use when you're talking all sweet to her. Wait, what do mean grateful for you? I'm so grateful. What do you mean? What do I mean? Wait, I mean you I don't have A voice There. Yeah, you do do it. What are we talking about? Do it. You know the Boys, Matt, we all know the boys. Come on man. You know the voice. She's laughing because she knows my voice. You laughing. What happened? Well, I Love your voice. What voice do I have? You know, it gets all high and stuff. It's like, Well it's not super high. I think you're just whispering. No, I think it's like he is like, I love you.


Yeah, almost like a puppy though. Like, you know how when you talk to, oh, when I talk to Honey I'm like, hi honey. Hey Kenzie honey. Kenzie. Kenzie. That's how you say it? No, It's like, it's like, no, no. Like for example, for example, Kenzie and I were at home one night and the guys had all gone out and Maverick was the first like they all went to dinner. Maverick was the first one to walk into the house and it was just us three in the living room. And he comes in and he is like, ain't beautiful, but that was like how he said it. It was like his voice was quiet. I don't say it hi. I walk in, I'm like, hey beautiful. Well that you try And make what's cooking good looking. Say that. No, it was like, it was like, hey beautiful. What you up to? Ew Did map real life. This is a little off note, but map real life today they're Kate And Kenzie are walking into Walmart and he is like, Hey woman, get me a rope beer.


I was like, yeah, followed up by you. Hey, don't say what I said. Oh yeah. Followed up by Cat. Wait, what did you say? Don't say say something. If I Can think of it. I'm saying it. It was outta pocket. You said, Hey woman. What did he say? I said, Hey my woman. You're real pretty. I thought You were talking about cigarettes. Here's what I said. I said something about get me some cigarettes. Yes, I did. That was a joke. Oh yeah. We asked for some cigs too. Oh, cash said get me some beer after I said root beer. That's what you said? Yeah. I don't know. I just felt like I was in a Hallmark movie. Hallmark. Hallmark does not talk about beer and cigarettes. Hey woman, gimme a beer. That's not, that's not Hallmark. Oh, you said that before. Sounds crazy.


I wont give, I feel like it's like a classical like Hallmark movie. No, no, no, no. A Hallmark man would never speak to his woman like that. Or like a a BC TV series or something. It's like the walk back 2020. I don't know. It's like the dude in the trailer park sitting in his recliner trailer. Hallmark Park is not Hallmark. Mom's trying to like feed the baby and then like, not Hallmark. Yeah, not Hallmark. I don dunno what it's try to do the ABC's backwards. No, I Can do it. No, No, do no go. We weren't done glazing me. Oh yeah, you're right. What was the voice? I did it. It Was like, you know what? That's No but one more. It Was like, it was like, Let Kinzie do it. No, No, no. It was like, well 'cause she's obviously gonna like play it down, but it was like, hey, beautiful. It was like, hey beautiful.


What's up? It was Something like adding a smack in there was crazy. I don Know if it sounds just like that When he gets nervous, he goes, what's up? It's the that the mouth click. Hey. Hey. Does he still go? Did it last night? Okay, so, so you know like the five love languages? Yes. That was like one big shock of mine is that Mav does not have like one of the five love languages. He's like, Me neither. The best part, he Surpris, he surprisingly has all five of them. Ha. I'm the best lover. What, what Love, what's love Language away for The best part, Like words of affirmation every single day he like tells me, oh yeah, Okay, wait, Harvard doesn't know him. Okay, what's your love language? Read 'em off. There's words of affirmation. Okay.


Which means like, oh, I love you, you're so pretty. Things like that that Write everything like you Feel most I pretty said that when any guy says, you're so Beautiful. Okay, so it's not that one. Well It doesn't necessarily have to be that. Like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. But Like, I'm so glad you're in my life. Yeah. Could, yeah. Okay. Next could be words of affirmation. Quality, time. Like just spending time together. Physical touch. What the, What are, what's the other? That's a little suspicious. Physical touch. That's not my love Language. What You're think? No, it's just like hugs, like yeah. No holding hands stone. Not my love Language. Stone. Not my love language. Okay, wait, physical touch. Quality time and words of affirmation.


What the, Is it receiving gifts? Is that gift Giving? It's like gift Giving. Giving. Well we know what jail is. Love language. Jason, stop it. Wait, It's, wait, where's def? Affirmation. Physical touch time, gift giving or it's receiving gifts. No, it's gifts Giving. No, it's receiving gifts. It's giving gifts and receiving gifts. He's like both Me. Lemme Just look it up. Both. Probably both Actually. If receiving gifts is one of them, that's the only one he doesn't have. I have all five. He's not very good at receiving gifts. Force information, quality time, physical touch, receiving gifts and acts of service. That's what it's acts, service of service like, Like, like waking, Like doing the laundry for him. Like, like you wake up to go to school making you brother in the morning wake up and he already cleaned your car for you.


Yeah. Yeah. Well when It says It's like, it's like it's freezing outside and he like, well, it's freezing outside. And he went outside and warmed your car up for you before you got in. Yeah. All right. Which one is it? My love language? Yeah. Which one do you Ask? Service or gift giving. Yeah. You like them gifts, don't you? I mean you. She's like, I wish my husband would give me pr. Dude, I'm, he's not doing very good on the PR lately. I'm gonna tell you something. The last guy or the last to second guy I had, I gave him gift giving. Okay, we're gonna stop. We're gonna back way up and we're gonna cut that. What his, we're gonna cut that part? No, No, no. I'm done with it now. Wait, can You, can you finish off what you were gonna say Though? No. Yeah. You don't gotta cut that part in front it now.


Fine. Hey, what's my love language? Kate? Wait, I wanna hear what Kenzie has said and then I'll tell you what. Use, Oh yeah. You were gonna say something about mv. Can I Pop your pimp? I was saying the five love, love languages. He's good at all of them. No, but which one is his love language? Like his main, is it physical touch feel That don't answer what he gives to me. Yes. It's even across sport I feel like. No, no, no, no. What what is, oh sorry. What is his love language like that he wants you to do to him? Oh, that means it's physical touch. You just like Gerald. No, you and Gerald would be friends. Math. No we wouldn't. Why are You laughing like that? The way cash asked. It was crazy. You make me sound worse because you're answer Cash said what does he want you to do to him?


And then you Start laughing Like answer physical touch The answer. He has physical touch, Which everybody knows that all. Kate. What's mine? Oh heck no. Cassius like love language that like, I think you want from me what you would, I don't know. It's Probably there is one correct answer here. Probably like physical touch or acts of service. No. Bingo. That was the number one answer on Family Feud today. Which One? She gave two answers. Honey. Was acts of service. No. Oh, physical touch. Yes. I care less about your Me lot alike. No, I'd say mine's more acts of service personally. I don't believe that. For two seconds. Yeah. Actually he does enjoy acts of service Is great. I love to cuddle. Well Craig, he Loves all of All that stuff.


But is It just me? I don't like doing that. What, what? Like my hands get sweaty. It's 'cause you're not in love. I don physical touch. I hated it if I took a, it's called a love language. I actually did. I took a quiz, Made us, threw you under the bus. I took the love language quiz a year ago before ma and I started dating. Quiz. You couldn't just say which one you wanted. There's a quiz. Let's take the quiz right Now. No, there's a quiz. Yeah. No, it takes too long. It's 20 Minutes. Kate is definitely, But physical touch was my lowest. It was like 0.05% quiz. Yeah. Really? I don know just like, like I Like she's knocking this over Like guys are just gross to smell bad. You Know Matt, what's, what's Kinzie's love, language, physical touch.


It's not, That's not what he's saying. My, that's mine. Yours. I don know. I don't know her love language. So why do all five? Yeah, we're not gonna tell him which one it is. So he keeps doing Physical touch is Kate's. Yeah. She won't tell me. She makes me do all of this. No, I'm kidding. I know exactly what Kate is. It's quality time. Yeah, I do tell him every day. I'm like, I don't care. I don't care about anything. I just need to spend time with you alone. Yeah. I mean you should be grateful for that. Yeah. She tries to take him from me. Some people have to pay for a meet and greet. Take him all the time. Do you know that Cash is Kate's and Kate is Cash's? Wait, what? She's my what? No cash is like, He just said she tries to take him from me.


And I said, did you know that cash is Kate's? I'm Kate's what? Rough. Rough. Yes. I'm her husband. So y'all belong to each other. Y'all are now one unified. Yeah. And you're like vows you say I belong to you or something, right? Oh, we skipped our vows. We forgot that part. No, y'all didn't do personal vows, but y'all still said the vows that you have to say like, Hey Guys, Hey guys, here's my, here my list of people that I Can go for. Oh, I Thought you about say you hit list. See You can Go for, I think Malachi is a strong option. Not gonna lie. Why Don Know Malachi? Well, just his Instagram looks very wholesome. I'm Malachi. I don. Yeah. Well He is a Disney channel. Do you guys have a hit list? Oh, maybe that's it's List. Dating list. I have a hit list. A hit list. Hit list. A hit list is our list of people that you would like to take out.


And you have one. I have one guy on mine and it's this guy that lives in Miami and he owes me $3,000 for you in a brand deal. And he never paid me and he scammed me out of it. And he kept the money for himself. Well, he is not gonna Kill you, but he does know where you live and he knows your mom. And he says, I found out his website tracker and I found out all his addresses, his siblings, his go ahead and expose him then. All his, his history, him, everything sucks. I don, should I name drop him? No, he's on my hit list. You're gonna people Not gonna to Miami. We're gonna go to Miami on tour probably. And I'm stopping by his house. You this one girl, there's, I promise you I'm stopping by his house's. One Girl that's on my hit list and only one girl. But take My guy out with Gerald, bro. Just Cash would not kill anybody on I, but, but this man is Probably getting hit when We get to his place.


No, he is not. Cash is gonna, the second he got paid the money, he stopped talking to me. The second how scum of the earth man you are. Seriously? You what? I I got his Instagram. He's posing and he's flexing with money. Like, I'm like, that's mine's flexing with my money. He does. He looks goofy. You Know what I do? You almost three grand. I do. I throw her in the, in the, in my bathtub. No, you Wouldn't. No. Stop, stop, stop. No, no. Cut. Cut. No, don't cut. The toaster strap really works. No, but You gotta cut that unfortunately. No You don't. No, don't cut that. Don't cut that. I Would kill her. I Oh my God. Fish. I have shadows in my room.


I have a smile on my face. I'm just gonna smack the guy. I'm not kidding. Y'all are talking about murder. Everyone's legal for 12 hours, Which is it. So we don't recommend No, But we are going to Miami. You're close to Cuba. Oh, what? Well, you're close. I like murders. Legal. Yeah. You're Five minutes away right now, so keep your eyes open. Bad word. Oh, bad word. Can we Cut that Out? Insert bad word in. Realize I, We can't say this word. God, I really Don't like, can y'all tell me you don't have anyone on your hit list. I don't have anybody that I'm not, you know, There's one person, I don't have anyone on my hit list, but if you invite me to Cuba, I'm not coming.


No. I don't have anybody I'm mad at. But like, I I, I do think it was pretty shady what that guy did, taking just all the money. Like you're so beyond lame for that. I mean, you literally did it shady. I saw him. He had sunglasses on in Miami. I Know. I'm talking like absolute biggest loser. Actual, like, you are So beyond blade. No, listen, here's one thing. A guy For stealing $3,000. If a guy scanned me and I went to his Instagram, he's barely making it by. I'd like, I don dunno what he does. Can you type me all guys? We'll show you after First. We should really stop. Y'all are going in. Here we go. When you steal my money and you flex it on Instagram. That's crazy. If he would've been like, like literally maybe asked us like, Hey, like I really need this $3,000.


Like I'm not getting by this month, he would've had said fine. Oh, he just gave it To you. You know what's crazy, Rudy? My on your wrist, On your Instagram and I know the, I know the watch Was fake. Buy an ice with it. Yeah, I know. The watch was fake. This is crazy. It's not your yacht. It was not your yacht you were on. So stop acting like it was and Stop acting. Like Stop. I wouldn't y'all. No, I don't approve anything that they're saying. Matt, you literally said You can come to my didn't. That's stolen from you. I don't back any of this message of murder and no one wanna murder Daddy's getting killed. Wanna know beat story. I don him with the jail. Wanna know you beat need someone with a jail is not gonna murder him. You Wanna know a story that happened today? What? So wait, wait. Is it okay to say it's okay to say Yeah. It's not, it's not bad. So say Crazy.


She says every time before we have to cut. No, listen. So like, there's these two kids in my school, one that I used to like talk to. Yeah. And the girl used to be my best friend and she walked up and she, she like whispered on her shoulder. She was like, this will tell her. So she walked up to my like ex and she, and then she started like hugging on him and talking to him. And, and then I started videoing. And then the guy was like, how, why are you videoing? Why are you videoing? And then I ran. So you have a video Yeah. Of someone. I think you might be on there. That's so funny. That was kind of funny. That is kind of funny. So I got Really mad, but I was like, you know what? Oh know I, no, and we're back. Because that had to be cut. No, It Did not. No. What's like the worst?


Don't keep going. Don't keep going. Please. What's like the wor what's like one of the worst and like, things that they did to me? I don know. What's one of the worst things that like y'all have done that you feel like really bad about on the inside? Okay, First I, I'll, I'll start first specific Situation. I'll start first. There was on y'all's honeymoon, cash really wanted me to come along on like day four, just come down there and hang out. And I didn't come. And I left you alone with Kate for seven days. I'm sorry, I regretted that sense. That was crazy. That was just on the tip of your tongue. That's crazy. That, that your thing was my honeymoon. I have one story that we can actually tell. 'cause it was sad. Very sad. I'm Like so mad now I sad. And ma didn't want me to tell it because he knows that this was so messed up of him. No, I don't want you to tell it because I was working towards getting to our thumbnail.


Maybe. Well, I I'm gonna, I'm gonna say it. Me and Maverick, we were like 15, 16 ish and there was this kid we were hanging out with a lot and it was mem and him. I've already apologized to this kid. Yeah. It was this, why are we bringing this up? This situation is so bad that ma apologized like seven years later. Yeah. And we were talking about which you should too, because you were just as equally guilty. Did he answer you back? No. Okay. Well then I can't even find his Instagram now. I went to try again and I it was nothing. Yeah. Well anyways, we were talking about the kid. I'm not gonna say exactly what, but we were talking about the kid, like behind his back about just him.


And then we walked, we were in the kitchen talking bad about him. Oh no. And we walked out into the living room and he's still in our house. Right in the living room. He heard everything, which Yeah, we thought he was in the bathroom and we were like kind of whispering. Like pretty quiet but like loud enough. He definitely heard us. No, we thought he was gone and we thought he left. Is that what it was? I don't remember. But I know we didn't think he could hear us thought he was gone or something. And I mean, yeah, this kid was like wanting to like, basically like Did he No, no. Don't go into detail about it. Did he get up And leave? Yeah. No. He acted like he didn't hear us, but I know he heard us. Poor guy. And and we weren't saying like, That's why don't talk bad Poppy complain. Yeah. We weren't trying to talk bad about him. That's what made it even worse. Yeah. We weren't trying to talk bad about him.


We were just like talking about business stuff. You Were stating what you thought was a fact. But it was a Hurtful fact. It was like business stuff that he would be involved in. Stop, stop touching your mic. Yeah, he was like, it was about business stuff that he would be involved in. Just stop. Why stop. Just stop touching your mic. Get your own Off. That's where I put My, I'm sorry. Can I like make this into a rage room? Like I'm so mad. No, You can. No, no. Just Don't hit the tv. It's brand new. No, It's okay. Keep hammer, keep Going. Bav, keep going. Seriously, keep going. Hammer. Well anyways, I'm so mad. That's pretty much it. I mean there was just this thing happened and it was like a business thing and we were talking about him, like specifically him and how he's not gonna be able to succeed in that, I guess. And it was, it was so bad. It and ever since that day I've learned to clear the room before you talk bad about someone on your mouth.


That's What I've learned. No, Actually I feel like the two of you are so upfront. People like you talk bad about people in front of their faces. Yeah, I do Tell everyone, which Is crazy. We don't talk bad about 'em. We just tell them the truth sometimes. Yeah. I'll tell everyone what I think of them straight to their face. Not like in a mean way. I'll just be like, yeah, you're not very good at that. Would you say That was probably one of the worst things you've done? That it was one of the worst times I felt bad about something I did. Guilty that and then, yeah, you're honeymoon. I felt guilty for that. Oh my. Those two things. Our honeymoon. Was it Awkward? Remember when we felt really guilty? Oh, About something on your honeymoon. Yeah. For what? What was It? Don't say that story. I will not stay. I will not participate. No. Tell me. No. Wait, what was it? Guess I'll tell you.


It was after. Did You feel guilty because you told him I couldn't come? No. Oh no. I Say Ma couldn't come our on our honeymoon. I was leaping for joy when Maverick couldn't come. But no, I was not, I felt really bad about this. I don't even know. I don't know. This is, Did you not tip somebody? No, I did Extra for this. I felt Because y'all were like on a cruise or something, right? No, It was, we were at the Dominican at an all inclusive. Oh. The worst Time we tipped extra. We tipped extra extra for this actually. I was like, that's bad. What happened? But I don't know. I'll tell you guys after. Okay. Well the worst thing that's ever happened. No, I wanna hear it. No, you don't. You don't. I wanna Hear it. I'm telling you. You don't wanna hear it. Okay. I'll say it now. And if we need to cut it, we can cut it out.


Oh No, I'm leaving. I'm not staying for this toy. I I was not protecting Ka sit down. I wanna see your face. I'm not, when she said obviously you did something bad, so get back here. It's not bad. It was an accident. Just like that. You can't Even be in front of the camera for your own wrong actions. Okay, well I'll say it now 'cause he is not here. But we were on our honeymoon in the Dominican Republic and naturally I started my period the day before my Wedding. Yeah. I'm not too actually. Yeah, I don't really want to be Here. You what? You started your period the day before your wedding? Yeah. Or it was the day? No, no, no. It was the day after or no. Okay. Was leave. Can we go?


Y'all just gonna leave? Y'all are leaving. Well, we're not talking about that with you. That's definitely not happening. So. Well you wanted to know the worst thing I've ever done and this is it. Come On man, let's get him. We haven't even gotten to the thumbnail. That's not even Like anyways. Well, so I had started my period the day after our wedding and we had like, we got married, had a day, and then the next day we left for our honeymoon. But Like you got married, had a day, didn't go your period. Yeah, I got my period the day after our wedding. Oh, oh wow. Okay. And I was like, you know, of course I would get my period right before I go on my honeymoon, but it's fine. Anyways, we were on our honeymoon at this like super, super nice, all-inclusive resort. It was like very, very nice. Yeah. Like we were in like the honeymoon suite.


The the whole staff there was so good to us. And I fell asleep one night and I don't even know if I Can say We'll cut it. We'll cut it. You can say it bad. I woke up the next morning the entire Oh No, I don where I don't even where it's going even. Oh, it was the bed filled with Blood everywhere, Harper. It was like someone that was stabbed in this bed that's not was I, Don Dunno know how it happened. I don know how it happened. That's terrible. But I'm at, I felt Kinzie. Imagine Did you cash 90 decisions CA's Cass's second night on period being married, he wakes up in a pool of blood That's I'm saying, saying that's disgusting. Is this like that? I was so embarrassed because I Oh, I'm sorry. Not disgusting. Sorry. That was really Rude. No, no, that's, it's like when you're the husband, it's like, oh, that, that's not ideal. But she's bleeding.


No, it's not even that. Like he's obviously like, knows how to handle, you know, blood a period. But it was just the fact that it was like all over the bed. That's crazy. Oh, It was like, I'm Not even talking. Wait, So that was the Story? No, no. Oh. So then I, I didn't know what to do. So I, I like, obviously I woke, you know, cash got out of bed and he's like, yeah, this is a problem. 'cause it's like a completely white bed, like blood all over the sheets, all over the comforter. Like it was, it was, I don't even know how that, I don't know how that happened. Oh, I could not tell you no. How I went to bed one night and the sheets were fine and I woke up the next morning and the sheets were not fine. Oh no. But it, it just happened. So I was like, well Maybe something like sparked inside of you.


Ew. Oh, What does that mean? So anyways, so then I am freaking out and I'm like, I don't know what to do. Like how do, how do I clean this? Should I throw the sheets away? And I know that like hotel staff and like all those obviously they've seen like blood on sheets before and it's like nothing new. But this was just like an extreme case. Oh no. How big was it? Like, was it like It was, I don't, I It was, yeah, it was quite, it was quite a mess. But, so anyways. Oh no. I, I could have stripped the sheets and left them in a pile. You didn't, I didn't know what to do. I panicked because not only was it right when I woke up, then the hotel staff is on the door and I'm like, And you have to get your sheets cleaned so you go to bed that night.


I, I mean I couldn't, yeah. So I, I I, I ran out the back door. You had two doors And cash and I, We ran out and we ended up like separate and we were like an hour. We, We, so you hear the knock, you look at each other and you're like, we gotta go. You just run out the back door. And I could've the poor hotel staff and I tipped so much. I literally, I'm talking like probably one of the biggest tips I've ever left in my entire life because I felt so bad and it was just like nobody should, I should just been Smarter. Wait, what happens when you like go to a friend's house and like, something like that happens when we're back? Yeah. Sorry guys. Sorry guys. We're back. Something was said that had to be cut.


Like I said, I was, I didn't know how much of this was gonna be Yeah. Allowed. But you were, you were saying something. Yeah, I was saying that like we had an incident and it was okay. Incidents are fine. Right. Okay. Wait, wait. Sitting backs my, wait back to my question. When, when you phone My phone where my phone's At? Well, we were just getting to the part where I, Whenever y'all go, I just need my phone. I don phone. I have a question. My phone. So now my phone here. Now you've like learned from that. And when you go to other people's houses or even I guess your own House. Yeah. What do you Do? What do you mean when you Know like you're going to be starting.


Oh, well I just, well, when you start in the middle of the night, it's unfortunate. It's just like you can't Oh, You, you have no clue the day before. Well, yeah, not, I mean, it's like you, you might not know. It's like I've, I have like started in the middle Night before and It's like, oh, it's just weird to think that that's a natural thing. It's kind, it's kind of unfortunate. It's very unfortunate. Kate Was the first person I ever told that I got my period. No, I was not. Was I? Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I remember I told you. I was like, I got it. I remember that. Yeah, there was this one time I felt so bad though. I mean, I, now that the guys are gone, I guess I'll just keep going. Sorry to the cameraman that has to just listen to this on full blast. But there was this one time, I have like a handful of stories that are just very unfortunate with my period.


I don't know why I've been so unlucky. But this one time I had started in the middle of the night and like, you know, obviously I woke up the next morning and I saw that there was blood on my sheets and I was very upset. I was upset that I had started On your shoes or your sheets? On my sheets. Okay. And I was upset that my, I had to like rip my sheets off my bed and like get 'em clean. And then I felt even worse because cash was still sleeping when I had noticed. But I was like, obviously I have to take the sheets off now. So I like woke him up and I was like, I gotta change our sheets. And he was like, okay. And like he gets outta bed and I was so mad. I was like, I'm talking. I was so, I, I don't know why I was so mad. I was just very upset. And I start, I like ripped the sheets off and when I like grab the sheet and I rip it, CAS is right behind me and I just knock, I like fist fish just, Oh no.


Like right across the face. And he falls over and he's like, oh. And then I just start sobbing. I'm like, ugh. So, and I know, I know That feeling when you get fisted in the face, like It hurts. Yeah. I start, no, and mind you, he had just woken up like 20 seconds ago. So he wakes up. That's so bad. I'm like in a ma I'm in a bad mood. I punch him in the face and then I just start sobbing and he's like, his mouth is bleeding and I'm, I'm, Oh my gosh, I'm so, There's more blood on the bed. There's just more blood. My gosh. And I start crying and he is like, it's fine. Like it doesn't matter. And I'm like, it does matter. Everything's ruined. And then when I is over, once I took a shower and got our sheets changed, I went back to bed and I was fine. Wait, so Do you throw your sheets away? Or do you like, use something to clean them?


It depends, I guess it just depends on how much there is. How Much is like if there's bet the hotel staff had to throw them away. Yeah. The Hotel staff was like, these are done for, but yeah, no, I've like, I've, there have been times where I've literally just like spot treated. 'cause it's like not that much. Oh, okay. Yeah. It's very unfortunate. Well, Dang. Did you always of being a woman, So gross Kind. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think. Have there ever been, like, have you had any like, I mean like, like I was sleeping one time and like there I was wearing my like expensive royal rabbit pajamas. No. And I like bled on them.


That's so sad. Oh, you had to throw your pajamas away? No, I didn't have to throw them away. There's just a stain on them. You just kept 'em and Keep wearing them? No, I mean like, my mom watched them. I made sure my dad didn't because I didn't want him to see that. Yeah. But like, So embarrassing. And then also, I guess like in school I was wearing white shorts one time and I was walking around not knowing anything and I was wearing a sweatshirt and I had no idea that I started my period And I don't get cramps or anything. So I was like, What do you mean I don't hurt? Like I don't get cramps or anything. Like no headaches, no cramps. No, No. It's probably 'cause she's so tiny, Like I don't get anything that's Well, that's crazy. And I don't even bleed that much. I Get so sick. Harper.


Yeah. I literally like, I'm talking like, I'm like barreled over like just Yeah. Crying. I, I don't really feel like terrible like during any, any time. Like the only time I, that's crazy. The only thing I do is I start crying randomly at dinners. At Dinners? Yeah. Like you, like when I was, I was at dinner during the podcast, the like live podcast. Oh. In New York. And I started crying to Kate for some reason. I was just like, I was like, y'all have saved me. Aw. I was like, I know. It just hits sometimes It was bad. I was like, what is wrong with me? But thankfully, yeah. And I'm too scared to put on tampons, so I don't do that. Thanks for the fun fact. Yeah. I mean like, I have a four because I was at my lake house, but I was too scared and after that, so it was, It did take me, they need to Come out with water pads or something.


Water pads there. Please make that like, Yeah. I will say it did take me like years before I could use one just 'cause So gross. It's Very, but Also it's really gross sitting in your own blood. It's, It's, yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. That's why I, I change my pad like every hour. Yeah. Even if it's clean. Okay. That's, I'm sorry. T mind. I'm sorry. No, it's the, it's The, the boys didn't wanna hear this. That's So funny. I'm glad that they're not here. Yeah. Well anyways, Does that mean we have to close it out? Well, Any more stories? Are you Having a story? No, the Only stories I have is that I have a small kidney and small bladder. So sometimes I almost pee on myself, but then I don't, Hey, that's My only story.


Have you ever had like a problem where you bleed out of your elbow or something, a Bleed outta Your elbow and you, One time I punched my sister in Olive Garden and her nose started bleeding. I Punched my sister on Christmas night and her nose started bleeding. Were you at Olive Garden? No. Oh. Oh. It was almost the same story almost. I was, my mom really thought that I wasn't gonna have a period. Well I wasn't gonna have a period if I didn't go in growth hormones. Yeah, you, You. So I like, I would've never had one. Well, I Don't, I don't, a lot of times I don't get my period if I don't start taking the, the medicine. Yeah. So I, she was like my doctor, like I wish I Never took my growth hormones. 'cause I would still be four, seven. No. Period. No, that's not healthy though. Skinny As frick. I could just not take my medicine and never get my period and life would just be so dandy for me then.


I can't do that because it's not healthy. I have to, you have to have a period because isn't It like eggs getting crushed up in your stomach? No, I don't know who told you that, but they lied, rushed Up. I'm pretty sure you told me that in the car. Me, you're like, you're ovulating so there's eggs crushing In. No, I would never say that. Maybe it was Brooklyn. I don't know. But No, I'll give you an anatomy lesson after this and tell you what, it's, what's happening though? I don't. So gross. I learned a lot. So gross. When I was, my body was rejecting. Why can't We like bleed out of our foot? I think then we'd just be like, dang it. Now I'm bleeding outta my foot. We would've been embarrassed to show our feet then. Yeah. Oh, I'm still embarrassed to show my feet. I'm, yeah. I mean, you got, do you have your toenails done?


Not right now. You need To go get them done. I don't either. Well, I usually Get them done with my friend Emmy, but yeah, not right now. Well, I'm very sorry that the boys left this episode and we're sorry we had To talk about that. They have weak stomachs and weak minds. All men do. Yeah. And honestly, honestly, I, I maybe this might not even be put in there. We can cut this if the team decides that it was just a little bit too much. But if not, I hope you guys enjoyed and we'll see all next time. Bye.