
So, have y'all watched a pipe Raquel documentary? It was pretty crazy. Pretty crazy. That thing was insane. What? Pretty much the mom just started abusing her kid. Why are you mad? I Don't know. I went, I'm gonna freaking scream. What? Okay, I call Maverick, right? And I say, Hey, how are you? And all I hear is, honey, honey. And I was like, what's going on? He was like, oh, we just lost honey. No big deal, honey. Like we left the boys in charge of the dogs for two hours and Stella broke her foot and honey got lost And we almost killed the dogs on accident. What? Oh, I forgot what I'm supposed to say. Yeah. Take are officially on sale for our world tour.


Yeah. Oh. Oh my God. My gosh. Oh, go get your tickets at The LOL Podcast net. Yes. You guys have to hurry before they sell out. Yes. League is in the description. Get your ticket. Yes. We're going on a world. What's up everybody? Welcome back to another episode of our really funny podcast. And today we're gonna be answering, it's really the age old question. The question that has been taking over the internet. What the question everyone's been wondering, which is what? The question that is unsolved and will never, well, 99.9% will not ever be solved.


Why does cash fart so much? No, not that question. He Is a bubble in his stomach. We already know. Yeah, that one's, that one's already solved. Okay. No, this one. Do you think if You were to press on the spot in a stomach with the bubble, it would like literally push What? Pop. Wait, I wanna know what's not solved. Oh yeah. Well it might be solved one day, but probably, probably never. Can 100 men beat one silverback gorilla in a fight? Okay. That's just such a stupid, nobody. No. Are you kidding me? It's been all over TikTok. Let's Talk about something important. Okay? No what? Like the freaking tariffs I've seen. No. Listen, We'll talk about something important. No, I'm telling you it's been all over TikTok. I have question. I'll be honest. I haven't seen that. You haven't seen it? I haven't seen every scroll on TikTok. It's just men in debates.


It's just yours. You built that monkey algorithm brick. You're one of like the 60 people that are in that algorithm. No, I'm telling. It's just you and those thing. Other 50 line. So Alex, you've seen it, right? No Alex's head. Well I promise you, if you guys look it up, 100 men versus one one gorilla. It's everywhere right now. Isn't that crazy? Everyone's a algo is like so different. Yeah. Algos algo. Algo. The way you just called the algorithm an al algo take the glasses off too. Everyone's algo so diff these days, man. It's Very different before the podcast. And Matt's the type of guy to call it algo. I mean, that's just, just crazy. Matt like put his finger up with his glasses on and he was like, what did he say? He was like fingerprint. Because he wanted finger. Because you Ale. I didn't say bingle.


Yes, He did something along those Lines. What? Yes. Did y'all's dad growing up ever make you pull his finger? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then he farts. Oh yeah. Yeah. I used to B my eyes out, but I would still pull his finger. He would tell me to. So I had to listen to my dad, you know? And I'm like, Some people just don't learn things when they're kids. Like cash. He never learned his ABCs. I found out. Oh my gosh, listen, I'm serious. I told Kate s this story yesterday in the car. No, he did sing it and he stopped at V he goes, he goes, Y and V. Wait, no, let give context. No. What did he say? Shut up. W and VI said, and V. What do you mean W and V? Stop it. Listen, let me give you context 'cause this matters.


Okay. They said, I bet cash don't even know all the vows. I said, oh yeah. And so, so he had to start doing the alphabet sounds was like a ass one. B, C, D, EES one. And I went through the alphabet and then I said, WSYN. Wait, no, hold on. I said A, B, C, Dh. Okay, well you're already messing up the alphabet. Oh no. Hk, I wanna P, Q, RIC, BWX. I said YNV. What? And then Alex looked at me, he was like, X, Y, and Z. Wait, what's, oh my gosh. Start? No, start. The alphabet in the middle is hard. Start at t. Go for it. U I can do it. Okay, start.


Start at LYMN. No P. Okay. That wasn't easy. That was easy. That that was practically a layup. Everyone knows MP. That was a layup. Okay. Alright. Start at R. No, that's a layup. That's a layup. Start out, start at, that's a layup. Start at X, Y, Z, Z, Y, Z. Give one. You give One. Can you say I'm backwards? K. You can't say forwards but Ain't no one here can say them backwards. Yes I Can. ZYXW, Vv, tx. Personal. Well wait, no hold on. Time out. I'm gonna be very impressed. Why Don you please do it. Z-Y-X-W-V-U-T. Okay, your turn.


Z-Y-X-V-U-T-S-R-Q-P-V-O. Who Knows if she's writing? I mean who knows if she's right? She's the same Letter. No, I'm never write anything. O-N-M-J-L-K. No, I'm pretty sure actually, Wait, what did I say? O. Okay, So she does not know L kj. O-N-M-L-K, J-I-H-G-F-E. No one knows if you're right right now. D, C Bt, BA, a. I'm done. Well I personally, anyways, my point is I was trying to do the V forward. I first messed Think that the letter V, you know how there's like some letters and stuff that just like belong where they belong in the alphabet.


I think the letter V is so precisely placed and it just makes sense at where It's at. I just wish that we could like do one Episode. Are you trying to like give him credit for stopping at V? He's like and V. No, No, no. I'm saying it's like it's not the last letter of the alphabet but it's pretty close and I feel like it's just placed so well in the alphabet. Well that's enough about the alphabet. Can you guys answer the age old question please? Now what is it? It probably, okay, Kenzie 100 men or team gorilla. Oh Actually no, it's Not. Wait, no hold. Just I, I need, I need a simple answer from everyone. 100 men. 100 men. 100 men. Ma, don't fold. Don't fold man. Dude, I don't know. Don't fold. See a gorilla is just, no, you just gotta spit.


It's gonna be 100 men. This is such a waste of time. No, there's no way. There's no way. 'cause the gorilla don't kill. Like they don't even like know how to kill. No, but if the gorilla was angry trying to kill you. But they don't really kill like they, they they just, you know, a gorilla has thir, I learned this during all this investigation. They have 1300 pounds of grip strength. That means kit. They can crush a human skull with one hand. That's a lot. We're so bored. But they don't So Bored. Yeah. This is not The LOL Podcast. It's the Let's Go to Sleep podcast. Is that what you do? Do you like to hear my impression of Johnny Lawrence saying Quiet. Yes. No, shut up. She stole that from me. That's my impression. Well I decided to stop. No, she heard me my impression. Now she's trying to copy my impression.


Wait, can you Show me, do you know who Johnny Lawrence is? Yes. Do you know his impression or his quiet? Yes. He goes, what? All that hurt my chest? No, I, I'm telling you, she's trying to be like me 'cause I have the most accurate one ever. Let's hear. I think mine was better quiet. No, what he yells in your face. Wait, Wait, wait. No. He goes What? But he yells at so well No, but he has like a smoker voice. It's like it's, it's like what if you were to tell me two years ago that we would be going on a world tour, I would say that you are insane. I mean this is crazy. I am talking 30 cities, five countries, thousands of fans. I'm so nervous.


Why is this emotional? They can't run. They can stop. These tickets are little where they're gonna sell so quick. It's like soft and loud. It's like this quiet. That's your smoker voice. Quiet. That's really it. I'm telling you. Everybody do a smoker voice. What? I've been having chest pains and you guys are taking it seriously. Listen, recently when we've been going to bed, not even when we've been going to bed, just in general, Kenzie is like lost her mind. Gosh, I did not realize I look like that.


Me? Yes you. Why I lose my mind. You lost your mind. Hey. Hey Cash. Can we get off her phone? Thank you. Look at where is it? It is. She got you. Hey, can we get off her phone? You're not your thought. Now I'm looking for something here. It's right here. Dude. I hate when Mag does this. He call me on the, he'll be like, Hey cash. So yeah, so About that. Yeah. Alright, bye. I'm like, what? What did you call him About? It does not happen. It does, it does lie. Listen, okay, anyways, this is, I'm like, it's like it's 1:00 AM in this video. I looked over, you have a video of me. She's playing a game. That's amazing. But the game she's playing, she's just cleaning things, right?


Like in this one. Why's cleaning an iPhone screen? What you I look Disgusting on her phone. What? Yes. She's playing a game where she just cleans an iPhone screen till it's clean and then she gets a new item. She just crush it to I'm past that level. No, no level. Yes. I'm, I'm sorry. There's levels to this. I'm done cleaning now I'm organizing. So I like you move up. Yeah. So now I'm putting like the spoons in the right drawers. I I have a deep No. Instead of like cleaning things in real life like that needs to be done. You digitally clean Things. It's at one in the morning. I'm just relaxing. I'm Wondering. It was crazy dude. I was like, I've never seen someone on their iPhone cleaning a fake iPhone for fun.


This internet this age generation is lost. I know. Okay. I get it. I used to play love and pies. I haven't fed my customers in a while so they're probably starving to death. But It was a real stress reducer. Did they only eat them in Pie? What were you gonna say Harper? Oh, I have A deep concern. But like once we're done with this topic we can like switch over To this one. Well, I have one more. Okay. Kenzie also was not only doing that one night, another night she comes in and the dog is sitting there watching her from her bed and she's like trying to put the dog sleep or something. I don't know what she's doing. She's doing a dance for the dog. I don't wait. What? I don, I think I have sports bra on that don't show Everyone. Where is it?


Wait, lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see the dog. He's just watching her. Lemme see. Listen, No dog's just watching her. It's because why are you doing that? She Stressed. She's, yeah. Why Kate? No. Kate and I were trying to learn this dance and it took me freaking forever and I still didn't get it. Wait, I think we should do it now. Maybe. Oh, can They Say, oh boy. Do you know the song? What is that Song? It's the But Woogie or no, no, it's Radio. Radio. Yeah. All. All right. Go. Go. Ready. Radio. Radio.


Disco. Let's do the beginning. Half the time Five. Talk about it. Talk About it. Oh my goodness. You know when you are like six and you're like, mom, dad, we prepared to dance for you. We prepared to dance for you so we can have a sleepover. It's like, what did that have to do with having a sleepover? I know. Anyways, I was dancing in the room for Stella because Maverick wouldn't watch me and I needed to practice. Yeah. So Stella watched you. Stella. She did. What feedback did she give you? Well she Blinked twice. Good. Blink twice.


If you like to dance. Blink. What if you don't? No. Stella understands. St understands everything. Sorry, what were you Saying? Yeah, so basically are y'all trying to build up y'all's channels and then quit The LOL Podcast? That's the goal. That's the goal. That's my life goal actually. Where Did that come from? I was just thinking about, is That what you are trying to do? No, my mom posted your videos. No, no. I said my mom said, my mom said, Hey Harper, you really need to start posting on YouTube. 'cause you see how big cash and Mavs channel is getting and stuff. And like, well don't Flatter us And Kate, Kate channel is getting in kids each channel Stop blazing us and Then stop it. And then, and then she's like, and your channel is just doing terrible. And I was like, I was like, oh. Oh, Okay. For you guys watching a little bit of context, like on the weekly we tell Harper she needs to post more long form videos on YouTube.


But Harper is also in school. Yeah. So she doesn't have as much time as we do to film videos. Yeah. Yeah. Also, I have another thing. Can moms like let us stay out as late as possible and like, Dude, I've been trying to get that petition put in forever. Can we do whatever we want? Right? Please. It's not even just moms. It's the whole city. It's not. It's not like, and wives, that's be included with wives too. We're proud. What I want, we'd be in a random city and we'd be, they a cop pull us over and they're like, we're adults. Like alone. No, this is bull crap. I'm with you. I went out to McDonald's one time when I was 16. I don't think we should be able to like have a curfew. Yes. No, no, no. But there's a legal curfew. Did you know there's a legal one? What? Yes. Listen, I went out to McDonald's one time and then me and my friend stopped 'cause it was like midnight and no one was on the road. And I was like, Hey, let's take a picture in the street.


We go to take a picture and I what? Why would you just take a, it's midnight, the street dead. You're Wondering Why the cop has pulled you over. There's Nobody out. We're the road. We're like on the sidewalk. We're just like, it's like a, it's like I'm telling you it's, there's no issue here. We're like on the sidewalk, right? There's no issue. The cop comes, sees us taking pictures and he is like, how old are y'all? And we're like, 16. He's like, it's past curfew. You have to go home and, and every city has its own curfew. If you're under 18 where you cannot leave without an adult. Okay. And we're back. Okay. Alright, well we're back. We got something Cut. But point is, is that if you are under 18, you have no Right. Pretend I could say anything and just have it cut. No, No. That was in regards other things, not that we've got so Much stuff.


I do have a question. I've been meaning to ask Kinzie. Oh, have you noticed that your husband can't have like complete silence ever? Like what? No, I'm being serious. I was, I actually wanted to ask you this because Mav like always has to be making some sort of noise or singing. And I was wondering, does he do that at all times? It's almost like one of those woodpeckers. No woodpeckers I being so for real. Do you think I'm a woodpecker dude? There's just always a little like, Yeah, if you ever hear a noise, Whoever m is, there's just some sort ofWe Happening. No, I said, 'cause actually I'll hear the ring on a, like our front doorbell ring go off. And I know that if it's Mav coming home, I'm like, there's about to be an noises made.


And I'm not even joking 100% of the times, 10 outta 10 times he walks in singing something, whatever music was playing In his car. No na walk in the door. He's like, ball, you shake my nose and you rattle my brain. Like he always does it. We don't need an intro Every time you walk in the office today, Today I'm just like in our little office area organizing stuff and he comes and he sits down. He was like, my friends say I'm the fool. The one to think that you are the one for Me. I guess I'm just a suck of Love. Like everybody, Everybody. Was he dancing too? Just honestly, the truth is No. He's just like working on the computer and he stops think, he's like cash. You don't answer. He is like, I guess I'm just Like, he's Always singing and I'm wondering, does it stop when he's alone with you or does he just like always make noise Or He's always Making noise in bed at night.


Is he just like, be up, be up In his sleep though? Oh, He Would. He would. He literally never Stops. That's the type of guy to talk in his sleep. And When he is not talking in his sleep, he makes like, like you would think he would just start beatboxing, you know? But he kind of is. He's like Without Like trying to Be boxing. I'm telling you, even he eat makes noise. Yeah. Even when he eats, he's like His, what is this Episode? Is this just Roast Maverick? And I told him this the other day. Me and him were sitting at the table downstairs. I'm watching him eat chips in queso. And I'm like, I have a cavity. I can't hardly close my mouth. Okay. Because he blamed it on something else. Yes. When I confronted him, he, I'll tell you, he he's eating, I also, he also can't breathe because of my nose.


Okay. Yeah. The other day, that's what he blamed on. He was like, sorry, I can't breathe. I have small nasal waves. I'm like, fuck what? I said, I, I have a deviated septum the other. Well, whatever. No one knows what that is, man. Well, it's not small nasal waves. Vitamin. What is about as the entire alphabet? What did we say about seven letter Words the other day we were all making our T charts and I'm sitting at the table, our T charts. Yeah. I'm sitting at the table making my T-chart. And ma you finished your T-chart and you got your chips and caso and you sat down right next to me and you were destroying that chips and Case Yes. No, no, no. Listen. And I, I was like, I could say something, but I'm just gonna choose to get up and go to the other room. So I got up and I went to the other room and you turn back and you're like, wow, Kate's working in the office.


Huh? And I was like, you're who in there? That's so funny. No. And he gets so offended. He's just like so funny. He does get Offended. I I I noticed that, That he smacks. Yeah. No, I've never noticed that. That's all my mom is. She's lying. My mom, anytime I'm like, anytime I'm like, oh, I'm, I'm just like, I don't need makeup. Oh, well There's nothing to do. What we're talking about. Like what? Like girl, please. Like what? No, On a Friday I had to leave for a bachelorette trip. And I tell Maverick, I was like, oh, I'm gonna miss you. And he was like, miss me for what? And I was like, I'm leaving this weekend. He was like, you're leaving? And I was like, yeah, I have to go. I have a bachelorette trip. And he was like, yes.


What? And I was like, No. No. What the no. That don't even deny mad. 'cause I have the same thing when Kate leaves. What the Yeah. It's unfortunate. I know. We think it, I'm sorry. I didn't know I expressed that outside of me. Yes. I thought I kept inside. It's because like I, We said earlier when Harper was saying like a petition to make moms not rule our lives. Same thing with wives. Okay. I literally, before we started this podcast episode, I was like, Hey boys, maybe we could play some volleyball tonight. And you were like, no, no. You gotta stay inside tonight. No. Well, because Kenzie left Cur actually was telling Kenzie, Kenzie left for the weekend and the, because one of our team members was missing, nobody could function. So everybody just decided that it was a no work weekend.


Completely. Nothing would get done. And Casey wasn't working. We weren't working. It was a needed weekend. No. The boys like played video games all day and then they stayed out until like 11 o'clock at night. Wait fishing, playing volleyball. They went fishing one night. They got honey ticks and fleas. And I had to fix it. And it was just a, it was a horrible weekend for me. St Get st her foot. It was Horrible. I was circling back to that too. She did. Because Cash was talking about how Maverick, whenever he calls him, he's just like, well, and then like doesn't realize what he's supposed to be doing. Instead of talking on the phone, he does whatever else it is. Anyways, so Maverick already tells me that he's so excited that I'm leaving. He's not gonna see me for two days because he wants to hang out with the guys. That is a crazy response to, I'm gonna miss you.


Oh, well, bye. No, I, yeah. Okay. And so then I called him on Saturday evening and I haven't talked to him in like 20 hours. And also I can't sleep when I'm not sleeping next to Maverick now, which is horrible. Maverick just sleeps like a baby. But I have like literally zero hours of sleep. I'm so tight. Kate, Kate does The same thing. And I Miss Maverick and I called, no, they claim this. Yeah. Kate says she doesn't sleep, so she's like trying to call me if she's away or something. I can't fall asleep. I'm like, stop calling me. I'm safe. I Don't think it has to do with you specifically though, because when Kenzie and I shared to bed, I fell asleep so quick because somebody was next to me. What you better place? No.


Okay. Okay. But I called Maverick, right? And I'm like, Hey, I'm so excited. 'cause the first time I called him, he didn't answer the phone. And so I called him again. He fi This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply And the answers. And I say, Hey, how are you?


And all I hear is, Hi. Hi. And I was like, what? What's going on? He was like, oh, we just lost honey. No big deal Honey. And I, I left Like, we left the boys in charge of the dogs for two hours and Stella broke her foot and honey got lost. Yeah. And we almost killed the dogs on accident. What? Yeah. Oh, I forgot what I'm supposed to say. Yeah. Well, we said it now. You almost killed the dogs. You almost killed the dogs. Okay. Long story short, we almost dropped him on the highway. But you Didn't close the tailgate. Well, we, We know angry. We would've been.


That's, We said, that's what we said. We said, man, if we would've killed our wives dogs, they would've been mad. Were mad. What would we have done? Don't the tailgate open With honey in it? No, not necessarily. Wait, wait. Why? Why wouldn't, why wouldn't you be worried for Stella? I think so. Stella is sturdy. She could take a St. Stella's pretty sturdy Stella Looking Get up and I'd be like, whoa, We're playing. She hit by 18. Okay. Like I Stella Would be like, Hey, I, We like honey, you didn't even fall. No. We actually decided if they were to have fallen out and gotten hit by an 18 wheeler, that we would just have to tell you guys that they passed. They died from natural causes passed at the same time.


At the same time. But we don't know how in the same truck they're gone. And we can't tell, tell you what happened. You know What's crazy is I left the, I left the pond. I was like, okay, the, like, I'll just leave honey here with them. She's having a great time. And like 30 minutes after I left, I was like, she is not in good hands. I was stressing. I Was No, she wasn't good hands. I We, I, We like all stay out here. Listen. I was like, she's having a great time. It's fine. She's with Stella. Like I was scared she's gonna run off and y'all wouldn't notice. But I was like, as long as Stella's there, she'll be fine. And Stella's always gonna be by the people 'cause of her collar. Listen, We were out there, we were on Paw Patrol. Okay. These dogs were fine. Yeah. Now let me tell you what Happened. What do you mean you left the tailgate open On the high? No, see, no, we didn't do that. Y'all, y'all just jumped In box in the back of the truck.


First of all, it's called a CA tailgate down. Apparently. It's, it's called a doggy crate. Were put in the crate. It's called a put bed of truck dog crate. But no, we didn't drop the tailgate. What happened was we were on the way. Wait, no, they, we, we, yeah, we were on the way to get the dogs in the crate and we were trying to figure out my mirrors. 'cause I just got it this new truck. And we didn't know how all the buttons worked yet. And the mirrors fold in and out with a button. So me and Matt were like pressing all these buttons, trying to figure out how trust every button, trying to figure out how to fold these mirrors. And we're like, what button is this man? And then we pull up to the house and the tailgate was down and I was like, oh, I guess one of the buttons dropped the tailgate. And we were like, well, it's a good thing we learned that before this next drive because we were putting the doggies in the back. So the doggies were safe.


The entire girl. Okay. They were never in the back. Okay. Yes, You're But until, Until, Until we, I said cash. Do you wanna put honey in the crate with Stella? You know, she might be more comfortable. 'cause she really likes Stella. This is when he almost killed one. He said, no, Kate's gonna want her up front. We'll just have her up front with us. I'm not in the bed of the truck. He Called me, he said, Hey, if I put Stella in the car, do you think she should go in the crate with Stella or up front with us? And I said, put her in the front with people. Yeah. So she didn't like that. No, no, no. But listen, well we did that. Well, yeah, we did that. So, and then we almost killed her. She's up front and we're like, ah, we gotta stop at Walmart. We gotta get some food and stuff. So we parked the truck and it's like 80 degrees out or so.


It was higher than that. Yeah. And you left the dogs There. We all just got out of the truck. You left, honey. The, the truck you left. Almost, almost until we got about 20 feet from the truck. And I said, Hey, you sure you don't wanna put St Honey in the thing? But not even because we thought about it getting hot. It was bad. I said it 'cause I was like, that dog's gonna probably pee on his seats. Like we should probably put her in the back of, and then we were like, I was like, Mav, we almo. We almost left her in a hot car. She would've died. I was like, oh no. We almost killed her. And she's, she has so much hair. You almost killed my dog twice. You can tell Two times. Like almost killing my dog. This is crazy. Not once, but almost killing my dog twice in one Day is crazy.


Pretty much we're saying this for when we have babies. Don't leave us with them. What? Let us play video Games. No. Can I please babysit them or something? Yeah, that sounds like a better option. You're Gonna get clipped and everyone's gonna be like, why'd you guys marry these losers? Dude, we don't imagine they have account to deal with your getting. So What's the, You know, you're gonna have to deal with your babies getting clipped as teenagers. As teenagers. All, all of this Harper. 'cause we just wanted to know if, if you ever need someone to watch your dog, we can, we charge very cheap. Yes. Very cheap. Cheapest in town. Well, yeah. You Know, Harper, are you actually gonna babysit our kids? Yes, please. Okay. But please can we keep the podcast going forever?


Sure, Sure. Why not? Yeah, we'll bring, We'll bring the babies on his host. We're all just in the freaking elderly home. Just like, Hey, do you Think you, do you think you will bring your baby on the pod? Yeah. Or on camera in general. Because my mom keeps scaring me being like, I think so. You're gonna stop the podcast, man. Please. We're not stopping the podcast. Are you stopping a Podcast? No. That's, I'm like, Why would we stop the podcast? We, we love the podcast. We love The podcast. Okay. I do too. I actually, I actually, the Podcast is my favorite thing to film. Same. This is like, it's so fun. I used to like club a lot, but now it's just gotta like too technical and stuff. Yeah, The club videos do get crazier. They, they're, They're Definitely, we're trying to make the club videos better. So if you guys haven't subscribed to the club channel, go subscribe.


No Little club. The Club videos have just gotten so competitive though. It's fun though. We just like, are constantly trying to like, Hey, I liked that question. Kenzie was asking if we're gonna put, first of all, I noticed how you worded it. Hey, cater, are you gonna put your baby on camera? Like, as if we're not a couple? And it's not a couple's decision, so Yes. I I feel like that would, you just told me don't leave our child with you alone. So No, you don't get to be. Yeah. But, but I, I mean, it's really easy to turn a camera on in front of it. Come on, do something funny. That's Crazy. I'm like, I need just one day to freaking rage. Like I You want a rage? Go to a rage room. You can put a hole in that wall if you want. But Everything is building. That Was one of my TikTok ideas. I said we need to turn the pod set into a rage room, Please. I don literally, I'm like out, like I'm, I'm gonna get you a weapon. You want an ax?


Yes, a hammer. We have a samurai sword. A blow torch. Why Do we have all of these horrible devices? Do have a I'm actually like, I'm actually like mad. Like I could cry. You can cry. It gets confused. No, No. I, I Can feel some, I Can feel some anger At me too, Harper. Like, I don't know why I'm so mad. But I some anger issues. Me too. I was being so upset with Maverick today. Y'all Should bucks Order me lunch. Wow. Wait, we, there's a lot to unpack here. Let's Unpack it. Why don't y'all fight each other? I just, I don know what's happening, Harper. No, She wants to fight Maverick. So get out. No, I just wanna fight an object. Fight each other. Pretend eat. Pretend you ch each other are objects. No, not Kenzie. I can't fight. I would really love to see who would win.


I don't know. Like, I can't act sad anymore. I'm just mad. I'm Why? Well, why are you mad? Why are you mad? You know, it's Crazy. I don know so much has happened and I'm just You wanna break something? I'm Rest. What? Can you break? I'm crazy that, it's crazy you're saying this because for the first time ever in my life, like a week and a half ago or a week ago, I don't know, I was angry and I didn't know why and I was like, nobody better talk to me. And I don't know why, but I don't know if y'all, any of y'all remember this day, but y'all were asking me things about work and stuff and I was like, everyone can just eat one, bro. Oh, I was like, was it, was it like, I think it was the, was it the day when I was talking about and you No, no, no.


It wasn't that day. So Y'all were talking bad about me. No, no, no, no. What? No, no, no. It was the day right after I crashed out on the pod. Oh. Remember when I actually crashed out? Oh, and you shoved me. Yeah. And I tried to hit You and I was like, oh my goodness, he's gonna kill me the next day, the next day. I was just like, no. It was when he crashed out, it was on film. Oh, okay. Yeah. The next day I was so angry at everything and I was like, oh my gosh. I could just delete all the channels and just move away to Africa and just go live in a hut. That would be fun. Okay. Like Right now you're making me mad for some reason. I don't know. See, that's how I felt. People were talking to me and I was pissed at 'em. Why are you mad? I don't know. I Well, what?


Hey, why? What's wrong? I'm gonna freaking scream. Well, what happened? Oh my gosh. Is it because your YouTube video? No. Ah, her YouTube video flops came here. Guys, go watch it before. Go watch her YouTube video. She'll be happy again. Yeah. Before the podcast starts, she came here complaining about her YouTube video when it's her first time posting in 11 months. What's Wrong? I don know. I don, what the heck is wrong with me? Oh, Just come sit over here. You can come sit in between me And Kenzie for a minute. I'm so embarrassed. And I'm not wearing makeup today. She's Faking it so much. No, I don't think she's, I tears, I don dunno. Why Come sit with us. I just like, come sit On the great Divide. Let's hit something Harper. Yes, please. I'll get something to hit.


What? I got something. Okay. Can You just What the, what the, Okay, so my, something didn't work out. We need to hit six A trash can. Yes. I'm gonna need to borrow one of these legs. What? Yo what the what is happening kitty? We need that, but I need it. Oh my God. It's actually really funny. Wait, why are you crying? Why are we hitting our trash? What? Okay, I don that. Okay. You're not hitting.


Oh, you're about To get hit. We're Gonna Kenzie stop. She's having too much fun. Kenzie, sit down. This is a serious moment. Aw. Oh. Oh, that scared me. Kenzie, you don't have a mic. Come on. You sit over. Sorry. Well, why are you crying? You over there? I don't know. Oh, Well Cassius, I thought You were gonna come sit on the other Side. I did too. I's just moving the mind. Gotta make sure we got good audio for this. I I'm better now. I no, I, I don't know. I'm just, I've been so mad. Reason I've been so mad recently. I don't know why, Why? It's okay. You don't have To talk about it.


Like, I don't, not mad. I'm having voice cracks. No. Like not, not mad or anything. It's just like, everything's like building up. Yeah. It's like, like it's not really that big of a deal. I don't know. What's not that big a deal That I don me being mad. I don Well, what are you mad at? I don't know. Sometimes You just have those days where everything just frustrates You. Yeah. And then you cry and everything feels better. It's one thing after another and they're just like little things. They don't really matter and you're just angry. This is a really hard seat to sit in. Actually. I, We have to slouch. Yeah. There you go. Oh my gosh. It worked. Yeah. I don't know.


I don't, I don't know. Aw, so I'm sorry. Anyways. No, I know there's, I know there's days that you literally just like, and weeks. So have y'all watched a Piper Raquel documentary? Yeah. That was out of nowhere. What Are you trying to change the subject? Yeah. I'm so embarrassed. I don't, I hate crying because it's like so embarrassing. No, you don't need to be embarrassed. Got your leg. Give my stick back. Yeah. Man. This podcast is, is a rollercoaster of emotions all the time. One thing next. We're laughing next we're hitting something next. She's crying. I don't know what's happening.


Yeah, like I, it's Cold. Don't say puberty. Well that, but no. What's it called? Testosterone. No. What? Oh, hormones or estrogen? Estrogen. There you go. Estrogen. That's a big word that trust me now. But know he's got a lot of it. You have estrogen too. You know that. I don't have any estrogen. Everyone has estrogen. Estrogen. It's Like, it's what makes you cry. You know how guys Testosterone? It's what made you rage the other day. Yeah. What female version be testosterone. No. That'd be your estimate. And I'm just mad that I have so many pimples right now. Or like my forehead's like freaking me out. Gimme My leg. No, you don't have that.


You're good. It's not even that noticeable. It's never, it's never as noticeable to other people as it is to you. And then my stupid baby hairs are freaking I Like your baby hairs. They're Cute. No, they really make me mad. And then, and then these people are like, d your hair browned man. Please. Okay. It's okay. A people tell me that too. So many people are like, stop with the blonde. Yeah. No, I tell him it's over. I mean, if you, it makes you feel any better. Cash has been getting roasted all week for his 2018 mall video. Yeah. Every day. Oh yeah. The one where you're like, and then, and then you Walk and then I jump. Yes. Yeah. I re I remade it today. You did? Yeah. I went to a mall and did the jump.


Y'all were like popping in like 2018. How does it feel to not be popping in anymore? How does it feel to be on a podcast with not popular people? How does it feel to be crying on a podcast with other popular people? Can You hand me the leg? No, no, no. I'm not saying please. Can you Let it out on the trash can? I'll use it later dude. Yeah. No. I don't know. I don't know why I was crying. Yeah, I had, I had That's so real. I had an issue. That's so real. I do that all the time. Yeah. Okay. Why? Well, Mav and I, well I watched the entire documentary. Yeah. Mav watched bits and pieces Of it. I got the highlights. It Was pretty crazy. Pretty crazy. That thing was insane. Yeah. What the Piper Raquel documentary or whatever it's called.


It's called Buffer Piper. Oh yeah, That's it called. It's Bad Influence. It's called Bad Flip. Well, lemme tell you, that's so bad. Documentary was low key scary. Yeah. Yeah. And on it, no, it was Like being a, being a kid influencer and just like seeing how how good it is for me and like how bad it can be for some people is really like scary. Yeah. Yeah. One, one thing that is, that I don't love about it though is like, it never actually seemed like it went to court or anything. It's like, it's all like, it's like you don't know for sure I guess if everything happened. Does that make sense? Oh. Oh, I, I don't know. Like you mean you're only getting one perspective? That's what I'm saying. Like one, the side of the story you hear first always sounds right till you hear the other or until someone cross examinees.


You know what I mean? We haven't Heard Tiffany and Hunter's side yet. Yeah. So it's like there's always like the other side of things. But I, Regardless, I feel really bad for Piper and just Like Yeah. Yeah. I mean, whether it's true or not, like these people are talking about your personal life. Yeah. Yeah. Getting a documentary made, made about you and then I Without your consent. Yeah. Like they didn't, I I heard one kid say that he had a Netflix like reached out and sent him like a pretty much something to sign saying that they have permission to like use his face and name and stuff and he like never signed it and then they still went ahead and Did it. They can do that. I guess if they're not titling it about you. No. But even if he were to like fight it, it's just like a bunch of money and legal fees if he were to try to go like argue it.


Yeah. But yeah. That's so bad. I feel so Bad. I feel I just, I feel bad for anybody who has been like hurt by the documentary. Sad. I know. 'cause like I know like some of the squad members or whatever weren't in the, in the documentary and stuff and like I think they like still do really care about Piper. Yeah. I think they all do. And I think some of them Are like, Well, whatever happens, some of them are clearly traumatized by something. Yeah bro. And they wanna like move on. Imagine you're okay. Nevermind. I was gonna say imagine your mom like acting like a cat. Yeah. But yeah, it's like stuff like that that it's like I don't need like it's somebody saying it and not to take away from their truth at all.


I'm not saying it didn't happen. Yeah. But I'm just saying it's also one side of of story. Yeah. Which is like always tough. Yeah. Which is like, I wish it would've went to court to see. It's so tough. 'cause like you never wanna discredit like a victim's story in any way. But also it's unfortunate because there's so, I'm not saying anybody was making anything up, but there are just people in this world who make crazy things up for no reason. So it's, it's so unfortunate. 'cause then 'cause then now these people that are sharing their story are being accused of this didn't actually happen. You're just making this up and then there's, yeah, it's, it's difficult. Yeah. I mean we've seen it happen even with like James Charles that happened. Yeah. And he lost like a bunch of followers, didn't he? Oh, I don, it was like a couple years ago.


I remember that. I don't know what happened. I'm still following. Yeah. No, he lost like 5 million followers on, on YouTube. Yeah. But I don't know the situation that happened so well. He got 'em all back like a month later. So I'm pretty sure it was all like really? I'm pretty sure it all came as like fake and stuff. Oh I don it was, I don't remember like, you know somebody's accusations or Something. No. But then there's things like the Yeah, There's some accusations. The eight passengers documentary that just came out. I don't know if you guys watch that one. Did you watch? Watch that one. Which one? The one against the eight passengers. Ruby Frankie? Yeah. No, I haven't seen that. I've Watched it. Yeah. So that one was like, she was a, it was like a family like vlogging channel and they had like, did you watch six kids? I, I didn't watch. I remember seeing them on YouTube when I was little, but I never like actively watched them. But I always like knew of them because of YouTube.


But yeah, they like were pretty much, the mom just started abusing her kids in the name of content. She was, Wait, didn't she lock them in a cage? Doubles. Yeah, she she was that one The actual cages or in rooms I think like in dog cages. Right. She was Like chaining them to stuff, To beds and stuff. Yeah. She originally, like she originally they were originally Mormon and then she got involved in this other like cult with this other woman. And this woman, what Was her name again? I forget Janice. Yeah. I don't remember The other woman though convinced this mom that her kids were, That her kids were Possessed. Yeah. Like demons and that she needed to like get the demons out of them. So she started like abusing her kids. She would starve them.


She took away their beds, like things like that because she thought her kids were possessed So. Well that's crazy. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah because she kicked out her oldest guy child. Yeah. And yeah. And even the dad like was like, I do not want to do this. Yeah. But yeah, no I feel like that whole piper rock kill documentary is so sad. Yeah. It's so sad because you never like people that post continent and stuff, you never know what they're going through. Like there's so much going on behind the scenes that you guys like don't see. But yeah, like it's weird. Like there's so much like I feel like there's so much of our life that you guys like don't really see because we come on the podcast and stuff. Not that we're like in some traumatic life. Yeah. Like we are all very fortunate. Agree and very blessed and we're, we love working together but it's just like, there's so much that goes into it and it's like you would never know what's happening off camera.


'cause like you just don't talk about it. Yeah. It gets hard too when they're like kids and they're getting popular. 'cause like the mom and the dad have to probably be very involved. And in some cases that's great. But in other cases, like we've experienced with other people we've met and stuff, there's like some parents that it just, it doesn't go super well when the mom is trying to manage the, or the dad is trying to manage the kid's career. Sometimes it ends up bad. Yeah. You know, so I've seen, we've seen cases where it's like the parents, the kid turns 18 and worked all this time. Like Jeanette McCurdy. Right. Didn't that happen? Her And it's like, and then it's like the mom takes all the money. Yeah. You know what I mean? Or or whatever. And it's like, wow kids. Except there is a thing called a coogan account that cash.


Well that's to protect that from happening. If you, which is really good, hypothetically, if you are under the age of 18 and you do acting or anything, there's this thing called a Coogan account and like 10 or 20% of your money has to go into that account. And then when the kids only 10 or 20%. Yeah. It's not a whole lot, but it's like 10 or 20%. That's kind of crazy. So that way the mom and dad can't take it. So then they at least have like 10 or 20% of their money when they turn 18. Yeah. And then when they turn 18, the state gives them, or the Cogan account or whatever gives them their money back. And it's like a law. You have to have it. And it's only in California name. When I was like under 18, I went to California one time for a shoot or some stuff and I have like four or $5,000 in my Cogan account and I lost all the information.


I don know how to get into it. Ah. Yep. So the money's just floating around endlessly and avoid of government numbers. Yeah. So I have a $4,000 to my name that I will never get. Shout out Cogan. Yeah. Dude, young Cogan screwed You. That robbed us. You Also, well wait, did they screw him or did he screw himself for forgetting his information? Yeah, it was probably me. You know who remembers that? You Should contact Cogan. Well, Coogan's dead. He's from the fifties, so. Oh well You can't go. Cogan was an actor who basically got Jeanette McCurdy and didn't have any money. Oh really? Really? Yeah. And so then they made a law and they called it the Coogan Law or whatever. Yeah. Oh. And I told you he knows all these just random facts from like doing His research don't started No 19.


This man on animals or anything is wild. Oh, I know. Anytime we say an animal, we were talking about something the day we talked about a goat for half a second Mal was like, yeah, they have four chamber stomachs, which pretty much means they can digest just about anything this metal can here you see a goat could technically eat this and digest it just fine without having any stomach issues. I was like the Other day. Okay, I cannot remember what I was talking about is that It's true. They digest it four times. I forgot to tell you this, I was having a conversation with somebody the other day and well I was like eavesdropping sort of, but I, they didn't care if I listened and I'm just sitting there like eating my food and I can't remember, maybe they were talking about wolves or something and they were like, yeah, I don't really know. And I was like, oh, it's blah, blah blah, blah blah. And then I was like, how the frick did I know that.


I think I, I think I'm like subconsciously listening to your like Animal Planet videos in my sleep and it's like, oh, I'm retaining information. I don't want Stop it, Dude. I've always wanted documentary made. Yeah, Let's make about You. You I don know what it would be about. That's, I feel like documentary so weird feel. I think you, I could see me right now being in like one of those chairs with the blurry background and I'm just saying some stuff. An interview. Yeah. Okay. And I'm telling you it would hit, it would resonate. Blur background. I wanted To potentially talk about, Oh, I mean just ramble. Nacho Nacho cheese.


Yeah. What'd you say? Oh, what I was gonna say was, today in PC my eyes are really itchy and then I had to take off my lashes and then when I got home I was like, you know what, I'm just not gonna do my makeup. See, even that could be a docu. I'm telling you a doc. If Harper was sitting there with one of those blurry backgrounds and she was talking about that and she was like, I, today I was in pc, it cuts back to her in PC with itchy Eyes. And she's like, and the voiceover's going, why she's doing it. And she's like, and it was just really bad and I didn't know if I was gonna make it. Anything can be a docu and it's just some random like 12-year-old redhead girl that doesn't even really look like Harper, but she's like scratching her eye. Looks like a dar man like TV show. And it's like that if you put a Dar man video or that type of video with a interview, you got a documentary.


Hey, what did y'all think about the music video Harper? What one? The one. Oh My gosh. It was so good. Cash sent me and I left him on red, but I really, He always does that. I really, I really liked it. Yeah. It it was really cool. It reminded me of the fact or when the, whatever it takes video where Maverick was on the mo motorcycle and he's like, Whatever. Yeah. If you guys haven't watched the new music video, it's called Better On the Cash and Maverick channel. It's pretty good. If I don to say something on sales. Oh And boy oh boy, the day we had filming, oh my gosh was tragic. Wait, there was two shoe days. One of them did not go well. Wait, What? Harper there's eight seconds of footage of cash and ma on motorcycles.


It took us 48 hours to get eight seconds of footage. Yeah, Because The boys The boys, yeah. I guess what? And my wheelie looks pretty cool, huh? The Boys were at each other's neck for a whole day over this. We We filmed on this street for literally probably How long do you think we were on that road filming? Probably four hours. Dude, there could have been a documentary made about that road. We started nine. It was a long time and a lot of drama after The bad day we had, and we woke up and we started at like nine or 10. It was probably closer to 10, but it was no more than two hours. Oh. We, we Were on that road for more than two hours. I We was Tracking our time because I, I was like, I really have to pee. And then I ended up just peeing on the side of the road. She did? Oh Yeah, she did Do that. Okay. Well even if it was two hours, we shot for two hours for eight seconds.


What Were y'all fighting over? Which, you know, I'd rather have too much footage than not enough. The motorcycle. Yeah. Granted, but of course shot rode The big motorcycle. See that made an impact on her. Yeah. She remembers it. I, We, if we did it your way no one would've remembered it. What are you talking about? That was my way. What? What? Huh? You got double wadded. You wanted to do a scooter or a minibike. You wanted to put me on the back of your bike. I like, I'm this little girl or something. How many times did this man, how many times did They Say that this man? Did They Say cash? You should probably just ride on the back of my bike. That would've also been funny, but yeah. Yeah. Right. Look, she's laughing at it, thinking about it right now. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not riding on I'm of your bike. Think it's funny or judging by how much she's Laughing with the Cassius legs kicked off the back.


Yeah. And no, guess what? There was no foot pegs, so I literally would've had to been riding like this. It would've been so funny while grabbing homie's waist. No, I'm good. I'm not really a waste type and grab type of guy. I don't wanna do any of that. I'd rather ride my own bike even if it's Yeah, that's so funny. Isn't no, we, we, we were supposed to film and we get there to film and everything went wrong. So we said pack it up ladies, we'll do it again tomorrow. And so we went out the next day and it was done. But the day before there was a lot of fighting the first day Harper. Oh yeah, ma. And all of them are like working on this little bike that's like this tall for like two or three hours and then we go eat dinner, we come back, he works on it for like two more hours.


They've been working on this bike forever. They finally fix everything and get everything ready to go. And the next morning it's like, okay, we're gonna start at 9:00 AM So we go out there, they get on the bike, it won't start. And so then they're just like, oh my gosh. And they, they're sitting, We were that first outcome, They're sitting there for like 10 minutes, like just arguing with each other. This is stupid. And I walk over there, I'm like, what's going on? And Maverick's like, the bike is broken. It's just a piece of trash. I'm like, and he is like, oh wait, the key was off. Oh my God. Yeah, they're losing their mind. That's Something they would definitely fight about. That's Why Was there cute Wait, so why did cash end up getting the smaller bike? He's the biggest one out of both of Y'all.


That's what I said. Okay. You gotta think pound for pound. Who should be on that bike? And he was says, me Maverick's hair was like this to the side. And he's like, Why are you making fun of my hair? Oh, you know, surprising. There was a lot of comments in the video. Everybody's like, what's up with their hair? We're driving motorcycles at 60 mile an hour. What do you want me to show? Perfect hair at 60 mile an hour. You expect it to not blow in the wind. It Wanted y'all to hairspray that in. So good. There was no chance it moved. Yeah, I That was the first thing I noticed. Your hair going Through The side, they prob must have been like, why didn't y'all just do it on a green screen? Which is not, No, it's because the first time I ever saw y'all was the in what, whatever it takes music, video, and I, And my hair looks stupid there. Wait, yeah. Really? That was the first time you ever saw this?


Yeah. Wow. Wow. There was a lot of people that were like, this reminds me of whatever it takes. Whatever it takes was memorable. 150 million views on YouTube. What? Who said that? What? It's kind of like whatever it takes part two. Yeah. Is what economists Do you feel like better was inspired by whatever it takes? No. Yes, it was. No, no. There's absolutely no resemblance. Just like the motorcycles in the beginning, me getting beat up, like No, they just decided cash was too old to be getting kidnapped. Now that he is a 22-year-old man. Yeah. It's just not realistic. I would, I would beat someone up. There's just no way. Yeah. I actually challenge anyone to kidnap me. I wouldn wouldn't, there's no way you could, huh? I Wouldn't challenge somebody to kidnap me.


I would, I would've try though. Like maybe like order a hitman or whatever. I'd beat him. I'm telling order. I'll pay for one of You think you can. I'd hit on him first. I promise you that. Is That what people do? They order them? What? No. Who said that You to find a hitman? You don't order it like on DoorDash or anything. Oh, I wonder. I really thought that was DoorDash. Like, lemme Please. Cute my friend. Thank you. Five tip. Drop this bomb off at their door. $7. $7. I paid $25 for a smoothie bowl today. Where? Oh, it makes you feel that way, honey. That ain't nothing. My average c Taco bell order is pushing 39.


Oh my God. Okay. Well my, my, I got a Single salad. I got a single salad and a tiny cup of soup and I paid 49. I hate mobile food order. $49 for a salad and soup. Yeah. There should be a documentary about that. I'm telling you. It's, I don, it's America's biggest scam. DoorDash Thinking. Stop being, just go get your food. We order food when we're like too busy to leave to go get a today. I ordered a pizza and I was like, oh, I'm gonna get a stuffed crust pizza and I deserve this. I deserve this pizza. Okay. And it comes and I freaking just crappy regular crust with no nothing. It was supposed to be extra pepperoni. There's like three pepperonis. It was horrible. Well, boohoo What?


Maverick Didn't even ask me if I wanted lunch. He just ordered. Wait. Yeah. I thought he was gonna go on about how expensive his pizza was and he just said it was no pepperoni. It was expensive. It was 25 Bucks. Happened today. Why? You guys were fighting. Oh, well we weren't fighting. I was just mad. Oh, so you beat the trash can? Yeah. Okay. I feel a lot better now. Wait, you were mad at Mav. Why? Please tell me more. I Is that You an interview? We can made a documentary. I'm, I'm Sitting on, I'm sitting on the couch. There we go. I Can see it now. Wait, lemme shoot a new portrait. Oh, now it looks real. I I'm sitting on the couch and Mav walks up to me. He's like, what are you gonna make for lunch? And I'm in the middle of Dewey stuff, you know, work. Valid question though.


Oh my gosh. And then I, I look at him and I said, you know what? The entire day I time out. Anytime a sentence starts with, you know what? It's never good. Not what You don't wanna know what you don't wanna, you never wanna find out what, okay, I'm Gonna defend Kenzie here for a second. She gets up in the Party. You haven't even heard the story. Wait, we haven't even heard the story. And like two hours later, Kate, You're broing the story we haven't heard. It Was like, I need more food. We haven't heard the story. No, but I know Kenzie's, right? So I have to defend Her. Thank you Kate. I appreciate that. Well, can you tell the story now, now that Kate said it was about breakfast. I thought earlier we just decided that hearing one side of a story wasn't good enough. You need to hear both. And now you're just like, I know she's right. Yep. Yep. She, she wins. Yeah.


So Kenzie, let's hear it. So I would, I say, you know what, the only thing in words that you say all day is cash, blah blah blah blah. Video. This video that YouTube cash, blah blah blah blah blah blah. And then you sit there on your little Computer. Oh, so you're mad. I get more of his attention. You Do all day long. Oh, it's a sensitive spot. And Then he's on his little computer. Well, I was there before you. Okay. I knew I knew him from birth. Birth. Yeah. Birth. That's a good name for a kid. No, you Know me since birth. Your birth? Yeah. You didn't know me since your Since my birth. Yeah. Well same thing. Anyways. So he's either on his computer or he is talking to cash. And those my brother, those are only two things. Okay.


Again, he's my brother. Okay. So he is talking to his brother or he is on his computer. And if I walk up and I'm like, Hey Mav, simple question cash. And then as soon as he's not doing one of those two things, he looks at me and says, what are you making for lunch? After I just made him breakfast two hours earlier. With bacon? Yes. I made him bacon. Ah, Why didn't you make me bacon? You I never get bacon. Can you start making me bacon when you wake up in the morning when he make bacon? I ask him every day. No, that's really not that much of an ask because you're already throwing his bacon on. Can you? Okay, well anyways, I know but for real, could you just throw like three or more pieces on? Gosh, get outta bed in the morning. Okay, gimme motivation.


I ask him every morning if he wants s food and he's like, oh No, I don't try to get on camera. She Stars me. I don't You're like the bacon that I eat every morning. I have to eat Chick-fil-A or Taco Bell. That Is not true. He doesn't eat in the morning 'cause he, he's his tummy. You hear in the that I don't even get to eat in the morning 'cause there's no bacon. His, I ask him every morning. Sorry. Continue your story. Okay. So point being the things that he says are cash and YouTube, whatever those conversations are. Computer Kenzie, are you gonna make me my next meal? That's all that Maverick does every single day. Okay. Oh wow. And I looked at him and I was like, you know what? And then I explained those three things and then I said, I'm doing something right now. And he was like, well fine then I'm just gonna order something. And I was like, hold on, I'm doing something right now.


Oh. Like she added that part in That didn't happen. Yes I did. I, I believe that happened. You guys tune us out when you choose to And then 20 minutes later I finish what I'm doing. I put my computer down and I was like, Hey, what do you want to eat? And he was like, I already ordered something for myself. And I was like, oh well I'm hungry. And he was like, oh, but I already ordered something for myself. Rude jerk. Is it the audacity to not even ask me if I wanted anything? Oh yeah. Tell me about that. Okay, Kate the audacity. Kate does that to me every day. I walk into the room literally earlier day. She has headphones on watching TV in the middle of the day eating Chick-fil-A. It was a lunch Break. I've been working all day.


I'm like, yeah, I didn't want anything. You were gone. You Were getting food, you were gone. You left the house to get food While I order actually actually for your information I ate twice on that drive. Exactly. I know you didn't Need food. I did. I ate raising canes on the way to the mall and then I ate at the mall. Yes, I know. I see our credit card statements. I know you get food multiple, multiple, multiple times a Day. So you would think you would ask me when you're ordering. I knew anyways, Kenzie, I don't really see the big deal here. What's the big deal? Anyways, then I ordered my smoothie bowl. 'cause that's all I had time for. Wait, where? Wait from the smoothie bowl. I don't remember. Was that really important to the story? Was That ever bowl? Yes. That one. Really? Did It have like chocolate in it? Yeah.


Really? Nutella. I wanna get that And Ka Ka ns, however you say that. Anyways, it was like 35 something dollars, 25, whatever it was. And I was just, I was just angry about everything in life. And then what did you do? Oh, before it gets Here? No wait. Can you jump to the part where you apologize to me? No before. Before it gets here. As I'm like trying to order ma is like asking me to do all these other things. 'cause his pizza's on the way. So who cares about kenzie's food? What? And he's asking me to do all these Other things. I you had to do it right now. I just said maybe I did say right now. But I needed her to reschedule one of her appointments 'cause it interfered with my YouTube shoot. And so we had to get that done His YouTube anyways, so I'm having to cancel all this stuff and I don't have time for food and it's 45 minutes till the podcast and I get done and I'm just about to order my food and he looks at me, he is like, you should really go upstairs and put some makeup on.


And I was like, yeah. And then I walked, I walked up here and ordered my food. And then again the audacity, he walks in with 20 minutes left till the shoot. And he is like, what are you doing? Have you just been sitting on your phone? Why he act like he's young Sheldon, he walks in. What are you doing? No, that's exactly, have you just been sitting on your phone all day? That Is literally young Sheldon. He is Girl. Like I understand you Go put makeup on. I would recommend that you start putting your makeup On. Now it take you approximately 55 minutes now and we shoot at 59. So you should start now. I physically don't have the, I physically can't do my makeup anymore. I don't know how to do it good anymore. This is crazy. Yes you do.


You do. This is basically the ma bully Maverick episode. Okay. Okay. No, I'll Around Down. Yeah, I'll come around, I'll come around Me telling her to get ready. She's coming around, I'm coming around, I'm coming around. And I was furious. He Said 20 Minutes left. And I was like, whatever, whatever. Just leave me alone. And then he goes into the bathroom to take his little shower and I go get my smoothie bowl and I eat it and I'm happy again. And then he comes out and then I was like, listen, I was really overreacting about all the things. I'm sorry. See, you're welcome. I Didn't know y'all get him fights. You know what she recognized she was wrong. That is literally the exact only, only I would say y'all are both wrong. No, I wasn't wrong for anything. What would she rather me say? Hey, the shoots in an hour, you should go get your makeup wait and hair done.


Or should I just say nothing and walk away? No. And then the shoot starts and she's not ready. Yeah, that's okay. 'cause that's the only time Kate ever gets mad at me. I'm is when she gets angry. You're good. Every single time I Can it just because I was so hungry I hitting, hitting me with And he keeps making the loudest noise. What? Taking that out. I Can survive. What was that noise? Wait. Oh my gosh. Oh Wait, I have a question. The real question. Did you apologize for anything? No. As you shouldn't. Oh well no. I said thank you. So what? I did say that I was like, oh yeah, I should have asked you if you wanted food. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah you did. But I said that right away. You know, I didn't like keep it to myself for like an hour.


Sorry. Yeah. You know Matt was said, you have a hole in your shirt. Look, your little armpit hair is sticking out. Why would you stick your hand in there? That was weird. Kenzie. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching this episode. Make sure you guys go buy your tour tickets right now because who knows we're coming to a city near you From Podcast to Rock. Yeah, like she said. So click the link in the description and get your tickets. Woo woo. Now I'm gonna do an alternative ending just in case I don't have a leg. My leg is gone. Well anyway, thank you guys so much for watching this episode. We will see you guys next time.