
Ladies, you'll end up shopping for your guy's deodorant, right? So try Degree's original. Cool rush. You see, last year degree changed the formula and men were mad. One guy even started a petition. So degree admitted they messed up and brought the original cool Rush scent back. It's clean, crisp, and actually smells like someone you wanna cuddle. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So toss one in your cart and find out why it's the best selling men's antiperspirant for the last decade degree. Cool. Rush is back and it smells like victory.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply


When you think about your future. You know what calls to you meaningful work, happiness, growth, and sharing these values with others. But how will you find all of that? There are many paths forward, including one you may not have considered. The military provides countless opportunities to pursue your calling where You can be part of something bigger than yourself while still being yourself and having the future you want. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


I wanna see You search history. How to sell a dog. I actually can't believe you searched that. That's crazy. Give me your phone. You can't read them out loud because Unfortunately I'm gonna read It. Whatcha are you searching Harper? Look at the third one. What? There has to be an explanation 'cause I know you wouldn't just search this. How to buy a baby. That's how You can just buy a baby. I had to do that once. Yeah. What? You did not buy a baby. Okay. To where did you get that? What the heck? I told you we bought a baby. Tickets Are officially on sale for our world tour. Oh My God.


Get your tickets at The LOL Podcast net. Yes. You guys have to hurry before they sell out. Yes. League is in the description. Get your ticket. What's up Logan Gang? Welcome back to another podcast episode. We're Gonna sell out our podcast in 19 minutes. What? We're gonna sell out our podcast, live Podcast is already sold out. Oh, our podcast live show. Yeah. Yeah. Guys, if you haven't already, make sure you go get tickets to our Why are you saying that? 'cause it could be literally sold out. It could be sold out right now, who knows? But if it's not sold out, we still out 50 minutes.


If it's not sold out, You can go get tickets before it sells out. Link in the description because we're going on a world tour, as you probably heard 30 seconds ago. Anyways, Kate, what are you doing? I Can Stop When gut feeling. Oh, Can You, Oh, let me send you my Chipotle order. What? Can you please stop typing When Kate types, she doesn't type like this 'cause her nails are so long. She types like this. Yeah. Kate has been, actually, I don't know if we've said this on the podcast, Kate. Seriously, like the, the noises of the the keys are drive me crazy. Okay. Do y'all do y'all? I don Oh no, go ahead. Okay, I sent you my order. Oh, perfect. Oh yeah, I'll order That. Oh, you wanna read it out loud Or, yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Her Chipotle Order order. She wants a bowl with three scoops of peanut butter and then double morere radish and one scoop of cat meat.


Got It. What you had three scoop type of girl. Dang. Anyways, he's, he's an idiot. He's such an idiot. What? Peanut butter. Nobody Orders peanut butter. I don't think anybody orders cat meat at Chipotle either. Okay. I I didn't hear cat meat. All I heard was peanut Butter Said a bowl with three scoops of peanut butter then ducked me in a horse radish and then one scoop of cat meat. Okay. My guy, I didn't hear the rest, but isn't irad so quick he couldn't even, Okay, I sent you my real order. No, I think that should be your real order. No, That, that's disturbing You anyways. Like I was trying to say, seriously, I'm gonna smash your computer. I know. All I hear is, but like I was trying to say is, we haven't announced this yet, I don't think really at all.


We slightly dropped it, Did we? I don Remember, remember we said like one slight thing in the pod and if you guys caught it, but What, go ahead Kate. Tell 'em tell 'em what you're working on. Drum Roll please. No, please. I'm trying to help. No, no, no. We we're having a drum roll edited in Amber. Yes. Okay, let's just drum roll together now because we've done five times. Yeah, I need a little bit more enthusiasm. 3, 2, 1. We're writing a book. Yeah. Okay, let's try that again. Three, Two.


We, we Okay. No, no, we're good. No, no. We are writing a book though. Yes, we are. And it's gonna, it's an amazing book so far. I can't wait to actually read everyone else's chapter 'cause I've only got to work on mine. I'm scared. So I'm excited to see what all y'all put in the book. I'm, yeah. Are you gonna explain to them? Yeah. Kate, tell 'em what it's about. So yeah. So Kate's just a little keyboard warrior you over there? I Am. I actually typing up a book away. Actually, listen, some, somebody once told us you guys should make a book and I was passionate. I said I wanna write a book and nobody else wanted to. You remember who said That Or Yeah. Who? Yeah. Anyways. And everyone was like, I don't know if we should write a book. And I was like, please, let's write a book. And then finally everyone was like, okay, we'll write a book. And I've been so excited and I've been, Yeah.


And I, and I came up with the name of the book, oh, what's the name? I did, what's the name? So I kind of named it and everybody's like, wow, that's the greatest name of all Time. So no, we all came up with it at dinner together. Yeah, but I, We were at BJ's. No. Yes, yes. But yes, we all came, we were all trying to come up with the idea. But then who said the name of the book? Me. Me. What? Cash. She's trying to steal my thunder. Do you think you're a leader? What's the name of the book? No, I think I named the book. That's Remind. What's the name of the book? What? You don't know the name. You like to what? No, nobody told the name of it. No. Oh, you weren't at the meeting? Yeah. You were. Oh wow. How Embarra. I don go to the family dinners. We invite You every time. Yeah, No. Anyways, we finally came, I finally came up with the name of the book and we don't know exact when's this book dropping in like a month Or two.


So within the next couple of weeks, we are hoping to have it all written out and ready to be sent to an editor and to be published. So our goal is to have it out by tour, which is the middle of June. And then sell it on tour. We will, if it's out by tour, we will be selling copies at our live show. And Ooh, It mainly, it's mainly gonna depend on how long it takes to like, for people to, like I don know book publishing and like editors and how long that process takes. That's the main thing. But the Book is going to be essentially just like our live story and like little details and stories. Well, Okay. Don't give it away yet. No, no, no. That's what Don't give it away. No, you gotta, you gotta let him, you know, simmer. You guys need to like, develop questions. Like what are they gonna talk about in this book?


We're talking about all of the like details, the deepest, darkest secrets of our lives that we haven't even said on the pod, basically. Yeah, you, the book is all about, it was like, the reason for the book is secret. We talk about so much on the pod. That's why for so long we're against it. We're like, there's no reason to write a book like we've said every story on the pod. Right. And then we're like, wait a minute. A lot of times there's stories where we go, no, we can't say that. We can't say that on the pod, but that'd be really funny. Oh, we can't say that online, but that'd be really funny. Yeah. So all those things we've been storing up and just into a book. Yeah. Well the book's not that big. Well, It's going to be Approximate Somewhere between like two to 300 pages.


Gee. So it'll be, it'll be a good size book. And for those of you that are like, oh man, I wanna know all of the LOL podcast's, most Dirty secrets, but I don't read books. Don't worry. There will be an audio book. And actually I'll make you guys a not a promise. 'cause I don't know if it'll be in there, but might be in there. I'm gonna be putting my family's recipe to the famous chocolate chip cookies. What? What? 'cause they're the best. Look At my arm, Kate. You know, what'd you do to your arm? Oh, Why is it all red? What do you mean? It's the same thing she does every episode. They look like mosquito bites. She keeps Scratching her arm and nobody knows what. No, but it is gonna be so cool.


'cause the audio book, like in each chapter we each have our own chapter and we're each gonna be reading our own chapters. Yeah. So think about it. You guys can fall asleep to me reading to You. It's gonna be like a little gossip session, honestly. Like, we're just gonna be telling you guys every thought We Oh, I don't like the gossip. Thank you though. Thank you though. Well then you don't have to read your chapter. That's fine. But yeah, I'm really, I'm really excited. It's coming together super well. And I, I'm not gonna lie, I've taken a peek at every single one of y'all's chapters. What? What the what? The, I thought we said we were, were peeking. What? No, I've been looking and there's some dirt in there. Let me tell you what y'all been like Loose. I'm putting my true feelings on the page. Just letting it go. He's Matt's using it like a little diary.


Honestly. You guys know how like Matt, you're the kind of guy that would've a diary. What? This is like Matt's diary. Diary isn't not a diary. The Mavery. I have diarrhea. You Do what? The, okay. What did she say? Okay. Well I actually Harper chapter's extra dirty. Yeah, I do what the, I do have actually a diary and one time I was going diarrhea while I was writing my diary. I'm not gonna lie. Me too. Okay. You're just making up stuff. Hey, guess what happened to me today? If you were to tell me two years ago that we would be going on a world tour, I would say that you are insane. I mean, this is crazy.


I'm talking 30 cities, five countries, thousands of fans. I'm so nervous. Why is this emotional? These Tickets are a little, they're gonna sell so quick. What? Oh, I've been waiting to tell the story. I wanted to bring it up. But you go for it. You don't know what I'm gonna say. You got peed on. Ah, man. Stole my lightning. Listen dog. I Met a dog today.


Yay. Big. How a decent sized dog. Big bladder on it. And I, the dog was so excited to see me. All of us walked in and he was especially excited for me and oh, so excited. He was jumping all over me and I was like, oh, come here you little doggy. Are you sure it's a sheep? Well, whatever Name is Dolly. Her name is Dolly. Well, whatever it is. Oh Dolly, it was jumping all over me. And so it's like a pretty medium to large sized dog. But I decided I'm gonna pick it up. So I grow to grab it and I'm like, come here. And I pick it up and as soon as I pick it up, that thing turns into the freaking hurricane harbor and pees all down my leg. All over my pants. Oh heck yeah. It was Horrible. Yep. And we laughed. And I haven't changed my pants actually no.


You guys know that ride at the water park, it's not really a ride, but you go stand in the pool and the big bucket fills up and then it just, I with lunch, oh my gosh, I hate that thing. I know that's what happens. I Feel like I'm drowning. I'm like, no, it Happened to me. Did Kate is literally the type of kid to run away from that. No. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go under that. Oh, This Is so embarrassing. I can't believe this happened. Poor Kate, did it Pull your top down? No. Oh, it pulled my bottoms down.


This episode is brought to you by Vori. Give the active people in your life something they'll truly appreciate. Performance apparel from ri whether they're into running, surfing, hiking, or even just casual walks around the block, there's something for everyone. And if you're not sure what to gift them, you can't go wrong with something from re's dream knit collection. It's the perfect gift. And so comfortable. Get 20% off your first purchase today at vui VUOR i.com/spotify.


Trading shouldn't have barriers. When Robinhood started, it was built to make trading more accessible. Now Robinhood offers more sophisticated trading tools. Experience the future of trading on Robinhood legend. The all new desktop platform that harnesses intuitive design to deliver a seamless experience for traders free to use with a Robinhood account. Robinhood Legend is designed for how you trade with powerful charts including custom intervals down to the tick and over 80 indicators and drawing tools. Trade all your favorite assets, including popular stocks and ETFs all in one place. Take your trading to the next level by customizing your layout in seconds and even enter in exit positions in one tap right from the chart with up to eight charts per layout. The future of trading is fast, powerful, and precise. Experience it now on Robinhood legend. Sign up today. Investing is risky. Robinhood Financial, LLC member SIPC is a registered broker dealer. Other fees may apply Woo


To my ankle, but it it flattened me on the pavement. And my swimsuit bottoms are on my ankle and I'm just being attacked by this waterfall. What the, how Old were you? I Was like, you should file a police report. That thing I was really, I was like nine. My bare butt is just out at the water park. I Can Imagine you're like it was last year. But No, there should be an age limit or like restriction on how old you have to be to stand under the water bucket at those water. That's like when I'd go too. But every time my pants would come off. What, what, what? Who said that? Why y'all acting like that's weird? Everybody's pants comes off when they do. No, shut up. Y'all pants came off with the tube. Okay. My pants have came off.


No, I wish y'all could have seen this dog though. Just spray in cash. I mean it was literally, I'm so serious. Funny. I haven't changed my pants. That's insane. So I Can disgusting. Yeah. That's crazy. 'cause you went and laid down on our bed when you got home. That's Crazy. Oh yeah, I did do that. I literally took a nap on The bed and you literally wonder why. I'm like, oh, you need to change your pan or you need to change your clothes and take a shower before you get in bed. Cash Is so musty. What The He is. Hey, I decided I need to go to the doctor because I am way above average on sleepiness compared to the average human. Same. I fall asleep in every single class, go to bed At nine and yes, I go to bed. I'm, I'm normally asleep by at least midnight and I wake up at like nine to 30.


That's nine. Like in a half hours of sleep. I, I wake up at like seven but I fall asleep every single class Period. Yes. Every day. Like every podcast episode, I'm like, I have to go take at least a 20 minute nap or I'm not gonna be here every episode. I'm like, I gotta go take a 20 minute nap. I have to. Why are you so sleepy? That's what I'm trying to figure out. I I'm trying to figure it out too. 'cause I don't know what's happening with me. Like it's just like the farting thing with your bubble. Like I still haven't figured out my cause and I don't know. I just Have, you know, I, I heard the or not heard. Well yes, I guess I did hear it at a bachelorette trip the other day. We were like talking about different things that, like facts I guess that we know. And what, What you guys do on a bachelorette trip.


Oh, square has, oh right girls, let's talk about fats. No, we were just sitting down like chatting like girls, you know, and they were like, oh my gosh. Yeah, I heard this the other day. Anyways, apparently guys need eight hours of sleep, right? Women need 10 hours of sleep. That's Such, oh that's No. And when you're, and when you're pregnant you need more than 10 hours. Okay. Maybe when you're pregnant but not when you're not pregnant. If you just a woman, you don't need more sleep than a man. You know what I heard? I heard the higher your IQ is, you need more sleep. So maybe that's a sign Harper. No. What? Maybe we're just above smartness to allergy. I actually Do have a high iq. When I took my A DHD test to figure it out if I-A-D-H-D they said, they said your daughter has a very high iq.


Oh Wow. Congratulations. And the older you get, I looked up, the older you get, the less sleep you need. So that's why old people are always like up at like 5:00 AM and they're like, get outta bed. Get outta bed. But when you're younger you need more sleep. And actually that specific story actually happened to me one time. My grandma came into my room clapping like this time to wake up. Time to wake up. It was my friend's grandma. She comes into the room, she's clapping At me. That's what my grandma Thought. No, no. But this was my friend's grandma, not my grandma. And she comes into the room clapping at me like this. And she, this is her specific words that I'm not even exaggerating. She's clapping at me, opens the door, turns the lights on. This was insane. She opens the door, turns the lights on, she's like, Nope, time to wake up.


Time to wake up. I'm like, it's 8:00 AM on a weekend. Let me sleep in. And I'm not exaggerating. She looks at me and she goes, Nope, you're not gonna be a spoiled brat in this house. Time to get up. I was like, what? Laughing. I just like, we literally just met this chick and then I go out to the living room and other kids are sleeping in the living room and she's letting them be. She had it out for me. She did. She didn't like you. That's what my mom does when she wakes up. She's like, wake up little Charlie. And I'm like, man, please. Little Charlie. Charlie what the wait, Sing the song. She sings or she's like wakey, wakey eggs and bakey. Oh I see that. And she try. That's Cute though. It's Like no.


And she tries to be like, like singing and stuff and I just wanna like punch her in the face and go back. Don't say That. None of our grandma, that's relatable. I Can punch anyone in the face when they're waking me up. Dude, Nobody wants to Wake up. Our granny, if she did this, she would literally walk in and she'd go, Hey, it's time to wake up. And if you did, oh no, she was hoping you did it. That's what he's saying. She would walk in like quietly. She's like, Hey, it's time to wake up saying from across the room. Like, I mean no chance you're going hear this woman. And then she like waits like two minutes, not even. And if you don't wake up, she's like, Hmm. Just runs off to the kitchen, comes back with a glass of water and just pours it straight on you. Straight on you just Straight on your face.


She purposely whispered 'cause she wanted to pour water. Right. And then She's like, I told you to Get up And you know, you know my friend's grandma. Yeah. The same wake up. Yeah, the same grandma. Actually one time, you know those little pop, its you throw on the ground like little fireworks. Yeah. Throw 'em on the concrete and they pop. Me and my friend had 'em and she comes outside and she's like, no fireworks in the neighborhood. That's illegal. Nope. We're like, it's a puppet. Like calm down granny. And I'm not kidding. She's like going off on us. So I, We take our puppets and we start throwing 'em at her and she got so mad. You're The worst. What do you mean? She's being the old grandma trying to tell me I can't go popping on the ground. We start throwing him at her and she gets so mad and she run, goes inside and tries to help.


She was gonna call the Police. Yeah. She said she was gonna call the police on us. I was like, you better run Fast. Horrible. Why that happen? There Was also this other time that Maverick was sitting with one of his friends and the girl's like crying. Oh my God. And MA's just like talking to her and he like leans in and gives her a hug and the grandma comes up behind them and it's just like, Uhuh, None of that. She loves clapping. The girl turns around, The girl turns around. She just has like her mascara. Everything's just like, Once grandma was like clapping, She's like, and she's still just like, it just kinda walks away clapping. She did not, I don what she And then the family.


So it, it was my family's dad and he would let the grandma stay with him 'cause she didn't have a place. So then finally he had enough, 'cause the grandma was kind of psycho. So he got her to go one the glass? Yeah. He got her to go live in like a home with like two or three other grandmas. Oh. And they kicked her out because she was so annoying. Hey, what's food coming Then? Kate, remember your grandpa? Her grandpa name is Pappy and he, he walks about half a mile an hour. I'm not even kidding. I'm like, He does this Ka Do you know what Pappy's real name is? Yeah, Pap. Oh Yeah. Well No I know this. You Do know this. What was my grandma's name?


Oh, bill. Yeah, his name is Bill. Shout out Bill. Wait, Isn't This so cute? My grandma's name was Penny and my grandpa's name was Bill. Aw. And it's actually, no, this is crazy story. What's crazy as No, no don't, don't ruin. It was my story. Okay. Sorry. Actually know you can say it. I say your stories all the time. Yeah. You wanted to name your kids Penny and Bill. Yeah. And I told Kate that when we first started dating. I was like, I've always wanted to name my kids Penny and Bill because my name's Cash. And she's like, no way. That's my grandparents' names. And it kind of seemed less cool, but No, I think it's so cute. I Did you ever, Did your parents ever call or did somebody ever call your bill or Bill William? Yeah, his real name is William. Wait, What? Yeah, that's like a thing. Like people whose real name is William. I, We have Penelope and William.


What, What is with old people like that, that is A thing. Like, You know, how is that a thing though? Type? My name's Richard, but you call me, most people call me Kevin. Yeah. One Of my, one of my friend's name is Parker, but his real name is Robert. Like what? No, I Don't dunno why but first time I've like heard it multiple times now. Like when there are guys whose name is William, but they go by Bill and I don't know why, how the two are Like my, I makes no sense. Yeah. My dad's two brothers. So my dad's real name is Daniel, but he goes by Danny from his mom and Dan by my mom. And then, and then Bill is by her, by his mom. She, he goes by Billy. We call him Uncle Bill. He goes, his real name's William. And then my uncle Mike. Okay. I'm laughing.


My uncle Mike's grandma's step cousin who married Billy now calls him Billy Bill. If they gave me a toaster. You already described your whole family Treated. I Was the whole family. But For you. But they, they call Mike my, my My, no, we don't wanna hear about Mike, But they, his brother is Michael and they call him Mikey, but I just call him Uncle Mike. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Well Mikey and Mike makes sense. But anyways, Pappy, her brother had some friends over and they, the Pappy's room was right next to her brother's room and her brother and all his friends stayed up gaming all night. So Pappy was frustrated 'cause he was keeping him up.


So he, he got revenge in the morning because you know, he wakes up at like 5:00 AM 6:00 AM 'cause he's an old person. Oh. So he woke up at like five or 6:00 AM and he goes into the room and like I said, he walks at half mile an hour. So there's no way you're hearing him coming and is this your nail? Why would you gimme your nail? Ew Harper. Ew. Ew. She Just picked it off finger and set it On him. Why? Oh okay. Keep going. Oh yeah. Anyways, he walks in the room and to get them back for keeping 'em up all night. He was like, I'm gonna wake 'em up real early. So he takes a glass of water and he throws it on Kate's brother's friend. And then he wakes up and he's like, it's tired. He thinks he's like on the other side of the bed.


So he didn't see Pappy run away even though it was like half a mile an hour. And he wakes up and he wakes up and he's like pissed. And two of the kids wake up from getting water thrown and they're both like, why'd you do water on me dude? And he's like, no, you do water on me. And then he's like, no, it's Pappy. And Michael gets up and he went and yelled at Pap 'cause he was like, you get the water on me, my friends. But he opens the bedroom door and Pappy's still like shuffling away. Yeah, He was still, that was 24. He went to go get Pappy and he goes yell at him. And he was still making his getaway. He's so cute. Do you think he watches the show? No. Oh no. He doesn't know how to, I've tried to explain to him what, what we do does he hold like two people and he doesn't get it.


Like I told him about our live shows 'cause he is in like a, an assisted living now. And he's like, I told him about our live shows and I told him about the TikTok I posted with him, you remember that outfit trend that used to go around where it was like you would say something about your outfit and then the per next person went. Yeah. Yeah. So I did that with Pappy and we were like Stripe shirt in a wheelchair. Striped shirt in a wheelchair because that was his outfit was, he was in a stripes shirt in a wheelchair. And I tried to explain to him that there was like a couple hundred thousand like views and he didn't get it, but he tried to, he was like, really? He didn't like his nursing home so he kept trying to get in trouble. So they'd kick him out. He Would, he would literally do bad things and gets sent into the office. He bad. No, he'd get sent to the office and they would've to call Kate's parents and they'd be like, Hey, Pappy's in trouble again.


And her mom would've to drive down there and be like, pap, you gotta stop this. Was there like a principal of the whole like it was like a Yeah, it was like a senior living place that he just wanted out. And so Dude, I would be in the principal's office all the time when I'm old. Yeah, He was, he was a menace. Would y'all ever like be In the principal's office when y'all were like in school? No, I never did. I mean, I only went to the second grade, but I never got sent to the principal's office. Dude, they called my name over the intercom once. No way. Yes dude. It was like, no, no, no, please. No. It was terrifying. What Was it for? What Happened? I walked, I was like in tears. I remember it was like first grade. I was like, I don't walk ashamed. Oh no. So I was like walking through the hallway and, and it's weird when you're in school and like you walk through the hallway, like in first grade, everyone's always in the hallway when you're in the hallway.


But when you have to go out to walk alone all the way to the principal's office, it's like, this is it Kind. Scary. And I got there and I don't even remember what it was. It was something stupid. I'm trying to think. Oh you remember, I think I, I can't remember if this was the principal's office or it was a teacher, but I think this was a teacher. But by the way, this is a funny story. I was in like, like it was kindergarten or first grade and for whatever reason we were all playing tag. But I thought it'd be funny to spank one of the girls while I was playing tag. Oh my God. I don dunno why I did it. Yo. Okay. I was in first grade. Okay, yo.


So I like yo maps that kid, that place I seek in the dark and everybody's like, yo, who touched me man. So I just, you're that guy. Why would you spank one of the Girls? I don know, but I, I remember getting in trouble for that and I was, I remember thinking like, why is this bad? What, why am I in trouble here? There was always that one kid. I swear. Okay. And we're back. Wait, we're back. Wait, was that only me? No, we're back. That's done. We're done with that. Whatcha talking about we're back? No, that you has to get cut. Why? I I why Does I gotta be cut. Listen man, I'm just saying that has to be cut. You're the ones spanking girls. Dude.


No. Kate, did you ever get In trouble in school? Said Let's move on. No, shut up now. This is a real thing. No, don't say girls. I wasn't a repeat felon. Okay. Did you ever get fake while playing tag? I don't think so. But I guarantee you Kate did you ever can't touch you play hide and seek in the dark. What were you like, What are you tag? Stop saying that. No, just wait. It Sounds bad. It sounds bad. I know, but is it true? Yes. See, it happens. I've never unto by you like 13 or 14 and you're like playing hide and seek in the dark. Like, and then somebody like touches you on that. The guys are always low, cute trying to be like, oh, I found you. Yeah, that's a common thing.


I've never been hide. Not that at my age, but y'all got some Weird friends. What? What? Y'all are weird. I've never seen how to go, go seek an anybody Who's been like, been like, found you and Walked away. Hey. Hell, I mean, that's better though, at least. Or they're, or they're like, turn around found you at least getting like found you and the hide seat in the dark. That's way better than just doing it right out in the open and tag dude on the, I didn't know it was bad in first grade on the playground. She's just run up the slide and I was like, gotcha. And like a dresser Something you just, you know What I, I got in trouble or I didn't get in trouble but I got somebody in trouble because when I was in You reported me.


No, I'm kidding. No, when I Was in a date. Oh Kate, you're totally the girl that reports everyone. I sure was. And you know what, what? It worked out in my favor because when my siblings And I, I like Kate's the self-report girl. She's like, I did something bad. No, no, no. But when I was in daycare, my, my siblings and I, We would have like a summer daycare we went to and the teachers every year they like loved my brother's sister. And I like, for some reason we were like the golden children in this daycare. Wait, wait, hold on. You remember this? Oh Yeah. Well because it was like, I, We did this daycare in, People were to daycare in like first, second, third grade during the Summer. Yeah, it was, it was probably Like eight. I was probably like eight or nine. I see, I see, I see. So We were like at this like summer daycare and the teachers loved us and so I was always like a little teacher's pet in this daycare.


And there's this one time my sister broke her arm. Right. And we would like watch movies every day in this class and they kicked everybody off the couch 'cause they put like 10 kids on the couch and you know, all the kids are like crushed. 'cause you wanted a spot on the couch. And then one day Anna with her broken arm was like, I'd rather sit on the couch alone with just my sister and my brother. And they kicked all the kids off the couch because Anna's arm was broken. That's crazy. Dang. Yeah. But anyways, what I was saying is when we were point is they loved us. So when I was violated what I reported it and that's why the teachers loved me. So I was, I was tying my shoes and I had like my little leg up and the, there was this book in class and there's a girl in the book. Her name was Caitlyn. And for some reason Caitlyn was talking about the color for underwear, which is really weird for a children's Book.


Well what? Yeah, so it was like, it was like, my name is Tommy and I have green shoes. My name is Bobby and I have a blue shirt. My name is Caitlyn and I have pink underwear. And it was like Way outta pocket. I, We did not book to a bunch of kids, dude. I'd be like, Hey yo. What? Yeah. So it was like kind of out of pocket, but it was on the bookshelf for us to like look at. And so the kids come over to me and they're like, Kate, there's a girl in the book named Caitlyn. And I was like, oh cool. And they're like, she's wearing pink underwear. And I was like, okay. And this one kid is like, what color underwear are you wearing? And I was like, I don't know. And I was like, just tie my shoe. And he gets on the ground, I'm sitting on the ground, he gets on the ground and just looks, ah, while my leg is up. And he looks and he lifts his head back up and he was like, nah, she's not wearing pink underwear.


And then he's like, nah, she's not wearing underwear at all actually. And, and Then he just walked away and I was like, I didn't see me. Oh my God. And so, my gosh. And I told the teacher and that kid got written up for trying to look up my shorts. He probably had no like bad intentions. No, No. I, he had no bad intentions. But I was just, I remember thinking like, that's crazy. I Mean, yeah. And I think we kind of skimmed over it a little too quick, but why were you spanking girls? Yeah. You were think tag. I didn't really think about it. Wait, but I mean, I mean not, hold on. Not even girls. Why were you spanking people? I don't know it in general. Did you get Your Eyebrows done? Stop taking people? No. No. But me and you play tag a lot as a kid and I never got one on the bum. Well I learned that that was not appropriate. That's crazy.


I, I Can, what time? I would love to defend myself better, but I don I an explanation. You can you imagine being a teacher dude and you just like see a kid just spank a girl at like freaking 60 years old. It's like, oh man, you can't do that. Like, You also explain to the like hardheaded 7-year-old why it's not appropriate. And Then you just look over in daycare and some kid's looking up another girl and you're like, what are you doing man? Trying to see the color of her underwear. Oh, come on. One time in pre-K or I guess my sister was in pre-K 'cause we were at the same school so I guess I was like only four. And we were on the playground and this boy had the hugest crush on her and he went up and he was like trying to kiss her. So I walked up to him, my little 4-year-old self about yay Paul.


Four four. And I climb up the little ladder and I slap him and I bite him and I push him down the slide. Oh gosh. Yeah. It was so funny. So much. That was so funny. No, but our families were really good friends with their family and so we would talk about it until like the age of 18. Like so that's alright time. I wish that guy on the Side, my sister, she was like four or something and she went into, and she did this multiple times to like two or three boys. When she was like four. She would lean in to go kiss 'em and then when they would try to kiss her, she'd bite their lips. Not kidding happened multiple times. They Need to look up, they need to literally look up like a how to kiss tutorial or something.


She do it on perfect. She just, ah, oh, Have y'all watched Love on the Spectrum yet? I have not. No. I've, I've seen, okay. I've seen so many clips. I feel like I've watched the whole show, but like, I haven't had a, Well there's this one girl and she's like trying to learn how to kiss and she uses a cupcake and they should not not chew the whole thing. It's a bit disturbing to watch. I relate What the what? No, I I it's kind of sad. Did you guys ever, when you were like 13 when you were like learning to kiss or like wanting, Where are you going with this? Like, did you ever like up or like w or like wiki how tutorial? Oh, Matt was a wiki out tutorial. Do Oh, I wasn't the only wiki out tutorial because you looked at the wiki out tutorial. No, Maverick Wiki out tutorial. Everything. I mean how to kiss a girl, how to get a girl to like you in 10 steps, how to dress 10 steps.


How did, I won't lie, I was at like peak wiki. How like that coming out my age was probably like around the same. And I wiki how some things, okay, how to dress like a man that not that, Well you know what, you can make fun of cash or you can make fun of Maverick all you want for his Wiki house searches. But you have probably the worst Wiki house search to date. What? What do you mean? When you proposed to me? Okay. That's not a wiki. How You did I I opened up your phone and you were on W Wiki. What Wiki how searched how to propose. No, I did. I don't know why she's saying that. Is this Like Wikipedia? Yeah. It's like, no, It's no what Wiki, how Wiki How is like just a website? Oh my gosh. Y'all dunno what Wiki, how is it's Just a website? No wiki. How is a YouTube channel back in the day?


What wikiHow is a website? Yes. They also had YouTube tutorials. But it's a website primarily. Yeah. Oh. Like when you look Something up. Well when you're think what I'm thinking that it would pop up and be like, do and it'd be like you're thinking of Howcast Howcast. That's what it was. Matt would howcast everything and it would be a YouTube video and it's like, do you wanna smell good for ladies in under 10 ways? Here's the top 10 deodorants you need to do off. Anytime I would've watched something like that, you would not have been around. Okay. So what are you talking about here, dog? We like practically shared a room. Okay. Yeah, you, you were listening to, you're On the top bunk listening to it and you're like, ASHA's never gonna know. Yeah. He's like How to spank girls? I'm like, what you doing down there?


Stop. How to play tag First steps. Spank how? Floor join game. I'll never playing tag with you. Don't ask me ever again. I Can never ask anyone to play tag after exposing myself. There's no way I Can actually ever asked anyone to play tags. Say No like a fan. Like do you wanna play tag? Wait Kate. Yeah. Someone, a kid's gonna walk up to me and be like, you wanna play tag person? Be like, no sweetie. Sorry, What'd you say? What were you saying about when he proposed? Oh Yeah, no.


Okay. Oh, cash. Do you know what Wiki, how is I know you do 'cause I caught you using it. You Didn't catch me using Wiki. How I use Safari? No. Okay. When You look up something on Safari Safari's, a browser, it tells you too Wiki. How like the first thing is the Wiki. How website? Well, you don't know. You don't know what I read. 'cause you all you did was look at my search history. No. And yes, I Opened up my, I opened up his phone when cash proposed to me. It was like, it was a beautiful proposal. And downtown Dallas with the city skyline behind us, our family is all there. I beautiful music, video song, everything's perfect. And he proposes. And then right after he proposes, you know, we take our pictures and stuff Has candy, cane, nails on. Yeah. That was so unfortunate.


That's great. Candy Cane nails during a proposal, don't recommend. But he, I take his phone 'cause we're like about to start going to dinner with all our friends and I open up his phone and it, it's on Safari and It says, This was after I proposed. Yeah, this is right after he proposed. Hi. It's on a website called What To Say. When you proposed it was Wiki. How? Yeah. Now let me tell you something. First of all, it was not Wiki. How that was my Google search and my Google search might have been something you didn't wanna see, but to be fair, what did you want me to do? Plan out more than hard 30 seconds In advance. That was planning it out. I did research. Okay. When you go through research, no, it's supposed to be you with a piece of paper and a pen.


No research allowed. Research is allowed. You research everything if you wanna be knowledgeable. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Knowledgeable about how you love your wife. That was Probably the craziest search I'd ever seen in my entire life was when my husband proposed to me, he looked up on Google. What to say when I proposed as I was walking up the stairs. Yeah. I was kind of freaking out. Wait, Was that actually the timeline? It wasn't earlier in the day. No, she wrote up. I was like, oh shoot. I literally remember I looked over at AVR paper someone, I was like, man, stop playing tag real quick. I was like, listen, what do I say now? And they were like, I don't know. I was like Smacking paints Butt. I, I like got my phone and I was like, what to say when I propose. And it really, it gave me something pretty basic. So that's what I went with. What did you say?


What did you say? It's on the music video. Go watch it. Yeah, it's like 24 like William or something like that. And I don have something. That's it. You had to look up. Will you marry me? Hey, I don't, if I remember correctly, when Maverick proposed to you, he didn't say a whole lot. He didn't say Anything, but he had a lot prepared. What do you mean? Well, I had a lot prepared. I just didn't have my notes in front of me, you know, so it kind of went away. Yeah, exactly. But I did say a good amount you this, which makes it even worse. You're telling me you never Googled and you know what? Whatsoever I anything to say? I, I said my wedding vows. Did you? I did. I don't remember his wedding vows. I did. No one did. Did y'all say wedding vows? Yeah. On, on stage? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Really? When y'all, when y'all Go, they, they're in our, our wedding video.


That's like the back. You forgot to make your wedding vows. Yeah. So did Kate. Yeah. Okay. And it makes, it makes me so sad. I wish we would know. Yeah. We're practically, we're not even married at this point. Yeah. Literally like fake marriage over There. Wait, have You farted in front of Maverick yet? Probably on accident by now. She won't even go. Let me be in the room in my, the bedroom. If she's going to the restroom, give it a couple years, Kate rips like no other. Now people Need to do a complexion on how many times I've asked that. 'cause I ask it a lot. We're Waiting Until you guys come back to us in maps. Like guess what, Kenzie farted in front of me. Yeah. Can you like record it? I will. If she ever tells me I'm about to fart, I'll to. I would never say that. Ever.


You Don't think that when you're 10 years into marriage, you'll say that. I'm not gonna be like Maverick, I'm about to expel gas. Hold on. Wait, really? I have a question. Kate does. Sometimes we go back and forth at it. She goes and then I'm like, ew, really? And then I gotta go to even it out. So her far, it doesn't come onto my side of the room. Okay. Real quick. How did you know that he searched that in the wikiHow thing? Well Because right after when everyone was like, where do you wanna go for dinner, Kate? I didn't have my phone on me. So I was like, oh, I'll just, I took Cass's phone and when I opened his phone up, that's what it was on. Oh, I was gonna go look for restaurants. Yes. I forgot to clear my search history. Sue me. Okay. Yeah. Highly Embarrassing. I don wanna see y'all search histories With the, yeah, Let's Look at Cassius search history.


Whoa, why am mine? Hey what ha That was Easy. My search history is probably pretty good recently. I have searched up What? Hmm? What? See, I don't remember what I searched. Oh, is it illegal to speed? That's a good question. 'cause I see a lot of people doing it and I was pretty sure there was a a, a law that if other people are speeding it is okay for you to speed. So I looked up what, what dog? Yes, it's called Keeping up with the flow of traffic. How to sell a dog. Let me see This. That's a valid one in case you need to know. Hey, which one you try to sell?


No, because I Can help you How to sell a dog. How long does a conquer spaniel live? Well, now I know. Yes. Okay. Well you gotta think about it from a realism point of perspective. Why Are you looking that up? She's not dying anytime soon. Yeah, that's what I found out. I actually can't believe you searched that. That's crazy. Why, why Would you look up? How long does a cocker spaniel live? Because we own one. Okay. I wanted to make sure we have a long time to live and spend with her. Okay, then why did you say how to sell a dog? And you got about half the time left. Was this after or before the other dog peed on you? This was after the dog peed on me. What the okay. He Did after we walked out of that house, he was like, I hate dogs. I hate them.


I do hate dogs. I hate dogs actually. Sorry. I like dogs. I don't like taking care of dogs. I don't like owning a dog. Oh my God. But I like other people that have dogs. Wow. Wow. Okay. Well what does, are you, does Candy Crush Whatcha doing? Do What does s mean on, Are you clearing your search history right now? How you doing? No, no, no, no, no, No, no. He, his, his most recent search, which I don't know why you felt the need to Google this. What does S mean on a tampon? What? I bet none of y'all know. Super. No. Yeah, no, not super. It's super. I think it means super. Yeah. Wait, I obviously, I didn't mean you girls. Girls, okay. I meant The way I know that. I was actually gonna say small. See? Okay, what does don't answer. Wait, why are you looking at tampon packages?


Because I saw the letters Where? In my room, not my room, but like, you know our room. Oh yeah. Okay. And there's SR and I. Do you know what, what do you think R means regular? Yes. That was pretty good. Oh yeah. I thought I meant right and left because there's one that says L two. What? I didn't know that's large. That's why I had to Google. No, It's not, it's not large. What? Do you know what it means? See, tell me it's not large. See you thought I was stupid. Long lasting, no long. I don't know. No, no, no. Don't say anything until we guess it because I didn't Google L because I Googled R and then it said regular and then I Googled S because I thought S meant super limited.


Wait, is that what it meant? Yeah. Yeah. It's like super flow. What without mean. Okay, wait. Super regular, Not limited. Low. Yeah. I was sitting there looking at a tampon pack long while I was taking a dump and there was L and r and I was like, what the freak? Could that mean? Is it an L or is he making that up? No, there is, See it's confusing. What is the L for? Well, Do you want me to tell you get yelled? Like, no, wait, wait. Let me actually really think about this. Should we Say what? Like, like it is just the biggest or the smallest? No, No, no, no. Okay. L Figure it out. Makes it low long. Oh, it's not low. No. Or large? No. Or long light. Yeah, let's go light.


That's the same thing as low. Nailed it. Did you? Alright, what else have I searched? And I'm telling you, you know how long that puzzled me? Every time I'd sit down on the toilet, I'd see r and l and I was like, I was like, hmm. And then, and one day I was like, that's it, I'm done with this. I'm Googling this. But I, I didn't, I never googled the L 'cause then I saw s and I was like, why is there so many letters? What? Well, okay, how to get away with tax and best What, what? We'll, we'll move on. Okay. That was a fair tax. Lemme see your search history. I, okay, mine's, I mean, there's nothing to it. Lemme see it. Gimme that.


Come on. Actually, everyone gimme your phone. No, no, No, no, No. I Whoa. Gimme your phone. No, Because you can't read them out loud because Unfortunately I'm gonna read it. So gimme The phone. Can, can Kenzie and I read it? No you can't because it's really bad. What? Like you,


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply Location.


The lab. Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What Is this? A movie trailer? He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow. That's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for, They'll literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time. Go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up. These may apply.


This episode is brought to you by select quote, life insurance can have a huge impact on our family's future. With select quote, getting covered with the right policy for you is simple and affordable. Select quotes, licensed insurance agents will tailor your experience to find a life insurance policy for your needs in as little as 15 minutes. And select quote partners with carriers that provide policies for many conditions. Select quote, they shop you save. Go to select quote.com/spotify pod today. To get started, please.


Searching Harper. Hi babe. What's going on? Just give the phone for, Okay. Okay. Just, just look at the third one. What? Read it. Read it. Share With the class. I I, I can't Read it. Unfortunately. I cannot read this forever. Before I go over there and play tag with you, I'll give you a million dollars to read this out loud. Okay, bet. No, no. Why? What was with the 360? Wait, gimme that, gimme that. Gimme that. No, I wanna read it. Come on. Oh, did he locked? Oh, unlock it. Okay. Isn't it that Bad? Let's see. Wait. Everybody knows but me.


What Is it? Yo, no, I'm protecting you. No, please. Okay. You can't show the, just watch Your face. Watch your face. It's so funny. But man, sorry guys, we can't, that's the type of stuff we're putting in the book. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. We gotta hold that out for the book. Anyways, Kate's is actually pretty interesting. Good gosh. Harper, why are you looking stuff like that up? Anyway, That's going in the book for Sure. The Okay. I'm being so honest. The No, no, no. Just don't. Don't. Okay, Okay, okay. Okay. I was trolling on that. Swear on everything. Right. On everything.


Right, right. Anyways, Kate's is very interesting. Kate is, Kate's is literally the opposite of what I Googled. Hers is cocker spaniels for adoption. Well, meanwhile, I was Googling how to sell one, how to prevent my dog from dying. Can my dog die from wheezing? She's been wheezing. All she wheezed all morning. Yeah, she laughs. She was wheezing. Like she walked in like her legs were like completely stiff. But she was walking. Yeah. And she was like, and I was like, oh, she's dying. Why does my dog sound like he can't breathe? And then she said, why does my dog sound like she can't breathe?


As if that would make a difference. And then we got what we have. Design your way. Design your home your way. Oh, we're Building a house. I've been looking up how to, you know, home designs. And then we got a bunch of FedExes. We, I have package lot of FedEx too. Dang. We got a bunch of restaurant searches. Woo woo. I was making dinner reservations for a birthday dinner tomorrow Night. We have how, whose Birthday? Our friend Ashley. Oh Yeah. How to not grind your teeth at night. Oh, Okay. Side story. What? I think I'm grinding my teeth because I've been waking up with that like a migraine every morning. And it's be, and it's like I looked it up.


It can be because you're grinding your teeth and my retainers are so worn from like where you bite. So I think I'm grinding my teeth right hard. Do you ever feel your retainers with your tongue and it's like, kind of like sandpapered off? No. Okay. What I, that's how I use, I Wash my retainers every night. No, Like, like, like, like The retainers offer your grinding my teeth. 'cause I do it too. Oh, it's like Sandpapered. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. Hey Kinzie, gimme your phone. Mine's not gonna be very interesting. I did, I looked up a whole lot of FedEx the last two days. Yeah, that's Kate is full of. It's FedEx. Listen. No. I bought a thousand dollars curling iron. Well that a thousand dollars You got scammed And it might be scammed. Yeah. Even if the thing came in the mail, it was a scam.


Why would you pay a thousand dollars for a curling Iron? Well, no, I'm, I'm doing a YouTube video where I'm buying curling irons from $1 to a thousand dollars and I only need the a thousand dollars curling iron left. And it's taking three weeks to come in and it finally said that FedEx came to the door, but then they decided not to drop it off at the door for some reason. Yeah. So anyways, I've been looking up FedEx a lot. Kate, one of Kate's says, why does deodorant make me smell worse? This is true. Did you have an issue? Yeah. What was that? I switched deodorants and I feel like it was making me smell worse. And then I realized it's a real thing. There's like a chemical imbalance that can happen when you, I mean y'all don't care. But yeah, it was making me like smell worse.


Don't tell Maverick that. Really? What does he tries to Use As an excuse not to wear? What Does matcha tastes like? Oh, matcha. Apparent grass Tastes like grass. Yeah, It does taste like grass. All my friends are like so gross. Oh. Oh can you're gonna love it. It's like earthy. One sip, earthy tastes like dirt. Kelsey Ballerina. No, Kelsey Ballerini. Oh whatever. HTO. There's just nothing in there. What is a child's life expectancy? Is that in there? Why Would you say that? What? Wait. Oh no, she, I think you misspelled it. 'cause then the next one is what is a Child's life specialist?


Specialist? Let me see, what does it say? Child's, What does that say? Child's life Specialist. I mean, Kenzie's is so boring. Oh Yeah. I saw this girl on TikTok. She was Like, well, I'm sorry. She was like, oh, I'm a child life specialist. She works in like a children's hospital. She's like, welcome to a day of my life as a child life specialist. And I was like, what the heck is that? They pretty much like literally just like be friends with the kids in the hospital. It's, Don't let anyone, how long do you paralyze people live? I was wondering like if their life expectancy goes down. Why does everyone care about dog's Life expectancies, children's life expectancies. Paralyze people's life. Expect what is up with us. Where to find wondering. Marriage record identification. What? Oh, I haven't changed my name illegally yet.


And so one of the questions on the social security website was where to find your marriage id. Yeah. So I was Googling it. Yo, this is a perfect representation of every single time I watch a movie with Kate, she googles everything about it. And I have to tell you, no, no, no. Do not. That's tell me anything. Just in this one movie. Look at how many things she's Googled. This was the American sniper. She googled Chris Kyle. Chris Kyle died. Why was Chris Kyle killed? Wait, was he Chris Kyle's wife. What does military skull mean? American Sniper. American Sniper Bigs. Oh my God. Which is the guy's name on there.


American Sniper's Bigs Real life. Why did Bigs die? Geez, Kate. Oh my goodness. Why did the guy shoot Chris Kyle? What Kate? I mean just watch the movie. Wait no. The other Day off the phone. The other day a friend came over watching a movie and this friend And then the next one is How to Disconnect From Apple CarPlay. This friend Kidding. Stop. Like giving up What was happening next in the movie? It, she had never watched a movie before, but she was like, oh yeah this is probably gonna happen. And then 10 seconds later it would happen And Kate was getting so angry about it. What? But I'm like, Kate, you're just gonna Google it anyway, so what is it? But it was so funny. Yeah. What is the Coconut Cult?


What are you, are you coconut enjoying that? You Look, you Google in between Sonic Low carb food, then it goes Coconut Cult and then it goes Sonic Tater Tots. So Coconut, I wonder is that a drink at Sonic? What is, what is Coconut Cult? I never Heard of that, but Let's see. Oh, Ashley was telling me about this. Yeah. The Coconut Cult. Yeah, she was telling me, apparently Coconut Cult is like a coconut yogurt, but it's like a probiotic one. And it's like you take a spoonful of it every morning and it's really good for you. And Ashley was like explaining it to me. She's like, yeah, I've been taking the Coconut cult yogurt. And I was like, coconut cult yogurt. What's that? So I looked it up while we were on our way to Sonic. Oh yeah. She's in between the Tots.


Yeah. So I was like, I need to find like a drink at So Sonic that I could have Ashley started talking about Coconut Cult and then I wanted to know what the carbs were on top. Sonic tater tots. Because what if I Can have 'em? I couldn't, but what if I'd be sad if I never looked it up? You know? I mean I don't really feel like tater tots are good for anybody. So Tainter tots? No. I love those. But they're not good for you. Well no they are. No, they, They, they now lemme see yours. Oh, uhoh, since you went Through mine, I'm just so bored. You don't wanna go through my search Trying to Change it bro. Mine was just trolling. But the rest is just all like mad facts in Stuff and it, you're Looking up a lot of madox passing and stuff. April 20th. Funny egg jokes.


Don't know why I did that. What is this? How, how many milli amps are one Amp? How many milliamps are one amp? What? What does that mean? Well I need to know how many milliamps are in an amp. What does that even, okay. All milli Milliamps. So it would be a million right? No, It's a thousand. Why do you need to know that? Well, the other day when we were working on the bike, I was having to test the milliamps to the spark plug to see if there was any. Okay. Never. Yeah, Don't ask. I don't even know what a milliamp is. Dude. Milkshakes near me. That sounds about right dude. What the you fast free. What you like Tater tots?


Another milkshakes near Me. Oh my God. How long do penguins live? 20 years long one live this Man and his daggum animals. Hey, the longest one live 43 years in Africa. You serious? You said DI know, I heard that too. I don didn't say anything. D gum animals Man in D. So he just gotta know all the things. Best queso Lowe's. It was at Lowe's. That was the best queso. No, it was not at Lowe's. This Is a separate search. I wanna make a queso one day. I wanna make a queso. You look like the YouTube and day I'm gonna write a book. Oh wait, Listen. If I ever drop a queso brand, y'all better buy it 'cause it's gonna be the best day Ever.


Queso. What if we all just started, Mav should have been called the Go ahead. What if we all just started like our own thing? Like Mav makes a queso brand. I become a New York Times bestselling author. I Become a famous a singer. Yeah. Harper's a famous singer. Mav, I Can you finally do standup comedy. A Rodeo queen And cash is a stay at home Dad Pu stand home Dad. What? What is This? I'm gonna do standup comedy one day. I I know there has to be an explanation 'cause I know you wouldn't just search this. How to buy a baby A valid situations. Thank you. You Searched that Well. Alright. Me and like adoption. No, I wanted to buy a baby. No, I didn't want to buy a baby. Like behind your back. I'm just saying like, I was just looking up how to buy a baby.


I would check your bank account because I heard they're expensive. They actually were very cheap. What did you find Out On Craigslist? Like a baby for Sale? Well, they're how you cannot just buy a baby? You talking human baby. Human baby. Hmm. Can't buy one. But I had to do that once. Yeah. What? What? Okay. I did. What do you mean you bought a baby? It was four. I bought a baby once. You did not buy a baby? Yes I did. Okay. Are You talking How much you wanna back Kenzie? I'll bet you Met me. Your life savings. Okay. You did not buy a baby Aunt MA's life savings. You did Not buy a human baby. Wait. Yes I did. I bought a baby too. Yeah. What?


We both bought babies together. Yes. Thank you. I don remember when we bought babies? I told you now you owe me your life savings. What? And you No, no. See, I take them the house out, catch it over in a Video where he like buys eggs. Like maybe you know the frozen eggs you can buy them. No. First of all, do you know how babies are making Kenzie? Yes. What are talking about? Who? Humans don't lay eggs. Women Can sell their eggs. What the heck is she talking about? You're not interested in buying anyone's eggs? Yo, I'm not buying you eggs. Oh, you Just said you bought a baby. Not eggs. Why would I buy eggs? Also, babies aren't made for eggs. You already, boy, babies. You're mad confused. Yes. Babies are made from mother eggs.


Yes. Wait, mother Goose. I'm talking about human babies. Yes. A period each month is an egg. No, I'm talking about what? What? No, we all hatch eggs. Yes, Dude. She's delusional. She doesn't get it. She does not understand. Y'all don't get it. Oh my gosh. I will go get the baby. You don't have a baby? Yes. I, We bought a baby Zelle. Zelle. Are you kidding? I wanna sit in this chair. Okay, well what Are we actually talking about? I'm placing our Chipotle order Harper. And I wanna talk about your actual order. Okay? You just wanna bowl with three scoops of white rice and carnitas. Yes Ma'am. This is high quality content. I mean, what, what I'm she Wants, wants just a bunch of rice and some chicken.


You don't want like no cheese or none of that. Only some chips too. Okay, chips, did you get that? What the heck? I told you we bought a baby. He, Hey, be quiet, man. Oh my gosh. Okay. Stop cash. That's what I was gonna ask. Can you like freak it out? What? Why did Y'all buy Okay, for a video, which is what I was gonna kind of do right there. That was kinda what I was gonna do for the video. I don't know how this ended up right here, but like, I'm just gonna give it back. That's So sad. That looks so real. Look at It, Harper. It looks real. Oh my gosh. It's just, look even has eyelashes. What's it called? A baby a li a live baby.


No, It's a baby doll. A live baby. I, that was embarrassing. Harper's. Never seen a baby doll before. I was gonna ask if you like flip it or something. Wait, show it to the audience. It looks so real. I don't think that was a good look. Cash. It's actually very realistic. Looks So real. All right. And our Chipotle should be here soon. Thank You. You see his eyelashes. What you should do, Look, now this is what I look like with babies. I like it. Kinzie, Can you please stand back on the podcast set while you show us what you look like with a baby. This why I look like with a baby. Here let me, let me, let me hold you, baby. Isn't that Thank you. Yeah. Kinzie. It's a fake baby. No, I got it because I was gonna do one of those pranks where like, you're holding the baby and then you're like, hey, quiet little baby.


And then you like, do something to it. Or I was gonna do the ones where you leave it on top of the car and then like you drive around and everybody's like honking at you. They're like, get down. That's so real. It's crazy. Wait, I wanna make it ticked off with it. Oh, Matt getting the baby. What? You're so cute. Me. You keep it. Oh thanks. Look how cute. You want the baby? Yeah. Okay. No, no. Harper. Give that that. Oh, Harper looks cute with the baby too. You babysit our babies. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Look how cute he looks with a Baby. Why is he, why is he spanking it like that? Dude, you're not playing. Tag this baby smelled Take it. I'll take it. I'll take it.


That was crazy. Got your hat. The way it's lost its hat and it's passie was wild. It looks so Real. I, I remember one time my mom threw away my passie and Target and I threw a huge fit. Dude, I don't get why babies like pasties. I love them. It's like I, I still use them To this day. Who took my phone? I don't know me. Oh, this would be a cute little baby with little ears like that. You know what I'm saying? You're already Getting in that Shaken baby syndrome. Oh yeah. Is that a thing man? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But you think they get it from like this or do they get it from like this aggressive, It's that. Mm. So probably what I did to it earlier would've gave it baby shake. I can't Remember how real it looks. Yeah, Don't do that to a real baby. You prison. Yeah. That'd probably shaken its baby prison. Yeah. I I report you to prison.


I I literally would put my, put you in prison. What Did that Kate does? Looking at that thing, not just make you want a baby. I almost wanna put you in prison for dinner to the baby doll. It didn't look right. There's a prank. Ever heard of a prank? Yeah, but I didn't like how it looked. Hey, lemme tell you something. It's not real. I know, but it just Looks real. It's a baby doll. It looks so. It looks so real. It looks real. It's, I don't like it. And you know what, I've seen dads carry babies like this same I that they just walk around like, no, don't just Walk around Like it's their cup from QuickTrip. No, they do. I've seen it. You never seen a dad carry a baby upside down, not just like walking through the woods. It's a hobby. They do. I swear man. My dad used to do that to my siblings, but not like that. Like as a joke. As a joke for like two seconds. Oh. He'd Be like, yeah, I mean that's a funny joke.


Like how would you like see if I picked you up and was like, Hey, No. Like I don't just see dads walking through Walmart with her babies. Like upside down. Y'all have never seen that? No. When my mom had my older sister, obviously it was their first child and my mom said that she woke up to the nurses. The nurses like, like quietly yelling at my dad. 'cause they walked in and he was changing her diaper for the first time and he was like holding her up by her feet and like wiping her. But her head had come off the table so he was literally holding her upside down. That's funny. Ew. Dude, I never wanna change a diaper man. Never. Please not. You know, my grandpa, the man that met the legend, he once said that he had four children and he never changed a dirty diaper.


That's not gonna work out for y'all. What? At least not Maverick. I wanna be like my grandpa. Let me be like my grandpa. Yes. You are not doing that. Yeah, you are. Unfortunately. So y'all make yourselves Look like horrible Husbands. No, I will do anything. I'll make a deal with you Kate. I'll do all the cooking and I'll do all the cleaning. I just don't wanna do that. Okay. What happens if Kate and I leave for the weekend? I'll hire a nanny. No, we'll hire Harper. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Wait, Wait. You're telling me this, you would hire a nanny? First off, once we have kids, both of y'all aren't allowed to leave at the same time ever. Okay. No. Oh no. We panic. Like, do you remember you? You remember we almost killed your dogs. Yeah. Imagine what we do with a baby. Oh. Oh my God. You can't leave us alone with the babies.


Y'all Are literally like making Us. I just saw cash text. Oh, sorry. What little babies could you imagine? I had a little baby here on the pod. That's crazy. He's like, Hey little baby. Oh my gosh. What if we're doing the pod one day and we have a little children just running around? Imagine, Hey, it's first words on the podcast. It'd be like subscribe. Kenneth, will you say that? Dude, that's the first word. I'm teaching my baby. Say subscribe. Subscribing. This is the end of the episode. Make sure you guys subscribe. P out.