
Can we talk about your soccer? I Mean, I guess we Could. Okay, because Love this soccer was actually crazy For Valentine's Day. There was a lion with like candy with a little note and it was like


how Today at T-Mobile I'm joined by a special co-anchor. What up everybody? It's your boy. Big Snoop deal. Double g Snoop. Where can people go to find great deals? Hand To T-Mobile dot com and get four iPhone sixteens with Apple intelligence on US. Plus four lines for 25 bucks. That's quite a deal, Snoop. And when you switch to T-Mobile, You can save versus the other big guys. Comparable plans plus streaming Respect. When we up outta here, See how You can save on wireless and streaming versus the other big guys at T-Mobile dot com slash switch. Apple Intelligence requires iOS 0.1 or later


I Can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I Can get in more squats anywhere I Can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input, check responses for accuracy.


You don't wake up dreaming of McDonald's. Fries, fries. You wake up dreaming of McDonald's hash browns. McDonald's breakfast comes first.


BA Happy Valentine's Day from your secret admirer on our front porch. The same thing happens freshman year. We're gonna fast forward a whole nother year. JC gets this follower request on Instagram and It says check your front yard or something like that. The Instagram name and so Oh, The Instagram name? Yeah. Stop. Like that. And so my dad comes back in like two hours later and is like, Hey, there's like a little toy truck in the yard and I almost hi it, but there's a note on it and says jc. And so she walks outside to this toy truck and she picks it up. She's like, somebody is watching me right now. Welcome back to the podcast guys. Everybody's mad today.


Yeah. Why? I don't understand. Yeah, you saw it. I walked in. I saw it. You know what? I'm mad. Actually. Everyone's upset right now. K, go ahead and tell everyone what you're mad at because I don't think it's not me today. Me, so I think you should just say everything. No, I'm not. Okay. Okay. Bless. No, That hurts. I'm so not Why Snee like Pikachu? Gosh, go ahead and chew everybody out. No, actually the only person I'm not like upset at is Harper and me. No High five Harper. Wait, what did I do? I'm not really upset with any anybody right now because I just woke up Somehow. Guys, we always, no matter what the time is, we always shoot like 15 to 30 minutes late every time.


Like if we're shooting a podcast and like we're supposed to shoot it at like 1:00 PM we don't shoot till like one 15 to like one 30. And Harper always shows up like 15 minutes late. 'cause she knows. Because she knows Yeah. That like we're gonna be late and she shows up late and then we're still late. Yeah. And today I was just upset because it was like 11 minutes past time to shoot. So we're 11 minutes late and not one soul is in here. I'm the only one. Well I was, I was working, oh. And I was walking back and forth on the phone. I helping though. I'm a ginger so I don't have a soul, but I was on the couch. I, yeah, hey. But I was like, how are we 11 minutes late and no one's here. I got stood up by everyone.


Well I was here kind of, I was here. You were on the phone. I was one hand on the phone. The other one doing things. Well anyways guys, let's change the mood. Oh, well I, I'm tired. No, I'm getting a lot of negative energy from this side. I think we should really continue kind of driving this night then. And twisting. Okay. So who are you specifically mad at? 'cause I don't feel like it's me. Well, this side of the room I'm feeling negative energy towards. So are you saying, are you, am I getting this right? Are you saying that they were like, no. Well, yes. I'm saying it was literally everyone, even people from yesterday because I was here like, huh? I was here And I told you what I, that that was not her fault that I told her not to do that.


Oh. So we need some context because nobody else knows. So let's continue. There was, there was, in our last Episode, the Kate's favorite thing is to hire people and then tell 'em, oh, don't worry about it. We'll I'll get it. Which just makes our job even like impossible. No, because there was a bunch of wood sitting here and one of the girls that does stuff for us came up and I said, Hey, can you make sure the studio's clean? We filmed tomorrow. She's like, okay. We didn't have very much for her to do at all yesterday. I asked Kenzie multiple times, do you have anything? And she's like, not really. And I was like, well I don't have very much for her either, but You can clean the studio and get a reset. But there's a bunch of wood sitting here. And I didn't much of wood. I was like, don't take that down. I'll have one of the guys take it down and then we will vacuum back there.


Okay. But that's just like one little point to my thing. This part? Yeah. Can we get a pan around of the room? This is, this is after it's clean. She doesn't know what What doesn't, Doesn't all that on the table right there is from you and Maverick playing Apex yesterday and No, that's Maverick. That's just Maverick. I took my food down, well sat my cup anyway. And I told you yesterday, I have A cup and I saw your plate up here too this morning. Cash. You have a bag of Lay's chips open a Lunchables, a Dirty cup, dirty, a prime bottle. That's exactly, so I walked into Group Cup that's built it on the floor, so Oh no, no. Alex said he walked into my milk cup and he s spilled it all over the floor. I told, I told you yesterday, she did the best she could.


He feels deep because all of the props and things up here hot, she doesn't know whether to throw away or keep, so she just moves them out the way. And you said, yeah, you're right. She needs to do it with Alex. Alex is in Oklahoma. Yeah. So she, but to be fair, I've said this like the past like three weeks and the studio's never been like clean cleaned. Okay. I Can literally clean it if like y'all gave me extra money. But I'm I Well I just wanna say my bit. Okay. Say your bit. Your bit. Okay. Say 2 cents. All right. Ow. I, My bit. Okay. Okay. I, I'll get say my bit. I literally woke up at 5 45 this morning to go to an Alzheimer's association walk 5 45.


Yes. Wow. And 5 45 to 9:00 AM And then I took a nap from, from 10 or dash 30 to 1115. And I literally, my mom was like up, get up, get up, yelling in my ears. My dad was like, get out, get up. You don't wanna make me come in your room and You don't wanna what? Make me come into your room. You don't wanna come in the Hey, we've all heard it. Yeah. And then I literally got out bed and I got my clothes on and I came here. Wow. Wow. I really appreciate you just trying to take away from all the instigating I've been doing. Okay, so back to the knife. No, and I also, like, I had a dream about Kate.


I worked really hard to get this going. I had a dream though. So I think I'm gonna tell the dream. Okay, go for it. And Kenzie, I think she had a dream. I Had a dream about Harper. She had a dream. I know another guy that had a dream. Martin Luther King. He died and saved ourselves. He died for our sins. Have you seen that? Me? Have you guys seen that? It's so funny. It's like Martin Luther King. Yeah. Who's seen? It's like a little kid. He's like, he died for our sins. It's a, she like, no wrong person. No. Like she's, shit. No. And she end the video. No, but yeah. Kay. I had a dream and it was like, I think it was, it was, it was during my nap today and it was like us going shopping or something like that or Oh, it was us on the podcast.


And is That because you weren't invited shopping yesterday? She was invited. Invited Five times. Oh yeah. They're all going shopping to match outfits. And they didn't invite Harper? No. We, They like five times They invited me more than five times. But Unfortunately Harper's busy every single day for the next two weeks. Yeah. Every single Day with y'all. Yeah. Yeah. If we're not filming, because obviously we can't blow off filming for shopping. So if we're not filming, she, Which which they try to do, which we obviously can't blow off filming for trial. Like the sarcasm. I felt there like, you should be able to do that. Well it's, I still feel tension in this room. I could cut it with a paper knife. I wanted To hear Harper's dream.


Oh. So I said like a, I said like this new cuss word in front of Kate, it was like a, it was like a new cuss word. A New one. And you invented one. No. And everybody was like, you can't say that you, if you say that you die. What? You die if you say that you lose all your friends and you die. And so as a joke, I was like paper or whatever it was and, and then Kate was like, Harper, you can't do that. You absolutely not. And Oh, this isn't a dream. Yeah. Okay. I'm very confused. Oh, okay. This is all making sense to me. What are Y'all talking about? This is in Harper's head. Yeah. I thought it was a true story. Me too. I was like, what was the word? No. And then I walked away and then like I fell into this lava pit and then that was the end of it. Oh Yeah.


That's what happened to me away. Yeah. I didn't tell you about my six flags dream. Well No, 'cause Kenzie was about to say her dream about Me. Oh yeah. Yeah. You had a dream. No, my dream was crazy. I'm scared. Crazy. So I was in my bedroom, right? Yeah. And I was like brushing my teeth or something and all of a sudden I hear and I just knew, is That me eating? No, no, no. It's like scuba gear. Oh. It's like the, She's Still haunted from the scuba ivy Experience. But I just, you know, in your dream, like you don't see people, like if somebody's coming to get you, you don't Necessarily him. That is a scary sound. You're the Yeah. Okay. I couldn't do it as well with that sound. And I just knew it was Maddox and I knew he was coming to kill, he was Scuba Diving.


I don, he had a scuba gear gas. Wait what? SC Maddox. Madox Max Madox Madox. How do you say his Name? Wait, scuba diving to come and see you. Oh wait, Am I saying his name wrong? Yes. No, you're saying it right. It's just like, that Is not, wow. This is crazy. Kenzie is dreaming about Maddox. This is, well, it's not over yet. The last thing why I expected today, It's not over yet. So he's coming to kill me I think. Right. And so I, I leave my bathroom, I go into the bedroom with my toothbrush and I'm like, oh no, what am I gonna do? And then there's Harper and I was like, Harper, don't worry, I'll save you. And so I put Harper in the closet and I like hid her with all the clothes. And then Maddox comes in and I like opened the window to make him think that we escaped through the window. And I went back into the bathroom.


And Why is Maddox after you guys? I dunno. He was coming after he's getting our money and I was just waiting for him to come in and as soon as he comes in I like pulled the mask off so he can't breathe. And I hit him with a toothbrush and I run down the stairs. Wow. Oh my God. Hit him With a toothbrush. And you're not making this up as you go. No, I Promise I had that dream and that was the end of it's crazy. But Why did the ice scuba gear on? I still don't understand. I don dunno. But I knew in my head though that if I took the mask off of him, he couldn't breathe. Oh, he's an alien. I don't know what was going on. That's took its, and I saved Harper's life. Thank you. You're welcome. Alex Maddox was coming for you and she saved you. Thank you. You had a dream About six flag.


I Had a dream about Six Flags. Oh, it's just my reoccurring dream that you guys all heard. Oh, lemme hear it again. The one where I'm outside Six flags and the hail is hitting the bush and coming at me sideways.


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage? Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking TREM via achieved clinical remission. And some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. TREM is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or if you need a vaccine, ask your doctor. If Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


Id tech the first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell spinning battle bots, people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the Void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, You can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how You can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


It. It, it's reoccurring and it's not fun because every time I fall for the bush, I see big hail in the bush and I'm like, Ooh, I wanna go grab one. And then it flies at me sideways and it's horrible. And then the dream, that's when the dream ends. The dream ends when the hail goes. Y'all have those dreams that just don't make sense at all. Nope. Like yours. Yeah, I had one and that one last night. I had a dream. Me and you were hiking out with ruck packs, hiking like an elk out or something. Whoa. Hiking what? Ruck packs. Ruck packs? Yeah. What is that? A large backpack? Yeah, there's like, you don't know what a rock pack is with the backpack you had. That was a ruck pack. Okay. So me and Mav were walking with backpacks, large backpack, 50 pound backpacks.


Okay. And we're hiking out like big backpacks. Like a big one. Yeah. But there's like 10 or 15 other people as big also hiking out. And we're also me Kinzie. Yeah, we're also, we're also like somewhere on some ice. They're the big backpacks too. Oh the big ones. The large ones. The the extra large ones. Yeah. Okay. They Them in the military they're called Ruck sacks. Ruck sacks. Not ruck packs. Oh I don't like that. Can you finish the dream map? It's s over their shoulder. Well it didn't feel like anyone was interested in it, so yeah. One was, because you started out I We had ruck packs we're hundred for elk. No, No. The rug packs are the big backpacks too. Oh the big ones. Oh map now I understand. Okay. Okay. I'm here. All ears go. Well. Okay so you, we had to keep walking.


They're 50 pounds at least, or we like die. There's like 50 other people walking as well with these things. And we're on like some sort of island like, like a Bahama type island thing. And it's just like there's water on each side, just like sand in the middle. And that's what we're walking on. And if you stop walking we have to get like 50 miles. If you stop before the 50 miles you die. And then you died. You died. That's crazy. You stopped walking. You said I can't keep going. And I was like, well I'm gonna keep walking and you died. That was it. I left you there And they said they'd kill you. What? Sorry. I feel like that Maverick literally just made his dream to be like in my dream you were weaker than I Did. You guys reminds, reminds of that movie we watched with your parents. That scarred me for life. Oh You shouldn't even say that movie. 'cause that movie is so, So bad.


Just Murder. I upstairs, I could not watch it. I think I closed my eyes for half of it. Movie. And then on top of that, the movie wasn't in English so it was like closed caption the whole time. So It was what you said. So it was Closed. Closed captions. Hey we had an argument last night. I'm not who here to decide the argument but Oh Are you talking about our Walmart? No. Okay. That can come up first actually. 'cause that's better. No, I don't know either one of these arguments. They think there was a, This is not an argument. This is a factual state. Ma. There was a dude, Maverick Wasn't out. Walmart. This is trying to speak on behalf of us. Oh yeah. They said you're not gonna believe this. A guy followed us one.


I said hold it. Don't, I don't even wanna hear it. Tell it to me on the pod tomorrow. Oh, okay. So I'm very glad you brought this up then I'll then I'll let, I'll let Kate talk about it because I haven't heard it. Kate is absolutely ridiculous. Don't interrupt. Yeah, y'all can't say Anything. Okay. No interrupt. Get off your Phone. Wait, hold. I need to text my boothing your booth Thing There. What done. Anyways, Hopefully the boo thing doesn't see this. 'cause I look like, is he scuba diving? Yeah. Last night Kenzie and I are driving home and we're like, cash is like Kate, you gotta make me brownies tonight Kate. I really want some brownies. So I say fine, I will stop at the store and get you some sugar free brownie mix. So we were, we went into Walmart. Okay, first mistake, don't go into Walmart after dark. So we go into this Walmart and we walk in and there's three girls.


One of us goes to the bathroom And Kenzie and I keep walking and the guy comes up behind us and he is like, Hey ladies. And like we turn around and like we're kind of like kind of scary. He's like, he he looks like very distinct. Like You can tell what he looks like. Does he dream? No, this is real. He's got a grill. He is like, how y'all doing? And we're like walking a little faster and then we take like keep In mind he's wearing red. Yeah, it's an important part. Yeah. He's wearing red. So then he goes, all right, well my name's Ray and I'm gonna see y'all later. And we were like, I don't know if they heard that his name was Ray and he will see us later And like he like he spoke like crazy. Like I think he was on drugs.


And so we take a shark term, we're like, we're gonna lose Ray in the kitchen supplies. So we keep like running through the aisles trying to like get away from him. And every time we turned our head he was there. Wait, was it yesterday? Yes. Last night. Last Night. We shoulda have came to shopping with y'all. No. You don't wanna be followed by a man named Ray in Walmart in a red shirt. Every aisle they turned. Ray is there. He is like I told you I would see you. They every Time, every time we turned our head to like check our surroundings, Ray was there. Okay dude, I wish I knew Ray. I would've invited him on the pod today. So then that's what I said. I said I bet Ray's a nice guy. We finally leave him. Okay. And Kenzie and I are in the like camera equipment grabbing an SD card. Mm. And we're, we start walking to the brownie mix. Ooh. And guess who we see on our way?


Ray. Ray in a White shirt. Wait but no, but we were in the kitchen supplies when he was following us and then we moved to the camera section, which is like halfway across the store. Yeah. Okay. And he has no groceries or anything is nothing. He just walked around Walmart. He was walking around Walmart. And so Then, but he changed shirts? Yes, He changed his outfit. He outfit changed clothes. Okay. You didn't think you'd recognize him the second time? That's the point. So then That's had a second chance. What did you just text him? I just saw you Maverick. I just saw you text Ka. Would you like to share it with the group? No. No I would not. I would not like to share it with the group. I would not. I'd decline the office. We prefer talk behind your back when you can't hear it Anyways. So we like kind of go around Walmart, Ray is there every time I turn our head Ray is there and finally we lose him.


I think he left but then we're like Ray's waiting for us in the parking lot. That's what he is doing. He's waiting for us to walk out. So I grab my pepper spray, we check out and I'm walking in the parking lot like this. I'm paid to see this man. Most people are like discreet with their weapons. They like hold 'em to the side or something. No, Kate is literally cockeyed arms Come on. Right. Screaming come Like we should just discreetly getting into the car. Right. She's like, come on. Right. Why should sit down like a gangster? She have a spread like this. Don't lemme do it. Don't let do it. Ray was not getting 15 Feet. No then, then one of the girls was like, wait Kate, make sure it's not pointing towards you.


I was like That Be crazy spray now. And we made it to the car and Ray did not get us. No he did not. But no, like y'all Was that the whole story? Yes. Y'all think we're joking Happened when you got to the car? 'cause I heard this part and this part made me laugh. Oh, we were looking under the car. We were like down the, they were all on their hands and knees Looking under the car. Not all of us. You would've been freaking hilarious if they looked under the car. And Ray's just, That's like a thing for those of you who don't know. I told you, You'll see you later When you're alone. You should check under the car when you're in a parking lot because bad guys will hire your Car. Wow. They very shitty y'all story. I had to Google it again because I Googled this before and that's actually never happened to anyone. Yes it has. No it's a, it's a fake thing that a girl on TikTok made up and it has went viral over the last like five years.


No. What is no This. When someone hides under your car and they like slice your ankle so you Can eyes listen. I agree. I mean it's a very impractical way to kidnap somebody get under, under a car and lay down. Because then again you gotta be like, hold on, let me shimmy outta here first. Like Well if they cut your achilles tendon, this thing right here, you're done for. You're not moving. Yeah. What I'm moving we, You can physically walk if your achilles tendon is Fine. I ho and I hopped fast. No, no, no You Cannot. If you, all you have to do is get in the car like you, your door's open. You're just gonna step in your car. This dude's under the car and you can run over him. Yeah. Like you technically my least three or four seconds to get out of there. Well, whatever. Like one Of you guys, I'd love to see one of you guys tied under the couch right here.


And then like cut your keys. Try to kidnap me from that position. You can cut. Cut their Achilles. Huh? You cut their Achilles right here. We, someone was listening. I do What? Yeah, the boys like genuinely never believe anytime we're in danger, they think we're like making it up or exaggerating. They can't just accept that maybe there are bad people in this world that wanna hurt you. Or Maybe Ray just wanted a friend. No, Ray Did not want a friend. Ray would not have changed outfits in Walmart. You know Was Ray special needs and you guys? No. And he just wanted to say hi and you guys were just running away. No. No. Are you sure? No. Do y'all believe that people put things like notes and stuff in the windshield of girls' cars and that's like their ploy. And so as the girl is like getting it out, that's when they go attack them.


Y'all believe that? I Don't believe that. And you gotta kidnap a girl. I don't, you don't need to leave a note on there. Like they're just gonna grab you. Like, I hate to break it to you, but like they're just gonna be like, I'm kidnapping you. They're not gonna be like, I'm going to hide under the car, put a note on top and didn't get ready. Like they're just gonna do it. Have you seen the kidnapping videos? They literally just drive by where they're walking on the sidewalk and just grab 'em. That's scary. Yeah. Hey, I mean I don't mean to be like the bare bad news here, but like Listen, you should Keep your head on a swivel if you're a girl. Yeah. You gotta be highly watch out For notes. Watch out for notes. Especially if you're alone in target. Just like a little girl. Like a alone. That's The other thing.


Y'all think somebody's just gonna kidnap you in Target? Yes. It's not inside. They follow you in the store and then when you get out, Have Yna also heard the stories of like girls going in Walmart and they go to the bathroom or something alone and people will inject them and it like makes you kinda like tranquilize. You're just like, eh. And then the other two, what? There's other two girls that have already been kidnapped and they are now like they, and now they're hauling this other girl out of Walmart. Y'all have not heard that story. They inject people like a izer. Wait, how did Y are ridiculous. I don believe that that that word. I don't think we're allowed to say that on YouTube. Just by the way they injected. No, what? Not that word. I don know.


Oh, now leave that one too. Oh yeah, Yeah. No, they, No I just think that you guys think that we're very overdramatic and maybe we are, maybe we are hyper aware, but would you rather us be hyper aware and not get kidnapped? Or would you rather us be ditzy and not give a crap about our surroundings? And then when four guys run off on us, we're friends with them, we're like, hey. No, I mean I'm not saying like it's a bad thing and then get grabbed, but I'm saying I think it's funny how you guys always think you're about to get kidnapped. Like you guys probably think Alex is gonna kidnap you. Like he's over there recording you. No, It's kind of Crazy. Heaven records you every week, every week with sit, sit there and records you. You never know. Something gets changed in Your own home. Dad. Oh wait, you're on a pod.


Dad, You, I don't like when you do that. Huh? I don't like when you do that. Dad. Okay Guys, every part of my body is freezing right now. Can we I try to. A fan. Do you need a hug? It is so cold. Do you need a hug? What? I Wish you guys could feel my toes like they're like I Even told them I turned it off before. Hey, fun fact, speaking of hugs, if you guys watched, I don't know what episode it was, but it's probably not too long ago. I lit a pile of blogs on fire right here. Yeah. And before that I had the, the, what's it called, the lighter fluid and gasoline outside. And I was running gasoline. I was running tests to see like how much gasoline and how much stuff I needed.


And the first time I filled up the gasoline cup like this full and I poured it all out. And the one I did here, the gasoline was the cup was like this full, like not even a quarter inch. Not even a quarter. Yeah. And then I filled it up this much for my test outside. And man, y'all should be grateful I tested that because that thing went, the house would've been gone. What? We would've burned down the house. And then actually I started freaking out outside because I lit it like five feet from our house and I started spreading the grass in the park. And I was like, oh. And so like I run and I grab my, my water jug, my gallon jug and I poured out and there was like nothing left. And I was like, uhoh. So I run and I start grabbing hugs from our outdoor refrigerator and I start putting the fire out with hugs.


Oh my God. Did you say one of the rest of those? I don't know what is wrong With you? Yeah, well they're in the grass sale and then They're like, why do you get so stressed out when we do things like light stuff on fire? What happened? Because you're gonna start a grass fire in the neighborhood park. No, I hate it. To death. Literally to death. He literally hog it to death. Little we literally, so here's the other argument me And Kenzie had last night. We didn't have an argument. Well it has been tense in this house. It's been, listen, I believe I I'm not saying it's me. Wait, wait, wait. Saying wait. Restart. I need to come into the story Mark. Okay. We're having an argument last night. Oh, ooh. Wait, wait. I'm Not, I have to, I need to start this Tensions are high in This, this household. Fine. You start it and then I I will add on.


I Firmly believe in every relationship, every relationship, every couple. What Are you about to say? There Is one person in the relationship that is more attractive and I think females often automatically think it's them. And I think that is a crime against men personally. And now pause. This got brought about because he was like, honey, honey, if anyone were to get kidnapped it'd be me. Sure. So they tell me that that doesn't mean that he thinks he's way prettier than I Am. That's his Not crazy Statement. What? Listen, no.


Math is obviously a newlywed and like you guys have been together like seven months. Like I think you still have some like learning to do. Because yesterday, yeah, yesterday the way he was talking to Kinzie was insane. And I actually, I don Dunno if you heard me. I was like, don't talk to her like that. Like he was talking so rude to you. You know What I said after that? What did, what'd you say? When? And then I turned around and I said something way worse to you and you laughed and I laughed and it's funny. Well It's one thing were extreme and it's obviously it's a general, it's A what was what I, We were all three sitting on the beanbag And Kenzie was sitting on the couch downstairs. I said, can you make your dog be quiet? Oh Yeah. 'cause Stella was like super upset like all day yesterday. We don't really know what was wrong. She was just kind of whiny. Oh. And so she had been whining like on and off all day and math turns around and he's like, can you make your dog shut up?


That's when, when I said it that way, that was the joke. And that's when she left. When I said shut up, I said, can you make your dog be quiet? Or I said, what does your dog want? I said something like that. Well The way he said it is just not in a very loving husband speaking to wife way. No. And all I Said way that may be your opinion. Politely stay the brick out of my relationship. 'cause she no, that's, she did not take it that way. Okay. Why did you snap? I can't That was the, you just lost every aura point you possibly could listen, it's tried. So whore I We No pause. We're not gonna pretend I that in. No. Listen politely. Stay outta my relationship bro. What? What's that? What Was that? I never want Kenzie to I, because Please put that in the intro.


That was freaking hilarious. Politely Stay outta my relationship. But I couldn't snap and so it was even worse. I cash is, there was times when cash spoke to me like that and it hurt my feelings. And I just wanna make sure Kenzie's feelings don't get hurt. Thank you. I appreciate that. And if I Laughing at you No, I At you because you look like a fool. She's like, I'm not like you Kate. My feelings don't get hurt. Well, If you want me to never say anything to him, I won't. I I will keep my mouth shut. Oh, I quite enjoy y'all yelling at Maverick. Yeah. Yeah. See that's toxic too. You can see that that's real toxic. Well I think That the main thing is that you started it.


I didn't start anything. There was no Problem. Did you saying anything Problem right now. Main problem. Let's get back to the issue at hand. Wait, hold on. Harper wanted to say something. Y'all always interrupted her. What the heck is that chocolate thing? This what? Chocolate brownie That be Brownie from last night. Oh, did Do you want it? You like it? No, I don I Don't want it. I just I got you. It's from last night. Please. I don't want that. I, I I really don't. Oh. See like there is a trash can up here. Do you want it? No, not not, No. It was really good. I'm gonna make it better. What the f Cardy dust? Yeah.


Ew. I love scar. That's all you right there. I love smarties so much. Smarty brownie. Wait guys, look ready. Wait. Watch. Smart. Every time You say that, I get nervous. Wow. Wait, Did you ever see those videos Harper? These were big when I was in like junior high where people would take like ham or bologna or something and they'd go and it would like suck down their throat and then they would cough it back up on Zoom. What disgust? Like They wanna snack. Disgusting. During My class. Disgusting my friend. No, no, no, no. Well we did this like at home, not in school. Oh. But my friend, are you okay? Do why? No. Okay.


Are those things in your way? Yes. Really thought you were gonna hit the microphone. Really? Had me scared. That's sharp. I don't like that. Back to the issue at hand. Oh my Porch. Okay. You It, it's, it's boneless. It's just a horse now. Hey Here we go. Alright. Sorry. Now I Can actually sit properly like a lady. Okay, so here was my question to you guys. Which one of you honestly is the more attractive person in the relationship and more likely to get kidnapped? I would have to say my booing Because Right now I don't think anybody would wanna kidnap me looking like this.


Kate, go ahead. Who's your boo thing? You'll have to find out. Okay Kate, Go ahead and answer. I think more likely to get kidnapped is probably me because I physically could not stop it from happening. Well that's a lie. Actually I could stop it. Any of y'all wanted to kidnap you? I just stopped you on the spot. I take that Don't even attempt. And you got any ideas? I've Stopped five of them before. I Sure have. There's a reason Ray didn't come up to us in the parking lot last night. It was 'cause I was ready. But anyways, I Kids you are, are you asking who we think the more attractive person is? Yeah, that's More what I'm getting at. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it's cute. No, I don't even wanna say it because it's so cringey.


But I do like look at him every single day and I'm like, oh, when he is not acting weird because he acts normal. Believe it or not, cash is a normal person. No. What is that? See, that's like insulting to me. Actually. No, you just act, you make yourself so like icky on social media but like he doesn't act like that. What do you mean? He doesn't act like that? Icky on talking about when you What? When you fart in the microphone, I would argue that he's worse off camera. You act like I don't fart in everyone's faces and pull on my pants and fart on everyone. Yes. Okay. Okay. I guess selling yourself. I guess it's, I'm sorry. I guess it's not social media. I feel like cash has two personalities. He has this like being a normal person and then he acts like that. And it's usually like last night he had been playing video games with all the guys.


Yeah. And then he comes into the room. I don't know if you can say that. I'm not saying what You did. What? I'm not saying what you did or Said. No. Please say can we bleep it? I got, I'll tell You after. Just cut it. Just cut it out. It's so true that he has cut personalities though. All my friends and family, the first time meeting cast are like, he never speaks. Yes. He's like a dud. Like he's either a dud or he's like Lie crazy. None of y'all will believe this. But the amount of people that I've told Maverick and everyone here been like, is your brother really shy? Like he just doesn't talk Or does not not like me. Nobody's telling me that. Did I make him mad? But the public? No, he's just Hollywood. He doesn't talk to you unless you have followers. He's No, the thing is is I just either care to talk to people or I don't.


If I don't talk to you and that's based off your follower account. If I don't talk to you then there's good news for you. I don't wanna talk to you. That's Well that, that, that is good news for you. That Is just flat out how it is. When I go to basketball Right. I go there to play basketball. Not if my friends come, if Maverick and Alex and my friends come, I will talk to them. If I'm just playing with random people at the court, I don't care to talk to them. I'm here to play basketball. Okay. If I'm getting a haircut, I'm going to put my AirPods in and do get my work done. I I don't care to talk to the hair lady about what Theresa said yesterday. Really? No. Okay. Well what did he catch you last night?


That we have to weep? Well, I'm not saying saying when hanging on that he comes in and he makes a joke. That is like not a joke you should make to your wife at all. Let's Hear it. 'cause she doesn't appreciate it. It Wait, can we hear it? No. 'cause we're gonna have to bleep it. That's fine. It's fine. I'm not No, That's fine's fine. Completely fine. It's totally fine because we're gonna hear it. I'm not saying I'll tell you guys after Josh say it say it. All you gotta know is No. Okay. Well I was No. And that might have to be bleeped. That should be bleeped. Yeah, that should be bleeped. Oh Yeah, that's bleeped for sure. Sorry, that's bleep not bad. Did you ask her to I didn't that that's all I'm saying.


That is all I'm saying and we're not saying anything else. Ah. Oh, You get The idea. Can You just put that whole section Out? I think I understand. Do you understand? No, no. It's fine. Okay. Are we gonna cut this whole section? No, no, we don't. Gonna cut the whole section. We just gotta bleep my word. Okay. We're just my word. Okay. Why Don did you do that? What My word. My word. Wait, bleep the word. No. So we already bleeped the word. Oh. Pretty much. You get the gist of the joke. It was inappropriate. And it's not a joke that a man makes his wife that inappropriate. Wait, I didn't get the gist. I wasn't even listening. I think anyone got it. Kate. Oh Yeah. I I was like, why do y'all say that word? Right. That's weird. It's so weird. Wait, wait, Wait.


Are we thinking about the same thing that happened last night? Yes. What you think about? Yeah, I wanna know. Well We can, I'll pass it down. No, play the foam game. Get at the end. Oh, I can't say that to you. Unfortunately. I just hate being a minor. I wanna Know it's, yeah. Alright. We should restart the phone game. Can't you say something to Kate? Anything? We gonna leave this off. We don't know who the prettier couple person is in the Oh yeah. Who? The Pret, I think Kenzie's the prettier one. Who's Kate? Answer. See that sounds insane. I think cash. I do. I know it sounds weird. You're probably like, why would actually, sometimes I get tagged in like thirst edits of cash and they're very bad.


What? That And it's, what he was doing is dance. I do my little dance. He dance. I put in my, my panty pants. That's Er, I actually, I also, funny you say that I saw another, I don't know. Nevermind. No one's gonna care. Moving on. Okay. Well in my personal opinion, I would say 99.9% of the time the woman is more attractive. Really? Just because I, I always think women are more attractive than Yeah. Like I look at a man and I'm like, Hmm, that's interesting. That's who would be attracted to that? Yeah. Who would be attracted to that? Like, not even like you specifically math, but like specifically you. Oh, wow. No, but I even look at myself and I'm like, well now why would they choose me over another woman?


Hmm. What? Why are they choose me over another man? No, he said woman. No, I meant woman. Oh. What the It's just, I'm sorry. Guys are smelly. Yeah, we fart. Yeah. We grow facial hair. Yep, We do too. We just aren't, I I just, I just don't get the appeal honestly. Yeah. Like for some reason all those things I just named and the women go, Ooh, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's Why Don, that's Why Don change you. That's why, that's why I try to change you. I say shower three times a day. I say make sure you put Your three times a day, you get serious. Make sure you put cologne on. 'cause I don't wanna smell your natural scent.


Wow. Well I try to. Maybe that's, maybe you should try my straw. That's why no one follows me around in stores. Ew. What? That was gross. In fact, normally when I walk into the aisle, everyone leaves the aisle. Oh wow. Crazy. You effect crazy. Huh? That's a crazy effect You have. One time we did do that me and have, were filming a little prank video. Yep. And he would, he would like hide the camera and I'd walk next to someone at Walmart and I'd play a fart noise on my phone. And then I'd be like, excuse you. And they were like that. That wasn't me. It is so funny. Speaking of stalkers, can we talk about your stalker or whatever?


I can't tell Sister Stalker whatever it was you pointed at me. No, her. Oh. Oh. I mean, I guess we Okay. Okay. Because this ser was actually crazy. This is like a whole podcast episode I feel like though. No, No, no, no. She Should be here to tell it too. I feel like Hill. Well she's not here today. Whoa. So whoa, whoa, whoa. Was it? Whoa. Time out. Time out. Jc It's a real stalker. You guys actually have a real stalker story that you never told us. Yeah. It just, what never came up in conversation. It was years of stalking too. Oh, this is so good. Yeah. So I think you should continue. I I I need to get some popcorn. No, I feel like her. Would your sister come on and say it? Yeah. No, no, no, no. We need To talk about it now.


No. I thought it would Be better if her sister came on, right? No. Or nope. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about it now. Yeah. I can't wait. Really. Okay. I'm gonna try to make it super quick. I can't let you Wait, wait. I got it. I got it. You just impersonate your sister right now. Oh, perfect. No, we'll pretend you're her. Just talk it through. I We just talking. Hey JC. Hey. No, no, no. We're Not acting it out. Okay. Okay. I'm I'm just gonna hit like main bullet points. Okay. So it happened whenever she was in eighth grade. Ooh. Oh my God. Say the story as you as her. Like talk as her like I Can, No, I'm not gonna say I Yeah. Say I. 'cause it's way better for the intro. That be confusing. 'cause then I'm gonna be like, is it Kenzie? Is it jc? It's way better for the intro if you say I Oh yeah, true.


Say I So you're JC now say I Hi jc. Hi jc. Yeah. Close your eyes than imagine JC Now Do I have to? Yeah, you have to. I'll get you an tag if you'd like. Would your sister be upset if you did that? No, she liked it. When Kinzie tries to act like Her, she watch the Podcast. Oh perfect. Okay. Let's hear it. Jc tell me about your stalker. Stalker. It started him when I was in eighth grade. Okay. I can't do it. It started in eighth grade. Okay. Okay. And you're Getting it. You sound just like jc. Keep going. Thank you. Okay. For Valentine's Day there was a lion. So we were the Livingston lions. Yeah.


And there was a lion with like candy and chocolate. It was cute with a little note. And it was like, happy Valentine's Day from your secret admir on our front porch. Okay. So that was eighth grade. The same thing happens freshman year. And so she's like asking all these people in her grade, Hey, is it you? Is you like trying to figure out who her secret admirer is. 'cause this person's de dedicated. It's two years in a row. I mean that's Crazy. That's why they're called a secret admir. Okay. Admire and secret. That's kind of creepy. That's kind of softer. I don think about it. Yeah, I get it. Very stalkerish. So she's like accusing all these people just joking around about it and year three comes, she's now a sophomore and she says, or it's Valentine's Day and we had this little dog, his name was Coda.


He's like literally this big. But he yaps at everything. Yeah. Like a leaf could blow at the front door and he's sprinting to the front door and he's gonna start screaming his head off. Okay, well the night before Valentine's Day everything is calm. We're having dinner. He Was Valentine's Eve. It Was Valentine's Eve and and distract. Why do you even have to say that? Yeah, you just messed everything up. Oh, sorry. Messed up her flow. Sorry, My flow is all mess. No, I'm actually like interested in this like, Me too. Keep going. Well I'm interested in a story on here man. Okay. Anyways, so sophomore year, this is the third year in a row. Valentine's Eve. As cash says everything is quiet, nothing happens.


We eat dinner, we go to bed the next morning. JC walks Outside. Wait time out. I sorry, I really don't wanna interrupt with you. Nobody got that. It was Valentine's Eve. Everything was quiet and nothing happened. Oh that's the, oh yeah. It was Christmas Eve and everything. Yeah. Everything was funny. It's not that funny. This, so far, this stalker story is way better than your stalker story. What about Ray? That was our stalker Story. First of all. Thank You. Okay, sorry, I'm not gonna talk Zip we're zipping. Go ahead. Yeah, throw the key. I can't do that. Oh, okay. You can gotta keep the key. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, so she wakes up and she sees this and she's like, oh my gosh, a 30 year in a row. Like, this guy really likes me. This is insane. Okay, we're gonna fast forward a whole nother year. Okay.


So now she's a junior. Four years. Oh my gosh. Four Years now she's a junior. Okay. And Oh my God, I'm gonna try to hit all the bullet points, but I don't know if I'm gonna hit 'em all. Oh. The point Of me saying, Hey, you got time. It's a podcast At time. Time. Yes. And I'm like interested the point of me talking about the dog was that sophomore year, whenever he did it at nighttime. Yeah. He like put this thing on the porch. 'cause early the next morning we started school at 7:00 AM So we had to leave at six 30 and it was already there. But the dog never made a noise, which was creepy. He Was sneaky. That's Did he kill the dog? No. No. The dog was still there, but it was just, it was just really creepy because that dog knew when somebody was at the front door all the time.


Oh my gosh. And anyways, so junior year comes around. Okay. And poor little coda is dead now, so it doesn't matter. Oh. But okay, well yeah, that was a little morbid rest. Peace coda. Alright. Anyways, so JC gets this follow request and all of her friends have like sworn up and down. They're like, no, jc like, we're not messing with you at all. Like this is, That is a funny friend to calling on your friend for five years. That's Five years. So, well I think we're on year four now 'cause it's her junior year. JC gets this follow request on Instagram and It says like, check your front yard or something like that, the Instagram name. Oh.


And so, so she's like, what the heck The Instagram name is check your front yard. Yeah. Saw what that And so she like, this person made the account. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And so she walks outside and she's like, that's scary. What is going on? Terrify. That's actually, wait, wait, wait. That's actually terrifying. Okay. Wait, go. So she's like, this is kinda weird, but she like looks outside for the whatever she's looking for. And also it's Valentine's Day. Okay. And it's after school. Oh my gosh. And so she goes back in the house and she's like, well that was weird. My dad comes back in like two hours later and is like, Hey, there's like a little toy truck in the yard and I almost hid it, but there's a note on it and It says JC and, and then like within like toy truck seconds.


Yeah. A toy truck. Within seconds JC gets a DM from that Instagram and It says, hurry, it's about to rain. And so she's like, what the heck? So she walks outside to this toy truck and it starts sprinkling, which is freaking crazy. And she picks it up. And she's not standing there though 'cause she's like, somebody is watching me right now that like, so she takes it inside and she like checks it out. She's like, are there cameras on this thing? This is insane. But she opens little note and it's like, you're secret admirer. I love you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And It says, sorry, this will be like the last year that you get a note. And she was like, okay. That's freaking weird.


But alright. So another year goes by now she's a senior. Okay. Going on five years. Going on five years. Oh my Gosh. Dude. By this year I'd have to be staked out at like 4:00 AM outside the house, waiting on Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day would be my favorite holiday. Me and my boys be like, all in tree stands waiting, Mogie. And man, so the Joy truck is arriving, truck is in yard. So she, her senior year gets another one. And It says something like, I've loved you forever, you'll always be my favorite girl. Or something weird like that. And It says like, like, I'll see you never, or like this, like this is for real.


Like this is it. That's the last one. Oh my God. This is insane. Yeah. So what is that Year five. Oh my gosh. So she goes to college the next year and she's like, okay, well nothing is gonna happen. Right? Yeah. And she comes back home from college station. 'cause she went to a and m like frequently to see family, you know. And one time she was in town and that same Instagram handle DMD her again. Oh my gosh. And Check your front yard? No. Oh, it wasn't Valentine's Day anymore. Okay. And It says like, what? Say please meet me at whatever the church name was. I'd really love to meet you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Does she do it? Well, she shows me and my mom and my mom's like, absolutely not.


Yeah. If somebody wants to meet you, they can meet you at our church on Sunday where your family is. Yeah. And like we know you're safe and like nothing. Like even if this is just like crushed, it's kind of weird that they haven't said anything about it. Yeah. So we go to our church that morning. Okay. And JC walks in, sits down, we're all like sitting there. And this really, really tall guy. I don't know if I should like describe him. It's fine. No, it's fine. He's like slenderman tall and skinny. Oh gosh. And just like, just kind of looks interesting, but comes and sits next to her. And she is like, okay. Doesn't think twice about it. And then after the service, he like looks at her, doesn't say a word, just like stares at her.


And she's like, can I help you? And he was like, my name is blah, blah blah. And she was like, oh, okay. Nice to meet you. Like I'm glad you're at church. And he was like, I've been sending you all these messages and stuff. Oh, she has no clue who this guy is. And she's like, oh, okay. Well I appreciate that. And obviously not interested at all. Yeah. This guy's really creepy. And he doesn't say anything. He just kind of stares at her. And my dad is like weird losing his mind at the moment. 'cause he's like, who the heck is this dude? Like, yeah. Been messaging. Who's His dad? Who's taller than me? No, Literally this guy is like the size of the light.


There was not really say. That's scary. He was tall. Yeah. Okay. And so it's time to leave. And he asked J he's like, would you like to go to lunch? And she's like, oh yeah. I really appreciate that. But like we already had lunch plans. Yeah. Which we didn't. Yeah. Unbutton. Yeah. So we leave everything is, oh no wait, not yet. We're about to leave. Okay. Yeah. And our youth pastor walks up to my mom and dad and pulls them aside and it's like, Hey, this is completely your business. Like You can do what you want. I know like your daughter is like y'all's responsibility and I have no say so, but just as jcs old youth pastor, I would really like to like warn you a few things.


Like I've heard a few things about this guy and it's not great, but like again, like, y'all know what y'all are doing. My dad was like, I have no clue who that kid is. Yeah. Like what are you talking about? So he goes on to say, well I've heard some not so great things, but this family at the church has been housing him for a little while. Maybe you should talk to them. And so my dad's like, okay. Oh my God. Well, later on they have a conversation with this couple at the church. And so this guy, we'll call him Ex Ex, has been staying at their house for a few years. Okay. And he's about four or five years older than jc. We lin around his ex. Yes. Okay. Okay. And he's been staying at this couple's house and he said having like these mental episodes where he'll like look at things or like see things like if the chair at the dinner table is like turned a certain way, he might think that that means something about the time of the day and that you might be sending him a message like he's having like some mental episodes.


Okay. He's not all right in the head. Oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. And he's like me. And they said, no, he's not. One of the last straws for them was that one day, like maybe there was like change on the table or something. And there, you know how people would write things on dollar bills? Yeah. And then they just get passed around. You don't know where it comes from. Well apparently there was like something written on the dollar bill and the change section on the table. Okay. My gosh. And so the couple goes to sleep that night and they wake up at like three in the morning and ex is like standing over the wife and she's, oh my goodness. Staring at her in the middle of the night in their bedroom. Oh my God. And so the husband, She like, that's my, hold on. That's my biggest nightmare. That sounds waking up to someone just like, yeah. That's like, dude, I feel like you're lucky to be alive if someone's standing.


Yeah. Right there. That's terrifying. That's scary. So my wifely not my wife like shakes the husband up. She's like, And he's like, so he gets up and he's like, what are you doing in here? Like this is like, you're not allowed to come in this room. What are you doing? And then he like, so seriously and honestly like is not trying to be rude at all. He's like, no, she told me to come in here. And she's like, no I didn't. It's three in the morning, like go to bed. And he was like, no, I saw it on the change on the table. You told me to come in here at 3:00 AM And like he told them as if it was like a factual statement. Oh my gosh. And like why he thought all those things. And they were like n no. And so that was the last straw for them. Apparently there were other things that had happened before that, but that was it.


So he got kicked out after that. Oh. Anyways, long story short, towards the end, JC apparently did meet this guy. So there's this thing called Tiny Tots basketball, which is like little league basketball. Yeah. She Met little league, my tiny tots. No, No, no, no, no. My little sister and brother are four years younger than us and five years younger than jc. And so they were in Tiny Tots basketball when JC was in eighth grade. So they're in like fourth grade and fifth grade. And he was a senior in high school and he was coaching them. Oh my God. Then JC as an eighth grader and me as a seventh grader. So this guy's Like five or six years older than jc.


Yeah. Wow. That's crazy. Yeah. Would go watch obviously our little brother and sister's Tiny Todd's basketball game. Oh. And he as the coach, I guess was drawn towards JC as an eighth grader. I don't know. That's that's so that's when all started. But so JC would come into town every now and again back to college. Okay. After the whole church scenario thing happened, every time JC would come in from college, she would get either a DM message or some text message from a random phone number. Or he would leave like notes in our mailbox. But every single message, it was like he was having a conversation with her that she had already responded to.


Like he would start it off with fine, we hunt. Or like something like that. Like he was responding to something that she said, but she was like, but she Never texted Him. She is never texted him, but in his head they're having conversations. Oh. But he always knew when she was back in town, 'cause he would only leave a message whenever she came back to town and she lives two and a half hours away at college. So she was like, oh, he has to have like a tracker on my car or something. And eventually Daisy got a different car. So that stopped happening. But not because of that, but Oh, not because of that. She just had to get a different car. So it stopped happening. Did Whoever bought that car is like, Why Don? She get these notes. But anyway, so So you think he actually had a tracker on the car?


I don probably. He probably did. Wow. Honestly, probably. Yeah. That's crazy. But I'm not sure how much I Can share about what my dad did, but this guy could not hold a job and he kept having multiple different jobs. X. Yes, X. And so my dad though would, it's not a big town. Like if you go eat dinner somewhere, you're gonna see somebody as a waiter. Right. So he pulled this guy out of a restaurant one time and was basically like, if you touch my daughter again, like there'll be consequences. But probably a lot other words and things were used. But yeah. While this guy's at work, can you imagine like just being pulled out of the restaurant that scary while you're at work and you're like, Ugh. Anyways, so after that he didn't really talk to JC too much and 'cause she had a different car and he didn't really know where she was and when she was.


But there were other people who had started fighting From Disney on March 21st, the musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on a win. Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story. Magic Mirror on the wall. Who's the fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theater's. March 21st rated PG rental guidance. Suggested tickets on sale now. Oh, sheet Honey chill. It's just laundry. Not that I'm talking about these Arm and Hammer power sheets. All the power of arm and hammer laundry detergent in a convenient toss sheet.


Oh sheet. That's what I'm saying. And Armand Hammer power sheets deliver an effective clean at a great price. Think of all the laundry we'll do And all the money we will save. Oh, sheet Armand Hammer. More power to you. We're so done with New Year. New you this year is more you on Bumble, more of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them more of you dating with intention because you know what you want and you know what, we love that for you. Someone knows Will Too be more you this year and find them on Bumble, Like police reports on him and things just like got worse and worse.


Like technically the police can't arrest you if you're on somebody's property delivering a pizza, obviously. Right. But, and you, they can't really arrest you if you like hold the door. But if you break in, then they can get you for a break and entering. But if you don't actually touch somebody, then you can't be arrested for like, cause of murder or Like Yeah, sure. Things like that. So things slowly started progressing for him and he's like, put himself in and out of tal institutions and everything. And that's pretty much it. Oh my God. Wait, Wait. So how'd it end? JC did get a restraining order on him, but he's still like in and out of mental institutions and everything. He doesn't ever talk to JC anymore though.


Oh yeah. So is he still in like the hometown though? Wow. So he still lives in the hometown with jc? No. 'cause J Yeah. Oh, JC lives there now. Oh. Oh my goodness. Yeah. So this guy is like, he's just always there. That's terrifying. Alicia has a husband now. Oh yeah. That's really scary. That's terrifying. Yep. Wow. There's that. Yeah. Yeah. That's insane. Like, I, I actually can't wrap my mind around that. Yeah. That was one of the most interesting stories that we've ever told on this podcast. And I don't know how you guys just now Brought this up, tention. I know the retention Rate probably so much. There's so much I'm leaving out too. There's just not enough time. Oh My gosh. Like I don know how you guys just now brought this up.


Like, you guys haven't even told me this ever often podcast. I know. I like, this is never kind of a Conversation. And this is like the first thing I would tell people. My sister, I have actually lots of stories. Wow. I just never tell them. Oh my goodness. Gosh. That's insane. If That happened to Kate, Kate, oh, Oh. JC is going through it. Like she was pretty scared. We all Yeah, but JCI's Kind of a tough girl, you know? No offense. He But you cried over a tick. Oh, I mean, I'd shoot, I'd shoot him. I Can, I think she can. That's crazy. I still Can't believe that. No, I I'm telling you, I would not wanna stop Kate. She would too. Even if the guy's just like, Hey, I just thought bam.


My gosh. It was a thing when we first moved in here, everyone knew not to like, try to sneak in the house and scare me and stuff. Guys. I I'm talking, it was a thing when I would come home, I'd be like, Kay, it's me. Okay. It's, I'm walking into the house. No, seriously. Hey Alex, we doing, I come home. Yes, yes, yes. We came back one time. We come back from the casino, we open the door and the light goes, Hey, it's like, and we're like, what the, it's literally like you walk into a yard, like it's a trap set everywhere. Like the spotlight shines on. You ever seen home alone? That's what happens to this place when We leave. Oh gosh. Yeah. Listen, there's an explanation for that because Cash and Maverick and all the guys, when when they're here I'm fine.


But this night they were going to the casino and they were driving like an hour away. They had a free night at the casino, so they were gonna like stay the night there. And my friend is like, Hey, the AC is out at my house, can I like come stay over? And I was like, this is perfect. The guys are leaving. Yes. Come stay over. So I didn't wanna sleep in my bedroom alone because I was like scared. And so my friend and I were sleeping in the guest bedroom together and I had told her like, I just got these security cameras and I was like, we'll be fine. I'm gonna set these up and like, that's Even's even more crazy. There was two of you and y'all set up all these security cameras. That's insane. Well, I, I was telling you, first of all, you guys act like it's Absolutely, it's safety first. I, We Yes. Do You guys act like it's insane? Our address is out there. People know where we live. Oh no. It, it scared me.


Can we, when we walked to the door and No, no, don't say that. Okay. When we walked in the door and Yeah. You cannot say that. Alright. Nothing. I'll tell you later. It's Well, we can bleep it and just get her reaction. No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Okay. But when we walked in the door this night, the light shining on us. Like, and then the camera starts making noises. It's like, eh, and we're like, oh, intruder. I'm like intruder. I, We scream house Kate. It us it's us. Kate, don't shoot, don't shoot. Oh my gosh. Yeah. But, and I come in and I'm like, and she's in the kitchen and there's just a gun sitting next to her. I'm like, okay, listen. It's just me. Can you say that? Huh? Can you, are you allowed to say that? I get, yeah, yeah. You can say it.


Strap. Kate walks around the house strap when no one's scared. I sure do Because we have millions of followers and people know where we live. And if you try to hurt me, I'm going. Actually I think that's fine. If she's in her own home and you come in, you're trying to, I I didn't even take, I'm just imagining the 9-year-old that's watching this on their television with, with their parents sitting there and it's just Kate. I will. Okay. Yes. Maybe some nine year olds like, it needs bleeped probably. Yeah. No, no. You don't have to bleep it. I mean, that is a little hep I mean, most of our audiences, If you, if you just say, if, if you bleep out that word, Dunno how to bleep it out a little pew noise. Okay.


But it's gonna, I would listen. Y'all need to understand when y'all bleep some things, it makes it sound worse. That's true. Because if she's like, that's I'll bleep you. Like, what the heck does that mean? Like, sometimes y'all bleep out Harper's words that, and I'm like, What did she just say? What did he say? Like, yeah, no, No. You don't gotta bleep that. It's fine. Yeah, No, I, I don will bleep you. I, That, that honestly might be one of the craziest stories we've ever told on the pod. That was a good story. And like, just one of the most like life threatening, dangerous things that's ever happened. Yeah. Normally we just joke around, but that was actually serious. Wow. Wow. I should tell stories more often. Kansas. Like, I got a list Of stories. Wait, I've got three already. Life threatening.


My house caught on fire twice and somebody broke in. So I have three more upset. Somebody Broke into your house. It was a really scarring moment. No, it's not. See and that's Why I was about to say that's like my dream. But I, I don't mean that like that It's obviously not Kate's dream. It's not my dream. It's just, you know, for some reason I feel like if somebody broke into my house, it's like one of those moments where it's like, well you gonna be Batman for a second? Yeah. Me and Matt just like jujitsu him to the floor and it's like, yeah, we, You can call the cops if you want, but we already got the guy, you know? Yeah. And like, yeah, I don't know. Or Kate will just, if you come, that was what probably would happen. Me and Matt would be like finally got bam. Yeah. I'm not crazy.


I promise I don't, I don't like it, but I will not die. Like what? I, in reality, I had pepper spray last night, but like, you know, pepper spray doesn't do as much damage. I Just still can't believe this guy stalked you for five years or JC stalks JC for five years. Six, six years. That's insane. That is like, that's dedication. That is the next level stalker. Well, crazy. They were like going on in his head. Yeah. Like he did. No, but I get it. Like one year or two year. But stalking someone for six years, six years is insane since she was in eighth grade. That's insane.


Yeah. Well, all right guys, I thank you so much for watching this episode. Now that we scared everyone. Well, okay. Actually I'm being so serious. I don't wanna scare anyone, just the people that wanna hurt me. So I Wasn't even, I wasn't even talking about you, I was talking about the stalker situation. Oh, you guys are all probably fine. Like, don't stress, you know, live life Tries in this episode. Well, I see you guys next time. Ease out, Bro. Shine up.