
I would like for all of you actually to tell them your reason, because I'm the only one who doesn't wanna stop the podcast, but everyone else here wants the podcast to be Over. I enjoy it. I just also would like to have kids one day. But What does that have to do with the pod? You were the one who started the enlightenment entire conversation of quitting the podcast. Okay. No, I'm going To LA and I'm trying to pursue my singing and so like, I just can't really do that right now with the podcast and stuff. It's gonna be weird. The sensor's gonna collect cobwebs, collect dust. That's So weird. No, it's gonna be turned into a normal upstairs again. No, we can't leave this set. Why are You crying? Because y'all act like it's not sad, but it is. Alright guys. So I had a question that I started to ask before the podcast, but I decided to wait till we started the podcast.


Brody's been wearing this pants since yesterday. No, these are different pants. Thank you very much. No, they're not. Those are the same pants. These are different Pants. I, I just pulled those out of the dry different pants yesterday. Map said his outfit was inspired by Kim. Possible. What's wrong with Kim? Possible You're out there for the music video. Yeah. Was in inspired by a female. Well, no, no, no. By the show. Kim Paul Bulls curvy. The dude wears him on there too. What's his name? Yeah, Matt was trying to be curvy for a second. What's the name? What's the name? What's his Name? Ron Unstoppable. Ron Unstoppable. Ron Unstoppable. That's his name. Really? Name. Ron. Ron. Wear the same pants. That's crazy. Unstoppable. Also, guys, I don know if you guys watched one of our last episodes, but the last episode we posted before this No, no.


Posted this before or whatever. I don't know. Whatever episode we're recording on, we decided that we are going to try to get one of our Uber drivers. Yes. Or Postmates, drivers delivery driver or call Or DoorDash Driver. DoorDash driver. We're gonna try to get one of our delivery drivers to get on, bring our food and join our podcast. Yes. Harper. Do you use DoorDash? My DoorDash driver is about to pull up, so I'm gonna go see if something wrong. Diana will come on the show. Okay. I'll be right back. She's not coming on the show. Also, Diana. Diana Also, if you guys are one's bringing my Panda Express, what does, what does Diana look like? Is she like He's gonna find out. I do you think I know Diana Well, there's a profile picture.


You look at the profile Picture there. No. Hey, and you guys are wondering why this episode is being posted on a Tuesday, right? It'll be posted on Tuesday. I don't know. Yes, it'll be posted on Tuesday instead of Wednesday. Well, I don't think they really, you will find out later in the episode why this one is posted on Tuesday instead of Wednesday. Surprise. It's a treat. Harper. When you order food, you use DoorDash. Yeah. Do you? Down here. So I don look weird. Harper. Harper. That's you. Oh my God. She's, it's not as weird because you're like young. You could just be like his little sister or something. Say, will you be on my podcast? Say, Will you be Dream Gas on my podcast, Diana? Anyways, I use DoorDash. Do you use I I use Uber Eats.


Uber Eats. Oh gosh. Cash use Postmates I hate. Oh, like delivery food things. Yeah. Matt got robbed one time and he holds it against the entire delivery Industry. No, just wants, it was many times they, they just just send you the wrong thing. They don't show up with the food. And if they do show up with the food, it's like never good. It's just like, well, you realize you pull out your McDonald's fry and you're like, ah. And it just goes Like, No. Well, you realize it's, it's because it kind of sits there for a while. Yeah. They gotta drop off at three different houses. Pick up the food. That's why you pay the three extra dollars to keep the immediate service. Yeah, But when everyone pays for that, then it's not immediate, is it? Well, yeah, I never pay for that. Then they'll, they're only allowed to go from the restaurant to your house. That's not true. Only my, I paid for it and that does not happen.


My only issue is that, yeah, sometimes I think they do stack up orders low key when Even they express. Oh, They're supposed to. They're not supposed to, but I think they will. But my issue is that every time I order Chipotle, they ji me. I'm like, gimme double protein. What? The never double protein. You want that double protein? I Want double protein. I think that's trying to get engaged. Totally issue. Not a, not a DoorDash issue. Yeah. But when I go in, like when I order it in the store, it's always there. You guys eat double protein and then maybe you can do pushups too, just like Kate. Yeah. Remember. Yay. I went from nothing to this. You're shaking. You can, you're like twitching. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I've been, I've been hitting in the gym. I, I follow this girl on social media. She inspires me and every day I am like, oh, I don't wanna go to the gym.


Cash's like, what would she do? What would she do? Here's the thing. I don't ever, Diana, Ever Diana Coming. Diana, Go, Come here. We Got our delivery. Oh no. Diana does not know what she's walking into here. Oh yeah. Here we On the couch. Are you on The phone with somebody? Yeah. Ola Harper. Deo Harper. Okay, that was bad Spanish.


Here, here I got it. Hey Michael, can you translate real quick? It Maybe. Alright. Say Whenever you want. This is called the LOL podcast. Wait, what? And this called The LOL Podcast. Michael, speak Spanish. Yes. Pajama a little L podcast. Hello? Yes. Yes. Well, thank you. Gracias. Now ask her Michael pajamas. Michael, ask her Kiss Mary Kill between Ask her Kiss Mary, kill between Cash. Me and Alex.


Wait, what? What'd You say? Ask her. Ask her. Ask her. Ask her to kiss Mary. Kill between me, Maverick, and Alex. Okay. I mean, I don't think that she knows who you guys are. Okay. Say, say the three. Harper will point when she, when you say it, Venezuela. Oh, Hello. This is from Venezuela. Oh, from Minnesota. Minnesota. I hear. Ask her Michael. Okay. Tell her it's a game. Yeah. It's a fantastic CAA or Caa?


Caa. I get killed. The one with the camera. The one with the camera? Yeah. What, what about him? Kill. Okay, now what Elsea N Is that Kiss? No, that's, that was to kill the first one. But the second one is to to Mary.


Okay. Oh, so and, and then Mav is point. And then Mav is Kiss. No, it's to Mary. I guess. She's Mary Maverick. Oh man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Here you go. Here there goes on. Mike messed it up. Wow. What a fun lady. I'm glad Diana came to be on our podcast, dude. What do You mean? She came up here and she was to Alex just shot Him. Man. I hardcore assumed when they said Diana, I was thinking that older lady, I was like, she year old lady. So sick of y all. Yeah. I was like, dude, guys.


That's crazy. Next time Alex, How does it feel to be killed by an Uber driver? I mean, that was crazy. Michael. Michael said, I'm not asking her that. Guys, that was crazy. I mean she was nice that she was super Nice. I don't know if Michael got it all right though. He goes, I think she killed that one. I think. I think she's marrying you. I don Dunno. I thought you meant Michael, your brother. And I was like, how does he know Spanish? No. Yeah, bilingual. But yeah. What did you get Me? You gonna eat that right now? Yeah. Diana brought me Panda best. Oh, she's this nice lady. Shout out Diana. Oh, we should To the a hundred dollars. Oh, I did. That's what I did when I went downstairs. No You didn't. Yes, I Didn't. Okay.


Cash. I can't even lie. They're C Main from Panda Express is so Like, I had to chase her downstairs. I was like, excuse me, excuse me. Speak English. Didn't know what I was saying. I was like, excuse me. But I said, call I, I'm in Spanish right now. So she looked at you like you were crazy. I know she was like, I said, Ola Temo Harper. That means my name is Harper. And Did she say anything after? And she looked at me and she looked back. But I went, okay. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think you said said whatever you think. No, it's Mimo, isn't it? Ola, MIMO Harper. Yeah. I said, what did y'all say to her at the front door? She said, Ola, my love is Harper.


Ola, my love Is Harper. That's so bad. But yeah, she looked at me and she looked back and I went, oh, okay. That's so bad. What did y'all say to her at the front door? Oh, like, I don't even know. Cash was like, we have a podcast. I Gave her my S spill. I was like, we have a podcast, blah, blah, blah. Then she goes, no English. I was like, brick, not again. And then she Pulled out her phone. She was on call with a friend and then she hung, hung, hung up the phone And then called someone who translated. Yeah. TMO means I love So you said I Harper? No, It's Miama or Mia Moore. Te Mia Moore is my love. I thought Temo was my love. Tama means I love you or something.


I think, yeah. All the bilingual people watching right now are probably laughing their butts off. I took Spanish and like text. It means I love you. Okay. I love Harper. She Harper you said, I love you Harper Mia Moore. Wait, so what did you tell the lady? What does Mia Moore mean? She Said, I love you Harper. That's why she was like, she was like, okay. She's like, my name's not Harper. Like no T I'm a Harper. I was like, wait, Harper. Did she know what our, did you tell her our podcast? Yeah, she screenshotted it. Oh, That's crazy. Wait, so when she came up here, was that the friend? She was on FaceTime with downstairs?


Yeah. Oh. And she was like, I was like Tema Harper. She was like, wow. She was like taken back when she looked in this room, she was like, Oh my God. Yeah, She actually walked up here and she was like, what? That's Why. Well, the reaction she had, I was like, oh, did she ha like, does her daughter watch or something? I don't know if she was like, No, she just saw the holes and She was like, what is this? Oh yeah, it's, She was like, is that a secret room? We shoulda had her go in the secret room. That's sketchy. If I'm a door as driver, I'm not going to Nobody's secret room. It just says danger. Dinosaur area. Don't worry. I don't think she can read English. I Wonder what she's, we'll be Fine. Actually, I wonder what she's thinking right now. Like, what the heck? Like I was just on a podcast.


I wonder if she's ever heard a stranger Danger. Yeah, she walked right in. Kidnapped. Well Maybe the person who is speak, who spoke English and Spanish, maybe they were telling her who


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


We are, oh, maybe, Maybe not. I, I said we have a few million subscribers to the person and I think she translated it And then she ran upstairs. She did? Oh no, No, no. She was like, Ew, you just dropped a carrot. Yeah. Ew. I'm sorry. Y'all can have that if you want it. No, nobody want it. No, I don't want that. I'm Good guys. Lio triplets are in town. We should get them on their pod St. Str around St. Matt. What was that question you had? Oh, the question was how much fall damage can you take? Oh, right, right, right. Well I know a girl who fell from my airplane. Her parachute didn't work. Well No, that doesn't count. She still has a functioning parachute kind of. No, 'cause the, the, the Bailey think She's just got more weight on her now. Wait, how much fall damage can you take?


Yeah. Like a parachute would still be slowing her down even to slow her down. Like 60%. Well, maybe not enough. Can you land like in trees or water? No, fall damage, like off of edge of a building. I swear onto concrete. I guess I, oh my gosh. How much fall damage, even Even the safety parachute that's supposed to go out, the your first one doesn't work. Didn't work. And so she fell. She hit the ground. She broke all of her ribs. Okay. So are you trying to suggest that You can jump out of a plane and potentially live? Yes. No, she had a parachute given her drag. No. Yeah. Okay. Have You guys had to land in a tree or water? Which would you wanna land on? Water Tree. No, you gotta land the tree. Why? You have to, every Water turns to concrete when you, when you're that high up. It's as hard as concrete. What Are, have you ever brought in from a plane and you somehow manage to know how to steer yourself And You can Pick the trees or the water.


You go for the trees? We actually, Yeah. 'cause the water literally when you're that high up. But you know how if you belly flop into water, just like from like five feet, it hurts. Yeah. Yeah. But a tree could like, it could slow you down more. Yeah. Also, probably you're not gonna have any time to actually think about this. Yeah. But it, They Say that if you do have time, like if you're swept up in a tornado or something, try to knock yourself out so that No, you do. Oh yeah. 'cause then your body is limp and whenever you hit the ground, you're not as tense. Yeah. And less bones will break. Okay. Can, can you explain to me that's why people that how You can try to just, I hold Your breasts breast From a tomato. Her feet are coming off the ground. She's like, no, I Wouldn't do that.


Hold my breath. It's like How drunk Driver where like Kenzie, it was just wind. She's like, It's like how drunk drivers sometimes won't get very bad injuries because they're so relaxed. They don't, they won't take up. That's crazy. Really? You think tinting up does that much? Yeah. Oh yeah. It stiffens your body and like your Oh my gosh will be way worse. I just learned like five live lessons. So steer the trees. If you fall out, imagine you're in the air and you start steering towards a tree. Like I don knock yourself out in tornadoes. Yeah Dude, that's crazy. Like Yeah. But then if you lay on a tree, You can just like get impaled by a branch. Well You could. Yeah you could. I mean you're not a very ideal to waste. Yeah, no. I mean just don't jump out of a plane. But most tree branches aren't just like pointing up.


Don't you Think the tornado tornado Would Like knock you out itself Up? I don't know. After watching, what was that movie that came out? Twisters. Twisters? Yeah. After watching that, I got kind of nervous About behind. Oh, Glen Powell. There was a tornado near Livingston probably like two or three years ago. And this lady's dog got swept up in the tornado. Oh my gosh. And they found it on, found the other side of the lake. Was he alive? It was alive. Wow. Wow. It was the size of honey Swept up By tornado. Tornadoes are one of those things that like I know they're real and I know they're obviously a thing and like I've never been in one and they destroy buildings. But I just cannot imagine so much wind that could lift me off the ground. I didn't, don't see that happen. And it just comes out of nowhere.


Last year comes, I just don't see my whole body lifting off the ground from last Year, 30 minutes away from us. A tornado took out that entire gas Station. I know. But for some reason if I was in that gas station, I just feel like I'm not gonna fly away. Did y'all ever hear about the tornado that went through Temple? Like literally five minutes down the road from my house? No, Kenzie, nobody has 'cause no one's from Temple. But please tell us There are people watching this. I Can guarantee you from Temple. Okay. But anyways, I'm sitting, sitting in my house all alone. Me and Stella just sitting there, powers out. I hate the dark. And it's pitch black outside. Y'all ever Seen a tornado from 10, 19 55? I Can hear. All I Can hear is stuff like hitting the side of my house. And also I hear the siren for the tornado. It's like, woo.


And I, I have like 5% battery left. I'm like, my last call, I'm gonna call Maverick and I'm like, Maverick, Oh, Blah blah. And he's like, oh, I gotta go. I'm at the casino. Bye. Okay. I don When was it like June? It was maybe May. It was the casino. It was basketball and two. Now that you said that. I remember that they were, they were witnesses in the car. You did not make it sound like it was an intense situation. It was intense. Yeah. Matt, Matt told me, I was like, what's, what's that about? He was like, she's scared because the power's out. I was like up. No, it was a big deal.


I left my house the next day after I was advised not to leave my house. And I soon realized after getting on the road in my car, I should not be driving around. 'cause there were like stop signs completely bent over like roofs from houses, lights were on the street in my neighborhood. And I was like, oh, gotta turn around. Go back. That's So scary. Yeah, it was so scary. Yeah Dude. Yeah. No, I've seen so many stories. Stories you to hide in the bathtub when that happens. I hide. Yeah. Well I, my mom told me to hide in an interior room and I only had one interior room and it was my laundry room. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know the tornado's gonna find you right? Oh Well thank you. Yeah. I Tornadoes Coming in our house. I'm laying In your bathtub. No, what? That you're supposed To what? What? That's the worst place go.


You're going into the, the bathtub. Close to the edge of the house on the Second store. If there's Your tornado, we're gonna go into that small bathroom downstairs. No, You go into the closet downstairs. Under the stairs? Yeah. Or yeah, that bathroom. Oh Well usually where I go. Well my mom always wakes me up when there's a tornado warning and we go, Or You can go into our closet. We go, yeah, Go ahead. So like we go down to the bathroom and stuff and we put helmets on. You know what? That is the opposite of what I do. When I hear there's tornado, I Go outside, wait, hold up. We put helmets on and put pellets over her head and put Pelles over Estes head too. Sounds smart. No you don't. Thank you. Swear. You put helmets on. You put helmets on. Yes. I promise. Did you not know it to get knocked out in the tornado? Y'all have not Seen how many people do that?


Takes her helmet off. She's like, oh my mom's like, whatcha doing? Put your helmet on. She's just begging her head against her helmet. She's like, fine. Why did my mom I mute, put on a helmet? No, I would Say that's smart. Better yet, she just starts knocking out her mom. It's the best everybody I wanna, and then my dog got a bat to her family And then my dog, I'm saving. You might not realize like About to jump off her stairs just onto the ground. Wait, I gotta know where about to find out how much fall damage I Can take.


What kind of helmets are these? Biking helmets. Oh, okay. I have a photo. I think aerodynamic. Nice. I actually think I have a photo of us hiding Fly faster. I promise you. I have a photo of it. Wait, y'all, y'all haven't seen how many people put helmets on during tornado watches? Every tornado I've ever had close to my house, I run outside immediately to See always. My dad actually was like, get in the car boys we're gonna go chase it. Yeah. I'm like climbing on the roof trying to check this thing Out That's home with stuff. That's crazy. No, that's, I mean my, my family definitely Watched Listen, If out Not close enough, then it's like, oh frick. But if it's like, you know, 300 yards away, you're fine. I was getting hit by tree branches one time. Yeah, Dude.


No, I'm trying to find it. One time a hail fell on my head. A Hail? Yeah, hail just one. Oh. I'm already Saving cardboard for when the hail storms hit card to throw on our, to put on our cars. Oh. Because I, our car took some hail damage last year because of a freaking jeep. And if I find you count your tires day happened when I'm slashing them. What happened? All three Kate did get hoed. I got Literally, if I were ever gonna hit somebody in the face, it would've been this person all three. What I would've slapped, I was literally gonna knocked their teeth out. What happened? We were gonna slash all three tires. All three tires. You can't do four or else insurance covers it. You gotta slash three. Wait, What? Okay, what, what, what?


What happened? Yeah. So I'm trying to find the photos. No good. That's why I'm On my phone. Last year was a hail storm. My sister and I were out shopping even though mom said don't be out shopping. I said, mom, it's fine. So we were out shopping and like little chunks of ice start falling and I was like, oh shoot, I need to find like somewhere to put our car. And so I am looking around and all of like the stalls that sonic are taken and I was trying to find somewhere to like hide and there's a shutdown like hospital where the ambulance used to pull up and the awning, like no one was under there. Right. Except for this one guy. So I pull up and I try to get in and this guy's taking up, it's not the Jeep yet. This is just a random guy. He's taking up the entire thing when you could fit four cars in there. But he parked right in the middle so no one else could pull in. So I'm like trying to pop the curb and get on there and I just can't fit.


And he's just watching me and like I struggled for like two or three minutes and finally he rolls his eyes. First of all, I got, I got hurt by two people. Wait, What does hold mean? He just did, did wrong dirty. Oh they did me so wrong. And so he moves his car and right when I'm about to pull in a jeep, literally whips around so quick and takes my spot. And I had been there for like a, like I was there for a couple minutes trying to get in the spot and he just took it from me. And it was like some nice, like 2024 big ugly blue jeep. Oh and your Jeep, just so you know, your Jeep is made to withstand stuff like that dummy. And I hope you get lots of hail damage this year. I hope you can't find protection. Okay, well That's messed up.


Yeah, that, that's just messed up. No, I don't hope that she laughs. Like I don't hope you get hail damage but you're mean and you're selfish. And I was there first and then I had to hide under a tree. And guess what? I got hail damage and it's all the Jeep's fault. You owe me a check if I find you Insurance didn't cover it. No, I tried to. I tried actually to get it fixed. Here it is. I wanted to pocket the money from, I found It. Oh, so you did get a check. Me and my friend Anna, I don a check from them. Me And my friend Anna. Were hiding it. My mom. That is so that Doesn't look like you guys are going through a tornado. First tornado. No, We were not hashtag Twister. We were hiding in my mom's. I'll send it to you. But we were hiding in my mom's bathroom and we were all posted up with the helmets on.


It's so funny. But no, yeah, I specifically remember that day. Yeah, No, I remember the cardboard I got from like, there was some employees at a restaurant right next door to me and I saw them all running out with all these cardboard boxes and throwing it over their cars and they were protecting it from the hail. I remember the first earthquake I felt, I've never felt I, Oh my goodness. Me and Kasha felt many and then we realized it was just our sister walking. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my gosh. Le Lane. It was, it was a close call. Justice For Laney. Wait, was this in California? No, it was here. Your sister walking in Oklahoma. And, and I mean when that house started shaking the first time we live right next to the train and I was like, I no, the train derailed, it's, it's coming for our house, our waters.


Were like, yeah, the whole house is, and you're like, oh no. Oh no. And like I didn't really think it could be an earthquake 'cause no one hears about earthquakes in Oklahoma or Texas. So I was just like, oh, there's no way. Like you didn't, didn't even think about it. No. I thought for sure something was coming for the house. Terrify. That's crazy. No. Have you seen that one video where that girl's putting on lipsticks or lip lipstick and she like, there's an earthquake that comes and she's like, Do You guys see the earthquakes in Japan? Crazy. Oh my goodness. See that this, oh, I gotta show you guys some clips right now. Have you not seen that? Like buildings fell? I'm not like, I'm not really into that Side. I mean like buildings fell. Buildings fell. I mean, I don't know.


And you know like rooftop pools, they were going like this. Oh I did. Oh that's terrifying. I saw that And water was like falling off skyscrapers. No, I look at, I don't know how. I haven't seen that. Yeah, this is crazy. These people are just sitting here laying in the pool on top of the skyscraper and all of a sudden just, just wait. I'm trying to turn this. Wait, is that Two boys? No. Oh the water starts moving. Oh. And they're like, oh uhoh. Oh My God. Look At that. That is scary. Imagine you just get taken by the water and swept over the edge. Oh my God. That I would love to be Terrified. Like It's just like absolutely no. Oh my imagine. Oh my God. Being on the ground too and all that. You're up like they're up like 300 stories in the air.


That's crazy. That's, See that's why you don't do skyscrapers. Absolutely Not. If the pillow doesn't go over, then they wouldn't have. Have you guys ever been up in a building so tall that you felt it swaying? Yes. That's so Scary. Or if you like look up at the Statue of Liberty and you like start swaying 'cause it's so big and you like get Scared. Have you seen the Statue of Liberty? I Have. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Have you, I saw it from like a miles Away. Did you go to the island? No, I actually saw it from miles away. The water island. The water coming off this pool in this one. Oh my God. Off the edge of the building. Oh my God. If you were in that pool, you're just getting swept over the edge. That's Terrifying. But like, you know when you're looking at a skyscraper and you look up and it's so big and you feel like it's falling on you, it's Kind Of like I could never live like in an apartment, a skyscraper. I'd feel like, no. It's so scary.


I'd feel like I'm gonna fall All the time. It's terrifying. Absolutely terrifying. Terrify. Well there's people that like live in them. They'll be like, yeah I Can feel it. Swank, what do you move? Find a new one. Like you don't have to be living there. You can feel swaying. Like what the heck? Like if you're building is so high in the sky that You can feel yourself moving when it's windy. Use That house actually a thing. Yeah, because they, I mean they can't like I Don't even talk. I was in on one time. You can feel it like slowly swaying. That's So scary. It was So scary. I did not like that. I Don't know why that's like legal. Look At this one. I just saw this one. Look, there's a bridge in between the buildings and it collapsed 'cause they're separating so much. Look how much it's moving. Oh my God. You can see how much it's moving. Why would there be a bridge in the middle of two buildings To connect them?


Okay, that's, that's crazy. I feel. Are you sending all, wait, when was the, when was the earthquake? Like a week or two ago? I have not Seen any of That. Wow. I've seen a bunch of plane crashes. Other than that It was really like one of the biggest earthquakes I think like ever. That's crazy. Wow. My TikTok does not feed me that. You're not on quake TikTok? No, not on Quake. Earthquake. TikTok. Crazy Quake TikTok. Yeah. No I'm not on that Ma'am. Dude, I can't wait on another episode. I wanna get another door dash driver on here man. Yeah, I like that. Oh my gosh. You know the most embarrassing thing ever. So basically my teacher was calling Roll today and And then I was like here. But I accidentally was like, here.


Wait, you guys actually do that? Yes. Yeah. You take roll every day. It's So do funny. What homeschoolers don't know. I know I have to take attendance somehow. If you're not in class, they mark you absent. Do you do that for every single class? And they're like Harper In here. Some of the teachers wouldn't like call your name. They just look around. Look Around. But Yeah, sometimes you get by And sometimes you're like presents. Yeah. They're also kids. Those are the teachers that are good. The ones that don't actually take role because then later You can argue and You can be like, I was here, I was just had my head down. Yeah, you did not count me. No. I would like you to take my absence off. No, but there were some teachers that just like didn't care enough at all. They were like, I don't care if you're here or not.


They smart everybody here. They're like, I'm gonna mark you here. So for the sake of me not having to go fill out an absence, That'd be me as their teacher. I'm like, everyone's here. It's Always, it's always the coaches, always the history coaches. Yes, the history teacher coaches. Yeah. Wait, what were you gonna say though? You would, you didn't finish your story. You were doing roll. Oh yeah, they were taking roll and then they were like Harper and I was like here and it was very embarrassing. Oh, your vo. Hear everyone laugh. What? Did everyone laugh? No. Did You guys ever feel pressure on like how you're gonna say it? Like You can say present here. No, it's always just here. Just here. I Mean, who doesn't say anything besides here? I mean I've never like took No, Matt is definitely saying Present. Present. No. What Is Not a guy to say Present?


No, he's the type of guy to say a different way of saying it. He Accounted for everybody's like, what bro? What account For Or for use that one. My absence is not here. Not at. He's so funny. Not the type of guy to say account for. Why could I actually see him saying that though? I would not say it. No. I could actually see you being like accounted. I Can actually And then. And then Cash is like, dude what did you just say? And you're like, why is that weird? That's not weird. Why is that weird? You don't wanna know the Cinema. Like, come On. Cash isn't kind to say something weird. He'd be like, cash would try to just be funny. I'd say bum. Yeah. He'd be like not here and they'd mark him absent. 'cause they do mark you absent.


If someone says not here, the teacher's like, all right. And they're not here. What the, their classmates say they're not there. Dang. I'd be Mark Cash absent for the whole year. But there is always the weird kid that's like reporting here for duty. I Can, does anybody in class actually say anything besides here? I'm trying to think. Sometimes they're like present. Really? Hey, if we were in your school, what group Would, oh, this is such a good question. Yeah. Would we hang out with, Oh my God, what If Kt what did we say the other day? Oh wait, we can, we can't say it. I Get a backstory. No, no, no. You gotta get that after. 'cause you don't want it to influence her Decision. Yeah. Oh you'd be in the Wise. No, I'm kidding.


No, but what's it called? Okay. I'm actually trying to like what? Like Clique would they call into? I guess. Wait, so if y'all were age, you can age, right? We were in math if they were just at your school. Okay, So Mav and Cash would definitely be in like, Like where would you go to in to your school or class or sport or whatever it is to find me and Mav Definitely the theater club. Both of 'em. What you're gonna classify Together? Actually no. I feel like I would find Mav at like the theater club in Cash. Like Cash like with, with like eating at lunch with all the popular guys. And then I'll take it. I take it man. And then Kate definitely. Well I don't know, it's either in a library reading or, but that would be you right now.


But the reading club my age, I would say no. Matt would be in the chess club. You would be at lunch with your friends. What? That's what Matt said. Matt said I'd be in the chess club. Yeah, he'd be in the chess club. But Alex said, but Alex said he'd be in the theater. I said theater. So you know both of them on math. Yeah. Yeah. But there's actually a place I would be because in high school that's just kinda how I was. So continue. Okay, well then, Kay, you would be, I feel like you, if I wanted to go find you, you'd be at a vending machine. No, I'm okay. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I promise That's earthquakes. I know, I know exactly where you'd be. You'd be with your friends walking to softball.


If I saw you my age, you'd be walking to softball with all your friends in your backpack with a bat on the back. And you'd be like, she And then Kenzie mysterious. She'd be like slightly bullying somebody Look at you And Then Kenzie, I feel like you would be my friend. Ah, thank you. Yeah, you, you definitely would. You'd be like my really close friend. I feel like, 'cause you're the same height as me. Just like I Never had Friends. My height. It was really sad. Same I don. And anytime I Met somebody that was my height. I was like, we we're destined To be friends. Yeah. Be friends. No. Yeah. I feel like you'd yeah. Be one of my good friends that eats at lunch with me or something. Oh, thank you. Or Kate. I don't know. Both of y'all may be, what if we all would Say, but you do feel like we'd fit in into some sort of group, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sure.


What? Yeah, because at the restaurant pay penal and all them brought it up. They were like, you know what? It's weird if Matt and Cash were into actual like real life high school, they're like, they just wouldn't fit in anywhere. I was like, so we'd be an outcast. They're like, yeah, Actually I really think Kate And Kenzie would like be my best friends. Aw, Kate might bully you. At least in middle school. Definitely In middle school. No I wouldn't. But by high school you could be friends. No, I wouldn't find you at the ven vending machine. You'd find me there. Oh Wow. Yeah. I mean I got lunch, whatever that is least I got that. We said, I said Maverick is definitely like at cross country practice.


Yes. Yeah. He's definitely like doing that. But he is doing the high drop. Like he's doing Yeah, he's doing like pole boxing or he's doing like a random pick at freaking track Javelin Or like, or the, the, what's it called? The disc? Yeah. Disc. Yeah. Or Frisbee. Shot put Shot put. Yeah. Or Frisbee. No, those are like super, super strong big guys. Yeah. Yeah. What the, You're just, wait, What sport are you guys talking about right now? The one where they throw the ball. The one where they sw. They had that in high school. No, the Weight where They're like, you know, That's exactly what it looks like. You know, it's funny, I, oh, I don't feel like that's like a really like a, an athletic thing to do.


No, I just don't feel like that's like a practice every day after school time thing. Like, oh I gotta go practice throwing my ball again. But they throw I don't under maybe. Okay. If you guys do the shot put, please explain. But why do you twist so many times? I know Momentum but I don't do like Monday through Friday. How do you practice that And how do they stay in that one square? Like they're In that little circle. Like at some point I'd be like, I throw the ball that far. That's how far I Can throw the ball. Okay, take it or leave it. Dude. What if he actually throw it at the like audience? That would be so bad. No, I remember. Okay, you saying throw the ball makes me remember this. But in elementary school we had like a field day and before field day you could pick which like competitions you wanted to sign up for. And so I always signed up for the softball throw and I thought I was gonna eat 'cause I was a softball player.


I was like, I don't know these chumps play softball. I didn't even place in the top five. Oh. I was like humbled. So. Well that's probably 'cause all the other softball girls signed up for that. No, but I got beat by girls that weren't in softball. Oh, that's down bad. The coach is like Kate, you're off the team. Yeah. I was like, what? I was humbled. That's okay. Well that's okay. When we did our field day, I signed up for like the, the 200 Yard. You have a field day? A Homeschool? Yep. A homeschool field day. No, not a homeschool field day. No, not a homeschool field. This is when I was, I, I went to public school until second grade. What? So in the second grade we had field day and I signed up for 200. Yard dash was like just second Grade is crazy. Like what? You only stayed in public school till second grade?


Yeah. And then I signed up for the 200 yard dash. So it was to one end of the football field and then back. And it was only me and my friend that signed up for that. So there's only two of us. And his other friend, the whole thing, his other friend had growth deficiencies. It was so I No way. Yeah, he was like, he was like literally two feet tall. So I cooked him and got first like he could have ran backwards and probably won. It was sad. It was just so bad. 'cause all of the, no matter what you entered, there wasn't many people in it because it was a small town. Like Bury only had five people might had two. Wow. I would've done good there, but I had some serious competition here in Dallas. You Played softball and lost the girl said Don't. What do you mean you would've done good there? It doesn't get any easier than that.


And then my sister signed up for the soccer kick and my dad was like, why would she do that? She's never kicked a soccer ball ever. And then she just completely missed and cried and went home. Aw. Poorly. Completely missed the ball. She's completely like my, like they gave her like three chances and she just, she never kicked it. So she was just like, couldn't kick the ball. Ow. Why did she miss That hungry? But she'd run up and just mess with that finger. So Then Maverick gets fifth place in his race out of five people. Mav had five people in his race. Did and he got last, it was fall and I have asthma. Okay. So and wait they give out fifth, first, second, third, fourth, and fifth place like ribbons.


And since there's only five people in the race, the goal at the event is to walk out with as many ribbons as possible. That's goal. And so since only five people enter into his race, he still somehow got a ribbon even though he got last place. And he comes over to my mom and dad and my mom and dad are like, sorry son, you didn't win. He goes, yeah, I did. I got ribbons. He was like, I got fifth. And they're like, oh yeah, you did win perspective. And a lot of people lack it. Okay. For just a based trophy at its best. Wait, That's so sad though. Imagine if there were six kids and there's only one kid. Get A, it's like you're a winner, you're a winner, you're a winner, you're a winner and you're a loser. Big. I Lived probably better that there was only five. No, I was, no, no one talks about me getting first in the high jump every year.


No one talks about that. What did we say? Yeah, I know. Yeah. Everyone talks about me getting last in one competition. No, I was in cross country. I, hey, I always got first in the high jump in my grade too. What were you gonna say? Well I was in cross country. I was too. And yeah, so, and I only got to go to one meet 'cause there was like thunderstorms on all of them. So at that one meet we had run a mile and a half and I remember my mom was videoing, it was like the last stretch of the race. And I look at her and she's like, go Harper. Go. And then Harper had that Disney channel moment and she looked at her mom, wait, how far run your mom? No, you do that too. Mile wait. Cross country's only a mile and a half. Well this Was like one of those, well like yeah when You no cross country, they run miles. They will run miles. But it's like when you're, when you're in seventh grade.


But yeah, so I, So in high school, how far do they run? I don like two miles from miles two. I look up at my mom, I think more and then she goes, she's, she's like, go Harper. Go. And there's a video and, and then and then there's like a bunch of people in the back and they all pass me. And then like I'm just like trying to all run. But then I look up at her and I'm like, one second. And then I can't sprint my way like, and then I start falling everywhere and then I, oh God, This video, I thought this story was gonna end good. Yeah. I thought you were about to like really pick up the base. And it so hype though when you got to the end of the race and like you see your, Yeah, no and Yeah you were like, I got to the end. I was ahead of the path. I looked at my mom and then I just lost. No, I was literally, I sprinted my way and then I had to slow down 'cause I couldn't, I got a really bad cra.


Oh I'm that kid too. If I ever entered, entered a race, I would just take off full speed. And then by like halfway around the track I was like, It's so bad. And the coaches always would tell us like, there's gonna be some idiots that take off sprinting at the beginning. So. And I was like, I'm cooking these Fool. I know, I know. That's literally what I did so bad. They're so slow. No, doesn't It just help you so much though Harper, when your mom's sitting there, she's like, come on Harper, come On. Harper's So Exciting. Like used to until until she's like, you got last but it's okay. I used to see my dad like at the end of the race and I was like, dad, it was so sweet. My mom, because running used to gimme such bad anxiety. 'cause I hated losing.


Like it was just like, it made me so angry. So my mom would run from one football side of the football field to the other side and she would just go back and forth my entire race and I would see her, I would run until I saw her at the corner and like, okay, I Can do this. And then I'd run to the other corner. I'm like, okay, I Can do this. That's the only thing that got me through the race. Yeah. I remember when for practice for track and cross country, I would always walk in the shadows 'cause I couldn't do it. So like I would run in the sunlight and there would be a shadow 'cause there was like a thing and I would like walk in the shadow and then keep going. Oh, you'd walk when no one could see you? No. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Shouldn't you do opposite like walking in the sun and then start cooking in the shade? She didn't want no one know she was taking a break when people couldn't see.


Oh that's crazy man. Guys and girls are so different. When I was locked in racing, I did not look anywhere for my mom or dad. I was just like, come on. Oh, I was always so excited to see my dad, dad when I was at the end of the race. Really? Yeah. I didn't wanna see him at all. Yeah. I was focused on the race. Especially if I was like losing. I'm not looking at anyone. Yeah. I'm like, I don't, I don't know. I am not even from this town. You know? I honestly feel like I wouldn't have been in the chess club. Oh. Or drama club. I would've probably been in the cross country unfortunately. Just 'cause I know the cross country meets are like mixed gender. So it's like what the, you hang out with the girls and the, and the boys and it's like, you know what the, you're So stupid.


I would've hung out where the girls are. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. He's so dedicated to that. He joined cheer. I did. He Was so desperate to be around females. He became a cheerleader. Well I was homeschooled. Okay. There wasn't a lot of girls. You had to join a cheer. He couldn't be around girls. So he had to join something where they had to show up at the same time. The first time I met Maverick, he Was like, we're on a team together. The first time I met Maverick, he was like, I feel like I could just pick you up and throw you over the stairs. We were downstairs and he was in this, this tank Top. Yeah. That was the first time you met me. Yeah. No, it was, it was, I promise. No It wasn't. Yes it was. That was first time I met her was at the podcast. The actual day of the podcast. The first episode. Oh really? Yeah. No, because I had never met you. No. 'cause she Had come over here to film before. Before we did the pod. She was filming Shortfall with us. March 19th. Yeah.


Yeah. She was. Yeah. And then You came in and you're like, I March 19th. Yes. And We didn't start filming the podcast till May. We met Harper in February. Yeah. I said that sounds I had met her. No. Yes you did. No, it was March 19th. You walked in and you're like, I feel like I could just throw you over the stairs. I used to do cheer. Oh. Oh. You like I used to do cheer and I was like, oh, I still think I could throw you over the stairs. No, definitely not. I think me and Cash together could, we could throw you really high. I think I Can definitely throw you to the hole in the wall or in the ceiling up there. Anybody can throw anybody to that hole in the wall. Throw Cash through the hole. Oh, I, I mean I'm, I would, But Did you guys ever have the Oklahoma land run with the wagons? No. Pretty sure that was just an Oklahoma thing. Yeah. Did you? Yeah.


Alex J. Head. We did, oh wait, what the what? Oklahoma Land run. It was kinda like field day. But you all get your wagons and you make like a wagon or whatever. I don't even know where the wagons came from. They were just there. Did you make your own or what was it? You had to bring it? Yeah, you bring a wagon. Just bring Your own Wagon. Yep. Being, wait, you guys ever have like school day ww huh? What? No. Do you guys ever have drive your tractor to school day? Nobody Has tractors On there. Not in The Dallas area. We, we didn't have Really? No, we had a day where you could drive like anything you wanted. There Was, there's small towns in Texas I know that do that. But not this area. Not, Yeah. Well anyways, the wagon race, it was, you know the Oklahoma land run? No, we don't. We're not from Oklahoma. No, but okay, well wait. No, no, no.


Backstory. Okay. Hold up. What? No. Are we ever gonna tell them the news guys? No. Ho Not yet. Hold on. The Oklahoma Land Run is a historical event that I know and you guys don't, okay, well I don't. So therefore I'm, let's see if, if you get the event right. I know what it was. Okay. What was it? Just when we raised our wacks cash. What's the capital of Texas? Listen. Exactly. You Don't know. I do. I do. I do. I do. What is it? I do? What is it I do? It's, it's, it's, Do you know It? It's Austin. Oh my God. Good job. Yeah. Tell Yeah. How about that?


What's the capital of Oklahoma City? Tulsa. Wait, whoa. I'm seeing, I'm hearing a lot of answers. I don know I'm gonna only choose one. What did you Say? Oklahoma City. Okay, what's your answer? Tulsa. It's Tulsa. What's your answer? Mine is Oklahoma City. I Don't know. It is Oklahoma City. Okay. I knew it Anyways. The Oklahoma land run is, there was so much land that we had because we took it off from the Indians I guess. I don't know. There's a lot of land. Not really. You wanna know what it really was? No, I'm explaining it. Okay. There was a lot of extra land. Yeah. And then the government was like, we're gonna give away the land. So everybody lined up and they all had a race and there was like four mile quadrants or something. And once you suck your flag in the quadrant, you gotta keep that land.


That's crazy. What? For free. Imagine if they had that Now we would've had land like way sooner. So everybody was just running through Oklahoma and when they would stick their flag in the quadrant, you get one quadrant and that was the land you got. That's crazy. How big was the quadrant? Like a, Is that how your dad, it Was like half Oklahoma or something? Huh? Is that how your dad secured his land? No. Like how I Said he ain't that old. How Big was a quadrant? Like, like this big. I wanna say it was be like a mile. You get like a mile by mile or something. It was like, it was something long. That's crazy. I thought It be like a square like this. That's why We're called Sooners. Okay. What does that mean? That's just why we were called Sooners. That's what the people were called that day. It bo sooner. Just look all of that up A boon or sooner. I think he just, I think he just looked up what sooner is, but unfortunately Boer No, but I know that's why we're called sooner.


Isn't that crazy guys? What Bo You guys got, we all got different state history. Like you guys got Oklahoma State history. We got Texas history Are, Here we go. Oh, is that about the Texas Alamo? Yeah. Remember the Alamo? Good job. Cash. I've went To Alamo before. Before. See? See how I know both of the state's histories? Well Oklahoma is just like Texas as you know, Texas. Wait, I don't feel like, what's the flowers sooner? Were cheaters. Who snuck in early to go out and get their land. Oh, that's why they're called Sooners. Because they're They're soon. Soon. They were very soon. Soon to get the os. Yeah, They were Sooners. I feel like Oklahoma land run though. That's like nationwide history. Not just like, no, like I don't think Ohio just has their own history. Yeah, They do.


No they do. The way, the way. I would've never, I didn't know what Oklahoma was. I don didn't know Oklahoma Was what I, I didn't, I was, I was like 15 years old when I discovered it. You know Oklahoma. Kate discovered Oklahoma. I just thought America consisted of Texas. What Pretty much. Are you kidding? No, Harper. I'm not serious. I knew that we had more states than just Texas. Okay. Little Kids are so cute when you're like, where are you from? They're like, I'm from America. You're like, okay. Yeah. They're like, Yeah. My favorite thing is when I ask a kid on tour, I'm like, where are you from? And they just look at me like, and I'm like, I'm like, okay, you don't gotta tell me. I know I'm a stranger but that's alright. They're like, know.


Yeah. Why are you trying to track me down? Like I'm like, oh, where you from little kid? They're like, mom said not talk to Stranger. Why are you asking me that? The kids, I'm not giving you my address. I'm like The kids, the meet and greet line are just so funny though. 'cause they all have such different personalities and sometimes they're like that and then sometimes they're like the girl that yelled at you. I love when they come up and yell at mad. Sometimes They yell. Wait, what? Wait. The girl that yelled at him, They come up and they yell at him immediately. They're like, hi, hi, hi. They yell Mav and they just like staring. There was one, one girl that was like, I brought y'all bracelets. And Mav was like, oh, let's go. And she's like, not you. Oh, I do remember that one. She was like, not you. I was like, yeah, she just brought the girls' bracelets. I think she even gave cash one. No, she even gave cash. One have, that's Not true. I think it's not true.


Oh, I can't wait to go on tour. She really had be So fun to grudge against Mav. That was so funny. So some of 'em though, they do not like talking about where they're from. They're just like, you can't find me. I have Express VPN. You can't track me down. Speaking of the tour though, you guys have probably heard us talking about this upcoming tour and podcast and stuff, so we're going on tour, we are this year. Sure. Are There is also something to go on with that that we, I've been procrastinating, but also this is why this episode was posted on Tuesday. Yeah. So pretty much what is happening is the, the, the podcast is going to be, we're still gonna be here for, we're gonna do the tour.


Through the tour. So we're still gonna be here. Why we do a tour, but, but We're not gonna, sorry. Keep going. Oh no, go ahead. We won't be posting episodes during the tour. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I meant. Yeah. So once we start the tour. Okay. Can you stop ringing your bottle there? Remember the Alamo? We, we are, we're gonna do, we're gonna do this tour this year, but we will not be posting podcast episodes during the tour. And then after the tour we will not be returning to the internet. So this will be the, the last show on the tour will be the last time we are all sitting together doing a podcast. That's crazy. It's kind of like the last two rah.


And you guys might be wondering why are they, I don't like the word quitting, but why are they stopping? No, like stopping the podcast. We know the podcast has hit a high and we've watched too many people try to ride that train up that is not, and as it comes down, they just keep hanging. Why it, and actually I would like for, and we're stopping why we're at a high, I would like for all of you actually to tell them your reason because I'm the only one who doesn't wanna stop the podcast. But everyone else here, I think even Alex wants the podcast to be over. So, yeah. Well everyone else has, you know, taken the podcast, invested their money, things like that. And cash has gambled all his way. So he would like us keep it going. Like keep going. Yes.


He would like a second chance. It's always about chances, man. No, I just genuinely enjoy the show. But I guess the rest of you can't say the same. No, we do it. Can't I? I enjoy it. I just also would like to have kids one day. But what does that have to do with the pod? I mean, there's holes in the ceiling and the wall. Yeah. Unfortunately. What does that have to do with the podcast though? It's not the safest place for a baby. Okay. But I've told you we can move the podcast to like a studio or something and you can have your kids and your little family over there. Okay. You acting like there's like, like you're the only one that wants to keep the podcast going is crazy. Yeah. I, you enlightened me. You were the one who started the enlightenment entire conversation of taking a hiatus or quitting the podcast.


Like, we won't If I wanted stay, but like, it's just like things get in the way. Yeah. You were like, man, I really wanna focus on the Cash and Kate channel. I really wanna do these things. And the podcast is always getting in the way. Okay. No, not to change your vernacular, but that's what you said. No vernacular. No, I said I vernacular would like to focus on the Cash and Maverick YouTube channel, but the podcast takes up a lot of our time. It doesn't mean I wanna quit the podcast Though. It's true. I mean, I, and, and I'm going to LA to do something. Arbor is going to LA for a while. So you've got tour coming And I've really wanted to like pursue something else. So The tour is gonna last literally nine months. It's gonna be a long tour. So yeah, we're not done, but we're not gonna film during tour.


So we're not filming after like this episode. Right? Or what? There might be like one, this one or maybe possibly one More. But we're filming a couple to get us to tour, I thought. Yeah. So Through tour. So that's why this episode's posted on Tuesday. Yeah. We'll see you guys next year. Yeah. No, what the No, And I'm starting my own clothing line. Oh my gosh. What? I wanna, because like I'm going, I talked to you about it. I'm going to LA and I'm trying to pursue my singing and so like, I just can't really do that right now with the podcast and stuff. 'cause this just takes up way too much time. And she needs Like a lot of practice. Yeah, I know. What, Okay, okay. Yeah. No, I'm not actually shutting a clothing line, but maybe I should. It's gonna be weird.


The sets ares gonna collect cobwebs, collect dust. That's So weird. No, it's gonna be turned into a normal upstairs again. No, we can't leave the set. This Is so dumb. No, unfortunately this wall is coming down. Yeah, The holes will be patched. We're getting our windows back, dude. Getting our house back. But listen, I can't say that I'm not a little excited for just the next chapter because there's go, we're still gonna bring you guys great content. It's just not gonna be in the form. And I'm probably not gonna of The LOL Podcast M not be in most of it. Yeah, you can, You can be in whatever You want. I know, but I'm gonna be in LA. Yeah, But like when you come back and visit. Yeah. But We're gonna hire a redheaded actor to replace Harper, which, you Know. No. Which will be fine. Not, You can never replace Harper. He's on Cat. Okay, fine.


Well she'll be brunette, but it'll be pretty much the same Or, Yeah. No, I, I am excited though. It's gonna be, it's Gonna be good. It is gonna be good. Yeah. There's gonna be changes. Don't cry. I'm going through. He's actually crying. Why are you crying? He wants the podcast to stay. Why are you crying? Because it's y'all. It's like, it's not sad, but it is. Well it is sad, but we're all kind of like laughing. We're getting old. Well, we also have like a good, a couple of months left throughout four. Yeah. And we're filming a few more episodes. Like it's not over yet.


Freak. I just like, I feel like it's just, to me it's like, oh, it will end eventually, but it still is just like, since we're going through tour and stuff, it's not ending right this second, you know? Yeah. But this is pretty much the last time we're recording on the, The actual set. Yeah. Well we're gonna, I thought we were filming more, but are we not? Okay. Well even if we film another episode. Okay. It's still like I'm going Through change changed. I don know. And like we've been doing this for so long. Like I'm already six. We've barely made it two years. And now, now that there's no more podcasts, now You can do Your whole music. But that's music, video, Fighting scenes all the time.


This is not what I want though. What do you want? I wanna keep doing the podcast, but you know what, I'm just gonna get other hosts. I'm gonna get, you Can't do this. I'm gonna get Joanna. Her Name's Diana di Diana, me and Diana. He's, He did Hawaiian and Diana together. Me and Diana. Diana doesn't speak your language my friend. We'll have a bilingual podcast. Oh yeah. Okay. It'll attract a larger audience. Okay, that's gonna be great. I'd love that. And then we'll have a translator also. Prob the translator will probably sit like in AV seat. Diana will probably sit like right here where Harper Rose and what is Rosetta Stone gonna sit over here and I'll get two other people to go take y'all's places.


And guys, that was A funny joke. No one, it's not gonna be the little podcast though without us. Yes. Will. I'll keep the name. What? Can't legally do that technically. 'cause I Can Well, I'll do it anyway. Aloha podcast. 'cause Okay. Yeah, no, I just like, I just, I just, I think it's funny because I'm Just embarrassed now. You're fake little crocodile ears over there acting like you really wanna keep the podcast going. Matt. No, go ahead. What were you gonna say? You're acting like you wanna keep it going when you don't. You just, as much as everybody else here knows that what we've done here was like amazing for the time that we did it, but it's time that we stopped doing this and we focus on bigger and better things.


I I never said that. Yes you did. No, I didn't cash. No I didn't. I never said to stop doing the pod. I said maybe we could go to like one episode a week or something like that. But I never said just stop doing it. That's preposterous for you to say that you I never said did I ever say that? No, I don't think he said that. You're just like, let's lower the video time. Let's Yeah. Just And all of you. No. And then all of you guys, you wanted to go to like one a month and then, then you were like, maybe we just like blah blah blah. And you were Yeah. I don't really know if we for that. No. And then you were saying Kenzie doesn't wanna do the podcast much longer in general because of kids. And then you said that you wanna focus on Ke Mav, which I agreed with, but I not say we should stop doing the pod. And then Harper said she wants to focus on acting in la Well I, I mean I have to go up there.


Yeah, no, I get that. But okay. I have to. Okay. Kes, you have a whole management team that you run for, for onscreen management and all this stuff and you're like man, I just don't have time to do any of the podcast stuff anymore. Okay, well I still would have time. Okay. Not need to. You Started the conversation of not everybody having time and you too. Yeah. Not time to shoot as much as we do, but I said we would still have time to shoot episodes once a month is not enough. It's like you might as well cut it. Even if No, even if it was once a month is just a slow death. It's like just stabbing our boat and letting it leak slow. No, even if it was once a month, it would still be way better than just not, I mean cancel. No it wouldn't. It'd be better just to cut it. What are you talking about?


It would be better be better just to cut it and go down as like one of the best podcasts that was ever created on the planet instead of, but we've Known it's not the best podcast. Created. I said one of the best. I said one of the best. Okay. We've been on the charts for a long time. We're still in like top 20. We are? Yeah. Oh good. That's Not for long. Nope, not for Long. Stop posting episodes. We Won't be, but we are gonna have a podcast death day coming up. Or we will bury what we're going to bury. Gerald Bury tv. Bury the tv. Wait, there's Actual, you guys like there's a death day on the calendar. We should do it then. Yes. You guys think I'm joking. I'm just being for real. I will continue it with Diana. This is like One of my last i'll house. I We like the last Show of tour Diana. When We're on our last stop on tour, that's when we should do like the podcast Death.


I'll get new hosts. Y'all think I'm trolling? We should. We should have a burial with all the fans. Yeah. You guys will want tickets tour Last year I think Because That'll be like, that'll be the podcast. Death station. Oh, the visual. We can bury Gerald. Yeah, maybe Gerald will have a seat. Okay. He doesn't talk. Gerald already has. He's Got a lot to say doesn't he? Okay, Thank you. As we bury him we'll press his button As he's going into the ground he's Like, no, maybe I'll get no Juan, no one will come on. Well I don't really know who I got to pull from here, but you guys comment me down below. Who should take over all their seats? 'cause we're gonna have a lot of empty spaces.


It's been fun though. It's Really tour. It's been fun though. Watch up. It's changed my life And tour will be really fun. No. Yeah. No I can't Wait in my 10 years change. Can you stop saying That the edits? No, like actually like, like guys like we would like the podcast like it wouldn't be a thing. Yeah. Without me. Yeah. And without me and without whatever. Y'all just watch and see without this couch. Honestly. Yeah, the couch would still be there. Hey, what About Kate And Kenzie? We're like huge contributors. No me Harper actually getting the couch. Put it to a museum. Yeah, the YouTube museum, the bar, the Pro museum. Y'all think y'all irreplaceable? You'll find out. Okay. And it'll become number one on the charts. My stomach just grow really loud. I heard it from over here And I might change it to cash and Friends Cash.


What is this? A PBS show. What is it you talking to? A bunch of heads on a stick Cash. I just have Gerald Cash and puppets. They're just, Gosh, you should start your own podcast called Cash in Fridge and like have it be for 10 minutes with all the puppets and like people like clicking their things. Kate and I will allow you to use our new set. Yeah, Well this is the last episode. Should we just keep it going or should we just, I mean we're at time so you might as well wanna kill it early, wouldn't you? Math? No, I'm just saying we can keep it going for two hours. I don't care. It's the last one for a while. Yeah. Well I thought I was under the impression we were gonna film more, but if we're not now I'm like slightly sadder. Me Too.


What are you talking about? Wait, We are filming more. I thought. No We're not. That's what they were saying. I mean we can go to one a month but it's gonna like one a month is just like, oh my gosh. Slowly bleeding out the podcast and it's just like gonna Be sad. It's like stabbing yourself but, and slowly dying. It's gonna be be a sad, I'd rather just cut it off and be like, listen, it was great. And this is, why do you act like one a month is not good? You know what lot, you know, a lot of podcasts, you know, we should start a channel that we delete in one year so everybody gets to be a part of it. Welcome to the yellow podcast, man. No, this has been like two years, but I'm saying as soon as the channel starts, it has a death day and so all the content created to that, if you watch it during that time, you are like part of a a group of people. Yeah. Of the Era That know it that it existed. Yeah, that would be cool.


And then it's just gone and then it ends up making so much money that we don't delete it. I think Mark Applier did that or somebody, some I've heard of that once before. Well, I don know if they actually deleted it. Let, let's go through the fun memories that we've had. At least like it. I mean like it's, What is this like a flashback episode on Disney Channel? It's like, alright, let's look back now. I always Do. This day would come, It just starts playing highlight With cash, with chocolate coming out of his mouth, Throwing up into a bag. Harper slamming her body onto the floor. Kate peeing her pants. But it's actually kind of crazy how many moments You can have in a corner. Kenzie joining the podcast, My favorite episode of me was shooting Cash to the Water.


Again, my Favorite episode of me, The live shows were fun too. And tour's gonna be a lot of fun. But then you literally say, it's so depressing Kate. Like what? And tour's gonna be a lot of fun. I mean, tour gonna be lot fun. It'll be a good time. Tour's gonna be a lot fun. It's fun Harper. You laugh at my jokes a lot. I appreciate that. She laughs at mine too, but there's no, not really not to be for real. Hey, No. Harper laughs with us. I laugh all the time. I laugh at everything unless it's like honestly really not funny or if it's really silent after I say a joke and, and then I just start awkwardly Laughing. Nothing's worse than if you say a joke and everyone's silent.


Yeah. That that's, I hear every joke that Harper says, if you take a risk, she'll say it. Kids Is the only one that laughs at my joke. I look over to her the first time I say a joke and Then she's like over there on the corner Laughing. So I'm like, thank you y'all just to talk too loud. Y'all can't even hear. Yeah, Exactly. I'm just hard of hearing. We are hard of hearing. I want my hearing joke. Listen, me and Mav have yelled at each other so much growing up that now we are hard of hearing. We were in Target the other day and I didn't know where y'all were and I was just about to call AV and I was like, I really don't need to, you know, I Can just hear them. I walk over one aisle and I was like, oh, I know where they are. And I walked right to you. I swear, swear I did the same Thing. Where were you on the other side, bro?


We do talk loud. Every once in a while I'll hear like you and like the other guys talking and I'll be like, are y'all yelling? And then I go over there and I'm like, Hey man, what the hell? I just join right in. It's very, and sometimes I catch our doing it. We're like walking like through a restaurant. I'm like, oh yeah man. And then I realize it's a quiet restaurant and we're like, No, Sorry everyone and everyone's just staring At us when the boys are in the kitchen together talking. And me and Kate could literally be this close. And I'm like, Hey Kate. And she's like, what? What? I'm like, and she's like, I How are you doing that to your mouth so fast? Is that kind of impressive? She was like, I'm like, do that again Kate and I have to leave the room to talk to each other because it Hear, wait, no talk with no words again.


It was, I it looked sped up like she was, she was a two x feet of her mouth. I Can you cat before this? No, it's not my Name. With caffeine. She looked like that little squirrel say think it's the head bobbing with it. It's slightly crank out. Alright guys, well thanks for Watching. Oh wait, are we At time? This episode is posted today because it's April Fools. We'll see you next time. Bye. Yep. Jokes on you baby. I did fake tears and everything. You guys we're not recording.


Oh, it's April Fool. April. It's April Fool. It's it's April Fool. That's funny though. That Godde we're not record, the board wasn't recording. That was funny. I like that.