
What was your scary story? We pretty much hired someone to give us a tour of this location, Goat Mans Bridge. And it is supposedly like a haunted bridge. It's like 10 o'clock at night and she has this little circle device that she setss down. She pulls out the antenna and then the lady is like, do you know where the key is? So we're sitting there for maybe 10 more seconds and her little antenna thing starts going off. So I hop in Kate's lap 'cause I'm freaked out. One time I came out here, there were like five or six dead hanging cats in the woods. And apparently some teenagers had come by and stolen these people's pet cats. They were performing rituals. The last time I went to Goldman's Ridge there was like people screaming as loud as they could and like fire.


And I wanted to join them. Hey guys, we're gonna be coming to Atlanta, Georgia on June 28th, Charlotte, North Carolina on June 29th and Washington DC July 12th, and so many Other cities. So make sure to Go get your tickets at The LOL Podcast dot net. Do y'all wanna see a magic trick that's better than Cassius? Yes. Wait, no, that's not a thing. Yeah, I wanna Say it. Nobody does better magic. That's why you Don't think it's weird that your wife calls me Daddy. That's a great intro. I wish I would've thought of that. Wait, that's a same you did. Oh. Oh wait, that we said that?


Yeah, Maverick said that. That was Maverick's saying, which is insane to get back. Wait, did we say, did that go in? Yes. You said that. Wow. On one of, I Can put that in on one of the podcast episodes. You are like, so wait, hold up. You don't think it's weird that your wife calls me Daddy? Oh yeah. You said, you said, okay, pretend we have a funny conversation going. It was like a pretend conversation and then it was like When Mar was fainting. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. So we're Like, we need a, we need a fake conversation. And Mav hits him with a, you don't think it's weird that your wife calls me? So to get Maverick back sometime in my life, I'm gonna need Kenzie to call me Daddy. No, I don think that's what Happened. I'll never be happy. I'll trick you into doing it. I would like to preface, I'll trick you.


Your wife has never called me daddy. I it. I know that. Just a conversation. I know that. See now you're being all weird. And then you're like, Why? She's called me daddy though. You're Like, why? No, she hasn't. No she doesn't. No, but I remember it was before I fainted and I stood up and Maverick was like, oh, you just don't laugh and faint. And, and he was like, you don't think it's weird that you're wife calls me daddy? I was said, said, it's so nonchalant. And I stood up and I stood up and I was like, and it Was no, what were you about to say about me being weird? No, you, you just like say weird things like that. I didn't say that he said that. No, you said it. No, when I said it, it was like a funny comedic little like bit.


And when I said, you're making it weird right now, I'm just a creepy man. Yeah, yeah. You Don't think it was weird? That les me daddy. Yeah. No, that's weird. That's so funny. But that's why, why Kenzie and I will sometimes be like, we can't say that. We can't say that and you guys get mad at us. And you're like, what do you mean we can't say that? What do you mean you guys need to stop saying we can't say things 'cause it's an oh will podcast and it's all about laughing out loud. Yeah. I believe in freedom of speech. You can say what you want. And as of last episode, Harper believes in freedom of touch, which was really weird. What do you mean freedom of touch? You Said that you said it last episode. We were, we were watching back because everyone, in case y'all don't know, I got cooked last or probably three or four episodes ago. Everyone is very mad at Maverick, which listen also, we have conversations off camera.


So then when we had it on camera, there was stuff left outta context, which is fine. Yeah. So when Maverick was talking about when Kate got touched at the rollerskating rink touched His crazy, Well I don dunno what you call that, but I call it touched. I was grabbed. Yeah, that sounds way better. Maverick was like, well, what clothes were you wearing? And all that stuff. And everybody, that's not even what most people, everybody's eating. You alive in the comments. Listen. No, that's not sacrifice. About the stake is what they're saying first. Listen, I'm not at all saying that, Kate. I'm in, put me in a group chat. Ma Maverick. Oh my gosh. I have a Huge topic. Sacrifice maths. Yeah. And you gotta pay 5, 9, 9 a month to be in it. Cass Is actually running the Group.


Yeah. I'm making so much money from it. Oh my God. It's a new entrepreneur business of mine. No, I I do not believe Kate And Kenzie were asking for it by any means. Do I think that if you go to a bad part of town and you start causing a lot of problems, then yeah. You're like asking to get shot in a, in a sense. Don't think you're confused because you said they're right. We're asking for it. No, I'm not saying you said they're asking for it, but I'm saying there is a point. Go ahead. Everybody comment now. Go ahead and comment. I know, I know. There's a point where it's like, oh, you're increasing your odd odds because you're wearing pajamas, you're Increasing Your odds. You're not necessarily responsible, but you are increasing your odds of something happening to you. Like, don't go to a dangerous area. And then dude, if something bad happens, be like, ah, well that shouldn't have happened to me.


It's interstate Dangerous. Yeah. It's a roller roller skating ring. No, their spot wouldn't like, could break a necessarily dangerous is a little dangerous. In case you guys didn't hear the episode context of the story, Kate And Kenzie went to a roller skating wink ran in pajamas. A guy wink, a guy touched Kate, and then everybody touched Kate. He like hugged her. Yeah. He like hugged her from behind outta nowhere. Kate got mad, turned around and slaps the guy, and it was just the girls and their friends there. Wow. And Maverick said, well, what clothes were y'all wearing? No, that is not what I said. That was not my first thing. I said, Yeah, first he says, you don't find it weird that your Wife Gabby? No, nobody asked. Nobody asked When Kate called what they were wearing, when Kate called and said what happened? Nobody was like, dude, what? Subscribing to the 5 99 a month.


Okay. Oh my gosh. No one Wait, let. Ridiculous Wait. What's, what's the worst hate comment y'all have ever got? IRL or on the internet? Both. IRL is like, this is crazy. You dja. This is crazy because this actually happened to me this weekend. Oh, It did? And Kate was like, should I save this story for a thumbnail or say it on the pod today? Say it on the, and I was, I don't know, Say it on the pod. So what do you I haven't heard the, I haven't heard the story. I, I would say it on Wait, in real life. What the, okay, let's do it. What The shma. Wait, so do we hear it or do we have her save it? It for a thumbnail? No, wait, No. We hear, we hear. I, I don know what we do. Do we have her save? Is it that good though, Kate? Is it, is it thumbnail worthy? It's about You. Oh, well, Whoa.


Kate's worst hate comment in real life is about Kenzie. Wait, somebody came up to you and said a hate comment about me. That's great. And it's not then it's not thumbnail worthy. Kate, I'm Kidding. You said you wouldn't repeat What I said. They were like, Kate, I feel so bad that you have to live with that kinzie. Kate Kinzie. Did you hear that guy? No, I, that was a joke. It's a joke. He said, what'd you say? He said, Kate, I told, I thought you said you wouldn't repeat it. Implying that I actually asked Way over her head. She's way too short to understand that joke. No, it Actually, it really wasn't That bad. Okay, let's, let's just hear it. Let's just hear it. Well, First off I went, oh, good job. First Off, sorry. I got tired of my gum. What was that for Me too? We got, I literally sit it right here on my bag.


Oh. To my collection. Okay. Oh, putting it back in your, I mean, the spitting is Crazy. Now y'all might think I'm down bad because they don't have my gum, but I still have Kate's gum. Ew. Oh, so oh gosh. I'm all right. Oh, and my Gum. That was disgusting. Oh, now I make, now I make two gums. That's Disgusting. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. Why? Why? So, well, We're gonna look, we're gonna choose to look past that. All right, let's go. Did you just stick it to the TV stand? Yeah, sure. I Can stick it to the TV stand. Okay. Well, Ew. Alright, let's hear about your hate comment in real life. I don't want, that's not even about You. What day was it? Where were you? What was the weather like? Oh yeah, for sure. So for sure this last weekend, my dad and I went to Oklahoma. So that's where the hate comment happened was in the city of Oklahoma City.


Of Course. Course that that's where they always happen. Man. Man. No. So we went to Dang Oklahoman. There's something about Oklahoma. Anyways, we went to Oklahoma City for the College World Series softball game, which I know like the average person, dang, No need to flakes on us. Yeah. Like no one, the average person doesn't really care about, but like, it's like huge for my dad and I and like my childhood best friend and like, you know, so we all went. 'cause we used to go when we were little and in the city of Oklahoma City there's a huge softball tournament. There's like multiple tournaments happening. So there's a bunch of softball teams between the ages of like 10 U and like 18 U. So the city is just flooded with softball players. Yeah. 10 u and 18 u years old. Like 10. Like the age group of 10. 10. Don't ask me why they don't say eight years old to 10 years old or whatever.


They just Said eight, 10 you 10 and under 12 and under 14 and under. Oh, What? I still don't understand. Yeah, no, That's just, that's just literally, that's just what they do in softball. I don't know. Don't, okay. Anyways. Alright. We understand. We go out to dinner and we were at a steakhouse. We were at Cattleman Steakhouse. Like we just to the the hate comment. Yeah. They do this every time. Details, every time You can tell a Story mean you hate on me in the middle of a steakhouse in Oklahoma City. Every time they tell a story, you've told us where it was located, why you went there, all the underused, the steakhouse you were eating at and you're making it take longer. Just tell us side. Wait, Wait, wait. Side Quest side story. Literally someone in the comments was like, I like when the girls tell stories because they give the details. The boys need to stop interrupting them. Yes. Please Stop. So stop.


Oh please. Can you also tell me about outfit that day? Well, I was wearing an oversized graph. Don't call me that. Look at Harper's. I'm very happy man. What? Yours and Harper's are like exactly the same. Is it OPI for anybody in bubble blah? No, I just, You guys are so distracted right now. One even knows what you're talking about. The comments. Love it. When you girls tell stories 'cause you guys stay on track. Okay, Sorry. Sorry, I'm back. I'm back on track. So we're at the steakhouse and we're just eating dinner and in the like party room right next to us, there's a whole softball team and it's a group of like 12 year olds. And they came up to me and they first said, can you mention, mention us on your podcast? So this is me mentioning you guys. What do you say when people say that, by the way? Ah, I lie. I say, yeah, I got you. Yeah, same. I'm like, I'm like, I what's your name?


You walked away and didn't even tell me your name, but I got you. Somebody on the sidewalk wanted me to mention them. So shout out Sidewalk girl. So yeah. But anyways, this softball team from California is what they told me came up and they were like 12 years old. So they were like, you know, peak people that watch our podcast mentioning on the podcast? Yeah. And they all come over to ask for a picture and they're all like, kind of screaming and talking and they're like, oh my gosh, like we watch your podcast, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I hear one comment that got my attention, what is it? My listening ears were turned on when I heard it. This girl just like casually throws out there. I loved it when he slapped Kenzie and then everyone just like brushed over it. And I was like, me and my friends looked at each other like, and we loved it when you slapped Kenzie.


I was like, did did that girl really just say she loved it when I slapped Kenzie and she said it to my face? And because she knew it was a joke. If you watch the episode, you know that like, that was like a prank we were playing. No, most people dunno. It was a prank. Yeah, because the shorts went way more viral than the episode. Yeah. Oh, for Usual. Well I was like, that's not something somebody usually says to me in person. Because usually when someone says something in person, it's like, oh, I like you, I watch your podcast. Yeah. Like, I love you, but like, I like it when you slap kinzie. That's something you literally type out and you put in the comment section. Did you Say anything? I was hoping for a better comment too. Oh yeah. Well no, she's not done right. What else was said? Right. So then, oh, is there more common?


Then I'm, that's what we're hoping for. We'll see. Stay tuned. Then She walked away and did not take care of my name. Kate. I Can come on. No, I actually, there was just so much going on. They were all screaming. It was like, it Has to be worse than That. One of 'em actually did ask me for a picture and I like barely heard it. And then like everyone talked over Her. No, not picture, picture. Kate we're Asking about The hate that was No, it has to worse than that. That Was the hate comment. That was, that Was, so tell me, you've glazed your whole life without telling me. Wait, was that actually, that's the worst thing someone said to you? No, not to me. Hold on. Well, before the podcast Kate said something about, Hey, this girl told me a hate comment about Kenzie, but I don't know if I should say on the pot. I was like, say she wanted to make it a thumbnail, bro.


No, that's not that Kenzie. Somebody said she No, that it was worse than that. You, you spent so long telling this story. Yo, that was, I mean, I was invested. I knew the restaurant, I knew everything just for that I slapped Kinzie. Okay. Just revok my, my mic, my my privileges are revoked for the rest of the episode. Can we turn her off? What's your worst hate comment or Like in, in person? I'm sorry. Oh, I'm not offended at all. Yeah, Kate, she's not except For the fact that you did not defend my honor. But that's what Up. I know cash. I, I know Cash's worst hate comment. We were at the other of the day, we were at this chilies and there was probably, I don't know, 15 girls there. Oh my gosh. Right. Well, time out before he says this story.


That's crazy. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Time out before he says this story, story. Don't get to interrupt that. No, I do. I just did. No, I just did. You didn't unplug him. Someone please don't unplug me. Listen. No, we're we're at this chilies and we're outside. And these girls Wait, preface it with I was on the phone with you at first. Yeah. Okay, go ahead. Nav. I don't really remember all the details. I forget them. Oh my goodness. But I remember he's gonna make Lee out a crucial spot. Okay. All I remember is we're there and the girls said something about me being hotter than cash. He doesn't even remember. And we both look at each other story. I shoulda have told the story. Lemme tell the story. This girl's telling you's, sorry, I won't tell you more stories. She's like 14, 13 or whatever.


And she's like, oh my gosh, you're just so attractive talking to me. And then she looks at Matt and she's like, but he's more attractive though. And then, oh, and then that's the other, like three standing there was like, oh, well I think you're more attractive. But he always leaves out that part. No, no. There was like 12 of them that said me. And then one of them said, because was bad 12 girls there, there wasn't even 12 girls. But Let's hear from the person who knows Kenzie. Yeah. I wasn't even there. And I Can tell the story better. She Was phoned in. I We taking her side. No, Because she, she's, she's the only person who remembers. So Maverick is on the phone with me, cash is on the phone with Kate and these little girls come up. I wasn't on the phone with you Making our quilts and they were in Chili's or whatever Restaurant. Oh, it was those, it was that group of fans, Cita. Oh, okay. I, I'm, I'm, so we're on the phone with them while they're at dinner in Oklahoma again in Oklahoma.


And these little girls come up and they're like screaming and cash. I were like, okay, we gotta get off the phone. We'll talk to y'all later. And we're like, okay, bye. And while we hang up, the little girls are like, where's your wives? And they were like, oh, they're at home. And then they proceeded to tell them how hot they thought they were. That's The only spot kids you remember. Well, it's very odd. First of all, you were like, wear your wives before I tell you how hot you are. And then second of all, why are a 14-year-old girl telling 25 and 22-year-old men how hot they are? That Don't, I would've done that when I was 14. Whatever. I would've told Jake Paul that he was really very attractive. Jake Paul. I thought Jake Paul was so cute. No, I think Logan's cute Watch.


Yeah. Watch out for Jake Ball. I would've said that, you know, someone did call my dad a badie this weekend. Ooh. Hey. Which is crazy. Like, wait, what age were they? Oh, she was a throw Up a picture. Scott, right now about 12. Yeah. I'm gonna text you 12. Picture. What the, I'm gonna text you the picture of me and my dad from the day She was like, we were at the softball game and she was like, oh my gosh, is cash here? Or are you the only one here? And I was like, no, it's just me and my dad. And she goes, he's a badie. He's fine. And then Well Scott, yo, what the, we kind of brushed over this, but Kenzie has a magic trick. Oh yeah. I never said my hate comment. Oh. What's your hate comment? Oh yeah. What's your worst? I'll never. Why don you tell it.


I'm gonna go get my cards. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Okay. I'll never forget this one. Hate comment. It was the worst hate comment I've ever got. It. It was, I looked through my dms one day and it said it, it said, it said, did It say you always fidget with your microphone? It said, I, I I I wanna see you rot and I'm gonna gut you like a fish. Oh, That sounds like a rap song. Yo. It's like, I wanna see you rot. So like what? Get you like a fish? No, no one else like It. I swear that was so bad. I Can see it because I, I remember I was in Colorado scrolling through it and I saw that And I was like, sounds young baby. Because it like scared me. 'cause like what do you mean You, it's that really the worst hate Comment. You got me like a fish. Well, yeah. What, What, what is your standard of a bad hate comment? I don't know. Something that really hurts your feelings. I don't feel like that would hurt your, It was just like a death threat.


I was just Like the Okay, if we're talking hate comments, that hurt my feelings after the age of like 16. Like there weren't really any hate comments. Well, I remember pages. Somebody I remember hate pages for you. Kate. What do you mean comments? Yeah. Yeah. People had whole hate pages for Kate. Yeah. They would, they would Photoshop or make her fat. Yeah. They like would turn me into like a fat rat. And they were like, this is who Cass's dating now. I was like, they, They make her face look like a rat. I was Like, that's not who Cass ISS dating. Cass's dating me. I've never seen that girl in my life. One time someone, someone told me my lips, my lip looks like they could stand on it. It does. Yeah. That one, that one hit a little extra deep that day. Are you prepared to be amazed? Is everyone prepared to be amazed?


Yes. I am prepared. Hey Kate, will you please hold out your hand? Sure. Oh my God. She's an amateur musician. Why are we letting her do the tricks? What do You mean? You've never successfully done a trick on this podcast. Cash. I have cash. I'll allow you to be a part of this magic trick. Okay. I'll tell you how it's done later. Tell me When to stop. Stop. No, it's me saying it. Okay. I mean how far are We gonna go? Well there's 52 cards in the deck, so I guess we might go to 52. Okay. She wasn't planning for this. They're getting outta order. Okay.


I mean this is taking forever. Okay, stop. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. This is your card. I'll show it to everybody. Show it to the camera. Wait, I forgot. Oh yeah, that's what it's okay. Thank Wait. Really show it to the camera. Okay. Yep, we got it. Thank you. Yep. Thank you. Also talking to your microphone. Set That down for Kate. Okay. Would you Like to shuffle? What? You gotta talking to your microphone. What? Would you like to shuffle It at all? Yes. I would like to shuffle the cards. Okay, Go ahead. Shuffle. Shuffle it Up. Okay. Thank you. Oh, He thinks he's so slick with it. Ooh. Yeah, he really shuffled him cards.


Is he not even shuffling? Sh You're not sh shuffling them? No, he's shuffling em. Oh, they're getting shuffled. All right. I Can tell by, I Can tell by the noise. It's not being shuffled. He's bridging and cross bridging. Oh yeah. They've been crossed bridging for a while now let tell you that. Do you know how to shuffle? Yeah, I do. Okay. I played a lot of poker. Poker. All right, here you go. Are there still 52 cards in this deck? You didn't take any out? Maybe a real magician would know. I don't think a real magician would know. Okay. Yes. Alright, I'm gonna count these up. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. Do you really need to counter?


You're fine. 1922, can you count loud? At least 23, 24, 25. Thank you. How many cards are in a today? 52. 52. 52. But we really don't need to Count. So half is like 26. He didn't take any out. I'll save you the Okay, Kate, put both your hands out please. It's taking a while. Long magic Trick. Pick her right or left hand. Left right. Yeah. I think I was the one that was asked. We'll do, well Harper said both so I guess right, Right hand. Okay. Right is always right. Right Is always right. Okay. Oh, Kate, will, will you put out your book, your hands again? What's that? Okay. She looked me in the eyes and said Right is always right.


Okay. Oh my goodness. We're falling apart. Okay, this up please. I'm trying. Okay. Right or left? Left. Okay. Get rid of that one. Alright, I've got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 cards here. Put this and I'm betting that your card is in this deck. Okay. So I'm just gonna look through it here. Can you give me, if I ask you two questions, can you tell me truthfully the answer about your card? Some say, I'm honest. Can you stop doing that? Is your card black or red?


Red. Okay. I'm gonna go ahead and take all the black cards out. Segregating the cards. I mean, that's crazy, but, okay, we'll go along with it. Just tell us what a card is. I don't think I actually need to ask two questions 'cause I have two sevens here. So I'm thinking it's gonna be one of those. My chances are higher that way. I'm gonna go with this one. The camera can't see. Did I get it right? It's like entertaining a 5-year-old. I know how the, I know how the trick done. We know where you Were like honing the card and Making sure nobody Could see the Bottom we saw from the beginning. No.


Really? I had no clue Actually. Yeah, Kate was impressed with me. No, like I Can, I was like, lowkey kinda shocked when she, when she narrowed it down to the two sevens, like do you, or when I had both stacks and the Card Was, Kate still doesn't know how it was done. Guys Don't tell her Don't tell. I thought You were being so lucky or like, so you thought you were being so slick because the, the deck was in this hand, the correct, the seven was in this hand and he told her to get rid of Yeah. And then she kept that. No, she kept this hand and then I told her the other one. 'cause I purposely saw it go the right one. And then she just garbage that one. I was like, I know you got nervous. Okay. Well I I'm still a better magician than cats. No, Gimme the deck.


I'll show you real quick one. No, it's real quick. It's quick. It's quick. I Promise I don't take years like Kenzie. It'll take 10 seconds. Gimme deck. No, she already threw it. Okay, well I'll go finish. Dude, Last night my friend asked if I had herpes on my arm. What? What that Because I pick at it so much. Yeah, Say that. Okay. Okay. So here's a deck of cards. Yes. Kenzie, have you ever played 52 card? You have a microphone. This is taking longer than 10 seconds. Kenzie, Have you ever played 52 card pickup? Yes. And I never wanna play again. Okay.


You have no more tricks. No, that's, That's I say I have a trick. I suck. Lemme see this real quick. No, you don't have a trick. Let me see. Okay. I got, I got, I learned this one one time and it took me years to Are you gonna shuffle? Is that your trick? Wow. Oh, what the, whoa, What was that? Okay. No, they're new cards To be fair. So they're kind of hard to shop. Wait, gimme one card. Don't show me what it is. I have a trick. It don't even matter. What, What? Well, okay. Okay. Don't even matter. They mad at tricks. I guess I wanna come back to where we started this podcast. Yeah. With the dude, we can't go back in time.


Oh, well we're going back the Kate comments, you know, Coming at me. I'm going back to five. The, so I'm, I would like to excuse myself from this conversation 'cause the last time I tried to participate, you guys all got mad at me. What Do you mean? Like 15 minutes ago when I was like, I had a crazy hate comment and you guys were all like, huh. Okay. Once I told the story, I know you've had worse hate comments than that. Yeah, We've read them. Okay. That wasn't what I was really getting at. I was getting rid my hate comments. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh, Matt, what's the worst ca comment you've had? Oh, well they all happened recently when everyone said, what did They Say? They said, I was downplaying what happened to you. But I felt like I was on your side and then you, no way.


We're going back to this Mav. Yeah, you're, we are. Because that podcast was crazy. You'll Be fine. Kate was like, oh no cash. It's not necessary for you to go down there. Like, it's not that deep. It doesn't matter. And then I go, yeah. I mean it wasn't that deep. I mean really it was just like an unconsensual hug. It wasn't that bad. And she goes, I would like to, wasn't that bad. I would like to defend. And I was like, was that bad? Or it wasn't? You either wanted him to go down there and beat him up or you didn't Yeah. See that I would like to defend what happened. Not what happened, but like my actions with telling cash. He shouldn't come because obviously I would've liked for him to come and talk to the guy. But I was genuinely scared for his wellbeing because we were in a weird part of town and that's how people get shot and that's how people get stabbed.


And it was not a good part of town. Dude, I ain't getting stabbed. I'm not going out like a bad part of town. Well, I Didn't really, no way. I'd go out with a stab. We pulled Up there and we were like, this is great. And then after, after the guy grabbed me and we looked around, we were like, maybe we shouldn't be here. And we left. And then when I called cash, I was like, yeah, I didn't like what happened, but I would rather you just not come. The smartest thing would be for us to all just get outta here and not come back. Yeah. So We said don't talk. I just don't see me being like, oh, I got stabbed. I've never seen you like that. Yeah. Like I will ow I'm stabbed. That's just not Happening. Before, before you say anything else, I, why I want, I want self tan tonight. 'cause I'm going to LA tomorrow, mom. I'm gonna go to LA tomorrow for my music video.


And I, I'm self tanning because Wait, yeah. Were you speaking in an accent? No, No. She talks like that when she gets nervous. Okay. Wait, I didn't realize you were going to LA tomorrow. Yeah, we're going there at like six o'clock at night. Oh. And then leaving at 1:00 AM What do you mean? Like, you're literally going there, there for a few hours. What? Hey, I've been there. I've been on the fly somewhere. Comeback same day. It's not fun. No, we did that too. It was not fun. But you got it. Nah, it's lowkey kind of better. I hate staying over the night in the city. Wait, what you going I staying in the night in cities To film my music video. Oh Yeah. Harper's got a new music video coming out. No big deal. What do you mean no big deal? It's like no big, it's a Big deal actually.


It's A, it's a huge deal. It's a, it's a metaphor. Make it a big deal, Please. Oh, Harper's got a music video coming out. Big deal. Does that sound better? Wait, so you're Landing at like, that sounds like I'm being sarcastic now. Big deal. Harper being Nons Sarcastic. You're landing at like 6:00 PM and you're filming when you get there. And then at 1:00 AM you're flying back. Her mom literally saying no. Are we sleeping over There? Yeah. You having a sleepover in LA tomorrow and I We're filming all day Wednesday and then we fly out Wednesday night because we have to be back here Thursday Before B. Okay, so no, you we're Leaving Wednesday night at 1:00 AM at 1:00 AM So you have just a 1:00 AM flight. Yes. So Harper's going to LA on a, a plane.


That makes sense. And she'll come back the next No big deal. No big deal. Yeah. No, but yeah, no, I'm for sure. Mama, can you get the door? What the, what is There? Should I get the door? Yeah. You, you can probably get the door. I don Make sure. Wait, wait. Get Stabbed. There's someone at our front door And I don't, I don't recognize this kid. I don do we know him? No. Is he here for a hard drive? He's Selling Stuff. If he's selling stuff, ask him to come give his pitch on the pod. Oh Wait, he just put his card in the door. He is selling stuff. Yep. Yep. Oh, Nevermind. Should I ask him to come get his pitch on the pod? No, it's not on why we should buy what he is selling. I don't want solar panels. Yeah, that was nice of him to try though. Sorry buddy. No, but yeah, no, I, I'm gonna self tan because my face is a totally different color.


Mom, please stop giving me that look. Holy. I literally, my face is a different color than my skin and I'm as pale as a ghost, so No. Yeah, I'm gonna self tan Harper. Let's see who's paler. I'm so, so pale. Paler. We'll put cash in the mix. Harper is paler. Unfortunately pale is beautiful. No it's not. We're Like the same color you guys are Low key. Like The same? No, I'm too pale. Well, I'm self tan too. So then will we be the same? Really? Okay, good. Hey, can you sing me the, the like course of your song or a line? No. Yes You can. What? Just like a little Only at the live podcast shows. Wow. Is it ai? Did you not really sing it? Ooh, No. Ooh. Good question. Do you not remember it?


No. Then Let you hear it. What's the problem, dog? Can you Sing it? Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm not really the artist. I Can sing it. Sing it. I don't remember how it goes. Yeah, I do. Just gimme a second. I think I know I've heard it like twice. No sneak peek. Actually I'm Wondering how to move. Are those Oh, that's close. Yeah. Wait, something. Wait. Whatcha doing of something? Be quiet. Quiet. Oh, what were you doing? Oh Wait, I, I didn't, I I I actually wrote it by myself. Yeah, actually I probably sang it better. So wait, right.


Sorry. It might be a let down. Now when you, Were you nervous you were saying like this? I was trying to, that's I have to, when I get higher, I have to, Oh, that's almost as scary as, as what I saw the other night. Let's not Cash does too. You should see Ka me and cash both on the mic. We like have to be Like, What do y all are Trying to s Well we No, I'm serious. When we sing, like cash gets his full. Just what? The pants not a dog stretching in the morning. Noy were talking about The other day. Yes. Huh? Oh, I said that was almost, I was think about the exact same thing when he was talking about stabbing. That's literally about like almost as scary as what happened to us the other night, which I don't even know if y'all, y'all heard You saw they really twisted this to make it about themselves. We're talking about Harper's song right now. No, this is crazy. I, okay.


This is a big deal over here. It's a big deal. Well, Well, okay. Before we tell you guys about like literally the second scariest thing we ever saw in our life, because that now takes first place. Did he unknown what? Maverick's singing. That's crazy bro. No. Okay. Harper also, wait, wait. Do you gotta plug your song? When does your song come out? Do you know? Yeah. No Idea. Well, Harper Song comes out when we have no idea what Wait. No. Also Matt, before the podcast he said, dude, Harper, I wish we were good singers. And I looked at him and I was like, Yeah, because like if we were good singers then like we could like, wait, wait, wait. We as you I, We Harper. No, I was like, man, I little offended. Also, it would be great if me and Harper were both good singers and we could sing like a what do you need? Like a cover on of a song.


I mean he's, he's really just looping you into him. I was like, shame that you can't sing. I'm so what do you mean? He said he you, he wishes you were as good as singer as him. Yeah. He said that he's bad too. So I don't understand. He said harbor bro. I just wish we were good at singing so we could do a cover. It would blow up, bro. And then I was, and then I looked, yeah, Map what cover are you doing? And then I looked at him, he probably rip tied and then I looked at him As long as I Can play the u The you just call it ukulele. Yeah. That Me and Kay will play the piano together. The same piano, same. I'll do the chords. You do the other things that you have to do on Faux pedals.


Yeah. I Can can't reach. Am I getting in charge of just the foot pedals on our duo piano? I'm literally gonna be so mad. Dude, that's, I'm not kidding. That would be more honor than what I had in my band when a guy was growing up. I don't know if we've ever told that on here. We have. But like multiple times recently. Well whatever they, I, it is traumatized me so I will say it again. I was in a band, a youth band for a youth group growing up. And there was a pist, a guitarist, a bassist, a singer, a background singer. And You were the triangle And and a drummer. And you know what I was, what I was, I was the Hons the box. The box drummer. Yeah. And the Kaons is about as useless and stupid as it sounds as the Kaons.


Okay. All the Kaons play players listening. Like you're valued. No. Like it as musician. Yeah. You're valued in like a, an acoustic guitar and a cajon set up like around a campfire. Yeah. But we were in a venue, big one, huge venue with a drum set that was plugged into the speakers. And Mic Caho was not plugged into the speakers. Which meaning? Yeah, because Boxes don't plug into speakers. No, they do actually. Okay. But this one did not. Okay. Because they didn't wanna mic me up. It was about the same as giving me a microphone to sing without plugging it in. It's like when your little cousin wants to play Xbox with you and you give him the dead controller, you're like, here you play. And he is like, I'm so good that that's what I got. And then I was like, maybe one day I Can, I Can drum one of the songs. And they were like, nah, probably not.


Yeah. So what was your scary story The other day? The Tall Ghost and realized it was just No. What? What is that play Called? I'd say this is why people hate you. Well that was funny. What do you mean? That was funny? They Hate because people, It's just because because she was pale. You get it, she called herself A ghost. But you just, that was so out of pocket. Like I thought I was you. You have to, you have to think before you speak. Nah, that's what makes fun comedy. You Don't of maverick's jokes. He like, just think of him like a dad. He has dad jokes and they're not funny. Please get offended. He doesn't mean to hurt dude. People, people say about it. Think twice before you speak. I don't even think once. Yeah. Who thinks? Yeah, Just Speak like, alright so tell us ridiculous.


What was that place we were at called Kate? Oh well Cash Maverick sent us on a little goose chase for a YouTube video. And Kenzie and I, it was Team KK and oh we were on a team. HKK. Yeah, I remember that. Oh No, no. We have a Whole nother story about Lainey telling us about her baby that we'll tell you later. But it Did that have to do with this? It just, it relates but anyways, Continue. Yeah. Anyways, so we were sent to this location. We were looking for a hidden key because we had to win the challenge and get to thousand dollars Ly. Was There actually a hitting here? Was that just a cap? No, there's a key there.


There was a key. We had to go find it. Did you find it? Yes. I, We have to watch, watch the video and find out if we found the key. No. So it's a video that's going on on Cash and Maverick's YouTube channel. We were looking for a hit. Wait, You gotta give em the context. We were exploring creepy Google locations and the girls had three locations and me and Maverick have three Google locations. Yeah. And at each location there is a key we gotta find. And it's first team to find all three keys. Yeah. So the locations the girls went to is what they're Talking about. Yeah. So one of our, we went to three different locations. We went to a castle, which was so, so fun. I tell them all of 'em. Was it? No. Yeah, don't tell. Don't say all of 'em. But you went to four and we went to four. No, We went to three. No, you went to four. Technically we went to four. 'cause the final one we, but either way it doesn't matter. Say the story.


Oh Yeah. Anyways, so one of our locations was this bridge called Goat Mans Bridge. And it is supposedly like a haunted bridge. So we've been told word on the street and the backstory to it is like a super crazy, like a man like many years ago whose his head chopped off. What? Yeah. It's Just a lot. Good place. No, we got, we had a lady give us basically like a tour and like, help us find this key. Yeah. And she told us the real story 'cause there's lots of rumors that go around, but Yeah. Yeah. Like rumors go around my school. That's How like no idea. But this lady has like written a book on it. Yeah. And she's a professional ghost hunter or Whatever. Yeah. So we, we pretty much hired someone to give us a tour of this location to help us like find our key And she is like, what do, what do they even call them?


Paranormal. Like paranormal Activities. Paranormal activities. Activities, Yeah. Activist. So she's one of those people Paranormal investigators Or something. Yeah. She likes to go and like try to talk to whatever's lingering there. I like that better investigators. So anyways, we go to this location and she pulls out her devices that she uses to communicate with like spirits that may be there. And listen, I don't know what it is. I don't know if it's a go. I don't know, you know. But you know, Getting now no one knows. You're not saying anything. Okay. She has this. Yeah. Wait, hold on. So were you trying to I got, I got, I got you. I You said it pulls out devices, you know, jokes Got, this is where the details come in that you hate tries to be imminent. It was like one of those rap songs you can't understand. So we're sitting there, it's like 10 o'clock at night or I don't know what time it was.


I can't remember it's, but it was pitch black. Okay. And she has this little circle device that she sets down. She pulls out the antenna, it's about yay tall. And then she also has a little flashlight. She sets down and she's like, usually when the spirits talk to me they like mess with the flashlight and turn it on and off. And she said it's highly unlikely that her little radio system thing goes off. She's like, that's only when they're like really close and they're very intentional about talking to you. So we're sitting there for like, Hmm. Five minutes maybe and nothing has happened. We're like, okay, maybe she crazy. And then all of a sudden we're like talking about the key and the flashlight starts going off and we're like, I We heck, which I have the raw footage.


You can watch it. It's crazy. It is crazy. Okay. So It's on the computer downstairs Pap, our producer goes and hides these keys. Right? So we're sitting there talking to the lady about where the key might be. 'cause none of us know where the key is and ghost or something. I don't know. The flashlight is going off when we start talking about the key and then the lady is like, do you know where the key is? And the flashlight turns off and we're like, okay, maybe it's just coincidence. So we're sitting there for maybe 10 more seconds and her little antenna thing starts going off and now she is like, that never happens. The flashlight goes off often, but the antenna never goes off. And we were like, oh gosh, I don't do scary stuff at all.


So I hop in Kate's lap 'cause I'm freaked out. Kate is literally holding me like a baby. Yeah. And we start like talking to this thing I guess. And I'm like, is it on that side of the bridge? And the flashlight doesn't move at all. And so I'm like, is it on that side of the bridge? And then the flashlight starts going crazy. Yeah. And we were like, what the heck? Yeah. And the key ended up being On the side of the bridge On that side of the bridge that The flashlight told us. And it was, it was so no, because you're, it's one of those locations that first of all is like not a great place to be hanging out. Like no, you should never go there to be fair. Like, we should not have been there. But we were, 'cause we had to find the secret hidden key, you know? So it was, it was super scary already. And just like, like there have been a lot of people who have like died at this location and like, it's just, it was weird.


Like I didn't wanna go, but I had to find the key. So we went and it was so scary and eerie and like skin crawly and you know, you know how you know that the location isn't safe is Kenzie and I are sitting on the bridge waiting for the spirits to come speak to us through a flashlight and then sounds Pretty safe. No, I, it sounds safe to me. I'm so upset. I'm so upset at this actually. So I, I'm not recovered from this. I'm so embarrassed. So we're sitting on the bridge and as we're filming we have this huge flashlight like in our face. So Kenzie and I can't see anything except for this light. Everything is like black. And I see out like my peripheral, like somebody walk up and just sit on the other side of the bridge and I Can barely make him out 'cause this light is in my face.


And he just sits down and he doesn't say anything. He's just sitting on the other side of the bridge not saying anything. And everyone saw him like walk up. And I was waiting for him to like ask us a question, introduce himself. And I keep looking at him and I see he's wearing this like uniform and I'm like, it's a ghost hunter. Like I thought he was like, Yeah. Because naturally that's what I would think of anyone. Ghostbusters is there to say anyone in a uniform is just ghost. Our cameraman with this like huge bright light is shining directly at Kate. 'cause it's me, Kate, and then our tour guide Becky. And so the light is like directly, I know our light is directly in Kate's face. Yeah. And it's like halfway in my face so I Can kind of see the guy better.


So I know who this guy is. Yeah. Anyways, He's continue Kate. So he sits, he's sitting there and I'm like, I mean this ghost hunter. Wait, Wait, who is he? Oh, I'm getting there. This ghost hunter is like just lurking across the bridge. And I was freaked out. I was like, why is this man just like sitting so close to us and not saying anything? And like it's 10 o'clock at night. This like, bridge is like haunted. It's scary, it's weird. And this guy just isn't saying anything and are nobody that was with us was saying anything. And I was like, are we okay? We're just gonna pretend he's not there. Kate Was freaking out. It was So I was panicked. I was like, why is a ghost hunter lurking? She's Like sitting there talking, but she's like looking over at him. I'm like, Kate, look at the camera. And she's like, and I'm like, Kate the camera? Yeah. And she's like, I haven't seen this part of the video yet.


So Finally I take matters into my own hands. I grab my flashlight and I shine it at our ghost hunter friend. And I said hello. And this man says, don't mind me. I was like, I will mind you, you're sitting awfully close to me, sir Kate Basically starts harassing this man. I was like, don't mind. I was like, he was sitting There. Who said that before? That was me. Oh no. That was the do no, it was me. When I, We have that little video from when I was like nine years old and I'm following my sister around the house and she's like, what are you doing? And I'm like, don't mind me, don't mind me. And then she slams the door in my face and I'm just outside her door, like, don't mind me. Yeah. So I was like, don't mind me. I was like, this man isn't just gonna lurk and act like I don't see him.


So I start talking to the guy and no one else is saying anything to him. I was carrying the conversation on my back and I was like, okay, well if this ghost hunter's gonna be lurking, he might as well help us. I shine the flashlight at him and I'm like, do you know where the secret hidden key is? He is like, he is like secret hidden key. And I was like, yeah. He was like, no. And I was like, okay then you're of no use right now. Absolutely zero help. Like what are you even doing here? And finally he goes, what are y'all filming? And I'm like, can you see we're, we're busy. We're looking for the secret hidden key. We're trying to talk to the ghost. Like what we're filming. You know, you said that. Oh no. I was like, oh, you know, and I look back at the thing 'cause I'm like Trying to like not giving him direct answers and then directly lying to him.


He'll ask a direct question and she just like makes up this whole lie. Yeah. And we're like, Kate, why Are you lying to him? She was, why are y'all talking to him? So I was like, well, you know. And he was like, no, I don't know, what are you filming? And I was like, you know, and he was like, I don't know, what are you filming? And I was like, oh, we're filming a YouTube video, dude. Like go on. And he was like, what's your YouTube channel? And I was like, Ugh, this guy clearly wants to be a part of whatever we're doing. I was like, you know Sam and Kolby, you know the Ghost Hunters? And he was like, he was like, can't say I do. And I was like, what kind of ghost hunter are you? If you don't even know who Sam and Colby are? Like, I only embarrassing for you. And he was like, can't say I've heard of them. And I was like, oh, we're much bigger than they are. 'cause you know, we we're not, that was like, the joke is like Sam and Colby have like 30 million and we have like four.


So it's like not comparable. But anyways, Thanks for clarifying the joke. I was, yeah, I was confused for a second because I was like, wait, aren't are Sam and Kobe? And then I was like, wait, am I Sam, are you Kobe? I didn't understand. Yeah. But now I get it. Yeah. That's like, okay. Yeah. I was confused with my identity for a second, but now I understand the joke since you described it. Right, right, right. Do you understand? I I kind of understand. We get, we get it now. Okay. Okay. Tell the people who he was. So finally, I was like, the guy just was sitting there and I was like, was It John Quinonez? No. Was it King Jutton? No. What? It was someone crazy. I went to hear, I shined my flashlight at him again and I'm like, what you doing out here?


He goes, it's Tom Cruise. He goes, so love actually cruise. Actually officer so-and-so with the department brought police. You're like, oh, street. I was like, no, Sean, I've been trolling a cop for the last 10 minutes. Dude. Like, handcuff me now. Take me away. Like, get your hands behind your back Sam. He's like, we've been looking for you Kobe. I Was like, officer, take that away. That now like, I was so disrespectful to you. I'm so sorry. And after he says he is an officer, I see his uniform and I see his body camera and I see his Glock on his hip and I see the, he has All on camera. Oh my God. Yes. He has all, we have it all on camera too. But I was like, he Probably went back that night and like showed all his buddies there. He was like, took his little camera off his chest.


He was, This is Sam and Kobe. So I was like, I spent like 10 minutes like trolling this cop that I thought was a ghost hunter. And then later on I found out that the entire group knew he was an officer and just didn't tell me. And they let me. Well 'cause we saw His gun and his badge and his camera and his vest and yeah. Yeah. So I Was like, I was like, this ghost hunter takes his job very seriously. And finally I was like, oh yeah, like we actually do have a YouTube channel, like it's called Cash Maverick. And we're like finding the secret hidden key on the bridge. You know, if you've seen it, let us know. And he was like, he was like, okay. And he just sits there and doesn't say anything To God. Oh my God. I'm just imagining telling a cop. Yeah, we're looking for, you're just at one of the most creepiest Google locations. Oh my gosh.


Wait on the earth. And at the most haunted place, one of the most haunted places. And you're like, we're looking for a Yeah. Well then finally he, I was like, what you doing out here? And he was like, tells us he's an officer. And he is like, so we come out here and we patrol the area because there's a lot of illegal activity that goes on out. Here's like, a lot of people do drugs, a lot of people are jumping off the bridge, like into the water and Stuff that happens. Man. Drugs and Bridges. So, and he was like, he was like, there's a lot of people that perform like rituals here. He's like, oh gosh, last Week, week, gosh he probably thought you were on drugs. He, he's like, yeah and pikachu's over there. No, I, We hidden key outta here. This is how scary this place is. Yeah, no, so scary. This the cop goes last week. Someone had got an animal from the woods, killed the animal, and they spray painted a Pentagon onto the bridge and they lit it on fire.


You mean Pentagram? Yeah. The Pentagon is what, like the White House type? Yeah, The tengram, the like satanic ritual. They spray painted it and they set the bridge, like the thing on fire, on the bridge. And the cops have to like come out there like all the time, make things happen because there's so many people performing rituals. 'cause it's such a weird spot. Okay. It's like weird and creepy and gross and haunted. And then finally after a couple minutes of him sitting there just watching us, 'cause you know, I was like, okay, like now that we have our secret service protection agent officer across the bridge, I feel safer. And then he gets up and leaves and I was like, no, you don't have to leave. And he was like, I've seen enough. And then he walked away. Oh No. But then as soon as he leaves Becky, our tour guide looks at us and she was like, you know, that's not the first time I've heard of that.


One time I came out here and they were like five or six dead hanging cats in the woods because Oh, people, people's houses are right there by the, Oh my God, bridge. And apparently some teenagers had come by and stolen these people's pet cats. Like, imagine someone stealing your dog and you just find it hanging in a tree. Oh my gosh. They were performing rituals. I'm not gonna gonna lie. Animals. The last time I went to Goldman's Ridge there was like people screaming as loud as they could and like fire. And I wanted to join them. No. Fire, fire, fire, fire. No.


Like I got a gasoline. No, no, no. It was come on This puppy up. No, it was so funny. But like also my sister, she went on Halloween and Halloween's like the worst one. Yeah. Oh, okay. Going to Goat Men's Bridge on Halloween. Halloween. That's crazy. Might be the worst idea Ever. So she went on Halloween and she posted on her story. This lady just like doing demonic things. And I'm not gonna lie, I like, I, I find like I I, I like to like look at like paranormal things on TikTok and stuff. Like, but I'm like a, I'm a really good Christian. Like Sam Coley videos. Yeah, yeah. Like Sam Coley videos or like, or like people, like people like having like ghosts in their house or something like that. Like it moving randomly. And I'm like, I get so scared and it like gives me adrenaline.


But yeah. Like that's why I like to go to Goat Mans Bridge. You have to be careful. You have to be so careful. You have to be careful. I've Never Fact at, at the end of the day there are like some crazy people out there so bad. And you could be going out there to just have fun. Many People died. Yeah. You need be careful that same spot. The Fact that the cops were out there on a Tuesday night. Yeah. That's what, you know, patrolling. Yeah. Just 'cause there's so much illegal activity and like dangerous things happening There. Like it's not really a good place to be. Yeah. No, that's where an accident, that's where something will happen. Think about I wanna go tonight. Yeah. Y'all Wanna go? Yeah. I'd rather should go. It's a Monday. It's not even a Tuesday. Yeah. Or Halloween. No, there was, there's been like, actually it's such a bad spot. Like there's been multiple people that like I've heard of that have died there.


And one time, like a couple years Ago, one of my friends saw a dead body there once. Same. Are you kidding? No. I mean, so serious. That's so bad. My sister that bad. What? My sister's friend was driving to school. Oh my gosh. And there was literally like a body in the area. No, wait, actually they saw it. Yes. She was driving by and she saw the body. My and the cops were there, like they had just taped off the area and she was driving to school and she looked and she saw it and then Yeah, they covered it. No way. They were like Covering it up so bad. Yeah. Somebody got shot there like a year ago. Yeah. That was the one that Yeah. That, that's why you should not go there. Yeah. That's Why you shouldn't be Going. You always think you're like, oh, that would not happen to me. We're just gonna go have fun until it's you. I, I remember we like parked and these two other people were coming back and they were like, don't go back there.


And we were like, what? Why? And they were like the ghosts. And we were like, okay. Yeah, dude, my friend Michael, he was one time exploring a, an abandoned parking garage and he's just going in the abandoned parking garage or like, him and his like four friends and he has it on video. They like turn a corner. It's crazy. And this guy sticks out a gun? No, from around the corner and just goes pop, pop, pop, pop, pop right at them. And they all like took off running. It's on video. It's, he, he still has it on video. I don I don't think we can add the video to wait. I Haven't seen No, No. We probably can't add the video, but it was crazy. I Haven't seen this video. Crazy. Everyone's just silent. Everyone The everyone camera. No, just, and it's just, they just run. Everyone's just running. It's like complete silent.


I start Laughing. No you Wouldn't. No I wouldn't. Everyone just like no talking. No, everyone was just, I asked Michael Tell Story. I asked Michael, I was like, why did nobody scream? And he was like, we were just so terrified. Like, your body just doesn't know what to do and you just start sprinting. Sprinting. That Was what? No, that's what your sister said. Because she was, their sister was in like a mass shooting a couple years ago at like, gosh, like dancing like a dance bar. And she said the creepiest part was when the shooter came in, like it went dead silent. Like the, when the gun like started firing and stuff, people weren't like screaming the Way Yeah. Anytime anything serious actually happens. No one talks. Yeah. She was like, you think that like, because of what happens in movies, people start panicking and screaming and stuff. She said, all you could hear was people's feet like running to get outta the buildings Terrible.


Like nobody said anything. And she said every once in a while someone would like yell someone's name, like call a friend's name or something. Speaking of mass things, I'm gonna talk about it on the next podcast, but I have such a good story, so stay tuned for the next podcast. Wow. I don't feel like that's Kate though. When Kate gets scared she just, she or Yeah, Kenzie too. Both of y'all scream so loud. Yeah. You guys, you guys are some screamers. I'm not gonna lie. I mean it's like loud. I felt No, I scream. I feel like Kate hollers. Okay. Yeah. What the, what's the difference in that? Oh yeah. See that right there? That's a scream. But that one, that's a ho. She's like, I be like, like What? I don dunno if this is the actual definition, but in my mind, hollering is like, you're saying words Hollering.


Kenzie is, is like what my grandpa would say to me when I'm being loud. He is like, stop hollering. Yes, but you're being loud. You're saying words hollering When you scream. It's just like, but when you Yes. That's how said she said, ah, I didn't wanna Scream in the mic, but hollering. I feel like you're like, oh No, no, stop. That's, I feel like Screamings were like, I Feel like eight hollers. You know What? I don't. And I Can tell you why, because when cash and I were at that dinner on the rooftop and the person right below us started shooting. I didn't holler. I ran Did you scream?


No. Okay. So she doesn't holler her scream. Yeah, dude, when we were, we were at a restaurant. Oh. And this guy, this guy below the restaurant, we were like on the balcony, the guy below the restaurant, I think it was like two like, I don't know, like thug members or something, like shooting at each other or something. I don know what it was, but it was just like, some guy was mad at another guy and somehow they, like, one of 'em was like shooting at the other one or something. But everyone in the restaurant, the top floor didn't know what was happening. So everyone on the balcony like ran inside. And I'm not even kidding, bro. Kate's dad didn't even, he was finishing that meal, man. He was like, not in a hurry, sorry. He got up, he was like, and I got up like grabbed all the phones. I'm like, yo, he is clearly not care about being shot.


He sure did grab everyone's phone off the table. I was like, dad, like get inside. And he was like, I got y'all's phone. So I was like, like, what are you doing? I was like, you didn't have to do that thought. And then after, after like, 'cause when the shooting happened, like everyone ran inside and then the restaurant just like closed. Like they put the the what what even is it blinds, like the screens down? Yeah. For the outdoors to like block off the restaurant from the street and stuff. I'm telling you, nothing scarier than an an older man. Like an old kind of man when it comes to that stuff. They don't give a crap if they die, man. I'm like, I know. It's scary. Have you seen those videos? That one guy on TikTok, this guy was like robbing like a bar and he comes in there with like a gun. The whole bar like gets on the ground with like their hands up or whatever.


And this guy's just still drinking his drink at the bar. And the guy comes up to him and puts a points a gun at him. And he is like giving the wallet. And the guy's like, no, I'm not giving you anything. And he's just, oh man. He's just like, gimme a wallet. He's like, no. And then the Robert goes behind the bar and the guy asked him, he was like robbing the cash register. Yeah. The guy, the cashier's like on the ground with his hands up. And then the guy's like, he literally says, why you're back there? Can you hand me a beer Rob? Huge. An old gun? No. Oh, I'm telling you old dudes, dude, they don't care at all. No, But that's such a troll. Like literally the bar, there's a gunman in the bar. They're Just like fed up with everyone's crap at that point. Yeah. I think when you're like 70 you're just like, There's a gunman in the bar. Ain't doing what he says.


The man with the gun, instead of listening to him, you ask him to be your servant and hand you a beer. I'm telling you, old men are built different call a stage. Do you think it was real? No. It was. No, it it was real. It was real. I'm telling you like 60, 70-year-old men, 80-year-old men. Did he hand him a beer? No. He's on his phone with his other hand and he tries to take the phone out of his hand and he's like, Nope, give a fuck take. He's like wrestling with the guy. Do you think he was just like way too intoxicated? He had no clue what Was going on? No, he just didn't care. He was like, he was Like, just shoot me outta just kinda like an old man that He wasn't even that old. He was like, even like the older my dad gets, he just cares less and less about people's crap. I'm pretty convinced if my dad, if someone is robbing him, he'd be like, nah, nah, you're not, whatcha he gonna do shoot me? Like What do you mean your dad has been robbed before?


Yeah, he, can we tell that story of the, the the the car wash incident? I think so. I'll just say, I'll just say it shortly. Yeah, no, no, You can. Long Story. I think Your dad like to have this out there. Long story short, long story short, my dad was, my dad owns a car wash and he was working on it. A guy drove by on a bicycle and stole his drill gun. So my dad chased him down, grabbed his bicycle and started with a pew pew. No, no, no, no, no, no. Just straight up. No. You did Everything with this Pin. That's what I'm saying. The older man get, they just don't give a crap. And this guy's in his twenties and my dad's like 55. He is my dad. Dri gets his truck drives and finds the guy 'cause he's on a bicycle parks his truck walks up behind the guy, takes his bicycle while he's riding on it and then just hits him with it.


And then with your dad? Yeah. And then punches him with his hand. My dad breaks his hand and the guy's like, why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? And then my dad just grabs his drill gun and goes, because this is mine. And then walks away. He shouldn't His bike away. That would, No, he didn't. The guy. And then the guy was like, can I have my bike? And my dad was like, no. And he made him leave without his bike. My dad, He said, you probably stole this too. And then He probably stole this too. That's so bad. He had like golf clubs and like his little wagon behind his bike. My dad pulls the golf clubs out. I We told that story and he's like swinging him. He's like, you should really get running to get swinging the clubs. That's so bad. And the guy like, turns around and like starts walking and he is like I said, run. No, there was another time.


'cause they also have a, a piece of property they had bought and there was like these buildings on it and people were breaking into these buildings and stealing like elec, like they were literally stealing things out of these buildings, like the electrical stuff. And one time he caught them breaking in and he held them down until the cops got there. And the guy that he was holding down the, the like bad guy. The robber? Yeah. The guy that's robbing him, James is holding him down and the robber gets so scared. He calls 9 1 1 on himself. He like, Hey sir, his phone to call nine one one. And he calls 9 1 1 and he is like, I'm being attacked. And they were like, where are you? And they said, the property, like the property address. And they were like, is James Baker the one holding you down?


And he was like, yeah. And they were like, okay, We live in a, we live in a small town though. So they were just just like, all right, well we'll be out there when we can when we get there. Wait, Was it in Henrietta? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. That's so bad. But after that, people stopped breaking onto the Property. No, my dad low key, like, he's like low key waiting for, he's like hoping he wants all the smoke. He don't, I'm not kidding. It. It's like he, he sleeps with like a big rifle next to him. Oh my God. And waiting for the smoke. And I'm not kidding, a military helmet that he sticks on blood helmet vest with like lights on it and everything. Yeah. And he like, like his alarm goes off for like somebody over there and it's like t minus a minute and a half.


And he's there. Really? He's there in the car fully loaded everything hooked, decked out. No, bringing his, bringing, he, he got a military dog. He literally got a military dog. He was trying to be an attack dog. Yeah. He's like, I gotta get me a military dog. So he got that. It's so funny that His military dog is scared of everything. Yeah, He bought it. No, no. You don't understand. And his dog was barking in falls is secret. Yeah. Listen, the mailman pulled up the other day when I was there and this dog was barking at the mailman. And he is like, wow. Wow. And the mailman was like, can I get out? And I was like, yeah, watch. And I literally went over to the dog, didn't even move. I just looked like this to the dog. And I went, rah. And the dog went, oh, ran away. And the mail man laughed so hard. He was like, oh dang.


No, but she's, she's like, dogs all bark, huh? I was like, yeah, she's a, She's such a scary dog though, to like be having Bark. So scary to look at. But if you go b it's like, ah. You lie. What? Is she a Malmo? That's so far. Yeah. A Malmo. She's like a, she's an intense looking dog. Yeah, she's so sweet. She just wants you to better. Is This the longest episode we've ever done? What? No. She's like, it's a minute. She's like, can we end it? Well, yeah, we can. No, go ahead Harper. The episode. No, this is an hour and 20 minutes. No, it's What I'm talking about. It's been like 56. It's, You can end it. Go ahead. No, I Don't want to. I It's okay. Go ahead. I don't want to though. I, Okay. Well, we'll talk about what was the story you wanted To talk about? Next episode. Next episode. Next Episode. Episode. Why are you guys still watching? This is clearly the end of the episode.


Do We'll see next episode.