
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in Allstate. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance.


Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. Piper, let's fight. Text me back or I'm gonna fight you. Whoa, whoa. No, I'm gonna fight you right now. If you don't text me back, text me back. Now. Why are you saying that? You're texting me if you're not actually texting me. Why did you bring boxing gloves? Don't get at me. You're boxing gloves. One. Put them on here. She needs to come. Blend in her nose.


Contour. We're going on door This weekend. Tour starts in Atlanta, Georgia, and Charlotte, North Carolina. In Atlanta. Our show is on June 28th, and Charlotte Show is June 29th. We're Also going to a bunch of other cities like Washington, DC, Philadelphia, Toronto, And St. Louis, New York, Boston, Cincinnati, Chicago, Minneapolis, Houston, Oklahoma, and Dallas. And don't forget, we're going overseas to Dublin, Manchester, and London. And also next week our Australia shows are going on sale. We cannot wait to see you guys there again.


Welcome back to another episode. As You can see, we were successful. If you watch the Capri episode, we successfully did it. Kate and I did not approve of this. Just We kidnapped her. That's what we did. Well, I don Dunno where I am or who I'm with. Really? You can't tell by, by, by the voice. By by. Why'd you Look at me when you said that male Voice over there. I'm very, very high. Squeaky. Oh, Well que in case you guys are wondering. No, that is not Harper under the bag. Even though it may look like Harper, it actually is. As you can see, Harper dyed her hair brown. Yes, You can. You can take off the bag. Smiley bag. Oh, and whoa. I bet you guys never thought I would ever be on this podcast.


And you're like, I've been talked about several times, so No, no, no, no. No one ever said anything crazy here, But I mean this is like where it all kind of started. Like this is where I got called out to, you know, my first ever boxing match. Yeah. You know, this is the full circle moment. That Was highly unplanned though. Yeah. It just like, you know How hard Yeah, it was. I literally looked at Harper and I, or me or Mav, one of us. We were like, Harper, if you were gonna box anyone who would be, and then she was like completely, she had Like ready, she was like, She was like, right now Sister. Literally like sitting like this is so tm. I, I was like sitting on the toilet and I literally, I scrolled. I was Like, I was like, so like in like the nice, so like I didn't really know. I saw your guys' podcast a few times, but when I saw that, 'cause like I go through my tag stuff as much as I possibly can.


Yeah. I just feel like it's like the right thing to do. You know what I mean? People put their Time and energy into, you know, hashtagging me. So I'm gonna go through it. And they tagged me in it and I just saw her and I was like, I felt honored. I was actually so happy. I went downstairs, I showed my family. I was like, look, look, look guys, guys, look. I made It. Imagine you. I'm just gonna sit down at a toilet here. And what is that? Seriously? I, it was, I made it moment. Wow. Getting called out on The LOL Podcast. Yeah, I've never been called out. Yeah, Yeah. No, but it's 'cause Nobody cares to call you out. It's probably 'cause you're too scary. Mav. You know, maybe it's 'cause I don't sit on my phone on the toilet. Wait, you don't sit on your phone on the toilet? I do. Well, I certainly don't sit on it. If anything I have it in my hand. You just, You've never sit on the toilet no Matter what.


Well, think about it all the way from Piper Rock. Ke Papa get rocked to the podcast. Yeah. I mean this is cool. This is the episode so many people have begged for. Yes. Begged. It's still like a year and a half in the Cookery. I think it's almost actually, yeah. A year and a half since the everything happened. And we still get comments about it. At least I do. I still do. It's like, go meet Harper. Have you listened to the full song? The full song? Yeah. I mean kind of. Yeah. Yeah. Oh goodness. She's the new queen base. It's Just, it's in my, yeah, that's my part. Hates Me. It just, it plays in my head all the time. Wow. On repeat. Is it like Your alarm in the morning? Yeah, it, it is like rock come give rock And it's just like, Piper, you gotta get up. You gotta get s Your motivation yourself. Come on, come On gym.


14-year-old. She's gonna get you. You gotta get going. Go Gonna get You. And the sad thing is, is like people are like boxer. Boxer and then like when I would play into a, they'd be like, girl, you're almost 17. Stop. Like, what are you doing? I was like, like I don dunno because I'm constantly getting told to act my age and do this. But then when I hang out with like someone a little bit younger, like yesterday I was hanging out with someone who was a little bit younger and they were like pepper's. 17. Yeah. What are you doing? Like hanging out with this? Like, I was like, Well, I'll tell you what, Kenzie's real cooked then she's 25. I'm cooked. You want unc? Wait, what'd You say? Like an old Guy. What? What did you call her? An unc. I don know an unc. That's what, like, That doesn't sound good.


I'm glad I'm not an what I say. No, I'm just joking. You're beautiful and amazing. But I'm just like, that's what people call, like that's what I joke with like friends or whatever we call like the old person. Like we're like, oh, you're an unc. Oh. Because I like don't know, like the upcoming stuff, you know what I mean? Wow. Oh yeah. That's Kenzie. Yeah. That no Kenzie. And that has absolutely nothing to do with my age. That has to do with my chronic illness of never being online. She like just got social media like six months ago. Like she That's so cute. Yeah, she like doesn't know anything. Like, what did she say the other day? She, we were talking, or earlier today we were driving and we drove like past, we were in the hills and we drove past the old sway house. And the boys were like, oh, I think that was the Sways house. And Kenzie goes, I was like, oh, what is that sway dance group? Like they did they dance or something. I Was like, oh, they dance.


They did dance. I mean, honestly, like I'd be, if I didn't like grow up like doing this, I'd think that like my mind state now. I mean, maybe not because maybe I wouldn't have went through everything, but like, I don't want my kids necessarily like on TikTok all the time. Yeah. Chronically that stuff like genuinely messes with your head. Like You can go on TikTok and be so happy after you leave or go on it and be like so unhappy with everything. So it's just like, it's, Yeah. It's definitely not good for the environment. No. Yeah. The environment. Excuse me. No, I always say that. I say that short form content is ruining our children. And you know what? People are always like, you're contributing. I don't force anybody to watch it. Oh. Oh, she has arrived.


Oh. Why do you have those? Wait, are we boxing? Y'all said that you guys weren't gonna, we weren't gonna box. I didn't, I I didn't agree to this. Oh well. Oh, I brought box food gloves. So I feel like it's like only, right. Why did you Bring boxing Gloves? Don't yell at me. Don't yell at me at gloves. Take boxing call. She needs to come Blend in her nose. Contour. I just joking.


I'm what's happening People sometimes, sometimes I just, I was just joking. I was just, you read your comments, I hope. Okay, well, oh man, I was talking for a fight. We almost Got Into, it starts. Seriously. Seriously stop. Beautiful. Okay guys. All right. So Funny we jokes, Three moments of The LOL Podcast ever. Is Piper Rockelle telling Har to win. Stop. Stop. I literally, okay guys. 'cause I was, I was putting on my nose comment today and I knew it was a little orange.


I'm not gonna lie. And all my comments are being like, you're orange. You're orange. I know I'm orange. Okay. I understand. See, This is why we're not gonna have like kids on the internet because they putting stuff in your head that I don't even know. It's true. Like yeah, they, They're gonna think they're orange growing up. Yeah. Not good. Like seriously, like the comments actually get to people. I mean Elise, myself all the time. This Is crazy. This is the first time y'all have ever met right here. Lot. Yeah. Its crazy. Isn't that was just like y'all's first interaction. I know. Thats crazy. You already met each other 'cause y'all like talked on the phone And stuff. Yeah. But in Casey you guys were running. That was actually, we had Harper was they have not met even before we started recording this. Yeah. At all. That was a real thing. She That's crazy.


Yeah. I feel like Harper tried to do, make herself look a little scary. I don know y'all told me to Say look scary. Who said looks scary? Okay. But did I scare you? Did I scare you? And I was like, why are you yelling at me? I was a little scared a little bit. Yeah. I was like, oh damn. Piper, why are you yelling? Wait, hold on. Gone. No, no, no, no. You were fine. No, I, I felt a little rude. I was just being like, I was like, why are you yelling? I Don, I mean your first time meeting someone telling 'em they have to fight you. Yeah. It's kind of awkward. Yeah. But even end of, end of the day, it is all cool. It's all fun and games and you guys enjoy seeing it. Like the cameras up, you can hate on it.


People love to hate and I guess that that's like, that's what I always remind myself with. Like if I see clips of myself and it's just a full of just hate, I'm like, people love to do it. You know? I mean, yeah. When I was told I told cash to stop making those. Sorry. We have a lot of pipe Rock Kelly. That's another Good point. Do you guys know that? Like we go throughout our day seeing haters in real life. Like, that's crazy. Like we're going throughout our day seeing people who just commented like crazy stuff on someone's post. Like I think that too. I'm like, thanks somebody's at their house, she little keyboard warrior with their thumbs Like, and then go to like eat food and like at a restaurant and like we're sitting next to them. I'm like, Oh my God. Yeah. And then they're, they would never say With, and I'm like, Yeah, it's just Weird.


What's Your worst like fan like interaction Experience? Well it was probably with Salish. We were at a shopping mall and people were just like, explain like talking to me about how like Salish was your worst fan. Salish started it. It was just like they were coming up to us and just talking like about like controversy online and stuff and just like being like, you're, you're blah blah, blah, all this. And I was like, alright. Like you don't even know the real Meal. Wait, what'd they tell you? Yeah, they were just yelling at her. Yeah, just like harassing her. Oh, You never heard that story? Cash? Nope. Yeah, maybe I did. Oh yeah. And they threw a skateboard at my head. You did that last you Could. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash?


Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. Japan Sugar. The world has never seen war like this before. I Can use your face to call for genocide.


New weapons. I think the new age of conflict is definitely gonna be across ones and zeros and it's not necessarily gonna just impact warriors on the battleground. New conflicts Nowadays we receive nearly 3000 patients on a daily basis And new challenges. A Freeze on foreign aid continues to cause confusion and spread fear among humanitarian workers. Go to the front lines behind closed doors and explore the conflicts. Tearing the world apart and the projects keeping us together because You never know when war may reach your own borders. Only on Intercross. A LOL Podcast from the International Committee of the Red Cross.


Probably like that. Soo them. Yeah, like that. That right there. That is a salt's Soy one. No, let's not do that. Can I grab a Diet Coke Right now? You can get It for you. No, no, no. I Do you want anything to drink? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We got a diet Coke. Yeah. I Feel bad too. We We? Yeah. I mean anything That's we, You got water? We got puppy. We got Cookies and cream. Chobani. Yeah, We can get one. Have That. Okay. There was only one left. Anyway. The fact that he was actually offering it was kind of kind. He never offers anyone his food. Yeah. No one's really supposed to touch the Chobani. Lemme get that for her. No, it's fine. This is one of the like, just like podcasts that, I'll be honest, I didn't know if it was ever gonna happen. I didn't either.


I wasn't sure if this this would happen. Hey, it's not happening. It's a dream. No, this is just a prompt. I'm pinchy Wakes up from the dream. This is crazy. I think we need to have a, some sort of something's gotta happen here. We have Is that my grip is my favorite. Thank you so much. Good. Think Oh, I know what we can do. How about we see who can punch the hardest? Oh Yeah. And you punch in the face cash. You'll just Sit right there. You tell us who hits the hardest. Damn, that's not really exactly what I had in mind when I said that down. Go on Tash. Sit down. I Can go first, right? No, not you. Especially not you. You're 25.


Okay, fine. Let's see who can hit harder. Let's do it. Okay. Okay. Who's going First? Oh, of course he's gives it to Us. Right. Okay. I Don't think actually we're like bury the hatches. I don, I got my left hand the right one. I Mean, You can do the right one. You gotta make sure she hits you hard. Do the right. Oh God. Are we actually punching you? I guess so. Alright. And then you gotta raise their hands. Who's the winner? It's gonna be Piper. Hey everyone Thinking the shorts that they actually I don, I have a worked out in a hot minute Girl. I Okay, Okay. Alright dude, I'd be worried for your face right now. Peter, You can go first. No, you gotta, you gotta get down. Wait, wait we Go at the same time? No, you gotta get down. What? Okay. I'm not gonna lie. You guys Time.


You guys throw a lot taller than Yeah, you gotta get low. I know. There she's gonna punch you in the face. I know that's crazy. In the face. Yes. Yeah. I don know about in the face. And actually Alex, can you switch that to Slowmo until we get the face shot real quick? How about like in the shoulder? How about there? Yeah. No, no face. No, no. Let's do, let's do shoulder Back. You can take a shot to the face. Come on. No, you're fine. Alright, we'll ask you go first. No guys, don't do his face because like I don't wanna ruin, you know, Anything. The Moneymaker. Yeah. I don't wanna ruin anything Because it's gonna be hard. Oh, trust me. You're not gonna ruin anything. I mean, he has nothing going for Don't get Your, get that out my face. What? You're gonna too get That out of my face. I think he's a weapon. Just Hit his wife. I saw it firsthand.


I feel like I'm about be Sandwich. Are you gonna punch me? Do you have anything to say before you go punch Me in face? Because she's gonna, Are we at the Same time? Don't hold back. He's fine. He gets hit by, he, he boxes full grown men Drink before you spill it all over the carpet. He boxes full grown men all the time. You want the, so he's fine. You want the drink to be safe, Kenzie? Yeah. Good call. Well, you don't own this carpet so All, Why Are you Sweaty on your Back? Okay. Oh, it's a stain. I think it's barbecue sauce On the back of your T-shirt.


Yeah. Is it still there? Yeah. Yeah. That's barbecue sauce from lunch. Sauce from lunch. Okay. Where are you guys punching me? Like right there? No, in in the face. In the face. Knock him out. Y'all Are going two Separate spots. No face, cash. Wait, can they please in the face? No, no cash. You get out, you get punching me in the face. You get punched in the face by a full grown man. You're fine. No, You said that last time. Yes, You're fine. I, I'm, I'm okay. We'll do show dog. Okay. You fought Alex and he's punched you in the face. That cage just collapses. Alright, let's, Alex is 220 pounds and he's punched you in the face. Come on. Both. All you got Because we're only doing this once on your shoulders. Yes. Yes. Not either.


Okay. Can you scoot if you do the face. I won't be mad. Don't put him In the face Harper. I won't, I won't. Don't hit him in the face. I don won't. Okay. I don do that. Okay. Why you do that, Kate? Okay. Make Swear. Ready. Wait, Harper. No, you gotta fix your stance. I'm see her stance. That's a stance. Body is in the way. That stance is way better. Yeah. She's had body, Harper, shoulders, hips, everything. Gotta go into it. Kind of like, you know what I Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. I like, I need to get outta the way here. Knock him out girls. Okay, you got it. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.


Harper, why did you act like that hurt you? It did hurt me. Wait, Wait, wait. Before y'all take you off because I feel like I couldn't feel punch my hand. Ready. Okay. Ready? No, Take Your time. Take your time. Ready? This is your one, one chance. Ready? Or just like, just so you No, No, your hand. Okay. Ready? All right. 3, 2, 1. Okay. That was really good. Now you go. Now you go. Okay. Piper, are we even practicing? No. Her stance looks like she's been practicing. She's like, I've been training just in case someone calls me up. Well hey, however you want. Ah. It's pretty even. No kidding. We're here.


We're even, we're like twins. I really feel like I should try. Huh? I really feel like I should try. You should Try You guys. I There is a winner of though, unfortunately. What? Okay, Well I guess that's like raise Y'all name. Oh. Oh. And Harper just Cracked the diet Coke open. I know, I know. It was Fine. Okay. Oh wait, do they need the gloves on? Yeah, probably got the gloves on. Oh, Dramatic. Dramatic. Oh, I'll put The left. Man. I really want I've Why I wouldn't even let them push face. It's be in the face. Gosh. Should I out the right one? Oh yeah, You can do whatever. I don care. Oh, sorry I didn't You take, wait, put 'em both on Harper. Both. Yeah. Just one is all you need Brian. I mean I just really for the clip Man, I really thought someone we get hit in the face.


I Alright. The winner is unfortunately probably not me. I know. You expect the winner is pipe She harder. Unfortunately she did. Oh wow. We got Harper. We're gonna start going the gym and you're about to just I know. Listen. Rock Hill more like Harper get rock, rock Shift. Her comments recently. It's never gonna gonna stop. Are you scared to fight me? I'm only 14. Okay. Yeah. But guess what babe? There's some new cream. Be and I was so shocked 'cause like I sat down and I watched it. Well actually, so like my boyfriend at the time was like, did you see the Distract?


I was like, the hell Are you talking about what? We watched it like over FaceTime. I was like, crap. And the like part where you guys were like, you put like what did, what was it? It's like something about like, are you waiting for Gavin to come back to you? Oh yeah. God. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. That was crazy. Speaking of that, you guys are gonna have him on here, right? Yeah. When? Yeah. Oh, I think we actually had him on. No, we already had him on. Oh. Oh, okay. Speaking of that, how was meeting Gavin? It was good. It was good. That's about it. Met you? What do you mean? That's amazing. That's Good. Just waiting for him to get back. So He's a nice guy. He's silly. Get it. He's funny. Nobody got that really get back with waiting for him to get back.


Like, oh man, Nobody got, it was a crazy lie. No, I wrote that line. Yeah, I know. No, It was actually, it was actually math. 'cause I remember we were in the studio. Oh, I'm sure it was. No, it was, it was. You're in the studio and you're like, what is the line? It's weeks seven. What are you waiting for Gavin to get back with you? That Yeah, Maverick came up with that, unfortunately. So what's your favorite line of the song? Probably like Pepper Rock. Hell, more like pepper, gay rock because like, that's perfect. Like if you call that a boxing per like with another person, they, it wouldn't be as good as line because like Raquel Rock. Like rock. Yeah. That was the thought behind it. You know? Guess did you make it up? Did you consider making a Dis track back?


I guess like, I had a few like people in my life that were like, oh you should do one back. Like get her back. Like get her back. Then I was like, you should back. I was like, at the end of the day, like it was too good. Like, you guys just did, you guys did such a good job. Like with the music video, follow that up. You know, and like, everything like that. At that time, you know, I wasn't in a good place. I had like almost to nothing and I was just like, okay, you know what? I'm just gonna let it happen and you know, kill more Kindness. Oh great. I mean seriously. So sorry about that. Oh great. Wow. Am sorry. No, No, no, no, no. It's Wowing Good though. Why did I Think me tear up a almost. What? It's okay. Oh listen. No, It's okay. No, Loki like I was falling off so I appreciate you guys. I was falling.


Okay, great. We were too. That's why we did it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh my gosh. I'm so Know. The clips just went so viral. We had to do it. The clips went so viral. And then you did a YouTube video making excuse excuses like training for the fight. Yes, yes. Yeah. You know, I actually didn't think anything about it. Even when Harper said it on the pod, I was just like, oh yeah, that happened. And then it wasn't like, well the thing is I, weeks later that we posted the episode and then it like went viral and we were like, oh, what the hell? Isn't it weird? Like the stuff that goes this viral and this stuff. Like sometimes I'm like, this is gonna do so good. You put So much effort into it. Free Perform. I've been wanting one clip from the podcast to go viral as like a TikTok audio. We Yeah.


Two years in't it's never happened. I, We haven't won't, this is our Two. This week is Two years. No, what the Sigma I guess went viral, but like that was, No, but like the audio, like you know how Theo Vaughn has like the audio that go viral? It's like I, I can't swim. Like I would rather slam my head in a car door. Yeah, we don't have fun voices. You know? It's crazy. Do a good job though. Pipe. You were, she was almost the 200th episode. She's 1 99. No, no, it's Monumental. Yeah. Maybe wait, are we just gonna like Well I, When you hear Lululemon, you probably think of a line yoga pants, weightlessly soft, like you're wearing next to nothing. That's why you see them in class at the grocery store and in the park. But did you know about skirts with built-in liner shorts?


So you can still jump for the Frisbee and tanks and body suits with a lines iconic stretch. You won't wanna take it off. And with endless style options, you don't have to shop in store or online@lululemon.com. Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial.


At shopify.com/special offer, Your payments are showing, but with Apple Cash, your payments are private by design. There are no public feeds awkward reactions or unnecessary payment drama. Apple Cash lets you send cash and messages right in the conversations you're already having. Or with tap to cash, pay someone next to you without looking up a username or scanning a QR code. Just hold your iPhone near someone else's to send, switch to Apple Cash and start sending privately. Apple Cash services are provided by Green Bank member FDIC. Actually we're probably going to expedite this episode and like probably post this in a couple days from now. We, because right now we're filmed up at it like two weeks, so we're probably gonna expedite it.


So you're probably gonna be more like a hundred and like 94 or five. But, you know, pretty close. Not a competition. I don dunno. I mean that's pretty sick. Like, good job guys. You gotta give yourself a round of applause. Why are we doing this? What's happening? 'cause you guys are doing a good job. Oh wow. She's so nice. Yeah, I don't like how it's too bad. She gotta get rough. No, that's terrible. That's like so bad. So basically the whole reason like, like why I said that in the beginning was Cash Force. Cash Force. No, I'm kidding. No, no, no. It was a big scheme. No, I was like, I was like thinking, I was like, who's one person on the internet that like is a girl that's around my age? And I was like, oh, Piper Rockel or Salish. So I was like, Piper, and then you Just can't Rock Salish.


Yeah. S everybody And you're just like, I know. Especially at the time she s Salish just be like, Okay. No. Yeah. Salish. Yeah, she, she, she probably would've rocked me, but no, I mean, yeah, I think at the end of the day we got so much hate from it. It was terrible. It, it was really bad. And I, but I think like, it was just funny to see who would like poo pick sides and stuff like that because like my comments were filmed with like, I'm Team Harper. I, and I was like, I'm talking, I'm doing making Pirl. I'm not asking. It was so bad. I was like, okay, okay. Yeah, it had the internet split for A second. That was crazy. What a, what a time. Yeah. I I I love watching all your videos. Even after like the beef and stuff, I still indulged in like your get ready with me and stuff, So.


Oh, thanks. Wow. No, yeah. Before I was like a big fan of you too, so. Oh, I appreciate. Well, and I still am obviously I say Before, before a big fan of you. No, but like, that's why I like said your name to start with and stuff like that. Yeah. But no, what's it called? How was meeting Little Tay or Little T Oh, it Was really cool. So I actually met her like long, long time ago in like 20 18, 20 17, something like that. Oh, when she was like originally Yeah, like when she was actually like, you know, yeah, She's been around for a minute. She has. Yeah. And then she like disappeared for a long time and I just recently met up with her again, like, I think twice. It was really great. I mean, we got along. She's really like, she genuinely is a really like sweet person. I know. Like she has like, you know, she has a big personality, but she's a really sweet person, like down in, and she's a loves supporting girls and stuff like that.


I think she so nice. She is so nice. I'd be interested to hear your sides of bringing up with that, of the Capri incident. 'cause he talked about when y'all smashed his windshield. Oh gosh. Yeah. How did that go down? Wait, was That real? I mean, yeah, so, so he, we got matching tattoos and then that day he like played a whole little prank. But the prank was like weird. Like it was a weird prank. It was a prank that I've never experienced before. Like you Said, he was, the Print felt a little too real to me and it went on for like five days. And I was like, Whoa. I was like, this can't be a prank. And like the stuff I was hearing that he was Saying, wait, start from the beginning because some of these people may not have watched Cap. Also for context Capri, we said, why'd you do it? He said, I was bored.


So he said, I don wanna to spice things. Yeah. He was like being quiet and then he was like, I, I was just bored. I was like, what? Just wanna spice things up. God. So yeah, we got matching tattoos and then while we were there, the chat kept saying like, he's gonna go meet Alice. And Alice was with Julia, That's her name. He Forgot her name. He couldn't remember her name. There's No way. We made jokes about it all the time. Like anytime we're like, yeah. I'm like, are you gonna go see Alice? Like, it's a funny joke at the end of the day, but scary. What was I gonna say? Must have just escaped his mind. There's no way that I did. Okay. So yeah, I, We got the matching tattoos. The chat was like, he's gonna go meet up with Alice, he's gonna go meet up with Alice, yada, yada, yada. But he said that he had like a dance competition or like for, I don't know, but it was also Mother's Day.


So there's no way that there was like a dance competition on Mother's Day in the middle Of him. Yeah, he would dance on Mother's Day. I mean, I mean your dance with my mom, but like why, why are you having A Yeah. Is it a mother fuck Dance? I don't know. It was really silly. So, but like I don didn't, like, I trust him, trusted him and then I was like, okay, yeah, sure, go ahead. And then I, I, I streamed when I got home because like I was getting, I could see that like obviously as influencers or as what we do content creators, you take it any advantage you get to like, you know, have a moment. So I was like, okay, this would be a great time to stream. 'cause obviously everyone's gonna be like talking about it. So I streamed and then like on the stream, I looked on his Snapchat and he, first he went live on Instagram with a girl and like was talking and then the Snapchat, like he was in her room with like this beautiful daddy with like a freaking bat.


Yeah. And I was like, oh, I don think I was in the room. And then I was like, Oh my God, You know, I'm starting to think he left some details out you Yeah, he told us, he said, I rented an Airbnb and then she got mad and smashed my windshield. Oh my God. So he was posted up with her for that night. And then I met, I, I tried to go find him and I found him and like, she was like, he pretended like he was taking her to the airport and like he was like, that was his cousin or something. And then I just left. I went home and for the very next Day, wait, pretended, or was it, was it his? No, it wasn't his cousin. And then I was like, I went home and then for a few days, like he went back to Vegas and we like, you know, like did some tiktoks about it and stuff like that.


Again, Vegas, we weren't talking. He was in Vegas for like two days. I think he came back, he tried to like, he was talking to me like through my house and like I was like, get away from my house. Like, what are you doing? So then he wait. Oh my, he drove all the way here. Okay. To, And you didn't let him in your house Speak with me. But like he was, What do you mean through your house? Like he, So like my house, like window I, a window up, well my house. And he like parked right there and he Was like, like Romeo Juliet type thing. Yeah. But like, it was more like, like, get outta my house. And he was like, please, I'm on the phone with the police. You know what I mean? So I was like, get out. And then after that he went and he stayed at Alice's hotel until we figured out that it was a prank. Wait, The next day, the day, same girl that you saw him with before he just went to go stay With her? Yeah, he went to her hotel.


But like Dedicated the Prank at the end of the day. No, but it was a prank. I mean, I don't even know if he actually stayed at her hotel, but like, those were the tiktoks that I was seeing. Yeah. We were communicating texting through TikTok. And then the next day after that they were doing a stream at the hot tub and like in the hot tub at this house that the air Airbnb that he rented. And I was him. And and she was What? Him and Alice were Doing the stream? Yeah. In the hot tub. Just talking. She was like touching up all him and like kissing him and like on the cheek and stuff. I know. I was like, get off. And we were watching the stream like I was is as it was happening. And then I was streaming and then Little Tay was like, we should go pull up. And that's what I Te was like, we can pull up. Sounds like little That's I did. And I saw his car there and I so little tey.


Oh, but, oh, okay. I'm forgetting a huge part of the story. So the first day I saw Little Tay, right? We were just talking about it and nothing really came out of it. I think we met them up and then we like argued or whatever. The next day after that I was furious. So guess what I did Smashed his windshield Almost. I got a tattoo with Gavin. Oh, matching. Oh My God. With Gavin Crushing on you. This is like this like, you know, like how like they have it on? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like Spotify, you Scan. I literally saw that earlier. I was gonna ask you what song it was. So, so when he was like, it's a prank, you were like, dang. So Gavin and I, I was so, I was like, so I was like, Gavin and I, We go through a lot of like phases where we talk and then we don't talk. So then I was like, do you wanna get a matching tattoos?


And he said yes. And I was like, okay. So we got that. And then after that we went to the Airbnb, then he rented, smashed his window, yada, yada, yada. And then I found out it was a prank after that. And then we kept going with it just to like, create drama. But it, it caused a lot of rift between our relationship and stuff like that. I Can see that. Yeah. I kind of can see how that happened. Yeah. Yeah. Just, you know. Wow. Wow. So, so Gavin has the same tattoo? Yeah. You guys can, Oh, I'm gonna ask Gavin if you already asked him or You can ask him. Yeah. So what we really meant earlier is he hasn't been on yet, but he's coming on. But this episode comes out before or after. Yeah. So to clarify to the audience, we're in an Airbnb right now in LA and we're shooting a bunch of episodes and Gavin comes on tomorrow, but his episode's gonna be released before.


So yeah, it's a whole Spaghetti. Yeah. I mean, I guess whole Spaghetti. What? I like that. I'm gonna start saying that Spaghetti made it up just now. I like it. I'm gonna copyright it, so please don't steal it. So are you and Capri dating right now? Okay. He said y'all were dating, but I just wanna clarify. 'cause guys and girls, I Like spaghetti. I do. I gonna start thinking and I don't wanna explain something. I'm just gonna be like, yeah, it's old spaghetti. You wouldn't understand that bad thing To say Spaghetti. And also, would you say that you love Capri or are y'all just like each other? Well, I wanna, I like Capri. I, it was a whole thing, but we basically said, or he basically said it like, almost like, I think like three weeks into the US meeting each other.


So yeah, I mean we did it. Yeah, we, we love each other. We love each other. We love Each other. I'm really like, I really don't like sharing like emotions or like feeling, oh these are like saying like, oh, like I don't even like being like in front of people. Like, oh, I love each other much. P like, I don't like doing that stuff. I'm the opposite. I'm the opposite of that. Oh, Okay. Okay. Did I ask I'm are you No, I'm kidding. I'm exactly like that. But like I just don't even like, like doing that stuff. But like, yeah, I mean like, it was cute right now we got along so well You could ask him right now if he loves his wife. He'd be like, well you know, she's a good person. It to spaghetti sash. Not even emotions at all. No. Yeah, I am Kenzie. Don't remember the time I had to apologize to you.


He's apologized to me one time and it's very awkward. No, he like came to like, give me a hug and I was like, why are you trying to hit me? No, That's Bad. Did you know who I was like before the distract came out and stuff? Yeah, I was, it was explaining at the beginning. I kind of saw a few, a few of your guys' podcasts. But like I was sitting on the toilet. Oh. And I was just scrolling through my mentions and then I saw you call me out. Oh yeah, yeah. I try. Yeah. But I guess what I, that was my, I made it moment. So you didn't really, yeah, I mean maybe not I made it all the way, but like I was like, oh damn. Like I didn't know. 'cause I always forget that like, people see what I do. Like it's kind of bad. Like I post stuff and I'm like, damn people aren't gonna watch this.


No, no. Harper's the same Two five check. The world has never seen war like this before. I Can use your face to call for genocide. New weapons. I think the new age of conflict is definitely gonna be across ones and zeros. And it's not necessarily gonna just impact warriors on the battleground. New conflicts Nowadays we receive nearly 3000 patients on a daily basis And new challenges. A freeze on foreign aid continues to cause confusion and spread fear among humanitarian workers. Go to the front lines behind closed doors and explore the conflicts.


Tearing the world apart and the projects keeping us together because You never know when war may reach your own borders. Only on Intercross LOL Podcast from the International Committee of the Red Cross. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home in auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Aggressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. Check The world has never seen war like this before. I Can use your face to call for genocide.


New weapons. I think the new age of conflict is definitely gonna be across ones and zeros. And it's not necessarily gonna just impact warriors on the battleground. New conflicts Nowadays we receive nearly 3000 patients on a daily basis And new challenges. A freeze on foreign aid continues to cause confusion and spread fear among humanitarian workers. Go to the front lines behind closed doors and explore the conflicts. Tearing the world apart and the projects keeping us together. Because You never know when war may reach your own borders. Only on Intercross LOL Podcast from the International Committee of the Red Cross.


Wait, she posts stuff and she forgets that she has 7 million followers. I'm like, how do you just casually forget you have 7 million followers? No, it's weird. It's like weird to think that. 'cause I don't see like, 'cause I feel like 800 people's a lot. Like when we do our live shows and stuff like that, it's just so weird to see so many people there. Yeah. But then thinking about like 1 million of those people just like, yeah, I always think that too with like live shows and meet greet and stuff. It's so hard. The live shows. Like, do you guys Actually we're doing our first one. I don't know when this episode is dropping, but we're doing our first one in like six or seven days. Yeah. So we're doing a, not Like our first, but Like the one of Oh, we're doing our first tour. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Also, if you guys haven't got tickets, go to the other, The Podcast dot net. We're going all over the US What's that other country?


Berlin, Canada? No. Oh, uk, Ireland and Australia. Oh My God. I'm so happy for you guys. That's gonna Be so much. It's cute. She, she's so nice. So we went and dropped a freaking dis track on this girl. Are you kidding me? Wow. It wasn't A we thing, Parker. I should have done it on Salish. No, I love Salish so much. That's New. Dis track comes out like, S Salish, I didn't want to do this. She's like, Salish matter more like Salish don't matter. Oh. She's like, oh No, I Can see he came up with most of the songs. Oh wow. Maybe I don but yeah, that's, that's really exciting for you guys. I, I've been around and I did some it and it's really, it's a memorable moment.


Yeah. You get to make so many good memories. And like the food, try to go to as many places as possible with the food plate. I wanna say that There's this place in glass. He, he has like A low key. I have an eating disorder. Yeah. I, I, I I don I'm I don. Oh My gosh. Oh wait, did he Never confessed it? He's like Joking. But that was a good confession. I haven't, it mean That was a joke. No, I know You think you're joking, but I'm proud about that. You can, He Doesn't, he doesn't like eat anything. Like he has like a fear of like most foods. Okay. Like what kind of fear? Like a fear of it or The, or a fear. What's terrify? Like the terrify. Like if you throw, throw a jello at him, he'll freak out. He'll throw off. Or like, If you like put like if he sees his spaghetti, he sees the noodles and the pasta not mixed together. He gags he can't eat it now.


Oh my God. You know, that's, you gotta mix a little sauce for him and then he'll eat it. I'm like a 5-year-old, Honestly. No, but it's rare. You should try to like, like kind of learn more about it and try to help others with it and fix yourself as well. Oh No, he, he wouldn't admit he has a problem yet. Oh, no he won't. My mom calls me like at least once a month to tell me all the things she's found on Google and how to fix Maverick. Wait, so you, do you tour are overseas too? Yeah, I've been, we, I used to do tour. I've done like three tours before. Yeah. I started in like 2019 I think. Yeah. But yeah, we went to Australia. I went all to all those places. Dang. I got my, oh, I got this tattoo in Dublin when I was there. And yeah, there's this really great, if you guys go to Glasgow, there's this amazing restaurant that I always go to.


Like one time my mom and I literally flew there just to go to that restaurant really quickly. It was so good. It's like a Italian place, so dang. Oh yeah. It's an Italian Place. You can't go with You. But you flew somewhere just to go to a restaurant? Not necessarily. I was being overdramatic. I, We, I wanted to get, there was like for a supporter. She had a birthday. I went out there for her birthday. They flew me out and then, then I made a little quick stop over there before I went home For the Restaurant. Yeah. That's Fun. That's so sweet. Yeah. We're going to London. Dublin, or wait, London. What's that city called? Ireland. Dublin. Dublin. Oh yeah. Ireland. Dublin. We're going there. Sydney, Australia, Melbourne, and then, yeah, a ton in the us. Yeah. That should be so much fun. Yeah. You try to get all the content.


I can't wait to see. Thank you. Wow. Yeah, I'm excited the la and I'm Excited for it too. Well guys, I just feel really bad. Stop. No, I do. I do. I really do. This is really bad. I'm serious. Oh my gosh. Because Kate can see it too. Can see we, what do y guys seeing? Yeah. What are missing? That we literally dropped a dis track on like the Kindest person ever. Well that's very sweet. But it's, it's just a training to box. Maybe, maybe We should like Yeah, I was playing into It. Write a nice track or something. A nice track. I don't know. I feel like That it's, remember the Paul I wanted to wrote Apology song. They were like and way just friends. What? How was their Oh, I love you little bro. Love bro. I want you to know. Oh my gosh.


Together. That would be So good. Harper and Piper's like reconciliation. But the things I've done, that would actually be huge. That would be so fun. Your eyelashes Are beautiful right now. They're like must musty because I, no, they're pretty Went to the Kids Choice Awards yesterday and they're all like crusty right now. 'cause all these little girls were spitting in them. I don't What, How was it though? How was the Kid Choice award? It, it was a lot of fun. It was really fun. Yeah. We won a Kids' Choice award, so We did. Thank you. We like to tell people that. 'cause then they clap for us. No, that's like The third time today. We, we went to Matthew Beam's house and they were like, congratulations. You're like, yay. Yeah, I went to Matthew Beam's place today and the Costco guys were there and the guy stands up.


He's like the Costco guys and he up big For the Kids Choice awards. Boom, boom, boom. Have you met them? No. They're so sweet. They were on the pop the other day. Oh My God. Wait on This couch? No, no. Not that couch. But the Costco guy stood up and he's like, I'd like to say actually he talks, I'd like to say he's like a big, that's a good, you should Start using that voice. Yeah. He's like, he's like a big manly man. I'm like my voice. So he was like, I'd like to say thank you to or not. Thank you. LOL Podcast. Congratulations to the other podcast. And everybody was like, like everybody. It was really like, Let's get a round of applause. Come on. Yeah. Five big booms. They're so, they're so great people. They're so sweet. You would like them. They're, I like them as people.


We, I would love their comments when they're like, we made the right people famous like to them. Dude. Dude. Yeah. We, That's my favorite comment because everybody's always like, we made the wrong person famous. Like, like, oh my gosh. I understand. IAnd. Did you see when we pranked the, the kid Big justice, we took his Pokemon card. That's worth like $10,000. Yeah. So the prank we just did on you. It's like in that video Too, y'all did a prank on her. We're filming a cash mad video where we're trying to prank everyone and the big justice. We took his $10,000 Pokemon card and I swapped him out and I, I snapped him out and yeah, I got him pretty good. He started crying. Yeah. We felt it Was so sad. I got him pretty good. He started crying. Yeah. It was real good.


Wait, wait. No, no, no. He's gonna, that's Whoa, that's no, it was not a boom. It was a doom do Doo We called the prank off within about three seconds after we snapped the card. Oh my God. Because he immediately just went, no way. No way. Yeah. I was, he was a panicked. I called horrible. He's a, he's a legend, but No way. Yeah. So we also just pranked Piper. I don't know when the K Matt video was coming out, but, or Kate And Kenzie did. Yeah. We We're acting like crazy mean girls to her. Yeah. I was like, It Was like Kate was like, I was the first one here and I'm the prettiest, so I'm gonna tell you what to wear. And I, We Literally are like in like third grade and there's like the little ringleader and she's like, you can't wear a skirt because I'm wearing a skirt.


I like pulled. Wait, did she toe to take off her makeup? I Tried to and then she freaking got Me. She was like, she was like, I was like, I don't, I mean, I'm wearing like mascara if you wanna take that off. I, I really don't. Like there's really, it's like I, She was like, I'm, I know this sounds bad, but like I'm really, I'm not wearing Like that much makeup. So like, it wouldn't really look like if You can make it look bad. She's like, oh, Kate, I'm naturally this pretty Listen. Like, I know because like, frick, what do we do now? They're like, wait, so you're not wearing makeup like we are. And so then I just had to like grab the scissors and almost cut her hair off. Yeah. You were so serious about that though. I I You were like, wait, what are we gonna do with your hair? You pull these scissors outta nowhere. Look at I was either like, she's gonna stab me or she's gonna cut my hair because the way she's, she was like, she's like, Papa Rac, I can't wait to see the footage.


I can't wait to watch This sun. Yeah, we got her. We got her I think pretty good. But I felt I was like shaking doing it. I was like, she's gonna think I'm insane. Did you think it was weird that I We micd you up? Yeah. Right when I walked in and I was like, damn. Yeah, take me on a date. Come on. Like, damn. Like there's right away mic. Yeah. The second she steps into the house, she's micd up. Yeah. She's like, yeah, let's just mic you up. Okay. I'm like, oh, we're just filming some behind the scenes content. Kenzie go get her ready. Were you Like weirded out that I wasn't like out here. I felt like we kind of knew like that it was gonna be like, because we wanna get like our first like Impression on video. Yeah. I like that's we do for just put away so that y'all's first impression Be on Video. I just knew if y'all saw each other when, like when she first got here, not on camera.


Y'all were gonna talk for 30 minutes before it started. Yeah. And get all the good stuff outta the way and be like, well dang It. Yeah. Oh nothing. We're friends now. Oh man. They're like holding hands on the podcast like friendship. That's sweet though. Like that's sweet. I do think that we could be friends. Like We are friends. We were best. I love her. No, but yeah guys, I literally, what's it called? I was actually so scared of me her 'cause when I came, when I was like in my room, cash came in, he was like, here's some boxing gloves. Like, just come out and act like you're mean. And I was like, okay. I Didn't say mean. Yeah. I said Act how you want. No, no, no you didn't. You said, you said come out here act. I Didn't tell you to put that lipstick on. I know that. It looks good. That's what makes you look mean right now.


It looks good. I'm so embarrassed. My nose gone too than my lip. Okay. I swear I'm gonna get like dragged in the comments. I swear to God it just came outta my head like, it's not true. No, it's okay. We were all thinking it, so Oh Know. No, No. I just know like, okay, like I, people, I think a funny thing is like as people on the internet, we can use the hate against us and people love to hate, like I say, and they just hate on anything. You have the beautiful notes and that's why people are always like saying that you're orange and stuff. You just have a good tan. Like what are you talking about? You know what I mean? Like that. That's the point of like, I knew I had a good voice, I knew no, Honestly it's different. Like I have that bag on my head and I immediately knew like, oh, there he is.


I'm telling you everyone tells me that. Like I, I was in Walmart the other day and one of my friends was in Walmart. He's like, I knew you were here. I could hear your voice throughout the store somewhere. I was like, oh, it's Haunting. Honestly, It's, we were at Kids Choice Awards and there's like 30 people behind us and me And Kenzie are like, I don't know, a hundred. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home in auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash?


Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Aggressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states. Yards ahead of everyone. And everyone's talking and I hear just a little ha I'm like, I turn around and go, is cash following us?


He was supposed to wait there. I was like, I swear I heard him laugh. Did you tell him to wait? I look, I don't see him anywhere. I'm looking. I can't see him at all. And then all of a sudden we turned back around after we got to the car and he's walking around the corner and I was like, oh my gosh. I could hear him out of like a hundred people. His laugh. Yeah. Okay. But I am being serious. I did get kind of get ready in the dark or I like did touchups in the dark. Your makeup looks fine. Yeah, Looks fine. I look, I look like I'm taking on too much makeup because when I don't wear makeup, people are like, why did she look like a rat? And then, and then when I'm not wearing makeup or when I am wearing makeup, they're all like, oh wow. She kicks on too much. People Are gonna say something no matter what you look like. Oh, seriously. It's, I know. It's, it's, it's, It's a hatred world that we live in. And it's sad that we are growing up and we're the next generation that is, that is gonna have to live through this.


What this world that is so mean and so hatred. So if you are watching this, like maybe try to change it. 'cause at the end of the day, we're the youngest generation and we are the only ones that can change it. 'cause what a What a thank piper for president, everyone. Wow. Seriously. Piper For 2092 or whenever that would be. I, no, I'll be long gone by this. That's right. Yeah. Kinzie will for sure be dead. Isn't that scary To think about? Don't worry, Kinzie. We'll have you vote after That. I'll be dead before all of you. Yeah. You die first. Yeah, He Harper said, will that be, isn't that so scary to think about? And I said that I'll be dead before all of you. Actually, I'm kind of glad not say that. I'm kind of glad I won't have to live on this earth.


All born mal Alone. Guess what? You won't have to watch the others Go. Yeah. See, I don't have to go to y'all's funerals and actually have to take care of you. So y'all have to take care of Me. You're literal. Aren't you 25 though too? I'm 24. He's like, he's a are younger. Yeah, I'm a year younger. Dang. You're in younger guys. I didn't know that. Yeah, she a player. Player. I actually told myself like early on when I first started dating, for some reason in my head I was like, I Can not date a guy younger than me. Not even one month younger than me. That's so embarrassing. And Here I'm, Yeah, it was. Yeah. Had that work out for you? Still true statement. You know what? Right. Do you see, like, do you like when you first got out with him? Like, we like, 'cause I've, Her first thoughts were, he's amazing.


Okay. Like, were you like damn, like he's kind of immature or No, like, because I know That girls No, she thought, wow, he's amazing Than boys. Because like, it's harder for boys to like mature. Like they don't mature. Sorry. I'm right here. Yeah. Too. Are you sure? Boy, with that boys, that boy, I'm joking. I'm right here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna start barking at you if you continue. Okay. Surprisingly enough. I actually thought the opposite because contrary to belief, when Mav is not around all his people, he's very like his People. He's not a king. Yeah. I am a king. And you are my people. No. When he is like with other friend groups that are like not his best friends, he's more like mature and like, he talks about like, I don't know, politics.


Yeah. He likes To talk about politics and like research. You, Even when Harper's dad here and I Can talk to him. Yeah. That's how I talk to other people. Harper's dad and his brother was here. And man, dude, super. I felt immature, super smart, stupid. But like they were talking about software engineering and stuff and Matt was like, oh, so like the quantum theory of blah blah, blah. I was like, what are you, what the heck is happening right now? Yeah. No. As soon as my dad walked in my cash and Matt were like, and then they, they started like talking about math and stuff and I was like, what The, oh yeah. That's when I got lost too. I know. I was acting, I was acting like I wasn't. And then my Dad, my dad walked out and cash started doing his like weird voice that he does or that's his normal voice. But wait, he, Oh man.


What, what weird voice. You said that my lipstick was not So Oh, the Cartman Voice? No. So I wiped it all off for you. Okay. You did wipe it off. Looks better. Oh my God. I was joking joke. Okay. Okay. Lemme just tell you something though. Sorry I lost my voice 'cause I've been yelling. But I literally, I was getting ready in the dark and I put this lip liner on. That was way too dark. And it only looks good when I'm like full glam and stuff. And I've like been going for like this looking emo look recently and I look a little like emo like, well like, like dark. It Looks, wait, what were you gonna say about my voice? You said I was talking to my voice and then so she was just trying to be mean to you. I interrupted you. Yeah. I don't know. She didn't really have anywhere she was going. Just trying to be mean. Yeah. It's trying to get you back. Glad I could reciprocate.


No, but yeah, I was like, I just like can't believe like you're on the podcast now. It's crazy. Yeah, It is crazy. Very full circle. Yeah. I don't know why we let him on. No. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Spot permanently. Whoa. I would. Yeah. Whoa. But like that you guys, you kind of, you, you guys created this? I, you know, I used To watch girls talks. No, we're even 200 episodes deep. We can change this. Did you really? Were you like, wait, you what? What a freak. I swear we probably met each other like at music Believe events probably at playlist or something like five, six years ago. Because guys were like, do those like, like their traps? No, they would, they sure would. It worked too. Yeah. You people, right. Capri said he started with thirst traps too, Like spider. So I actually definitely knew who Capri was when and when he did the shooter shoot video, I was like, Oh my God.


Like I'm a fan of this kid. And like, gosh, oh Actually you already think, Oh my God, he was cute, thin you And then he Did that. Yeah, I've always like, I've been watched him for like, or looked at his stuff for like years. But yeah, he was a third star. Oh, a Stalker. And I used to think like, there's no chance. 'cause like I, We would like, we talked on Snapchat of course, and Guy was like, there's no chance. Like he's nonchalant. Like, I'm not gonna get along with him. He is like, he does not want me, I'm never gonna have him, like, never gonna get him What are doing. Everything was Stuck. Gosh. Whatcha you doing? Yeah, interrupting Her. Oh, thank you. Seriously. And then like, I met him and I was like, oh, he's not nonchalant. Like he's definitely not a nonchalant guy. So then we got together. Was he shy when he first met you? Yeah, we were pretty awkward with each other.


Like we were, I mean like he had his friends around him. Oh, okay. Like I was kind of awkward too. Like we're Talking about Capri, right? Yeah. Okay, Okay. Yeah. Was, but yeah, it was pretty cool. You know, when he showed up for the podcast, he just walked right in. Actually he didn't knock, he didn't even knock or anything. And there was a gate at the front of our house. I'm, so that means he walked through the gate and then also just opened the door and he was like standing right here. We were like, Oh my God. He didn't talk when he came in either. He just like said hi and then walked in, sat down. He, he's not a morning person. I'm gonna be so honest. I up Morning. It was 1:00 PM That What I'm saying, he's not a, I woke him up. So he's currently living at my house. So I, I wake him. Sorry. No, You're, that's why I wake him up.


Yeah. He was acting shy. I do everything. You wake him up at 1:00 PM No. Well, Okay. First of all, I, first of all, I like taking care of people. It's something I like to do. And like, I don't like waking people. Like he has no other reason. He gets all of his work done. He's one, he has a great work ethic. He helps alike sometimes. Sometimes, but like, you know, I, I don't like to just wake him up for no reason. 'cause he doesn't have to. He just graduated. He doesn't have to go to school anymore, man. What does that be? Nice? Yeah. Take notes. Kate. You act like y'all don't get to sleep in if we're filming till like one in the morning, they don't wake up till 11. He doesn't let me sleep, sleep in. If I'm laying in bed next to her and she's awake first she's like, catch, catch, catch. And I'm like, yes. She's like, I just want you to be awake with me. I'm like, great. That's Sweet though.


That's sweet though. But yeah, I let him sleep for as long as I Can and then I'll wake 'em up and then like, you know. Yeah I see stuff. But yeah. You know what Kenzie does? Kenzie goes, let's say we have to be somewhere at nine o'clock. Okay? That means Kenzie has to be up two hours beforehand. Yeah, maybe three. That's a normal day. So if we have to be there at nine or we're leaving the house at nine, she has to be up at seven. So for some reason that means I have to get out of bed at seven. Kate does the same thing she does. I take five minutes to get ready. Sleep. No, shut up. Up. Shut up. I stopped doing that. Literally your curling iron sounds like a lawnmower in the morning. I'm not kidding. She got the loudest thing ever. It's like ringing. I'm like whoa.


It's the Shark flex style. So it's like, Oh That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. I just heard that it gets me in my nightmares. What did you smart? No I did not. You Sure You know who farted the other day in the most inconvenient spot? Can you guess Farted Maverick? No, it was cash. Oh, of course we were on this ride that goes up and down. You're like strapped in and you go up and down in the same spot over and over. Okay. Yeah. And he farts and so we're just going through it over and over again. It was bad. It makes smell horrible. It was bad. The whole world goes through was like, oh yeah. And you can't leave because you're strapped in. You're like, Ooh, don't breathe. Goes Over.


That's bad. Yeah. I don't go to Santa Monica, Pierre. It's probably still there. The closeout ride now. So the gas leaked or something. Dude, we talked about this with the Caprice episode too, that rollercoaster. But I first rode the ride by myself 'cause everybody said it was a stupid ride. And then, and then I convinced the model to ride it. Yeah. And You almost killed us. Why? Toxic guesses. Guess So, hold on. You said you and Gavin got the same tattoo? Yeah. You and Gavin obviously dated tall. We've known Gavin for like, I don't know, also probably seven years. Seven, eight years. Six years. He was like, I, We always see the clip of him tall since he was like, Remember our song Tall? It's so funny. He was on stage singing. Oh, Y'all knew Gavin when he was this tall?


Yeah, he was small, but he was probably like, he's still pretty small. Still like 12. Yeah. I'm, no, I'm not kidding. When we first met Gavin, he's like this big baby. Yeah. He, he was small. He was small. I used A small, I used to be a little bit taller than him. And anytime I would stand next to I would to like hip, hip, you know, go on my hip. So I was like a little bit shorter. Shorter. Yeah. His hair was really tall too. It was like Very much Like he Was just a little kid. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's crazy to watch people like grow up. Especially people Seen Like, like on the internet, watching kids like grow up on the internet was a crazy thing. You know what's crazy? And then they Never get a break either. I don't think I've seen him since like six years ago at Playlist. And he was this big. Now he is like, he's got, he's like tatted up. Got, Yeah, I remember changed Blonde hair. Like, that's crazy because I see him online now and he looks so much older.


But at the time I remember like, this kid is so annoying at, he was like, he was like eight, I'm not even kidding. He was like eight. And he is like sitting next to on the bus and I guess he probably sounded like me, but he's like, hi poor. What is that? And now I look at him, I'm like, he's definitely not eight anymore. He probably is The lower voice than you Prob that, that's the sad part. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Yeah. He had the same voice on the bus that day. But I don't know about now. Yeah. What's, when are you gonna, when are you gonna go through puberty? Oh, I'm hitting the second one soon. The doctors say Okay. I hope At 25. Yeah. For some reason you're like really tall, but you haven't hit puberty. Yeah, I used all my puberty on the height. Right. Are you sure? I'm hoping so.


No, you're a lot taller than I thought. Like I was gonna like, Woo. It'd be bad if I was short and had this voice. Yeah, you would not. Yeah, that would be really. No. That's so bad. When I first met Cash and Kate, they, they were really tall and I was like four, six before I went on my growth hormones. And so I was like really? Like short. I think I was like even shorter than four six. And I saw them and they, they were like so tall. You Were literally like up to my belly button. It was insane. She was tight. No, she was short. Couldn't, that's when I like came out the, You couldn't see her in the restaurant 'cause she was so small then there's like a crowd of People. She was, it looked like she was under the tables. It was like, what the no. Like you, you couldn't see me at all. And like, that's like when I was like yelling at you online, you probably thought I was like a little taller, but no, it was just like this.


But You were literally like 80 pounds. Yeah. This little girl screaming at you. It's Like a little chihuahua. Wait, is that how tall you were when you called her out? Yes. You. Oh, I, that's so, so bad too. Like, imagine we box and I'm like, like I, I meet someone and I look tall. Like that is not how I know they're pretty short. 'cause like, I don't think I'm short, but like a lot of people, I'm like, oh, like, like supporters I meet. They're like, I thought you would be taller. Everyone. I know. That's what They Say. They're like, you be shorter. Maybe you this compliment. I don't know if it's compliment or not, but everybody, like literally if I go to like a get together or like party, the people come up and they're like, you're actually pretty in real life. Like, Oh, that's what They Say to me too. I'm like, oh, Know what that means?


Like, am I supposed to be happy about that? Like, what about wait? They're like, oh, you Actually, well, I mean, I guess it's better than me. Like, you know, you're actually ugly or it's, you look better on camera. I don't know why. It's weird. Do you like go out ever? Like do you go to parties and stuff a lot or do you like hang at home? No, I mean, I had a, a moment in my life. Like, I don know, I've been been through several eras and like, I guess one of the one was like, oh, like I had a, a boyfriend who had a lot of friends and we would like go like to his friends and stuff like that and go out and stuff like that. Yeah. But like, no, it's just like very much entertainment. If I had to go out really quickly for like, like I just went to the streamer prom. I was there for like an hour and a half and I was like, I gotta leave. I can't do this anymore. I got into an Uber, I left, I went home. So yeah, I'm, I don't really, I I'm more social on the camera.


Yeah. I think everybody is. But like I, I'm a little too open with it. Yeah, yeah. Sometimes I'm like, Okay. Yeah, me too. One time we filmed a TikTok. Nevermind. Actually no, but it is, go ahead. True. You're like that in person. I'll have friends that come over and they meet cash and they're like, ah. He's like really shy, isn't he? Yeah. People say that about me actually. He's like, what? What's is he okay? What's wrong with him? Is he Upset? I thought that too guys. I I was in here for five minutes. I was like, damn. They all act so different off camera. Like y'all. His voice is actually deep. Don't worry. Yes. It's all an act. I've been in voice acting for the last eight years and I'm succeeding. No, but off camera. I am more like, it's actually, he's like all business off camera.


No, no, no, no. He's playing a game. It depends who I'm talking to. There's either, there's two people in this world to me. There's people I want to talk to and the people I don't wanna talk to. And if I wanna talk to you, I'll be just as outgoing as I am right here, right now in the episode. But if I don't wanna talk to you, I'm not kidding. I'm about as quiet as anyone could be. I'm just like, It's like a rock. Like when I go get my hair cut, they always try to talk to me and I'm just like, or the dentist So bad couldn't see that. Like, how am I supposed to talk when you got like something in my mouth? Like, I'm like, what, what Exactly did like every time I get a haircut they try to talk to me and I'm just like, please just let me play my game on my phone. I don't wanna talk to you about your baby lady. Aw, Oh my God baby. No. What? Don't Say that.


That wasn't about our stylist. Just every stylist talks to me about their baby and that's all I go to the salon and all I hear about is they're Not about their baby. I bet you are gonna be a barber one day talking about your baby. Yeah, but the salons just drive me crazy. All I hear about is other men in their drama or babies. Why don't You just go to a barber? Well, I can't 'cause I gotta get my hair dyed. No barbers dye hair. Real Highlights. Yeah. But guys you don't risk it. Yeah. Guys don are better at dying hair. Yeah. Guys don't really dye their hair good. So every time I go, all I hear is like gossip all around the salon. And I'm just, I'm just gonna play classic cleanse now. Yeah. I feel, And sometimes we overshare with the hairstylist. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I think that's what they try to do with me. And I'm like, I don't have no to tell you about. My favorite thing is when My hairstylist, 'cause she like films her like when she does our hair, she like posts on TikTok and stuff.


My favorite thing is when I watch her walk over and move the tripod away so she can tell me something. She's Like, she's like, okay, I Can, you know, it's gonna be good. Oh, hairstylist now I like, 'cause she doesn't really talk to me much. But she loves talking to you. No, 'cause she Knows. Well yeah, she actually, she, after the first time she was like, yeah, cash. She doesn't talk very much. And I was like, yeah. And so she doesn't really try to talk to him. Well she watches this now she knows that Jen, You just don't wanna talk to her. Like about the babies? No. Great hairstylist. D's my hair. Perfect. I love talking to her. I feel like off camera I'm more like, like I'm still the same. I feel, I don't know. What do you say still go to public school like I Do. Is kind Of that hard for you to deal with? Like going to public school and also being so popular? Well, I, I mean, I wouldn't say I'm popular at school. Like, I'm not like in the popular group.


Everybody knows you, But everybody's like, oh, it's that what the Sigma girl? And I'm like, oh yeah, yeah, it's me. No. Hey guys. No. But like, I feel like before, like before everything started, it was definitely like the same as it is now. But now it's just like, people are more out to get you and people are more kind of just like trolling you and like, they're all like, oh, it's Harper's zone. Where instead of being like, oh it's Harper. Like, hey, you know? Like, I don't know. I never went to public school. Really? Oh My gosh. Do you wish you ever like would've or are you happy you didn't? Oh no, definitely don't wish I would've. Yeah. But yeah, no, I'm happy I didn't, I guess I did miss out on like, you know, some, you Know, some events but it's not Really that. Yeah. But like I got to experience proms and stuff like that.


And I guess like, that was like sweet. And were you Homeschooled or Did you do Yeah, I wasn't even homeschooled before I even started doing like any entertainment kind of things. 'cause I did pageants before and then I did like I was a dancer. Whatever. But yeah, That explains, That explains what? What are you saying? I don't know, I just wanted to start saying that to people when come. It sounds good though. How explains That? Explain. Yeah. It's like, make some second guess. Yeah. It's like, wait, what? Did that explain? Yeah, it worked. Good job. Good job. I'm gonna say it on every episode now. You Should. No. Like, especially like when somebody's like saying something random. Be like, that explains, that Explains. I like Cheerios that it's like, explains what?


Spaghetti. Oh. Just something I've been thinking about it. It all makes sense. No, I, yeah, that's perfect. I Can be like, that explains. And then they're like, what? I'm gonna, it's spaghetti You wouldn't understand. Perfect. I can't, no. Confusing. What was like your favorite video that you ever did growing up? Mm, I have so many. I loved, there was like two things. Like I did, I surprised like my friends with like a Hawaii trip and we all went to Hawaii together. Wow. That's so fun. Do that for us. Yeah. I, We got them like all like matching suitcases with like matching clothes in them. Oh, that's so sweet. Sweet. And like, it was so much fun. We went, we just had like, I mean I guess obviously there's always like a little bicker that happens between like the kids and everything like that. But like, that's just normal stuff and like, that's So real. Every trip there's always like some little, like, kids are just like scream when you're a teenager or like a kid traveling with a group of kids.


There's always like something, people are always fighting. Humans Are meant to argue. Yeah. That is like what we are doing. We're also meant to care for each other and yada yada yada. But again, like it, it's normal. It's just like the only thing You can control is, are you really trying For president? Oh my God. Seriously man. Besides the point. Yeah. That was one of my favorites. We just did it like we had a lot of fun and yeah, it was a good experience. We went twice with ano. We went with like a bigger group and then the second time was like a small group. That was like an easy, easy question. What's the worst video you've ever film? Hard. You're like, this sucked. Well, Like there's been a lot of videos where like, I mean like even like streams because I don't do YouTube anymore, but hopefully I go into it. There was just like a stream the other day. Like I was by myself.


'cause I don never wanna rely on someone to have to always stream with me. 'cause I just don't wanna have to do that. Yeah. And I was just like streaming by myself and I was like about to go to one of like, like a Capris graduation party and I was just doing it and I was just like feeling really like, not good. Like, I was just like not feeling myself. Like, I was like, I'm not doing well. I'm not interesting. I'm not talking about good things. Nobody cares, yada, yada yada. Like nauseous, No nauseous, no like in my head. Like, I was like, Piper shut up. Like anytime I would talk like to the chat, Oh my God. I would be like, oh cool, don't Piper, shut up. Don't nobody cares. Nobody. Oh, voices. So like yeah. The voices that explains. So like, I was like, I was like, just like, you know, I was just feeling it and I was just told my editor, I was like, you gotta turn it off. I can't, you gotta turn it off. So I just like cut it off and I just like had a little bri you know, little crash out.


Yeah, because like, it just like happens. It happens. And like, unfortunately days, you know, you kind of have to just, Kate And I have crash outs. We have those often. No, not just us. Everybody has a crash out. There are some shoots you finish and everyone's just irritated. Everyone. So mad people Are Yeah, there's been, there's been podcasts we shoot where Harper's just watching me mad. Like after the episode we're like, oh, It's real bad. I I I don't think I've ever gone in a fight with like y'all or anything. No, But you've watched all of us fight. Yeah. Yeah. I'm too scared. Get in a fight with y'all. I feel like we Would lose everything. I'd win. Yeah, for sure. But like, Just know that. Yeah, Harper, I don't wanna say this much. That's the like funniest like little line of the whole thing.


Like why am I so cringey? Or I didn't wanna have to do, I didn't wanna have to do this. But this one was easy. Thank God If it makes you feel better, it wasn't you doing it, it was everyone telling you what to do. Maybe y'all should like one V one and something else. Like arm wrestle or basketball arm wrestle. Sumo wrestle. What? That's basically wrestling. Like that's basically like, I feel Like they could arm wrestle. I really wanna see. Or like That's a good one. Let me get a table. Okay. It's not necessary. Table. My hands are like sweaty and gross right now. Oh, Mine are too. Don't worry. Okay. I have claimy hands also. Oh, that works. Yeah. Okay. New man. New.


This is like You just randomly got, the only reason you gonna eat that table is for the cookie. Yeah. He, I'm gonna gonna lie, I probably should say this off camera, but I'm gonna say it on camera. You've been one of the best guests we've had. Yeah. Oh my God. I was actually thinking that. No hate to the other guests. Yeah. Best. No. Hey, Capri. We were not no hate, but she is very good. Very talkative. You're good for Talking? Yeah. Too much. Too much? No, you said this is your first podcast. Usually We have to like drag it out of people to start talking just because they're not comfortable. No, you're dragging out of us now. You're so Easy to talk to. I felt like I was being interviewed. Do you want a cookie? You Can finish that one. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay.


The battle is ready. Oh my gosh. Oh my God. Is this the real like, Wait here, sit right there, Piper. Okay, move your feet. Oh, sorry. Be respectful. Oh my God. Oh, look, how, how We'll probably ever get Fighting. I'm so jealous. Oh gosh. Oh my God. Is this mic still plugged in? Or did I unplug it? No, it's good. Hello? Hello. Hello. Okay. Hello. Okay. Oh My. Okay. All the show down. Here we go. Let's do this. All right. 3, 3, 2, 1. Okay. Oh, they're, and they're going. Oh my gosh. Oh My God. They're shaking. They're both like, so finding it. Oh, you were trying. Oh, unexpected.


Best three. Best outta three. Okay. Okay. Unexpected. Okay. Wait, are you right handed? Yeah. Then no excuse. I guess that's me. 3, 2, 1. Oh oh oh. Oh My God. 10 are hot. Oh my God. Oh my God. It's tied. Oh No, it's Bad. Okay, for The last round, should we do her left arm? Oh, Oh yeah. That's a good Idea. Okay. Okay. Oh, oh no. 3, 3, 2. Oh my God. One. Gosh. Oh, you just got smoke. Slow key. Really Strong. That's why I said that. Wow. That wasn't fair. Do the right one more time. Okay. That that was good. Yeah. You can't do the, but why is that? So I don know. It's my bad arm too, but 3, 2, 1, go.


Oh my gosh. I feel dang. I mean, and she's only 14. I mean, that's crazy. Isn't That so weird? Isn't that so weird how I wrote that song? Or not wrote? I didn't write it, but like when I sung it when I was 14 and now I'm 16. That's crazy. I'm only 16. Doesn't hit it on March 20th. March 20th. Yeah. Oh my gosh. If we're on tour and she's like singing it, she's gonna be like, I, Yeah, just it every time. Unfortunately you can't change the lyrics. Just like, she's like, just 10 years from now she's like, I'm only 24. We're like, Like girl, what? Does it bother you if you hear the song now? Or are you just like, oh No, I mean I think it's, I yeah, No.


So say we were to go on tour and like sing it at the stages. Would that like, you know, make you be socially acceptable or, Yeah, I would love to like, see, hear all the like, you know, your guys' supporters be like, pepper Would you like You should have like little signs of like, you know, like my face and like put like Xs over and like make it a whole thing. I'm telling you make it a whole thing. I'm not. I'm being so, and then maybe like for one tour, if you guys are over here, like I Can come out and like Singing It. You should. Would You come to our LA Show? Oh my God, absolutely. If I was Crazy. Come buy tickets to the LA show. The Podcast dot net. Possibly a feature we met, We've been talking about like potential people that, 'cause everyone's in LA it's easier to get people in LA than like every other city.


So LA we're very, very excited for, That's Most the reason why People live here. I don't think this spray happened, but I want the song to come on. And everyone think it's Harper, but it's you. No, don't spoil it. You're gonna spoil it. It's probably not gonna happen. And then it's a remix and it's you singing it. Bummer. Crazy. That could be good. I think like, there's so many good possibilities with everything and this is just the beginning for everyone. Yeah. You know? So Do you speak so like poetically, like, I'm like, you're right. This is just the beginning. It's just think about this like in a few years you're gonna be like, oh, like remember when we're doing our, The Podcast, but now you have like a whole show or whatever. True. Maybe I'll have two podcasts or, Or none. We already tried.


Maybe We completely fell off the internet and everything crashed and burned. And now you're working in nine to five. AI took over the world and took over our podcast. No seriously. Guy. Or that bomb's gonna come to us. There's no Bomb. We're not getting bombs. That's so Scary. It's so scary. That's why TikTok is so bad. They use like AI to make like New York look like it's blowing up. I'm like, it's really bad. I'm like, I wanna do something to help. Like I, I don't know what to help, help Ai How to stop Ai. No, no, no, no. Like Help AI In general. Like, I wanna be like, oh yeah, we're protected. 'cause I'm a part of it, but I can't be a part of it. Like how do I be a part of it? I don't Know how. Unfortunately I'm not stopping a bomb. Right. Unfortunately Parker's like, I really would like to, but I don't know How. I don't know how I Can You just put your body over it and it was a bomb.


A Grenade. Maybe not a nuke. Harper's just go boom. Harper's like, don't worry. I got it. Wait, do you guys watch the the, that thing it's a AI generated like gorilla? Yes. Gorilla. Oh, oh. The like I think it's Bigfoot. Is it Big? Yeah. Foot. I love that guy so much. I saw him do a brand deal away. I was scrolling through Instagram and he was doing a paid promotion. He's like, what's up guys? This is the best news. I was like, Out in the woods today. Like, damn. He, he actually makes me feel like, like, okay. Like if feel comfortable game when I him, If I was in the woods and I saw him, I'd feel comfortable. Seriously If somebody who just has an account and it's only AI generated Stuff. Yeah, yeah. And he got a brand deal.


Somebody's gotta show her. Oh my God, You, I've never seen the Bigfoot Grill. No, I've Never seen it. That's crazy. AI influencers are the next thing. Yeah. We're we're old news unfortunately. That's so Sad. Yeah. But the people that are making these AI things have to make ai. 'cause you know, they weren't creative enough to come up with stuff on their own. So there is hope that we stay creative enough to stay Relevant. I didn't understand anything you just said. Yeah, I'm not, what Did you say? I think that AI will help in us. Like I think AI eventually will be able to edit everything and like post stuff just for you in general. Like how there's girls on Instagram now that are completely AI and they'll have like 80,000 followers. It's weird. Yeah. Like that's scary to think that like those people are just like, well he's literally probably just like some random man behind his computer.


Like generate a photo of pretty blonde girl with fireworks behind her for 4th of July. Yeah. And he caption says something weird, like how I love my sweet land freedom. So I shouldn't be doing that. No. Okay. No, you're probably liking it. You're probably like, oh damn, she bad. No, I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm Joking. I got got by an AI girl. I was like, because she on my, she's so she was on my feed and I like clicked on her profile. I was like, I've never seen this girl before. And I'm scrolling and cass's like, what are you doing? And I was like, oh, this girl's just like so pretty. I've never seen her before. And he was like, no way. And she goes, ai. And I was like, that's a robot. That's not even a real person. You got got two though. Me. You showed me, you said I did actually that same exact account. I was scrolling and that account popped up and I thought it was a real person until I saw the profile picture and I remember it was the same account.


And I was like, yeah, dang. And she Had like 80,000 followers by that point. It was crazy. That's Weird. Yeah. It's insane. Insane. Would you guys ever like go back and like not do what you guys are doing now? Like would you ever like switch for another life? Like not go on the internet? I don't know. I mean, I'd definitely go back. She's talking to me. Oh yeah, sorry. But You can talk now. Well, I was just say I go back and I'd probably invest in crypto. I'd probably do that. Yeah. You not social media if you had another chance, Not do social media. No, not into that. What's it gonna say? I don't know. I feel like, I feel like I was thinking about it like last night.


Like there's so many ups and downs of like social media and stuff. Like, like the kids' choice of awards last night. Like that's like a once in a lifetime type of thing You can do being an influencer and stuff. Not once. I think Jordan matters gotten it like five times, so I know, I know that. But like, but like, no, it's Just like, yeah, Sabrina Carpenter got accepted for to war and she was like, I have like five of these now. I'm like, I know. I was like, wow. Gimme one. No, Shely got a flex on it. Okay. And she literally just sent in a video like, yeah, I got five of these. She was like, thank you, Thank you so much. Aww. Yeah. Was bad. That Was bad. But yeah, no, I don't know. I, I mean, I really like, I've always wanted to be like, like viral or something like that. And yeah. And it's finally happening and like, of course it's gonna come with bad things, but like, I feel like it's a lot of fun, you know?


Yeah. It's just The beginning. It's just, just Beginning. You've got used to go really? No, It sounds way better when she says it. Dad explains. Okay. Say explain. She's more encourag. I won't say that anymore. She's way more encourag. What would you, would you go back and switch anything? Definitely not. I feel like, I don't wanna say I feel like I was born to this, but I do feel like I, there's not much else I could do. You know? I could, I'm totally available to do any job of any kind. Yeah. But like this right here, like I feel like I have such a big opportunity to actually do something. Yeah. Yeah. Dang. Every time she answers so well. Oh my God. I know. It's just over there. Like, Oh my God. Oh my God. Life's a tree and I climb it one branch at a time.


Okay. Like, what's a better question? What do you think about the state of the economy? Listen, listen, listen. I don't think I would've been like this if my life didn't go the way it did. Because if I was going the way that I was and being so successful, just constantly pushing out content, constantly. I'm gonna say it, making tons of money at a young age. It wouldn't have, it wouldn't have how Much we talking, I probably wouldn't have come to the person I am. So that just again, if you guys are at a low right now, it just gives you so much more hope to keep going because maybe it won't. Thank you. It will. It will, it will, it will pay off. And it might not pay off in the way that you're seeing it, like with the car or a new house, but it will pay off as the human you are for the others around you.


Yeah. You know what I mean? At the end of the day, you wanna have a family or do you wanna have a nice house that's empty, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I like shot Up. Shut up. I didn't even say anything. No. But I like knew whatever you were gonna say is just gonna be stupid. So stop. I just won't even say it then. Yeah, no, don't say it. It's Getty. You won't understand. Okay. Man. Answer something else. Poetically. I don't know. Somebody ask her a question. I don't mean a question. I don't. Okay. Good job guys. Good job guys. It, it's coming. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Where do you guys see yourself in five years? That's A good one. Where do you see yourself in five years? Oh, I don't wanna think about five years from Now. That's so sad. Yeah. I mean, you'll, you're good kids. You'll be 30. I would not think, oh my Gosh.


Thirties. You thrive in your thirties. That's when you're supposed to realize everything and like, be at your most zen. So don't be scared of it. I don Yeah, she's, she's, she's giving that poetic answer again, but We're not on tour. Love you guys. But hopefully in five years we're not on tour. And me andm actually have kids, so hopefully Why not on tour? Wait, why not on tour? Kidding kids On tour sounds so terrible. Oh, but maybe your kids would wanna be on tour and like go be s older. My kids won't have brains when they're newborns. Like, not like they Cannot. Oh, so you just don't wanna travel with a baby. No. Yeah. Airport baby. Yeah, That does not sound Funny. Brian. I always get sit next to one. So where do you wanna be in five years? I don't know. I think I'm about to be 18, like super soon in a few months.


And I think that my life can go so many different directions and this is like world is the my oyster right now. So I really can just like, The world is my oyster. That's real. Is it? Is That You don't even know what an oyster is. No, I don but it's real. Is that, Is that okay? I don know, but I hope to kind of, I really want, I really wanna try to act. I really wanna try be in the show. I'm Sorry. You should. I really think that that would be great. I also, I have like a, you know, opportunities to start singing again because you are anma. I actually said somewhere on my camera. Yeah. When I was walking in. I hope you sing for me. Oh Gosh. No.


'cause you are a good singers. Yes, she is. So if you ever feel like, if you just wanna bust out singing, I would, I would totally be down. Oh, not me, but I would wanna watch you and then No, I don wanna ing with you. Yeah. So like singing, just like, again, trying Just to, Do you ever send in like self tapes or anything for acting? I have sent in a total of like, probably seven, but I just did wrote like one recently and I always forget how much I love doing them. Yeah. Like, I'm always like, oh, I don't wanna be an actor, but then I like do the self tape. I'm like, damn heck, this could be a life. See I be opposite. I'm like, acting would be cool. And then they gimme a script and I'm like, ugh, there's so much reading. I don Know. I, I would think acting would be so fun, honestly. Yeah. I think like, I mean, I think it just like a really, it's an exciting thing.


Yeah. And I love the, like young actors who just like, they post one TikTok, it goes like viral, but like, they work so hard for like a movie and I just think it's so cool. Yeah. I just couldn't, they would gimme the scripts. I'd be like, how about you just let me freestyle for a second, see if y'all like what I put out There. That is the problem. I was doing the cell tape and my, the person helping me was like, okay, you're not sticking to the script, you're adding. I feel like every time they'd be like, okay, so that's not what the script said. Like What I'm saying is better. I'm telling You're like a better storyline. It's, it's gonna be memorable. Lemme Tell you. Hey, I feel that there was a, there was a, one of the actors in Breaking Bad did like a TikTok behind the scenes where, and he's just supposed to be on the phone with the guy. He's like, I'm gonna do this scene without reading any of my lines. Guy goes, they're like, action. And he's like, he picks up the phone and the dude's like, where is it?


He's like, you know where it's from? He's just like, he literally did it perfectly without even reading the script. I feel like that's you. No, I feel like if I was acting, they'd be like, that's not what the script is. Kes, you're not the main character. But wouldn't it be better if I was, you know, if I some more Like that extra in the back, doing extra. Like You see that extra In the back. Like he like doesn't have a line at all, but then somehow manages to get little upset. Yeah. I don think it'd be better if I had a little bit more of lines in the script. Matt, where are you gonna be in five years? In five years, honestly, I'll probably be producing YouTube content at some, either for us or for somebody else. Do You ever wanna become like a bigger kind of director?


Because what you guys do right now is Basically like, no, You guys gotta get everything set up and Like, I would never want to direct like a movie. That'd sounds, sounds stressful. Guys see a director on set, man, they're like, pull out their hair. No, when I was on, when I was on set for my movie, the director, he, he was stressed like every single day. Talk About your movie. I would love to hear My movie. Yeah. Or talk about the movie you're talking about. Oh, I was in a Nickelodeon Paramount movie and it was like my first ever like thing, so I was like really nervous to be in it, but it was a lot of fun. And I was up in Canada for about like a month and a half. So sweet. It was so cool. And me and my mom saw whales and stuff like that, so it was really fun. Whales. Yeah. That's so sweet. And it was just like cool to see like, That made like the, the recap of like, we like Yeah, it was in a movie.


Yeah. We saw whales. Why we were there. I Mean, no, like the wheels The wheels were cool and stuff, but Like, then we did the movie thing. I, We did a movie thing on the side while we, we saw Whales, but we saw movies too and all that. No, but the movie was really cool. It was just like fun to be in a different body than you are. Like acting as the character. My character's name was Lex, so it was just cool to be Lex like all day, every day. How was she different from you? She's, she's more of a tomboy. Okay. And I feel like I'm definitely more of a tomboy After what? It's just crazy. I you, I feel good. I mean, throw LOL Podcast. I'm about to give up my seat. Okay. Because I shouldn't be here. I know. I don't even know. I Dang. And I'm like answering to this. I'm like, oh yeah, no.


But yeah, Lex was like more of a tomboy and she was like less of a scaredy cat. But like in the movie it's kind of, she like shows that she's kind of more scared, but she's like scared to admit that she's scared. I don't really know. Cute. That's Scary. That's cute. It's fun. It was a lot of fun. That's cute. I like it. You ever been in a movie? No, not yet. Oh, I bet you lo. Yeah, I hope so. I hope so. I mean, I'm down to do it. You Have a bright future. Yeah. You really do. Thanks. Thanks. Was that your attempt at like you have a bright future? Bright future? Yeah. And you have a bright woman. Ladies. I tried really Hard. I know. Every time we do it, it just sounds dumb. You know? You're doing A good job. See She's just like, we're just like too unserious.


Like if we're like, no, I like try to like smile, like have a little smirk it. You have a bright future. Yeah. Literally we were like, why did you say that Harper? Why would you ever say that? It, I Feel like she was even good with her words whenever we were pranking her. Because as Kate was being really rude to her, she was like, oh yeah, you're right. I probably would look better in this. Do you read a lot? Guess what, even bright? No, really? I heard readers speak good. No, I'm actually severely dyslexic. Like same, It's no you're not. Sometimes I don't even know what that says. For real. Like Yeah, sometimes I think it's a big H. Oh, Okay. Yeah, that was, Look at it. Y'all don't see that. No. So you're, it's Not, but like, when I was younger, like especially being homeschooled, like, and if I, I know like if I went to public school it would've been difficult for me because they don't really take the time to make sure every kid is doing well.


So like I know that it would've been difficult 'cause it was a struggle to like, you know, figure out. And it's still a struggle day to day, you know what I mean? But when I was younger, actually I wasn't in a movie, but I, when I first came out to la I did like a short, I don it was just, I don't even wanna say their name 'cause there's just doesn't matter. But like, they did like short little episodes of stuff and it was called Manny. And like I would read scripts. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would read scripts and stuff like that. And I like, that's how, like, that was, that's what really helped me. Like lock in reading, like was reading all like the scripts and stuff like that. So like, I guess I got a hold in, like a good place in. Yeah. I still can't read very well. Yeah. It's Okay. Yeah. You know, I think You got a bright future. We, It even just sounded better when she said it seriously.


Like, I believed it now. I was like, maybe I Can read one day. She, yeah. And she just says the stuff off her, like she's just mid-sentence and says it. She's just like, humility will open many doors for you. This's. Stop talking about me. You Guys, it like, you know those things like you put your hand on and like, you grab it at like the arcade, a door handle. It tells you what you No, not, it's a fortune tell. Yeah. And it's like the fortune things like rubbing the ball. It's like, Ooh, you bright. Future silly. Yeah. You should do IRL one of those. Yeah. I wanna get into like a motivationally speaking. I've been to a few seminars so far, but like, you know, I think that I could do that on the side. You Could, you're motivational. I hope So.


I'm like already motivated The gym after this. I'm No, no, no. Wait up. Wait, I, I'm actually going now. She's Just shredded like, hey, No, but it's only her left arm. I'm Like, Why would Harper be the type of person to actually only work out one arm on accident? Like, she's just like, look that jack damn. We're like, what about that arm? She's like, you know Ms, I kind of forgot about this one. No, that's so real. I feel like I'm always like so focused on one thing that I can't like ever do the other thing, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I feel, I Feel that that's me trying to be motivational. It's good. No, it's, it's real.


It, people watching this are gonna be like, I understand what Harper just said, that that's how I feel sometimes. It's just so, it's so different for us. 'cause nothing on this podcast is ever like really serious. No, it's, it is bad sometimes. I mean, we, we don't really think before we speak here. Like I was trying to be like sad one time and I just couldn't, it was just really bad. That's why. Were you trying to be sad? Oh no, I wasn't trying to be sad. I was like, I was like talking about my mental health and cash is like, you see demons. Oh my God, no. Kate got so mad at me one time. Harper was like, so I hear voices. I'm like, what voices? Because, And I yelled at him because he literally does this stupid thing with his voice where he's like, what can't, like he talks to like apartment from South Park. And the way he said it, I knew he wasn't being genuine, so I yelled at him.


Ooh, Yeah, yeah. Damn. And I got smacked. It's Okay. But you also had a toilet seat around your head. While I was talking to, I did cheat. I had a toilet seat around my head. I was like, Still, you hear voices mean. What About I, I I would love to see that comment section. People are probably like lagging. Yeah, I actually know, I think they were actually kinda mad at Kate for hitting me. They Were because the, the comments couldn't tell that he was joking, but like obviously I'm with him all day every day. I could tell No I was serious. And so I was like, he was asking just stupid questions and like heart Real questions. I was trying to get clarity and Kate was hated on me. That See, that's exactly what I was saying. He had that stupid little voice and he was like, First of all, that's my real voice, not my stupid little voice.


There's different, there's, that was your stupid little voice where you were like, oh, put me on such a Big, I do it all the time. Honestly, like Kenzie today, we were saying how she should not drive because we want to live and we value our lives. That voice. Yeah. It was that one I wanted naturally happens How we leave and we don't want, And then we drive to go eat. And Kenzie almost has a car that hits us because she turned in the wrong way. Did you hear That? The car almost hit Us because you turned the wrong way. Not hit the car. Your future is not gonna be bright if you keep turning in the wrong lane. Kinzie. Okay. Oh Yes, it would follow the light And then you get outta the car because we've been hating on Kinzie's driving and she's always like My jacket's fast. Do You have your permit yet? Oh, I have my license. You have your license?


She her license before I do. Wait, you don't have your license? I know, but so I don't, I I wanna get a Georgia license. Your, has your princess A Georgia license? Yeah. Yeah. So I, I grew, I grew up in Georgia, so I would like to get a Georgia license. I don't want a California one. What's the point in that? Well, because I just wanna, I would rather have that than a California license for some reason. I don't know. It's just like a thing that, like, it makes me feel better about my life. I don't know. But like, if I couldn't, Don't you have to move to Georgia? No. You can have a li like a Georgia license. I have family in Georgia still. So you Need use their address. Wait, I wanna, I want, I want an Oklahoma licensed mom. Yeah. I didn't realize he had options. They're not cute. I want a Hawaii one. That way I Can look like, what's that guy, Maui? No, No. On all, all the shirts.


The famous license guy. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what's his name. I don Know. Okay. All right. Keep going, Piper. Yeah, so, but basically I was taking driving license, but then I learned that I would have to like, like do like 30 hours and I was like, damn, you know, I'm just gonna wait until I'm 18 so I'm gonna just like, 'cause I, you know, I don't, I didn't go to public school, so like driving Ed wasn't like a part of like homeschool, you know what I mean? I mean, probably in some other programs but not mine. But yeah. So I'm just like, I'll just wait until I'm 18. Capri also doesn't have his license so he, we our drug harless all the time. So it's, Wait, how does he get here from Vegas? He flies. Well, you know, he drives but he always usually has a over 18 person in the car.


Yeah. Make love in, that's thing. I Was gonna say that, but I didn't want people to think I was weird. Yeah. Make love papa up a picture of Mc Lu and Id. That's what I'm trying to get outta all names. You picked Mc. I'm gonna go to Hawaii and get that license. Okay. So wait, are you 18 Fired? It's Got a rainbow almost August 21st. I'll be 18. Oh, okay. Yeah. So wait, so 18, are you moving out? What are you doing? Definitely not 18, I feel like is, it's a year. So many things that can happen. 17 right now. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So Yes, yes, yes. There's so many things that can happen. I definitely wanna stay with my family for as long as I possibly can. Yeah. And I'm always, they're always gonna be close to me. I feel like there's just no way that I Can have them be close to me. Yeah. That's how, Obviously. Yeah. I bought, we literally bought a house three minutes away from my parents 'cause I was like, I can't leave my dad.


Yeah. Have to have them because sister, I unfortunately, I, I spent a little bit too much time here before I had time to like, say goodbye to my grandpa. And I hold that against myself a lot. I'm always like, this is like, I definitely focused on work more than going home and seeing my family as much as I could. And I lost the opportunity to say goodbye and stuff. Yeah. Okay. So when I found out that he was passing, you know, he was already mostly gone before I could get there. 'cause I was just constantly working and constantly. But he loved what I did and stuff like that. He was just my number one supporter always. But I just wanna try to keep him as close as I possibly can. Yeah. As I, you know. Yeah. Do you ever see yourself moving back to Georgia? Definitely not in Georgia. I wanted to live in South Carolina for a really long time.


Okay. I love it there. So I, I wanna have, you know, this is like definitely a little too much to ask, but like a little like multiple, you know, homes, places, and again some sort of animal rescue. 'cause I'd love that. That would probably be my number one priority is getting some sort of warehouse that I Can have like, you know, a license to do rescuing and stuff like that. That's, You gotta have a license for that. Yeah. Well we haven't talked about that for the, that's interesting for the audience yet. Piper has, can I say what's in your front yard? Oh, what's in my front yard? A sign? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh. So yeah, so I haven't seen it. We foster a lot of cats and we have a lot of like, you know, kittens that we foster. So we thought a really great way to like promote it would be like a sign. So when people pass by our house, you see like a sign. It's like adopt a kitten and then you call and like, Hey, it actually, I think it works because when we were driving by, 'cause we got, we accidentally booked an Airbnb like right down the street from her.


And we didn't realize it. We had no idea. That's, and before we realized it was your place, we were driving down, just go get breakfast the other day. And I saw the sign and it said Adopt a and I couldn't read it and I thought it was gonna be dogs 'cause I'm allergic to cats. So I was like, oh my gosh, if is it a dog I wanna go see? And then I saw it was cats, but I was like, oh, cats. That's cute. Can't have a cat. But like, you know, I think it works for people that can have cats. Yeah. That's, that's Interesting. You gotta have a license for it. Yeah. Well I mean like, you gotta, there's a lot of, I mean especially like here the rules or like Yeah. It's, you know, it's illegal to have like, like it's, it's, you gotta like keep it, you know? I Bet you Yeah, no, I say it's interesting because I, I used to sell a dogs but I didn't have a license. Well, You were in Oklahoma. Yeah. Things are in like a, it's a More lawless State. The labor laws here are so much different than like Anywhere else.


I, there's labor laws, it's a cat. No, I'm just this life, I just saying in general, Just laws here. Yeah. Laws, laws here are like so bad. Bet restrictions on like how many animals You can technically have in your house and the city And like Oh absolutely. And but if you have like a license, it's a lot easier to like get help. You get like help from people. People donate. Yeah. You know, it's just a lot easier. And that's a big part of the life that I don't share a lot of the time because you don't need to put everything on the internet. Yeah. But You just did Understood the good parts about it. There's also bad parts, you know, there's parts where I'm like, like there was, you know, there's been several times where we get a litter of kittens and we lose almost every single one of the kittens except for one. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. And it's like you get so attached to that one kitten, but then someone comes along and they're like, I want that one.


And we're like, okay. We adopt them out. Yeah. So yeah, That's like the point though is to like foster them so that they can't, 'cause you can't rescue every single kitten in the city of Los Angeles. So like It'd be an interesting try though to do that Mean Yeah, we try don't, He's trying to be inspirational. No, I wasn't. I just thought it'd be a cool YouTube video. It's such a no thing. Today we're gonna be adopting all the kittens in Los Angeles. That would be, that would be a messy sight to see for sure. All poop. Every, yeah. She's Like poop and like cats because she's like dead on the floor. Like, she's like, Matt's so allergic to me. Yeah. Sometimes we walk into someone's house that just had a cat and his eyes starts throwing. He's like, do you guys, do you guys have cats?


Yeah. If I get too Close you'll probably like get the, I'll Die. My sister, My sister brought a cat home. You're gonna think this is so mean Piper, but oh it's okay. But promise to take care of their cat. My sister brought a cat home and my dad hates the cat. Okay. And I brought Mav over for the first time and I was like, Hey, he like, he really can't do like the cat here and stuff. My dad was like, no worries. And he just takes the cat and he is tosses out the door and he is like, perfect, no more cat. And I was like, dad, you can't do that. He brought it back in after Mav left. I love watching those tiktoks. It's like the dad that didn't want the cat. And it's like the dad like, like snuggling on the cat. Right? They're like, I understand That's him with our dog. He like, No, it's not me with the dog. I don don't like the dog. It's, oh, we've seen you with the dog. Yeah. No. Yeah. Cash cuddles the dog, like his life depends on it.


No, I don't. He's Like, oh honey, Okay. For sure. The dog's name is honey, so I don't just call it that. Okay. But like look like that, like, he's like, oh come here. Yeah. He loves the dog. The boyfriend that didn't want the dog. Yeah. No, I didn't want a dog. I have, I have a dog. I, but she's kind of, kind of rude, but it's okay. Oh My gosh. Does she ever like a pug? Well, no pug Frank. He's good. He's, he's sweet guy. But I went to The Bahamas about a year ago and I, unfortunately I went like in The Bahamas. Like we were deep into it and I saw all the stray dogs and how they treat them. And one followed me home. And then the next day I brought it home with me. Of Course. From The Bahamas? Yes.


From the place. Dang you imported a dog. And I put like, so you had to like, again, you have to like get everything like heard papers and everything like that. So I let, I was in The Bahamas for like a week or so. So she was, stayed at a vet for most of the time and I would go visit her every day. But I had to fly her like under the plane. And we had a layover in Seattle. So we get to Seattle and I'm like stressing out about this dog. And I'm like, where, where is she at? I the flight. I'm like, where's my dog? Where's my dog? And we got off the plane and then they were like, we, you guys can't go anywhere because your dog has pooped all over the place. And I was like, because it was so scared. And I go look in the cage and it's a big cage. She's a big dog and there's just Diarrhea everywhere. Oh. So we had to do thing.


Was she sick? She was just scared. It was probably, she was scared and it was raining and they left her outside and the poop and rain kind of made, you know, soup. Oh. So yeah, we Went in The public place. They left the dog outside. I guess like transporting it into the other plane. 'cause I was about to get on the other plane to go like to come here. And that's when they told me, your dog is, she can't go on this plane. And I mean, wash out the cage real quick and it'll be fun. Yeah. So that's what we did. We were in Seattle and then we had to drive from Seattle back to here. It was like a 19 hour drive. But one of the best things ever. I always say that that trip is going to be like the moments. Yeah. Like before I passed, like that trip is gonna like play because it was like one of the best trips ever. Like we had a dog, we had a cat too. We brought a cat home. His name is Jerry. So yeah, we go to The Bahamas and taking them, man it Was bad.


The, the animal, like the animal problem, like with all of like different countries. I know like the rules are a lot different, but like, it's crazy. And they're, so my dog's name is pot cake. And then that's what they call them there. Pot. They call them pot cakes. Like pot cakes. Because the dogs there, they eat like the cake dove stuff. The bottom of the pots. Like I thought you were about to say they eat dogs. Oh they probably, they call all dogs pot cakes. Yeah. They're like, if you go down the street, like they'll be like, Hey, it's a pot cake. It's a pot cake. But I was watching this man do terrible things to this, the dog that was following me, like they would, he, she was hitting him and I was going up to them and my mom was like, you have to stop. You're gonna get hurt. Because I was like, Come on me, Come at me. Like, because he was beating up this dog and I was like, stop. Yeah, it was bad. I don't know. It was bad.


I don know What I, that's so sad. So you wait, you still have the dog and the Cat from that trip? Yes I do. Oh Yeah. You're like the el chappo of dogs just important. 'em men. Are you trying to be motivational again? How is El Chappo motivational? I guess so if that's motivational. I'm motivated. Yeah, I'm motivated. I wanna start trying to smuggle some dogs. That's awesome. You guys have done that. How many cats and or I think it's just cats. You don't really do dogs. How many cats have you guys fostered and then gotten adopted? I feel like successfully fostered, like brought back to health, adopted out. We've probably done at least 300. Like Oh my God. Yeah. Like, like successfully. And we still like, we keep a very close relationship with everybody.


Sorry, I got friends. We can have a very close connection with like all of them so we can like check on the cats. Yeah. And there's been some instances, 'cause we always say like, if you were to give this cat to somewhere, please bring it back here. Don't go anywhere else. And you know, sometimes cats have had to come back and stuff like that and they get adopted again. Which I think is cute as well because like, you know, they come back to their normal home after going to another home and they go to another one. Like Going on a little vacation. Yeah. There's like a little bit of everywhere and still like a cat, like cats that we adopt out. They come back to like pet sit sometimes and you know. Yeah. It's always fun. It's always a, it's a great thing. And you know, I love, I love it. I feel like you don't really have like personal cats. I feel like it's like if somebody wants to adopt them, you probably just Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have a lot of fosters.


We have a lot of, we have, we have personal cats too, but like everyone, you know, they're all named. They're, we. It's, it's our, it's literally my second business. I call it my second job. Like I wake up, that's my first job. This is my second job that I'm doing right now. That's cool. Gonna go home, do my second, like first job, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's a job. It's not like it sounds, sounds like you're passionate about it too. Yeah. Love The cats. That's good. Yeah. Would you ever like start like doing that with dogs too, if you like, were able to accommodate For them. Yeah. But dogs and cats, it's kind of hard to like do at the same time because they eat Each other. Yeah. Possibly. I don't trust my dog from The Bahamas with any cat. Like Oh really? Cats. Like I make her, I you keep it separated. Well she stays in my room so she like, she like my bed is her bed basically. So Yeah, I, Yeah, I think if I have a warehouse I Can have, you know, a section for dogs and stuff like That.


That's true. We one time had a dog and a duck. Yeah. They don't combine well either, but we learned that, so we put it in a cage and then the dog actually ended up protecting the ducks from coyotes. Oh, that sounds like an experiment. Experiment. Oh, Inspirational. That's very nice. How did you, wait, did you leave the duck outside for the coyote to go come and get what? I don't But it was like in, it was a childhood and Error situation. Okay. Okay. You know, I, We end up, after everything's said and done, we figured out ducks in cage dog outside a cage and the, the dogs would protect the ducks. That's very cute. That's very cute. That's something that you would see on like Instagram reels or something. It'd be like, or like a Children's book.


Yeah. Like The dog that protects the duck. And then become, we Had the dog that protects the Duck had, we had, we had, so we, we adopted a lot of dogs at one point. We had like 12. Aw Well they lived on like 20 acres in Oklahoma. Yeah. So they had land And it wasn't like we really chose to adopt. I mean we chose, I guess, but we lived out in the country and people would just come when they were done with their dogs to come drop it off out in the country. Wow. And it would just, you'd find them skinny or hungry or whatever, you know. And so they'd wander up and it'd be like, okay, well I guess we'll feed it. 'cause it's, I mean my parents didn't want us to keep it though, but we were like, you're mine now. Yeah. And then we, and then we would feed it and then it would stick around. And then my parents didn't really have an option so we just kept feeding it.


Yeah. But this, we had these two like shepherd dogs that were like, like herding, like protection dogs that were meant to like protect flocks of sheep or something. So they were very like naturally like just protective. Yeah. And we got this one little skinny little dog that we thought was like some boxer mix and it was so skinny and frail. And then after we fed it, it like just swelled up into this big pit bull and we're like, oh my gosh, it's a pit bull. Oh, bad way. But well it just got so muscular and everything. Oh, It turned into like a healthy version of it. Yeah. I thought even like one, one after like one, one like dish of whatever you gave, We just gave it a good protein bowl. He just like, ugh.


He just got swollen is what I mean. Like he got sw so this little tiny dog that looked like if you kicked it, it would die, turned into this like huge pit bull machine. And then it ended up killing one of the shepherd dogs one night. Yeah. And oh no, when we woke up the next morning, the other shepherd dog was like protecting it from protecting the dead Shepherd dog. Yeah. Protecting it. And like he let like us go near it, but any of the other dogs, he, he just kept walking around it in like a 10 foot circle. Like if anything tried to come close to it. There you go. It was sad. That's, Oh thank you. No, there was, I was driving, it was really sad. I was driving to the podcast one day and on that street, on the bridge onto your house, there's so much roadkill and it's so sad.


I have a little guardian angel that Maddox baxton gave to me or his team gave to me. And I always, I'm always talking to it for some reason. You drive catch. Yeah. I'm always catching myself talking to God or talking to whatever, this little penny looking thing. It's very odd. It just reminds you of God. No. Yeah. If you were in my car and you just like, or if you like see me on the road and I'm talking to myself, it's actually to God. But We just pass over the road. She's like, got in your hand. She's like, I need to talk. No, like genuinely I know that he doesn't talk back to me, but I Can hear him like, yeah. It's so weird. 'cause I, my friend Addie was in the car with me. I was having this conversation with him, like, I couldn't stop talking. It was weird. Anyways, I was talking about it sometime else, but I saw a little squirrel on the side of the road with a squirrel friend that was dead and he was like clutching his heart and he was like crying, looking down at his, the Squirrel was like, Oh no, no.


The, the squirrel that was looking down on the dead squirrel had his heart like clutch. And he was like looking down on it and it was really sad. It's so sad. Oh my gosh. Why have you not told us that before? That's sad. Sad. I don dunno. I feel like it was just too sad. I almost like, I almost like cried. It was so sad. But I was like talking to God and I was like, oh my gosh, there's a squirrel. And I saw it and I was like, oh. Oh no. But that was like a reason. You obviously had to see that for some reason. Yeah, I know it weird. No, it's crazy. I Don, God doesn't talk to you, but He does. And You're, yeah, it's just, well and it's also just like, I feel like some people think like if God's gonna talk to you, it's gonna be like this voice from the sky. Yeah. And it's like, yeah, it's gonna be like a little Oh yeah. But like, he talks to you through so many different things. He uses people scripture, like all sorts of things.


So like, even though it may not feel like he's talking to my Sure Could be. But yeah, I just wanna say that like, it may, like if you're watching, it's not, you don't need to look for God in like a way. It's, it's like, oh, lightning's gonna strike the sky and you're gonna hear this deep voice like in a movie. Yeah. It's unfortunately pretty cool. Probably not gonna be that pretty It could, not saying it can't, but it's probably not gonna be, what's the, the black guy that always is the God voice? Morgan Freeman. Morgan Freeman. It is probably not gonna be his voice coming from the sky. Dude, every time I hear that, every time I hear a movie and he comes on, I'm like, dude, God's in this movie. Like every, he's just God in every movie. He's just Like, well, I kind of talk about a little bit in our book, not to plug our book, but unplugging our book, God talking to me a little bit.


So yeah, go check that out. How did that go? Was it Lightning Strikes or It No, it, it's not lightning strikes. No, but you have to buy the book to find out. I gotta buy the book. Where the book, where the heck can I get the book? I don dunno if it's out quite yet, but it's gonna be, but we can presale to you. If you'd like to gimme $10, Give her a free copy. We'll get you a copy. That's sick. I love that. She can't but I Can promise she said she doesn't read, she doesn't want the park. I We would love to look at the book a good part. Maybe me and Piper together, we could read the book, Emailed each other. I'll be the finger like dragging Dang and Dog and, and Lightning came. That's funny.


Nah, I, fun fact, the book we're dropping. I can't write so I I just kind of told the guy what to write. So yeah, it's probably all spelled correctly. So if you guys are wondering that's why, that's Why that's nice. That's nice. You ever Drop, we should go into his chapter and just mill misspell a few words. Yeah. Be funny. But if You buy the audible, we're reading it like our own chapters. So Cass is probably gonna mess up on a law and be like, wait, can you restart? And so I'm like, Well you should Leave that Here, dude. Listening to my audio book is me talking. That's gotta be brutal. Can't be good and not be good. And then that's it. Wait, hold on. Lemme restart sentence. Ca Used the AI thing. Have you heard of that? Where it tells you to say a sentence like the blue unicorn I saw in the sky.


How The heck is that gonna help me? No, no, no. I'm telling you how AI works. Oh, thank you. It it'll give, it'll like prompt you with like two or three sentences and those are the type of sentences you say and then from just those three sentences, it knows your voice and it can read a whole book in your Voice. That's what scares me. Like ai, just making people say crazy things. Scary. Yeah. Oh I know. That would probably be the way to do it. Maybe I could up my voice tone on it as well. I mean down. That'd be hor. That's Sweet. I like it. And you guys have a book that's that's that's another big part. Yeah, if it does Well You can have more books in the future and I think like Tour is a great way to promote the book and like you can give it away for free. Life's an open book, you Know what I mean?


Live's an open book. Yeah, I wrote that. That was good cash. Yeah. Thank you. Good, thank you. Hey pipe. So you and Harper are filming a a video after this as well. Or not filming a video. You livestream. We're stream. We're gonna basically box it out. You're gonna box it out. They're gonna box it out. I was just curious because I don't know how long we were gonna run but it, do you guys need sunlight? Ooh. I mean I, it doesn't need to be, but like maybe a little bit like probably We do need it. Okay. Yeah because there's it sunsets in like 30 minutes. Yeah, Yeah. I mean I'll go with the flow so just let me know. Well I well it was kind of a question. Yeah, it was more towards like, I mean just like if you would like to like, I mean of course like I would like a little bit of sun so Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


So then we should probably go box it out. Let's go box it out. Okay. Wait, is there anything you'd like to say before we end? Thank you guys for having me on. This was great. Thank You for coming after, after all the distract. Thank you. I know you were like the last person that like ever needed to come on, but like thank you know If you guys stayed the whole entire time. Sorry I interrupted you. No, you're good. I appreciate you guys. Thank you so much for having me on and yeah, I hope that I Can be so Great. Yeah, so nice. And the Piper, Raquel, everybody. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Oh my God. Okay, Nevermind. We should probably in the episode. Wait, wait, wait. Where did they find your live stream? Hurry before you smell it. Oh You guys can go. Oh my God, it's already here.


Yeah guys, if you wanna go to go to zip piper rock held live.com on Twitch. You guys can check it out and yeah, I'll see you guys there. Hopefully. Hey, let's go. Alright, in the episode, This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.