
Today we are here with Oscar winning Brianna. Hi. Oh, Kate here. Why are you asking like that? I didn't know we started Brianna's replacing Kate. Honestly, the pot's been flowing really well without you here. What? Vote to keep Brianna instead of Kate. Have you ever done facing your biggest fear videos? I hate Snakes and I got covered in a lot of snakes. See, there's like a snake juice. Yeah, he's putting them in the bucket that I'm gonna be laying in. One Bites him. He's bleeding. Oh. And he's like, it's fine. Get in the box. I was like, I don't really want to. Yeah, but I did Cash for some reason. Thinks it's okay to slide into Rainbow what he does. Okay, everyone.


Hey guys. We're gonna be coming to Atlanta, Georgia on June 28th, Charlotte, North Carolina on June 29th and Washington DC July 12th, and so many other cities. So make sure to go get your tickets at The LOL Podcast dot net. What's up everybody? Welcome back to another episode of the podcast. Today we are here with Oscar winning two time gold medalist co co-founder of Spirit Airlines. Brianna, hi. Yeah. One spirit, by the way. Spirit would be not the airline night. Choose. Oh. Oh. What? Good thing We'd not have to fly you in.


If you guys are watching this, this is a prompt and this is not a real video. Have you seen those? Have you seen the prompts? No. No. We need, you don't know what a prompt is. I don. Y'all haven't seen prompts? Oh no. Oh, what if you're living in a prompt? Oh no, she's gonna get scammed. You could be living in a prompt. Oh, she doesn't know. You haven't seen like the AI prompts, like the realistic ai? No, but like when I scroll on TikTok and it's like, stop watching. Go to bed. Yeah. Oh no. Oh no, no. Google View it's three. You haven't seen that? No. Oh no. I have GPTI Mean, I do Too. Hold on. I gotta show a Google view of three. So they have videos now. It's so easy. I can do it on my computer in minutes. I Can say, create an entire vlog that Adam filmed from Adam and Eve on the first day.


Oh. Of Earth. And it would look so real. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to tell the difference. Okay. I have been seeing the ones of like stories in the Bible that look realistic. Yeah, yeah. If they were influencers That Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Those, those are prompts were stick. You just type it in real quick and it just does it. Oh. Like You can say like, Hey, shoot me an angle of them building Noah's arc on an eight millimeter lens at hey cast golden hour. And it does it so Perfect. That's crazy. It's insane. Like, like look, this is, this is, this is all ai. This is fake. This is this Fortnite. This is a pro. Yeah. Full at Night Battle Pass. That's one move with AI that makes haters go crazy every time. That's all fake. Those aren't real people.


Those aren't real people. Lemme see Thread. Wait, that's freaking me out. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's all fake. That's where we're going people. Wow. That's crazy. That was great. One day there's gonna be, one day there's gonna be a world where you're not gonna know. Like you're gonna be able to go to the movies They Say. Yeah. And be like, do you wanna watch a generated movie or a human movie? I would be interested. It's gonna be creepy in a generated one. Me, I'd watch it actually. There's already AI influencers now. Kate was scrolling on her phone the other day and I was looking at her why? She was scrolling I'm, and She was just, no, No, no, just wait. Listen. She was scrolling on her phone on Instagram. She, and I'm watching her scroll and she clicks on this random girl's account and spends like two or three minutes on her account. And I was like, what is Kate doing on this girl's account?


And I was like, what are you doing? And she was like, oh, I just thought this girl was really pretty. I was gonna follow her. I was like, Kate, that's an ai. What? And the whole girl's, she's completely ai. And Kate thought she was real co. How did you know? Yeah. How can You, can I Can I Can just tell. No, you can't. No, there was, I Can can Harper. Okay. I'm an AI detector. There was a couple photos on her page that you could just slightly tell. It was like, I think that here's her account. She has 74,000 followers. There's ai or too much face too. And she gets like 20,000 likes on some of these photos. I see. This is her. This could Be just some creepy old man. She looks so pretty man, Right? Yeah. Show, show her that's necessary. Brianna's gonna be like, wait, I follow her. Yeah, But she's so pretty.


Yeah, She's computer, but she's not real. Yeah, She's gorgeous. Wow. Wow. I wanna meet her. It makes you think of, what is it? V Tubers, like the gaming people, but they're like a little anime character. What? What? Yeah. Wait, lemme Google This one. Now I, now I feel out of touch. Yeah. Nicole. Well, but the theory is maybe She has video, she has reels. People Have been saying that there's even a chance. You, you're a prompt. Yeah. That somebody said create a person. Oh, that believes that they live in reality. That is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And they're just watching your life. That one. You could be a prompt. I I would never be a prompt. This is Crazy. That's a prompt. I make my own prompt. That's crazy.


I'm not crazy by the way. It is a virtual YouTuber. What? They're like little anime characters. No shock. And people like talk and then their mouths move with like the person Oh, behind the screen. Yeah. I love Anime.


So, okay, I've got a question for you. What if your spare change could actually help you build something for your future? I'm talking about the kind of app that does the work for you and Yep. It exists. It's called Acorns. Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. And you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you whether all the market's ups and downs, and it's something I've actually used. And you just link your debit card and every time you buy something, snacks, pizza, ice cream, whatever it is, Acorns rounds it up and puts the extra change into your investment account. You barely notice it, but it adds up. It's like planting tiny seeds that your future self will actually thank you for later. Sign up now and join over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash lool or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid client endorsement compensation provides incentives to positively promote Acorns. Tier one compensation provided investing involves risk. Acorn advisors at LC and SEC registered investment advisors view important disclosures that Acorns dot com slash lool.


It's like a animation. Yeah, but it's like shot as if they were YouTubers. That's crazy. Exactly. It's typically gaming, so it's probably just somebody talking, playing. And then Everybody's like always telling me how embarrassing anime is. I love watching it. Wait, who's saying? It's embarrassing? Everybody. They're wrong. Yeah, they were wrong. Who said that? I Who said that? I, I remember, I, We, I used to make fun of Maverick for watching it, and then one night I got sick and I watched a whole season and I was Like, of what? Of Hunter accidentally watched a whole season? No, it's on Netflix. It's, it's, it starts with the MI think. Wait, I should know. I watched so many now on Netflix. What's, what's it about?


Mob Psycho? No, no, no, no. It it's this one. It's like Monkey What, what did you Just say? One piece Monkey. She, she's like, avatar. It's like madness or something. Not, oh no. I don't know. I I just thought it was cool. Is it The man buff guys wizards or something? Yes, Yes. Yes. Okay. I know what you're talking about. Yes. I'm an an Well, wait, what is that one? Is that one like the seven Deadly Sins or whatever that one's called. What? Which one's that? It's Called Ash. Ash. Ash. Oh, Alex, You what? Wait, wait. You watched the whole season. You made fun of Mait before watching Pokemon. I watched Avatar and you try to give, and that's not even real Anime. Pokemon is embarrassing. You know what's crazy? We've talked about anime on, we talked about anime on Preston's episode and Brianna's episode.


I mean, it's cool, but I didn't think it was cool until Preston convinced me otherwise. I used to He gaslighted you. Doky. Oh, okay. He gaslighted Harper too. Well, I'm very interested to hear, because before we started the episode, Brianna told us that she had a dream about something she needs to tell us. No. So I'm very interested to hear what was the dream that you had about something you needed to tell the podcast? Okay, well, I woke up and I thought I needed to memorize something from Matthew 10 in the Bible. Right. But it, it's not really applicable to today's podcast. So did he memorize it? Did you pull it up and you're just like, ah, I don't know.


Well, Here's what I'll say. It does reference the, the 12 disciples coming together. So maybe like God's using this for us To talk about Something today. I mean, this is like the new beginning. I mean, you're replacing Kate today. Yeah. That's crazy. I Miss her. Kate. Kate's not even here. That's Sad. Yeah, We're bring her back. We'll miss her maybe one day, Kate. So Yeah. What did the Bible verse say? I'm so like, that's so, so Weird. I don't feel like this is a great one for the podcast. Oh, Don't worry. Oh, Don't worry. It's, well, it just says, Jesus calls his 12 disciples and gives him authority to cast out evil spirits and healed diseases. You know what's crazy? Well, we went, I was gonna say, you know what's Yeah, go ahead.


Go ahead Kenzie. 'cause you are the one that Interrupted. We, oh my gosh. I need Kate here right now. Wait, I'm scared. Kate's never coming back. What? Well, one day when she comes back in her downstairs living room, tell her, so the other day we were sitting on the podcast. Okay. And we told everybody about this bridge that we went to and we went with this tour guide lady. Yeah. Who was like talking to evil spirits and things. This Was for a YouTube video. It was scary. Used. Scary. It was so creepy. And me and Kate the whole time, not the whole time but the beginning, we were like, oh, like this is just like mumbo jumbo stuff, you know? Yeah. What? But then she starts like talking to it through these devices.


It it was a whole, it was a whole thing. It was creepy. Yeah. And then at the very end, nevermind. I don't think I Can say that part. Can I? What guess You can What part? Just say we'll cut it if we need At the very end. She's like, can I pray over y'all? And we're like, oh yeah, sure. Like of course. Like go ahead. And so we sit I I I Don't know if we can say, oh yeah, maybe don't say that part. But you can say the flashlight part. Oh yeah. So there's this flashlight that she has sitting down and it's supposed to like, allow you to communicate with other things. I don't know. 'cause it like flash. Well, only only if something touches it. It's one of those twisty flashlights. Like the twisty ones. No, It actually works. Yeah, they still work.


How about we like Kenzie tell stories and she was there. I crazy. Anyways. Oh, Kate here. Hello? Hello. Hi. I didn't know why are you asking like that? Because I Didn't know we started. Oh, somebody Told me Cash. Cash said that you weren't coming on the Fly today. No. Brianna. Brianna told you the time. Did she must have lied to you. Do you want me To scoot over so You can sit here? She's in your spot too. Brianna's replacing Kate. This is very awkward. I feel uncomfortable like Two o'clock I was with Anna. I Can leave. I Can go. Honestly, the P'S been flowing really well without you here. What?


You wanna sit Here? I mean, that is my Spot. No, don't. She came all the way here. You're not gonna kick her off. No, no. We clearly, we have. Clearly This is a Joke. Y'all are messing with me. It's honestly probably one of the best pods ever so far ever. This is one of the most entertaining one. This pods. Wait, why did You let them start without me? Wait, is this actually like, she didn't know. Well, is got awkward. I was until two O'clock. I can't tell if you're being serious or not. No, I mean, I'm being, I'm being pretty serious And Well, You can maybe sit right there. Well, we Were just talking about spirits. Listen, you're interrupting you. I why? I know. Listen, you're really interrupting a great podcast. We were in the middle of lie to me about the time.


Just sit right there, Kate. Just sit down. I literally, I literally got here at 4:30 AM I Can do we have the microphone back there? Vote to keep Brianna instead of Kate. I feel uncomfortable. That's three. That's three. You at Harper. What? Stretchy. Why would you vote for that Stretchy squirrel? I have never missed LOL. Podcast episode and all of our two years doing this. Oh wow. And y'all Cooked Me and neither Vote to keep Kate instead of Brianna. See no one's voting Kate. Well Kate mean it spoke for itself. Why Can't we both be here? Just sit down Kate. Not not Just take your bloom energy and go.


Yeah, Kate, just sit down right there. Why? Why, why is she not sitting A Microphone? There's a microphone back there. I'll give you a microphone. There's always Oh, okay there. Yeah. See that's janky. I feel like y'all are pranking me. I can't tell if this Is really or not. Think Kate. No, I I think we should just start having B Look. Look at the vibe she brings. I Can Bad vibes. I can't Even Ow. Ow. Maybe switch the Harper. Harper's smaller so she might can No Sit there. Oh, now you're calling me big. That's not good. That's not a good way to start it. Oh Well what I wanna say is, Brianna got me a squirrel. I did. It was a flying squirrel. It Flying squirrel. What? It was really cool.


Squirrel. What y'all saying? Yeah. She said she got me fly. Can you stop messing with the mic? Yeah. Oh no. I need a microphone to speak into because I was lied to you about the time. Oh, Can you get over it? You've been replaced. Yeah, Kate. Oh my God. That's not true. We don't need That you anymore. You're right. No, I didn't. It's not true. You basically replaced yourself. We needed a blonde and, and you decided dye your hair. Oh my God. She does have The same hair that Kate and have. And so now this reminds me of old Kate, old Kate's bag. I Don't know what to say. It was Brianna's words, not ours. I'm not awake enough for this. Y'all are messing with Me. No, to be fair guys, we did start this podcast pretty early. Well actually not super early. I guess you started At two a half hours early.


Yeah, but it's 11:00 AM But Harper landed at 4:00 AM or something from a flight. Yeah. Slept for like four hours and came here. She made it on time supper. So Harper made it on time. I don dunno why Kate didn't make it on time. I'll prove it to y'all. I got a message. I'll prove it to you. It's in Did you have a dream too, Kate? No. I have A Podcast at 2:00 PM Yeah, but what does the calendar say? I don't see that message. Yeah, I didn't see that message. I Feel like I need to leave. Like I No, No. You're you're providing dreams. We need those podcast 11:00 AM Well, Nobody told me that. I knew it was 11 and then you guys told me that it was switched until Two. You know what? If you don't wanna show up on time, you're fired.


You can Can't fire me because I quit after this episode if that's how I'm gonna be treated. You guys got a great replacement. Yeah, we know. It's been great so far. Okay. I she Actually was telling us before the pod that she wants to start her own Pod. She did. So Yeah, I'm thinking about it, but I need advice 'cause I don't know what I'm doing. Oh My gosh. I'm gonna replace you on your own podcast. Go For it. It Before you start it. That'd be great. Yeah. No, wait, so what does the Bible verse have to do with the bridge again? Oh, it, it's talking about, it's, it's saying that God has given the disciples the ability to cast out demons in his name. No way. So I really wish, like I was hoping like this verse that like was in my brain was gonna be so profound, so cool for this podcast.


Right. It just, it wasn't what I expect. I think it was pretty profound seeing as what we, I we've been through the last week or so, guys, I wanna go to that bridge so bad. But I can't. 'cause after what Kate said to Me, no, no, you can't. She Like, we're having extreme technical difficulties. Yeah. You're ruining the, this Is the worst seat for Kate to be in. I like the, I'm like tall. This doesn't work very well. I'm short. Just switch with Harper. Sit. If y'all switch it Harper, this would all be over. Nah, There you go. No, But Oh great. Now I got a rod in my face. I mean, I Feel like you're having to lean. No, I Can. Well you should have, you've been here long enough. You should have a better mic stand. No. Why is the mic not even angled at It's like angled at you.


I wish Can get off the pod. Get back off the podcast. No, no. Please just sit down. I don't wanna go through all that again. Oh, why? Well now my face seat is all wet. She feels outta place. Gosh. Is this how guests feel when we invite them? Because if that's the case, Generally they're not wet like that. 'cause they don't, they don't spill everything everywhere. I mean I was, I came in, I was told where to sit and things were gray. She Was sitting right here and then She snatched that spot. I don't even, I don't even think she asked. She actually To think about it. She was sitting in my seat before the pod started. I know. I told her to move.


Where am I supposed to go? I'll sit on the floor. I'll sit on the floor. No, I, I actually like sitting on the floor. I'm gonna have a bad back after this 'cause I have to set my Yeah, you look fine. You're fine. Here. I I Can fix it. We can, we can just, we'll just continue on with the episode. So, so I have a question for you Brianna. Yes. If you, 'cause we've had this argument multiple times here on this episode. I think we actually might have even asked Preston this. Yeah, we did ask Preston this question if he was a prompt. No, I'm kidding. None of you was a prompt. If you were on an airplane, maybe like say you're Spirit Airlines airplane and the plane is going down, it is crashing. Stop. And the only people that are in the plane are all of us right here.


Okay. Who are you choosing to fly the plane out of? All of us Besides yourself. Okay, so this person's going to save us, all Of us or It's not Gonna be like, or eliminate all of us. You're the most qualified to like be pushed into the pilot chair to save us. Yeah. Who would, who would you say let's, let's see if she says the same thing as Preston. What did Preston say? Wait, don't Say it. I would say Maverick because isn't that Yes. Isn't that Top Gun? Dude, you, you are never gonna win this question. I'm never gonna be the pilot. Never ever. That's the only reason I said that is Top Gun Maverick Top Got is what it is. That's not even really that barrel though. Is that Preston said too. Preston said Maverick. No, Preston said he's just a little more calm and collected something.


Well no he didn't give that definition. But he Still, you chose You. Oh this is much better. Alright. Are you trying to replace Harper? Yeah. What? Come on here. Yeah. Are you guys are replacing me? Someone's gotta replace Harper and then next someone has to ow someone has to replace cash. Why am I being not Me? Because you orchestrated this whole thing of replacing me. Well What, what I was saying, I'm Gonna get hated All. Why do you think that? That I'm not trying to play replace her. I promise. It's fine. It's fine. Well May Okay. Well I feel like the airplane question wasn't exactly really fair since his name is Maverick, you know? Yeah. So No, I think Maverick is a little more Chill though. Right? So let's give a different hypothetical that doesn't involve his name. What if one of us was to be your brain surgeon?


Oh, why do he's gotta be near death experience? 'cause that's what it must be. I think it Would probably be Kenzie. 'cause Maverick's really messy when it comes to things. What? He's just, Oh, I I actually Fixed things. Wait, wait, hold on. We need her to answer. Oh, I'm not allowed to speak. Think, don't interrupt the guest. Kate. I feel like Kenzie would have really good bedside manner and she would help me feel like comfortable before I fell asleep and didn't know what was going on. Yeah. Comfortable. I also Am the only one who took college biology. Your go to bed. I didn't imagine your surgeon said that. Dude, your injecting you with whatever that stuff is. The Wait, We missed it. What did you say?


He's Like, I if like, as they're injecting you with the sleepy stuff, they're just like, close your eyes, your dream. Why are you petting? That's So bad. Why are you petting them? That's why you Modernized Your my dream. Several surgeries growing up. Wait, really? Did you have to go out? Yeah. No way. I've always wanted to go out. Me too. I had, It's kind of like creepy. Wait, have you gone out? Yeah. Has everyone gone out? Yeah. Cash has gone out. Well yeah, not choked me. That was different. I've, I've choked him out several times and he's just, No, but it is, He would show you but it would get banned off YouTube. It's like our little magic trick. It's Not a magic trick. It's horrible. Sometimes He, sometimes he drools on himself, But it is creepy cash because you're sitting there laying in the bed like basically strapped down and they put this mask on you and they're like, okay, I want you to count to 10 and breathe in 10 times.


And then there's like six people just staring at you while you're like, Oh, that's not how it went for me. I was crying because I was terrifi what I thought I was about to pass away. I was like, I was getting my wisdom teeth out. So it wasn't even like a major surgery. Wait, you go out for your wisdom teeth? Yeah. Yeah. So, but I was getting my wisdom teeth. Did you get your out? No. No. You Never got his wisdom teeth. That embarrassing Me either. Oh Nevermind. It's not embarrassing. My Mom, my mom, you know I only have have one on my top teeth. Mine Are actually curved. Ouch. Ouch. Are you guys gonna get ears out soon? Yeah. Oh my gosh. We should do LOL Podcast episode when she gets her wisdom teeth. Can we please? I'll literally, I Will call dude Harper will be unhinged extra To cut everything.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Cut that. Cut that. Have Little chipmunk little. I know. Just like dogging like no, I, I wanna come on the podcast. Wait, Say what you were saying though. Oh, well I was scared because I thought that once I went under I was never gonna wake up again because you know, sometimes they accidentally do that. What? Yeah, so I was, I was crying. I was like looking at my mom and I was like, mom, no I can't. I was like 16. I was too, too grown to be crying like that. But I was crying and the doctor was like, no don't worry, it's, it's fine. He was like, listen, I got this tree in my front yard. And I was like, okay. And he was like, and I love my tree. And they came to my house and they told me they had to shut it down or cut it down. And he puts the needle in my arm while he is talking about his tree in his front yard.


Oh my God. He's distracting you. Yes. But I was like not distracted at all. I was like, why is this man telling me about his front yard tree when I'm to die? And He was like, the city came and they said that they had to cut the tree down and man I am just so upset. And that's the last I remember. Wow, you fell asleep. It, it worked so quick. I Had a wholesome time because I was, I got my tonsils out and I was like four or five. Oh and my God, you got Your tonsils out. Yeah. I need that. It scares me. It was kinda unpleasant but I was like a really little kid. And my dad's a doctor so his friend was my surgeon. And when they were like doing the thing, they were singing to me. Aww. So I Just remember being sang to and fell asleep.


You didn't wake up and you were just like, Matthew 10. I stop. I got my adenoid And tonsils. It's joke because I don't get it because I wasn't here apparently. What do you think they do with the tonsil after? Like they remove it. Don't they put it in a jar or something? Trash didn't even believe that they take your tonsils out the other day. Yeah. No I gave my, I got my adenoids and tonsils removed 'cause I had ear infections. Yeah. To be fair I thought it was the dangy thing. Oh, out They in the back of your Throat. Yeah. I thought it was that thing. No, That thing's called a uvula. Yeah. I wonder if they ever remove those. I don't think so. They can. Who would you trust to remove that? Why would you need to? Okay. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah. Did you know what I'm, some people get their vela pierced. Ew. Sorry. No they don't swear.


Swear. What is the throw? And it got and it got infected. I saw TikTok. It got infected. Harper. Oh Harper. You should stop speaking. No, please. I'm entertained. You went like this. This microphone. Alright. Harper sometimes makes things up so. Oh, You can look it up. Swear. I think She's Serious. I'm serious. You think that's fake? No, I don't think guys tons this way. But Not stuck. Somebody's definitely piercing. I don't think anyone's tons So brutal. Like the size of a basketball though. Nobody's some a tonsil. Its a uvula. Yeah. What do you, who do you guys think got like the first pie in your, they're like, look, look. I put a little Mel thing on my, on my lip. You like that? Like why? Why would we do that?


I don't know. See, happy December 1st. Everybody today I pierced my, Oh wait, send that to me. Oh i's, oh yeah. Unfortunately we must put that on the screen. Oh. Oh. I Thought you gonna say we can't. So then I don't have To send it. People are gonna wanna see that. Ugh. That's disgusting. I know, but Their UV logo got infected and it went to like seven times. Let's not On the screen. Let's, If They wanna look it, we should look, should do a challenge video where someone has to pierce through uuv. No. And the loser will have to pierce through Uuv. Scott Has threw out to be so bad. I've Always wanted to be able to grab someone, use Uveal and strip down what He'd actually be in a cartoon.


Dude just, Kate and I were actually talking about piercings the other day and this girl that was on my softball team, there's these, I don't know what they're called, but they're like screw piercings basically. And they screw into you. Usually people get them like on their dimples in their back. You, but this girl had 'em like in a line on her chest. Oh. And she was a catcher on my softball team. You're scaring Me. She was on your softball team. Yeah. Yeah. And it was in college my freshman year. And a ball misses her glove and hits her right in the chest. And she had just gotten these piercings like a week before. Who? And so later in the locker room after the game, she like takes off her shirt and they had like pulled out.


There was holes in her chest. I don't like it. Disgusting. I don't like it. Did you play softball? Who did? Screw in piercing. Oh no. Did you play anything? I was a cheerleader and I danced and I did tennis. Wow. Musical theater. Replacing me with a cheerleader. Did I not have enough pep or something? You So much cheerleader vibes. Thanks. Did you do cheerleading? No. She was a softball player. Are you good at pickleball then? Kinda. Oh she probably cook in pickle pickleball. She played tennis. I It's so fun. It is. It's really pickleball. Pickleball is really fun. Maybe maybe you four can go play and I'll stay back since I'm, yeah. Oh that sounds like fun. No longer a Part of the group. Yeah, I'll Stay back too. Hey, do you guys still feel the, the hole where the wisdom teeth was?


What? Uhuh? Like where your, you've got your wisdom teeth pool. I do. I do. But I wasn't thinking you have like a hole There still. No. Well where is, I've heard that you, You can still feel the hole. I do. I Can. You feel it? I didn't get mine and taken out so I don't know What, I feel like I Can feel it a little bit on this top side. Does food get stuck in there? Yeah. No. Ew. But I Wonder what you guys do. Well there's a hole. I wonder what you guys do with without tonsils because don't you guys ever get like little tonsil stones or like, you never have had that have you? No. I actually had one a few days ago. Wait, you Don't have tonsils? You don't have Em? Maybe I just got my adenoids removed. What are you saying? Whatcha Talking about? No, if they're taking out your adenoids, they're taking out your tonsils too. Well No really. You know like when you have tonsils You can then, I guess I look in your throat.


You can tell if you have Tonsils. Okay. See if she got tonsils. You Got tonsils. Oh she doesn't that open up. It's Just like, it's just like Smooth. Wait for some reason. Oh my gosh. Look, there's nothing To know. There's nothing there cash. There's nothing there. I guess I don't know what tonsils look like. This Is Like you had this same reaction the other day when you didn't see mine Noise. That all looks the same to me. They, they do do look the same. Don't See the holes. Don't you don't see the little holes in my tonsils. 'cause tonsils have like little holes. There's holes in your tonsils.


That's a lot of holes. Why did You get yours removed Harper? I had ear infections. Oh what? I got mine removed when I was little because they would get so swollen when I was like four and five that when I'd go to sleep I'd stop breathing. Oh that's what The, So my mom would, you must have had huge tonsils. Yeah. My Mom. My mom, well they were inflamed for Some reason. My, because you got 'em pierced. Did your lymph No Too. And you could like feel it on the outside. Yeah, I Can feel it. But my mom would have to sit next to my bed and like make sure that I didn't stop breathing. Oh my God. Because when I would stop breathing she would wake me up. So when I was little and tons of my baby pictures, I just have like bags, like black bags in my eyes. 'cause I literally did not sleep. That's, Oh no. Wait, that's crazy.


How old were you when you got yours removed? First grade, so like eight, seven. Oh like five or six? Six seven. Oh. I basically forced Preston to get his out. Oh. Like while we were dating because he would get like 105, Like held him down. He's like, she's like, no, gimme the tons out. She's like, lemme tell you about my tree. No, but he was like passing out, he was like, his fevers were so bad and then they were like touching each other. No, he gotta Go to the Doctor. Wait, he got his tonsils out as an adult. Yeah. Which is way rougher for sure. But now he's fine. Lemme tell you about my tree and takes tonsils out. That's so bad. Gimme That bag. Why you taking my pants?


Wait, I don't understand. Why do you get them removed in the first place? Because of things like Kinzie couldn't breathe and Preston couldn't breathe And I got ear infections. Yeah. And then I, They have a tendency to swell up for some reason. Yeah. Sick. Usually something usually you, you got something wrong if you're getting them removed. Yeah. Yeah. Like I, I don't have so nothing wrong with my tonsils so I don't gotta get 'em removed. She's Flexing. You have holes in your tonsils? Tonsils. Yeah. I got good tonsils. What about y'all? I don't have any. What are they actually for? Google it. Cash. I literally think it's to like catch food. I don't freaking know. It's kind of like it's they're Gross. Your gallbladder like filters. Filters. Yeah. Is a tonsil four? Y'all both about this on the podcast? No, we've never talked about tonsils. Yeah, we, we talk medically quite often.


Check for inflammation. What? Okay. Swelling of the tonsils. Is I okay Enough of tonsil talk? Yeah. I have a question for Brie. Yes. What is your favorite video you've ever filmed? Ooh, that's a good one. So there's one from years ago where I bought tons of toys from Walmart and Target and donated them for Christmas to Toys for Tots. So that was really rewarding and really fun. Okay. But then I've done a couple where I'm not a daredevil. You're not, not I'm boring but, and then in videos I'll do crazy stuff. Yeah. So I hung from like a crane, like a hundred something feet in the air for a shoot.


And that was like now that I lived. You're like, tell that was fun. You can, yeah. It was really cool. That's Crazy. That so scary. Like how did you hang from it? Like there's A box. They made like a box and I was harnessed in and it was like a little house. But my brother-in-law y'all, he moved the crane on accident. So I did cry in the video. There were tears. Oh my gosh. Because I just started swinging really aggressively That so bad. Back And forth. Imagine bri just swinging in the air. Yeah. A hundred feet up. That's so scary. That's so sweet. You're, you're braver than I am. Because a couple weeks ago we were planning a video and they were like, alright, we're gonna be facing our biggest fears Kate, you're gonna swim with sharks. And I had a meltdown with just them telling me and we, we, we didn't do the video. That's Fair. That's terrifying.


Yeah. I wanna swim with sharks. Maybe we should do a tour with sharks. No, I, I'll cry. I was really upset. All. Okay. Yeah. Have you ever done facing your biggest fear videos? I have. I hate snakes and I got covered in a lot of snakes. Oh see, Really? Kate refuses to film one of these videos. I Couldn't, don't do it because No, but like the stress and anxiety and flicks on your body cannot be worth it. Yeah. Well Okay. The snake dude, there's like a snake dude who brings all the snakes. Yeah. He's putting them in the bucket that I'm gonna be laying in. One bites him, he's bleeding. Oh. And he's like fine, get in the box. I was like I don't really want to. Yeah. But I did for some reason. Did It bite Him?


Oh my God. No way. Catch is get in the box. I would say I would do it but if there's like look this is a really nice snake look. He's a good snake. But the second one bites the dude. Yeah. And I realize they have a bad snake. No, I'm not doing that. Not with a bad snake. There Was like four snakes over two days ago. Yeah. We were just filming a Video. Yeah. And there was a nice big yellow snake and then this like mean anaconda or something. And it was like biting him. Yeah. And the guy pulls it out. He's like, this one bit me three times. No. I'm like why did you break him? Your snake? What they they had this huge like freaking 15 foot snake and they put it in my dog's crate. Why? It made me think that the snake Ate my dog. We were filming a video called snake versus dog, but It wasn't a nice snake Snake one.


Yeah, I panicked. I thought honey Oh my God I thought honey was gone. Don't like snake. That's so bad. But no, the yellow snake was nice. I liked it. No? Yeah. It was Weird for some reason acid reflux weird. Like It, You can feel Its body like contracting And moving and it's like Kind Of weird, weird. You know, apparently snakes can't strike behind themselves. What do you mean? Sorry, excuse Me. So I always stay behind the stakes. Now the guy said that can't like cash. No, the guy was, the guy was, he was like they can't strike if you're behind them. Oh maybe he was trolling me. I don't know. That guy was Kind of a Troll. But I always stay behind the stink now and I feel very empowered. What about like a rattlesnake? You're just gonna be there behind it and you're like Oh great.


Well the guy also told me that snakes, apparently the fangs are in the back of their mouth. No, no, no, no. So no what? Just the hog nose snake. Oh really? The other snakes, They're the hogwarts Snake one front front. Oh he was telling me the van, the, the venomous fangs are in the back. There's rear fanged. Yeah. Snakes like hog noses and then front fanged. Yes. Oh snake. My dad other ones he was saying the rear faint ones. Apparently they have to swallow you before they can poison you. But I thought that was all snakes so I was about to get real caught. They swallow you before they poison you. Do you think snakes can Actually swallow you? Yeah. Seems like a cruel way to do it. Yeah, No, I had a story, one of my best friends used to live in Hawaii and there's like a big old snake this person loved apparently.


And it would sleep in bed with them and it would slowly, oh it started to like lay next to them like this like kind of get as long as the person and I guess that means it's trying to see if it can swallow you. It's like trying to see how big they're compared you. No sizing you up. Yeah, exactly. No way. And did they, Did they Eat em? No, they're fine. Thank goodness. Oh my God. Justin Was just trying to go to bed, Stretching Out me trying to get warm. Oh That's so scary. You imagine a snake next to you in bed just stretching out to see how warm you're ma said that he used to do that with his snake. Maverick would sleep with a snake man. Oh no, no, not intentionally. Just sometimes you fall asleep and you have it out and then you wake up and you're like, ah, this snake with me. There's a snake in my bed.


No, there was one time I lost, well a couple times I lost my, I had a 10 foot snake and you'd be surprised how ley he Lose. Wait, how big round was it like this? It was big. It, it was as big As the yellow one. And And Maverick owned it and it was 10 foot long and he kept losing, lived in an apartment. You, you'd be surprised how easily You can lose a big snake. Like so the snake is lost again and it just like put me on my toes every six months. Like where's the snake gonna come from? Yeah. And then when you find it, you're real freaked out 'cause you're like, it's hungry. You've been looking for like 30 minutes and you're like is under this. Oh my gosh. And then one time he actually lost it and we were looking all over the house for it and then we decided, okay, maybe we should start looking outside the house.


Maybe he'd escaped through the AC vents or something. Oh. So we went outside the house and we lift up a rock and we found another snake. Do you remember that? Yeah. We found a rattlesnake. Yeah, under, under a rock. When we were looking for our other snake. Don't snake for snakes, you'll find one. Yeah. And we just lived in a neighborhood snakes and we just found a poisonous rattlesnake. Yeah. I also had a little snake that was only like this long and this one was super nice but one day it snuck outside and it got outside and I find it in our bushes in our front yard. Yeah. How do you let your snake sneak outside? It's, They just do man. I don know they're Fast. It just Like out. It's like a toddler man. It's not fast. They're fast on the floor. Yesterday they were like, ew, looming. You're like holding it and then you're like, I'm gonna make a pizza. Then you like set it down, you go make your ooky dog you like it's gone.


It's a little toddler. I'm telling you're like, it's gone run away. I told you not to move. And then yeah, he was outside and but when we found him outside thing it turned wild. The nicest snake you could ever imagine. And then all of a sudden it wanted to kill us. Yeah. And it was like this long, it realized it was in its natural it realized it what? What it was. Oh yeah. I think it realized I'm a snake. Did he get it free? He started like trying to attack us. Yeah. My big snake also attacked us. Yeah. One time his snake never bit anyone. And then one time our friend put on a football helmet with like a grill in front of it and he walked up to the snake and he was like, hi snake. And the snake jumps and bites the grill of the football helmet. He was like, that was so funny. So scary because he just bit the grill right there.


That's Terrible. And I would've kissed a snake like on the head. Like it was like a nice calm snake. But he don't like football. No. It's more of a soccer type of. All Right, makes sense. So you said you got in a box with all these snakes. Did like since you and Preston like do YouTube together, does he try to get you to do a lot of things like that? He does. He is a daredevil. Like he's walked on top of a plane while it was flying. But Does he Use the excuse of like, we gotta do it for the video? You know What, not really, but he'll be like, I believe in you. Like You can do this. You can Go outside of your comfort zone. So when does it, yeah, Preston seems nice and motivational. Yeah. What the freak Kenzie. That such targeted at me and Mavis not being nice and motivated. Such a stray. That's good. I'm happy for you.


Dude, He walked up top of a plane while I was moving. He told us about that when he was here. I know, but like I just still can't believe it. I mean she own Spirit Airlines. But did you Brett, You own Spirit Airlines? She's Co-founder. Any other company please. That's what, that's what AI told me. At Least Americans spirit sucks. I'm sorry Spirit. But it's true. I lost my packaging on your plane. Your package Spirit doesn't deliver packages. I lost my luggage on your plane and you never gave It back. So you lost something. Wow. No, they never gave it back. You know the only time we lost luggage on a plane was we were on an American Airlines flight and a guy stole it from hours, you know, in the overhead bin. A guy literally took it. Did you see Him take it or is this assumption? Well, well it was in the overhead bin and then it wasn't.


I Don Dunno. And then it was gone. So Maverick like went to the front of the plane, put his thing in the overhead bin and then walked back to the plane. And then when the plane landed and we got there, it was gone. Somebody took it. See nobody, that's kind of y'all's own fault though because you guys think that nothing bad like that will ever happen to you. Like I would never put my plane. So my back so far at the front of the plane that somebody even has the chance to take it. Yeah. Like you guys are just like, Well yeah I bet. No in this story now you would say that. No, but even before I would be like, I don't wanna leave my bag this far up. What if someone takes it? But you Guys, it was six feet in front of me. No you six feet. He just said you walked the back of the plane. No, we were sitting in the front of the plane. Were first. So you were telling you is six feet away. Your back was six feet away and you let it get stolen.


I was on my phone, I wasn't paying attention. That's not Easy dude. Every time I walk on the plane, like yesterday because we got on the plane at like 1:00 AM and everybody who was in first class like just like was looking at me and I was like looking at them and they were Don't You always feel so judged? Yes. When you, but then when I'm sitting in first class people and they're like, what are you doing in my class? It's true. I flew first class one time. Really? Yeah. Did you judge People or something? No, it was a brand put me on first class. My Favorite meme is that like fly net that they have in between Like regular, It's just like they close it so aggressively. I Know. I always thought I was like, oh, first class, like ain't no need to spend all that money. And then I went and she was like, hello Ms. Baker, good morning. What can I get you for breakfast?


And I said, whoa, breakfast. Breakfast And I'll take whatever you have. And she was like, we have blah blah blah and blah, blah blah. I was like, oh, I get a choice. And she was like, yes. I was like, and then everyone like walked out And in in the, in the back of the plane. You're lucky if you get one of those biscuit things, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Maybe those cookie biscuit. The cookie? Yeah. Yeah. No those are really cookie biscuit. It's called a biscuit but it's a cookie biscuit. I don't think it's called a biscuit. It's called off. Oh, a bi off. Yeah. No, it's, I thought it was a biscuit cookie. You're lucky you can't read. You can't read. Yeah. No I can't. I actually always thought I said biscuit. It's not funny. No, you did. That's okay. Promise. Cookie biscuit. I thought it was a biscuit. So you asked them, Hey, but made, can I get one of those biscuit cookies?


Yes, I have actually one time I walked to the back of the plane I was like, can I get another biscuit? They knew what I was talking about. But you know, in Australia they call cookies, biscuits. Okay. Really? Why don't They do that in like the uk? I Thought they did that. Possibly. I'm not from there, but that's true. That's why I thought it was called a biscuit cookie thought. Universal. We go to the uk We must ask. Yeah. Oh, also my pinky nail fell off. I had something happen to my pinky nail yesterday too on The plane. No, I was, okay, so,


Hi, I'm Richard Karn and you may have seen me on TV talking about the world's number one expandable garden hose. Well the brand new pocket hose copperhead with pocket pivot is here and it's a total game changer. Old fashioned hoses get kinks and creases at the spigot, but the copperheads pocket pivot swivels 360 degrees for full water flow and freedom to water with ease all around your home when you're all done. This rustproof anti pursers hose shrinks back down to pocket size for effortless handling and tidy storage. Plus your super light and ultra durable pocket hose copperhead is backed with a 10 year warranty. What could be better than that? I'll tell you what. An exciting exclusive offer just for you. For a limited time, You can get a free pocket pivot and their 10 pattern sprayer with the purchase of any size copperhead hose. Just text water to 64,000, that's water to 64,000 for your two free gifts with purchase W-A-T-E-R to 64,000 By texting 64,000. You agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages from pocket hose message and data rates may apply. No purchase required terms supply available@pockethose.com slash terms.


Annas asking Turbulence just made it follow off. Yeah. Yes. No, a fan was asking for a photo and they were like, they're like, can I get a photo? And I was like, yeah, of course. So I dropped my bag down and my pinky nail fell off the whole thing. The whole entire thing. And I have a photo of it. You just dropped it back. You're like, that's icky. Gosh darn it. They were from my pinky too. Why are you find your, your pinky nail? I had an original experience yesterday and I bet nobody here's ever had this happen. And I bet nobody watching has ever had this Happen. Aren't all your experiences original? No. What? No. Like every experience is like at least one other person in the world has experienced like it's not original. Look. Oh, I hate that. I don't Want, Ooh. Yeah, but, so This is a very specific thing and if it's ever happened to anybody else, please let me know.


But yesterday, Yesterday, but then that would make it unoriginal Just to be clear. But so as of right now, nobody has ever had this happen to them that I know of. Got it. We've clarified. So yesterday I was getting in our car and you know, our car, you broke something in it. You know that plastic piece on the side of our chair? Yeah. Man. Funny. Never felt fatter in my life. Oh, the side part of the chair, you know where you adjust your, like when, like You can go forward and backwards. Yeah, yeah. Where you go forward? No, you can't. Yes. I Can promise you because it's fallen off right in half. I I've, when I've gotten in your car, it's been falling off and I've put it back on. No, lemme tell you. Well snap now. Plastic snap, snap snap plastic thing on the side where you like adjust your chair better.


Like to go forward backwards. Up, down. Yeah. I, I get out, but like when I get out the side of the chair gets squished when I get out and it just went. Is that why you have the Barbie car now? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's not allowed in our other Car. Yeah. I snapped it. So now, now I had to get a, it literally like a truck that can hold 300 pounds or more in the, in the front seat. So it Hangs like to the side. Like literally when I close my door, I have to move it out the way so I don't break any anymore. Is is it the Chevy? No, it's the Tesla. So it's like, it's like broken You broken Tesla. Yeah. Yeah. And so he's a big Boy. He Is. I was so irritated with it yesterday. Kenzie and I went into the hobby lobby and I got some super glue and I was like, I'm gonna glue it back together, like the plastic. I was gonna stick it together. And You decided to be a mechanic?


I did. And then I, I was super gluing it and my fingers were getting glued together and stuff and I was like, wait, wait. He has Set the scene. We're in a meat market parking lot. Yeah. We're the, That's, that's your chosen location mechanic. We were gonna Steak for dinner. So We you was in the meat market parking lot and you're like, I think it's time to fix the Tesla. So I was Let's fix it now. Yes. Get the super glue. I did say that. I said Kenzie from the meat market. I Said, Kenzie, can you go inside and grab the steaks and I'm gonna fix my chair real quick. Mm. And so my fingers are getting stuck together. There's glue all over me. Where did you get the super glue hobby lobby. Okay. So I was like, my fingers are stuck together. And I was, I finally rip 'em apart and now I got super glue all over my fingers and it's a really gross feeling.


So I'm like, I love when it's on my fingers. No, it's so bad. I don And so I was like scraping it off and like, I literally, my fingers like raw from rubbing so hard and I was freaking out. I was like, Kinzie, I have to get this off my finger. It feels so weird. And I went into the bathroom, no soap. So I was like, okay, we gotta go somewhere else. And she's like, bathroom body works. I was like, yes. We went to the closest place we knew and I walk inside and I'm in Bath and bodywork scrubbing the super glue off my finger, you know, at their little test sink with their soap. I was like, just walked into bath and bodywork all their fingers are going, y'all got some soap? I'm imagining it more like this. She's like, You can have any soap? No, I need soap. And I, they have like this. Thank You. They have this ex this, she's just walking around like a Minecraft Rose begging for Mercy.


So No. So I, I find they have like this like exfoliating scrub for your hands Hands. And I was like, perfect. And I'm digging this out and I'm lathering it on my hands and I'm like, it's a test Sample. Yeah. I'm like using half the test sample and the lady comes over and she's like, what are we trying out today? And I was like, I was like, you want add it to your bag? I was like, well, so I actually super glued my hands together and I'm trying to get the super glue off now. And she's like, oh, Okay. And she was like, so I, I might have something that can help. And I was like, okay. And she brings me alcohol prep pads. Oh, that's smart. And she like gives me these and she was like, You can try to do this. And I sat at that sink, I'm not even exaggerating for like 20 minutes trying to get the super glue off.


And the whole time I was like, I wonder if anyone else has ever come into Bath and Body Works from just to wash their hands. I don super glue in their hands together. I'm Probably, but then I asked her that. I said, has anybody else ever come in here like this? I said, has anyone ever come in here with their hands super glued together? 'cause then I was curious and she was like, no, No, No, that's never happened. And I was like, okay. Did you at least buy anything? No. Kenzie bought lots though, so I thought so. Yeah. That's Good. Used all their test samples to Leave you probably. Well Kenzie actually did buy stuff at Sephora too. I knew you were gonna talk about this. I love Sephora. I knew. Oh Wait, what's your favorite thing to get a Sephora? Everything. I can't choose and Bath and Body Works.


Like I have a area in our kitchen only for candles. Oh. Oh my Gosh. Kate has a whole cabinet. Wow. I'll Show you Whole cabinet. Kate has a whole closet, Dedicated candles, bond over the things. One time Kate cried 'cause we broke her candle. Like, and we put it somewhere that's Well, but it Was like a, it was like an exclusive cent that they weren't making anymore. Yeah. That's emotional. It was pretty emotional considering she was like not okay. Yeah, But no, but Cash is paying for I knew he is bringing it. Fine. Go ahead. You can, no, go ahead. Talk about it. Cash is paying for Kenzie's. Sephora trips now. Yeah. That's nice. What One of Kenzie? Can You pay for mine? What? Potentially. Potentially. Oh, because she won the game of volleyball. Yeah. So if you beat me in a game of volleyball, she's shorter than you.


She's shorter than you. So Kenzie played me, she said, I don't wanna play volleyball. And we were like, oh, we need you to play volleyball. We need another person. And I was like, fine. So me and my friend Chase, were like, we will pay you a $50 SE four gift card. No, no, no. That's not how it happened. If You can beat us in a game of volleyball, you know that's not how it happened. What? They were like, nah, nah, this is not gonna happen. Broh. We said, who's the best two V twos? Who's the best team of two in volleyball? Me and Chase? And we said, no, it's Michael and Kinzie. Yeah. They're the best. Anyways, we decided, me and Chasers was Mike McKenzie who would win. And then normally we play fours in Volleyballs, but this time it was twos. So they changed all the rules to two person volleyball?


No. Oh my gosh. He took the L And he Still cannot Admit that it was his own ball. I'll not admit ever that I lost the excuse Has I'll not lose. But anyways, long story short, yes, me and Chase owed Kenzie a $50 Sephora gift card. Really? Yes. She got that. But I already spent it And it was just slaughter. I mean they slaughtered them. Yeah, they, they cash only scored. Yeah, thank you. It was like 18 to 25. Yeah. Thank You. You know what I'm mad about? I wasn't even in the running for potential best player. Do you play volleyball? Me? Yeah. I was on C team in like seventh grade. Oh yeah. So Flex also, Preston, watch this because I will play sports more with you if you give me Sephora gift cards. So I like that idea.


It was literally such a Bribe. It worked though. You guys should come play with us sometime. I invited Preston one time to pickleball. We played by your, did he? Not by your house, but like show up by the airport. By DFW. Oh yeah. Well that'd be fun. Yeah, it's super fun. It's fun. Oh, I have a question for you. Yeah. Do you ever have people slide into your comment section and say, Hey, like go look at your dms. I have an opportunity for you. Yes. Is it weird? I don't ever look. Yeah, it's because it's weird. I don, I never cash for some reason thinks it's okay to slide into random girls dms. No, when he Does everyone's what? Everyone Stop. Stop it. When Casual was trying to be my manager, I Was like, no, no stuck. We'll talk about this.


No, we were time. We were supposed To talk about this on another episode, but Oh. Oh My bad. Well no, you might as well say part of it now. No, no, no. We just hold, if you wanna hear this, go to the other episode. Well now look like a weirdo. Now we need to No, you clarify. We need to clarify this. No way too. No clarify pun. No, no clarifying. Wow. Thanks for bringing that up Kenzie. And making me look like a weirdo. Now I'm a weirdo and I lose volleyball. Yeah, I don't do that. And you pay for girls Sephora trips that aren't your wife. Like I got an opportunity for you. Like if You can beat me and volleyball, I'll Thank you for se support. I Have an opportunity. Go To your dms. It's so bad. And then everyone always tags me when you say that.


They're like at Kate Baker. At Kate Baker. I don't care to type stuff Crazy. So I'm just like, Hey, I have an opportunity for your DM me. Nobody Tells what that means. What do you mean? Who do you comment that, do you Actually Do that anytime? I see. Oh sorry. Just talk about it now. It's fine. Yeah, no it's not fine. It's fine. Trust that's not the Are going through something like they fired Tight on the thumb. The is something else. It's fine. I promise you Cash trying to find Is No, it's, this is all part of the, the Preston's, the aura of it all. Hey, I've tried to talk to Brianna, our guest and y'all are just yapping over there all Talk to You're right, you're right. My mom. Please, Please. Freedom of speech. Apparently Preston is one of six children.


Yeah. And I am one of zero. Well I guess I'm one zero. She's like, I'm a prompt. How'd you on it? Yeah. So he has a big family think, But wait a second. Oh my God. Sorry. Is that an AA ring? Yes. Oh. Oh, I love Our rings. My birthday June 23rd. Don't forget. I want one of those. What the No, they're so good. I literally Is telling cash. So many. I tell him all the time, I'm like, I want an AA ring. And he's like, you don't need a 500 ring. And I'm like, babe, Is it $500? I do. I don't know. It's like four. What does It do? Got it for me. Oh, don't be humble Brianna. I don't know. But it like tells you like it present activity. You're thinking about you. Oh, Preston's thinking about you. I'm sure it does.


It could tell You. That's crazy. I thought it like spins or something. No, it does it not wear, Do you Wear to sleep? Yeah. Oh, it tracks your sleep. I don't wanna wear my watch when I'm sleeping. It feels too bulky. So this, I don't care. That's Really want one of those. I, I hate to go back to the prompts thing, but I just had a crazy, you know, when God said let there be light, that was low key. The first prompt. Okay. It kind of was. He said let there be light. Boom. Like you Guys are acting like God was like typing on a computer though. While he was like, that Is true. He did, I think do this. Yeah. He was definitely like, hi day. We'll come back on day two. He's like, he was like trying to create man and he's like, fine, I'll just breathe into them.


Then a woman take a rip out of them. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, for some reason I just feel like that a ring can't tell you things. I don't know why I just don't buy it. Well if you look At the app and it tells me a lot. Yeah. You actually look at it after. Yeah, I won. Kate's been obsessed with these things. I just feel like they're fake every Time we go into Best Buy. I like put it on. I'm like, eh, It's so good. Do they come in different colors? Yeah, they have A gold one. Ooh, Do They come in different thicknesses? No. I wish it was thinner, but It's A little think it needs like your, your heart rate and your like pulse ox and all That. It's a little chunky. Oh. It like actually tracks real stuff. Yeah. It like tells you how good you sleep and things like that. But if my ring was like you said pretty good tonight, I'd be like, I don't know if you know that.


So you should, how does It know from your own heartbeat of your finger That's there's a pulse in your finger because You have a resting heart rate and like a moving one. I do kind of hear the pulse. Wait. And you, you can't Hear it? No. But like, you know when you go to a doctor, they have the thing on you. Yeah. Or the thing like that. Yeah, that's, yeah. It's like your pulse. Yeah. Sometimes it checks your pulse there. So sometimes Do you think that your nails are ugly? What? Oh. Oh My gosh. I like your nails. No, no. I damn. I was just saying. 'cause my nails, I Y'all got the same nails on. We Got The same nails. What Thes. That is Crazy. I you that in the last Pod, they actually are the same. Oh my gosh. OPI funny bunny and bubble bath combo girl. Ew. Her pinky nail fell off again while her nails keep falling off.


Gross. We Actually, we have A collection of Harper's fingernails in that drawer. Yeah. Here we can add it. And they're real too. And her hair. And my hair. But they threw that away. That hair went to all of our live shows and sits here on every episode. No, but They threw it my hair away. Now You changing the tv cash. The tv. Oh, sorry. I was just gonna watch some Netflix. I didn't mean to do whatever I did. Don't touch the Electronics. So for, so for, did y'all know she takes her her shorts very seriously? I I shorts She Ate. Hold on. Are you watch? Yeah. So actually, oh, there's me and Lonnie. Oh, okay. Oh, don't mind me. Just y'all keep talking. I don. Okay.


Yeah. Sorry, what were you saying? Harper? So She takes her shorts very seriously. She actually took them really seriously. Yeah. So are you telling Yeah, you said that. Anything else you're gonna Say? No, I know that she does. She bought me a sugar glider. Ooh, the shoes. The shoes. I still have them. I wore them two days ago. Oh, you guys filmed a short together? Yes. Oh, that's what you're talking about? Yeah, But she took it really seriously. Oh, Why are you so serious? Well, we, We asked beforehand, like things she would be interested in. We had a whole meeting. So, and you said Sugar Glide? Yes. I'm confused. What is this short? It's a this or that. This or that. And it Sugar Glide not an animal. Yeah, Sugar. Oh my gosh. I'm so, and it glided. It glided off the bookcase.


It did. That's really cool. Cool. It Climbed real high. So you played this or that and then Harper got a pick what, what she wanted. So what I'm hearing is you're a high budget shorts producer. I Don't deal with the budgeting, so Right. I'll play this. I'll play this or that. If you wanna get me a sugar glider, I need a sugar glider for the snake. I'll think about it. What? What? Who said That? I do kind of wanna buy a snake from PetSmart today. Should I? Oh, my mom would kill you. I'll take you. Oh wait, You can drive. No. Yeah. Oh, I would love to just, no, Your mom would kill You. Be at your house when you show your mom your snake. My dad loves snakes. I think so. I think bit a snake. Yes. You almost died from a snake. You still have your Lizard? No, it died. Oh. And I buried it and I sometimes dig it up and see its little bones.


Ew. Oh my gosh. Honestly, you have done what I've always thought about. Why not? I know every kid has thought about it. If I dig up this grave, what bones would I find? I've never thought that. Probably all the bones of the human Body. Yeah, I've always thought about that. Oh two. Like little animal grs and everything. I'm like, look, there's something inside of you that tells you to dig it up, but you just don't. She did. If you dig it up, like after a hundred years, it's like, oh wow. Cool. But digging, I think it's 'cause it's your own pet. It's really weird. Yeah. Wait, did y'all ever As a kid, like raise a bug and then you stepped on it and then gave it a funeral? Or was that just Me? No, that's pretty, that was just You original Experience. Yeah, I did have a lizard, but not a bug. Did you step on your lizard is a rollie polling.


Oh no. But his tail got cut off. Oh no, that's normal. It's really sad. No, I had tails getting cut off as normal. I kept them In my, my dresser. Oh. And my mom got mad at me, so I had to get rid of them. But they were all dead by the time she found them. Yeah. I Had 'em in a jar outside. But this one, I, I decided as a boy and he needed to get married. So then I turned to grab another one to be his wife and I stepped on him. So, And then I Had a burial surface in my backyard by myself. Lemme find your wife. Oh shoot. This is supposed to be most happiest day of your life. You never got married. So yeah, imagine If That was like, like people that like imagine there was like some giant that was just like, okay, and you are gonna marry her.


And then, And where did he stepped on His wedding day? Terrible. And now you have a lady and you have to find a man. So you're, you turn to the next one and you're like, okay, yeah, I guess you can take that one And you step on the weight. God, one time me and Maverick, we built a a turtle inhabit enclosure. En yeah, enclosure. We built a turtle enclosure out of four, two by fours. And then it got away. Oh, the turtle got away. Yeah. Our enclosure was, we're good at losing animals. Do You and Preston have any pets? I have a cat and he says it's just mine. He doesn't claim it. No way. I say the same thing about Kate's dog.


It is her dog. It's not my dog. It's, Yeah. I tell the Preston it's our cat. No. And I mean, I think he loves her secret. Yes. That's what cats is like. Does he like, Does he like, do you ever catch him like cuddling with the cat and like, oh, I know. Yeah. You know, and then the second you're like, Hey, can you maybe put some food up? Not my cat. Not my cat. That's so funny. Never changed the litter box. Yeah. But like, I think some of it has to do with, sometimes I give her more attention than him and he gets irritated and he's like, oh, He gets jealous of the cat. Yeah, He's jealous of the cat. That's, imagine Preston like in y'all's house, just on the other side of the house. Like stupid cat's getting all the attention right now. That's just Like, that he like doesn't claim honey. But then I'll, I'll watch him walk up to honey and be like, oh, hi honey.


Hi honey. Hi Honey. I remember when the snake came, he like took honey outta the cage and started walking away with it. Oh yeah. Sue me. I didn't want our dog to die. That's Good. Okay. Yeah. But can the snake open his mouth that wide to eat, eat? I think honey, that snake could Eat honey. But who do you, who do you got in a fight? Stella or the snake? Stella. The snake. The snake. No, no. I think Do snakes actually open their mouth that wide? Because I swear I think they, I think Stella's taking that snake like a chew toy. Honestly, don't think Stella's getting constricted. I think she is running around and just biting and shaking it. Snakes are animals, y'all. They're, they're not a classification. They're gross. They don't belong. They're literally the devil in disguise.


Right? They are Slither. That's what They Say. Says. Yeah. I mean, God literally told Satan, you will have no legs or arms and you will have to slide across the ground on your stomach. No, when people ask why I don't like snakes, I'm like, that's literally the animal devil chose to be like, this is the freakiest one I Can freak you out with. No, I know it's true. But in, in my recent TikTok, I really thought like I was so cool with my, like with a snake all over me. I was like, huh. Did that video do good for you's? No. Yeah, Me on. I did. Horrible. No, on YouTube it got one outta 10. But you know what Kinzie said To me? She was like, are there YouTubers that don't do TikTok? And I was like, yeah. I mean there's like YouTubers that just don't post on TikTok I guess.


And she was like, I'm gonna become one of those. And I said, They Don't post on TikTok. I hate TikTok. I was like, they don't post on TikTok most likely. 'cause they're so successful on YouTube. It's like not even worth their time. Now I gotta get big on YouTube's weird though. It's like TikTok goes up and down. So weird. And it's so inconsistent with what it likes. Like Harper. Harper and I could post the same video and hers would get 10 million views and mine might like get like 200,000. Yeah. It's like they just pick And choose. So weird. It's so weird. No, like it's like the upcoming creators like have their month of huge fame and then they just fall off. Yeah. Not because That's so interesting. I feel like me and K have never really experienced any like Fallon Should. Oh my God.


Actually Y'all got up. Actually y'all did because Did and then I, and then I came into, You guys remember that one time your views were Down. This is a prompt. You guys were down so Bad you weren't making any money and you had to move out of LA because you couldn't afford to live there anymore because you were down so bad. That's called bad Money management. That was called gaming Addiction bad. Started getting popular and TikTok. And then I found video games and all I did was play video games. No. And then And Then you. And then you started dating me. And your money got up again. Yeah. We were down bad. We were down real bad for a while. Yeah, I remember I came into y'all's lives. Yeah. And then you saved us. And I saved you. Yeah. So y'all owe me a million, Million dollars. And then, and then now her YouTube falls.


I haven't posted in 11 months. Probably a long Time. I know. I don't post something. How often do you post? Once a week typically. Dang. Well I have multiple channels though. Yeah. So, Oh, you're Filming All day? Oh, I say once a week. Across all your channels. I do three a week on gaming. One a week on React to YouTube. Did you do gaming? Yeah. She's a whole that It's so pretty. Yeah. I used to, I started on Minecraft and Roblox for YouTube. Kenzie, we literally Dressed. He didn't do real life videos. No, I saw her, her office area. But I I was gonna say you literally saw her gaming setup. Yeah. No I didn't. Her door was shut. Remember she was in Oh She she was in a meeting that day. You never saw it? Actually, yeah, you're right. When y'all came to when? Second time I just saw a glimpse of pink as she shut the door.


Yeah. I was like Very like, wow. Kenzie and I have our own pink room. We do. I Love that. It's not as pretty as yours. We don't have All the No. And somebody spill blue ink in the carpet the other day. Oh, who? It Didn't tell me About it. Harper. Harper was giving some tattoos in there. No, I, okay. We were doing tattoos on a hairless cat and wait on A cat. Do you want, do you want a tattoo? We still have the gun. No, thank You. You the cat. No, I do wanna put a tattoo on myself. Let's do it. I wanna do, no, I'm kidding. Absolutely not. You. You know your mom FaceTimed us that day. What she saying? And was like, are y'all giving Harper tattoos? If we were like, yes. Permanent ones. Mom, you know What? I'm gonna give myself a tattoo. No You won't. She doesn't know where the tattoo gun supplies are. Don't worry. Do It on your pinky.


No, you can't. You can't encourage her because She loves her mom. Mom Gets upset. Get the No, because I wanna do like right here or like on the inside of my finger. Bri said That, not knowing that Harper will go home and do that just because she told me to. No, but You'll regret it. You wanna know the secret. You don't need a tattoo again. You need a just a ink. She already know. I already know it's A skin. No, we didn't tattoo an actual cat. It was a fake cat. It was like One of those like Silicon ones. Yeah. Imagine there's just a tatted cat walking around. Yeah, there. It's walking through. Just has like teardrops on its face. Teardrop tats. Hairless. Cats are creepy. You Might hate, They're so ugly. Like old people. Yeah. But I like old people though.


Old people are creepy. Like hairless cats. It's like their Skin. Skin. It like shrivels up. Yeah. It's so gross. Yeah. Well I think we're about out of time here. So Brianna, is there anything you would like to say before we end the episode? Thanks for having me. Yeah. Oh, go ahead and plug yourself. My name's Brianna. Nice to meet you. Oh, Do you not know what a, do you not know what a plug is? You like, I mean like, my name's branding. If you wanna, let's just be honest. Our fan base isn't gonna help hers. She already has enough. Yeah's. Not true. Y'all have a huge one. No. Yeah, We, we all, well, some of us do. Yeah, some of us.


Some of us do. No, I on the other hand hasn't posted in 11 months. Right. But Seriously, thank you so much for coming on the episode. We look forward to having you again and we appreciate it. Thanks guys. Wow. Bye. How so wanna? Yay. Why are they, why are they still watching? Why are we doing this again? We're not doing this. No, we're not doing this. It is so awkward. The retention rate is so bad. We're ending the episode now. Bri, will you say goodbye so we can just be done. Bye. For some reason the audience always keeps watching after we're over. Oh My gosh. Gosh. That's in. We gotta stop. Yeah, That's the end. That's the end guys. You can click off. Now. Did they click off? They.