
On our honeymoon. By the way, this guy, his name was Enrique or something, and he trained us how to scuba dive. So us four, jump into the water and he's like, okay, now we're gonna go down and pulls this string on the back of my bed.


This episode is brought to you by Tinder. Sometimes the best relationships start with moments you didn't see coming. Ever been on a date in underestimated the three chili peppers on the menu. Your date felt so bad. They suggested ice cream to cool things down. What started as a spicy disaster ended up being one of the best tender dates ever. Explore all of the possibilities for yourself. Tender. It starts with the swipe, swipe, download. Tinder Today.


We're so done with New Year. New you. This year is more you on Bumble. More of you shamelessly sending playlists. Especially that one filled with show tunes. More of you finding Geminis because you know you always like them. More of you dating with intention because you know what you want. And you know what? We love that for you. Someone else will too. Be more you this year and find them on Bumble.


I think I just won my taxes. Yeah, I just switched to h and r Block in about one minute. All I had to do was drag and draw blast year's return into h and r Block and bam, my information is automatically there so I don't have to go digging around for all my old papers to switch. Nope. Sounds like we just leveled up our tax game. Switching to h and r Block is easy. Just drag and drop your last return. It's better with block


And a bunch of bubbles start coming out. And I look at Kenzie and he pulls her thing, her bubbles start coming outta her and she's like, uhoh. We both start seeking really fast and at this point we're 45 feet under the water And Kenzie was told not to look up, so she's not looking out the at all. Oh my God. We're standing on the ocean floor at this point in the sand. Don't tell me he both is standing on the ocean alone. Can't see the boat. And we're way out in the middle of the ocean. I'm like, oh yeah. This is how we die. What's up guys? Welcome back to the episode. We're gonna start off with the sentence game. You guys ready? Mav go. I was a big Fat Person and I couldn't Really stop Two help Myself.


It Was Really Big Ice cream. What does, what? What? Just messed it up. You don't have this game. It was a, I feel like cash messed it up actually. You Kind of did with big. It was a really big mountain. It was a really big no ice scream. No. How does that go with the sentence Before? It didn't go with the sentence before? Oh, it's on restart. Wait. Also, can we talk about Harper's mic? Y'all hear that? What? Yeah. This thing needs to be oiled up. Oh. Oh my gosh. Dude. That like is our set. Our set is so everything is just bad and not put together. There's hair in this crack and it's not ours. Hair. A hair. You Alright? Matt? Restart the thing. Okay.


Harper Is A Go. Kate. Kate. Hmm. What? Well, you're not paying attention. What? We're playing the game. Okay. Ready? What? What? What? Bro just left our planet for a minute and came back. Yeah. Glad you're back on earth now. Whatcha talking about? Can I come out? Did someone turn you off? You were just like powering down and Wally. Okay. Okay. Kate Is A Super fantastic, Big, Amazing. That didn't make sense, huh? Amazing. It was a comma. See? Amazing.


It made, oh my gosh. Why you guys restart? Super fantastic. Big amazing. Watch me, ma. Do it. Ready? No. Restart. The One about me. Us three. You can do it. Fine. I like the one about me. I, okay. Harper is pink. Couch is outta the game. Harper is, oh wait, okay. Go. Harper is a big loser and I can't wait. Two. Let Ann. What? Oh man. Just go conjunction in. Oh my goodness. Wow. Are you stupid? Are you dumb? Are Maverick and Ca Harper the only ones that Can do it? No. Me, I can do it. No, You can do it. You, we start with everyone but everyone just, no, we're dumb. We're moving on. No, I think we can make one good sentence. There's like gas. We just gotta stop with the NI.


Big. No big. Okay. Okay. Yeahm just Wants to call someone Fat. No, he's trying to get that out there. Listen, just things that come to your mind. You gotta spit 'em out quick. You don't have time. Cash Is A really Dumb, Cute Person And he Once Told Me That I wanted To Hurt A bear. Ow. What? Ow. That's What the bear said. That's from the Bear pob. All of a sudden, what Did she sound like?


She was in pain when she said it too. She was Like to her a bear. It's not like Physical pain. Mental pain. Like, Ow. Oh, you say Owl. No, No Owl. Yep. That's What I said. Bear doesn't make sense either. Bear goes, ow. Oh no. Losing brain cells sweat. He start flapping his wings or bear goes. Ow. Because, okay, you obviously haven't, she doesn't know. She's too young. I think She, I don't know if she Was like, she knows know. She knows the song. I Don Was like 2013. What year were You born? Born? What does the fox say? Oh yeah. Yeah. See it's, it's the fox. What The fox say?


Dinging. Okay. That's enough. That's enough that I can't do it. I remember. I Wouldn't wanna get copyrighted 'cause we sang it too Good. Yeah, I did kind of sound exactly like the guy. Yeah. Annoying. What the fuck You wanna know? Actually, Actually, actually, we should make a song like that just completely random. That makes no sense. We should, and we should drop it on the podcast channel. What does the low podcast kinda like? Rockaway. Rockaway. We wrote, well actually Maverick wrote Rockaway in about eight minutes. Eight minutes for like 30 seconds. Yeah. I don't even know if it was eight minutes. And then we, we shot, and If you guys haven't seen Rockaway, just type in Rockaway official music video. LLL podcast. So many views is that It's a pretty banger song. Yeah. And it took like maybe 15 minutes to put together Completely.


Yeah. With everything we did. Music, Video, songwriting, producing, everything. It Was, it was not very thought out. Some might say we're musical genius. Oh My God. Should we perform Rockaway? Like live? Yeah. Wait, wait, add on. I don't have Rockaway. Oh my God. She doesn't, that's kind of sad. Wow. Rockaway official music video part two. Guys. What are we doing at the live show? Because after this we've done the live show. Oh, the live show. I hope it was fun. Oh, it was definitely fun. Because we have the craziest stuff plan. This live show is going to be bigger and better than like any live show now. The live show you've ever seen. Now the live show already happened. Yeah, it was really cool. Wait, what? But Like tell me what's gonna happen, Like step by step. Like Harper Zelmer, crowd surfing. Yes.


I've always dreamed of that. No, no. Little kids like cash. 10-year-old kids. Ziplining Across the audience. Well, I don't know about that. I don flame thrower In the splits. In the splits. I like that. I have one zip line on my, this foot and one zip line on this foot. Oh yeah. I'll be in the splits with the flame thrower flying through the air. Girl, I'll So get that set up for you if You can. And I'll literally be like, What if you fall and all the kids sketches? No, that's like, that would be like people being hospitalized if You felt yo, but tell me not. That would be the craziest turn and twist of the show. I did a split zip line Through the venue. Yeah, no, we hopefully, Hopefully the live show is fun.


And if you missed it, Hopefully dog. The stuff that me and Kash have came up with to happen at this live show is literally like, I, I genuinely don't know how we come up with these, these ideas. I don know how, I literally don't wait. Can Y'all tell me? No, we can't give 'em away. Well, Harper, you already know the show already happened. The Live show already happened. So tell me, I don't understand, but like, what if something happens and this episode gets bumped too before the live show. That's Good. So yeah, we probably shouldn't say anything. Oh wait, this episode is getting bumped. Yes, it is getting bumped. This. This is why we don't talk about it until after this. The live show has not happened yet. I'm so intelligent. But unfortunately guys, the live show is already sold out so You can get your tickets. But don't worry, we're gonna be planning more shows in a lot more stuff in the future.


So Tell me what city, So okay. Or that, but we're gonna be planning a lot of other stuff so We could, don't worry. Tell us what city you want us to come to and maybe Cas will. Oh, actually, actually, no, no, no. Wait, wait. Maybe if your city gets the most likes on its comment. No, no, no. You know a comment. Can we, it actually, we made a poll. Everybody, the link is in the description. If you wanna go vote on what city we should come to. Yeah. So whatever cities, you know get the most votes, we'll probably come to, but You can only vote once. But the link is in the description of this video. Yeah, because like, what if someone in like London, Idaho voted 600 times? No, It's, it's set where You can only vote Once. That's what I said. It was only once. Oh. Oh, okay. Wait, is there more options for them to choose from or they can type in?


Just type in their city? Oh my gosh. What? No, no, no. It's, it's options. Oh. So if you live in a small town, Town, your option. Yeah. If your options are not on there, I'm sorry. Pick the closest option to you. Hey, your option's not on there. We ain't coming. Wait, what's The song called again? Rockaway. Rockaway. You don't even know the name of your own song. Rock. What the It's not my song. You have A solo Just, yeah. There You go. Song. Matt. Should I say small? Do you have the remix version? I Can we play that I, or is it copywriter? If it's not copyrighted, I have all the rights to it. But that's not the final take. She's blowing. We have another guy that's making the track for us. The track's gonna be even better. Wait, wait. The actual version. Oh yeah, yeah.


We're thinking about remaking. Should I rockaway into an actual song? Well if we Do, we actually do need to give Kenzie some lines. Yes. Yeah. But I mean it's, it's still in the thought process and everything. We'll see if it, me and Ka don't have any lines. We're just group singers then That's fine. I literally just play the drums. Let's keep it that way. Not kidding. Alright. She's Harper's still picking up your skin. I'm just Itching my skin. Harper looks like the bear that goes Ow. Got her. Ow. Ow Guys. Guess what? What? What? Today I told my mom that I got sprayed by a fart spray today at school. My mom. Wait, did You actually Yeah, my mom read it. My mom read it as mom. I just sprayed a fart everywhere I need to get picked up.


She Get you. So she came and picked me up. So she Came and picked me up and said, honey, why is it in your hair? Why are you smelling your hair mom? Somebody fart sprayed me. Yeah. Where? Where's the farts? Oh, somebody fart sprayed you. Yeah, Somebody. Somebody hit you with a fart spray pants. So did She think you Somebody sp spray me everywhere with fart spray? It was disgusting. That hilarious. Did the school get shut down? I mean that stuff's decorated. It Was disgusting. Wait, did she think that you pooped your pants? Yes. My mom and my mom and my mom thought she Has that happened before? Yes. Oh No. Sounds like you've been picked up for that before. So my mom, she's used to that happening. So she usually just comes straight through the school. But this time she was a little late 'cause she had to tell my sister about it.


And my sister was sick running a fever. So. Aw. Reese was also having the Hershey squirts while I was at school. Oh My goodness. That's A funny name for, I'm not even a cat. That mean That pretty hard. Why Are you putting your sister on blast? Your sister loves you so much. I I bet. I've never welcome To Nada Island. Nice on Metro's Nata Island podcast.


I almost fainted when the four new bombshells arrived. Four free Samsung Galaxy, A 16 5G phones at Metro. No way. And finding out the fourth line is free. Thanks God heated. That's wild. Join Metro and get four free Samsung 5G phones only at Metro plus Tax. Bring four numbers in an ID and sign up for any metro flex plan. Not available currently at T-Mobile or been with Metro in the past 180 days.


I bet she just loves you. Such a good Name. I don I wish you wouldn't have said that because now Cash is gonna be walking around saying that And like hey, but it's okay 'cause I relate to you because that happens to me at the gym. You know, like the juicy and sometimes you gotta bring extra pairs of pants. Oh My gosh. I can't believe he pooped at his pants at the gym. Yeah. Pretty crazy. Wait, if you're deadlift in crazy, you're lifting as much weight as I am. You might would too. Well 78. Wait, that happened today. It happens every day. Oh, today. Oh okay. I know you're talking on cash. Yeah, that happened today. I literally texted my mom. I have a text. I'll send a screenshot. That's Hilarious. Listen, I had, so why is She not close? I had something crazy happen today too. Look, look. I am telepathic. I found out.


What are you doing? No wait guys. Listen to the texts. Listen to the texts. I need you to come get me. Are you okay? Why did you, you know, like you just, everyone saw you, you could have just walked off the crawl, did not do anything. I don't actually Think he moved it. Yeah, I just didn't wanna block the camera Like it was worth thumping. What? I didn't wanna block y'all's camera. I didn't feel like the camera could see me so I moved it. Oh guys, I don't think You did listen to the text. I said I need you to come get me. They pe then bring me right back. I just got far bright everywhere and I stink And I, okay. I Can see how she would misinterpret that. And I Forgot my cheer color shirt. My mom said, oh gosh, with two exclamations. Okay, I'll head up there and call the office.


She calls the office and said that I had the bathroom problem. I Can imagine being the, Lemme guess you walk out the office, you're like it stinking out. That is horrible. Smell my hair anytime. It's bad. It's literally in my hair. You can, I was wondering when the office lady was looking at me like this, like she was like, have a good wine. I was like, I was like, guys, If anybody ever says I have a bathroom problem, I just like, like you mind just, we got a bathroom problem. She was like, do you need extra clothes? You're like, no I'm fine. Like, I was like, no. Oh my gosh. Why did you, I mean I, I know that's exactly what happened was there was farts sprayed everywhere.


Yeah. But I just like, she just took it completely wrong. My mom in the text, I said, oh my farts sprayed everywhere. And now he stinked and so my mom came straight into school and said, yeah Miss Mary Harper, she had a restroom problem so we're gonna have to pick her up. It was so embarrassing. Girl problem. No, it was terrible. That's Better at least. Yeah. Her mom said she didn't say bathroom problems. She said girl Problem. I bet she interpreted it as bathroom problems. Like no, I don't think she probably thinks that I ha can't hold my pants. No. Oh wait, that's not my, when Someone says girl problem, you don't think they pooped their pants? 'cause that's not just for girls as we know.


Yeah, no. Can we move on? Yeah. Yeah. But That was a segment, Right? I had something crazy happened today that I like To talk about. No you didn't. I did. No, I did. I taking credit for Kenzie's story. No, I was irresponsible. And So it happened to me. I wanna know what happened. Kenzie. Okay. So I had approximately 40 minutes to get back and Maverick said Don't be late. I don't care what you do, but don't be late. I wasn't late, just so y'all know. But I go to Bath and Body Works. I'm quick with it too. In and out. Five minutes. Okay. I went in, picked my sit and got right back outta there and I looked down at my phone and I only have 2% left on my phone. And I'm driving the dumb Tesla. I like the Tesla but the dumb Tesla does not open unless your phone is turned on.


And I didn't have the key card. So I was sprinting through the mall and I was sprinting through the parking lot, like about to knock over some old people. And I get to the car door and I open it. I was like, okay, I just gotta put it in drive. 'cause once your phone dies, I was donezo and my phone died and I was donezo and I was like, nobody worry, there's a charger. I plugged it in. The charging cord is broken from sitting in the heat in the car. Oh. So then my phone was dead. So I'm just sitting there and so I put it on that little thing that's supposed to charge your phone like the Yeah, whatever that thing is called. It does not charge. I'm sitting there for 20 minutes. 20 minutes there. 20? Yes. Oh my gosh. I did not know that part. I didn't know that either. Wait, I said you finish the rest of the story 'cause this is when you come in.


Okay. Okay. So me, we're sitting here and I'm like, all those guys are sitting up here and we have all the cameras set up and we're like, okay, where is Kenzie? Like Kenzie should, should have been here by now. So I, I look at her location and It says like 10 minutes ago. And I'm like 10 minutes ago. That means her phone is probably dead. So I call her, her phone doesn't come on and I'm like, okay, her phone is definitely dead. Which is not good 'cause she took the Tesla. So I get on the Tesla app and I unlock the car and start it. And then I see the car go into reverse and started backing up, Gone. I Was like, and Matt was like, I guess I'll start it because she might be stuck and it's like car driving. I was like, oh, I think she's been stuck for a minute.


Yeah you did. I said her phone was done. Yeah. And then her phone charged and she called her. She's like, do you want any food? Acting like it didn't just just happen, it didn't happen. She's like, Hey, do you want any food? And I'm like, were you stuck going on? She was like, how'd you know? She said, I thought it was gone. It this Crazy. You just started going. I was like, oh okay. That wasn't cool. That is Crazy. I don't know why it took so long for my phone to turn on, on the charger either. It Is a very unfortunate thing though. It's like if you have a Tesla, you start it with your phone. But if your phone's dead now you're stranded and you don't have the phone. Well That's why you're supposed to like Lowkey always carry a key card. Yeah, But nobody does that.


It's like carrying a regular key. What do you mean It like you, you have a key Every else. Nobody else Carrie Keys for their card. That's what saying, saying. Or You can carry an Apple watch that's and You can have it on there. Yeah. That's like saying carry cash instead of a credit card. Nobody does that. No, but like, like cash. I'm exposing him. Cash does not believe in wallets. Every single credit card driver's license, everything is in the back of his phone case. Wow. Thanks for putting that on blast. So if anybody ever sees my phone laying around, they have all my information. Yeah, She's welcome. So, well I'm trying to encourage him to not do that. But like, you know, we'll never have that problem. 'cause you have a key card in the back of your phone. I'll never have that problem. 'cause I carry a key card with me everywhere I go. Yeah, Matt And Kenzie do. 'cause they're horrible at leaving like credit cards and IDs and passports and just everything. That's crazy coming from you.


Cash has never forgotten. What does that mean? He, you are literally the only person here that's ever missed a flight. No, that has nothing to do with that is not even true. You've missed a flight. I may have. I don know about that. And the only time I missed a flight was when I was asleep at the terminal. Okay. I was there. That's all That matters. I was at the flight way early. We were usually two. No, I wasn't with him. No. But I got to the terminal like four hours early and I was like, okay, I'm gonna take a nap. Then I woke up and the plane's gone. That is kind. That's not my fault. Crazy. Yeah, no, That's kind of crazy. How do you like, like did you just expect yourself to wake up? I don't know. It was four hours so I would think so You should have set an alarm. Maybe that would be the smart thing to do. Well I didn't. Well that's Stupid what a stupid person would do.


But Maverick, he's missed multiple flights. Just 'cause he's like, oh well I only need to get there 10 minutes before the plane leaves. And I'm sitting on the flight one time and I'm like, the door's closing. I'm like, well ma not making it. Oh, I do not think that happened. Yes. Remember I took a picture of the seat next to me and I Drew was sitting there and I said, look, you're here. Yes. And that's the one that you got rerouted in the air? No. Yes. That was one. No, no. That's a different one. 'cause this one was with Pap and Chase and we took a stick figure picture and we painted you onto the plane. Did you? Yeah, the other one that I got rerouted in the air. That one was crazy. That may the one you fell asleep. What? I think that was the one you fell asleep. Oh, I don't know. But the one I got rerouted in the air. Well I'm supposed to land in Dallas.


I'm flying from LA to Dallas. You really shouldn't sleep around planes. It's safe for you, man. I'm asleep on the plane. And then we land and they're like, welcome to Houston. I'm like, okay, hold on. This is not what I got on. I was the real victim in that story though. What Cash had been telling me for weeks, I'm coming to Dallas, I'm gonna be there on this day, blah, blah, blah, blah. My flight lands at like at like 10:00 PM I'm gonna drive straight to your house and come see you. We weren't dating yet, so he is gonna sneak into my house and like, come see me. Sorry mom and dad. What? So anyways, I'm up 10:00 PM rolls around. I'm like, Hey, where where are you at? Doesn't answer. It's like midnight. I'm like fighting sleep. I'm like, he stood me up and I'm like distraught because he hasn't texted me.


And he is like, Hey, I'm in Houston. I'm like, Houston, What If I did that? My mom would shoot me. No, if you flew a guy in and he just like stayed in your house guy. No. Probably smack him in. Oh yeah. I mean, don't do it. I shouldn't have. Well I didn't sneak in. I was like, Houston. Yeah, You didn't make it that night. So, but I wake up in Houston and I was like, Hey, excuse me, I'm supposed to be in Dallas. I'm not supposed to be here. What did They Say? They were like, yeah, there was, What did They Say? They were like, there was a storm in Dallas. And I was like, oh okay, well when can we go to Dallas? And they're like, oh, we don't know. And it's like 1:00 AM at this point they're like, everybody we're just gonna onboard the plane.


Everybody's gonna go in the terminal and just wait. And we're like, okay. So we all go in the terminal and we're just sitting there and it's been like two and a half hours in the terminal. It's like 3:30 AM at this point. And finally they come over the announcement. No one, the whole airport's like closed, like no one's there. The lights were off. They turned the lights off in this one section for us. And how Old were you? Like 16. And they finally come up and somebody gets something, a little intercom at the terminal and they're like, Hey, so we got some good news. We are gonna get you guys to Dallas. Wait and you flew alone. Stop getting ideas Cliff. I Can see it. She's like, you were 16, huh? And you flew alone. Well this why you don't fly alone at 16.


And they're like, we got, he was also a guy, which does make a difference. No, yes it does. I'm more of a guy than a girl. No, you're doing. And they were like, we got good news, we're gonna get you guys to Dallas. It's 3:30 AM We got two buses on the way. Buses. Yeah. I, and they were like, we're gonna bust y'all off to Dallas. Everyone was like, we're not gonna on a bus, we wait for an airplane. And then they were like, well in our, in our agreement when you buy your ticket we can also put you on a bus. And we're like, what? And somehow You can buy an airplane ticket and they can bus you there and that's the same. And I was like, well what if I don't wanna take the bus because it's 3:30 AM and the bus rides like six hours or whatever.


And they were like, well then you're just denying the transportation. You'll have to buy a new flight. Oh yeah. And I was like, no way. But luckily I had a friend that lived in Houston, so I went to go stay with him. Yeah. And I got a new flight in the morning which you had to pay for to go home. Yeah. Which I had to pay for. Yeah. It's crazy. You remember what? But you know what, that still didn't make me as mad as I think I was American. Not spirit. No, that was Spirit. Was it? Yeah. It was obvious. But you know, it didn't make me as mad as that. Oh, the end day. I never like, I'm sorry, I kid you not, I Cash never gets mad at like, anywhere we go. Like, bad things happen. And me and Cash are always like, nah, it's okay. Like we just move on with life. Like I'm telling you, like I never get mad at customer service people, anything like that. And actually, I, I normally laugh at the people that are up there yelling at them.


And this time I'm always been like, how are you gonna get caught in 4K on a TikTok video yelling at the American Airlines employees? I almost did. 'cause I go up to the counter, my flight leaves in an hour. An hour and for the fact it got delayed so it doesn't leave for like an hour and a half or two hours. And I'm like, okay, here from my flight I'd like to check in. They said, oh, unfortunately you can't check in. I was like, why can't I not check in? They said, because it's, it's like 45 minutes till the flight leaves and you have to check in within an hour before. So yeah, we, we sold, we resold your seat. And I was like, what? You sold my seat that I paid for? And they said, yeah, Harper's out.


She's up, she's up, she's awake, she's good. She's here. Like, yeah, we resold the seat because you didn't check in within an hour. And I said, but the plane's delayed. The plane doesn't leave for like almost another hour and a half. And I'm here on this line for security and I'm still here an hour and a half or an hour early. Yeah. And I'm like, the line for security's not long and my plane's back there. I'm here 55 minutes before my plane came. And they were like, yeah, unfortunately. I mean we gave up your seat so you can't come. And They wouldn't fin It. And I was like, well since you sold my seat twice, can I get a refund? No. Yeah, that time. That's crazy. I was like, there's no way. I bought a seat. You sold it again and won't gimme my money back. And I'm here in time for the plane. Frontier Airlines sucks. Okay. You weren't even there.


No, But I Experienced the Suckiness and I, I'll be honest, I'm not even sure it was Frontier. It was Frontier. It was Frontier because it got us again the next week. Maverick, They got you again. My ears are, They got us twice. How? In two weeks. How, how? Because Cash booked a Frontier flight and they sell his ticket because he showed up an hour before the flight. And that's not enough time. And Frontier Airline size twice this Happened, Ken? Yeah. Yes. This happened almost again. Okay. Almost Again. No, no, no. I'm very confused. Kate, Listen, what if Frontier Airlines gave you a million dollars right now to not talk bad about Them? Then I would take that instantly. Frontier Best airline in the entire world. And then They saw this. No, listen after cash.


So they don't make their frontier flights. They have to rebook it. Yes. We, we established that. How did this happen a second time? Well, So then about a week and a half later, cash and I are flying somewhere and he books us on Frontier Airlines and we're like, Ugh. Yeah. I was like, okay. Yeah. Goes I'm gonna, I'm gonna take the cheapest flight everywhere. I don't really care. They yeah, they, they did, you know, mess me up one time, but now I know the rules. So No, you didn't though. It's like he won't give up. Like, can you play? Because, so then this did not happen again. Anyways, so then we booked the flight and I'm like, okay, well we're not gonna let that happen again. So I check into our flight the night before now cash. And I have TSA pre-check, which is like the fancy pre-check thing. I don't even know, we don't like, you get through security like way faster.


I know what she's gonna say now. So we Get to, we get to the airport and Cash's like mobile ticket has TSA pre-check on it, but mine like didn't activate. So I'd have to go through normal security. So We're like, when I, I I, I know I entered both of our pre-check numbers. We Yeah, but on the thing it did not give her a pre-check. Yeah. And so we were like, okay, we'll just go to the counter when we get to the airport and have them like print me out an actual boarding pass with my pre-check on it so I Can just go through pre-check and not normal security. And so we get there. I feel like that would look, you take longer? No, because you just walk up to a little kiosk, type in your name and they give you a boarding ticket. Okay. So like we get there and then they're like, oh, too late to check in for your flight because it's the hour rule. So we're like, oh, Nice a game. So Then I'm like, okay, fine.


We'll just wait in normal security. Now we're cutting it kind of close because security line's kind of long. So cash is like, I don't know if we're gonna make it. Okay, I'm gonna speed this up. So I go through the TSA one since I have that and she doesn't, and I take the bags to the TSA one and she just went through, normally I get to the thing and I'm like, Hey, so they're boarding the plane now and they're about to close it. I was like, you're gonna have to cut everyone in in the line. So I'm freaking out because I, I don't wanna be that person. Listen, like, I like don't wanna make people mad. I don't want confrontation. So when I have to ask to cut the entire, what's Up? Oh, I thought you were on your phone. No. Oh, nevermind. When I have to ask to cut the entire security line to make my flight, I'm like shaking. I'm like, excuse me, I'm about to miss my flight.


Can I go? And I like away. Yes, she's doing this. Excuse me. So everyone's like, SuperFriendly Me, pop. I'm saying, and I'm saying it. I'm telling everyone, I'm Like, I'm missing my flight. Excuse me. And I kind of just start shoving past people. 'cause like, I gotta do what I gotta do. And this old man, Ugh, it's an old man. I say, excuse me, I'm about to miss my flight. I gotta get through. And like, everyone's like, okay, whatever. Like some people have annoyed looks, this man goes, huh, what'd you say? Stops me in my tracks. Does not let me keep walking. He said, what'd you say? I was like, my flight's boarding and I'm gonna miss it.


Turn your hearing aid up. And he is like, What you said? He's Like, well it sounds like there's some board planning on your part. No way. I was like, yes, thank you. I was like, okay, great. So then cash is like blowing my phone up. Like, you better run. You better run. So I finally get through security. You better run. You Better wait, you actually start fine. Or he wouldn't let you pass? No, I shut past him. I Had to. Oh my God. I Can see he that being Like, dude, like I saw the EMS pulling up afterwards, like trying to take care of him. But I get through security and cash's like, you gotta sprint. 'cause of course we're on the other end of the terminal. That is So Far. So I'm running, I got like three books in my bible in my backpack. Like I'm going through it, like my backpack's heavy. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, I don't feel good.


I'm running. Is it the, her she's course? No, no, I'm running. And like there is this, I got the, her crazy. There's like this crazy packed like gate, like hundreds of people. And I'm like, I don't feel good. Like I stop. And of course the closest trash can is the one where there's like hundreds of people right there. And I'm like, Wait, trash Can trash can do me to fart. Or did you need She, she just sat on that trash can. No, I like Gag into this trash can and make this horrendous noise. Are you so serious? I'm so sadly right after that I did like, I'm Like sobbing.


I'm like crying in the airport. All these people just watched me freaking gag in a trash can. And I'm like, And I keep running and I don't make eye contact with anybody 'cause I Can not Did Did anything come out? No. I was like dry heaving in the trash Can. Oh, not dry heating. What the, It was so, because we hadn't eaten, but I'm like so nauseous. I literally, And I'm waiting at, I'm at the terminal. Everyone's voted the plane. It's just me and like the check-in person. And I'm like, she'll be here any minute now. And it's like five minutes until they close boarding and Kate comes, I see her running and I'm like, oh, there she is. And I, I turned to the attendant to start talking to him again. And I turned around and Kate's gone. It's like, what?


She ran past me all the way to someone. So I run, I was like, I'm right back. And I like Kate and she's like, ah, and yells. I'm like, I'm sarcastic spells on you. Oh my God. And I was like, I didn't even get say anything. And she's just like, I you thank you. You made me, I, they hit me my knife. And I was like, what, what happened? And she's like, well, it just really stressed me out having to cut everyone And dry heaving in front of everyone. Like that Was dry.


Why are you, yeah. Why you do that? Because you do that a lot. I guess It's like I'm about to throw up, but in front of like, everybody that's so bad. It looks pretty dramatic. Like she always goes, but like, that's like exactly how I did. Like nothing happens. She just goes, you stick your tongue when you throw up. You stick your tongue out. When you throw up, Eh, you go, yeah, obviously. What do you do? Ah, I don't stick it out. Yeah, you, you, you, Yeah. You go like, Yeah, see that was a good face. Or Like, I don't know. I'm like, no. See her punch goes. I go, no.


Do you do Mentally? Like I Imagine you're about to throw up What? No tone. Kate can't do anything very. No. Just gag yourself like this. Watch. No, no, no, no. Don't do it. I don't want you to throw up now. Don't ever gag yourself. Watch. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Harper. No, no, no. Yeah. Anyways, Mad. Thank you Kenzie for laughing the camera while she, It's like that kind, right? I Go like, it's, I go like, Yeah, I do the same thing. My shoulders come up. It's like I did a giraffe. I I'm, no, I'm more turtle.


Yeah, I'm opposite. I go, wow. That's, Anyways, moral of the story. Frontier Airlines is the reason I had freaking mental issues that day, Dude. And then she slammed me right out, said I just threw up in a trash. I was like, Wait, is that going on y'alls cruise? Yes. Mad. And I so had some issues too. But ours is at four 30 in the morning. Wait, We did have issues. Yeah. When we got there, we had to do 'cause we were going outta the country. We didn't realize we had To fill out this four. Oh yeah. We almost missed our flight. No, No, no. We didn't miss our flight. We almost missed being able to put our bags on the flight. Oh Yeah. We almost missed checking our bags. Yeah. That would Not be, we had to fill out some e immigration form thing, bruh. If you're going, that thing took us so long to fill out because it was like all in Spanish.


We literally Had like 30 seconds to spare when we put our bags on the thing. He's like lost bags. And we're like, okay. Oh, Here's a story I never told you guys about the Hershey squirts. No, Didn't. It's not bad. There's a reason To tell us. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. It Sounds pretty bad. It's Not. I mean, You started it with That. If you ever wanna afraid your Yeah, it's fringes. Then You can just do this. Burn 'em Off. No, just, oh yeah. I guess that's called fringing. But You can just do this if you want. I got you. Okay. What Doing cash? What are you doing? Why? Do you have a lighter? No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hold on. Cash. Cash cash. Cash. Doesn't want your pants cash. Oh, You have to cut it cash so it's small and then you burn it.


You can't, that's catch on fire. Mom doesn't want you doing that. No, she does. Doesn't really work. Anyways. Well that was a good try. That theory's busted. Oh wait, our story. Okay. But I got the story about the airport. Okay, well mine's about the airport. Okay. And Hershey squirt. Do You wanna hear about my story? Is it about the Hershey court in the airport? Mine's about a robot at the airport. Okay, what? Here's about. Oh yeah, we'll vote. Mine's about, That's what I thought. She didn't have a short, okay, so robot, mine. Mine's really quick. Okay, fine. Mine's really quick. Oh wait, mine's about throwing up a throwing up food. And I Can do that. But like, I Can keep you mouth. We all can. No, you can. No, no, no. Like on command Throw up. No, No.


Like I won. No, no. If I have a finger, I Can swallow it and then I Can like hold it in my, in my throat and then I Can like, and then put it back up and, and all the Whatcha are you talking about? Good. I Show you Really Acid coming back up. I really wanna show y'all. It's okay. So like I Can give you a skittle right now. Yeah, no, A skittle gonna stop. Okay. Trust me there. Skittles Right there. Theres ski to the left. What are you, no, you have to chew up a skittle. No, don't swallow the skittle hole. It's a skittle. Why Are we doing like actual gross things? She wanted to do. It is this is safe, right? This is okay. No, I don Those are like, it's safe. Those are gummy. You can get stuck in her throat. Wait, how make you actually Do this? I do this all the time. Right? Okay. Go. Hi.


I'm not gonna smack him. What are you? I'm very interested. Some people like to smack it. No, No. What Is that? Why we smack all Those The time I've seen comments. You know A ari, I feel like we were watching a magic trick, ma. It's pretty cool. Yeah. You know when David Blaine like swallows the goldfish and it comes back, Back up. Wait, not meeting honey. It's loud. I'm sorry. Right Guys. I'm ready. Okay. You're smacking cash. Okay. It's gone. It's gone. Okay. Oh, It's like stuck in your throat. Hey, I Can still talk though. There's no way it comes back. Oh. Oh my gosh.


That's crazy. Wait, I thought she was just hiding at her tongue. I saw that come outta her, into her tongue. I don, Oh my God. Like a mama bird feeding her. He just swims right up. I can do it. I know, I know what you're talking about. Try it. I think I Can. Oh my goodness. There's no way you can, You can literally like mama bird feed cats. You can get, you can eat food on there. Watch out guys. Spit it On him. Kate's About to throw Up. Actually I can't. I actually have to 'cause I can't eat this. Remember? Okay, she's gonna actually eat it. We're ready. And she ate it. Let's see your mouth. I Think she just ate it.


Okay. Okay. It's gone. Did it come back In the room with y'all? Wait, how y'all do it Again? You see it? We see it. Yeah, I see it. Okay. Ooh, you told me. It's just a, ooh, okay. Wait, I didn't know one. Here we go. You Saw, how did you figure this out? Were you like, man, I wish I could eat that again. In Third, in third grade, I had a really bad problem, problem with like, swallowing my food. Oh. And it's carried over to 10 years later. Yes. And like, I, I remember I swa I was, I was about to start reading in Miss Doss class and then I had to swallow my goldfish, but I couldn't swallow it and it was stuck my throat.


So I just stood there and I forgot to, To swallow. Okay, Here we go. Ah, okay. This is actually gross. What? I don't know why I did that. L it, let's see it. Let's see it. Okay. Ew. Why do I feel like I Can smell his breath from here? Think he Just followed it. Why is he concentrating so hard? Bro? Look like he got the Hershey sports. I think he needs a new one. Ah. Oh, it's gone. Ah, it's not going back, is it? Yeah, It's not going back. There's no way I swearing. You got giraffe neck out there. Ain't gonna happen bud.


Yeah. That one Crazy. Realize Now it's gonna come outta my nose. Actually, can you do that? Well see. No, it's gonna like get clogged. Your nose gonna be stumped guys. We should, we should like suck water up our nose and then try to spit out of our mouth. All right, Here we go. Ah, we see it. We know it. We believe it's there. Okay. Okay. As we're good Now it's gonna go Through my nose. I Can is disgusting. Crazy. This bull.


Him sty. Okay, Here we go. The pig like the lion. Suck it up your nose. Then get outta your Breath. That's what I'm trying here face. Dude. Insane. Trying to do this. Oh, it just so disturbing.


It looks like those people who sleep with their eyes open. Gross. Stop. That's gross. It's gross. It's done. You're done. You're done. Almost. You're not almost there. We're taking his mic away, so you'll have to hear that. Swear he gets It outta his s feet. The bathroom. And this has Been going on for a minute.


Y'all won't believe me, but it midway Through I'm up. Got it. Nobody might got it. I'm gonna throw, throw. I'm gonna throw, get a tissue. At least I'm gonna throw off That rejected my mouth. I'm gonna learn that trick And soon. Oh my God. She and I'll be here. Wait, can We do that? Can We do that walk downstairs? Gonna be practicing just sitting there.


How did you like even try like You gotta go. Okay, moving on. Let's do How many Swedish fish You can fit in your mouth. This is my last attempt. No wait. There's no more time. There's no more time. Get it? Okay. Well, well cash tries. Maybe if you lay upside down. He Saw breathing from a bit. Ah, this is crazy. What is happening? Breathe in in really hard.


This is so, oh, he was about to throw up. He Might throw up. Oh, It goes there it goes. The heartburn. Okay, I'm gonna stop Now. I thought he was gonna throw up. Me Too. Oh, I thought for sure he was gagging. Yeah. Okay, we can move on. Did You throw up with your mouth a little? Okay. I Can taste the 12. Yeah. Okay. Oh, Why do you do gross things? Okay, so did, I don't even remember. Oh yeah, my story. Yeah, That's, yeah, It's really short. You said that 30 minutes Ago I had to use the bathroom very bad in the airport.


And I went to like two or three bathrooms. Closed, closed, closed. And now it's bad. And then I find a bathroom and Dramatic. I'm not even capping. No. There's one stall and it's locked from the inside. You have to have like the little like key card or something to get into a stall. Like I'm in the bathroom. But to get into the stall, you have to have a key card. And at the bottom of the stall it's like this big of a gap. No, yes, no gap. It was like this big of a gap. No. And it was coming out of my butt and I was like, I gotta do it. And I get on the floor like this. And I was like, Okay, okay.


This did not happen. Yes it did. No it did not. No, I promise you, you've never told me about this. I don dunno why I forgot. And I, it was sometime I was traveling by myself too. You, and, and I mean, then that's, I mean, that's the end of the story. I used the bathroom and that was it. Wait, What happened? Did you listen? I did, but I didn't look at you. But yeah, I mean, I told you it was a quick story, but Well, our story's pretty quick. We're running late. Well, we're actually, we're in, we're in the, like we have a layover in Florida and we're like in Miami and we're like, okay, guess we'll go get some food and stuff. And we keep seeing these people go by on these wheelchairs. We're like, where are these? What is going on? And these wheelchairs make noises. They're like, you know what?


An elevator hits a floor And it's like, ding. That's what these wheelchairs are doing. Calming music. It's like calm, a calm ding. And they keep making it. And it sounds like a little alarm going off. And these wheelchairs keep passing us and they just go, ding, Ding, ding. Like, what are these wheelchairs going Now it's like elevator meeting. Like Yeah. And then all of a sudden we see these wheelchairs while we're eating, we see them coming back by us. But this time there's nobody in them. They're just, they're just driving going ding ding, ding. All the way back to TSA. It's a Tesla wheelchair. It's a Tesla wheelchair. Autopilot wheelchair. Is that actually? Yeah. And they just get in it. It's not actually Tesla, but No, think of it, you're an old person. You can't read, you don't, can't even find your terminal.


They put you in the chair, they go terminal e gate E 15. And it just takes you all the way to your gate. You get out and, and then the chair just leaves you and goes away. That's crazy. That Is crazy. And, and I jumped in front of him and the chair would be like, Eh. I'd be like, eh. And then, and then it'd start trying to navigate around eh, and like beep at you. And then it start trying to go around. I was like, that's crazy. Was that is crazy. Crazy. Pretty cool. Autopilot wheelchairs. Wait, We also sold the food thing. Oh it was like a, like a, I don't know what you call that. It's like a food robot that just drives around with food on it. Wow. And you can take the food off and pay for it. You can like car What a la carte That is not a la carte means, Is that what you're thinking of?


A la carte? That's what it is. No. Is not. It's when they go around with the carts and you order food. Nope. All the cart's. Like on a menu, hun? No, all a cart. Okay. All on the cart. Maybe that's what's gonna do me. Why is your, what are you doing touching your nose? My nose. It's like has skin coming off of it. Oh. But we saw that on the way back from our honeymoon. On our honeymoon. By the way, you guys may not know this. Kate's been dying for me to tell her. We When you got honeymoon drama. Oh, honeymoon drama. Yeah. This guy, his name was Enrique or something. I don know what his name was. He, I Can don't even remember his, what was his name? ET he called, told us to call him et He was cool.


Okay. And he trained us how to scuba dive. Right. Oh, he Was et Oh yeah. Tell Me what happened about the scuba, the diving. So he trains us to scuba dive and we're like, okay, this is fine. And I had been before, once before, but it's years ago. And so he like makes you take your goggles off underwater and put 'em back on and like teaches you how to get the water out. And we'd go through the whole little class and the next day we show up to The beach. Wait, we forgot a main part. What? There's these little buttons on your vest that like inflate and deflate. So you like sink and rise in the water. And he specifically said, do not touch these buttons. Oh Yeah. Whatever you do. That's a big important part Of the story. Never touch Them. Do not touch these two buttons, which are right on my chest. Like, okay. So the next day we go and we see like the, this other guy who's actually gonna take us scuba diving.


And this guy was not very nice. I showed up, I don't know, I was just at an all inclusive resort. I kind of thought like my bag would be like ready for me on the boat. He's like, okay, here's your bag walk. We had to walk like all the way down this beach carrying all of our gear and get on the boat. That's Just you being bougie my friend. Maybe a little bit me. Be bougie. I don. Yeah. That was a crazy statement. That was like so privileged. You was expecting to have a back handler all And that was no backhander. I paid a lot of money. I paid a lot of money. All these People and these countries that are serving me, waiting in the sun, serving me hand And foot that I paid for. I didn't and my bad wasn't on the boat. No, that is not what I said. Ridiculous. It's like a hundred pound thing I think. Anyways, we get on the boat and this guy, you know, he's, he's all right, but he is not very helpful.


And we're like, okay. And he is like, okay, we're here, we jump now. And we're like, okay, we jump now. And where he had his jump, I kid you not, there's no seaweed in the whole ocean. He parks the boat in the only spot of seaweed. That is true. I forgot about That. That it's like this stick of seaweed where he parks the boat. No, he's, I don Dunno if I could. And he's like, okay, now jump. And I'm like into the red lava looking stuff like, no. And so the girls jump first and then I jump Wait, you're Missing another part. What? So I thought that there were gonna be like 20, 30 people on this boat that are going on this slow excursion. Oh yeah. But it is literally me, Maverick and another girl who doesn't speak English on A big boat. The instructor supposed to have more people, but no one else booked. Yeah. Huge, huge boat. Just four of us.


One of them's an instructor. Okay. Anyways, continue. So us four jump into the water. We swim to the front of the boat and he's like, okay, now we're gonna go down. And actually no, he doesn't say we're gonna go down. Okay. He doesn't say that at all. He just goes and pulls this string on the back of my vest. I'm like sitting there and he pulls it and a bunch of bubbles start coming out. And I'm like, uhoh. And I start sinking. And I look at Kenzie and he pulls her thing and she, her bubbles start coming outta her. And she's like, uhoh. We both start just, we both start sinking really fast. Which is not what you're supposed to do in scuba diving. No. Because you'll like bust along or an eardrum. Oh my gosh. So, 'cause the air pressure, water pressure. So you have to like slowly go down deep and we're just sinking.


And I'm like, I don dunno much about scuba diving, dude. I would've just been singing quiet true row. Dam me. Oh dude, I literally thought we were about to mute God for a second. I was, my lung is just gonna, my lung is gonna explode. It's just gonna, and so we're sinking down and I'm like, this isn't good. That's As if you vape too much like the vape. Just a girl like had too much vape Too. That's what I heard. Her lung just, yeah. It's terrible. Yeah. Don't vape kids don't vape. Don't Vape. But your lungs explode. Yeah. So we're sinking to the bottom of the ocean and the instructor, we're only at this point, we're like three feet underwater. We're just sinking. And I'm like, uhoh. And I look at the instructor and he's not coming with us. And I'm like, wha Well, Oh, did you not see that girl freaking out? Yeah.


Because right as he pulls us to sink us, the other chick that's with us starts freaking out. I, I just freaking out has attach some moisture too. She's like, she's like, you just suck both of them. Imagine. Don't touch me. Don't touch me. Imagine you don't speak English. They strap weights to you in a vest that has air in it and they bought for your vest and you start sinking. And you don't speak the language. No. You watch the other two people sink. That's what I'm saying. She goes freaking out. So then we're like, okay, I guess they're not coming with us. So me And Kenzie are seeking to the bottom and at this point we're 45 feet under the water And Kenzie was told not to look up. So she not looking out at all.


We're standing on the ocean floor at this point in the sand. No. Yes. We touched the ground Standing on the ocean floor in between these two reefs that are huge. We're standing on the sand and I Can, you know, we're standing there and I'm kind looking around and she's, she that she was told Look, followed standing, standing on the ocean for us alone. No, and no dark, can't see the boat. And we're way out in the middle of the ocean. I'm like, oh yeah, this is how we die. Yeah. Now I'm telling you that is a country road moment. We probably looked like, so Like little objects in a, a fish tank. Just like, And so I'm like, okay, well I don't know what to do.


So I look at her vest and my vest and I go, well they told us not to press that button, but I'm gonna press it. So I press it. So I start flipping out this point. She's Like, Don, touch my button. I'm like, come, here's like this My Yes, I know, I know the like fear you felt because I felt that many times before. So I, I grab a button and I'm like, and her vest starts to inflate and I'm like, that was good. Maybe I'll do mine now because short hairs looks okay. Yeah, he Could do mine first. So I, I press my button and we start floating back up and then we get to the top and we puff our heads out the water and he's like almost swam back over to us after taking the girl to the boat. He's like, she decided she didn't wanna come. I'm like, what? He goes on the like, what, what?


And so he's like, we go down now. And I'm like, ah. Then he calls it again. We're like, huh. But seriously, we almost died. That's crazy. That is Like, talk about lost at sea under the sea. Crazy. I did that sea real cake On the ocean floor. Wait guys, look ocean. No. If it comes to your nose, I'll give you five bucks. You get what? I Can give you five bucks. That's not even enough for a Starbucks drink. Well, well I did feel bad though, for the people that took care of us. Yeah. That week. I'm not gonna lie. This one dude, we, the hotel, like, knew who we were. So they gave us like the cabana. Hold on. It came outta her nose. Goodness. It just came outta her nose. No, it did not. She didn't, she shoved it up her nose though.


Oh yeah, she did. Yeah. How? No, because I'm not stupid Harper. And you tried to, that's What I was doing. I believed you dang it. When you gullible women, you Didn't freak out. That's What I was doing. Touching my nose. You're like, I did not want her to think that. I was like, ping my nose. 'cause I was like, because I kept seeing her sigh. I was like, I was trying to shove something up her nose without thinking she's ping her nose. She's like, Anyways. But yeah, we were, when we were also, when we were there, this, they gave us like a cabana for, which is just like a 10 like lounge thing. And they're like, Hey, you guys can have this from like 10:00 AM or 9:00 AM I think it was 9:00 AM to like 5:00 PM Like, okay. We didn't know. Like we had to get there at 9:00 AM The servers were so sweet.


So we wait, wait till like one o'clock to go to our little tent thing. And there's a umbrella. Yeah. It's like a it's, but its not like an umbrella. No, it's like a, it's like two floors. It was like a, it a little, it's Made outta wood, Like a little tree house hut thing. Okay. And we're like, okay, Harper, stop picking his sky. So we get there and we're, it's one o'clock, so we were supposed to get there like five hours ago or something. And this guy is standing there sweating just in the sun. And he is just like, you're late. He Said, where have you been? My friends, I've been here since 9:00 AM Where have you been? Oh my God. Time to get there. Aw, sad. Like one 30 or two, four. Oh my God. Yeah. He, he was literally just sitting there in the sun, like not sitting. There're not allowed to sit. He was just standing there waiting for us for hours. My gosh. Standing. Yes. In the sun. That sad.


That's So sad. For like four hours. Yes. With like his little thing holding the drinks and the thing. And we show up and he's just standing there and I'm like, oh, I feel real bad right now. I've been expecting you. And then it gets worse. Oh my God. So we sit there and we, we go up to like this little top deck thing that we have and we're just hanging out. And about two o'clock comes around, he comes over, this is not fair. He's like, what would you like for lunch? And we're, we are like, oh, okay. So we order food. He brings the food and we're sitting there and he goes, would you like to eat up there or down here? And Kenzie looks at this man who just offered no, no, wait, wait. Offered to let us eat upstairs or downstairs of our little cabana thing. And she says, I'd like to eat in the shade. No, he goes, he goes, okay, no, stop.


Wait. And he sets the food down, picks up, we have our whole table set up with like our table stuff on it and everything. He takes it off, lifts up the table, carries it over to the shade, puts it down, puts our chairs there and everything. And kids, he comes down, she's like, thank you. I thought he said, do you wanna sit upstairs or downstairs in the shade? I said, oh, the shade is good. And he proceeds to like look around like cautiously like, oh no. And he sets the tray down. Okay. And this table is not just sitting on top of the sand, it's like buried in the sand so nobody can take it. And so he's like pulling it outta the sand. And like he's already been sitting in the hot sun for three hours and he pulls it and he sets it in the shade and he puts our food off.


He's like, here you go. Did y'all give him him a good tip? Yeah. But it is still not worthy. I mean the mess, there's No amount of money. Yeah. Like he was out there all day. And what's even worse is the whole time we're sitting there reading books and sipping on our drinks and things, he's just standing. He's crazy about 20 feet behind us. He just stands there waiting on us to order anything. He just stands there looking at us. It felt kind awkward. Yeah. Until we're like, I We did not snap him. We did not snap at him. No, no. But we could have and he would've probably listen. No, that's, I'm so wrong to even like have someone standing there just waiting.


It was so like boozy. But I was like, I mean we weren't paying for it. They gave it to us for free. But I was like, this is crazy. They, the hotel just gave it to us. He like collaborate with our hunting hotel. Oh, for real? Yeah. Oh. And we had a butler. We had like our own personal butler week. Oh my gosh. I Was looking through your snap stories and everything and mavericks and it looked very fun. It was fun. It was very Fun. It was fun. You had Butler? Yeah. Yeah. His name was Alfredo. They, Hey Alfredo. He goes, I am your personal private butler for the whole week. He's texting me like every morning like, is there anything I Can do for you? Says, what would you like? Good morning. We had a butler on our honeymoon. Oh. We just didn't use him. Yeah. It's like, what do you use a butler for in your honeymoon? Yeah. I didn't know what to do. It's like, I'll take a pina colada. I guess. Guess like, I did like him because he got things done.


Okay. That man got stuff done. I called room service. I'm like, can I get a pina colada? They're like, no, I, I text him. I'm like, I kind of want some pina coladas. He's like, I'll make sure you get some. And then he has room service. Bring me a pina colada. Was it All free? All the people. Oh my God. It's all inclusive. When you, like, when you go to an inclusive resort, you don't Usually, I've probably have like 50 virgin pina coladas all week. I'm not gonna lie. I, I, I, that's me. That's you. Wow. Matt, you got diabetes on your honeymoon, correct? I did not. Guys, What time did y'all like wake Up at? Like 6:00 AM or like 10? Like We got out bed at like never 10. No 10. Like I, he was on his honeymoon. We got out bed at like 11. 10. 11. That's crazy. 10 we got at 10.


That's we y'all got out of the boat at eight. I was like, oh. We left the room at 10. The only morning we got out of bed before 10 was the morning we went and saw the sunrise. Yeah. And that was like six 30. Yeah. But yeah. Dang. That's crazy. We went to too, I'm not gonna lie. So your honeymoon on a scale from one to 10, how good was it? 11, zero. We almost died. Literally. I Can you not worst honeymoon ever for almost nine. She's like, I, yeah, I don't, she's like, oh, we almost died. Yay. Memories. It's a fun Experience. So no, that honeymoon might've been the worst experience I think we could have ever had. No, yeah. Had we had we died. Had we died if We died. Sure. But we did it. It realize You got lucky.


We barely survived. Okay. That's not, did you book the scuba diving through the resort or did you find your Oh Yeah. Yes. So did you like maybe bring that up to the resort and say, hey, like this guy doesn't seem safe. No, we didn't tell him. Oh yeah. This guy, he just sticked us and left us at the, the daddy said here's my cheat code also. Here's the tip. Great resort by the way. No, Truly though. It was fine. I would go back and do it with the exact same guy again. Yeah. That's How I feel. Yeah. No would not do that. But I would go back to the same resort I'm gonna, that place was fire Marriage. What? Be quiet about the guy. It was a good honeymoon. Oh yeah. Great honeymoon. Just not the part where we almost died.


Oh, we also, Can you Shoot it? We saw monkeys. I Know, I see monkeys. Wait, what do you mean In Costa Rica All the time. It's not special. What am I what? Tell us about the monkeys. Wait, no, no. What am I saying? That's wrong. Can someone correct me? I see monkeys in Costa Rica tell all the time. I'll tell you he's gonna far in your face. So I said that part was great. No, that part was great. Just not the part where we almost died. I will stand by that. The whole thing was great. The Oh food phenomenal. The food Was Phenomenal. Phenomenal. The the the honeymoon suite phenomenal. The Scuba diving part.


Terrible. We had, You nearly killed me. We had our own hot tub right on the out like it was our own personal hot tub with like this private patio area. Wait, y'all what? The hot tub. Oh, trying to get it back. What Y'all trying hot it At tub? It really wasn't that hot. What hot? It felt like it was trying to get 70 degrees. Is that why you couldn't? That's Crazy. The scuba diving thing wasn't the hotels. It's just the hotels. Like they're, they're like in front of the hotel. Yeah, but the hotels doesn't own the scuba diving. That's kind of crazy. Matt And Kenzie were getting in the hot tub and the whole team on our cruise the whole time on our cruise. Every time we walked past the hot tub and saw people in it, we were like, what are those freaks doing? Dude, there is, I'm not even kidding. I saw adults. We had our own private hot tub with fresh water by the way.


That's right. It was empty when we got there. Oh yeah. Saw saw on our cruise and like 90 something degree weather in a hot tub that is in the sun. It was disgusting. Like, I don't know why. Like how are you? And then this craziest thing, it's like 90 degrees in the sun and it's like all a hot tub full of hot people and hot people. They're like all sweaty and like they're sweaty profusely into the water. They were hot people. No they were not. They were sweaty people. And then on top of it, this lady's just drinking her hot Starbucks latte in the hot tub in The sun. No, she's got a problem. That's, that's a problem. It was Gross. We also Hot tub. We got in the hot tub at nighttime underneath the roof and it was like 70 degrees I feel like. Yeah, It was, it was still warm out but it wasn't like warm.


It Was like, yeah, it wasn't hot. Yeah. But also while we were there, this part was crazy. I've always wanted to do this. Never got this experience in my life. And it was so fun. We got to like not just hold monkeys but be attacked by monkeys. Oh crazy. You come they monkey people. They could monkey if they decided to kill us, we could have died. If you have, I don hear what people say. Monkeys are practically humans. Those things walk around. Like people look at this and they, they're Little figure monkey. I've Seen them do silent language. Cute monkeys Too. They, they were so cute little Babies on their back. They're Called squirrel monkeys. My gosh. If you have a Monkey, they're everywhere. Coming to the live show. We can be friends. One of them was on your head.


I know. Wait, show her the little baby. There was a seven day old baby that was like attached to its mom's back. Shut up. Yes. It Was so cute. I You wanna cry? One one so bad. Oh my God. Wait, did any of them like poop on You? That's a seven day old baby. I, We should get a monkey for the episode. For an episode please. We Should Wait. Wait. We should, he'll climb on the tree and everything. He'll climb. Oh is that a seven day? Oh wait, That's, I wanna see the baby Do that. I'm gonna hire a guy with a monkey to come on to Come be on for an episode. Have You heard about that story that the girl's face got ripped off by your chips? Yeah, those are chimps. Yeah. Chimps. Yeah. Chi Pan. That's why do you have a chimp? And what was his name again? It was like Wilbert. I don, I don know Wil but also like people put a lot of trust in animals. Like Hmm.


Like sometimes you, like sometimes people do trust animals a little too much. 'cause like at the end of the day they are also animals. You, you wanna know what's going like how are you gonna be all shocked when the chimpanzee rips a person's face off? Yeah. I've always said that if you bull ride and you get helped by the bull, I don't sorry for you. You rode a Bull. Well I feel sorry for you, but also like what did you expect? It's Like when they pray before the NASCAR thing, they're like, Keith, keep these drivers safe. As we built these cars, they are supposed to drive at 500 mile an hour, three inches from each other. It's like what we, we pray for your protection Lord. What's a little Contradicting? You know what's funny about the chimpanzee story? The girl. So her friend came over to babysit the chimpanzee and the friend got her face ripped off. Yeah, but The friend did. Yeah.


Oh no. If my friend has a chimpanzee in his house, I'm not Babysitting. But just wait this, wait. Then a year later, the girl that had the chimpanzee that ripped her friend's face off got another chimpanzee. Oh. Oh my gosh. Her friend's still alive thankfully. And like she probably still goes over there but they're not friends anymore. I bet they are. I would forget my friend. Forgive and forget. Yeah, right. You Forgive your friend if she her her pet ripped your face off. I can't forget Anything. Maybe not forget. Every time you look in the mirror you're be like, She can't look. She's like blind now. It's Terrible. Oh my Gosh. Well I'm glad you guys had fun on your honeymoon. Had Great time. Yeah. Marriage just scared. If I had to be honest. Our honeymoon. No, what you gonna say?


It was, Oh, also we got these shirts that you, you just cut me off. I know because you were taking a while. What would you like? Go ahead, spit it out. I was gonna say our honeymoon was Great. Fantastic. Phenomenal fun. Anyway, did you have fun on your honeymoon? I fun. Okay. We had these Sweatshirts. You have fun on his honeymoon. Are y'all done? Yeah. Can't you need to get these? I saw monkeys. I know that you And I went scuba diving. Oh My goodness. You really? Yep. So your honeymoon was a lot of fun dude. Have you ever had a monkey? You wouldn't know the cat. Wanna I Don want a monkey in Costa Rica. Me too. I Tried to couch Yelled at me. Okay, go ahead Kenzie. Thank You.


Geez. After I've been blabbering on about nothing. Wait, Were you talking Harper blabbering? Yeah, I was talking. Okay, Can you guys stop talking? Remember? Oh Kenzie yesterday. Do you guys not remember yesterday? I literally was like, Hey Kenzie, go ahead. Were you in the room? Were you in the room when we talked? This is like between me And Kenzie now. Were you in the room when we talked about that yesterday? No, she wasn't in the room. Oh Well when you're trying to say something and they just keep on. Yes. And they were like, I was like, hey. Like one thing I would appreciate is like a lot of times I say stuff and like you'll talk over me and completely ignore me. Or like I try to say something and like, you ignore me and ignore me and ignore me. And like maybe just sometimes like taking what I say into like a little bit of consideration Was you honeymoon fun. Yeah. Overall good time.


Okay, I'll talk to Kate. Y'all can Kate just go ahead and turn their mics off. Okay. I know you thinks this is cringey, but you need to get those Mr. And miss sweatshirts. Okay. I promise you because we went to the airport and we cut through the line like four or five times. Dude C you could've, you, you would've had the As to cut the line workers Just kept coming up to us and you those little things that like pull off of the pole and they're like go Through. Not only just that, okay, I'm talking, I'm talking, you get up to the, the security thing through customs and you know how you have to like go through the thing. It's like M and it spins around you, but they have the other little thing that's just the metal detector. You don't have to take everything off. They're like, y'all come through here so if you wanna take over an airplane, wear Mr. And Mrs. Shirt. Yeah. No That's, no. But no. Even when we were Going box the first class baby, When we were going to the Dominican, a completely different country.


Whenever you go into a new country, they're supposed to recheck your bags even though they check them in the other country. Yeah. To make sure that you're not bringing anything crazy in. They were just like, oh You can just skip this line. And we were like, wow. Okay. We skipped customs. Yes. It's Insane. Alright, well thank you guys so much for watching this episode. Thank you Harper. You're not having fun. No, I wish I was in Costa Rica. Okay. In Costa Rica. We'll see you guys next time. Bye. Bye.