
You know who I miss? Who do you miss? Harper Maddock. Who? Oh, she said she Mrs. Maddox. Do you actually miss it? Oh, You've moved on, huh? Oh, no, no. That's okay.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Green Light, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, You can send money to kids Quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today at greenlight.com/spotify.


Live from Radio City Music Hall. It's the SN L 50 Homecoming concert featuring performances by Arcade Fire. The B 50 twos, Backstreet Boys, bad Money. Bonnie Ray, Brittany, Howard, Brandy Carlisle, Chris Martin, Dave Gro, David Burn, Devo, Eddie Vetter, Jack White, jelly Roll, lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Mumford and Sons. Post Malone, the Roots and more. Celebrating 50 years of SNL Music streaming now only on Peacock.


I think I just won my taxes. Yeah, I Just switched to h and r Block in about one minute. All I had to do was drag and drop blast year's, return into h and r Block and bam, my information is automatically there so I don't have To go digging around for all my old papers to switch. Nope. Sounds like we just leveled up our tax game. Switching to h and r Block is easy. Just drag and drop your last return. It's better with Block.


The thing is, I'm pretty sure he wants Gigi. Yeah. Wait, so is this the end? I guess it's an end of an era. Killing X's. Cats Key part because I did, I did say no. You can. Someone's cat. Yo. What's up guys? We're back with another episode and in today's episode I'm not ready. We're gonna be doing something super crazy in today's episode. We're gonna be doing this. Oh man. Okay. Well everyone's going crazy. Yeah, yeah. Hit what? Kenzie, what are you doing? We just started. What is she? We just started the episode and she's already run off. Is she already run off before we started the episode? I'm out of Lemonade. That's very lemonade.


Lemonade Rings Your rings. I don't want People to think that we're like not married. Lemonade. All Right. Everyone knows we're married, sweetheart. How did you Wait, wait. Your ring on last episode. Oh no, I don't think you was. Oh no, you heard It here first folks, Matt McKenzie. Were not together. Last episode. We had been to both for 45 minutes. We back, man. Everything is okay now. Dude, it's such a hard decision in life, man. Is deciding when to order your Uber Eats. Like you mean DoorDash? This episode will be like an hour long or, or something, right? But it's like, It says it should take 15 to 30 minutes. But is that lying to me? Hey, what should I order it now? You know what's good is we're not sponsored by Uber Eats or DoorDash. So I Can say this. I hate Uber Eats. Uber Eats, eats and DoorDash.


I hate them with a passion. What if They wanna sponsor Smith Answer if like this to sponsor. I'll take it back a month from now. We're gonna get like a DoorDash or Uber Eats host read ad and i's gonna be sitting there on the couch. Like, you're right. Uber Eats is one of my favorite places. I mean, you're, you're right, you're right, you're right. It always arrives on time and hot and ready. I just, enough for me to eat. I do like Uber Eats in DoorDash sometimes. No You don't. Why don't you like them? I don't like 'em because it's two things. It's not really them, actually. They're not the problem. It's the restaurants, you know what I mean? Okay Then so you don't like the Restaurants, so when you order like McDonald's, that food ain't quality. So it's like it's meant to be eaten. Right. Then right away, right away, I saw somebody recently grab a McDonald's burger and put it in the refrigerator for later.


Yeah. That's crazy. That is insane. I've done that. Oh, I mean that's just, I know somebody that does do that. They order like 50 burgers and then just take 'em home and keep 'em in their fridge and then warm 'em up. I don't do That. That's Crazy. Literally stick it in the air fryer with their hungry McDonald's liquor, straight air Fryer, McDonald's just, It's one. It's Actually i's why I DoorDash last night and it came cold. What did you get? Water broke. See, that's why I never like, it is, it's always cold. You, you get a drink. Yeah. If you get like a drink, that thing's gonna be watered down or I mean, wow. S That's what you get for being lazy and just ordering your food. You just Ordered your food and I'm not Complaining. It was really good. I can't happy I did it out Yet. Hey, hot. Take the only thing that You can order food wise, that's good. Or at least for me.


Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza somehow is always good. I knew you were gonna say pizza. Well, what else do you order? Burgers. This is just Fat conversation. Chinese food. Chinese. You know what's crazy though? I've never, well, I'm about to order Panda Express right now, but I've never actually like ordered Chinese takeout like they do in the movies. Like they call like a pizza store and like pizza. Yeah. Why is that so popular? Yeah, I've never, because bring Aesthetic Panda Express trash. Fake Chinese Express is pretty good. Noodles tastes like literal cardboard. I love Chow Chow. That's not real chow. So trash that Chow. If they would take you like peanut, if they would take out, listen, if they would take out all the lettuce in that, in the chow.


The ine. Yes, the actual noodle. Wait, you how You can that though? I mean it's like cooking the noodle. Real chow. What? Then you don't have to do all that. Wait, what? What She talking about? Go to The rice pot. It's fantastic and they give you 10 times more. It doesn't taste like cardboard. Wait guys, what do you think? Pot. You need to try the song. The summer's gonna be what? What do you think the song of the summer gonna be? This dream isn't feeling. We're feeling through the Man. What's the song called? No, I think it's gonna be, you know Me Better by Catching Fabric. Yeah, probably. That song's gonna be coming out in like probably two months. But what, what's the song called? Oh, Lemme find No Mystery Isn't Feeling Jalen. All y'all gotta know is in about two months we're gonna be dropping a song called You Know Me Better.


What? Super Cut. It's gonna be You Know me better. You know me better or or be called Better when I'm lost. I'm looking for help. There's giving up all the info on it. Sorry. No, no, no, no, no. You no. It's like a tease. Tease Tjr. Good little tj. What is, go subscribe to Cash and Maverick YouTube channel. Super cut. Super cut. I'm adding It to Playlist. Do you wanna hear that song? I'm making a summer playlist. Mom. You're making a summer playlist? No, that's, she got a card. She's like, I need a summer playlist. Sorry. I, I fumbled. I'm gonna have top down. I wanna make sure I'm playing good music for everyone else to hear. Super Cut is the in my h radios up. You keep wanna To talk about us. Nothing is worse though than when you connect to the car and just, everyone's like, dude, what?


Can you disconnect? Oh yeah. When you get asked to disconnect Is mad Embarrass Never to me. Yeah, it does. Yeah. He to, he just doesn't, no, never does. All kids you listen to is that Once on Goes He, he, he, There's multiple songs like that. It's in one second and he has the voice. He Yodel more. That was more like singing. He's yodeling pretty much. He's like, You can't do it right. Can't do it. Right. No. It's more like, that's Pretty better. That's better. That's pretty good. Yeah. That's Kenzie's music Kids. What do you song On the summer? The summer's gonna be, Oh, I'm gonna, I'm so skewed. I don't have the correct answer actually. Mine's escapism. I know it's old, but Scap, You wanna How bad Down, bad Ken be is. Oh, summertime. Sadness. Obviously you wanna know how bad I listen to all the music.


I wanna, my favorite is Ian Mun and he sounds like a violin and y'all can't ever How bad down. No. How down bad Kenzie is. Downtown Kenzie is down so bad on her culture and age or whatever you would like to call it. Whoa. She didn't even know who Jake or Logan Paul was. Did you know that? Okay. That has nothing to Do with my age. It has nothing to do with my age is I was not on social media. I had an Instagram and that was It. That's what an old person would Say. And I barely even got on it. No, It's not her fault. She's from a place with no internet. Oh My gosh. We have internet. No, that has nothing to do with my age. 'cause multiple people my age love social media and they know all the things about everything. I just, I feel like you're honestly like an alien. If you don't know who Jake Logan Bars one of those.


You're not front here. Like, yeah. That's just not real Guys. We should do that game where it's like, it's like you say the word and you have to name a song with that word in it. Or sing the song from the chorus. I like that game. Oh, I sold it on tug and was willing to try it and I was trying to play along with their video and they would say a word and I'd pause it before They Say something and it would legitimately take me like five minutes to come up with one. It's hard. What They Say a word? I think they were faking it on their video. Say a word. Okay, so I say a word and then I Can say a song without word in it. No, you gotta like sing it so it's Boots. You gotta be like The Boots. My boots. Why did we say the same one? Well that's just because that's the Boots song, man. No, It's not. It's these boots were made for walking. What were You gonna say?


I don't wanna, I was gonna say the boots Scoot and Boogie. I mean there's a lot of boot sounds man, but okay. Boot. Yeah, but they give you weird words like this. Yeah. Remote. Remote. Not, not happening. Oh, I'm like, I'm in remote control of your Anybody. No, I got nothing. Wait, remote. Remote. See, it's hard as fruit, man. I'm telling You can remote Alex help me out here remote. Alex, Alex, Alex. Alex is a song guy. He Probably got like five minutes remote. Choose your word. That's too, too hard. No. Yeah, Let's do it. Okay. Fine. Chair. Unforgettable. Unforgettable. How about that Unforgettable Chair. I know one. George Strait. You got sing you guys Chair. That's my Chair's, my chair. The song? No, you gotta sing the song where It says chair in it.


Oh hold. Do you guys s The I have it. I have it. Or this chair is what it's called. I think Here. I told you this. We gonna have so much better than y'all. I'm so much better. What is that? What is the Taylor Swift one where, where she walks into the cafe on a Wednesday and she falls in love again. What? And I went say and a cap beginning again when? Excuse me, but I think you got my check Dude. See all Kenzie's songs? You just know she didn't know who Jake and Logan was. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay. Next word do. No, I have a chair Song. Barbara. It doesn't work. If you ask for the world. Oh wait, I got another one. Likeable. I I got it. I got, I got it.


Defeat. I in whole purpose of the Game walked. I walked in expecting you'd be late, but you got there early and you stand and wave. I Walked. You pull my chair out. Help me. No know how this game works. You're using your phone, the words and you can't look it up. Yeah, that's not the game. Oh, let me just chat. GPT real quick. I got one. Like ready. I have one. I don dunno where the lyrics are And I Don got it. Okay. Okay. It goes something like this. It's like, does your mama know you dance like that dance in that chair or something like that. Chair. They Say, Wait, does your mama know you dance like that? That's paper chase's sauce. Are you Serious? Does Oh no. That Miles, that is not Kay and Miles.


No Pa And chaser Booty helmet. Like la Whoa. Does you mind, I'll give an easier word. Ready? That's all Musically. First one to get it ready? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Microphone. Oh, in the microphone. I say, and it Would've, yeah, it's my, okay. Ready? Ready. That was good. Camera lights. Camera, camera. Action. Action. Okay. Okay. Ready? Ready. La la. Alright. First one to three points. We're restarting. Ready? Okay. First one to three. I'm good at this. All Right. We need buzzers. Wall. Push me up against the wall. No, I will call, here's a seat. Making up a song. He Just made up a song. I did not just make up a song. What? Come on.


This is easy. Whoa. Push me Up against the wall. Oh, I, I, I got one. This is So easy. I I got it. It's the, it's the window song. Yes. To The window. From the window to the wall. To The wall. That's what I saying. I went point. Yeah. Kenzie got Onezie car.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please. For the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mid mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


I got my track On top of cars stumbling out about math. What? Oh, that's you actually that's, that's a song. I feel like Mavs just gonna start singing and just making up a song. Yeah. I can't trust it. Wait, one Jonas Brothers one, one games, video Games. It's you. It's you. It's all for you. Everything you do. It's like tell about time Heaven is the place on earth with you. Wait, is that actually a real Yeah, the audio games. Okay. One. One one. Did They Say games? I don you talking to Say Yeah. C Games. Oh yeah, It's you. Yeah. Okay. Cash Nose is Alana Sun. Baby, you're my son. And Moon. No wait, that's the wrong kind. I think he meant the other sun. Well, I mean you don't know what they did Sun by that.


Wait, Sun. What kind of sun did you mean? Like sun. I mean either way. Call Son Sun Specified. But it is crazy that it is tied up right now. I could play this game all day, but we are on a podcast. No, no. 1, 1, 1, 1 Ready? I mean This is gonna take forever to get to three if we're all getting at one point at a time. Alright, ready? Ready. Go. Next point wins. No, no, no, no. First three Mav Play. We always tries to do that. They both do. They're like, next point wins. You'll play an entire game for two hours and they're like, all right. But the next one wins. It's You feel like you're gonna lose. You gotta say that. You're like no. Alright, this one's for all the My rolls. Okay. Okay. Ready? First of three glasses, whiskey glasses. I don't wanna see the truth.


There you go. Oh wow. There we go. No way. Matt wins this. Wow. Matt. A lot of music math One point away. I'm locked in. Okay, we'll go shoot Don. Step on my blue side. Shoes also Ground Don Step on. No, I said it first. Don't step on my blue side shoes to Harper. What? But I said it first. No, I don think you did first. I got the shoes first. I said don't step on my blue side shoes. That was way better. No, I got Why Don? Did she even say I got it first First, right. Ground red shoes. I think I won that, but maybe not. Two. 2, 1, 1. You guys better do something over here. Alright. Look at how locked in he is over there.


Do he? You look so goofy. It ain't Plug your, because you'll talk. Then once y'all start saying that's about to be so hyped. If he wins this hurry sometimes. Ready lock, lock in, ready door. Knock On mine. Don't close. Or the the door. I'll show you the door. I Literally, she was literally Sticking. Did she get, did she didn't say that She got it. She Got, did she say door? Yeah, her. She got it. Your ears were, what did she say? Well she didn't, can you unplug your ears? So she, what did she She Yelling over me. Yeah. And I got to it for, she said I'll show you the door. Okay. No You didn't see the song because I did. That's it. I know it means more. I'll show you The door. I know it means more to you to have it so You can have it. No, no, no. Lizard. Two points That I won. I won 2, 2 2, 1. I one twice.


No, it's the first person to start singing it and get it. I did. I sang it. You said like show you the door. That's what I said. I said it soon. Ready? Teddy swims. Next point Wins. Except Kenzie Highway Highway. I Can Is that popular to work? Alright. Alright. Next one. Which, which is crazy. I've 0.3 times. It's okay. Alright, ready?


Oh no. Everyone lock in. I'm gonna get a hard one and then if y'all can't get it, we'll do it. Different. One. Ready Frame. Looking at the Picture On my, on my bedside table. Frank, what is that song called? I got a Picture. No, Frank, Anybody got one? Is that song called? Yeah. You. You framed me so I let it go. Okay. We don't know. We don't know. She burned the picture Frames. Is is the Chris Stapleton song? Okay. No one knows it. No one knows it said it. I just said it. No, no. You gotta sing it. I didn sing it. I was like a something. Picture frames quick it. Okay, whatever. Alright, next one. He won four times. Ready?


3, 2, 1 tv. I'm a TV girl Talk right now. I just wanna watch TV free. I just wanna watch tv. Kate won that. I mean that's a crazy pool. Look At him. She did not win. He can't accept the I won three times. He getting mad. Doesn't do good when he loses. He might rage on this three times. I won three. Here it comes. I sure is four. Dude, he was like, I think four too. Kate one. He was like, Chris stay with a picture frame. Should have counted two. He's like, no. She didn't know she didn't win anyone. She didn't win. Won the game. Crazy. Well won the game. Well Now I'm the winner.


Does anybody know the song I sang about the Door? No. What was the door song? Y'all should fact Check me because I don't know either. No way I won. No you didn't. I Won's two Trick Again swings one. Which means, means I definitely won. Get su two. Two again. Alright, next. Ready? The word Crap. The word is tire. Tire. Tire. I talk about key two side. I mean, that is a song that looks anybody Got it? I duck Kids. Got it. I think you, I give it to kids because It means more to her Technically. No, no, no. You're not giving me nothing. I won that square Speed round between you two.


Ready? What's up? I won baseball cap. What? Oh, I know so many songs. Baseball cap. And I Can uhoh my back, my caps On. Okay. Sweatpants. You can wear My, No, that's cheating. You get on. That's not even, You can wear sweat. Oh. Oh yeah. That's not the spot. Let's do a speed round for all of us. No, we have to move on from this. Yeah, this is a fun game. I like this game. We'll Play when we're not Actually maybe You can play after Ready Nintendo Switch. I don't What Do, oh wait, I know know. I know it. I know it. I know it. I know it. I know. But is that to say switching it? No. Okay. Leva lap. Like Nintendo.


Yes. There you go. What is that song? It's, it's P Chases Brothers. First. You got first. It's like he got first it's Jones'. Maybe Chase have a song like that too. Well she about to level up like is All Fascinating. 30 minutes. 30 minutes. I'm Guessing this is all highly fascinating. Could Be man and outta breath. It's tiring. That's, That's all you had to say was is highly Fascinating. Yeah. Guys, I love my lip glom. Oh, did I steal it? No, it Was, it was Summer Fighters. The Treatment. Definitely like knowing all downstairs, they're like, Okay, what are y'all talking about over there, Josh? Lip Balm. People at home are definitely like guessing like all the right songs. Yeah, I disagree. Matt was like, can we get past this? Just a podcast. I think people are home having fun. I feel like playing when I was watching, when I was watching it on tiktoks, I was playing along.


Me too. Okay, well y'all let us know if you're having fun or if you clicked off, please just be like, I left. I left. Or I skipped through It. Dropping this dislike if you hated it. Guys, make sure to subscribe to our channel here because we're trying to hit 3 million subscribers. So, but if Actually a race. Yeah. Harper's also trying to hit 3 million subscribers. Yeah, So it's A race. See which channel can hit 3000001st. So if you like me better than You're Gonna be better than you know. This is you though too. You, me, better myself. I've almost had a million on YouTube. Maybe I'll get there this month. Wait, What are you at? Maybe 8 million. 8 63 K. Wow. Kate's gonna get a million. He's getting close million.


We'll see. Do you get a plaque at a million? Yeah, but Dude's just so out of touch with everything. A plaque at a million. Sorry. Y'all get a plaque at a million down here. When you hit that on YouTube, You know what a piece of crap Two, I'll tell you, they all have their hundred thousand plaques and their 1 million plaques or whatever. I finally hit a hundred thousand. I get my plaque in. It's half the size. No, I, I'll go get it. I got a miniature plaque. Hey, if it makes you feel better, my million plaque is gonna be shrunk too. I'm getting a fun size million. Hey, it's true. I, I'm Glad that I got like, Hey, it's half size for a half size person. Imagine They sent me a full-size million black. She'd be so mad. Oh, I was gonna send you a full size. In my mind though, I was like, man, I don't think they, man, I'm growing. I'm finally getting to their level somewhat.


Not really, but kind of. Aw and no, I, I'm so tired of you acting like you're just struggling to make it through. 'cause I Took me three years, three years of my life to get 1 million followers on TikTok. My god On TikTok. I mean that's just something you keep to yourself. You know? It seems like she's like, I just, it's taken me six months to get so to Million. That's pathetic. I did that in a day. Okay. Literally. No, no, no. I'm looking at the plaques. So here's the 1 million, the original 1 million plaque. Yeah. Well actually YouTube had plaques before this, but this is like the modern day Harper. Stand up next to it so we Can get a size. I've using it for a couple years. It's about the size of my torso. Pretty huge, right? What plaque is this? Million Cash and Kate. So here's the million YouTube plaque, right?


And then when you hit a hundred K, oh, stand by. He's Fumbling. Stand by. When you hit a hundred K, you get this one. It's pretty good, right? Pretty good size. L little clips. Nice thing. Go on your desk. Bear Me About half torso. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a shelf Decor. What's one? This Lll clips is what this one is? Yeah. Here is the new 100,000 plaque. About The size of my belly button. And that would be mine. Yeah, I mean that is just so much smaller for no reason. That's really The size of my belly Button. I mean, YouTube started making it way too easy to get subscribers so they had to shrink it. Like look At how much smaller it is. It's like it was out of budget or something. Like come On YouTube. It's like you open a mini brands And by the way, the 1 million plaque is now this size.


That's Horrible. Are you Sure? Are you kidding me? Have you seen a million plaque that size? Yeah, it is crazy. I saw it on the YouTube. So look, I don't know if he Did. I did. I watched a, I watched a thingy on it. Look, this, that's so tragic. This is now the 1 million and this is now the hundred kit. What's The Like, come on. Did it cost that much more to make the big one? Wait, Hold on. What's the 10 mil One? I should have hit a million, But 10 mil is like just a, they actually still still like diamond one. No, they made it smaller though too. It's, it used to be like this big or something. Now it's like this big. They made it inch. It's Because it's easier to get subscribers now. Are you? Now it you a chance to start posting? Are you crapping my pants? No. No. You would crap your own pants. Oh, If I got the 10,000,001, I would start crapping my pants uncontrollably.


You literally do have, what If we hit 10 million on the pod this year? I'll Start crying. No, if we hit 10 million on the pod, I think we'd be the number one podcast in the world. Really? No. Joe. Joe, what Does Joe Rogan have? He has like 16 mil, but he's been doing it for like a hundred years. Yeah. Joe doesn't even count. Hold on, sorry. There's a podcast then. Then there's like Joe Rogan. Yeah. From podcast Joe Rogan watching our podcast. How? Wait, how old Joe Rogan's kids? I don think we're getting 10 million after we dropped that song. Oh my gosh. Yeah, that song Y'all were 10 million. I'm sorry. I Don Dunno why we, why we Allowed Y'all were like, y'all like at least, at least 1 million in a week. It says 700 K. Hey, hey Anna. I told you Mavin Mavin a paper walking around.


They were like, this is gonna hit a million so quick. I was saying it wasn't even just that. I don't think so. It said Maverick wanted to drop the song. I said, I really don't vibe with the song. Why are we 35 on podcast list? That's not True. You did vibe and I remember when we filmed it, you were like, Should me 35 podcast list. Hey, I don't know man. I do. I think it's a funny song. I actually like that we put it out. Yeah, but I just shut up. It performed how I thought. Be quiet over there. A little ducky. Candace Owens. I like How I would think Would Before's Just funny. It's funny, she's Funny. That's, I've never heard someone say that honestly. But guys, we are gonna start making some more music. Like we were saying, we're gonna drop that one song. What was it called? You know me Better. Another, you know me Better. Like hopefully too much.


Also, we're gonna get Harper hopefully making new music and then Also, but not as auto tune as theirs. And then Also, Yeah, Harper Harper can actually sing. We can't really sing, so we need auto tune. Crazy shots Fired. Can't gonna mix something up together. We should Kind and Time music. Not that Are, not that, I'm sorry. Kate And Kenzie drop a sword together that We should, We should show them up. You Know, let's make a song And it'll do way better than Cash Max. Hey, can you write us a song? I don't think he's doing that, babe. To Ignore Us Song. I, I truly think We need, we need a song with Kenzie, Kate, and Harper. A Girl song. No. Kind of the vibe of you. Remember every Song, Harper? I wouldn't hop on that track if I was you.


I just, I would, I don Well You can Carrie for us if you'd like. That's fine. Yeah. I don I just wanna go on stage at the live show and blah blah, blah. You know how, you know how Cash and Mav and Queen Bee, they're just kind of there, but no one knows why. Maybe it could be like Harper and then Kate And Kenzie in that way, you Know? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, that makes sense. There's a new Queen Bee and then Har and then Kinzie are like every one step aside, there's a Wait. I would like to disagree with that statement. What? It makes sense. I'm there in Queen B, I literally sing like half the song or whatever it's called. I what's called the Backtrack. Backtrack Of course the whatever that's called the backtrack. I don the course verse whatever. But Maverick on stage. Whoa. He doesn't really sing any of it. First off, I actually sing almost through the whole song.


I'm an under track on Harper and yours. Yeah, he is the under stuff Underdog almost. You're The understudy mare. It's okay. No, I'm there because y'all didn't sound good enough by yourself. That's the problem. Yeah. Were you actually on the actual song? I I backtracked the song. So he claims, I don't know. I I I'm on the song. It's kinda like when your little cousin is at the Hangout and your mom's like, you guys gotta let him hang out with you. You know? No, It's kinda like when you let the little cousin do the song and you're like, all right, I'll go in here and like, you know, Fix It. Yeah. Yeah. Harper's gonna drop a a new song though and it's gonna sound way better. Yeah. Than Queen B and Kate And Kenzie and Harper actually Not sound way better. But Queen B's just a d it's a dish track. I just mean like an actual song guys queen.


But I don't think it's gonna do Good because none of our songs do good. What the It's not true at all. Except for your like Space Cowboy and other Guys Literally Space Cowboy, whatever it takes. Queen Bee. Could you guys Like those all our like proposal videos Are good? Yes. Queen Queen be did pretty good by like The proposal wanted to hit 10 mil. Really? Wow. Mine and Kate's proposal. Vin Kinzie's? Yes. Are you tapping? Why you keep tapping me? Our Can you give us a live performance of Space Cowboy real quick? No, that's okay. Space Cowboy And the Do the force thing and Mav like fly back. No, that never happened. I feel like it should have Space Cowboy or was it the country girls? They were like dancing. They were like, Yeah, the girls did. The Country girls were dancing. Space Cowboy Look with the full, oh, How they did it.


That was pretty accurate. I feel Like I didn't even watch his video, watched that video. I've never seen any of y music videos. Really? I watched What? Hold up. What did you other, other than the clips that Mavis showed me, I've never like watched the full things through. Has Somebody Watched your husband's music videos? Do you wanna know how many has has? She's not really a fan of me. It has Has on YouTube like 130 million Views. Wait, how do you know that? No, that's whatever it takes. That's, that's whatever it takes. Isn't that crazy? It might even be hundred 53. Crazy. Wait, what? I've seen One music video all the way through. It's y'all's proposal one. Wow, you Cowboy The only, I don't think so. Wait, Should you guys Space Cowboy What? Cowboy Space Cowboy. Should you guys refill Space Cowboy? No. But instead of hiring three girls, like you did put us us three as the girl dancers.


Oh it is? It's at 140. Oh, it's about to hit one 50 million. So I thought I knew it was Cliff Takes. It's about to hit 150 mil. Oh my Gosh. A 50 million on a video is crazy. That's Crazy. That's like Mr. B or two hack that one. Honestly, we'll probably be there by the end of the day. Yeah, they, they posted it the same day. The Spider-Man trailer called whatever it takes came out. Oh actually. So they dropped their song called whatever it takes. That's so scary. Do that on purpose. Nope. No, but it Just worked. There was multiple Comments, like what you said was so close to accurate, but it just wasn't That's what Cash told Me. What? That you guys dropped your, That is a true statement. Well, no, it wasn't Spider-Man or something. I don and AV on the motorcycle looking into a camera. Oh, I don't care what movie.


I just know there was a big movie trailer that was like whatever it takes. There Was some comments that were like, who thought this was the whatever it takes for something? No. Yeah, it was because they were like, who else was waiting for Spider-Man to pop out? It was endgame. Endgame. It was, I'm not a marvel. There you's like, well there's Endgame and the multi person Spider-Man and it's not the same. Do you ever watch whatever it takes The movie? No. The music video. Yeah. So do you know how Mav In the beginning he's like, ah, yeah, but I got you. And then he like goes on the motorcycle and then he is like, whatever. And Wait, so I have a question. How did you two decide who was gonna get the cool part of being the one to chase on the motorcycle and who was gonna get kidnapped? Tell me. Just like the one giving tell, It actually ended up because of this, because of our age, I wasn't allowed to, I was, I wasn't a Allowed to drive a motorcycle, Whatever, motorcycle, whatever it was.


I Can, I couldn't drive a motorcycle on the highway or, or it was a rental motorcycle or something. What it was, I don't even remember that. I don't even remember talking about it. It just kind of happened. No. Yeah, you had to be like 18 to drive the motorcycle or something. How old was he? He could be, but I don't think it really determined who had what parts. It was just like, we just kinda went and it's just like, you're obviously Gonna kidnapped maybe cash just knew it so he didn't bother arguing it. So Matt, you just feel like that it Was just one of those things. It's like if someone's getting kidnapped, it's, it's cash. Well, yeah, but it's weird. It's a weird situation because if someone was also saving the day, it'd also be me. So it was harder to decide. No, I think everyone just naturally knew I'd save the day. No, no. I don I think That's what it was. If you guys were to do it again, would you switch roles? No. No. I'd be the bad guy this time.


The, And I'd be the kidnapper. Here we out. We have the kidnapper on the podcast. Ask her why she did it. Oh Yeah. That's funny. Wait, yeah, we, where did y'all find that? Girl? Best Buy actors.com/oh, Did the producer like hire her evil people? Best Buy. Best Buy. Whatcha are doing? Whatcha Doing bro? Best bye. Whatcha you doing? A girl kidnapped you in this video? Yes. Yes. She very strong girl. No, what happened is she, she got goon. She walked by and the boys were talking and Mav was like, she was like, Hey to Mav. And Mav was like, no, some Explain it how He'll watch the video. Kenzie. I'll go watch the video, honey. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. He is like, Hey, what's up?


And hopefully we have more music coming out and Then cash is like, and then Cash is like getting into the garden and he's like, hold on bud. Hold on Bud. Yeah. Cash is getting like grabbed. He's Like, He's like, he's like, Matt, Matt, Matt. Yeah. Just go watch the video honestly, please. And we don't need Ignoring him. He's like, yeah, yeah, bug. He's talking to this girl. And then cash gets kicked. Okay, that's Enough for the play by play. And then There's like drip blood. Okay, Stop it. Every part of the video, Matt steals a motorcycle. Kate Kate's going, she's just not stopping. And at one point, castings these really cute with bullet Dr. Guns. You, I'll just read the whole script. Okay. Let's just do that script. But yeah, hopefully we, we all have more songs out and Harper gets a s song out before tour, dude. And then I wish I had perform on tour to s and I was songs.


But the thing Songs thing is, I don't it to be like a little kid song. I, We should just do it anyways. Like, you know how Billie Eilish started when she was around my age? Yeah, Yeah. You wanna be Billie Eilish? Oh yeah. That's, that's just a little something light. Just Billie Eilish. I feel like If we just sing one verse a day, then we can make a song. Yeah. I'll be honest. Kenzie, you might have some, what's that word? Potential Potential hurt my feelings. No, you might have, it's gonna hurt Mine. Yeah, it's maybe that's hurt mind. You might have some potential. But Kate, unfortunately I have tried and tried and tried to get her to sing and she just, she just can't, You know how good a music video? I, you can't. No you won't. No, no. She just won't. I tried to, when you try to get me to it.


No, I'm, I'm sitting on the microphone. She's like, okay. And she puts the headphones on, she's like, hello? And I'm like, no, sing. And she's like, okay. I literally had to sing for our music video We did. And the entire room is like, it's not getting better than this. And Kate, Kate could have potential if she would actually sing. It always is so stressful when y'all are like, no, no, no, sorry, it's not great. They're like, so, They're so mean. They're just like, we're They mean? We're just go. Nope, try again. No, but it's the fact that you guys have been in there, you'll all been in there for like six hours trying to get this song recorded and now you've heard the same line over and over and over and it's just not being hit and you're just like, it's just not getting better than this. Let's just move on. Nothing's worse than when you hit a line in the studio and you're like, kind of killed it. And then every you look at and they just go trying. Now do it again.


Oh, the worst is, yeah, when the producer Sitting there, oh, chase, would that chase, Chase deletes the take. You're like, you're pretty good. And you look at the screen and he just deletes it and you're like, I guess it wasn't good. Nothing hurts your ego more than that. I know. Yeah. But Tate actually could see she has potential because I hear her singing in the shower and stuff and it sounds good. And then you put a microphone in front of her, everybody Sounds better. And She's like, she's like, oh, from me. That is not true. She hates microphone. I, I try to sing, I try to sing in the microphone From, but it's okay. I didn't marry you for your vocal skills. Well try to sing really good for a second. And I didn't Marry you for your bank account. We're both telling lies now. What? That's crazy.


Kate, try to sing as best as you ever have. We need give her a song. You can hear it on Rockaway. No. That is the best I've ever sang. Hey Michael, come on. Come on Michael, come. I knew you were gonna ask me. Michael ever comes on the podcast and We don't know why because we came into our YouTube video. Kenzie, What's the worst thing you've ever done in your life? What the married you? That was pretty funny. I, oh, I liked it. I didn't think it was funny. I I thought it was pretty hilarious. I'm not Laughing. I Ever did was Like The meanest thing I've Ever, ever the meanest thing you've ever done in your entire life. Oh, meanest.


Like, yeah. I thought you said worst, worst, meanest, whatever. Well, meanest and worst is two different things. Okay. I don't know. It doesn't have to be intentional, but like, you could, I mean, kind of intentional, like maybe you hit a car then you drove off. Like there's meanest and there's worse. Like worst decision ever was, should have all invested in Bitcoin. You know, that's in 2010. But You did, I did hit a car one time, but the person was walking up to me and I was late to something so I gave them my phone number and I was like, here, You can call me. And they're like, oh, okay. Yeah, like that works. And we agreed upon that. They never called me. I've Had multiple stories. I'm sorry. I'm How did that have to do anything With you? I don know. He said something about hitting a car and leaving. Yeah. So what's something bad you've done? You know what's kind of One of those? You said something bad about somebody and he got back around to him and then they were like, wow, Kenzie.


I thought we were friends. Anything dude, That's happened to me. She ain't gonna tell the real story. We all know it is 31 Minutes. Basically it's 35. These things just won't die though. Oh wait, I think you've been going the whole episode. We started it right when we started the podcast. I bet it's supposed, I bet it's supposed to be like a 30 minute timer then. No, no. Yeah, I It's still going. Yeah, it's been over 30. Maybe it's 30 minutes. Both of you go. No, One time I was at our apartment complex and I opened my car door and I hit the car next to me and it scratched. And I was like, okay. So I left a note on their windshield, like three days go by and they never took the note off their windshield. And I was like, they must be out of town or something. And then I finally told cash and he was like, what?


Why didn't you tell me? And I was like, I don't know. And then he went down and he, he spit on his finger and he rubbed the scratch off. So I took my note back. Yeah, literally. I was like, where's the scratch? He said, right here. I was like, it's done, it's done. 32 2. The 32 minute timer. Oh thanks guys. I was like, and it just came off and I was like, you're really about to make us pay for that. Well I thought that but your car got scratched. You were pretty good recently. Yeah. You were. Talk about that. Yeah. Oh, I know something mean. I did. Oh, what's something mean you did. But that person doesn't really know that I did it. Oh Well That's, they don't watch this anyways. But it was like, I think like seventh grade and this guy, that's When all girls are evil man. Do they all seventh, eighth grade. They're just evil.


Little girls are evil. If you're a seventh grade Girl right now, try to be nicer because there's a very good chance. You're just not super nice right now. And it's okay. They just Don't care about it. You'll grow Out of it. But anyways, seventh grade girl, This, this guy really, really liked me and I was just not about it. But I never told him I didn't like him and so he would just like bring me gifts and stuff and I would just like discard them some ways. But for Valentine's Day, he spent like a ton of money. Like he bought me like $120 perfume and he's in seventh grade. So I guess his mom bought it. But Oh my God. Are you joking? Dang. That is more for you than Matt does for your Birthday flowers. He, he bought me this bracelet and I like mouth cash. I was like, I don't really want any of this.


So I gave the perfume to my mom. I gave the bracelet to my friend And I don't know what I did, the flowers, but I guess that was, and that was the Neat thing. That was the meanest thing. Wait, wait. That was the meanest thing. Wait, wait. I felt like that was really mean. Didn't Tell him. You didn't tell him because you wanted to keep getting the free stuff. No, I just didn't wanna hurt his feelings. Aw, that's nice. That is Nice. That's, no, she's glazing herself. You've definitely did some ruthless things. I know. It's tell me some mean stuff you've done. I'm really Thinking You've done something mean Harper was the meanest Nevermind, don't answer that. I've done mean things. I'm a mean girl. I can't lie. Harper Just got great, I used to do some mean things To Jason so fresh. Yeah. I used to do some mean things to my sister. Oh my God.


But she also did some mean things to, I Can tell you tons of mean things she did to me. I was always so much small. You were the victim. I was, I was always so much smaller and she used to like chase me around the house and I would run into my bedroom and I would hide behind my door and like try to lock it. But she was so much bigger than me and she would just push the door open so hard that I would get stuck between the door and the wall. But we didn't have those little door stoppers. So you have a door Stopper? No, but she would push the door so hard that the door kinda like wrapped around me because we, we didn't have those expensive doors. We had those light hollow doors and the door handle would like go into the wall so forever I had like a big hole in my wall 'cause from the door handle. But then I would run around in a circle around my room screaming and I would take the lamp and I would pull the lampshade off while the lamp was plugged in.


I'd turn it on and I'd be like, come at me. Come at me. And I would like try to burn her. That was pretty mean. I, I just imagine Kenzie stuck in the door like a freaking pig in the blanket dude. Just like I used to make wrapped around little sister cry all the time because I thought I was way too cool to be hanging out with her. So if she tried to hang out with me and my friends, I'd be like, go home. And that's what Reese does and she would cry. That's what older siblings do. Matt did it to me too. No, True. So sad. Miss Did, when did I do that? You actually, you and mom. What you'd go over to mom and be like, I don't want cash hanging out with me and my friends mom would be like, cash. That's Matt. Those are Matt's friends. You can't hang out with them. That's not true. Wait, your mom said that. That's not true. They're older than you. Wow. No, That's not true. No, I believe it 1000% that happened to me.


I believe that. Yeah. And you know what, when I brought my friends over, they thought JC was cool. So instead of hanging out with me, they'd go hang out with jc. Yeah, that happened too. Have ever have to get to hang out with anybody. She Is like J's friends I couldn't hang out with and my friends didn't Me come over and they're like, oh, your older sibling has a license. Oh we wanna be friends with them instead. Yeah. Yeah. It's always so annoying. And then my sister becomes best Friends with my best friends and then I'm like, are you kidding me? We're Just all talking trash on her siblings and I'm right here. First of all, no was the only one that's not Well actually no, you and Kate are the middle child. Yeah, my Mom did that too. She would be like, Child, my friends aunt, not yours. Whoa. I was like, we have three middle children on this podcast and two youngest. We don't have one oldest. We need an oldest.


No, they'll try to like make things in order and like be on time. Try to fix the hole in the wall. Yeah man. We need chaos. That's, I had some, that's why we have the younger children. I, I had something on here that I wanted to say. Oh yes. Speaking of the kinzie in a door frame. What marick? One time when we were like of the 13 or whatever, he literally the door is still broke to this day. He completely destroyed the entire doorframe and door. Yes. I did my door at back of my house. Now when you open it, it opens like this. Oh wait, It doesn't open The door. Annoying door. I'm supposed to open like this. It gets stuck. It opens like This.


Ma, you should pay to get that fixed. Well listen, I don't remember what It's just off Its top page. I don't know what he did. No, no. The whole door frame is the wood is completely snapped. Oh, shatter. You should pay To get that fixed because that's your parents' house. Well I Don't know what, first off they chose to raise us. Okay. They could've gotten rid of us. Okay. I don't know what he did. Do you remember what you did? I don't know but all I know is I never went faster in my life than when I was trying to run the door to lock the door. When Matt was chasing me that door down. I kicked that door down, did not kicked, slammed my body. I don't remember what I did. Nothing's worse than when you're running from your sibling and you try to shut the door and lock it and it's like It slams on Yourself. Nothing's also worse than when you're in a fight with your sibling and something breaks and both of you are all like, oh no, what we done, you're like on the same team now you're like, we gotta hide this.


Yeah. And then y'all become like friends by the end Musical drama. You get McDonald's and eat for happy ever after. Happily ever after. Yeah. Except we never got ice cream. What? We never got ice cream. What do you mean from McDonald's? Maam, you eat ice cream all the time but I didn't get it as a kid. Yes you did. Why are you trying to make Yourself sound like some poor child? He's victim blaming the ice cream. We never got ice cream. That's crazy. We had to share our fries and burgers. Want Pook? That is such a valid thing for kids. What? You tried a bazookie? Yeah. SA pazooki. Have we tried one? I used to call it a bazooka. A bazooka. I like that better. We Went somewhere and the guy was like, can I get a zoo? Said that. Ew Zach Don't call it A zoo.


Zach said that. He was like, should we get zoo? 'cause we were like, what the heck? The zuki. I'm like, it literally starts with a pee my man. Those things are banging up so you don't wanna shorten it that way. Can I get some poo? Those are one of my favorite desserts. Chocolate chip warm cookie with ice cream. Maybe two p please. The strawberry shortcake one is so good. No chocolate chips. I tried that one. It's so good. When people get anything besides a chocolate chip cookie. I mean that's just disgusting. Well no, like the, the brownie that's pretty good. Chocolate chip cookie or snicker noodle. Those are the only two good types of cookies. I, couple weeks ago we went, bazookie I got a weeks ago we went went to yeah a BJ's and Cash ordered a pazooki and you know they have like the normal size and then they have the like single serve size and so he orders the single serve size.


He's like, I don't want the big one. And the guy, I think he just assumed that the whole table wanted like the small size one. So he brought everyone a small one that ordered one and Matt was in the bathroom when his showed up and Kinzie ate like half of it. 'cause they were sharing one and he comes back and he is like, what the frick is this? And he Was like, he was, he was like, what small Pook. Why was a small, like that's weird. I don't know how you got that But I, I told Kinzie she should have ate the whole thing when he was in the Bathroom and, and Chase was doing it too. Matt and Chase were both going off on their pookies on how tiny they were. Kinzie's always getting match. She's like, you don't need ice cream. No you don't need that. You don't need That's me on the Stacey's. Hold on, hold on.


I Can need a red dive. 45 1 2. Oh man if I wanted. So I was like, hey I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Wait the guy comes back. I have the bike of Pookie. This is, they order me a mini Pazooki. No You, this is halfway not true. And you know it. I never tell you. You halfway Means also halfway true. Halfway true. And you know it. No, because you Talk like Mare. Do you know that she does talk like to I'm done. I'm sick of this podcast. True. And you Okay now here's the truth and I'll tell you straight up, Maverick tries to eat. I don dunno why said like that. Don't worry. Stop. Nobody. Just, he's not deprived. Don't rewind.


Just cut that from your brains. Anyways. Maverick. Tracy That dumb. I thought you could get her down. Lemme Talk. Maverick tries eat ice cream at 12 o'clock at night when he lays down in bed. That's crazy. Oh, That's crazy. Okay, Mr. Slim. Jim. Yeah. Whoa. Slim Gym Nutri is for your body. You need protein slip chip is Not good for Your body. Yes it is. You need protein. I eat Pringles Slim gyms and Skinny pops. The additives in Those snacks, Skinny pop, skinny Pop is like fine Slim gyms And Pringles. Yeah. I eat skinny pop slim gyms and Pringles and I have, what are you saying? My entire drawer is filled With that. Pringles are the fattest ship You can get. Yeah. And I feel like Slims not good for you either. Well, my six pack would say different. Ooh. Whoa.


Wait. When you turn 30 and you don't I don six pack. I'm gonna remind you Of that. Well, you're coming up closer to 30 than I am. Okay. I I think I'm done with this show. Wait, I wanted to hear your story. What was my story? Maverick eats ice cream cash. Like he just Fat. I eat six Like I'm listening Me And you. He eats ice cream at midnight and then he also has at least three root beers a day. But he drinks a root beer also at midnight. And I'm like, just go to sleep. You're not hungry. Just go to sleep. You Ever think if he be ice ice cream and then eat root beer? Do you have a root beer flow inside your stomach? Yes. I take that all Can't be good for my stomach. It's just combined in there. It's like drinking coke and then eating a Mintos after you.


Oh yeah. I try to control you cash because you'll walk around. Control me see issues, control issues. It's Way I try to control the food he eats because he walks around on a high horse like he is some sugar free Does he does Do that. He does do that. He's Like, I'm so healthy, I eat sugar free. I'm like, no you don't. I So I'm never say that. No. Say You say that once day, Low sugar, don't eat sugar. I eat low sugar and everyone always claims that. I said, no sugar, sugar, low sugar, fat. When he eat that's not remember every day. Eat just as much sugar as not more. Not That. Not that.


That's for, That's a crazy statement. That's true. Crazy statement. That's not true. That's not true. Crazy statement. And you know that I eat less sugar than Kenzie. What bar? Yeah. No, That is true statement as well. She eats a lot of ice cream. Me in the fridge? No, that's my ice cream. It's all max. You have five times Ice cream. I know. You eat the cherry ice cream. There's No cherry ice cream in the freezer. But do you know that I could have a whole bag of sour patch cakes? A whole bag in one day and it would still be less sugar than your five meals. Oh, that is bull crap. I don't even order dessert. Let you order five meals. No. And oh yeah. You guys wanna To talk about fattening stuff? Well, Kate's gonna die first because she eats Diet Coke with every meal, which is one of the worst things to possibly eat.


Diet Coke is so bad for you. But I'm so, I love Alani a Diet Coke. That's all I do. Lonni is So bad too. And all of you, and I mean all of you be drinking drinks that have freaking caffeine in them. And caffeine is not good for the society. Not good for society. I beg to differ. It's not you just, you know, morning you need caffeine, then you run off caffeine. No, no. You and you have crashes and you know you need to run off of protein. I feel Like, I feel like Diet Coke does need to go. Yeah. Honestly, I know I don't need it, but I love it so much. I'm getting kind sick of it. No, I love it. It's so good. And I just like, it's like vanilla coke almost. I'm just, I, I love it. Like if I'm eating freaking, what's it called? If I'm eating Chipotle? It's like, oh, it hits with Chipotle.


It's so good. I didn't get one though. I don't have a Diet Coke. I just ate Chipotle and I didn't have one. Can't gets it with every meal. And then every once in a while, not Every meal, I get like one A day. Like ev like every once in a while I'll be like, I'll take an icy please. And she's like, really? You're gonna eat an icy here in front of everyone? No, everyone, you're gonna die. I don't do that. I don't do that. Because that is, that is a horrible thing to do to him. I don't do that. Shame me in public for my eating habits. That Is not what I do. It's because I's, I mean, no one shames you in public for your eating habits. I'm trying to like help and you know, it Help. I'm trying to help and you know It, and you know, it's sad. That's crazy to call that help. I'll tell you that. Yeah, I don't need help. I want the Red Dye 40. I won't say anything. Oh my gosh. I, I try to look, I try to be, what's it called?


My favorite soda ever was red, big red. And is That what Red? Oh, that's orange. That's what Reddy 40 does. And they, that would be your favorite soda. They sell it at our school still. Big Red is low tea fire. No, they sell It at our school still. But you can't drink Red 40. So I threw it away when it was all filled up. Big Red is nasty. I'm just really hesitant about dyes now. But you know what Kate also says, we go in the gym and she's like, help me work out. I'm like, like, I Haven't said this In months. She's like, do, do that. And I help her work out and I'm like, come on one more rep. And then she's crying. I don wanna do this. And everyone in the gym's looking at me like, what a horrible dude. And then we get in the car and she's like, you're really gonna eat that.


You're really gonna eat that. Wow. Can we Get like 17 tacos from Taco Bell right after our workout? My man does. His Taco Bell order is fat. Why does everyone complain about my Taco Bell? When you say stuff to pick you up from Taco Bell, it's literally half the menu. He's like, Hey, can I get a Mexican pizza with double cheese? And then also I need four Doritos Locos tacos. And then can I also get four pack of Cinnabon of Delight? I also would like a Baja blast Mountain Freeze. And then, and I need Four soft Tacos. And also get me four Softgel tacos. See that's the part where you get soft natural fries. I purposely do natural Cinnabon delights or the Baja Blast freeze. You have ordered sugar many times. You've used, you've made those I Sugar. No, I don't eat the Baja Blast Freeze or the Cinon Honey listen, I, I'm being so y'all Harper Sue's gonna something.


Yeah, for The next episode, let's order or let's get Mentos and Coke and put 'em in a mouth. Ate a lot of taco about in our I like That. In our mal. I Can make that happen. Yes. Really? Yeah. What are you gonna say? Kenzie? Can, I was saying your diet is like, when somebody's like, oh, I'm only going to eat salad, but then they pour a whole bottle of ranch on it. It's, I'm sorry. It's just not healthy. I love ranch. Okay. That's my point. And I don't see what's wrong with ranch. If you're eating a salad and you got a six pack like me. No, I, I just pack without a six. When we go to the gym every day, I'm the, what do you want to eat after the gym? I'm gonna go home and make us some breakfast. And if he wants tacos, I will make you tacos. And the tacos that I will make you are going to be significantly cleaner. I thought that.


And you know What? Talk is a Taco Bell. You know what? When you go to the gym and you eat afterwards, most of the time I don't even eat 'cause I'm a skinny queen. What? It's because you ate yourself to sleep the night before. That's True. You ate so much in bed. Do you know what Kate said that the other day? She go, now that I think about it, you get mad at me for eating a lot. 'cause it's sitting there in bed eating my skinny pop. We posted a TikTok about it. I'm eating my skinny pop in in bed. Lights are off. I think she's asleep. I'm just eating my skinny pop. And she Turns over you trying to open it so she doesn't eat it. She turns Over and she's like, cash, you are eating yourself to sleep. And I was like, and what about it? She says it like it's a bad thing. Have no idea, idea. I know the same crap.


No, I'm sitting there, I I'm sitting there. I'm like just watching an episode before we go to bed. And I'm like, oh, just have my root. Where'd my root beer go? I got a full one downstairs. I brought it up here and it's gone. I'm like, Hey, I've had to resort to hiding keys From him. Goes, you don't need that. I go, I go, what do you mean I don't need that? I go, well, can I have it? No, I drink it. What? What? That's crazy. The other night I just said it on my side table And she drank it. That's wild. You Don't understand the rage. I felt though, when I am asleep and I wake up to this, Hey. Oh, fast.


Listen, Do you hear the noises he's making? Hey, I'll pop this up on the screen. The noises he makes when he eats like Ing. What does that Mean? What You said, mom, why are you taking photo of us? Why are you flashing? Oh my God. That was my mom. I'm sorry. I thought that Was my mom. I know, I'm embarrassed. No, but I appreciate it. You know what else is bad? The other night, Kenzie got a root beer. Okay. And she, and she put it into a, into a silver cup. So I wouldn't know it's root beer. Wow. Yeah. And then I'm like, I mean if that's not fat, I don is what she drink over here. And she's like, it, it's root beer. I'm like, oh well can I have a sip? She's like, no.


I'm like, well no. Gimme a sip of that. So I started to reach over there. She's like, no, no. And she drinks the root. She's choking it so I can't have it. That was the best thing a he seen. Wait, I Have a question. I had to yout do it because of the sugar or do you do it because of his teeth? Both. All of the above. Like sugar. So sugars take one for the team and eat it yourself. The difference is I don drink all the root. The difference Can't Have. No. The difference is I'll have one root beer like a week and Maverick will have four root beers a day. Not one a day, one a day. No. It's just not, You can back and that lasts like two weeks. No it doesn't. I buy two 12 pack. She them, she restocks it.


And you think that they just last forever. They're lying to all of you. Don't listen to them. Don't listen to them. Not Izzy at the store. I can't believe we're putting this on the internet. No. Just straight lies. One time Izzy and I were at the store and she was like, Ugh, ma asked for root beer. And she's looking at it and she's like, he just does not need this. I don't know why. Yeah. You know what she did? She Got me the little six ounce root beers. She Bring them home and Matt's like, did you gimme root beer? And she's like, and he is like, where are they? And she goes in the pantry and he opens the pantry and he is like, Kenzie, What the fuck Frank is this? What am I a Toddler? Literally this big guys, you know who I miss. That's big. You Know who I miss. Who do you miss? Harper Gerald. No worry. He's back here. Kenzie just not wait to be like, are you about root beer with people?


It'll be great. Wait, who do you miss? Harper Additives and Lja. He's here for you. Headaches. Who? What? Headaches. Who? Hadley. What did You just say? I don't know who she said. Tell JR one more time. Oh, she said she Mrs. Maddox. What? Dun Do you actually No you don't. What is a Madox harp? What is the ship name? Mar Mar. Whatever. Whatever happened to Mar? You Know, when I met Madox at first I thought he was a really cool person, but now he's Even cooler. Like he really? Yeah, I thought she about say some crazy stuff. Wait, do you leveled up? Do You talk to him a lot?


The, I mean the last time I talked to him was got the clip. Okay. Is is dead or is Mar alive? It's dead now I think. Really? Oh That's a Shame. Oh Actually wait, who killed it? You. We know it was you. Okay. He literally, I think he has a crush on two of my friends. Oh, you'd have no clue. Yeah. You have no idea. She has no idea. Wonder She's prettier, cooler, Funnier. I wonder. No, I wonder. You guys are both pretty and cool and fun. Thanks. Yeah. Here's the thing. Maybe doesn't like anybody, maybe he's just like on a grind, like, you know, working hard and, But he got three girls in his music video.


That's what most music videos are. Yeah. Harper. I do remember being Your age and raging at the fact that cash got every woman on the face of the planet in his music videos. Except for me. And I'm pretty sure you kissed one in the music video. Oh my gosh. I did not kiss one in the music video we got, I would like to replay that moment. It was very close. Yeah. Why don't you guys demonstrate for us real quick what Happened? Well, no, not together. Me and Mav. Why would what the what the they way too close for that. Yeah. I did Watch a scene of a music video that I don't know if it's posted or not. Oh, now she watches the music Videos. But I was like, not the whole video, but I watched a clip of it and I was like, what's happening here? This is kind of crazy. What What video? I don't know. It was like older girls. They were like The one in the limo LA friends or something that We did. Oh, the one that map the unreleased one.


Oh, we tried to show one in Oklahoma City. Oh yeah. We do have one song that we never released. We shot a music video and everything. No, we have two, three. Two. We have, yeah, we have like, yeah, two that we shot music videos for. Listen Harper, sometimes people give you ship names sometimes. What are you saying? It feels like it's meant to be Jas Gigi Maddox. Wait, wait, what's the Mayish? Why do you sound so angry about these ship names? I'm happy for them. Wait, what is, what's the opposite of marker? Haddix? Yeah, like if his name came first. Yes, Mar It does. Oh sorry. No, if your name came first had had, He Is so behind Haddix. Is Lowkey a better ship name? Hey, no Marker's cute.


Yeah, You had haddock. You haddix. Wait not no more Harper. Do you had you haddock and now you don't. Do You actually miss it? Oh, You've moved on, huh? Oh no, no. Not even being nonchalant. Do you talk to him ever? Yes, Yes. Yes. How Often? Wait, like on like text message or just Snapchat on A daily basis? Oh no you don't just like Snapchat? No, we snap on a daily basis. Oh Snap. You got a streak. Let's see. I don't believe it. This is Ka mad. I'm calling Alta Cap. Yeah, our streak is number seven. It's seven. They Do have a seven day streak. Okay. Wow. Markers still on a seven day streak. Impressive. This still what the thing is, I'm pretty sure he wants Gigi and I'm happy for them.


Okay. I Don't think you know anything 'cause I don't think you, you, I don't think I don I just don't think you know anything. Okay, well you wanna know what I got told? What? No, no, I don't actually. Oh no, no I don't. No, no. I don't think I do. What? This is Good. It's a good thing. Okay, fine. Well if we cut it, it is her fault. Okay. Okay. Me and Gigi were snapping. No, really? Well me and Gigi were snapping and she told me that like they FaceTime a lot and I was like, oh my gosh. Like I'm so happy for you. And so I am, I'm happy for y'all. Yeah. Wait, so is this the end Of ha haddock? I thought I thought it was Mar whatever the, whatever the heck it is. Yeah, I guess it's an into an, sorry. Let me read. Redo that. It's Into the beginning.


Oh wait. Into the era. It's an end of an era. End Of the beginning. No, this is the beginning of the end. Beginning Of the end. So if Madox called you and was like, Hey Harper, I have a new music video, would you like to come be like the lead girl in It? I would totally do it, but like, Like, which Is for fun, but like, Ugh, because y'all still like homies. Strictly Professional. Yeah, we still homies, but like strictly professional. But I hope, you know, We were never you Guys, like we were never dating or talking or anything. Right. Y'all just homies. We homies I guess. I don't even think he wants to be my friend. That's, He does wanna be your friend. What do you mean? Y'all have been friends for like a year? No. Yeah. I, I keep Seventh Day streak my non friends too. Okay. Yeah. Well what's it called? So yeah, we were never talking dating or anything. So I'm addressing that right now.


No, we didn't ever talk date or anything. Wow. What do you mean? You just said you had a seven day streak. That's not talking. That's snapping. Yeah, She means like talking I'm talk thought was Means like talking the stage before dating where you guys like each other flirting but you're not dating yet. They Weren't even Flirting. And then you ask, are we talking or something allowed Talk. Oh, that's the worst. That's the worst. Yeah. The what are we, the what are we conversation actually, if a girl hits you with, Hey, I have a question. Oh no, that's what, Well you know what? If you're a man and a girl asks you what are we, it's your fault. It is. It's strictly acting a fool. You should be so intentional that they never have to ask that question. I'm kidding. That's crazy. Because You can be as intentional as you want sometimes men, and guess what?


I have a big crush. There is ladies that will still, no matter how many times you told them, Hey, I just wanna be clear, we're we're just friends. Like I'm not looking for anything more. No matter how many times you told they still gonna hit you with that. Hey, so I still think it's your fault. What? No. Giving her, if they have to question that, that means Okay maybe Have they have to question it. It's that they decided after thought about it for months. They decide they Harper. Have you ever been in that situation out there? We had to ask what are we? No, I've been the opposite one and I'm like, friends Where? Two people that No. Okay. Oh, so what do you, oh, so you mean listen, he asked, he asked you what are we not Maddox, but yes. No, I'm saying that you mean the reverse.


But I have the biggest crush on this guy at my school Reverse. He, I really, really like him. He's like a little cutie. Do you dream about him? I do. Really? What I think about him 24 hour seven. Really? 24 Hours. Seven. Are you obsessed when Dream and doesn't even tell y'all what's like, I don't think he even wants to be friends with me or does he Not know you exist? I don't even think so. The beginning of like a movie. Do you walk past him in the hallway? Yes. Just and I, We make eye contact Himm like, And then that's it. Nothing else ever Happened. Well, but did you really not know you exist? But he does. Oh, we, I mean we text sometimes The, we have 45 Day Street Harper when I used to have a crush on a guy and I was like, he doesn't know I exist. He genuinely did not know why I existed. Okay. But the thing is he text Dude, I mean y'all live some sad lives.


I don. But the thing is I don I ever had that issue. I start every conversation and we had the same style. Like, he's so nice. But at the same time we're Back because Harper got into some details. No Play. Cool, play Cool, cool. Mom said play it cool. Harper's. No, Basically Harper like kind of likes you dude. Yeah. There's a Maleo species out there that Harper does or may not like. But What, what are we cutting At right now? That's all you need to know. What Part are we cutting at? I Just the part where you kind of air out everything. Okay. Okay. So that just Probably that part. So we, we still say If we go on tour, like there's probably gonna be a lot of things said that like we just can't cut. Oh, if you guys come to the live shows, trust me there you're getting the uncut show because you know, once it's out, at least out there, at Least once an episode, I feel like something gets cut, right?


Yeah. And it's never my fault somebody That's not True. Really? Somebody asked me, they were like, do y'all cut a lot of stuff? And I was like, no, but we, we do. No, see I got the same thing. I feel like we cut like once every like three or four episodes episode. It's like, it's like three or four. Yeah. And it, it's blue Couch's fault. We all Cut because y'all, Y'all always the being cut. Hey Blue is not responsible for any of that. To be honest is not our fault. Be honest. We get trapped into questions and you guys want us to say things and then here we are. Cut. Cut. I think I have the least amount of cuts. That's not true. Who? Kenzie has the least amount of cuts that Kenzie has the least. Who? Well does It go in order like Kenzie, me, cash Harper. Who has the second least amount of cuts? Alex, Kate, Kate third, then you and then Harper and Maverick.


I'm laughing. Who's saying Maverick gets cut the Most? What can I say was to say something we're like, well I'll Update you all. I try To give y'all the truth. No, but the truth Harper only gets cut when she's like really into like her personal life and she is like, yeah, guess what? It's like, oh well Starts to namedropping People. I killed my ex's cat. We're like, no, But I'll tell y'all in three months from now. What? I mean not three months like so. Yeah. No killing ex's cats. No. Can you cut that part? Because I did, I did say no. You can About That killed someone's cat. We Can't Talk about that. I didn't kill anybody's cat. We're not talking about it. Wait, what? No, no. What? I'm not talking about it. What? That's A whole different thumbnail you guys.


We gotta come back. You Killed someone's cat. No, I did not kill anybody's Cat. You didn sounded like you did. You know How Matt tries to like click bait in the beginning? That's what he Did. No I didn't. Oh wait, I have a story about dead cats though. Killed someone's cat. Okay, but really fast. Well then can we talk about the story? No. Oh see? See Really fast. Lemme say Something. Wait, I found this out yesterday. What the frick is the story Kate? It threw me for everybody already Knows it but I'm not saying it. Let me tell You'all something. Hey, I know already in three months time. Oh, I'll tell y'all if me and Costco Co. Yeah, Costco. He kind of looks like Costco. Honestly. What you mean? Does he bring a bowl? No.


I'll tell you if we're exclusive. If he possibly even wants to man. Well, we'll see how this fortune tells. Yeah. Portrays now Kate the dead cat. I didn't kill anybody's cat Did either though. I hope. I hope you know that was the most, I didn't kill anybody's cat. I hope you know everyone out there thinks that You can, thinks you're a cat murderer right now. Look, I'll Make you feel Better. Clear your name. Kate. Growing Up, my best friend, she lives on a farm and they always had these like little stray cats running around and this mama cat had babies. Something got cut. Yo, I'm literally, I'm literally going home and sleeping. Yeah, it's nap time. I love You want Duncan? Hey, I Was thinking about, can we tell No. Kate, Kate. Kate. I ma.


I'm not. No. Unfortunately. All right. Well we Should do it for another episode. Yeah. But hopefully next episode Kate will tell the story about how she killed someone's attack. I did tell anybody's cat Kate's evil villain era. There you guys for watching. Make sure to subscribe. We'll see you next time.