
The Volume.


The NFL season is back and underway and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports Book, the official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get in all the football action. New customers bet just five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So Score big with Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the app today and use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem Gamble. And call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We got a legend, legend, legend, legend in the building class of oh seven. Crazy how it all lined up. We here for a reason. We're gonna introduce him. Last though, to my far left. We got my dog Bishop be he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty cool And nasty. I'm back baby. Let's get to it. Yeah, You, you got your one PTO day a year. I appreciate the shout to B Swift legend holding it down for 42. Doug, my dog. He, but yeah, for sure. I'm glad you pulled back up to work my boy. Nah, I'm back. I'm back. Let's get to it baby. Now Dro, if you know what I'm saying. I know you, you've been a lot of places especially, you know what I'm saying? From the shy, those shoes over here. You see the black forces with the white laces when you, you know what I'm saying? You at the crib and you see those, what's the first thing that come to your mind?


For sure You jacking, jacking something. Watch out bro. I Don't steal. I heal. Dro has your wallet, hydro your wallet. The white laces me hydro. Your wallet is crazy. Nah fact. So Y'all calling me a scammer. No, no, no. I mean you said you showing it. You always talk about the Nigerians. You might am might be a lineage on the, To My right. My no young nacho, young Teague. How you up Man? Man, I'm chilling man. I'm geek. Y'all know how I feel about oh seven and we got my dog in the building. It's about to be a great night. I'm gonna let you do the honors introducing me, but I'm like, Listen, it's very rarely that everybody, we had that one person on our list unanimously.


We started this podcast like who we wanted on this show. It was this man right here. Legend icon, youngest. MVP. One of the best to do it. Your favorite Hooper's favorite Hooper. We got D Rose. Derrick Rose in the building. Appreciate you pulling up big dog. Love bro. Love man. What, What y'all doing man? Had to pull up Midwest shit, you know what I'm saying? You Know what it is. Hey listen, like I said bro, we all be fan out over different stuff though. When we found out that you rock with the show, bro, that meant a lot to us bro. For real. For real Bro. Yeah man. I'm of course, me my son and my team Randall and mad. They told me about it. Shout to the squad. And of course right when the idea came up, I, I had to pull up and it with it being so close to Chicago.


So Yeah, the nigga's got your caterer bro. Now listen, DoorDash to beat up. Hey normally I usually hooter, I'll usually hooter somebody. So, but Nah, we was like, we got like freaky Mike. Hey, I told you boy you might be a caterer after this. Boy you chef Paul. Shout to Chef Paul. Y'all went crazy for this episode, man. Nah, hey I gotta say something before we really start bro. My dog Mike all Mike is our guy behind the scenes, but they know freaky Mike. The podcast family freak. They're my artist. He told me, I, I don't, I don't get excited about too many guests bro. I'm hyped. I said, what freaky Mike.


I know the whole outfit today took his boot off. He put the fresh shoes on. Said I ain't he got dj. No DJs in the episode Outfit. He you different. I respect that. Damn you need send that nigga some rose. What dog? Man, shout out to freaky Mike Hon. Down man. But listen man, we are honored that you were here man. Man we just gotta start with it. Fuck my hat fell over. This is crazy man. I wanna say man, shout out to you and the team man. One of the best rollouts I have ever seen, man. Wow.


For real, for real. Just the way that you went through everything and we was joking with TEG about this. We just like Dro such a legend. He the only person who could send another ROEs and nobody think nothing else of it. Like ain't nobody having everybody like, hey what, what's up with that? He was like, nah, that's Dro bro. It, it's a reason For that. So I'm glad it came with a no. You got a lot motherfuckers in trouble. I, I was nervous as hell the crib. So it's crazy because the week before I had bought my wife some roses and put 'em on there. Yeah. So they died or whatever. So she sent me a picture of 'em. I'm like damn she didn't buy her own roses. I'm fucking up. So I was like, I would've got 'em and she was like fool read no. I was like, oh. So it was vibe, It was love bro. Me and my team, we decided to like just come up with something different.


You know, like yeah we did that within like two weeks. Randall and Maddy, numerous shout Randall and Maddie stand up late going over shit to the day before. Stand up till three o'clock in the morning to send out the posts. Making sure you dot your i's cross your T's. Yeah. But this whole shit was about like just giving back or, or just flipping everything on its head where normally when you do do something like this it, you received the flowers. But I didn't get here by myself. You know what I'm saying? I got here with Randall. I've been knowing him since sixth grade. I've been knowing Maddie since for 10 plus years now.


And my team, it's the same thing. It's sixth grade and and that's something that we built, we built on the empire right now. But just doing it the right way, trying to do it with class and just showing a lot of love and support to all the fans. Nah man, that's hard. We definitely appreciate that. I know. So you know for you, you can speak on this, you know what I'm saying, class of oh seven, you know what I'm saying? Careers, when you knew at this time where you, how was that like that moment you was like all, you know what I'm gonna, I'm gonna see what the other side might be for a second. See my, my retirement was a little different and it was kind of 'cause of injury, but I just knew it was my time was up. I wanted to ask you like when did you know you were done playing? Like what made you feel like yeah, I'm gonna hang it up. 'cause I feel like to me watching you annoying you, I'm like man he could play forever.


I just think you had that ability. I just wonder like what made you wanna hang it up Bro, I've been thinking about it for a a while. Bru, but, well I was just telling you in the room or telling y'all in the room about like, like gimme your all to your kid. Like my younger kids, they don't mention the game at all. They don't say we, they don't ask about are we going to the game? They don't say nothing bro. So with PJ I had to talk to him a little bit different. So before I even talked to everybody, we in the room, it's me and him just talking and before then I, I'm thinking the whole time like damn when I'm gonna have this conversation with him, right?


So we talking and he bring up Kanye name and we was just in the room talking about Mellow. So I'm like, all it's time. I'm like, come downstairs. He come downstairs. I'm like, bro, how you think he got better? He was like, he working out with a trainer. I'm like, who else in the gym? He's his dad. Like his dad huh? Like his his dad present. I'm like, you think Meone got nothing to do with that? He was like, yeah, but after I kept talking at first when I told him, of course devastated hurt. But after I kept talking to him, he was excited 'cause he seemed like man now I get this individual time with my dad and like my son, he know exactly where he's at right now.


Like this moment he knows exactly where he is at. So for me to tell him that and for him to be like sad at first and be excited and since that day it's been nothing but love. But I knew right, like sometimes since, since like last year I'm going through it, you know, you go through the rehabs, you the only one that's going through that shit. Bru like nobody else, your family members, nobody else's staff, your wife, nobody going through it but you. So I'm like man, you have the question of like, what the fuck am I doing? Right. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like give them all like it is cool but I want to be able to elevate too.


Show growth. Yeah. And that's one of the reasons why I came on here because I wanted to like tell my stories and to be able to articulate myself and show people the growth from when I first came to the league to now with me being a a grown ass man. That's real bro. Yeah. Facts And like you said like that that influence, especially at this age is so impressionable with kids growing up so fast, being exposed to so much and we was talking like in the room, but you know what I'm saying, shout out to pop t like having y'all in the gym early on, having, like you said, it does make a difference. No facts. Yeah, Facts. But I wanted to make sure that we clarified that like you decided to retire. Not that anything else like situation with Memphis if you wanna speak on it.


Yeah, I mean with even with that I, I really didn't wanna speak on it but people thought that like they waived me. That's just a process of them trying to I guess do business or figure out the numbers on the back end in which that has nothing to do with me. But what I can control is what I did. I reached out to Zach Pryor, I reached out to my team, reached out to everyone prior and told them reached out to Adidas so that everybody's on the same accord and yeah, just doing good business. That's something that I always did throughout my whole career. Even though I fucked up in the beginning by having some lessons I had to learn. Sure. I got through that and I'm al I always been optimistic bro.


Sure. As long as I got my breath bro. I'm always gonna give my, I know I got a chance and I feel like that way about anybody around me. So like yeah give 'em my all and you know, just paying attention to where I'm at in this time. For sure. Now listen man, we gonna talk about the crib. We gotta talk about the First time y'all met, you know what I'm saying? Bru West, know what I'm saying? We gotta talk about that. I'll be waiting for this one. He scoring like 30 Quick 30 man, I listen First time I met him right. This is before I was even like getting 30 because I did kill him. Don't worry about that. I'm gonna get to that. I'm gonna get to that, I'm gonna get to that, I'm gonna get to that. But I seen him in eighth grade going to eighth grade.


He played for a team called Ferrari and it was a team called Houston Hoops. We in a gas station and they like you good, but as they just talking to us like he nice you nice five, this dude nice but you ever seen Derrick Rose? I'm like, who that and your name, like your name sound fake like Derrick Rose. Like you don't hear nobody's last name Rose. Like instead of Jalen Rose, I was like he cold like they call him D Rose, he cold. So we go to the game, y'all happen to be playing a team from Memphis. It was this Memphis magic boom. You remember that right? Wow. Yeah, Memphis Magic. That's crazy. I remember that. I do. And I'm like they threw the first play, they threw you alive and you went, you ain't dunking, you just finger rolled it in.


And I said, oh shit. Nah, ain't nobody else doing that. And they had one dude, they might've beat y'all. They did? Yeah. I was say they might've beat you. I had one dude that was cooking, I can't remember his Name. Oh he went to Georgia. Georgia Tech. I forgot his name. Mo Miller? Yeah, Mo boom, there You go. Yes, He had a good game. He had a good game. But I'll never forget. I was like yeah that nigga different. Like this nigga killing him. Yeah. But that nigga moving faster, jumping higher than everybody. And my dad was like, we gonna be reading about him. Yep. You know how my dad, yo, we ain't, he gonna be reading about him. He ain't supposed to be on this team. He, I was like, man, he old. You know me, he older.


This nigga younger than me. That nigga rela nigga I'm, I like younger. I like what the fuck they like, yeah, yo, you, you a couple months older than him. What the fuck? Happy belated too by the for sure Felt that way about Mike bro and USA. We played 16 or 17 USA Memphis. Yeah, he my roommate, his, I, he, I had to look at his id, his ID was on the table. Right. He left the room. I'm like, he's so good bru. Yeah. I gotta see if you, your your real age. I looked at his ID bro, he was younger. Like bro, how The fuck are you younger Mike? Who?


Mike b Crazy. He younger than us. Bru cold bro. I'm like how the fuck is you this cold? That's how we Felt. Shout out to Mike, man, keep your head up nigga. Yeah. Facts. But nah, that's, that's when I first met. He played for Ferrara, not met him, but that's the First time I seen. Yeah. But my First time I I I played against you till we had tone stick and you and you had braid then. Yep. You had braid. Shit, shit gone Out 30 bro. And Tone our coach, he tone the guy that was sticking you, his dad was the coach and he would not get toned off of him. So we like, bro, this whole game, Jeff wh him out bro hitting three step back tone, lateral movement fucked up.


You can't see shit. Yeah. Jeff got all that bro by the end did we beat y'all? Yeah, Y'all beat us. We ended up beating him but he had a great game and I'm like bro, I gotta watch dude bro. But at our, in our class when you ran up against niggas like that, you knew like it it challenged you in a way though bro. When like I was, when we was talking in the room about oj. Yes sir. When I seen him for the First time, bro, that he changed my whole perspective of the game and like made me feel like I wasn't working hard enough and my whole chase for the shit was like chasing him. So Yeah.


Old nigga you, you put that battery in my back for sure. Nah, Facts. Shout the juice. Juice for sure. Nah, that nigga was different. I'll never forget when y'all got to 'cause we went to A, B, C, D that year or last year and you had got hurt. But the match, you know I don't forget shit. I don't forget shit. The matchup was y'all. But I, I'm from Indiana so I know I seen you. I'm like, oh, they don't know this nigga about to kill that nigga. So I'm like rooting it is like, I don't know why I'm rooting for you but I'm rooting for you like kill him and you get hurt. So everybody like, oh, he hurt, he scared, he scared. Then I see y'all in Vegas. I'm like yeah that nigga ain't scared.


Like I thinking stripping and they was going at it, bro. They was having a game. It was one of the best games I seen him and Eric against OJ and Bill. That shit Was crazy. We chased him bro. We used to go to tournaments looking for him like, like really chased OJ my nigga. That's, that could be a whole chapter of my shit chasing him going to tournaments, stay in the game. But it's real. It's us too. But our coaches on bullshit too. Yeah. Nigga we hit, but we on the same shit. I'm quiet, of course I'm in the cut, but I'm on that too. Nigga like, like we, we wanted that matchup especially since we played him like in seven to eight, seven or eight. And he, he was on a whole nother level and I never forgot that.


Like that's my baseline right there. Like damn, like I, I went back to Shai, I stayed in the gym, my nigga, I I and and I, I think my junior year we was close to playing them but that Tyre and all them was, we was in some tournament and the shit ended up like not happening. And that Vegas one that we, and we had ej, I'm like, oh come on. Like Nigga I was playing, I had nobody else that was really like a, a a d one player at that time on my team like that. So he had three or four guys but to like play against him in Vegas on that stage and to know that everybody like the alarms and shit was going on, shit, that shit was nuts bro.


This shit was Crazy. Yeah. And we And you said we talk about, we was talking room about oh seven, ej, him and ej like that's the craziest back quarter ever. We played him in a final. That's crazy bro. Crazy. How'd you feel about him joining the team? Was you like, I love my niggas, but finally Like we played, I played on the team full of winners bro. Yeah. Like we won, even though we was undersized and all that, we won a a a lot of games. Yeah. So when we got him they like, hell yeah. Like we got another dude that can go and Right. Ej, we, we needed that because I was scoring my brother in high school. I played more organized shit. I was playing a three like my freshman year.


So I don't really have the ball in my hands. 'cause my man right there ran, he had the, he was the point. Man R pushed you to the three. Yeah. You had juice. My nigga, he had dero, that small hoop. We had like a, a system. So like even when I came in, I played JV because the head coach was like, nah, like we, you going to listen, you going abide by the rules. You, you ain't bigger than the system. And I went to the school only because Randall knew went there. So I'm like, all right. Like, but we won and I fucked around with the nigga. So I'm like all this like, it's love. We winning and we low key, we a beat y'all varsity niggas anyway.


Low key. If y'all put the, when we used to practice and shit, that's how we felt. So it was all love, but the system was the big man get majority of the shots and everybody else fine with the whatever they gotta do. Like find your way throughout the game. Yeah. Until like my, my brother started coaching and he like, man, I'm gonna put you at the point. That was like my sophomore junior year put me at the point. I, I started going back to school and they started to like let me play with the ball a little bit more. So I'm like, all right, I'm running up the court, they, I don't gotta plan the system knowing I'm getting LOBs and all that. Now I'm pushing the point and everybody else following me. So it opened up my game for real. But at that school it, it was strictly just, but I, I fucked with it though because Simeon groomed me into like all, all of the, the guys that went there groomed us into like really being young men, learning like discipline, learning that you just can't fuck off even though we were like knuckleheads and all that shit.


Yeah. But like knowing that man we have a, we have a bond that's bigger than justice basketball shit. And that's something that we hold on to this day. We have picnics to this day at our school and that's rare for like a public school to still be having picnics to going on and all that shit. What made You choose 25 at Symon Ben Wilson? I didn't choose it. All this shit chose me bro. Did you? That's my, everything that I've ever been in, I lived in the unknown my whole life. All this shit just came to me. Yeah. I never wanted none of this. Yeah. No Fame, none of that. Like yeah. Even hooping my, my career or my basketball dream.


I didn't know about salaries or none of that until like my, my sophomore year it clicked like that may sound crazy. Damn my nigga. Think about that. Your sophomore year you it clicked like damn I could change my family life with this all way until my sophomore year. I had just a pure love for the game. I didn't look at nigga's salaries. I didn't look at NBA games like that Randy did. We look, I ain't look at nigga outside. I'm hooping, I'm somewhere playing because I had a pure love sophomore year hit. I'm like damn, I'm sitting the wrong like man, I'm arguing with my mom at the time and all that. You know, God mom got that little shit in high school, you looking for independent like, and I'm arguing with her then it clicked like man I could change this shit if I go to the league early.


I'm looking at KD now. I'm like, if KD leave, I'm gone. They change the rule. Yeah, change the rule. That damn rule. Yeah. Change the rules. So I'm like damn, I gotta do a year. I had to do the year but I was, I didn't pay attention to none of that shit until my sophomore year though. Another rule that you help a lot of people get paid with the rose rule. You pioneer my boy love. Like you said, you look at that and now I look at everybody else's benefiting for you. Love. Yeah. I mean that's, that's one that, that's the only thing that I care about, bro. Even the, the wave or the, the vibration that I'm in right now. Like I call it deasy of seven 20, like deasy stand for, don't forget about the zealous youth and zealous mean pursuit of a great cause or great energy.


So don't forget about the use and pursuit of a great cause. So like giving back. And I felt like that was one of our ways of like giving back, you know? That's for sure. Saying like, like me and my team, not only my team but the fans because at that time I'm, I'm doing this shit, but I'm not knowing why I'm creating. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm not going out to clubs, I'm not going to dinners. I'm not doing your typical shit because I'm thinking that you like you have to be a machine. I ain't enjoyed none of that bro until like my fourth year. So that rule was not only for me, it's for everybody, my nigga, you know what I'm saying? Like You say for the viewers, could you explain that rule for him So you know, you know what I'm saying?


Some of our, our lazier followers who didn't pay attention to that rule, you know what I'm saying? The rule is that you get 30% of the cap, meaning that you get an extra 30 to 40 million if you hit the benchmarks that's in your rookie year contract. So all star team, any award going to the All Star game, those benchmarks will give you 30% more than a cup. And yeah, I, at that time I didn't know what I was doing but I'm very grateful and very, very thankful that like the league allowed me to do that. Thanks. Good. Jason Tatum, all them boys I first team all they they they thank you for sure met by everybody.


Sure I see, I see Jason, Jason Tatum told me that straight up fuck with Dros forever his life. You remember he, you remember told him like bro he want a autograph. He wanted, he want to jerk bro. He was real like bro D bro's the greatest bro. I was like not to jump too far here because we still gotta talk about the rest of his high school and stuff. But like when people would see him when he was on the team together, bro, I used to tell him like, bro you have a cult following this shit is crazy. Like, and he would come out and he so humble and chill and I just joke all day. I play too stuff back much. Yeah I play too much. I'll be like, yo, like y'all want my autograph and shit. They just be like who the fuck Derek Derrick.


I'm like fuck this shit work. I'm right here. So the First time before we get back to the hoop and stuff. But the First time I knew like all I'm messing with a different type of like status. Everybody asked you to go out in Miami. We went out. You was, we was in Minnesota. I begged you, we in Miami. I begged you to go out. I'm like come on man. You was on the, you had you, you know how you step on the back of your shoes and shit So you was standing on the back of your shoes. You like man nah I can't go bro. I'm like nah man come on man. Please, please man come on man. It's gonna be cool. Ain't nobody going man we gonna, we gonna cover you up or anything you like Nah it ain't even that bro. I'm just telling y'all I don't really like going out. Finally you got tired of you like all right I'm gonna go. We walk in there, we walk in the club, we walking in the beginning part and somebody said Derrick D Rose.


I said shit, I swear to God like two oh people came. I said oh shit I looked at wig. I said there's some shit we'll get this guy little nigga hold on. We get in the club and the dude was like damn we just gonna put y'all back here. They just started standing outside the section. He looked at me, he was like, I'm gonna go, we was in that motherfucker 10 minutes, I'm just gonna go. I was like my Fuck. So imagine that bro. I ain't want nothing. Like it's I'm like My fault boy. It's weird even doing like doing this so like putting myself in like weird quagmire situations. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Like normally I typically go wouldn't I wouldn't pod to nothing like that but I fuck with y'all shit.


And in order to grow you gotta put yourself in those uncomfortable situations. So like coming here or even talking like y'all don't know how much this means to me. You know what I'm saying? Like I love bro being able to come in and express this shit and express like just how I feel about where I'm at at this time. So I appreciate y'all niggas. Nah, Hey bro, I Like bro be Honored to have you here but Honored to have you here. I always use a anytime somebody playing the Pacers that a little off the radar. Oh up and I be hitting niggas with the ruby rose and Jayla Rose, the rose your bitch use whoever it for.


So that's the, that's what you need. So I got a Rosero JT if you want my autograph I got you. But you say you got wrong too. Something wrong aint go man. One of the illest. Man listen, like I said, we got so much to talk about but I wanna bring back for y'all days as teammates man. Yeah obviously y'all playing going it get other growing up. How was that First time I looked up in Minnesota Man it was love bro. I mean let me, let me talk to y Nah do Your, This your show All the Time Because bro everybody that probably mets up no bullshit.


He just know that he a, he a good dude and his energy that he bring to the locker room is, you can't compare it to nobody bro. Yeah. Like he, the the vibration he bring, he's always talking shit. Even though it may rub people different that didn't grow up that way. Yeah. Niggas that is, that grew up that way. You need that in the locker room. You need motherfuckers joking plan but when it's time to go he was always ready. And I knew you could hoop do too though. So just having them around, having Tibs fuck with him having cat. He used to fuck with cats so much but all this shit do People were saying motherfuckers needed to hear.


Yeah you was saying truthful shit. You know what I'm saying? And when motherfuckers was scared to say it, I'm new to the team so I'm just trying to get the vibe on the team. You saying exactly what motherfuckers needed to hear and people respected that. So it was always love just having Jeff around. It surprised me too when like you start coming over to the crib. Yeah because you know niggas normally don't hang out with each other like it's like on some fake shit. So like having you start coming over then you came over the night that I don't believe in coincidences either. You came over the night that I had 50 and my brothers know was there my brothers, we was in the kitchen drinking and Shit. Nah. Yeah, I mean I don't know if y'all wanna talk about that right now.


Hell you Man class Still got Yeah I was in tears. Fuck you. I was, I knew you doing crazy out. Why you on that with me bro? Nah, but I, I'll be that's a little later of the story 'cause you still got so many years 'cause Yeah he pa he gave me a chance I played against him and I, I kind of, I'ma speak on the Minnesota moment but I wanna talk about the Bulls moment for sure. When we played him in the the pa the playoffs.


Yeah. And he spared me. So before we get to the 50, I'm gonna tell you when he coulda had 50 at night another time. Oh You talking In the playoffs Mother's Day and him with the first I'll never forget bro. We having the first quarter we going back and forth. It's a dual. Yeah. And I'm like, in my head I'm like I'm out here dueling with the MVP. What the fuck am I doing? But I'm talking shit, it's the first game in Atlanta. So I'm like yeah motherfucker like that's a fuck that's, and he like, he ain't saying nothing. He just like, like looking at me like I'm guarding. He go by he dunked one time. I said oh shit crowd go who? I'm like damn me Atlanta y y'all fucking Tripping me. Like What the fuck Going back and forth. Second quarter we had like 13, 14 second quarter I think I scored two points.


He scored like another nine. I'm like damn go to the locker room. I'm like Jamal you can switch off on him. Jamal was like, hell no you keep going, you doing good man. Like You Guarding him good. I'm like motherfucker got do 30. He like don't worry about it, keep going. Playing good. Get to the third quarter. I'm looking like, man I ain't scoring no more. This motherfucker still going. He starting to blow us out. He gets what you had like 44 4? Yeah 44. Yeah. So it's like what was like five, six minutes left in the fourth. That's A fuck mall said the same. I know what I mean. I'll let you, that Nigga looked at I'll never forget, I'm like I had like 21. I'm like looking at him, I'm still trying to guard him hard. And you know how a nigga kind of like relax, like not tell you relax but kind of like it's over bro.


A nigga kind of like come get me tips. I said oh fuck him. He, I looked at the scoreboard. I said he didn't wanna get find. Oh fuck that was. I said Game four is up. No fuck that. I was so mad. I said he spared me. I was like, I went to the locker room and Smooth was like man you know that's just one game dog. I was like nah man, he damn near had 50. He was like nigga you think you can stop him nigga you didn't even play the shit. I was like, he was like, you only played because a nigga got hurt like you did. Good nigga shut up. I'm like, you like shout to J Smooth. That Was a tough ass series. It was but you spared me. Why you spearing me? I didn't spare you bruh.


I, you know, at that time I wasn't even thinking about, I won't be thinking about scoring like that. I'd be really in the game bru like every, because my mindset was if I didn't score like we was gonna fall back. So I wasn't even keeping up with the numbers like that when I was playing, I just knew I had to affect the game in a positive way. This is when I really was like, fuck you, you hit a floater. Right. I I, I contested this shit out this motherfucker. I was playing hard as hell. Y'all know don't play defense. I'm playing a hard as hell. I'm like he can't embarrass me. He hit a floater, threw it up and caught that bitch And caught yeah head. Yeah. I said Hold on. He caught it out the net. He caught it out the net Luis.


I said yep. I saw how he playing around now. This shit funny to him. I'm a joke. He getting ready for Miami. Okay cool, cool. I was hot like I was 38 hot. My brother like bro you getting your chance. It's all good. You ain't playing bad. I'm like bro he embarrassing me bro. Like, like bro he embarrassed everybody he the MVP then I thought about it, I was like you right, I'm good. I'm just try to score. Nah but I remember that that helped your career too though bro. Yeah. Having kind compete against him bro, it helped me like just to even have some good moments against him at that time. Yeah. That helped my career. But I took that to say I seen you coulda got 50 then I seen you get 50.


That's crazy. So that's where I was going with. I'm like damn, I seen what he coulda had 50. I was a part of that. And then to be a part of that moment to see you actually get 50 and for you to say yeah I'm I'm going for it tonight. I'll never forget I you said Teague, you playing tonight. I was like nah I ain't, I ain't fucking with it. He said oh bet I'm going for it. I said what you going for? I started, I like whatcha going for? He is like nah I'm going for it. I was like what he, I'm getting it. I'm getting 50. That's crazy. I said damn. I went to Josh. He said Derek said he getting 50 tonight. Take shirt. I'm out there playing either. Huh? Jimbo wasn't playing. Yeah, nobody's playing. And I was like damn he gonna get 50 and you know Rudy go bird, them defensive player of the year, all that shit.


I'm like who he gonna have to kill these niggas. Yeah man, that first quarter, mind you, I hurt my ankle. I'm jumping up and down. Ryan. I'll never forget, Ryan was like, you could play like don't worry about that shit. Worry about this shit. This gonna kill it. Like, and he just started going crazy and the whole game like we just watching and I'm just like, this dude is amazing. And it was like, you know me playing before you got hurt and stuff. I'm like this I, this is him. Like he always got this. And to see him going crazy. Then you hear Rudy with the move finish the lay, then it started getting emotional like nigga, everybody on the team just like, damn bro he worked so hard.


I'm like yeah fuck that. We about to win the game. Then he got emotional. Then I look at the nigga. 'cause I know I'm like, I fuck with this nigga every day. I'm like no this means some shit. Like I starve. Fuck man, I'm a nigga bro. I don't I from the west side of that bro, I ain't about to be crying for no niggas scoring no points. Nah. Next thing a motherfucker that hit me, I fuck wipe my eye. Then the game go over. I'm like shit. I'm like, it's about to be a party locker room. Fuck this. I'm about turn this motherfucker up. He do the interview. I ain't even hear it but I remember he was emotional. I remember seeing it on TV around back there. I'm like, gimme my phone. I remember I recorded that shit. He walked in, they throw the water on it, then I send it to your girl like this gotta be a moment y'all never forget.


Like no I was, that shit was hard. I was like, why that game though Pool? Why that game? Like what made you, you know what I mean? I don't know, it was just, I just felt something bro. Right. When he told me he wasn't playing, I seen Jimmy wasn't playing. I'm like all right, that's what, it's just that opportunity and every, every nigga in the league that's not playing. Wish they could have that opportunity. Facts everybody bro. Yeah. Shit, you look at niggas that's not there in the league. You look at it right now. Yeah. Yeah. Just gimme that one chance I could go out there and I could at least shoot 15 to 20 field goals bro. And see what's gonna happen. Yeah. Like and not once I get rolling you really gonna see what's going, what's what's gonna happen.


You know what I'm saying? For sure. And I just felt like that moment was like just my moment especially going through everything that like I went through, went through the little shit I was still going through like injuries and yeah like I said bro, I'm just living in it bro. Like the shit that be going on, I can't really explain because I'm in it. But all I could do is like prep myself for the moments. Like I, when I was in basketball, I was prepping myself for that moment. Now that I, I'm switching over to this like my shit gonna be like y'all shit one day six, seven cameras and you know. Oh yeah You about you gonna do a Pod? No, not a pod but I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get into directing bro. Oh yeah. That shit gonna be better. Huh?


Producing but directing, telling like real stories that shit that's in book. But I mean y'all are like everything that y'all saw though, the commercial or whatever that video, that's me Maddie and that's Randall. All of us came together, got that shit together along with Carlisle and Mark along with the other guys that was a part of the team. Like, but we created that, that moment, you know, prepping ourselves for something huge. Oh for sure. You know we there to support Y'all to the team as well. Can I say one thing before we get back to the beginning, go crazy the story nigga because this is my nigga. I'm just hype. I ain't gonna lie but I'll never forget this is when I was like, this nigga different.


Like y'all know me, I'm, they know me. I say nah this is all good. It's good. They know I'm wild. Yeah. Like y'all know me, I I I became a man in Atlanta so my perspective's a little different. Like shit, I was going out, my team was going out, everything. So when I came Indiana, did I get to Minnesota? My mind still like man, alright, we had a good practice, we had some game we hoop but like where we going? You know what I mean? So I remember one night John Lucas called me, I'm like, I'm thinking Luke calling me like yo, where we at? He called me like man you should come in the gym. I'm like nigga no we practice. Fuck you talking about?


I ain't gonna gym man. I was like bro I ain't here for all that. He like man you tripping bro. Come in here. I come in there and he like, he he like text me like the rose in here and I come in, I remember it was your whole fam, you had your daughter and the stroller. Your girl was sitting on there on strolling and you was shooting and you had shot damn near 500 shots. Mm. And I remember 'cause you had end up hurting your elbow. My elbow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm like how many shots this nigga shoot the Jay, Luke like he going to be ready. That's A fast, he going to be ready. And I'm like, and we about to play in the playoffs. He about to play the Houston this when you first came to the team. He like, he gonna be ready don't trip, he gonna be ready.


I'm like, well shit, he shooting five shot, motherfucker gonna shoot 50 from the three. I said getting him up. So I'm laughing this shit I'm colder, I'm joking and shit. And we get in the playoffs and I'm like, I'm going to Tibs like man this nigga gotta play like he was having, we getting in the game, he killing. I'm like no, no he gotta come on man. He gotta get in the game earlier. Tibs like I know Fuck. Like he, who do we take out? I'm like I don't give a fuck. Take him, take him out. He like, how do I tell him like nigga tib is you. He's like everybody you know. Then that nigga just starts saying fuck it, come on. I swear Derrick, come on somebody. Yeah I watched this nigga build something. Damn bro he was, that's fire.


And then next year what you shot 40 from Three? Like 40. But you assisted with that too though right? When I got to the team you probably remember you, hey that's you for that bread. Oh shit I knew you had some money. You ain't understanding though when you like I the league ain't nothing but specialist. Right. Facts. So when you are aren't labeled a shooter like that, that shit can last for like a long time until you beat that shit feel you gotta, you gotta beat that. You know what I'm saying? Allegations come on man. So for motherfuckers that know how to shoot niggas from Indiana, they know how to shoot when they one years old. Motherfuckers teaching 'em they form they in they crib like your elbow all that, all y'all shot's the same nigga.


I have not one person growing up to tell me my shot like how to fix my mechanics or show me mechanics for my jump shot. I figured this shit out solely by myself. No basketball camps couldn't afford it. None of that nigga. This solely me being in the park by myself testing out shit and like all that stick or I'm, you know how it is. Yeah, yeah. After experimenting and that shit stuck. But so to like go to a team and to be cool with a motherfucker to have, be in a shooting game with 'em and don't take it personal if they beat you, I'm that crazy because I want to take it like, you know what I'm saying? But it it, it takes to go one on one or to challenge a motherfucker when and to push yourself in practice when you ain't know nothing about it.


I'm shooting with you. You don't know. Damn. I'm feeling this way at all. Yeah. Yeah I do. You get what I'm saying? Fucking around shooting, playing, talking to people. I'm trying to make every motherfucker show You I'm, I'm gonna teach your As. I'm gonna show your ass. He's a six kid. I'm gonna show your ass. I'm at 40 this year. I'm about to stop shooting because I was like this nigga's Starting to beat me man. What The fuck? How you quit het quit. But yeah I'm just, He ain't take, he was taking it light 'cause he playing, he always playing and praying. He See when t alright All right but if tib ain't on that, he ain't on that. He playing that story of my life man. I swear to God bro. So like to, to actually challenge a motherfucker that's a shooter.


I took pride in that. Yeah. Even though you ain't know about this. But Nah, I seen it. Then when the next year I'll never forget I started like we started starting together at the beginning of the year and I'm like, I'm going on fast break. I'm darting the ball to him in the corner and he firing and I'm like this nigga really a shooter. Like he running the lane mind you like nigga, nigga MVP, he great with the ball like I should be running the lane nigga. He like Get it, get it, get it taken off and run to the corner And firing threes. And I'm laughing, I'm like this nigga a shooter like what This nigga spotting up 40, Shooting 40 from the three. And I'll never forget I was like nigga you shooting 40. He was like, you know he a student of the game.


He like nigga you gotta be able shoot the three man. Yeah they paying niggas to shoot the three. Yeah. And I remember shit was sweet. He was like, I remember everything Bro. He was like, I'm a, I'm a shoot 40. And he was like I'm going to get that bag bro, then I'm done. Yes sir. And I was like nah you gonna leave. Like I'm in my head like he about to leave Minnesota because ain't no way he's starting over me At the time. Nah, niggas was telling me in the crowd get him out the gate. Damn nigga boy me like that it got so bad my nigga.


I started telling nigga like do you wanna start Because this shit is easier nigga, I just wanna come off the bench bro. Nigga to go do wrong nigga what? But I give him credit nigga I'll never forget. He told me like and then we gotta get back to where it started. But then he told me, he was like, T you gotta find your niche 'cause nigga you know we ain't gonna be starters the whole time like coming off the bench, they gonna pay, they need somebody to kill off the bench. They gonna find they new role. Yeah. And I never, he did not wanna start. No I remember I went to ts, I said Tibs, I am sick of hearing these motherfuckers. Will you start him? And he was like, who I'm gonna start 'em over. I'm like nigga me. He was like, you're getting paid. I'm, I don't give a fuck.


I I think I'll play better off the bench. He was like, no, no. And I was like well start 'em together. And he was like I could do that. Who we take out? And we started trying to figure it out or whatever. But I just remember when you said that. So when you left I went to Ryan, I said I'm gonna come off the bench. 'cause I was like, I'm about to do exactly what he did. I was like I'm gonna come off the bench. Yeah. Because you told me like bro we ain't gonna be starters for the rest of our career bro. You gotta figure it out. And we about to build these new roles. So I was like, I'm about to take his role and I started doing everything he did. I started stretching. I ain't do none of that shit. Phone roller ball and shit. I'm like that nigga, he figured it out. Fuck that I'm doing. That shit didn't quite work out but I seen, yeah It was too late by then nigga whole body was broke down man.


I was a Monte Carlo body. What, what? So I Had your knee and that was it. Yeah, Well I had ankles, I had surgery on my ankle. Yeah. But then I had my patella was gone. I ain't got, I'm bone on bone now it's Over with. It's over with. And delta a DA ain't worth for quarter nigga. Hold on. It was gone last year. It was, It was gone my last year in Minnesota. Yep. So I was bone on bone but I was just playing. And then the last piece of piece of my patella tour in when I was in Milwaukee. Oh yeah. Oh my god It was Over with. Nah that bone on bone, that's something different. Yeah, It was Over with. Yeah it was over with. Once you go there for sure nigga that's doing that is Wes.


Huh? West? Yeah. I don't how you doing that? How you doing that bro? Yeah, He, he different bro. Shout out to him. Shout Out to him man. Well listen, you have so many crazy accomplishments man. We gotta speak on some man. Obviously we gotta start with one of the craziest ones. MVP, youngest MVP ever having won of the craziest season in the NBA in the conference where LeBron James was like, how was that season for you? Because obviously, you know what I'm saying, you came in the league going crazy. How crazy was that particular season for you bro? It was a blur. It was a blur. I remember at that time my whole mindset was like keep it moving. So you know, in hindsight you always wish that you would cherish some of the days a little bit more like, like me looking in the past and shit.


But what I was telling y'all at that time, I didn't enjoy anything bro. I didn't go out to eat with my family or friends like that. No movies like that. None of that bro. No concerts because I was totally locked in to thinking that I had to follow what like Kobe was doing, like thinking Kobe as not enjoying itself, not going on vacation, not doing any of that. So I felt tricked like in a way whenever I, at the time I, I felt that way like my fourth year I ended up going to the Philippines with him. I saw him like relaxed. I'm like, oh you motherfucker was tricking me this whole time. I dedicated three years.


Three years of thinking you didn't do shit bro. And to see you actually out here just chilling. Like it, it kind of fucked me up. But like I couldn't take it personally 'cause he didn't even know I was like admiring him like that. So that year it was just fun man. Something that you can't explain. Like my being that shy at the career, going number one and being the point guard of the team. Like you got the rock in your hand and you got your guys, I got my guys that I've been around since sixth grade on the baseline. Yeah. Talking, scoring, you know what I'm saying?


Talking the whole time time. Like that's something that yeah we, but we did it right though man. Fact, we made sure that the ups and downs that we had in Chicago, no matter what it was, we could go back there and and still like do business or whatever it is with him. So for that it was a blast though, bro. For Sure man. Both of y'all could speak to his being, you know what I'm saying, point guard the man in your city playing with your hometown. Like what's that feeling like? Like we talk about, but what's that feeling growing up in Chicago like all right, I saw MJ kid, now they look at me like that It's pressure. That's why it, it's a lot of pressure. I can imagine. And a lot. I gotta talk for Chicago because a lot of people when they talk about Chicago they always mention like the bad shit.


So I gotta mix it up. MJ wouldn't be MJ if he was, if he played anywhere else but Chicago for his pro career, he would've been a great player anywhere else. But in Chicago he became the black cat. He became MJ in Chicago just off the strength of the culture that's in Chicago and it's coaches everywhere. Like what? The basketball culture is just strong and that the expectation of like I, what you going to do? We seen you, we seen niggas like you back in the sixties.


All you supposed to bend like elevated the game of doing something different. Like what, what's next MJ one them three. I guarantee you he had people in this corner like there's no way they gonna let you win. Yeah, you just went on vacate nigga, you ain't finna let you come back and win three more. Yeah, for sure. I bet you can't. Yeah, that's what niggas in shot telling them. Yeah bet you can't. They Talk to the wrong one About that. Yeah, I bet you he what? I'm win one. I bet you can't win another one, but tell guys like look, I'm geeking them up, nigga. Yeah, I bet. Can't Win another one. Oh that's Chicago shit. Hell yeah. That's why that yeah, Geeking him up just off the strength. But that's what I meant by the culture though. Like hell yeah.


Being there. That's what I felt. Even though people, my guys never came up to me and was like, man you gotta kill this motherfucker this game. I felt it though. They ain't have to say nothing. They'll say little shit they, I'll be in the kitchen or something man. What you call, I heard what you call throwing the party tonight. Not saying it to me, but they just talking but making sure that I hear. Mm. Like what he going motherfucker going out. Oh, Before they play me, I was that nigga I was going out. No wonder this nigga tried to kill me. They probably suck. Well I'm, I'm listening though. Even though they ain't bringing it to me, they, they stating it so that I could, I just could hear it. I'm like all right.


Oh, so is this nigga fucked? Yeah, I swear ran reason nigga killed ran, the reason nigga put 40 on me. I care. But Everybody always speaking on like, you being the hardest person that they had to go. Like who was your person like that? You was like damn Was crazy. I'm chilling but I I gotta sleep for him. I had a problem down damn there with everybody bro. Especially in T'S system, defensive system where like at that time we icing everything. He, if one person go over the top in basketball terms, he, he beat you and over the top of the pick and roll and like he now you're chasing him like behind him and shit. If that happened he only like, it was just hard.


But I'm a pure point so I hate point guards that feel like they about to control the whole game. So scoring if you scoring, I don't care about scoring like that even though like the NBA forced me into scoring, I never was the leading scorer on any of my elementary time. Probably was the leading scorer. But high school somebody else was college CDI was so I never was the leading scorer cd. I just found my spots and I found the way to like make it look good but I'm a pure point at heart. Yeah. So I hate point guards that don't care about scoring like a Rondo, like this nigga like that could fall into just the system of just playing the right way.


Yeah. Like no nigga you no I'm gonna least try to get in your head. People don't. Yeah. Scoring ain't really that much to me because I winning the game is more than me. Oh okay. Like I heard one of my OGs, Kurt Heinrich say like after somebody gave him like 40 or 50, he's saying this shit out like out loud. But I'm just hearing him, we walking in the hallway, we won and he was like ha, that motherfucker just scored 50 points for no reason. Yeah. That shit hit home. Yeah. Where it was like that's why after I scored that 50 I was so happy that I, I won. Nigga like damn you gotta win bro. Like 50 or six whatever it is.


If you ain't getting that dub at the end you raced up. Facts. That wasn't Jet in high school. I mean college. Oh in college? Nah, I was different. I was trying to get somewhere to get, trying to get somewhere. That story cool. Dro for that motherfucking Jenny at Wake four. But In the league though he adjusted. Yeah He did commending for that For sure. That's But everybody like that in the high school college. You getting to it, that's how you got to the league. Yeah that's what these young kids, they don't be looking at these players or shit. They be thinking like, oh you a bummed because you on the bench you bro did you see this player when he was in high school or college?


Yeah, that's how he got seen bro. You know what I'm saying? Nah, fuck For sure. Hey man you brought one of my favorite college players of all time. My boy CDR. Y'all was going crazy. Shout up to C man. Yeah, no that's a fuck. CDR Well we got, I gotta tell this story, story CDR so he tried to hold me right. So it's me, him and Tony in the gym. We in, we there for summer, summer school. We shooting half course shots for a hundred, a hundred dollars shot though at the time we both f Loing, we don't got it like that. So every shot real, you know that shit. What a shot in college. So he hit a shot and I shot right behind him and he said that my foot was on the line and he tried to stand on me like yeah you know his voice.


Yeah man, you know nigga. Yeah. And I'm like, I I I ain't back off. I'm like nah nigga nah you got Nah my foot wasn't no line, no. Matter of fact he shot the shot and his foot was on the line and I made him shoot over. Yeah. And he was surprised that I said something and he, he fucked with me for saying something like damn you ain't let me hold you. And I'm like nah nigga I ain't going for that And checkout gotta tell another story. So this when I really knew that I made the right decision. So some once again summer school we there Joy Dorsey end up going to a gangsta boot concert video shoot. Hold on man. Joy you outta to the legend man.


To the legend. What the fuck He missed the run. Right. So I think Clearly He missed the whole run. I'm thinking none of it. I get to the house, joy come to the crib, he thinking everything cool CDI ain't talking to him at all. He started cursing joy out so bad bro. Like man you let the motherfucking team down, that's some ho ass. He talking to him crazy and you know Joy big. I'm thinking that they about to fight 'cause I, it's my first, I don't know him like that. I just got here. Joy respected it started crying bro. Oh that's really good. I said ah, I made the right choice.


These niggas care about winning bro. Like you mad at a nigga for this some summer shit. You know what I'm saying? But, and it was some shit that we were running not cal we we set that shit up or he set it up and the nigga didn't show up. And once I seen that I'm like this gonna be a good ass year. Yeah, yeah. Older niggas that's on the same page. I'm like all right. Nah, Had a hell of a rhyme bro. Had a hell of a year bro. Love bro. You remember anything from that game? That championship game shot? Shout to my dog. That was a tough shot. All The only thing I yeah the fireworks bro. After you leave the court the shit be burning you bro.


Why as you walking off I wanted to fight somebody. That's the only thing I really remember as you walking off damn as a loser. The fireworks you see on tv, that shit come down. A lot of people be getting burn in that shit. Oh I didn't know That. Yeah the shit was burning me and that shit was making me so mad as I walked off the court knowing that I blew the game. That was the only thing I remember for real. 'cause after that it was straight league. Yeah. Yeah. What it was like when you was like, you know I, I seen a video, a documentary you on, you know Chicago getting the first pick or Miami or whatever. What was it like that feeling when you seen Chicago got that first pick? Like damn So yeah we was in LA at the time and right when I seen that they were like one of the last ones I kinda knew then and like what it was thought it was, even though people didn't in the room didn't say it.


I'm like damn Chicago a 7% chance. I'm like we gonna end up winning that shit. Yeah. And yeah that's going back to the crib like yeah everybody got experience that one time at least one time. Yeah. Like don't you know how everybody be saying you shit play New York at least one time as a, as a Hoover just to feel the atmosphere. I feel the same way about people playing at home. If you could, you might as well like at least get that experience. You know what I'm Saying? Hard. I leaned on you, you don't even know. But I left Indiana to come to Minnesota. Right. So when you came on the team I'm like damn. 'cause I hate no shade to Minnesota. I love Minnesota cool. But I hated leaving the crib.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like damn it was everything I wanted. Like I'm at the crib, my homeboys, everybody be at the game after I leave the game I throw evil with my family, all that. So when I came, when you came to Minnesota it was like ah, it's somebody I'm about to lean on. 'cause he experienced what I experienced like yeah he had to lead a crib before. Yeah. So like that's why I started like you probably don't even know I started gravitating towards you like hey bro, you wanna shoot, you wanna do that shoot. And you like, because I just want to get like damn how did that nigga get like through leaving Chicago like you was every like I was nowhere near what you was to Indiana but you are to Chicago. Like I was good but I played one year. You was there MVP high expectations showed it off.


I'm like man, how he get through leaving the crib? So I just wanted to like, I'm like man, how he work? What his mental like and then I start seeing you read books and shit and it's everything that I never even thought like I'm thinking you like, like not like me but I knew you was like damn he from the Midwest he probably joking clown and clowning and you joking clown. Yeah, yeah you were super like dedicated to shit. And I was just like, all right, let me not fuck up his dedication because because I'm type of fucking that fuck this shit up. I start, hey bro, you trying to get some bullshit And he was just would be like, and he kind like made me start like appreciating the craft again. 'cause I was kind of like damn I got paid, I'm cool, my family's straight.


Yeah but then I seen you. I'm like, and he's super cool. Like he got paid. Yeah he don't even gotta be doing this really. But he appreciating the craft and it made me like start like hold on, let me stop playing. Let me like remember why I love hooping. Yeah. Was that and you brought that to me bro going Into the league though. Nah nigga. I was like everybody else, this shit it, it takes time bro. Yeah it takes growth bro. To get, I went through what I went through. I tried leaving two times like So you get to a point where like I could keep doing the same shit or I could change. So after I went and went through my, my case, I made a vow that for seven years that I was just going to like try to change my image.


You know what I'm saying? By just, just being me, just staying outta sight outta mind. And it went from seven to now I'm on year like 11 of me just like finding joy bro. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like basketball got me that. But even coming here, I'm always looking for something for inspiration. So like coming here, seeing what y'all got going on, watching from afar like huge fan of of Jeff of course. And seeing how he's adapting to like this new world and new business venture that he's in. Yeah. So the questions that I asked y'all in there, that's why I asked. We talk about, you know what I'm saying? Because but that's where y'all heading, you know what I mean?


So We appreciate you As Well. Love. Was It a vet that when you got to the league that kind of embraced you? Every, almost every vet bro. That's awesome. Almost every vet, every teammate I had, I, I appreciated. That's how I looked at this. Every one of 'em because when it comes to like the basketball shit, when I was in it, I'm like even though I am want the Fame, I still wanted people to like appreciate like the work that I put in or like, like the way that I played. So when I used to be on teams when niggas and they tell me they from booze from Alaska, I'm thinking about market. Market. Yeah. Market. And that's a market. Okay. Yeah. Like damn I never knew.


You know what I mean? You from overseas. Damn they watching you too. That mean they watching me. I bet. Like you know what I'm saying? I got you. I always showed love to everybody and I had gray vets too. Gray vets. Yeah. Like show me about health. Like luau was the first one I seen eat like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich at halftime. And now that's a custom in the league. That's it. Before you go on the buzzer, I mean like brunch, all that shit is a is is just there now. But before it was there you had like OGs that really you saw stretching before every game. Like a Nazi Muhammad, like Jo Keem, how he took care of his body.


Like a lot of guys were really pros bro. Yeah. Played at least 16, 17 years. Oh yeah. Didn't get in the game at all. But they get ready, they'll get activated. Like they're about to play 30 minutes and to just chill. So I seen that and I'm like man, whenever I do get in that position I'm gonna try to handle that the same way. But I only how you get there is you gotta kill your ego. Hmm. And that's not like a one time thing. Yeah. That's like a continuous fucking everyday thing, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Where motherfuckers think it's just one time. Nah, that's just the first challenge. This shit just gonna keep popping up.


Especially if you call your man you, you feel like you, you accomplish something. Right. You know what I mean? It is a thin balance. It's a balance. You gotta balance the shit out. So being aware of that, being mindful of it. Like that's when he met me. That's what the stage that I was in When I seen you like I ain't gonna lie, everybody know me. I be like I don't want no kids. Yeah. But when I see you with your son like being in Minnesota and like seeing him shoot the bat, I, this is just random shit I remember 'cause I used to be watching like that's hard. Y'all tried to shoot the ball into the rack to the rack. Yeah. And I'm like y'all niggas know y'all not about to hit that. Right. Yeah. And I'm like y'all looking like they ain't gonna hit that and y'all would continuously do it.


And I remember one time he hid it. Yes sir. And I was like, that motherfucker hit that shit. Like I'm surprised too. Yeah. I surprised. I was surprised. No not one the bet but that's my version of the crate for him. Yeah. Put the crate up on the bro, we going, we going make a basketball rim outta anything on this motherfucker. That real, that just being creative and I want you to be able to be on this court this stage and feel comfortable around 20 to 10 pe 10,000 people looking at you. Just be yourself. Yeah. Because a lot of kids, I see like a lot of kids that get on that stage freeze Up Scared in the motherfucker. I am like nah, I don't want my kids going through through that and I'm putting them in positions to make 'em uncomfortable.


Like I'm putting my myself in positions but for them I wish I had a dad or yeah I I something that I wish I had. So I gotta present that opportunity for them. Nah, I would watching that shit, that's man he over there tossing that ball. I'm, and so it was like three days in a row. I'm like yeah he ain't going. I ain't going that that thing going, that ain't gonna happen. He hit that shit. I'm over there like damn nigga niggas. Yeah R PJ I see you black like it that's just, it is dope to see. Nah, Nah that's hard. A lot of these niggas, I'm glad you ain't trying to, but a lot of these niggas trying to live through they kids on the hoop world. Especially a lot of these a U dads. So I was gonna ask you like how do you balance that dad life and you know, making sure he stay on the straight narrow on the hoop store, you know, pushing himself to his max ability.


I mean I push him but at the same time it's more like discipline with him right now. But I it's about knowing your worth too because he's in the stage and a lot, a lot of little hoopers need to hear this like knowing your worth. Like if a, a company come to you for an NIL deal or something like that and like you don't know your worth, you'll take any deal but you gotta look at like what do you see your, your brand or what you see yourself associated with. Like he had a deal to come to him in which I thought that he shouldn't have took but I can't say that to him. I asked him about it. Hey, you think it's right? So who do you see yourself asso associated with this brand?


That brand. He start thinking about it like I gotta make you think I gotta provoke a thought. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like just to see where your head at, where you thinking at least put it on your mind that if you see yourself being a MVP type caliber, whoever you associate yourself with gotta be on that same level too. Mm. So like the the hooping inside, I let him just play bro. I'm not on him. I make him do his pushups and sit ups and shit like that. But yeah it's really just school and making sure that his mental right. Like a lot of kid he quiet so a lot of kids be like going through shit by themselves and I'm with my kids. I want to be able to make sure that I'm there or not only like my kids but my, my family.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah, For sure. It's interesting to hear you say, you know what I'm saying with T he coach alma mater. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like kids that now, like you said, it is a different situation now. Growing up in high school being good or having some type of impression, they getting deals. It's like all right that might be cool now but you don't know what you're getting yourself into. Ain't nobody getting deals at high school. Not Indiana. That's what Say He 11. Oh Shit He loving bro. But like it is like coaching kids like you. Right. It's a lot of the mental stuff like what they go through outside of basketball. You just wanna make sure that they in a comfortable spot or they in a good place. But like you doing that with your kids and that's dope. I wanted to know like when you watch 'em play 'cause I seen him hit a game, a game winner.


Yeah. You know you too. I'm like damn. Like I remember him like you said, I remember him shooting on the, on the little rack or whatever. So to see him hitting game winners, do you see his skill belt? Like his skill level going up and you like shit man, I'm starting to see it. Do you It is now. And like I said, that's why I'm taking this step down. I'm taking now bro. Like I have to be There. Yeah. That's For my mans bro. Dope. It's real like it's all about the discipline bro. Like, I don't know how many times like as a, as a, I'm talking as a dad not a father because it's a difference. Like my kids call me dad. I love when they call me dad, not father. That don't sound right to me.


Even they Right. That sounds like Michael Jackson. Shit sound like a don't sound right to me. So like that time that I'm putting in giving every one of my kids my, my that equal time, you know what I'm saying? But with him, since he's the oldest, I have to be a, a little bit more strict on him as far as making sure he gets up on time for school, taking out the garbage, all little chores, shit. But it create, it creates your character, you know what I'm saying? Discipline. Oh man. So I'm, I'm seeing like it carries over too where if you're not di disciplined in something that you passionate about ba in basketball, how you think you gonna be disciplined in the other areas?


Yeah. You not, if you not disciplined about something that you love other areas, it's gonna fall too. That shit gonna crumble at some point. That's a fact. Facts. You feel what I'm saying? Facts. So I'm like, bro, dedicate yourself to this and I guarantee you it's gonna pay off. But he listened though, like that's half the battle too. And, and which I love about him. I could talk to him. He got his own individuality too. Yeah. So once I see that I, I i I don't want to tamper with that because I see that if I do you gonna try to make, you gonna try to follow me or follow in my footstep You are your own person. Yeah you are P jro you are your own entity. Right. How you feel about this? I ask him how he feel bro.


That's all. How what you think He'll tell me the honest truth. All right. This is how we gonna think about it. Just like we was talking about with the deal. He was mad that I was telling him that shit about the deal. Like 'cause he, he knew that I was telling him. Right. Like what? Like I was asking him questions and the questions I was he the answers he was like not elaborating on them like yeah he, he said a certain company name, I don't wanna say the name said they name. I'm like so how like that don't add up p you see what I'm saying? He started to hear what I'm saying. He he heard what I was saying but started crying. I'm like bro I'm not here to chastise you or make you feel like you made the wrong decision.


Yeah. I'm just showing you that you have worth Yeah. Yeah. And coming 'cause you have worth now you decide what that worth is going to be. A lot of kids these days they don't know what the worth. They don't, they don't even know that they got worth that alone telling the motherfucker that they love 'em or something or hitting them. I'm patting him on the back for letting, for doing something. Right. So me expressing to him where I'm at right now telling him like man PJ, I'm doing this for me, my my nigga. Yeah. Not doing this for you no more. Yeah I'm quitting 'cause of me. Yeah. I'm tired of it. I'm doing this solely to be around y'all. Yeah, yeah. Taking you to school.


I'm picking you up, I'm doing this, I'm doing that. He gonna appreciate this. You may not understand it now. That's my whole little saying now you ain't gonna understand it but later on you gonna respect it. Facts. I say that all the time Mother sir house bro you ain't gonna understand motherfucker kids trifling. Damn you Gonna do it homie. I done lied to told motherfuckers, hey bro y'all keep this room trifle dude these mice and shit gonna come fuck you up roaches and shit. You got a lie to him. You got kind of casting funny. Nah for sure. Hell, I was saying all kind of bullshit. Look at pea Anything to make him listen bro. Nah for sure. You gotta trick him a little bit.


Yeah. Like that's what I meant by being a dad. Like sparking like sparking that engine sometimes you got a lot of kids now they don't know how, they ain't going to know because of the, the, the the conditions and living circumstances that you gather in because of Yeah what you went through. I went through this, I'm putting you in this type of environment so that you don't gotta go back to that. If they do go back to it, you'll failure anyway. You'll a failure if you let 'em go back. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? So I'm, I'm creating this for you and to see you thrive and that's all I'm that's the stage I'm man just bossing up bro. That's nah for sure. Shit. It's all about bro Man For sure.


Listen man, we are blessed, blessed, blessed man we appreciate you pulling up. I know how much this means for you bro. I know how much this means to us. Like we said, we got this opportunity. Shout out to the team for making this happen man. We were ecstatic man. We are really happy that you pulled up on us man means the world to us for sure bro. Love Bro. No, nah For for sure. I gotta say something for you. Leave bro. I'm so geek bro. Like I'm a fan. Like I know we graduated in oh seven whatever. So like when I was a in college you was a rookie and you going against Rondo and them in the Celtics in the playoffs and stuff And I'm watching, I'm like damn it's some I know him like I competed against him. I seen him to see you do that shit and then like to get to know you over the years and then see what kind of person as you kind of father you are, how dope you are as a person.


Cool. And like for you to have all the accolades and all, all the shit that you got and how humble you are. It's like bro you would put me in spaces and we'd be in rooms and you a like you the one and you like this nigga crazy I'm taking over the floor but everybody wanted to be around you. Yeah. And that shit is dope. You don't meet too many people who just like, who got the resume or the person that you are and let you be. You like Lord you ain't had to let me start bro. You know what I'm saying? Like Lala you the No I'm not saying I ain't earned, I ain't saying I ain't earned a story bro. Exactly Bro. Exactly At That time for show, if we being honest bro, like I'm just a realistic person bro.


Like you had mighta went through some stuff, you went to New York and whatever, whatever and then you came to the team. But when you started hooping bro you nigga you was averaging 16 off the bench. I was averaging 10. No But still I I at that time I was fully aware of where I was at at that time. I didn't want to start, TIFF used to try to come to me, I'm like no I know you ain't wanna start but I was like please tell this nigga, tell this nigga to start time you Telling the total opposite and The whole reason I'm telling tips tell this nigga Mant probably going to you like you, you need to start. He probably like nah his ass, I'm like tell him again hey what's so crazy is in A different situation that goes differently and most of the time and that's the typical in NBA typically you got them going against each other but y'all pushing each other and that's why it worked out.


That's crazy. No that nigga just didn't wanna start because They was hurting his feelings. It wasn't even about Fuck Fuck them Get the same ass nigga. That's what came seen that nigga 44 Jersey. I'ma tell my my last I was, I was, I was fucking zero there. Listen, fuck you listen my last day I we went to Prince House right? Oh yeah we went to Prince House. Right. We had a little show and I'm gonna let y'all get outta here me wig. So you to know Wig is to love wig and he's li he's me and him very similar. We're anti a lot of stuff and then not Omar just put it out.


I didn't say that, he said that. So then the no wig and then the no Gorgie so it's me Gorgie and Wig at a table. Right. We don't smile for shit. We don't do shit. We mean like people don't know this side of me. Only the teammates know I joke and shit like the fans don't know they think I'm ass so I don't smile about shit. But wig don't smile about shit. Gorgie, he the nicest person in the world but they don't know like he don't smile Man our table empty. Nobody walk by our table. I'm talking about man his table Bro. Nigga the Prince jersey walking by. Not one person had a dress tea Prince Jersey by the way.


I think my mama might have one. This nigga Prince Jersey bro had to be the highest selling shit in the NBA that year. It had to be bro. Yeah it was up there. I knew it was bro. They was walking by. I was like damn, damn that's nah damn damn. I'm like wig damn wig just got a max. I'm like fuck bro, you like you might want, he was like I gotta leaf bro they don't fuck with me y'all. I'm like they don't no it was on that man he Was Nah he was just like I got a leaf like they not fucking with me no more. It was Cat and d and then Dro this jersey was more than Kaz. I was like yeah he not gonna be back like you know what I mean. I'm like Kat not fucking with that.


I'm keeping it a beam bro. I'm keeping a be bro. I was like stop. Okay. I'm not on Cat bro. I swear to, I swear to God I love Ka bro. Cat cool as hell. I think Kat one of the coolest players that ever play the same same. When I seen that shit you had to be there bro. It we at Prince's house bro with Prince Jerseys. I'm watching, I'm like this is D Row shit. Like I'm like this his shit. You know me, I'm I'm, I'm a real nigga. I real, I realize shit like yeah he went in 6 million. I'm like yeah he yeah this is his team.


That Was one of the best collabs that they did. Yeah, fire Fire was that the First time they ever Did that? I don't know. That shit was fired. Had to be Bro. My mama called me like get that prince jar. I said baby it's gonna be a lot for you. I'm like shit motherfuckers up there. I like that D row. I remember I asked you said can you sign this motherfucker? It's how much people have like can you sign it for me? He was like yeah I signed it and somebody took that bitch From the You got? Yeah you signed it and put it in the locker nigga I came back, it was gone. It was one of the equipment. Somebody Y'all came right now. I came. I know so many niggas was asking for that shit. I was, I ain't wanna ask him to sign another one. I'm like damn that Motherfucker gonna be on eBay right after this interview.


Motherfucker With that jersey champion 400 k for that motherfucker. Right. I knew when he had all them jerseys. I said yeah That was a hell of a experience. That was, that was dope. That was dope. His house was crazy. I swear That was dope. That's one of the craziest homes I ever been to. They still respect him homie. Oh he's a legend bro. No I'm talking about in the house. The rules stay bro the same. No Nigga don't touch, You can't touch nothing as if he's still there. I never saw nothing nigga It be gentle around that. I swear. Swear bro. Nigga don't shoot on that. Go like I was like damn They said the they used to. Who too? I would love to meet him like that But Same food menu like you can't bring no meat, no other shit in the crib.


They still respect him. My, I never saw nothing like it bro. That's far shit. Crazy. Damn. Listen I know we gotta get, I gotta ask, we brought up the jerseys. How does it feel to still see, you know what I'm saying? Like people wear your jerseys like because I know like we always talk about the jerseys like that. Like that baby blue nuggets Melo jersey. But that number one bull jersey. Yeah. Come on Man. That's like a hood legend jersey. Like everybody in the world, even you go to the frat house of the oh crazy white boys playing beer pong. They got a de bro jersey y'all. How's it feel for that like today Universal moment like everybody's like no matter where my boy at, we fucking with that jersey. As far as right now, I'm living in gratitude. For sure bro. Be appreciative. You know what I'm saying? And not to make y'all this episode serious like this.


'cause I know y'all normally got like humor, some humor shit. But Nah you good bro. We don't talk. We go pop shit straight bro. You straight. Some People need To hear. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, just living in gratitude bro. And that's one of the reasons why I think we wanted to come here and show love. Nah, Appreciate Bro. Some Midwest shit. Like I said for Sure man. Hey man, like I said, we appreciate you. We appreciate you giving us this moment man. It means a lot for both sides man. We can't wait to see what you do next. You know we got the team going. Keep creating man. We definitely going to push and support that before we get outta here. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at the shop Club. Five twenty.com baby. The Volume.