
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect.


It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to get filled with statement pieces and vintage funds. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer hand badge are the real deal on eBay. Doors to open to stacks of the rear trading cars in a garage. Stop with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest tasks such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey.


It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely.


Drink wisely The Volume. All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special special guest in the building championship edition. To my left. We gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog Bishop B here out the prairie. Least how you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Look, jt. I know you know what I'm saying? You got your own shoe. But have you ever seen the black forces with the white laces? Yeah, I seen the pod a couple times. You rocking with him. JT is cool. Jt, this DJ introduced the other nigga ain't gonna do that. I ain't like his energy to my right.


I got my dog. Young Nacho yo team. How you what man? I'm chilling bro. I got my Jordans on some sixes for team Jordan today. We got some team Jordan in the building. But you know I'm, I'm an anti athlete. They do not want you do Shout to Kyle man. He showed love man. You know, I mean respect to the brand. You crazy. But to my left man who actually has a shoe. Listen man, champion, champion, champion. One of the coldest to ever do it young killing the NBA. They never accomplished everything you could do at a young age and still got more to build. Man, we got the champion Jason ta in the building. Appreciate you pulling up big dog. No appreciate y'all having, he finally can say he champ like me.


I'm hype for you my boy idea. You did do it first Ray JI did it first bro. You know what I mean? Caught Ray anything but Ray J but nah, actually better than your cousin Ray bro. He Ray J me boy. He got the champ here man. I'm hype bro because this is my bro man. He cool. He sure we got a Midwest group chat. We always show love in there. So I'm hype to have you on the show bro. Hey man, shout out to the game. Listen, we got a lot to talk about with you, but we'll talk about the first time y'all met man, when y'all first linked up in Boston. Yeah. You came to save Celtics man I came to save him man, you know I mean head line you Thank you jt. That nigga be lying. He had my jersey number first but I let him keep it so I had to go 55.


You know I was originally zero. Did you ask for it? What? 55? No. Fuck no. Did you ask for your Jersey zero? I said is it available? You did. I said is available. Nah, I asked for, I respected what he did but I ain't know I was gonna lose my name in the process. But it's all good. The real jt. Yeah, I lost my number and my name was crazy. My identity bro. It's crazy. It's cool though man. That's funny. Listen man, we gonna start to the orders of B here. He super tapped in, you know what I'm saying? With the high school aau, he was definitely on one of the coast AAU teams for sure.


Yeah, it was at the St. Louis Eagles. Yeah bro, you gave boys hell back the day. Back in the day. Any me matchups you had back then, so I know you led the EYB and scoring. He was gunning 26. Think for me. I mean it's like everybody, we all grew up playing against guys that's in the league now. Harry Giles one of my best friends, we played against each other all the time. We got one of the best a U games I feel like of all time. We played on SPN semi-finals to go to Peach Jam. Yeah. And we was down 20 and half.


We came back and my point guard Jordan Barnes who went to Indiana State. Okay, we playing overseas now. He had a half course shot at the buzzer and that was, it was crazy 'cause you know HG was no more playing in the country, playing against the best team to go to the finals. And I committed to Duke on TV right after that game. Grant Williams was out there, Johnson coach was out there. Oh, Johnson talked about that game. I never talk about that game. It was like five or six pros out there and we was at Peach Jam. CP was on the bench coaching. So that's like one of my favorite AAU games I've ever been a part of. Juga Boys buckets. You gave Miles. Bridges 40 Dang Markel fo 40, dang. Damn. I forgot who the other name was in high school I think yo, your senior year.


You went crazy. I mean I been all right for, for a while. I seen, I seen a highlight when you and Jalen Brunson was going at it in high school. So I ain't gonna lie. Jalen Brunson, he gave us 50. We played in, we played in West Virginia. Yeah I was a junior. He was a senior and that was, that was one of the times I left and I was like, nah, we got cooked but we ended up, we ended up winning the game. But it just cool to look back on those matchups of like man, like people think Jalen Brunson may be a, a late bloomer but he like been killing since you came. Nice. Yeah, he was in high school. Even in the USA like the U 19, the U 19 team. Like he was going crazy.


No, he went on my team. He went on y'all team no year after that. Oh, U 19. Yeah. Not 2019 U 19. Yeah. He won MVP. Yeah he was killing so he was in Yeah we, we tapped in. You see our facts get you win. We, we straight you out now. No, that was crazy. Cool. Yeah, that was crazy. He was going crazy. It was like three of us was still in high school. Some was going to college and Summer just finished like they freshman year in college. So yeah, it was cool to have a mix of different guys. But no jb he put us on his back and we was in, I think we was in Greece and we won the gold medal. Mm. Killing being from St. Louis and being a star high school player. Like why you choose Duke?


I know Emil here and Duke, he was at Duke for 20 years. But why did you choose Duke? Dave? That's, that's my big 13. My fault, my fault. He, yeah he a legend that Duke Sure a legend dude to man. For sure. He was the, to be honest man growing up, I never thought that I was going to Duke. Like I just didn't think people where I came from went to Duke. I didn't think like that Coach K would come to my crib. Yeah. I wanted to go to Ohio State.


Greg Oden, Mike Conley. Yeah, Evan Turner. Those was my favorite players in college so Damn. I thought that's where like I was going. You didn't watch Wake Forest? Never. Oh okay. Just making sure. Shout out to CP though. Oh you a I did. I be watching This's All good. Alright. That's what we, shit I, I'm tread like oh man y'all crazy. Obviously you said high school crew are going crazy. Ended up going to Duke. What was that transition like? You know what I'm saying? Because obviously Holly taught career in high school. You get to Duke, duke is the place that's like none of other tradition is very important.


You got a hall of Fame coach and the institution that's more than any player you to come in like is humble to be in that situation. How was that? You know they always say like when you in, that's the first big decision you make as a, as a young man. And for me, I only took one official visit. Like I took one official visit and I got there on like Friday morning by Saturday I remember I was at the bookstore with my mom like yo like we need to start buying hoodies. Like I'm coming to Duke. Damn dang. I just felt that the vibe of the team, how they felt about coach and, and how they talked about 'em and how close they was, I was like man I don't want to waste no time of going to no other visits. I was like man I wanna go to Duke.


So that was like one of the best decisions I ever could have made. Some of my best friends I ever met from Duke, shout out to John Shire, that's somebody I talk to every other day still. And you know we always talk about the brotherhood and and that's a real thing regardless of if you ever played with them or if they was there 25 years before you. It's always love whenever you see anybody that had that uniform. And I just wanted to be a part of something that was bigger than myself and knowing that I was only gonna go to college for, for one year. Damn you knew that. That's a lesson. Yeah I did. I knew that I wanted to, I wanted to be somewhere that was gonna set me up for the big stage.


Right. You go to Duke, that's the best, no disrespect nobody else but that's the best, one of the best college programs right? We always on national tv the expectations is high media training, all those things is just preparing you for the next level. And I was gonna ask like, you know what I'm saying, I know that that's lit but what was that experience like that first time playing in in Cameron Indoor? Like what was that first? Because they, y'all fans crazy as hell. Yeah. So I mean a lot of people don't know I got hurt in our second pro day so we had our second prote. I ended up, I had like a little stress fracture in my toe and I missed, I missed our first 12 games. So I remember that I, my first time playing, I think we played like Tennessee State at home and it wasn't no load management, no minute restriction.


I played like 22 minutes straight. I called it cramp. So my first game was a little little up and down. But no, we got the best fans. A lot of people when they come to Duke they don't understand that like this is the gym. Like it's so small. They walk past, they think that's where we practice at. Yeah. It's only like five, 6,000 people in there. But you know they, they definitely support and the energy is crazy and you know it's bittersweet. Like I only got the experience that for one year but it definitely was a great experience. How was it playing for Coach? I'm about to say Coach Kyle. So Mike Shaki cow, my dog. I'm sorry you know Prep hand thinking about that money family, you know what I mean?


Lock it. Shout out to the game Now how was that playing for Coach K though bro? I heard he got in your ass a couple times. Hey hey yo. Alright Jason. He call him Jason up here because I lost my name. He ain't Jason, he JD up here. Yeah, alrightyy playing for Coach K was great. I mean the thing I respect most about Coach is he is a leader of of men. Yeah. And he really understands how to galvanize a team and how to get you to really compete and play hard. And I think that's the biggest thing for kids that's coming outta high school. Everybody's talented but how can you work well with a team? How do you learn how to compete?


How do you learn how to get outside yourself, get outside your comfort zone. I think Coach K was great at at motivating and he wanted the best for me. Like he wanted me to be the best player I could be. He wanted me to be one and done. He wanted me to go be where I'm at. And I think that was, that was important. That was special. 'cause you hear a lot of stories of coaches that like yeah wanna hold guy's back or want to keep him. Hell yeah Coach K like he pushes you to be the best version of yourself And that's somebody like Coach K text me today. Like even at 77 like you know he still tap in and we talk all the time. Did he ever troll you like just to get you to play better or did he have his like little antics with you?


Nah, he definitely was a master manipulator. Yeah. I mean we was playing Virginia. Virginia. We was playing at Virginia and it was the best game I had in college at the time. I had two points at halftime but we was winning. I thought I was playing defense. I, I came at halftime, I'm dapping everybody up. I'm like yo like you know let's keep it going. We gonna win. Like keep playing the right way. No lie I'm sitting next to Mill coach K Caman. I'm like, I'm leaning forward. I'm like yo, like let's go. Caman took his jacket off and he threw it at me. He was like you so fast St. Louis kid. He said if I knew you was gonna play like this I would've left you back in St.


Louis. Damn. I'm talking about he cussed me out the whole 12 minutes and like Mill was next. He could tell like I was, I don't get mad like I don't like nobody calling me soft and I don't want nobody to disrespect where I'm from. Yeah. That's how Nelly talk to Murphy. Lee chilling. That's his cousin. He don't nel story bro. I just had a player man bro. But I think coach was just good at like, he knew how to push your buttons and yeah I scored 28 points in the second half because I was just angry and you know at, at the time I ain't understand but after I realized like hmm he just knew how to coach certain players.


Yeah And he was excellent at that. That's hard. 28 points in second half. Damn you ain't getting no shots. Ain't getting no shots bro. It's all good though. I've been there, I've been there. Chill. My man ain't got no mic. Just saying I been there. I know bro. I, I play, I played on the Celtics bro. Me, hey it was a different time of my life for sure man. It's funny. You know what I'm saying? The A CC people guard the best conference basketball You was in there. You were in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Its sl to you but I definitely hated you at a time period. 'cause I'm a Louis fan and we did not have a chance to get y'all one the worst times of my life during that period because every cold player was going to Duke and we didn't have a chance at all.


Nah, nah. Duke is a tough place to play. I mean I killed, it was a tough place to play though. What you do with Cameron? Ndo? Probably like two in school. Dang. I ain't got one and done. I I had two Had two. I was already talking the question. He probably be funny. He know I did two years bro. Trying to be funny. ICU been one of done what you have against wake forests. You remember he ain't getting no buckets. We locked that up. I ain't, I ain't play good ass. Yeah you could nah wake we ain't going bro. Yeah ain't stupid ass motorcycle. Yeah Coach K we played him blow the smoke. We blew the smoke at Coach K. Right. And he started coughing before the guy.


He gonna call in the ACC and tell him that we can't do the motorcycle no more. We beat him that game anyway. But I had 26 at freshman stupid motorcycle and the basketball team what y'all do and y'all probably only do that when y'all play Duke. I had 26 and we beat him. I ain't care. That's the problem. Everybody pull out their best tricks when Duke come to town. That was every, that was every game. Don't do that. I was that week four when I got to your team leg was gone. Ain't had no more bounce. I had none of that. Who was the hardest a C team You face against though. Wake Forest stop. I know he ain't gonna say that honestly. North Carolina, they won a championship that year. Yeah I just won.


Yeah, they won a JA year too. They won when I was in school too. They Joe Berry, Justin Jackson A CC played the year. Yeah. Kennedy Meeks, Theo Penton. We ended up, we played him three times. Yep. We, we went two on one and if we didn't get cheated against South Carolina and we would've met him in the championship, hell off South Carolina. They went to the final four. They did. They did bro. They lost to South, South Carolina smack. That was, that was outta shape. Glen Davis. Bill Kennedy mix too yo. Oh you're a North Carolina fan. Yeah, he like you absolutely said you like Coach Cal. Right. But I fuck with UNCI fuck with Coach Cal off the court. We'll talk later. The family business.


Jason quit snitching in two different ministries. Yeah. Walking through the pot. Don't worry about that. Obviously you say you knew it was gonna be a one to die, you know what I'm saying? Season ends. How was LA knowing you was like it's time to get paid like transition to be a pro like dream come true. How was that moment? How was that Summer? I ain't gonna lie. We lost to South Carolina and I was, I was upset like, 'cause I was fully involved. Like I, I was at Duke. I was like, I won seniors through, I won to win a championship. The start of the season wasn't great but we end up, we won the a CCC tournament, we won four games in four days. Nobody had ever done that so we ended up being the two seats. So I'm thinking like, yo, we really gonna win the championship we lost in the second round.


And after the game I remember I was like devastated. I was sick, did media, I'm in the locker room and then I remember I got to the crowd and I went to go see my mom and it just, it just clicked. I was like, damn, like my dream about to come true. Damn. And at that moment it wasn't like I didn't care that we just lost it. It was like man, this is what I've been working towards my whole life. And it was like I saw my mom, I was like yo, I'm about to change my mom life. Yeah. And at that moment I wasn't that sad no more. Like I was, I was damn near excited but I remember I was a little nervous calling Coach K like telling him like, yo, I'm not coming back to school. Mm. And coach was like, you, you pick your agent yet you, you ready?


I was like, damn coach. Like you don't want me to come back? He's like, no. Like you gotta go. That's for real. Yeah, that's for real for sure. But like I, I always was gonna leave but I had just built a connection and relationship at Duke and you know, still tied in to this day and you know, I was just happy to be a part of that program. NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action at Draftking Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA. You can bet on teams to win game spreads and of course the best we always love on the DraftKings sports book, those NBA player props, rebounds assist points, all the player props you need can be found on DraftKings new customers.


Download the DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five two oh and BET $5 to get $200 in bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu. Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed.


Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And This episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job.


The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love. Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York and the bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game.


Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up it's golf. No that's dope man. A lot of people don't get that experience where their coach wants you to leave and like telling you pick an agent and stuff. Our coach was nothing like that bro. He was just ready for them niggas to go. Yeah he was hating on us doing the draft. He was telling two people we was bad teammates, all type of stuff. It was crazy. So that's dope that Coach K did that for y'all. For real? Yeah that's love. Listen we know where you win the draft but did you think he was going number one? You didn't think so? Who won? Number one your draft. Markel. Markel And then two was Lonzo. I ain't gonna lie, Markel fo was cold in college.


He was raw. He nah, facts. He was hard to watching. Yeah, he was nice and I watched him, I was like yeah he, he special. Lonzo was nice but LaVar Ball's marketing skills that entire summer. Yeah that was him. That was crazy. That's, that should be spoke on more because I mean Lonzo was Kobe obviously he was deserving, he was robbed but LaVar so him so high for real He so him so high going on campaign. Who else pair was on ESPN bro before the like he really went crazy for that. He daddy he's gotta do better. I'm glad you ain't going. Daddy gonna be on bro. No privilege. Yeah bro. Daddy wasn't involved right there. They gotta do better you feel me? But it was a blessing not to go to LA for me to, for you. I'm glad you ain't go to LA. I mean he probably would've been filthy out there anyway but I think Boston was just perfect.


No, I mean it definitely worked out. But like you said, during that process the narrative was, it was consensus that Markel was going number one and when the Lakers got the second pick it was like Lonzo was going too. So it was never a thought in my mind. It was like I just felt like everybody had their mind made up. Dang. And I was in LA so Philly had the number one picket first they came to watch me out, the Celtics came to watch me out. I'm sorry the Celtics had the number one picket at the time they came to watch me in Phoenix. So Phoenix was four. So I worked out for all of 'em. They come watch me, everybody was raving about the workout but then somebody, I ain't gonna say his name but somebody on the Celtics front office was like, yo, one of the best workouts I seen, he was like good luck in your career but you know we got the number one pick, we probably not gonna pick you.


So at the time I was like, like damn I don't, I don't wanna go. Damn Brad you did that. No I wasn't that. I'm just playing. I mean, lemme stop. I'm sorry good brand. Come on bro. Don't do my guy like that. Nah, I'm brand my guy too. I'm sorry bro. But for me, I grew up a Kobe fan. Like I always wanted to play for the Lakers so don't do it for them to have the number two pick. And it was like they didn't even, it wasn't even a thought that I was going to get drafted. Like that was kind of devastating. So I never worked out for the Lakers, they never came to watch me work out. And then it was like a week before the draft, Philly and Boston traded the pick one three and I wanted to go to Phoenix. Phoenix had the fourth pick.


Errol Watson was the coach. I went out there, I was looking at houses, the weather was nice. Damn they had a young team. I was like man I'm gonna go get the play sucks. And then I remember Coach K was like, yo, Boston went to have you for a second workout, you should go. I'm like Coach, like they just came off the Eastern conference finals. They got a veteran team like I'm probably not gonna play, I don't want to go. Yeah. And he was raving about bras Stevens, he was like brass. One of the best coaches in the league. Like just go for another workout. And I remember I went up to Boston like three days before the draft I had another workout and I ain't, I didn't know where I was getting drafted until they called my name. Dang. And but you know the rest was history and it, it all worked out for sure.


That's crazy. 'cause I know from the outside looking in we, like I said, we fell for some of the propaganda from the ball ball. We didn't know it was sew up like that. So to hear you say like yeah the Lakers was that locked in? That's crazy. Yeah, I, I was, I was sick too 'cause it was like, man, I, I was so close to my dream and I might play for the Lakers. It was like best case scenario and they was, hey mine was made up. They didn't wanna come watch me work out or had me come in. I was like man, so you didn't think you was gonna play at all in Boston. And then I get drafted Gordon Hayward signed with the Celtics. I called my agent like, yo I gotta get traded. Yeah. Facts. I'm in summer league before I ever play a game. Like yo, he like relaxed, just waited out.


Yeah man, he doing too much. Basically he is like, you gotta chill. I'm like, yo, I'm trying play, I'm, I'm, I don't, I didn't get drafted to come off the bench and not start. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, yo, just like you in a great organization, they gonna teach you how to play the right way. I ain't gonna lie. Would've been worried too. JB just up Bryce Young. Yeah. Grabbed the headset JT because J they picked up and then JB just got drafted the year before and JB didn't even play that much his first year. Yeah, he didn't. He didn't. So I would've been concerned too. I ain't gonna lie. So at first I'm like then got, this is before Kai even came. Yeah. But then when Kai came it was cool 'cause we, we traded a lot of people for Kai.


I ain't gonna lie y'all Yeah. Y got yeah yo you had one to like you had I, I'll rock with you purely off the scale but I think what's so crazy about you is like you accomplished so much in a short little time that people like want to downplay it. It is just like, it's not his fault that he came in the league killing a lot of people take adjustment periods. You was on a veteran team with a lot of people trying to get contracts. But a lot of people try to prove themselves and still flourish. Like y'all had a cra rookie year. Y'all went crazy man. Yeah. Oh that was at, at that time that was like the most fun I ever had playing basketball. Like we lost our first two games and, and Gordon got hurt on opening night which was crazy. That was like tragic. Yeah unfortunately I remember we lost it.


Cleveland played back to back. We lost in Milwaukee. I was like damn this is gonna be a tough year. Yeah. But we won 16 games straight and I, that's when I was like Kyrie might be the best basketball player I've ever seen. My favorite player ever. Kyrie won the college ever. KY basketball re so cold. Then he got hurt and we had like 23 games left and I remember it was me, smart t Rowe, Marcus, Morris Baes Al and we was already the two C and we had 23 games to like play like learn how to play with each other And then we got to the playoffs and it was like man we was just like everybody favorite team because we was all young. Nobody expected us to beat Giannis in the Bucks. Then we beat Joelle definitely and played LeBron in the NCE finals.


We was rolling. I ain't gonna lie. Like we was just out there like having a ball. For sure. I gotta ask man, how was it? Know what I'm saying? Send LeBron to tweet the follow you back to Dunking on him in the playoffs. Like that's a hell of a transition. No it was definitely a full circle moment And and I remember like when we beat, we beat Philly and they had swept Toronto. That's when the tweets started going viral. Yeah I made that tweet in eighth grade like when I first got on Twitter. Yeah we know we see the Tom day but it's just funny as hell. Shit was like 2012 or something like that. He was a fan. Ugh. I would never tweet. Did he take a picture with Yeah but when I, he was 12 nigga was already six three.


You on King? Nah. That's funny. That's funny. Nah, I want you to speak on though for real. I wanna, I love Bro Terry Ger game bro. T Row Who? Legend. I was that playing with him man. That little stint that y'all had bro. Bro. So Teague though, like in the right before the season before training camp that's God started coming in like two, three weeks before. Yeah and the younger guys I was in there like a month and we was having like open, open runs and I remember the first time I called back home and I called back I said yo Terry er is like that bro.


And you know when you younger you think the guys that come off the bench or and I started, you think they just bums or or average man when I seen t Rowe in that first pickup game I was like nah like Terry really got game. Nah he called and all and for 95% of the league you gotta be in the right spot and have an opportunity. Yep. It's only a handful of guys that can go on any team and and and be who they are and that don't mean that the other guy's not that good. It's just those 5% of players are really that good. Yeah. Facts So you know, obviously you don't never wanna see somebody get hurt but it was a blessing in disguise for Kyrie to get hurt. T Roe got the show, you know lead the team and be the starting point guard and you know do all those things.


But I remember like it was September or whatever I called back home. I was like yo t Rowe is cold because you was killing bro. What I feel like he was y'all like leader bro. He was y'all dog and that run was on you remember was going crazy. JT was in the cut, you feel me? You was doing your thing. He was nigga at the front like what's happening when he tried to dunk on bro. That's when it got crazy. Yeah I was like yeah that was in the last game. Yeah. I was like yeah he, he ready to go. You know he done enough. I I'm just trying shit now. Yeah for sure. But the movie was crazy. A scary tear because our boy act like Eric Buso didn't act like he know who he was bro. He went crazy. He got smokey That mo that snatch back clipping Lewis. It was crazy. Bless. So at the game I said they out of pocket.


Yeah y'all was hard for that. Rockwood. That's tough. You know what I love Boston fans. Even though when I played there it was Covid. We didn't have a fan in the stand. That's why I wasn't hooping like that. Y we ain't no fans. I'm a, I'm a performer. Like I need a crowd. They had fake crowd noise. The stands wasn't even out was it? The stands wasn't even out hoop, acapella. Nah, I ain't no hooping. Like I don't that's what the problem was. Yeah. I ain't no practice player bro. I need a real show bro. I was like hey you tournament. Yeah it was fake crowd noise. Niggas mamas there. Yeah I'm waving at JT mama. She's the only one in the crowd. Put my son in the game. Little deuce running on the court. No security.


He running on the court. I like how get your song man I almost tripped over his shit. No dudes do he do whatever he want. I he No that's smart. Yeah I was no friends. That's fine. We really was cheering for each other like yeah what the who Boy I'm like I had my best game. We we on national TV didn't even feel like it. I tell people that was the hardest. That's gotta be like the toughest NBA season of of all time. That was terrible bro. That's why I ain't y no fans. You gotta do it. The nose swab every morning Terrible. Like it was, you just didn't know who was gonna play. Man it was terrible. You had to sit and wait 30 minutes before you could go in the gym. We all just up there texting like I'm like yeah this is over for me.


And that's crazy that y'all say that because I hear all the players say like that was a trying time but it's like everybody else in the media but like that Lakers ring don't count because it was Covid. I'm like the niggas who was playing said that was really hard to virus to deal with. That was a tough pulled over advice over y'all. It was tough. That was tough bro. I don't know about them. For me it was tough. No we know I play some crowd. It was especially being on the road that's, I wanna apologize to Boston 'cause that wasn't my best performance. There wasn't no fans there but you was ready though. I mean we don't wanna talk about your Michael Irving story but you was ready to play if they man stop. I wasn't, I wasn't wasn't I was just cleaning my nose a lot. I ain't want coke chill. Yeah he's out of pocket bro.


Let's move over that back. He always play too much bro. Hey for sure. That's why wrestlers gonna beat you up. Hey hey you need your help bro. You ain't have to stall him out bro. What? You said you how you rank a a fake sport. Listen, see nigga you didn't come on here to do this but fuck it. We here. That was wild. Everybody just sees the clips and fuck them. Really? I don't give a fuck honestly. Excuse my hey nigga. But since you wanna break it up. I said a real karate black bell. He agreed. He a wrestling group. No I did not agree. He jumps off the ropes at the house. He's the biggest wrestling fan in the world, in the world.


He jumped off the rope. Yes bro. They got a ring. Why you adding into this bro? See I'll be leaving stuff alone. Alright but I'm saying a real karate black belt is somebody who just plays in WWE e like not saying the top wrestlers or nothing but like the nigga that they probably had lavo ball out there. So it's like eight niggas built like lavo ball that Wrestl would get paid for that. So a motherfucking real karate earl type nigga with a black belt will beat the shit out one of them bro. I don't care. So it's G League Wrestl you said back worried, not worried. Next. We not gonna disrespect performing next man hitting this crazy.


I almost signed a deal with them. Stop. But the answer, the answer four one p then they a called me too bro. Stop laughing at him bro. I tell you know how you laughing at the lunch table. Person laugh getting Nicks bro. Don't do j jt stop. Cool. Hey man, shoes is crazy. What was that feeling like? You know what I'm saying? Knowing you was going to be a signature athlete getting your own shoe, man. Yeah. That's hard. Nah it was. It was dope. I mean for me, I don't, I don't take anything for granted. Like I'm still young enough where I remember the days of playing 2K with my cousin like yo, I'm gonna be on the cover one day or going to full locker like man, somebody gonna buy my shoes one day or getting a jersey for Christmas.


Like man, somebody gonna get my jersey for Christmas. So it's like, it's still a wild moment. Like when we go on the road and kids on the on the sideline, the kids in the crowd holding up my shoes like it's fire. Three years in, it's my third shoe and it's still like man, like all the guys in the league, all the shoes you could have went to go buy and it's like man you went to go buy mine. It's like that shit is still dope to me even to this day for sure. How's the design process like to be hands on with something like you said you get to see out in the world then the second side of that question is how do you feel about people playing against you in your shoes? So that's a So the first part it's an 18 month process. Mm. So like the threes is out, the fours is done.


We working on the five. So Okay. It's like it's a long process 'cause you like you want to enjoy what you wearing now, but you on meetings about when the forge is coming out and they like, all right well we need to start designing the fives. So it's, it is tough this time to kind of stay in the moment 'cause you like man I just wanna focus on what's going on right now. Yeah But shout out to everybody on the, on the team team Tatum and Jordan brand, they work very hard. We always on calls together and it's just dope to see all the work that go behind. Yeah and all how long it took and it's like when you finally see the final product, when you get to see all the colorways and and tell stories organically and people that you know can relate to whatever you're trying to to to tell it is dope.


And for me, you know seeing guys wear my shoes whether they college or the, or the women's team in college or the W NBA players. We just played Detroit like two games ago and shout out to Tim Hardaway. Tim Hardaway been wearing my shoes for like a year and a half now. Shout to Tim but always noticed whenever I play Tim he don't never wear 'em. Mm. But we always joke and laugh about it so he ain't wearing when we playing the other day then they went to Miami and he Adam Mo. But I, I get it like man being a competitor you try and compete against somebody like you don't wanna have they sneaks on. You know I totally understand that but I shout out to all the guys in the league that, that that wear the Tatum threes or twos or whatever and I really do appreciate it.


Them threes is raw bro. They fire You think you gonna have like a a Tatum team where like guys who were like you can, I mean what Steph just do, he signed D Fox, Tatum Soldiers. Yeah whatever you wanna call them. Tatum Soldiers is crazy. LeBron soldiers Tatum, I'm to deal LeBron Soldier. He ain't, I was Rock remember I tried to get D Rose to be start one too but yeah it didn't work out so gimme extra hundred grand. I wear them D rows but shout to get my boy. Take your shoot man. Yeah that'd be dope if if you know we keep building the the business and we get to a point down the road. Yeah. 10 years from now when I'm one of the older guys anything happen that saw it, that's fire.


I got asked What was that excitement be like? What was like a better feeling? I know you very grateful but being on 2K or getting your own shoe because that's too far ass accomplishments. Yeah but to be on the cover of 2K bro is crazy. Ooh that's a good question. I ain't gonna lie. I bought that 2K can't believe I bought it. Not like that. I'm not saying like that. I ain't bought 2K in a long time. You agree? I usually get it delivered. Support black people Rich. I appreciate it bro. You could have sent me one bro. This be your guy was this your vet shoes? Kai. Kai sent me shoes bro.


That's crazy. I got some JT two. I ain't never getting no JT ones. I'm gonna keep it up. You got some twos? I got some twos. Got some twos? Yeah Did you send them some threes? The three they on the way. Oh okay. Them tools, they the tools that I saw, I'm a Jordan athlete. You okay? I got the Jordan athlete now threes on the way where you use your platform kid so you gotta start bullying people. I think the moment when I found out I was on 2K was more special just 'cause it was my birthday and it was on the Netflix thing I did was starting five Deuce. He surprised me and at that moment like I kind of got emotional like I, I teared up a little bit just because it was like man it's my son sharing this moment with me.


Hell yeah. And it's just something I always dreamed of was like being on the cover of 2K is like legendary and and have your own shoe is as well. But yeah man 2K 25 is like Right. Everybody played 2K. Oh god they do. Yeah for sure. I just wish they wouldn't have did Joe game like they did it like when you was on the cover 'cause nigga can't make a shot for shit. I ain't get shot you over. Nah I'm raw now though. Get it twisted. I'm talking about you talking about his game on the game. Nah, nah nah he raw on 2K. Oh okay. They met him. He throwing shots. I wait I thought I'm talking about the game play like when you create a player and you go on the wreck and stuff like can't nobody make a shot but me. My nephew sells me, my best friends sell me like I gotta carry by my back is getting heavy.


People complain about the gameplay. I try to text JT and tell him, tell Ron he to get this fixed. He didn't respond But anyway that's for you. Ain't never texted I ain't text. Okay. Okay. You right my fault. They was nervous today ain't they was nervous today. He was nervous. He your platform to shave your 2K squads outta pocket. Yeah they we gotta get better bro. He was nervous. He was nervous. Michael nervous thought you wasn't gonna come. I said damn they just got here. I just ate. He ain't me back Because you like he what time? I'm like he ain't took me back yet. Snitch Snitch crazy. We doing er on put the ER on Funny Mike.


Tired of That's freaky Mike We ain't, we gonna tell you his backstory when Yeah TI ain't never, I always come through bro. Nah you do bro. You always been solid. That's one thing I wanted to say like when you, when it comes to fans and stuff like you D Rose and a couple teammates that I had, y'all always been great with fans. I was never good with fans. Like I ignore kid in a heartbeat. You was good bro. No I'm not saying like that. Like they be like TTI hear him and I just go back there. I get to you don't ignore anybody like and that's what make you you. Yeah like you a star reason got a shoot. That's why you can be sold on a two K cover 'cause you treat everybody with respect. I wasn't disrespect disrespecting, I just didn't feel like signing that day. That boy love clean it up honey.


But that's why pause. That's crazy but listen, nah he great at that though. And I used to see that when we was in Boston and like even like when you had little Mikey in here man to sign his jersey and see how excited he was about that. I'm like man he really got it. You know what I mean? You got that bro. When did you start that though? Like when did you like become like damn my mom low key famous. Was it high school? Was it when you walked on campus at Duke? Like when did you start embracing that moment? I mean it's a progression. Like when I was in high school I got to a certain point. That's when social media took off. I would come out the locker room, I would signing three, 400 autographs at the game In high school? Yeah. Oh they on eBay right now waiting to cash in.


See that support is crazy. You and sexy Red boy St. Louis getting behind. Y'all shout to IMOs. Emos. Oh Emos in my pocket. Yeah. No disrespect. Disrespect. I know you can't say China no more but the Chinese food out there. Shout to the fried rice Pimp was crazy. She was there.


We outta pocket. Yeah hold on. Hey, hey that was arguing about Nelly and somebody bro. He was really hot at me. I say was better than Nelly bro. He was really bad. Fuck bro. Tina the type of guy he would just say he'd come in the locker room and just say some wild shit just to like get a reaction outta you. Yeah, say yo. He used to say like, and I love James Hart, he used to be like James Hart don't do that, don't do that. Now here I told, I used say no, he know Kobe's my favorite player. He just say anybody's better than Kobe. See you can't do that. I done got in trouble about this. Don't do this. So he used to just trigger you. Who was, who you say was better than Nel? I can't remember. I just said somebody. Wow.


He was hot. He was like what? That's the first time I ever got him rattled. I'm like is that all Who you used to listen to though growing up bro? Was you warming up to He was not. So take sha crazy. Hey yo. Yo. Who the, oh man, he about try to go to Indiana. Go ahead. Got, go ahead. Michael Jackson got Michael Jackson. I got Michael Jackson. Who the best rapper from Indiana who shout out Freddy. Freddie Gibbs? Yeah, he from the GI guess Go chill. Nah, I ain't disrespect.


I'm just saying he not from our city, so Yeah, from he from Gary. Yeah, we, we speak called mha Gary the best rapper from Indiana. Oh, okay. All y'all got, y'all got sexy, Nelly, Mester, chin, Bruster. What's that nigga? Y'all all used to listen to Chin? What's the nigga this? Nah, I ain't ain't Yeah Jay. Yeah, he getting paid right now from that country dude using his song. Oh, yep. Za or something like that. Yeah. So y'all had, y'all had some shit bro. Y'all had some TI wear it for his cousin of Nelly. So yeah, that's that's a big staple. I was, nah, I think I thought Nelly was raw back in the day, but this it's people better than that got better music than Nelly.


So it's a handful about That's crazy. It's a handful of people. JT stop. We ain't gonna do that. I mean he did go, I said it was a handful of people. He did go Diamond jts favorite rapper is Jay-Z though. That's how, yeah, that's how me and him got cool. I'm like, dang you listen to JayZ bro. You like, yeah. The great thing about T, he came to the team and this was during the Covid season. So the season started late like November. Yeah, December. Our first game was on Christmas. Yeah. He didn't talk for the first like three weeks chilling. Like he ain't say nothing. Gotta test people out, bro. Dark times bro times. And then one day this nigga did not shut up like he ain't talked for like three weeks.


I was like, man, something wrong with it buddy. Like he different. Yeah. And then after that he, he just, from the day he got traded to the day he got traded, he talked every day. Wow. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the Next level, start your comeback Today at Purdue Global dot edu We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pos. Where designer handbags are the real deal And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay.


It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love. Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA torque split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York and the bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN.


Keep up. It's gone. Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial.


No hidden fees, no gimmicks. Just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real time data. Visit joint signals.com today Man. That's how they became. Cool. Don't do that. Do you remember that moment? I do. I remember 'cause I was like man they think I'm weird. Hell don't. No I really, I didn't think he was weird. I lie. I really, I'm really roasting y'all in my head. But I really being cool. You know what I mean? Did I just said it to? Yeah. I was like man, I said something to him and we started shooting together and I was beating him and shooting every time.


Yeah. Can we get on that story? 'cause Evan Turner said he whooped your ass one day and practice in some one V one. I mean that's probably the reason. Like I don't address a lot of things. People say a lot of things on the internet, on TV about me and it's cool. Everybody got a job. Yeah but I like y'all platform and podcast. Yeah. And I feel like I had to come up here and address some things I had et we in a group message. Right. And sometimes you just can't let people get away with lying. Who lying? You wouldn't get on the camera and just start lying facts. Call ET out there stressing the allegations. I know he wasn't talking about me. He said he used to do dog walking. This was ET first year coaching. Yeah. He still wanted to hoop. So facts.


T wasn't, I ain't gonna say he wasn't playing but like I was starting at first. No I was six men. Yeah he was coming off the bench. He was, he was coming off the bench. See see he came in as don't do that but TI don't do that. T like he got this demeanor like he don't, he just real nonchalant like everything. He just like, no that's facts bro. He be in practice shoes kind of like barely tied. But after practice he would want to play one-on one. He would want we, we would always shoot at the practice. Right. And me, him and ET would play one-on-one Damnit like every day. Yeah. And he would win some spots like if we played five spots.


Yeah, he's 16. I'm five. Nine. Yeah. I mean him up. He was That's crazy. Crazy. That's why he was score on et damn. I was score on YouTube bro. And some of those, that shit lying bro. Bro let you do, tell the truth. He's lying now bro. He used to lock him up sometimes. See that's what we, that's us. He trying, he was trying to get he to come back. Niggas people get real bro.


I was like, hey bro, get get days. ET was like, he was trying to come back and hoop man. I was like bro bro get Kobe man. You might have to suit up bro. Bro, we was playing, when King go to court that day at home. I tween crossed et I go to lay the ball up. No lie I shit grab me out the air. He's playing hard bro. Brad Stevens walking the baseline like for a split second. Et lost his mind like yeah he almost got fired. Yeah like he grabbed me out the air. Not like the foul me just like the, so I wouldn't get a layup. Yeah. And and Brad, Brad non-confrontational. All Brad just looked at him like the hell are you doing what doing That's when I knew it was time for me to stop playing. He said he trip on me at some shit.


He ain't got much room around here. He enjoy Nah he and he like the thing, I couldn't believe it like you know most of the star players, they'll get they shots up and they gonna go about they business. Yeah. He'll be looking for you like Uhuh we ain't playing today. I'm like and he different he ain't, we in the gym for another two hours bro. We would play one-on-one every day. And I'm like yo, he different. Like he wanna be in here for another two hours. I really don't even wanna be in here but I'm gonna play against him. That's because I like Tee wouldn't, he didn't really wanna be at practice. So I'm like bro on I'm a coach bro. Don't say that. Tell your truth dude. Then talk to the kids. Don't say that because that that motherfucker third good washer the gym, they motherfucker may not been submitted in practice all day.


Coach team I say he like to like a lot of people don't necessarily wanna go through the practice schedule but if they wanna compete, if you wanna go through workout or shooting drills or play one-on after practice, like everybody wanna compete so. Right. That's what that was our thing after practice we would always play one-on-one. Me, him and and ET after practice. Yep. Do you give them a little credit though in the ET for sharpening your skills? A little bit. Just a little bit. I'm trying to get him, when you show him a little love bro did the ET teach you a motherfucker drill nigga that you use in the get you a drill bro. The funny thing about ET he would tell like et me ET was assistant coaches at this point for sure.


ET was like what am I gonna teach Jason Tatum what I'm gonna teach him? He better than me. I'm like what? Good point. ET et We talked about that too though. ET was the wildest funniest coach I ever had though. And not even trying to be funny. We was playing in Milwaukee and I think at the, at half I had to be like three for 10. I missed like four or five threes. So I missed my last three. We walking off and he just, so it's like he got an innocence about it. He run up to me, he like yo, you know you can make some of 'em. Right. That's easy. That's easy.


Like I know what he trying to say but how he convey the messages. Right, right. It's so crazy because it's like how do I even respond to this in the moment You just, you know you laugh bro. Like yeah I'm trying to bro, I'm trying me. Oh that was a good time bro. Me et still sideline just talked the whole game. He like look at JT man. He want the ball man look, he pissed. I'll be on the left. I'm ball like a joint uncle. Ball the ball nephew. Get the ball man. Will you see him open? Get the ball Man that was a funny year. I give t credit though.


I wanted to D row with auto grab jersey and I ain't know that they was cool. I ain't know that they like knew each other from way back and t made sure I got a autograph. Detroit Piston D Rose Jersey. Yeah. I was like man, go up to him bro. I went up to him and he looking like he want Mark. I'm like yeah. I was like I need one too. Somebody god damn was like nervous that go up to and ass D Rose. I was like that's what made me like kind of get like drawn to you Paul. But it's like you was so cool. Like I'm like man he a star right? Like he a superstar but he'll be like, I remember you bro. Like and he'll show you love like he ain't gimme no love right now. It's cool. But he'd be like, nah you nah. He remember you when Atlanta, I'm like you niggas ass ass.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, right on bro. You know what I'm saying? And et et like that too. ET would give you a lot of love. And I was like dang. So when I seen him start working together et was like man that's he like a little bro bro. But he cold only person he would ever say something else to get under his skin would be Luca. Bro. Anytime we mention Luca, even though it probably, it definitely ain't no beef with them or nothing. It's just competitive spirit. But ET would be like, yeah Luca Cole. I'd be like ooh JT about to get 40 tonight. He about to go crazy. I was like say it again et t like before the game we about play somebody like talk about Luca et t would be like, that's funny. My favorite player is Luca. He'd be like jc. He'd be like, why?


I'll be like, she cold. You know what I mean? Like he's cold though. I knew he was gonna get at least a 32 point performance. We on the bench, we just wanna see somebody kill. Ah see some motherfuckers knew how to trigger him though. Yeah I do it now. Get him going. I I text him out. I couldn't say nothing the first game this year you went crazy. I ain't wanna get no love though. I was just like I no I ain't get nigga thumbs up. Yeah I was like who Path of progression. But he was killing bro. He was killing this year. Been good for so far for sure. Listen man, we definitely wanna talk about the ring Y had last year to get the ring but I want to ask, you know what I'm saying, planning gets the worst in 22 coming up a little bit short, but how was that experience, you know what I'm saying? Motivated you to be ready to get that chip last year.


I mean certain things that you go through in real time that you don't understand like how this is going to prepare you for the future. 'cause losing the 22 is like devastating. Like we was 11 C, we end up getting to the two C. We beat Katie and Kyrie, we beyond the Defend champs, we go to Miami and winning game seven, like that was one of the toughest runs I can remember in recent years. And then the fall up short, it was like man we just did all of that for nothing. It was devastating. And then the next year we kind of like, we like overlooked teams a little bit. We just wanted to get back to the finals. We ended up going six with Atlanta in the first round. Like we didn't handle business the way we should have and put ourself in a, in a, in a hole.


We was down oh three and you damn near gotta be perfect to win four games in a row. Right. Definitely. And you know I I sprained my ankle the first play of the game and you know the margin for error just that much shorter when you down oh three. Yeah so I think last year was the perfect balance of like obviously we got kp, we got Drew and I think our team was just in a perfect space of like everybody got paid, everybody had individual success and awards. The only thing we haven't done besides Drew was win a championship and I give a lot of credit to our coaching staff and Joe. Yeah. Just the way we prepared like in our mindset we knew how to play and we really, we just got better every single day.


We approached how we was gonna play the Bucks the same way we was gonna play the Wizards. Like we didn't look past nobody and we, we lost 18 games last year and we went 16 and three in the playoffs. Like I know we still playing and nobody wanna give us our credit but like the shit we did last year was special. Nah, that shit was special. Y'all gave no mother fucking credit. Nah. For I know on you different. Yeah that's that. Anybody else is just blatantly hating as a Patriot fan. Yeah. Please tell me that we was the hardest team. You know what I'm saying? Last shot in the postseason. That nigga do got outta a, a Celtics grade outfit over there And Don. Yeah. Nah this ain't lucky can never No, I mean I said it, I'm on record for saying it like Yes sir.


This the, the patience that was the hardest series that we had last year. Just like how fast they play. They were subbing three people at a time. TJ McConnell was unreal at home. Like yeah Nash, he was doing OB topping like the role players that they got, they just also selfless. They don't move, they they don't stop moving. Everybody play without the ball. Yeah. And they just like, they, the way they, they play they trying to, they they like bait you into playing how they play and like that works for them. And you know our thing is like we wanna get stops in defense and you look up the score might be 135 like that's the game that they want play.


Got you playing that up and down game and when they get you playing that way like they can beat anybody. Yeah. And you know we came back in overtime the first game game three was down 19 and game four shit we went down to the wire like we swept them but like every game we was dead tired. Nah, it was, they were all good games though for the most part. Like exciting games to be, I should say I give any a lot of credit like we was dog tired after every game after that. Listen we don't get nice things off. And so that compliments me a lot to me. 'cause I suppose this nigga still did be like he supposed talking like that the way we start off this season. I don't know if I could be happy this year or not man. So a thank for them kind words. That's all I do right now. Nah, when Drew first got traded from Milwaukee, what'd I tell you we was gonna win?


Nah, I told you go get Drew. Remember he got sent the court. Oh we got traded from Milwaukee. Yeah. I said go get Drew, y'all gonna win. He said I'm already on it. I said no you wasn't man said I'm on it and then I seen it happen. I said damn he was on it. He was a playing, he was a play. He really got pulled over the, it was in the time of contact. No tempering. Yeah man. I'm just saying though, him joining the team though, how was it bro? Did you think like when Drew got there, of course y'all got aspirations of winning but he was like nah this is gonna help us. Nah, I mean wow bro. Absolutely. I I Drew was on the team with me in 2021 when we was in the Olympics fresh off. He just won the championship with the bucks. Yeah. Came with us and, and we won the gold medal together and I just, I understood at that time that Drew was like a Swiss army.


Nike he could yeah guard the one through the five. He could be on ball, he could play off the ball. You put him in a dunker, he could set screens, he could score on any matchup and he not like, you know he, he a team player like he going when the big games he gonna do what he's supposed to do and not that he gonna fall back but he just know how to, how to play with you know, superstars and he liked the the ultimate teammate. So when we got Drew it was definitely like our confidence roles are like man we just felt that much better about yeah. What we was about to do. Yeah. As a patriot of the fanm hating 'cause y'all cheating. You're not supposed to have Derrick White Andrew and then switching to you and jb That's not fair man.


Life ain't fair man. Okay. Point got cold when he cut the hair. When he cut the hair he had to pay for that though. Yeah, I mean they, they salary cap and tax bill is probably nuts. They probably imagine. I know he selling a 10 for reason. I ain't trying too much dealing with this. We winning but boy this tax bill is crazy. It is worth it though bro. Yeah I mean championships is for sure worth it but y'all to a great story so far For sure. I mean I wanted to ask, you know what I'm saying, having the crazy summary, you know what I'm saying? Getting the ring in the gold medal, how you come back motivated. Obviously you are a professional, you come to Hoop but like having such accomplishments a short amount of time, what keeps you motivated locked in to come into this season?


I think for me one thing is like man I'm only 26. Yeah. I think a lot of people, not some fans or people in the media might view like oh he been in a championship, he been in conference final. Like they might think I'm older than what I am. Like boy you look 30, you gotta kick out early though. You gotta kicked out Earl. You gotta kind understand where it come from. And that's why I said I never understood that. Hey I'm like why is it his fault because he was successful early. Like you came in the league once Instagram like don't age him for it. How you get mad at him for it, he was still killing. Nah, I mean it's some truth to that. Like the expectation for me was just way higher. 'cause I went to the NCE finals at 20. Yeah. So for me being 26 like man I got a lot of basketball left a lot.


And that feeling of winning the championship and having that parade, it was like man I wanna do this shit again and again and again And you know my favorite players, like the guys I looked up to, they didn't just win one championship. Like interesting. I didn't come into the league of like or make one Allstar game. You know they had so many it'd be your own guys bro. That's what JT was on the real one. He didn't, he didn't say nothing about an Allstar game bro. He be your own guys. Nah man, you real zero bro.


You made the Allstar game. Like that's not a lot of people can say that. Nah, I'm just talking. You got one of them. You I was going, I'm back man. Oh man. Well I'm sorry please finish you saying me. Where'd you ask me again? Nah, I think just like the, the motivation came from like man, I, yeah, okay. I understand the space that I'm in and trying to maximize this window of like I want to be one of the best players to ever play and for sure I understand the window that I have right now and God willing I stay healthy that, you know, I I feel like I I put in the time and effort to take care of my body to you know, eat the right things and, and work on my game to be one of the best that you know, it's not just, I don't, I wanna be one of the best players to, to ever play.


And, and not to say that it's about rankings but I want to accomplish everything that's in front of me. That's hard. I I know we about to, you know, get outta here. I want to ask you like he speak high on Al Horford dust his god for real? Yeah. In fact how you feel about him Man, see watch him win the championship with you bro. I know that was big. No al that's like easily one of my favorite if not my favorite teammate I ever had. Yeah. From a professional standpoint. Like when I got drafted in 19, seeing how Al approached every practice day, every game day, every off day is a testament to like his career. It's year 18 and like it was year 17 last year and we relied heavily on Al to help us win a championship.


Yeah. Like it's not a lot of people in year 17 that's starting on the team that's going to the finals and that game three against Indiana. He had like eight three. Yeah he was Kyle Corver. Yeah, I, yeah I remember. And it's like we needed him to win that game. Yeah. So Al took me under his wing, you know, since my first day and you know, somebody that's like always been there for me. Somebody that I've learned a lot from, from the standpoint of like having a routine. I got my routine from watching Al have a, a routine that's that's why he's been in the league for so long and, and been so successful. So Al is one of the best people you will ever meet. One of the best players that's hall of Fame career And to help him get over that top get over the the top and and win a championship was like that was special.


Nah. Okay. Nah. I was so happy for Al bro. 'cause al one of the coolest dudes ever bro. He just do his job, he'll help you with anything, give you any advice. He want the best for everybody. So I knew when y'all got him back when Brad went back and got him, I was like man y'all gonna have a special run and he ain't stopping no time soon. Oh yeah, it's still going. Nah, keep getting that check my boy. Keep moving. Facts, facts show before we get outta here. Obviously we know you play to win championships but you have any personal goals you can share with us this season? Man man I wanna win another championship bro. Okay. Obviously like you won win MVP you want to first team all NBA again in in in those things and winning MVP or wanting to have that as a goal, that's not a negative thing.


Nah, not at all. That's what I'm just saying. Yeah we, if you, you aspiring to do that, you playing at a high level, you playing efficient, you dominating your team is one of the best and even if you don't win right, it's only one person that can win but it, it is five people every year that's playing at an MVP level for sure. So just trying to you know, continue to dominate, being more efficient and understanding that this window we have like trying to get better every day and you know, winning a championship and getting our ring the other night was one of the coolest moments and it was like man I wanna do that shit again and again and again. Yeah. Fuck for sure man listen man we know you gotta get out here man. We appreciate you sliding on this man me's lock no talk shit. He is on Netflix starting five baby.


I caught my wife watching starting five and she was like dang Jason's a real serious dude. I said don't believe that. Oh that's that that's not, he's funny like he jokes she was like nah he's just so like mature. I didn't know he was only 26. I'm like, he think he calling me immature, he calling me. Nah he's probably wwe. Nah I ain't saying he fake but I'm just saying like you always, that's why people think you older, you carry yourself super like mature and put together like no shot the ae but your clips against AE clips is totally different. Like ae like I'm going crazy and then you come to yours it's like well seasoned like yeah come here son.


But nah, he always carried himself like super mature. I'm like nah that dope bro. Dope. Nah, that it is dope to watch y'all show. Yeah. Being on there for sure that announced new season but definitely check out the star five you have. How was that process of filming that man? Like, you know what I'm saying? Obviously you always been a constant professional but to let people in like your personal life, that type of, you know, the camera's always rolling. How was that experience? It got better or you got used to it as the season went on. Okay. Right. I they did a good job of like blending in with all the other cameras. That's always following you having people at your house and in your personal space and you know, with family time it's different and Right. I'm on camera.


I'm more of a reserved guy like t said like yeah, yeah I, that's I am that person that they saw on Netflix but you know, I'm more open off the camera and things like that. But it, it was cool and it was cool to be a part of the first season that they documented like man they saw when I got covered 2K they saw when I won the championship sir. So to be able to look back years from now have those moments and my mom was on there, my son some of my best friends and just being on the first season like that, that was dope And you know, I was glad I I was a part of and I think the far part about it is you got to see all of the media excerpts. A lot of people like speak it down like you said the high expectations, how they spoke about you all year and for you to win, especially the way they documented is super fire.


'cause it made a lot of people just deal with the results of it. And I mean that's like, they never gonna stop talking about you. No fuck that's real. What without realized in that moment when we won it is like I thought I was gonna go on a rant and like go back at everybody that ever had something to say about me and it's like, are you about to crash out? You think you are like, you like man when we win, like I'm, I got receipts and it's like man, that's not what this is about. Nah, when I won I'm holding up the trophy. My mom, my grandma crying, my son, I got my homies, I got 18,000 people in the stands. It's like yeah, yeah it is about the people that supported you and and been rocking with you through the ups and downs. It's like regardless if we win or not, like they still probably talk about me on first take tomorrow, so Exactly.


That's never gonna go away. So I don't ever trip off. Nah, you know what fast u MVP this year though bro. I'm gonna give it to you. It only been four days but you see how, you see how you like Yeah, I all that came to his mind when he grabbed the trophy. Yeah, I'm crashing out. I the trophy say something now. Well I that's me. That's why he he, that's why he is. What you gonna say Steven? Hey we coming for you. I'm crashing out bro. Hey, shout for him on the FaceTime when you got the chip he locked in. That was, yeah, that was hard bro. I was hype for but he did the same thing we went to Nah, I called, I called him man group project, you know when he see, see I my fault.


See that's what I'm saying, my fault like Netflix though. Y'all ain't get to see like that's he do this all day bro. He joke all day. That's why I get the joking from I I started joking on them. I ain't joking with no other team or I'm lying. I joke on every team but what's up man? We gotta get out here jc we appreciate you man. Telling people they can drop the new the shoes man. The new colorway dropping. We got a new colorway drop in. What's this? October, I think the second week of November. Okay, so make sure that's the one that my team get. Okay. Pike we here. So yeah we guys maybe we not before we got here. Be here. Tell people that grab some birch. We finally got the shit Shop Club five 20 do com.


We locked in. We saw The Volume As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC. Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life.


Short talk Fast stream Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle, it's now streaming on Hulu. 70,000 people are here and Bob Dylan is the reason for it. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and Critic's choice nominee. For best picture. If Anyone who's gonna Hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a freak.


Are you a freak? Hope So. Timothy Shami Astonishes as Bob Dylan and critics Rave Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. Turn it down, Play loud. Don't miss the movie. Critics are hailing. Pure cinematic magic. Make some noise BD A complete unknown now playing Only Peters Rudy Dinar under 17 nine. Middle without Parrot. Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys? Wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's, AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage all for up to 80% less than those other guys.


Try them out for free@wasabi.com. Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's golf.