
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's The number one minutes per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like dove ice cream bars, chips to hoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


The volume. Good morning. Happy Tuesday. It was on a stick. It just took the, it took the whole, the side of that boy. He, he took old cake pop to the chin fool. Alright, say this bro. If you have to tap into the Paton, the behind the scenes footage is filthy from New York. Please tap in. But You know what It is Vital 20 in The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We miss y'all. So we got a full house this morning. We got Bishop, we got Lou, we got Moog. We got Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? I'm setting brother family. It's been a while, man. We been on road man.


We gonna still hold y'all down, man. Breaking news. Late. Late. Well early this morning. Seans broke the news, man. Drew holiday, a blazer for the second time. Oh got traded for air for assignments and two second round picks. The move says Boston, almost $40 million in that luxury tax payment we just had. You know what I'm saying? Mr. Gruman on the pod talking about some moves that potentially might do, but we did not see this one coming fellow say, I feel about this move. Great Trade to me. Okay. Mm. Upgrade for the Celtics. Ooh, upgrade. Okay. Yeah, I knew it was gonna happen. You know, I got an inside scoop with some things. I told you this was the move that the magic should have made to get like, I'm not gonna say he's good as Desmond Bain, but he not too far off.


He not, Nah. Is a bucket. Unfortunately he's been sitting in the Portland where they haven't been doing too much. But you spoke really hard to trailblazers. That team was a really, really good offensive team. Especially after Christmas break. So to add Drew Holiday to that, hey man, they looking promising man. I don't think Drew Holiday will be there. Yeah, I don't like that. I think they'll probably move on from Drew for the second time As they should. Bro. I Don't like, I mean I like go somewhere and rock. I like Drew Holiday as a player. Obviously I, he's a, he's a cool dude friend, but I don't think he going to want to be in Portland. I mean Drew different, he probably don't care. Drew was ready to retire some years ago, but when they keep giving you money he's like, I gotta keep playing. But I can't, I can't imagine he's gonna stay with this group.


I can't see it. Okay. Now, I mean obviously infra times expiring situation makes sense. While the Blazers moved off for him, you get Drew, you could probably get up the assets, but if you do keep him on that team, you think he's something you can want to mentor or scoot for for a couple years? Ah, for sure. Okay. I mean Scoot Henderson, this just should be a player that he want to play like. Like same, similar body type. Both really strong guards. Probably both can be really good defensively. Obviously we know Drew can do defensively, but school can probably be a really good defender with his size and his speed and his quickness. I don't know. I don't know. I like Anthony Simons 'cause he's so young. Yeah, so I think obviously we know that Boston won his trade. They got under the tax, they saving $40 million but they also got a 26-year-old score.


Yeah. And not to say Drew couldn't score no more, but Drew 35 years old. Yeah, he was on his way out. So Boston did it again Man. With Jason down too. That's a fire pickup. Yeah, That's 20 a night for sure. Yeah. You are gonna say Brad, the heights of the century again. Brad Stevens stay finessing. Boy, the things he's done as a general medal so far has been magnificent. But like you said, JT being out next year, every Simons moves to that starting spot to two next to jb. I mean I don't think he can score as much as jt but he definitely gonna score for sure. Yeah. I think they could move on from Jaylen Brown too though. Mm. Not to say that like Jaylen Brown's not like a phenomenal player. I'm just saying y'all not probably gonna win a championship no time soon.


No more like it is. It's it is over with. Yeah. What your injuries, the timeline. Yeah, the injuries messed up y'all timeline. So to get under the, You know the apron, they might as well move on from that contract. Most definitely. I don't Or Or Derrick White. Mm One of them move on there while you think so possibly they make, they make money. Yeah. I'm just saying from a money aspect. Like we all know that we want Boston to be a good team. Boston's better or Portus move on from Portus. Yeah, he's injury prone anyway. He's missed a lot of games but that's why I don't think they'll be able to move on. Who gonna take, yeah. I don't think they'll be able to move on to Portus because unless they group him with somebody. Yeah, because he's too injury prone. He missed a lot of games but they not gonna do nothing next year.


Like it's over with. They gonna be a playoffs too. They'll be a top five elite still the east. But when you paying that much money, yeah you wanna win. Yeah. Like you gotta make up with it in playoffs and championships and like they'll be a good team. They'd be top six in the east. Yeah, I know beforehand when KD was still a son they were saying potentially Zenga and Drill trying to link those contracts together to move on. Obviously I think they still wanna move on from Pingus. I don't know how that works if somebody wants to take on that contract. We've seen Jayla Brown a lot of different places. We know Houston was one of the teams they said potentially would go there. Obviously they're not gonna do that now with kd. No. They said they still want to try to get 'em though. I was gonna say maybe they still could make that shake. They still got the assets. They still got some picks that could finesse with as well.


But yeah I think like you said Boston, they gonna make something shake man that money's too high and they ain't championship so might as well. Y'all think without jt that's still a top three team in the east? Or I mean consider everybody being injured. They got a possibility to Yeah, it could be. 'cause the Pacers, the Pacers are cooked. Yeah, we're down next year. Milwaukee might be down again. I don't know bro. Depending on what, what Philly doing. We don't know what we're gonna get from Philly. We're sure the Knicks are still going. Probably be a top seat team. Yeah. Be knick. Yeah. Maybe. We don't know. I seen click, You know, top seat top four bro. Okay, well well maybe they, maybe they stay with this squad and try to see if something happens.


Yeah, this is very interesting. But shout out to Chauncey. Bill, you did a great job. Got the extension. Yeah. What does Floyd need going forward? Boy? I mean new team probably. Yeah, you said a whole new team. They got some young problems players man they got some nice wings as well. They just need a, A star bro. Okay. They need a star. Some some beds too over there. Yeah, they gotta hit, they gotta hit big in the draft but they got a one of those guys, is it school or sharp? One of them have to have like a breakout season. Okay. And I think it's more likely to be sharp just because it's potential to score. Like Yeah I, I think school's a good player but I don't think he shoots the ball well enough. Like him averaging 18 last year, he has to make that leap to like 24.


Hmm. And he got the ability. Yeah. Every time we see him play we like damn he can play. Yeah he nice. I think them moving on from Simons open up for him being a starter and I, I think he gotta make that leap to like 24. Most definitely. You look at, you still talking about Jeremy Grant man free that man. He need to go somewhere and play for basketball as well. Well I mean think, I think if they think they can be a good team adding Drew, I mean Drew Holladay and Jeremy Grant. Yeah they actually is. They a nice team bro. They just need that one little piece that'll get 'em over the hump bro. And they gotta be sharp. He gotta take that leap and then You know what's my gotta make all defensive team and scroll down please. One of Tamani Kamar. Yeah. Yeah I like him.


He can play. I like him. Avi? Yeah Denny Avia he been hooping. He been hooping too so they got some talent on the roster for sure. They got some capable players but I think Sharp just has to take that next leap. I don't think Avi, I think Avi can be a good player but I just don't see him being the guy. He good guy but He He a good piece on your team for sure. Mo of he could hoop. We got Robert Williams and you still got Deandre Aen as your big so obviously some point he heard a lot too. Yeah. Rob Tom Lord. Yeah that's my guy. Deandre Aen. I think he could turn around when I say turn around but be more consistent. He be playing good. He had a good year. He just was got hurt. 15 to 10 ain't bad and they still got got rolling. The big guy from, I'm definitely rolling. The big guy from Yukon.


Yeah. Cleman off the bench. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't know how good he could be. Alright. Seven to seven off the bench. I ain't mad at that at all. Ain't bad. Yeah, get that's about 10. They need a couple pieces bro. Nah they do. They they gonna be sad bro. I know I, I'll let y'all know. Y'all NBA shit that's tight. They weren't really that bad at the second half of the season. They was one of the better teams Lil West bro. They, they'd be lucky to be a C bro. I mean that make hell of a come over. Yeah for that group. That's a big time coming for, I think Drew will help 'em get there. Drew will help him Get back the second half of the season. They were one of the better teams. Yeah I say yeah they Was like yeah where where they at last year We went gas.


Their bus table was last place at the bottom. They won 36 games. They was tied with the sons and the sons had a full cross. Yeah Drew, drew gave you some wins. Nah, but you got, I think they start off the year they was Poh, they got better at the end. There's a lot of teams you gotta defeat. Nah, the Mav to be a lot better. Most definitely they'll be better. They still a piece or two. They'll be better in the Kings. They legit two people away y'all. You get Lil what are the kings doing? What direction do they have? I understand Memphis, bottom of the league. Sun Sun's gonna be better than the Blazers next year. No suns is gonna be trash bro. Oh I have no faith in the suns. I don't see it. Y'all Hear here first. I respect it. That's your hot take. Yeah. She got one series right?


How many, how many of your teams was in the final Four? Damn. Oh okay. How many of your teams Question respect? I played for the timber Wolves. Respect I played for the timber Wolves Play For K. They just sent me, they just sent me some gear and told me he was one of our, one of our favorites. Respect the timber Wolves legend. They did too. It's funny as hell. Me and Pete was looking at it laughing. No He came Mike, he came. Why he type four? So what? No words. No I can't talk about it. Oh you're well. So alright. FT six nine and the super said no question or anything. Big love falls from Australia. For sure. Appreciate y'all. Appreciate you gang. You watching this shit from Australia, my boy in a different time zone show look boy, go to bed.


Supposed to be sleeping. We appreciate You 31 King Americans. Whenever Rick 10 the super chat said minor NBA versus NBA back then are players more likely to get hurt just 'cause of the pace of the game? Is that should the league shorten the season? That's good question. People been getting hurt for forever bro. Yeah it's part of basketball. I was at Thomas to his Achilles and 92 you play sport at some point you probably gonna get hurt bro. That's just how this shit works. Yeah I've been seeing some of the conversations with people like well they, they just play basketball or they play basketball so much they should do other sports. Hey man injuries are things that sometimes you can't prepare for bro. Sometimes it just happens. Unfortunately bro you're doing a lot. I hate when people say that You're more likely to get injured if you do the same thing over and over and over and over.


Yeah. Like eventually your knee probably gonna give out if you do a pound dribble jumping off of it. Yeah, yeah. It's gonna hurt eventually bro. Yeah and that's why athletes get so much respect because your body realistically isn't meant to do this stuff. That's why you have to train to put yourself in this position bro. Yeah The whole just play basketball. It's crazy like bro. Yeah you don't play basketball the same way they do bro. I hate when people say that. Yeah, this is not your LA fitness stuff bro. That's crazy. All right, can we scroll one more time? Speaking of the mask man, Daniel Gaffer got paid man three years $60 million extension and he does not have a clause there so he can be free at any given time period. Y'all think the mask gonna hold onto him or is that a good bargaining piece to move the trade? I like It.


Nah, I think they solidified the NBA is making is in a transition right now. Okay. We remember we played small ball, we did all that small ball shit they took that out the game now like Draymond Green ese seven footers did he was the last one. Yeah, nobody else can do that. And now they putting Bigs back in the game obviously the bigs are way more skilled than previous years but yeah you gonna have to have some bigs to be able to guard Yoic like Caruso did a good job. Yoic gonna have a game plan for that next year. Yeah Like they gonna have a four man that you cannot switch on to. Like they ain't gonna have NPJ or somebody out there.


They gonna have a big out there now. Yeah, nah, you right that play alongside Yoic somebody that can also post up. They going back to a different style of basketball now and it's kind of cool to see and you can tell by the Mavs like we gonna play Anthony Davis at the four and live 25. Yeah come on. Cool. So switch on to this. Yeah and that was my question 'cause You know they obviously still have lively. You anticipate getting Cooper flag in there as well. So if that's the case, your starting tool and your binge four or five is insane. Yeah. Yeah they they like we gonna be the biggest team in the league. The Celtics shooting 60 threes ain't gonna lie bro.


Size always win bro. Like we taller. That's crazy y'all we taller than y'all. We could post y'all up and bully y'all on the glass. We probably gonna win bro. Yeah, yeah they on that. Yeah. Even if you looking from the patriot standpoint, we played small, we had the advantage 'cause our guards was bigger than they guards so in the sense we are still bigger than them but we played small Mavs got to the follow up that bullet ball and Luca and Kyrie but still man the bigs are prevalent again man. For sure. Alright man Little Drew 77 the super chest said should the Pacers try to get CP three Westbrook Schroer or get a young pg like maybe a Rob Dillingham or just going to the next season with the same team. I have no clue. They definitely need to get a point guard. I'm sure they will address that. I like Russ, I don't know if Russ fits this team 'cause we already got a guard that can't shoot and push the ball.


Schroer would be great for us but he's gonna probably say in Detroit that was a good fit for him. I'm, I'm not mad at getting a young PG and see what's going on. I'm sure the timber Wolves ain't letting go of Rob Dylan him. Yeah. Nah I'm sure they not letting that go. He was in some of them trade talk I was about say or they gonna use him shit. He was in some of them trade talks and in transition we about to talk about KD but did you see what the Wolves offered for kd? What man, Rudy, Rudy Ham. There was a pick as well. And who was the other player that Brandon, that trade? Yeah they said no to that. Yeah shit but Brandon wasn't in that trade. It was Gobert. I forgot who else was in there. Dill, ham t Shannon and picks and they said nah because I obviously Katie didn't wanna be there. He had to sign an extension but damn I hey I have made that trade bro.


I mean you couldn't if You know he ain't gonna be there man He would've stayed with an nah. You messing up your but you messing up your business. That's a bad business decision if You know somebody don't wanna be there bro. And you trade away all of that, you you green bro. Yeah. Not my young picks but if you would've got rid to go bearing some other stuff. I mean just count the salary and then go get what you want. Yeah but speaking of the move man KD in Houston, how y'all feel about it? I like it. Lot of, a lot of people feel like they didn't give up as much as they could have. Obviously there's been some behind the door conversations with Katie and Houston. He wasn't get there. That's why they win. Depending on how they use Cam Whitmore. I I could like it. He can kind of do what Jalen Green did if they let him. 'cause they gonna need somebody else that can, Katie gonna score but they gonna need another punch bro.


Okay. If they let Cam Whitmore hoop, I like it. And then Reed, she, if he get to take off a little bit this year they young pieces get to explode. I'm gonna like it but I don't know. Yeah I've been seeing a lot of people saying they need a two guard and obviously they said they, they don't feel like they're done with what's going on in the market as well. They can still be aggressive with some of the young talents they have. They won't, they won't be that good unless they get another score. I like that like Thompson twin we are banking on him being I feel like he gonna be the same kind of score he was last year. Yeah I'm saying if we banking on him finding his jump shot. Yeah if that's the case we gonna be in trouble. But if he do find his jump shot he's a all star. Yeah but I'm not gonna bank on that right now. They gonna miss that toughness aspect.


Obviously the twin can guard but Dylan Brooks just brought, I don't know what he brought but he brought it bring chaos bro. He up. Yeah They gonna miss that the most. Take a lot of pressure off you too to play free basketball. Play free defense. 'cause Dylan Brooks is a hell of a defender. Big shot maker as well. Yeah they're definitely gonna miss him on that team. I thought that him leaving in that trade was prob, I ain't gonna say more important than keeping Tar Easton or Jabbar 'cause I know they like Jabbar Smith a lot but Dylan Brooks is a big difference making on that team. 'cause you could've had him next to KD but you can still go get a two guard to help him score. Like you said. They definitely need more score on the team and less. What's up with Jordan Clarkson? He get paid too much money. He he too. That's that's too much. Yeah they still, he don't fit that vibe.


They already got Ken Whitmore. Ken Whitmore can do what he can do. Yeah like he that kind of person. He gotta have a good year. I just feel like they, they the same team kind of maybe a little better 'cause it's KD but not about, not about much. I think Jabari Smith, if they, if Jabari Smith can be the player that everybody think he can be, he take a leap then he can eliminate them having a two guard. 'cause if I don't think he that good bro mean he good bro. But don't start mo. I don't, I don't bro. I mean he good don't get me wrong but I just don't think he about to. My boy got hurt and came back and got to it. He did, he did get hurt but he could shoot. He's solid bro. He's a, he he's a match. A matchup nightmare now as you got Kevin Durant as your three and him as the four obviously Kevin Durant gonna get the better defender.


True. He might be able to shit free up and get to it and being around kd his game might expand a little bit. You know working with him every day seeing him similar size got not the same movements but capable movements. Maybe his game takes out it would be good job. So basically they betting on the young guys right now. I would, I mean you bet on em last year no two choice. Like they got like re she, he, he he should play a lot this year. He should play a lot better. Yeah. Yeah you'll get, you'll see a lot of re sheer backup minutes this year. Fred Van Fleet, they declined the team option. I think they're working towards a long-term deal to keep him there on the team so they got a point guard. Second gun is a Allstar at the five as well. You look at some of the other players you got Tar Easton off the bench who get a bucket. Nice. Yeah Ken Whitmore off the bench who could probably get you some buckets.


They are gonna have to, they gonna have a young bench for sure. They gotta play Cam Whitmore this year. They have to bro. They have to. What else they gonna do? They have to. Nah I mean shit I thought they should played last year and they they didn't so they gonna be cool. I mean obviously in as a hell of a coach so I think he got the talent to figure it out. I do think they need to get another two guard like you said some more scoring for that team would definitely take them to the next level. But early predictions. Where would you project the rocks will be? Would that be a top 14 with this KD trade? Yeah they gonna be top four. I wouldn't even say another score. Lemme say a shooter. Okay. Yeah because San Goon gonna get 20. Yeah KD gonna get 25. They good y'all they gonna be good. They need another say if Cam Woodmore can get me 15 off the bench six man top gimme 15 bro. But they need another shooter.


Yeah like KD can shoot obviously Fred Van Flee can shoot. Yeah. Yeah they need a knockdown. Jabari can, he's a capable three point shooter. They think Reed will be a knockdown. Yeah could be that. But if, if you put the ball in, this is sound crazy if you put the ball in the Thompson twin hand and let him kind of run point. Yeah because that's what he do. He kind of is a then they team a little different. I can see that actually on some Draymond shit. Him getting downhill being Yeah and then kicking out to, because Jabbar can shoot, KD can shoot, Fred can shoot then they a little different and then you ain't gotta worry about him having to shoot. Yeah. Yeah. Either you getting downhill or you making the pass, You know opportunity to shoot like that if he like y'all remember how Rondo used to play?


Yeah. I mean obviously we know how Rondo play but if he come down initiate the offense, he try to attack, he don't got none and he kick it and go to the dunker, it might be a different different team. Most definitely now for the sons in the situation. What they got going on man? They said possibly, You know what I'm saying? If they don't move, Jalon Green gonna go into the season with him and Devin Booker as a starting back court. That's nice. They have three of the same players bro. Well my boy Bradley Bill is leaving y they All is the same player bro. They said if Bradley Bill's and Trader he would most likely will be waived. So we're not expecting him to be. I told Y'all, which I'm happy for him too. Me bro. You need to get away from Phoenix bro. But the cards are yours bro. If you don't wanna leave you don't deserve to bro.


Y'all I love it. Y'all funny. Hey listen man, it's only a handful of people in the NBA who get to dictate where they want to go. Hey, run it up King. I hope Bradley Bill go to Detroit. Mm Me too. I like, I like that. I really hope he go to Detroit. I hope, I hope Bradley Bill stays in Phoenix. No, I don't wanna leave. That's not happening. I told y'all it's a wrap for that. I hope he get waved and go to Detroit. Drew McCade is fire and the other Thompson bull Because he still got, he got some good basketball left bro. Yeah I hope he go to Detroit. He going, he'll he turn the table back around bro. After this is pure hypothetical. What if he, You know what I'm saying, gets waved from Phoenix and then goes to the Rockets at the two? Nah, nah. KD is set the season there. Yeah.


Like Hey what y'all doing bro? Yeah, nah KD ain't rocking with that one. And I laughed 'cause De Marcus cousin said, You know what I'm saying? He talked to some people in the locker room, said they had a lot of issues, fistfights and stuff going on. Then Katie came out and said man I ain't none of that stuff happened. I really wonder like what the beef was in the locker room. Paul was like who really didn't like each other? Because I don't think it was the star players that was obviously doing that. But it had to be something going on Bro. It was though. I think it was the Star players. It was. Yeah. Do y'all forget who came on the show and told us about how pissy the locker room was? No. True. Okay then. So yeah it was way before this season bro. I don't, I don't speak on get well suit to the sons man. But I don't know what they're gonna do. Devon Booker man they ain't say they was, he ain't say they was fighting. You know he just nah, he like disagreements but yeah, Didn't get along.


That's different than scoring up. Now you dude throwing hands bro. That's a lot going on. Do we feel bad for De Book or he just get to be a son for life man. Nah, be a son for Life de book. You know who I feel bad for though? And I said it last year and that's like my little, that's my little homie bro. Tus Jones? Yeah because he had a, I I'm not, I don't know if it's confirmed but I remember Washington offered him a deal. It was like 10 a year maybe I think when he was in the Wizards and he was like nah I don't wanna play that kind of basketball. I'm gonna bet on myself. Yeah boy that's the worst bet you ever took because God damn Ball boy wants it straight to functional man. Imagine leaving the Wizards and going somewhere worse.


Worse. Like how you Go to, How you go to the Wizards and get worse bro. Like speaking of the wizard, you can get less money bro. Yeah. Stay when you celebrate and not where you tolerate. I don't know how many times I gotta tell y'all this, this applies to every situation in your life. My my So because he was in Washington as a story and point guard, I'm sure they offered him something. Yeah. More than a minimum when the doubtless to be him. But speaking of the Wizards, shout to Chris Milton opted in, get that bread, You know the vibes also they're looking to move on from Marcus Smart as well. So yeah, they got some pieces made that could possibly hustle. Forgot all about Marcus Smart. It's the Gula bro. Like 40 million. Alright. He got 33. 33? Yeah 33.


Oh yeah. He ain't no leaving. We gonna rock out I think. I think Smarty rock out. Smarty need to go back to the Celtics. Mm. His contract is too big. But he, he only played good with the soldiers. Yeah, I mean that's, that's the only place he been. Yeah, I mean he was in good with Memphis. Memphis would get good chance in Memphis though. Memphis was kind of wild. Yeah he was hurt. But You know how some people like they powers leave. Like when I, when I left Indiana, the powers was gone like Lance Pacers. Yeah Lance with the, it just ain't the same vibe 'cause everybody know you there. Yeah. Like they know what you expect. Like how you gonna play?


He gotta come back to the S. Yeah. Most times when people leave the Pacers they get better but in y'all cases, You know what I'm saying? I don't hoop my first year. Hold on Minnesota like Smart get what about 20, 15, 20 years? Yeah. He gotta wait till that run out and then he need to go back to the Celtics. No, most definitely. I like whenever that deal is up. I don't know when it's up but once his deal is up, yeah if he want to keep hooping he can only can play for the Celtics. For real. It's crazy. You can only play for one team. Oh yeah it's last year. Yeah it is. It is Celtics after that. Oh yeah, that's smooth For sure.


Hotels of Vegas might be booked solid this weekend but it's one vacancy left. That's right. It's gonna be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab Your old crown in DraftKings Sports book. The official betting partner of the UFC. You know what's going on man. Ria takes on Charles Oliver to fill the vacant men's lightweight title as a headliner of the international fight Week. First time betting on DraftKings on the UFC fight. All you gotta do is pick one of the fighters. It's easy, it's an easy win. If you knew to DraftKings, all you gotta do is bet $5 new customers. If you bet that five you get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Listen, download the DraftKings sports book app now and use that code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 gets you $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kraft, Mac and cheese, Celsius energy drinks, Quaker chewy bars and sparkling ice flavored water. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply visit safeway.com for more details.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020 bid get 15 15, 15 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month required. New customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees. Extra siemen mobile do com.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank. NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation


Get In the zone. AutoZone. Jane has 150,000 miles on her truck and she's proud of that. Jane's Secret AutoZone where friendly auto owners help her find the right parts. Jane's brother Josh only cares that his car starts and goes but when it doesn't, he also goes to AutoZone. Where friendly auto owners help with free services. No hassles. Just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply


Our men back in the super chat with it. Mike d said KD gonna be working with Jabbar and amen. They're gonna be a problem. I could definitely see that man. For sure. Good person. Learn behind Nucleus Luciano And the super chess is off topic. Betraying for our pick in 2026 back during the finals. Looking like a good move. They put insurance on Halliburton. Yeah that was a good move regardless of what happened in the finals, man we got our pick back after we traded for passing out. What's the pick? We traded with the pelicans. A 2025 pick for a 2026 pick in the player. So we got a pick back. We traded from Pascal so we back in the first round for a consecutive year. So we could definitely do something as well. What pick y'all got in the first round? It's gonna be super low but that next one boy that 2026 pick might be the one. 'cause we might be cheeks next year. So that was a good, that was a good haul.


It don't matter about this year. I'm trying to think who we, two, three? Yeah 23 is a pick. I got a 23rd pick. I'm trying to think. Is there any like sleeper? Sleeper pick? Y'all might be able to get the boy from Florida. Oh this year? Yeah. No we traded our 2025 pick. We had the 23rd pick this year. We traded for next year. Yeah That's Next year. That move was great because now Oh y'all gonna be cheeks. Yeah so now we're gonna probably have a lottery pick. Oh yeah y'all probably gonna end up getting Taha Pettiford pull up. Pull up. I ain't bad at it. I don't We got a lot of basketball to play before then. No, we shall see I ain't gonna win nothing so I gonna be a top 10 kick. Hey Patriot's gonna be okay. Hey And Kevin Prichard. I trust bro.


Every time it's getting shaky my Voice made the more paces are going to be okay y'all, they out east, they going to be in the at least a playoff or whatever though. Little battle to get there. Yeah, unfortunately we don't ever really get to many season where we're just completely trash. So we'll be middle of pack with bars but You know. You know that's what it feel like. You remember when PG got hurt? That's exactly what it feel like. I don't think so. Different Team. Nah that was the same team. Ah bro. He Was the Parker score for a Year. The best player didn't get hurt. Pa still got Pascal. They still had David West, they still had George Hill. They still had they boys set out The Pascal better than 'em. I was about to say they wasn't the best player though. Yeah, Pascal Better saying than Halliburton.


Yeah, Pascal was better. They a prime example of that game when Halliburton went out. Halliburton is what makes Pascal good. I'm not saying Pascal not fired but for that team, Halliburton was make Pascal good. Pascal's gonna be Pascal. But for everybody else to play good we need Tyrese. So without Tyrese everybody's Gonna For sure he's the intro. Yeah. If y'all don't think him getting hurt, it is gonna put them at the bottom of the east. Y'all crazy. They might not put at the bottom but They, It's not be, we're not A really good, we're not really a good team without Tyrese. It's been That's fine. I Mean everybody, when Tyre Got Hurt, we knew the game. When Tyres was bad at the beginning of the year, the Pacers were ass horrible. Granted there were other injuries as well, but when he was not good we were terrible. When he got back playing again, that solved everything.


Facts. He Is the engine bro. He make everybody, I respect it, I respect it. Make everybody better. Give him a trophy or a statue regardless. But I just Think you now Nihar get a chance to be the player that he was as rookie. Really good. Because if y'all bring in another decent card that can hoop like how the Celtics just did with Anthony Simon, y'all gonna be cool bro. Ain't got that kind of money though. I was gonna say Rin and Wallace off should have the Greens of greens next year to see what we got. I don't know what direction we're gonna go towards. I don't know what we're gonna do in the off season. They year quote unquote we're gonna be aggressive. I know that Rick was on the radio this morning. Shout out to my guy James saying that Mo Turner's signing is a priority. I don't know what the numbers are. So if that's what direction we in, bro I know what time it is.


Oh The number dropped Shout to Miles. He gonna get paid Black man love to see it but I don't know if he's gonna be a hundred mil It dropped. Y'all don't think Miles Turner about to get a hundred million. Are y'all crazy? He gonna be at three years 90 money dropped bro. That make about that make about sense after seeing Daniel Gaffer just got three years 60. Daniel Gaffer got three, three years 60. He gonna get three years 90. Respect man. Shout out to Miles Hunter man. For sure. Alright. In the super check a M 0 7 5 says is The number zero cooked. Gil Dame Holly Tatum T with no cartilage. Damn. That's Crazy. I wouldn't expect a Jeff Jab in there like that. Damn, why you put that number? Why The number Was toast? That is messed up but it ain't even a number. 'cause if you look at the patience roster, we bought two bigs at the beginning of the season to Killes and Gen Tyre bro it just sucks.


Damn Jeff Straight is crazy. Zero is kind of tapped out on, He didn't say nobody else you but this nigga He no carpet That's out of pocket man. Cutthroat eight up three in a super chat said do y'all think the sexist will move JD Davidson with JT out? He should get a chance to play bro. He can hoop. He can. He can hoop bro. Give him a chance bro. I mean why not? Y'all ain't about to be championship contender. They might though. They still got a chance Bro. They are nice I think. Good. That's a hell of a hell of a a pick yo. He gotta beat out too many people though. They Gonna beat, he ain't fuck with Anthony Simon bro ain't pri now But I can't come off the bench for 15 minutes. That's a lot of minutes. He gotta beat out.


You gotta beat out Peyton Prichard bro. Play 82 games six minute a year. Peyton Prichard 82. I understand what you're saying Mo for that. He's good. He's good. He need a injury. Like I don't wish that on nobody but he need like Derrick White, he got one. Jason Tatum. No got a quick replacement because Hey you always get a replacement bro. N NBA a Jalen Brown I'm gonna replacement. He better go crazy next year. Aint no swings. Oh my god. Phony Simons is putting it up bro. Jalen Brown is about to shoot everything in sight bro. Jalen Brown's thinking I can win MVP He, he Jaylen Brown. He's trying MVP bro. He's about to prove that he's, he about to average 30. Let's go shout out to jp. This is his dream scenario.


You scroll one more time for me. He might have tried to prove he better than Jason Tatum bro. Like he, he not, he probably hurt that his dog got hurt but in his mind he like it's up. This is all I ever dreamed of. Yes. That's funny. Feel well soon. I'm here with you every step of the way. We don't need him for real. I got this PG going up for my Boy J Show. Just gimme some shooters around. Yeah I'm gonna hold it down till you get And VP Jaylen Brown loading young. No, run the super chat. Say what's up y'all Good morning to y'all. What are y'all thoughts on the Ace Bailey situation? I love this show. Appreciate bro Glad y'all brought that up. That's the dumbest move I ever heard from an agent in my life ever. Yeah bro. He's losing M's every pick actually. Yeah. Did you see the team that he's, he wants to go to what?


What was it Washington, the Nets. He said any east coast team. He's rolling. Not the Hornets though, nothing out west. He trying to stay at home Now he's trying to go to a team where he can go shoot the ball wherever he want to. What I'm saying that's true. He declined workouts from Philly, Charlotte, Utah and he prefers New Orleans, Brooklyn and Washington. I'll see you play. I don't, That one goes where I can shoot. Getting Terrible advice bro. I'm, his advice is dumb bro. Terrible advice. Yeah, not taking workouts is crazy bro. NBA draft, you turning down meetings with NBA teams bro. He think he the show. Yeah bro, you not the show bro. His agent is awful bro. LeBron James done took these meetings bro. Really? Michael Jordan, who you Think you are bro? Yeah, take the meeting years off.


Yeah, you don't have to work out but you can go meet with the team. Gotta take the meeting bro. How you telling Billionaires Way? No I'm not. I'm not, I don't want to. There we go right there. Yeah that that's why I, I mean shout out to Ace Bailey man. Obviously he's gonna go lottery but man he it's the NBA bro. I seen crazy things happen. Nah, he gonna get picked. He too good bro. Nah, nah, I mean you, if he don't get picked up that'd be, Might humble you. I think Paul Pierce, I think Paul Pierce supposed to go top five bro. He ended up 10. Yeah, I'm saying he's still a lot though. 10 Gil fucked up his draft. He Fall to Yeah, but Gil was Gil Lotto. Nah, he won first round though. Nigga was working other than Chuck Taylor's. Yeah, He he was wild was supposed to be, he was supposed to be a first round pick. Yeah he he supposed to be a top three pick if he fall out the first round bro.


It was somebody that, that dude from Duke last year. Phillip Ky whatever. Yeah he was supposed to be a top PKI 15 pick. Yeah bro, that boy was second round. I'm not saying he did the same thing as that. Of course Shit mean grip up with a thing on him. He, You know how to think. Yeah Co Do. He ain't that watch time that, that that shot. Fuck my boy second saying bro. It been, it been worse than theirs bro. It has been crazy for sure man. Ace get well soon man. Shout to your agency but I don't know man. No, No. Shout out to them. Fuck them bro. I heard, I heard Is that one dude dead Cooper because he messed up his draft stock. Get Sharif. Yeah. Yeah man come on. You should have learned from your son tighten up.


Yeah I would do that. Don't do that to him man. Please. Yeah, that ain't the best advice man. But we hope it all work out for a C Short will unless he must have got a guarantee or something. Nah, nah he didn't work out 'cause he ain't get a guarantee. He wanted one from Philly and they ain't give it to him so he said That'd be hard though if he go to Philly. I ain't no 'cause You know what, they got a player that's better than him in Philly. I mean Edward No Edwards bro. Edwards Swear Justin's Edwards is Nice, was nice. All Of em better than him bro. I swear Edwards is nice bro. He is nice bro. He is. He's The number one player in the country too. Yeah. Hard telling you bro. He just got messed up with that Kentucky system. Yeah but bro he can really hoop. Yeah. Yeah the NBA is different man. Don't decline the workouts. I that's annoying bro.


But it's part of process bro. Gotta go through it. Nobody else declining them though ever. Dylan Harper not declining them. Nobody has ever done Child of Deal Harper. What's my guy that we interviewed from Texas Johnson, Trey Johnson. My big Rey Johnson not declining bro. If LeBron James can't dec decline East, then how can you bro he the best player ever bro. Derrick Queen not, he not doing bro. All these dudes is this dude Cooper, Cooper Flag is working out for people. Yeah, Cooper Flagg Is know. He already know where he bro Hundred percent. He traveling for no reason. My boy know Process bro. It's a part of it. Right. It's a part of it bro. Big vinegar. Yeah they Said they said, they said that's crazy.


They said Cooper Flagg went to work out for Dallas and they said he was better than what they thought. See what I'm saying? I told y'all well that's a different player. Gotta get in the field bro. It's just what it is now that scout team out of pocket saying he better than they thought. Boy if Y ain't seen him in two years, y'all sleep. Nah you gotta think bro. He get better too. They say he shooting the ball bro. He like he got, he can shoot he at the three. That's what they saying he look comfortable might have been working bro. Okay. Out The cool's fire bro. Can't wait to see Draft Night. Gonna be interested for show Vic vinegar in the Super Chest that never thought anyone could touch inside the NBA. But you guys are dope. Thanks for all the content. Appreciate you gang. For show man. Shout to inside the NBA Tony Res and the Super Chest at. So with the style changing, does this offset the pace with certain teams?


Does it bring back the back to the basket bigs and more traditional positions? Oh no it's never gonna be back to the basket no more. Yeah that's not what ain't enough bigs for that Ain't no more drop steps. No, No Bigs don't even work on that. Yeah what we saying is it is still gonna be Positionless basketball but it's just gonna be more skilled big men. So you ain't gonna be able to have a six five dude on a seven four Wendy. Yeah it is just not gonna work. Yeah it'll be Christmas for shopping. Yeah it is just not going, these dudes are getting taller. Like everybody we walk up to the point guards of six seven like we just seen Dylan Harper. Yeah that that was Crazy. I'm starting at that point and he's 6 5, 6 6 and I'm like I didn't Know he was that tall bro.


Yeah Like they said Ace Bailey is a two guard. He is six eight Cooper Flag 6 8 3, 6 9 like yeah positions. Are they getting taller? What? What? Holler Burton Tyrese what? 6 6 5. Six five? Yeah like You know what I mean? Most definitely Shay six six you ain't lying. Yeah, Ft L 69 and Super Track again said man man stuff all that talk. What the hell is Barbie? Oh shit. Oh shit. We asked you the same thing. Said brother that that 79 night. Nah might get your Barbie bro. Just, You know what I'm saying. Hit her up, see if she gonna come to work. Damn. Shit you tell us that nigga sold You tell us what she Is. I Think you ain't put her in the oxygen.


Say nine. Go say Shout to Earl's oxygen baby 88. 88 7 Now she come to work. Sold Who you Damn Barbie went for a use alternator on this one. We trade Barbie two take round picks. Nah not, nah there you go. Do her like that bitch shout to bar. She don't come, she don't come to work no more. Yeah she just, we are looking forward to it brother. Shout out to Barbie man. Man tell her to co man Jefferson She be po. Nah for real. I'm on and I'm on your top pulse like right now. It ain't even no pulse. Your girl listen she be writing us on the thing. Facts, why you firing me? Yes.


We'd be like why you on just come, Just pull up to the studio. You know your work days. We'd be recording people like we're waiting on you. She'd be like I got 30 pt. She'd be like I only got 20 minutes. Yeah we be like damn. Yeah and she freestyle our drinks come and mix and match it up. Motherfuckers with her eyes closed and leave. I'm on that. She don't even bring the little measuring cups no more like she used to. She just come in here and be like all right I gotta go. Nah For sure our shit be in anything. We all got different cups. Yeah we start calling her late on purpose because You know she got go somewhere. She be like when they gonna call me Mike? Yeah We came in this motherfucker with some period panties and a big ass sweats one day.


There's a lot of shit been going on. I don't care what you wear. Respect you can wear whatever you wanna wear. Well I'm just saying Just don't bring me no drinking no motherfucker Rasheed Wallace sweats. I don't care what she wear. I don't she that's my home girl man. I just wish she would shout Barbie know we love her For sure. Ben Jam and the Lane wife said Houston, it's Houston the way out for those who have played for OKC Hard and West Brook CP Adams now kd. Yeah man the Houston Thunder is a real thing for sure. Brandon W seven in the super chat says who out of the last seven championships teams was the best team if they were to play against each other?


That is a great question. We are going to go into a deep dive of that tomorrow because we really wanna break that down. That's a great question. But tomorrow we're gonna definitely go through the last couple championships and have a nice little tournament. See Hoop love the pops. NBA Wwn BA team. Would y'all choose to choice? Yeah, choose. Choose, go Choose to choice Bando boss. Oh yeah, you lost this. What The edit Big dog Mitch do said when y'all say y'all got Lou on the show, who the fuck? Shout out to Lou man to Lou if You know, You know What I'm saying? Shout out to my dog Lou bro. He don't wanna get a lot of this information for us. For sure man. Shout out to Lou.


Who the fuck is Louis fucking man? Alright man. We weren't here to recap the finals but obviously we know who got the dub man, the undertook care of business 1 0 3 to 91. Let's talk about the aftermath for both of these teams. Man, shout to the thunder Young team getting the chip. Do they have the potential to, You know what I'm saying, build a dynasty. You know what I'm saying? They gotta pay out jw. They got a pay check but they got a lot draft capital too. But that's easy though. They can always keep them three like they can rotate anybody else with him. Like obviously they need Caruso. He is a, they locked him in but they could trade Caruso. Caruso a great trade piece. But having all them picks that mean every year you can draft a young dude and his money ain't gonna hit for four years.


Yeah. So for the next eight years you can have Chet and Jaylen Williams, whatever and you can just keep drafting young guys because They still young. Yeah and just rotate 'em once another one get good and they, they fourth year they ready for extension help. Go ahead and let him go. We'll draft somebody else. Agreed. You got Cason Wallace was a young player off the team who could basically feel Caruso's role. I forgot to Nikola to, he ain't even played a game yet. He in the wings. He go get some burn next year for show they still got that one. What's the other tall one? Last name. So with a G. Let's go to the roster so we don't mess nobody's name up. That smart ass GM boy. Hey man, he validated now they can't say nothing about my boy.


He got that shit like Isaiah Joe can be on the move. Yep. Jalen Williams can be on the move. Aren Wiggin like the other Jalen Williams. Yeah, with the Y Isaiah Hartstein could be on the move. You can all like, you can sub Isaiah Hartstein out and put Jalen Williams in now. Hartenstein getting 90 million. Whatever he getting. I know it was on a three year deal. So it is. By the time they money kick in he gonna be off the books anyway. Most definitely. Yeah. So don't even matter And you can retool. Like you say, either you could take those picks and get young talent and keep the train going or You know what I'm saying, flip those and get another player. You need to win now too. It ain't even that though. Like, like you said, they can just keep rotating these young players.


Mm. Every like what's a Jang? He ain't, he ain't touch the floor. He capable player And you can keep a lot of these dudes that ain't played for low prices like when they time do come like I ain't mad at it man. They could be a dynasty. I just don't think they, I think the N NBA two running back. Yeah I don't think they will. I think the NBA two wide open 'cause I think they're good. But going game seven with the Pacers, no offense to the Pacers but like that don't show me that you dominant Facts. Ain't nobody went back to back since what Kobe? Nah. Golden State. Yeah. Go Golden State. Go on state. Yeah But like I don't think going game seven with the Pacers and didn't look too promising to me.


NBA too wide open right now bro. Ain't no dominant force so it's gonna Be hard to beat 'em though. Nah, they gonna be good but it just ain't guaranteed that they going back to back and people are too willing to sell for a championship obviously. We always know it doesn't work that way when they go all in. But too many gyms now was like hey if I can go build a team for two years, they'll do it. So maybe not one year. Maybe the next year. But same shit we had last year. We thought the cel was gonna repeat. Obviously a lot of things have to go right for you to win a championship. Yeah but hey man, they got a young capable team man. And like you said one of the best GMs in the game man. They'll be good for the next seven years. There's gonna be a quality team over there. I just don't think they win back to back. They might win another championship. I just don't think it'll be back to back either. Yeah man. Shout out to them man.


They went crazy. Hell for KC for the Pacers obviously we know that Tyres injury means the world to this franchise. We've talked about it a little bit but pay Miles's Cool then obviously you gonna run it back. But what do you do with this team? What we doing man? What we gotta do? Run it back. I mean shit, why not bro? Okay we gonna be a middle of the pack team. I mean shit, we can go pick up a Russell Westbrook or something. A little point guard just to hold us over but we gonna be a middle of the pack team bro. Mm. I'm trying wet achieved this year bro. I'm trying to think of a, A younger point guard or a even a veteran point guard that's not as polarizing. Like you can't, they not getting stroller. You can't have Russell Westbrook. I love Russ bro. He cannot come.


I love Russ but I don't want Russ and TJ on the same team. Nah but I be seeing what Jeff be saying sometimes he need somebody though. Players be too big. Yeah Cp I don't think CP coming here bro. Nah, but you can't have So who would you get? Wes Brook would be great but he just, you can't have him shit the way they shoot threes. No what I'm saying the way like Halliburton play, he's a three point pass first the Pacers is used to like we not shooting threes like, You know what I mean? It's a style of play and Russ don't fit the pacer style of play like off the bench. He would. Yeah like he'll be great as a TJ McConnell type of guy come in and do his thing but as a starting point guard with Nihar and them. Yeah.


Yeah Nihar. Demmer gonna really have to get the reigns. I think everybody's saying like where we should go get a guard. I'm like I think it's just got his time to just be a starter for next year. That's let him getting developed. Go crazy. Put Mather in the start lineup. Got to. You have to if you don't have to bro, if you don't start being Trey Hill because unfair to him at this point. He gotta go crazy this year. Let let it ball out bro. Him average 2024. Fuck Because he gonna average do. But if they do it that way, what happens when Tyree come back? Shit He don't need to overly shoot anyway. That ain't how he plays. Yeah I'm not saying that. I'm just saying Mhar becomes the point. Mhar you going back to where you was and then what that mean for Ben? I just average 24, He'll still start gonna start with Tyree. So Nate Smith coming is outta there? No, somebody's going to, if he, if he average 24 somebody going to that bench that's just flat out.


'cause I can't go back to the bench after I just average 24. Nah I'm gonna start. Yeah So ni then you Got AKA and Miles Turner you're starting line up. If we didn't have AKA just paint him on a max deal we just started, I would feel like maybe they would go a different direction. But if you not going to be competitive this year, you might as well trace Yaka in. But we're not gonna trade him 'cause we still got Tyrese in the wing so Yeah I think they gonna be competitive. I think they'll find a, I just, they do a great job of always finding a guard that we never think about like they used to, they always used to go get Darren Collinson outta nowhere. Yes. You know what I mean? And he would be a quality guard and they'll be a good team every time you thought like the Pacers were cooked. Yeah, no they gonna find something. They go, they might, You know they found Malcolm Brockton one year they'll just go find some random guard that you're not really thinking of and he'll come here and have a good year.


Cory Joseph you think them harder to hold it down all year Starting? Oh I think we'll get a chance to see. I think that he's capable but they gonna go find, I swear they gonna find a random guard. We not thinking I trust bro. Oh they always cool. Pace Gonna be cool. Tyree hurt them for sure but shit, they went to the finals to the last game. They gonna be cool. They be all right. And I hate to use what if scenarios but that's something that's gonna haunt this franchise for a very long time period. 'cause the way that Tyrese came out killing bro, everybody felt like that was his moment came bro. But we don't know if that would've kept going. Nah but this is going when you start like that. It normally do though. That's what's gonna make Tyrese's careers already in the hall of Fame just 'cause of that one moment. Mm he bro because now his story gotta be is like yo nine to six minutes we was about to win.


I got hurt. He could say that for the rest of his life. I I we was about to win. I got hurt. Everybody believe it too. Yeah and everybody feel that way. Yeah My boy need a mini doc. It was dope was you see the Netflix doc, they got all of them. Who? Netflix. The casting that they had last year was amazing. You had Jalen Brown, you had SGA, you got Tyrese and I forgot who the other player is but there that was James Harden. Oh. But the Netflix doc next year is going, it more lost him next year man. Because even to know he came out today after surgery, he was just like yeah I knew the risk but guess what I do the shit again. Like this shit sucks but I'll do this shit again for my brothers for the city. He's like, y'all deserve this. I'm sorry I let y'all down. He stamp, he stamped in the city forever. Reggie would never say that. Wow. Never. Reggie would never say that there'd be no more give my boy a statue if you hate that bro.


You weird. I swear to God love Atlanta to this court. I would not have played. Nah, no I would've played. You had to say that I played with no I played with a tour. Yeah you definitely would've. Pat played would played especially game you rocking out. You have to play. I had to tear my patella in play. You play you would've played bro because you don't play in round one. Damn. Nah. Yeah you love it Atlanta for sure. He said round one. Round one I had to tear people playing bro. The playoffs. Yeah. Speaking of that, this is random but we didn't talk about the KD trade. Did y'all see that the Cavs offer theirs growling for kd? Yeah they they know they I love dg. Y'all know man, he he little brother to us. He Indiana kid. But hell that injury that that shit, people don't care about that they trying to win.


Damn. Damn that would've been crazy. Yeah, I like KD with the Cavs bro. I do too. That look weird. Seen him on in a Cavs uniform. Yeah, I I ain't gonna lie, I would've been, I would've really felt away if he, if they would've had that record KD Mitchell, I would've felt way bro. Emo oh God he raw. Kevin dur I need to in my convers, I don't wanna see Kevin Durant the Cav jersey. Yeah that just because that's Browntown. Yeah that's brown shit. Yeah that's his nasty work for for show man respect. Get well soon to the pace man. We gonna figure it out for show man. Let's get to the MLB man some good skulls yesterday. Oh first super chat. Excuse me, coach Keith Junior says who are some first round sleepers in Thursday's draft? Man there's gonna be a lot of talent in this draft that people are not speaking about.


For sure. Will Riley bro? Mm Illinois kid. He nice man. I don't know too many people really tapped in with him. He can hoop though. He nice man. Shout out to all young guy we had on the pod yesterday, man Thomas Ber is gonna make a franchise really happy. We talk about the bigs being prevalent again. Yeah boy a footer. He got a seven, six wings man, he'll instantly have the biggest wings span in the NBA. He will definitely help a team going forward for sure. But yeah, it's a lot of talent man. New millionaires on the way. Shout out to them. We'll go more in depth tomorrow with that as well. Joshua Blair the super chat said does his chip phs, MVP mc sha the goat Thunder now. I mean he got a ring. Yeah bro. He's the goat. Yeah he the best Thunder. MVP All-star MVP scoring champ. He did everything in one season bro.


He the best. He might not want say it but it's true. He the, he the best thunder player ever. Damn. He raised the banner bro matters bro. And he did it. He wasn't a role player, he was that man. He did everything he could have did in a season and won a chip. Got I got a finals. MVP or a chip. Come on man. I do and I got MVP first team by NBA scoring champ. What else could he have known? He did everything possible besides make all defensive team. Yeah he did And that's overrated. Yeah bro. I can't beat the scoring champ and all, all defense bro. Average 30 for sure.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Dove ice cream bars, chips Ahoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restric and supply visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC get


In the zone AutoZone. Jane has 150,000 miles on her truck and she's proud of that Jane's Secret AutoZone. Where friendly AutoZone help her find the right parts. Jane brother Josh only cares that his car starts and goes but when it doesn't he also goes to AutoZone where friendly auto owners help with free services. No hassles just help Everything you need nothing you don't Get in the zone. AutoZone Restrictions apply.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no across The country. Cops called this taser the revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


MLB mail. Let's get to it. Orio, shout out to Raiders yesterday. Six to zero belt to ass situation. The Braves. Okay, he took care of the Mets. One of the best teams in baseball. You know the Bobs three to two The Reds beat the sleeves off the Yankees who have been struggling this last couple of weeks. Yeah, Yankees, if you wanna make some money, take the under on the Yankees. Yeah don't don't listen to me though. 'cause every time I say take the under on somebody, they start winning. I told everybody bet against the Rockies. Rockies won like three game winner Straight messed up the church money for show man shout to my D backs man. Beat the sleeves for the shut out. The White Sox yesterday. 10 zero wrote a clip. Man, tell Marta Pepper Smith went crazy yesterday back to back bangers. They get a clip. Braves don't get a clip. They don't do shit like this.


Look at how empty the stadium is. Nobody care. That's crazy. Ain't nobody pulling up the Chicago White Sox game. If you look at that score, there's no reason they should be spending their hard all money for that shit. They trash. Damn. Come on man. 10 off it probably too hot. Go to work man it was hot. I'm too hot. You gotta love your team and sit in the heat for that. They shut my kids' camp down. Yesterday was shut motherfucker hot. Woo this morning was so hot bro. Walking in here. So we're just getting started baby. For sure. Pirates took care of the brewers yesterday. Five to four the man defeated the twins yesterday 11 to two built a ass situation, wrote a clip. Shout to Dom Cone who went yard on him. He smacking that that jersey used to be raw too.


That Griffey jersey. Come on man. Iconic. It's crazy. Smack that joint to the heavens for show. Carlos took care of the Cubs eight to two yesterday. The angels are feeding the Red Sox nine to five and the Nationals took care of the Padres. 10 to six. Catchy out on some W scores over the weekend. We were here to talk about yesterday the dream took care of the sky. 93 to 80. Shout to Ryan Howard going crazy as G and I told you Alicia Gray did 19 five before. My favorite, my favorite duo right there. That Squiddy? Yes. Alright, shout to Ariel Atkins. She had 29 to six and Angelice went crazy. 10 in 19 rebounds. Hell of a double, double. How many offensive boys was us? Shout to the meat bounds, You know the vibes. Alright man, mystic Secure of the wings in ot.


91 to 88. So Citron a rookie from Notre Dame. She hooped out with 27 and 11 young. Kiki went crazy as well with 19 to seven. Enrique Boomer K had, excuse me. Yeah Enrique, I'm tripping. She had 27 and three page Beckers 29 and seven fastest WNB player to reach 200 points, 50 rebounds and 50 assists, 11 games. She been getting active and she also has already been hurt. So she really doing her thing out there. How many years she been in the league? Paige Beckers. This is her 11 game rookie bro. He asked that question to be funny. Move on. It just said she the fastest player to do it. She she the fastest one to do it. He's fried man. The ACEs took care of the fever. 11 games she been hurt.


She she missed a couple game too. She met her half the season. She did that in seven. Mike, I'm trying move off. Not she really, she would've really had that in like six games. Half the season bro. W Allstar will be here in two weeks. Just keep that in mind. No it just shows how good she is. There we go. Number one, pick show love. Get active. 89 What? Asia Wilson had 24 and seven. Jackie yo had 19 to seven. Leah Bossa had 26 and 10. I like that match up between her and Asia for sure. Kelsey Mitchell had 20 as well and Cece had 19 to 10 but she shot seven for 20 from the field. Only hit one, three out 10 to attempt. She was getting locked up for sure.


Yeah get well soon to us. But the storm took care of the liberty. I like how y'all breeze past that. Oh she got, where's Sabrina at man? She got locked. She got locked up man. Sabrina never have a bad game so get well soon. Hurt I well she would never getwell soon. 8, 9 79 Storm took care of the liberty. That's why they took it l 'cause she is out unfortunately. But Rick Boomer came crazy with 26 to seven. Skylar Dickers 20 and six Brown Stewart had 18 and nine. Man of our case is still handling business as the expansion team took care of the Connecticut son Skylar Man Hoopin 7 63 belt ass. Kayla Thornton been hooping 21 and eight RA men in eight. Alright man in the big three this weekend the Detroit S took care of Miami.


Shout to Joe Johnson. He went crazy. Y'all better leave Joe alone man. Yeah he said them them 1 0 1 basketball shut up 29 and four. Lance had 18 Bs had 17. I must outs score them by himself. Leave Joe alone man. Leave Joe alone man. Y'all don't want that smoke that that's not the smoke y'all want man put on a clinic out there. Easy money and he got hurt. He didn't even get to finish. That's the crazy part. He had 29 didn't finish the game but You know what I'm saying. Still like work ISO Joe For sure. Boston Ball Hawks took care of the DNB trilogy 50 to 42. Jonathan Simon. Yeah Simon Simon, excuse me. 18 and six. Earl Clark, Louisville legend had 15 to 12 Chicago triples took care of the Houston R hands 51 a 34 belts to ass that year. COR went crazy.


16 in Montrez here. Louisville legend 15 and seven and the LA Riot. Yeah You know the vase took care of the Dallas Power. JC had 28, Dwight had nine to five. Shout to Glen Rice Jr. With 19 and Paul Millsap had 16 and 14 as well. Man. Alright man we got a wonderful get well soon man. Little Drake we you out there looking Middy going back to the league this year. That's my dog but he, nah I was coming getting bro nine five in the big three. That's what they been saying bro. Who said that? ES pn Cody rose man at fan fest. Oh yeah T you gotta tap me in man. Cody Rose bro. I had to send y'all that. You gotta tap me in that nigga after that suit nigga.


That nigga like he never played basketball he life that whole too. That's how you do it. That's how You know like that's how you shoot a David bus. You know like athletes bro. I ain't saying, I ain't saying he not an athlete but can't fucking, it's different levels to athleticism bro. Alright. If you a natural athlete like shooting a basketball, that's kind of how Mike shoot bro. Like yeah that nigga see they was on there, call him Albino Shine Marion. They was very disrespectful in them comments. Oh don't let here, You know he down niggas up about that jump shot Sean alone, Sean to run down.


See that disrespectful in the comments. Quit playing free. That shit look like a robot bro. He shooting free throw three he swear to yeah David Bus, he just doing fucker like this. Yeah the papa shot three is crazy. Hey he strong as shit but look him both his hands bro. His for arm is crazy. Hey remember you should have to use the two buds on 2K in the free throw. That's how he shoot. Oh. Oh man, get Russell better run again man. Because that's a NBA three. He swinging. He is stronger than the fucker no fingertip strong as hell.


The ball though. Ain't no arm working boy. He might be like six four. He said wait, they come say he shoot like the 1930s. Look how slow he moving nigga is a three point contest. He got went out, he got a pseudo that. Look how, watch how walked to the vessel nigga you in. Hey bro. He supposed to run to the next rank nigga broke ball a suit bro. He got his suit up. I didn't that he caught it spin and bouncing too.


He can't move bro. All the knee ends. He tried tear his suit. Yeah his suit too tight bro. He can't even move. It was Cody Rose. Man we gotta get you lethal shooter man. You know T crazy bro. Bro that is hilarious. Playing a three point contest in the three piece lethal shooter. Please tap in man y'all oh man. A lethal shooter can make him make some jump shots. I'm gonna believe it. Most definitely man.


Listen man, one more time for Boost Mobile. You know the vibe man. $25. Where they at with a T 5G Nationwide. Come on man. Tap in with Boost Mobile man. We got a dope episode of Club five 20 special live from JD Sports and Times Square. Man. All the draftees we talked to yesterday, we had Thomas Soer, we had the guy Trey Johnson, we had D Harper and last certain not least we had Derrick Queen. Man tap in man S loose yo fellas man, we can't wait to see y'all on draft night. We'll be back tomorrow morning as usual. Five 20 In The Morning. The volume


okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's The number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Dove ice cream bars, chips Ahoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


New out of nowhere, obstacles, new, all or nothing. Moments new, less than likely Triumphs season two of the Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for Business and host of the show. We are excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen wherever you get your podcasts. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company. This is an iHeart podcast.