
Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder, what can I do to make 'em better? Well, my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days, And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here, And I invite you to give your pup the Rough Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free Jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food. To improve your dog's health, just add a scoop of rough greens.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Thursday. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite? Hey, we starting off with a debate off camera. Fuck it. TV disrespectful this morning. I'm legendary shoes. I'm not. It's Easy. A Jordan 13. You can rock that, bro, no matter the brand, bro. Swear to Jesus. I swear that is a fire shoe period, bro. I swear on. We can keep going. All right. I'm about to just say We just, we just talk about how far the shoe is. We had the shoe conversation this morning spilled over. But hey, it's your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells full house this morning. We ready to go? Bishop Nacho. Five 20 MOOC fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? It's Good, bro. I'm pissed. I'm good Lying.


Mom. Mom. Not lying bro. I swear y'all not. I can't wait till we do off the course. Sneaker shopping man. We That's gonna be a time, man. Its A great conversation. Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it then. Okay. We'll be half for sure. Let's get straight to it man. Last night. Luca returned to Dallas yesterday. Let's show the video man. I told y'all The Tribute. This was crazy man. What double team He about to cry. My boy was going through it last night. I Damn man. The Lakers didn't do this for ad They did. No, That's fire. Shout out to the production team. I don't understand why that make you cry though.


Alright. That shit meant a lot to him, bro. I ain't gonna lie. Damn. No cry. And I was in Atlanta. I'm lying. Oh bro. That meant a latte to Oh yeah, Rudy. Oh Yeah. Come here Rudy Bow. He was hurt man. Oh yeah. Pop your shit. Yeah. Can't fucking guard me. He's like, I can't believe they traded me. I'm about to cook. Y'all That miss his people too, bro. They love shit. Yeah man. He turned them tears into buckets last night. 45 in a revenge game. Lakers took care of busy yesterday, won 12 2 97. Man, Luca went crazy with 45 8 and six. LeBron hooped out as well with 27 to seven. Naji Marshall taking advantage of opportunity with 23 and eight.


Na, he had 13, 11 to six yesterday. Damn. Only 1380. That's fucked up. Yeah man. It wasn't nothing he coulda did yesterday. Boy. That was all Luca game for sure. But man, just that yesterday lets me know that Luca really, really wanted to be a maverick for a long time, man. Yeah. And I think it's just the way they, they handled it. I just woke up traded like I've been killing for y'all. I just took you out to the final. It was just a lot bro. Yeah. Yeah. They kept zooming in on your boy too. Nico. He go Yeah, he was in a cut. They started to chant up again. Yeah. Dang. One boy can't even enjoy the game. Oh, you should have watched it from MCC cricket. He shouldn't even been at that Game. I don't even know why he would've been there. Yeah, why Pull up bro. What's crazy is, hey bro, I work here. It don't matter bro. Enjoy your family bro.


I'm bigger. I have to be here bro. No you don't. This is my job. No, you don't have to be in the building Bro. I think the ownership would've been okay with you staying home. That's a well war machine in Dallas Man. And what's so crazy is the ownership probably happy? They be like, yeah, Nico's taking all the slack for this. Like we ain't the ones who pushed the button on this. And we set the pick bro. Whole Time legit. We Set the pick legit. They lined him up. Everybody signed him to a crazy extension 'cause his career just got ruined from that situation. He is gonna be the downfall or he gonna be the the fall for that. Even though it wasn't his call, he's gonna go down as the person that made the worst trade in NBA history. Yeah. Yeah. Especially if the Lakers get some chips. Luca go get some chips for Him. Yeah. I just hope the map stay afloat. 'cause if they bad that's going to be Yeah. That's terrible for the City. I mean not no offense to ad, I think he a really good player, but Ad what, 31, 32?


Yeah, so he, he still got some prime years left but he known to be injured so yeah, he damn near gonna miss next year. Whew. And it just fell apart. Him Kyrie got hurt. Everybody it just fell apart because If Luca was like 32 30, I can understand it'd be cool bro. He's still a youngster bro. He like 25, 27. Yes bro. That's ridiculous. He is gonna be doing what he's doing right now for at least the next five years. Damn. At least look at those stats. 28. Eight and eight. Sorry Nico. That's a tough trade bro. Crazy. It wasn't you Nico. I know. Can we go back to his page please? One more time please. 'cause I ain't even looking at none of the stats. I still wanna laugh at, You know what I'm saying? Get Outta there like magic Johnson man.


Magic Johnson left when it got with you man. Hey, one of my favorite interviews of all time. You say no the future of the scene that I ain't gonna be here and then he traded Z back. Oh for Sure. Shouts a magic legend man. Lakers went one of the next two games of locking the third seed. Let's go ahead and see these play the playoff Sands man. About to the end of the season. All the hype a s gonna be out the window real soon. Alright man. We looking right now. Potential second round matchup with the Rockets. Yeah, but the first round matchup. Yeah, I said potential second round matchup. The first round matchup is the, the good one.


It could be the Clipper. I mean the Warriors arguably could be the Clippers Warriors. Mm. Grizzlies Who do they want the Lakers? Everybody want the Grizzlies bro. Okay. They want the Grizzlys and on the grizzlies right now. Yeah. Yeah man that's gonna be crazy man. We talking about, You know what I'm saying, the Lakers possibly getting to the Western conference finals, You know, but that two through four was always switching up. But best case scenario for them man. They get the, You know what I'm saying? Like you said you get the Grizzlies first round and then you get the rockets. I'm not gonna say that's a cake walk, but that's a favorable walk for them to get to the conference finals. Yeah it is. Yeah. I think we all be disappointed if they didn't make it to the conference finals. Yeah, most definitely. It is crazy how it's paning out for them bro.


They can really make the finals bro. On the sneak. They can if they make the finals after that Luca trade that just take Luca to some whole other Yeah, that's gonna make Nico. Nico, your bro. Nico gonna have to quit. He gonna have to quit bro. Nico is gonna have to quit. He gonna have to move from Dallas too. They gonna try Tory him Being funny about that bro. That's you going to be treated like dog shit. You have to get out that city bro. D man in the super chat asked if Luca wins a chip with only half a season. Is he a bigger Lakers legend or ad? Yes. Yes bro. Yes, unfortunately yes. Yes, because when AD was on the Lakers, I'm sorry, that's my guy, but I didn't feel like they was gonna win the chip. I mean I feel like they was a cool team but this year I feel like it was a cool team. But now I think they could win this thing bro.


They got a chance. I don't know if they could beat the Celtics but they could make the finals bro. Yeah. You look at all the turmoil that team had early on too. I mean we started off the year with Dlo being the starting point guard of Lakers. A lot of things have changed from that team for sure. All the trades have taken place. They transformed his team over a whole year and if they get to the finals, that's crazy. That's crazy bro. Rod Palka just about to sign another 10 year extension. Yeah. Hey they had s smart on his name all off season that said Lakers ain't making a moves under under Aachi roster about the move of a all coming. Don't worry about it. He said don't you worry. He made the move of a lifetime bro. Big Joker brought you Luca. Man. That is crazy man. Get Well Soon to the m Shout out to the Lakers. Moving on. Warriors took a loss yesterday to the Spurs.


Wrote a clip. HB the Og. I told y'all the game. Watch out Jim. Come here Bow. I should have took the lay. You took the Spurs Yesterday. I did. I seen this happening. Bang bang. You see you seen Harrison bars hitting the walkout. What niggas we saying matchup problems? Wait, you gotta watch CP Y, cp cp. Like that's a fucking foul. Watch. No watch. When he pushing him, that's a foul.


He be on bullshit to the, he straight to the rat as that nigga a pocket so disrespectful. That's a foul. Oh man. Good defense though, Jim. Fo That's a tough make. That's a hell of a shot bitch as he went straight to the Rest. That's a foul. Damn man. That lady with a smack, y'all. I told y'all Man, bitch ass Mm m he went straight to the, don't worry, I got another one for y'all today. It Chris Ball is crazy man. 1 14, 1 11 lost yesterday for the Warriors. Find Castle Ball out with 21 and five HB Old school Harrison. Bart had 20 and four. Steph had 38 and three and Jimmy had 28 and seven.


Man the words would make the postseason, but they trying to avoid the play in man. If they would've won last night, they would've helped solidify 'em the spot. But now, oh, they're trying to get top succeed, man. Let's go back to the matchups. All right. They gotta do the playing. Of course you'll have Warriors, Mavericks, and then you'll have Timberwolves and Kings. Now if they say as is right, just go to your top eight right there. Warriors at two. Is that favorable for them against the Rockets? Yeah. Okay. That's a matchup they would be looking for. I I'm, I don't think anybody's mad about being a seven seat any of these teams. I think they're really comfortable like oh we play the Rockets. Yeah, the Rockets is good but I feel like they all comfortable beating them in the playoffs bro.


Yeah, I'm saying the Warriors temper Wolves, Kings and Mavericks. I don't see them. Yeah, it's, I don't see it and respect to the rockers have a hell in a year. But I like you said, I don't think the fear factor is there as it is for the Lakers or is for the Thunder in those situations. Even the Nuggets to an extent because you still gotta deal with Yolk. Man could be a hell of a matchup though man. I think the Rock is gonna show up in the playoffs. I don't know what they gonna do, how far they're gonna go. But I don't think they gonna be as easy of a walk over everybody acting like they are right now. For sure. No they not gonna be easy. I mean 'cause they have nothing to lose. They a young group like they I told you like they process was speed up. Like they didn't think they were gonna be this good. Yeah. So since that process was sped up, they like we playing with house money. Really? Yeah, for sure we can make a run in these playoffs.


We only gonna get better. Yeah. Arguably our best player, he ain't came to shoot yet. Yeah, twin. You have to be ready to play them though 'cause they gonna play hard and they going, they gonna score some points bro. Most definitely. They gonna guard though. That's what I like. Guard Brooks. They gonna guard. Yeah me and Tom singing. They gonna guard like you said but this could be a coming out party for Jalen Green though. Yeah. This is where you make your name. Yeah, he can have a moment like this. This is that moment Donovan Mitchell, that Jamal Murray moment. There we go. He can have that. I mean 'cause he on that verge. He already got that second contract now it's time to be an Allstar. He got the money now it's time for you to move up to the Allstar rank. He signed up a beautiful deal with a three year deal. He gonna have a moment here, play better next year, opt out whatever the time is, opt out and get that Supermax opt out.


Re-up. Like you said Jelly Green having a hell of a year. You know we was talking about say he maybe he could score more but listen number two in the west averaging the dub plus you doing your thing for sure. Nah, nah he hooping though. Yeah 21 5. Yeah And I ain't mad at that at all. When you playing with other good players in your team too. So yeah he hooping. Shout to Jalen Green now. This Warriors team obviously stepping Jimmy Cur de Lowe last night. Pause. Who is the third option of the team beneath to step up for them to be successful in the playoffs? I don't think they got a third option. You don. So when it comes to offensively, yeah so it's gonna have to be by committee. Yeah like BP got head, caming is gonna have to play well it's gonna have to be collective bro. That's the only problem that I have with the Warriors. They don't have, if Jimmy having a bad night, Steph having a bad night.


They don't have nobody really that you can depend on. Like BP can make a shot here and there, but I don't depend on him. Minga Moses Moody like Yeah Draymond not really a scorer so you can't really depend on him. He gonna help you defensively obviously. But offensively he only round eight or nine points a game. So he hill. Yeah they ain't got no, they don't got no solidified third option and that's what they gonna have to address in off season. Yeah. Yeah. Kaga gonna have to go crazy But he really can't score like that. Like They need that 15 Every night they need it but he blew it too. Should sign that deal, sign that deal. Yeah. It's unfortunate that he got hurt 'cause like respectfully, a lot of that 15 was early this season when You know they was going through some stuff.


It had a rough patch where he was only one. You know what I'm saying? Getting it off. But like you said, that deal probably gonna change now this off season for sure. Yeah. You looking more like a four year 80 my boy. Damn he can't get a hundred s, 15 a hundred s, four year a hundred s. Especially with today's market. I was about to say you never know today. I mean you can but passing it out this what, this is what Dylan Brooks is doing. Yeah. Mm. I'm gonna compare you to Dylan Brooks at this point. I almost rather have Dylan Brooks, I just older than you but definitely I definitely would. Yeah. Battle test it probably going contribute the same offensively. I'm just saying like, let me think of somebody, Aren e Smith, all these dudes was around this. I mean they got, they deal a little earlier granted, but OB topping, that's why you got money bro.


Oie got a very favorable deal right around 20. That's that's yeah he that kind of person that look like OB topping to me. Yeah. Yeah we, we got two great wings. Well Obie was having last year, boy above 10, not super crazy. Not 15 four year 54. Yeah 58 80 ain't looking too crazy to me man that's tough. 20 a year. You always talk about it. You said if the deals in front of you take the money, get that bread, take the money, It is gone. Yeah because when you bet on Yourself, you and that's in 20 minutes You playing in they face.


So Yeah, that's in 20 minutes. He just killing half the game. Hope he be hooping bro. I told you he have moments where he just be, he don't beat on defense but outside that hope he be showing up last year in the playoffs he hoop, he played 24 minutes. I didn't know he could shoot this good. He be knocking it down bro, bro. And he's unconscious. I, I respect watched he hit like six threes the other day. I'm like dang. Yeah he a gray second 3% a gray second happened the season for sure for yeah o he is solidified his money. But I mean Minga You know, teaches his own, I mean somebody might be in love with Minga potential more than they was with Oby so he might be able to get a hundred but so I imagine if you're trying to run it back with Steph next year with Jimmy, you gotta use Minga maybe a little bit of draft capital on what they situation is.


Is that the tool to get another player or to get another, You know what I'm saying? Offensive resource for this team to go forward. Yeah they need, they need another offense. They need somebody they can rely on third piece. Yeah. Unless they just feel like he was hurt and he actually can be the third piece. But I don't know. Well for the Spurs man obviously lost the two best players in injury this year. Next year. Which I think the Spurs still gonna be through the roof top five in the woods. Mm Man let's go ahead. Yeah they right there at 13. Especially if they get kd. We always have a a fun conversation on here. Behead always tell us player away, tired, all they're moving around but they, that one team that they are literally probably a player away. They're okay With the Spurs getting Somebody.


Okay. Yeah, if they give a pick, they give a castle. I mean Ell they give Baal and the rest of them dudes like Harrison Barnes, Vaal Johnson and some picks to get kd. I be hype. Wish they can keep a Harrison Barnes though boy, that'd be nice. You need a vet like that. But you can't keep 'em. I know you can't but they could. Boy that'd be nice. How many more years is left on his deal? He got one more year left. Is he a s smart contract? Because that would be really indicator if he got a a one year league. We probably know that HB gone for sure. Nah, he's gone man. Shout out to Harrison Barnes. Man we talk about this time people don't give him respect. He deserve bro. Champion UNC legend 12 year ve he, he, he on that.


Wiggins always gonna get a dub regardless to where he at. He is gonna chill, be quiet out the way, be a great teammate, safe, great player on the off the court person off the court. So everything right. You ain't gonna get on no podcast, you ain't gonna be shooting no guns. You gonna joke with us now look at this contract. Yeah they gonna have to get off that contract for show. What you making? Nothing too crazy. What? 12 3 3 or 54? Boy keep a bag boy, boy, boy did it on the sneak. Yeah he ran it up in the NBA on the low though. And nobody say nothing to him.


Like nothing bad about him. Like he got 50. It is just okay here's a march still playing. Yeah. Yeah. And they tried to put Smart out his name. They were just like yeah it was a major upgrade. Well bro, Kevin Durant is a major upgrade for everybody bro. Anybody? Yeah but I got y'all ring though. I fact And I there 200 And you wouldn't got the ring without me. 2 0 4. Woo. I love it for you. Harrison Barnes. Shout out to Harrison Barnes. Man. Good guy too man. He's from Iowa. Yeah, him and Doug McDermott's on the same high school team, which is cheap. Daniel, I played him in high school too at aau. Oh for real? He killed you. Yeah, we won though. But he's killing both of 'em. Killing him for sure. Shout him out.


Who score big in the NBA this season You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly. Take us to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Yo What's good it is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black invent of rough greens here And I invite you to give your pup the Rough greens 90 day challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increase energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free Jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food To improve your dog's health, just add us scooper Ruff Greens.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right man. Moving on man. Yo, 32nd triple double of the season. First win post Mike Malone era man took care of the Kings. 1 24 to one 16 Christian Brown bought out with 25 yo had 2012 and 11 Jack Levine still the high streak with 27 and 11. The Rosa had 22, 4 and four. Let's go ahead and blow up the clip man. They got to talk to yo yesterday about the new coaching situation. Yeah. So in summary he said yeah I knew a little bit before, what the fuck was I supposed to do about it. That's what that was. So yeah they, they made a decision. They let me know fuck it we ball. Yeah I told y'all he don't care about that shit. Yeah bro. This just keeps the ball.


I'm here. He probably called Mike Milone like sorry coach love you. Thank you for everything. Yep. And he probably like keep going joker, keep hooping. Yeah I mean he right in Serbia. What, what else can I do? What do you want me to do? Yeah, it is what it is. Yeah I can get mad about to bring you back. Yeah. I don't think they realize that NBA players really have no power. The only one that got power is LeBron. That's it bro. The only power you really have is what you can do. Like if yo yo just started calling drama in the locker room saying yo, I don't wanna be here no more. That's the only thing he can control. What he can control. Yeah. Like you can say all you want like oh if you don't get no players in here for me, I'm gonna leave.


Well you under contract we can only trade you. No, that's true. It's real. It is like Jimmy, Jimmy was like, all right, I ain't happy no more. Okay. I ain't playing. Okay, we just gonna find you. Yeah, you have no control really bro. Yeah, that's crazy. Like you said, if you don't really cause a major fuss or really mess up some things in the locker room, you just gotta deal with it bro. Yeah, but I don't think he's a person who's gonna do that. I don't think he even gonna try to opt out. He probably like, I'm just gonna play it and if I get up my nerves I'm gonna just dip anyway. Yeah. I'm gonna just go back home because it cost too much to cause a problem. Like Jimmy was getting taxed bro. Yeah, pat Riley would, he might, he might not care but he still was getting taxed bro. Facts man. That's crazy. I mean even though they don't them crazy deals, that's still bridge you missing For sure.


Yeah. Facts. But the thing I that's be, nah, I shouldn't say beautiful. It's kind of fair. I should say unfair but fair in a way. It's like people that's from Europe overseas, they come over here and make all the money but they ain't happy no more. They're gonna go back home and play. They get paid because they got leagues that they can play in. Yeah we don't have that. Yeah we don't got that. So if you don't make it here, that's it. You done. You gotta go over there and if you don't make it there you gotta come back here And you still aint Yeah it is quiet. They go home and make millions. Yeah they not tripping. Remember they called him Super Mario. Mario Za. Yeah. He was like hey B for me went back up to your league killing all of 'em.


Do it bro. I wish we had something like that here though. Nico And you, y'all punched, y'all punched like I just made 25 over here. I'm just go home and be the highest paid player of my where I'm from. Yeah. Yeah bro. He the the real will Smith bro. He got punched on and said fuck this country, I'm going back to the crib. So they love over here, they really got the real finesse and they didn't hit me until Dennis Schroder said that to me when we was in school. I mean when we was at Atlanta he's, I'm gonna come over here and make a hundred million, I'm gonna go back and play in Germany. And he was like what you gonna do afterwards? And I was like hmm, that's a great question. Nah I knew that 'cause when you over there you might be the highest player person on the team and then the lowest paid the worst player make the same money as you bro from they country.


He don't even play. He probably in the same money as you bro. Damn. I'm like because they take care of they people bro. That's just how it is man. That's interesting. Obviously with you having that type of experience, you just said you go over there like they treat Americans like, like lease is low key. Yeah like the you be like I'm a high paid American And you just find out what they making, they making more money than you like. Like damn doing way more than y'all. It's crazy. You know On the bus they don't care. Yeah bro you gotta start here bro. This is my crib. So they really got the biggest finesse. So if you like Luca and them obviously Luca's a generational player of Yoic, they probably not gonna play basketball after they leave the league. They don't have to. They gonna own the teams. Yeah but they do that if you like, like you just said Nia, yeah you came over here, made a couple meals over here, made 12, 13 million.


You go back home, you about to go kill there and be the highest paid there. You gonna be making millions for the next 10 years. Yo. That's how they do it. Like Marcus all and them. They all just on the team when you like super, super good, you just go on the team bro. Or then damn if you like them people you just play make all the money man, shout out to that. I guess that's why eBay trying to tap into that, that Euro league situation. They're like nah, we trying to get teams in the league over there. They see what's up over there second X for sure. Alright man thunder eliminate suns. That's why. But before we, that's why the big three is so important. Yeah. For kind of like that. Like I hopefully it can grow and get bigger where it could pay even more for players. 'cause you right, once it's over for Americans it's over.


It is over for Americans. Unless you gonna go over there and, and the crazy thing it is, it could be huge if everybody just play like people like if Brown was just Like, You know, I'm just gonna do it just to look out. It'll blow the big three up bro just to look out for everybody bro. I'm telling you. But they not gonna do that. They not. But I'm saying if they did just like Dwight hire playing stuff like that just keep happening. Yeah. It'll blow it up bro. Just to look out like I don't really wanna play but I'm just gonna do it for the culture. I think there's like you said that oh underlying a business between the NBA and the big three is the reason why they're such a blockade. But if they embrace each other, that would be dope man. It's dude. Well it would give a lot of players Like You know some guys that played in the league for five, six years and didn't make it overseas or Yeah just didn't have, they just couldn't go over there.


Families or whatever it is. It'd give 'em another outlet to still live. They dream still to be able to play. Still under living. I think it'll be fire though. Just gotta be. That's some hard shit to put together Boy. But they just gotta change the game to the rival league like we talked about yesterday. Yeah. Adjustments you look at. All right they gotta just make it like this. Yeah. Yeah because people you watch a game better like this So you wouldn't do five on five. Nah. I mean 'cause to make it different from the league unrivaled my fault. But it'll make it diff you can't make it the NBA. Yeah it's already, it's already a G league. Yeah. You know what I mean? You can go play in the G league.


Yeah but I'm saying I like the three on three it's fire like but like he said just make it up and down. It is three on three. 'cause when you watch that girl's unrivaled, it feel like you still watching a real game even though you just, it's less players but you like dang you can still see somebody running full speed and cook 'em. And I watched they shit. That shit was fired. Yeah. I enjoyed it. I'm like but when you watch the big three, which is a good product, somebody score and they just passing it back to the top like you don't got a runback on defense. You know what, what I mean it just don't give you the same feeling as basketball. Yeah. Goddamn damn are playing 21 low key. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah That's true. That's True. So it just look a little different. But it's still a fire league though.


Most definitely. It's a lot of basketball outlets Now. You look at the one on one league we was just talking about yesterday they got a a finale for 20 5K. Like it's on many avenues that players could maneuver into post career or whatever situation and get to it. That'd be fire though. Most definitely. Alright man, thunder eliminate the sun. Some contention yesterday 1 25 to 1 12 3 stars didn't play. Didn't matter any way. J Dub went crazy with 33 n seven check balled out with 22 and 10 Bradley. Bill had 25. Okay. Brad and book had 2014 and six. Man Get Well Soon to the sons man knocked outta contention. They've been outta contention for a long time. It's just official now. Man. Our starters didn't play.


We just the best tape in the league man. They say it's a 0% chance Bradley bill will be back on the Phoenix Suns next year. Yeah, they'll lie. They said who said that? They said 0% chance I read it today. Oh they, they didn't talks to Brad. They they, they make the same mistake. They don't care. He's leaving. I promise they said he is gone bro. I don't Care. Nigga gonna have to go to small claims court. They said he going John Walling bro. Send him home. Oh they gonna just send him home. Oh send my home bro. I respect that. Then they said we do not want him. They said we refuse for him to be on his team next day. Aw damn. They like we'll pay you G. Just not on this team. Said you go to the crib bro. Damn. They going Jamal Tinsley my boy. That's what they said bro. Man they trying to pull the ty card on Bro Bradley bill. Man, wait a do it King way to lock in man.


Wait is year 12 for Bradfield. You are gonna be a family man to the tee. You get to drop your kids off at school. Get to wait for 'em to get off. Get a bag, Take youngster to go. Who? He gonna be coaching the little league team. I Know I'm gonna, I hope I know he hope that they wave him though. So he go get no team so he can stretch pull so he can like stretch his contract out. Yeah because we got like two years up. Somebody will pick him up bro. Yeah. Yeah he gonna get picked up. I'm saying they stretch that contract out for like the next eight years. Yeah, he gonna be bred for eight years then get waved and go play for Yeah he did it right. Whoever he wanna play for. Yeah, let's go to his year three 18. Woo. He get that he did it right bro. Three 18.


Sheesh. Oh yeah. Send me home. Fuck it. Oh yeah? Yeah. Y gonna pay me all this money to Chill. Yeah I'm gonna coach The Y. Nah I'm gonna say wave me, stretch this motherfucker for six years and I'm gonna go sign with the likers. I wanna do it, sign With y'all wanna do it. Hey, I want Brad be to get wave from the sons and come back and kill for somebody next year. Come off the bench average like 15, 16 and ball out and piss everybody off. These teams that need him though, some teams probably need Bradley Bill bro. He is a bad situation. He ain't done, I don't think, I don't think he can be a third option bro. That's not him bro. That's, he is a star player bro. He needs to rock. So he, he yesterday he got the kill. Nobody out there get the ball get 25. Yeah. I say he should never left the Wood wizards.


He should just stayed there bro. I'm not a third option bro. He should just been a lifetime wizard. Weather trash though. Huh? Weather trash in Washington City. He had been there for 10 years already. See I told you man, my family love Phoenix. You move from Washington to Phoenix bro. You like the sun bro. The real, I Feel that. But some people just born to get buckets bro. Everybody ain't supposed to win and do all this extra shit bro. Supposed to be mellow bro. Just embrace the mellow journey. Y'all know I was the shittiest. I'm just, I mean we here it now. Come on man. I would never, I never been to score where Brad Bill was, never was the star. He was but I would never, if I ever had to career he had, I would never, I'm happy bro. I would be a loser. Average 30 and y'all giving me the bag.


I would be Donovan Mitchell. I'm just gonna keep trying to figure it out. Fuck it bro. I'm mellow bro. Fuck it. Let me get, because He can average 30. Yeah, You look at his average boy crazy. Average 30 from 16 on it was up 23, 22, 25, 30, 31, 23, 23. Then you get to Phoenix. Yeah. See I never, never had these moments. Never we, the games played too, boy. It got ugly boy. 50, 40, 57 not want to be a third option bro. Not I, I could move to two. Third is, third is crazy. Is crazy bro. Third is crazy. I'm not type player. I was 21. Yeah, yeah, you right.


Shout to Brad be man. I'm proud of him bro. I probably would've asked for a trade to the Pacers or something. Ain't Nobody tell you they proud of ya. I Swear to God, if he would've went to the Pacers, he would've been going crazy bro. If Pacers would've been a little better, they been cool bro. You can pull up next year bro. Once you get out this empty situation, bro, we got you for a minimum. Come who? A minimum. Crazy. We don't got bread food bro. Got, I have to find some bread. We don't have money. We ain't get the fuck outta here. Y better trade the house for me. Yeah, Man. Ain't no I'm still, I'm still like that. Yeah, I just had a tough year now listen, I'm still like that bro. I, I, I rock with Brad a long way. But the vibes is already set bro. I don't, I don't need the gritties bro. And we down right now bro. You gotta, I'm better than everybody in your star lineup.


You may be bro. But I I I don't need the energy right Now. No, I'm better than no. Get rid of Nate Smith. TJ McConnell. You know what, Trey Tyrese? Nah, I need Tyree. I'm Tys back to the Thunder. Who's a backup? PG somewhere. Free me in man. We need Tyrese bro. Have You seen our team? What else? That's we'll Be the Phoenix Suns for sure. Hey Thunder one C. Let's see who they could potentially match up with at the seven to AC right now. Is there any of those teams that they might wanna get away from or they feel comfortable whoever end up there? I mean they ain't got no choice. They gonna have to get comfortable. Okay. You ain't gonna get comfortable like y'all gotta, they gotta deal with the fear of Ant Man waking up.


Everybody else they could beat but that fear of Anthony Davis or Steph Curry is there. But other than that, yeah Dick Green it's definitely, I think they be Ja and them. I don't think Ja and them just, I ain't really worried about them. Alright. For sure. Shout out to the Thunder. Locking it up. Alright. Some more games to him. Yesterday Magic took care of the Celtics yesterday. 96. 76. Magic clinched the seven seed fry. Swed out with 23 at eight. The girl had 15. I don't think the CELs give a damn no way. They more worried about what's coming up. They about to play 'em in the play. They about to play 'em. Mm. That's that's the series. It's locked. Yep. Magic versus Celtics. Sweet. Yeah. Yeah. Four one. Oh you being nice about it?


You said four one. Okay. I'm I'm gonna say a sweet. Nah, I'm I'm gonna give 'em one. They gonna win one at Orlando. Okay, let's go up to the super chat to ask some questions for a shout out to the super chat. Xavier Johnson asked Do y'all feel that Thompson 20 Houston has a higher ceiling than Jalen Green? He get a jump shot. Yeah. Y'all know how I feel about, I don't think he a star but he just gotta figure that jump shot out. For sure. All right. Another super chat question. Ask can we get a live pod in Miami for the Bickery stop in Miami. We would love to Big Go Miami Spam Ice Cube man. Spam Ice Cube y'all. Yeah We would love to love a good Miami Road trip for sure.


Alright. Race boy in the super chat as I see a lot of players wear different shoe color weights almost every game. How do y'all break into so many shoes? They had like a motherfucker for us. Casuals Insoles is what they care most about. Yeah. Most people got insoles. Yeah they got custom insoles they just swap out. That's why PJ be playing all them shoes. Yep. Yeah for sure. Moving on man. Seven Sixers took care of the Wizards yesterday. A boy Quin grs. Best two Guard NBA had 17, 11 to seven. Lonnie Walker bought out with 24 had he had a bad game last night. He had off night man. 17. Yeah. Yeah That's on brand man. That's on brand 17 11 7 is is this Yeah a bad night? Yeah. Bad. That's not a bad night at all bro.


Yeah bro. Normally he get to, I Killed Bro. He was passing. I killed bro. Just double, double bro. I'm six three bro. We got new expectations for Him bro. Bro. Yeah Bro. YI done gaslighted it Bro. His play I get 17, 11 and seven No to my last fucked to my last 10. Now you 25 bro. Nah look, look where he just on bro. He just had 29, 28, 24. He Had a light night bro. Had I killed bro I had 11 rebounds bro. I'm six two, He was four from 17 yesterday. We wanna see 30 bro. Crash the glass man. He shot 23. We scoring. Well man do something else. He shot the, that niggas as coaches ain't that what y'all saying? I You go how many attempts he had last night?


17. He shot 23% yesterday. He had a a bad night man. So he Crashed the glass bro. He got the What he was the night before 11 for 25 Chuck. That's what I'm talking about. Four for 11 for three is crazy. He getting them up bro. Yeah that's him and Lonnie Walker team Now You gotta get paid trading Beat. He ain't gonna get paid because this is what Tony Roden did when he was in Philly too. Ain't bro, you have no players bro. We come, I told you somebody gotta score the ball. We gotta play the game. Yeah boy. Not disrespect Qg like that. It's time for you to move on if they don't celebrate you. King. Shout out Tony Rogan all one of the best sha guys of all time. Man. Shout out Tony Rogan for show. Yeah the rappers beat the sleeves off The Hornets yesterday won 26 and 96.


We don't care about anything that happened in that game. Nope. Belt to ass Bulls beat the heat yesterday one 19 and one 11. Favorite white boy. Tyler Hero had 30, bam had 18 but it wasn't enough. Josh Giddy Hooped yesterday. Josh Giddy 1611 bro. I ain't gonna lie. Him and Kobe white bro. They having some great second half of the seasons bro. I ain't gonna lie. It is crazy numbers bro. Really crazy. But I ain't gonna lie. He one of the only players in history that have over 500 points. 506, 500 rebounds. Damn. Yeah, that season. Shout to him. He paid every minute of that game man. He like 40 minutes boy. He trying to get paid. You know it's, it is time to get that check. He gonna get that check. He gonna, he gonna get it. Yeah, Cut the check.


He definitely gonna get it. But if y'all watch that game, I happen to catch a glimpse of that game. Tyler Hiro shot one of the worst shots I ever seen. He got a steal shot to pull up three. Oh don't you worry. It is loaded up. Get Well Soon First candidate for sure. You have to go dunk the ball bro. You only down, what was it down six, something like that. Think it was down five. It was down five. Yeah. They had enough time to get possession to stop. Yeah it was 40 seconds on the clock. Yeah man he Was ready to go Home bro. He was trying to dip out. Mood tripped out with 2011 to eight. That's somebody else who gotta get up outta there too. He need to go to another program. He can get some buckets too. Man. He been trapped in Chicago. The jazz beat the Blazers yesterday. I'm sure they were not happy about that one. 33 to 1 26 Shady Sharp bought out anyway with 37, 7 and five.


Your boy Kyle Owow be here had 30, 18 to five. He definitely soaked last night. Hey man it happened like that. Ride a couple games like that about that bro. The real pre-game. Yeah I pulled out. He definitely, He definitely slow. He was soaking crazy yesterday. That's Funny. You talk about that. I still laugh at Kevin Bass telling Pat man bro you ever six points bro you coulda got some buttons before the game. That session was not gonna affect your real hoop session after week bro. Fuck your routine. Alright now we here now he that's I see he talking Spice on the internet but Ta lost the held Jo down.


He said hey dog two in a 1 0 1 game you have to score more than 11 points. He was, what'd he say Pat? Ben said hey, he tag all you on Twitter and say hey I, I wanna smoke with all y'all and everybody responded and say Hey Pat bro. Like respect Bro. He keep calling y'all little too. That shit is crazy bro. Hey I, I, I got Twitter so I didn't see that. Yeah he said he wanna smoke with all y'all and then Lou will He said they Small. Yes said all y'all not in game shape. Y'all not athletic no more and I'm about to smoke all that's my time to shine now. Yeah bro. I'm one, I'm different in that one-on-one lane bro. Shine's a PV man. The funny thing about it is Lou will quote tweeted it. He said my first 44 game was against you.


Yeah, little Will did say that Everybody's on board here with Pat And I love it for sure. Nah turned up Pat. He said he won't smoke with all y'all though and he's still pushing it. He said bar stools Pat bed For sure. Man he Trying to pimp me. Niggas out Try to put people at a 360 deal on a 1 0 1 is crazy bro. Man they said Bro I'm better than you Dad. Nigga said well nigga I'm gonna go test the water somewhere else first. Why you sign this D? He try to lock it in. Y'all niggas stupid. He the real dog King. Yeah definitely Chill out pat man.


That's hilarious man. The Clippers took care of the rocks yesterday. 1 34 to one 17. Hey man Big Zoo Trippy dub 2011 to 10 he been hooping out. Kawa had 22 and 10 and James Harden went crazy 35 and 10. Reese, she hooped out his well but man we talk about this Clippers team getting high at the right time Man we looking good man. Big Zoo is cold bro. He is cold Bro. Flat out. He Should have Made the Allstar. He's cold bro. Getting snubbed man. Oh my guys got Snu man. Him And Peasy. Yeah and P supposed to get most improve. We got hurt. I forgot who was even on that damn All Star roster pissed me off. Hey Man I said who should have made it too man, but it's cool bro.


You'll get it next year. Nick McCune hooped out yesterday too. He had a random 15. Who They play first Round My fault Mike Now you good right now it's gonna look out the Nuggets. Damn y'all had a good season on me. Says quiet. Yeah. Yeah we had a good season though. Zoo play Great. Yeah It's time to go home now. Yeah bro. It's time to lock in bro. Go back to your country like ing up the y'all Time for why White violence Bull Zoo been hooping out but he about to see the real deal. Go buy your team zoo. Alright that's serious. How's that going? 4, 2, 4 3. I'm a on some real shit we joke but I think that's a good series.


Yeah, it's, I ain't gonna lie, I don't think. I think that's gonna Be a good series. I'm talking. Yeah, I'm talking shit. I think that it is going be, that might go seven mm I can see seven for sure. Man. That is hilarious man. Listen, I can't wait. Obviously we got a couple games left but solidified. That's four five match. That's a good basketball man. We just had a good tournament. This playout basketball, these matchups stay put. We're gonna have some good rounds for sure. Now the east obviously ain't gonna be as promising as the West so far. But still good playout basketball for sure. Let's go to, yeah that first round is gonna be real sleepy in the, in the east for sure. That four or five matchup, that'd be good. 360 be good as well. Thing just so damn boring bro. Yeah, like I love the calves.


Calves. Who? They gonna play the hawks. That might be a good series. Can y'all, can y'all beat the Bulls nigga? Don't disrespect us. I mean bro, I should say Josh. Giddy balling bro. They might beat this though. I seen white bro. I know. Super said to get you outta here. Fuck around. Aint I'm telling I zoned out for a little bit. You know nigga just said that the bulls could beat the calves Dogs ain the one game. Oh okay. I about Say fuck around probably beat us. I ain't gonna, oh no I I ain't that drunk. Ain't say No shit like that. Shout Kobe white. For some reason I think the heat gonna come out of that. Oh the heat beating the magic. That is crazy. Nah, I'm talking about the a seed that I think the heat gonna be the, I mean yeah, the heat gonna end up beating the A seed.


Oh. And playing the calves first round. That'd be crazy. I mean I don't think the calve would sweep 'em but yeah, I don't think they got any fear in. Well I think the play in the heat probably gonna win that. That play in shit is the Bulls win the play in Come nothing bro. You ain't make it, bro. Yeah, you just didn't make it bro. Y'all know how I feel about the play in. I hate it. Yes Bro. You didn't Make it bro. We just had some crazy moments from like we just talked about Pat Beard bro. Them we, he did in Minnesota, bro. He gets the playoffs bro. That's why they keep Disrespecting him because doing shit like that. He standing on the scores table and shit Bro. He started crying. Yes bro. I did it first.


I solidified the playoffs before. Hey It is crazy In Minnesota. You create, you helped create the players. Yeah. Damn. Wow. So you part of the bullshit. I literally helped create the play parody last game. Win or die. Yeah man, the play you got all year to win. You know who we got out of there too? Best player in the league. Damn. I defeated some of the best. Damn. They beat the Nuggets Hall of Fame. I'm looking for my jacket. Wow. What color? My jacket gonna be camouflage. They gotta put all the teams on. Nigga got no limit patch. Oh for sure man.


Verify bugs be here. Who's getting to it yesterday? Ain't nobody gonna put me the hall of Fame. I'm still waiting for Some shit. Where the fuck Wake Forest at bro? What? Trying tell You go back to school, Go get a degree. He said boy you've been here in what? You Oh Man they going to get iron. Did he go to class? What was our boy that pulled over? Gary? Shout to G The boy. You gonna have to do something. Boy ain't fucking with you right now. I ain't trying to bridge the gap. I quit. Talk about him on the goddamn five. Shout out to Wake for us. We love y'all. We trying to do a live pod tap in for sure. We trying to build a relationship back.


That'd be fun bro. We need Young Nacho and the Raptors. Let's make it happen for sure. 35 And I though bro, Chris Ball. No, we gotta interview Josh Howard Facts. Oh, I know CP wouldn't do it. We already tried to run up on cp. He said Tim Duncan. Woo. We asking for a lot. But you see Tim the game bro. He probably be happy for Outlet right now. I don't think so, bro. I wanna talk. I don't think Tim, he doing what he wanna do bro. Yeah, Tim Chilling. Tim growing. Dres at 40. He What he want do bro. Tim probably surfing and shit. Yeah, facts. Yeah. Tim got the EVP of the thong sandal handle till he probably ain't trying to kick it bro. He he just happy bro. No, sorry. Probably. I still think niggas is out of pocket for wording bro. His jeans off. You not supposed to wear them as no man bro.


I'm sorry bro. Thong signal. Thong sandal bro. You ineligible bro. That's Crazy bro. Got them toes out, that's outta pocket. You don't got no choice but to wiggle your shit bro. The motherfuckers Saying verify bucket. Let's move on. Wiggle. Wiggle What bro? Roll Your feet your toes. You gotta Clarify bro. I swing this motherfucker. I Man. All alright. It's how You know Thursday if we get to wild off for the weekend here For sure. Y'all asking me my favorite five bucket nigga? Me. I'm


ready. Yo. What's good it is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first, played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March madness


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm ready to what? An episode drop at 12. We got the best real coming. Yes sir. This episode 12:00 PM Y'all are legit. About to ruin my day Back in now. Wait for this real to drop. Y'all better tap in at 12. It's about to be some funny shit on the radar. Tap in in the booth. This is legit about to ruin my day. Yeah, Like this is the best shit we ever did. Legendary Andy Freestyles that wasn't there like y'all. Go see the real B head. Hey man James Chain, James Hardt 35, 10. Good win Game blessings to you in the playoffs man.


Nacho, who you got be here dropping his freestyle at 12 today. The that's the very, he don't wanna promote, He doesn't wanna do ass or nothing any other time. That's crazy bro. Oh man. Now, Now you pulling up for the money. No, do not do that Bro. Okay. My bad. My bad. Who you Luca man? 45 86 for sure. I'm gonna show some love with Josh. Giddy man. 28, 16 11. You, that's a game boy balling boy. You about to get that contract for sure. Last a certain least Shout out to J Dub man. 33 75. He was bawling yesterday. Get Well Soon. Who need some encouragement to be here this morning?


Man? I guess Tyler hero man. Y'all said he smoked again. Oh hey he, hey. He tweaked out. I ain't see this one Tyler Porter Look wide open break. It's 40 seconds on the clock bro. 40 seconds on the clock down five oh pulls off of Trey. It's how You know they don't care. You had enough time for you a layup. Get a stop and get another possession. He said I don't want to go home bro. Ball game Paul Jordan's voice. I know what he was thinking though. For real. I want To go home, bro. You know. You know who's so disappointed. Go back a little bit when he first threw the ball. Watch that fan. I I know it's the dumb as shit, but watch the fan jump up in that white hat. Go back. Yeah, you see him? Yeah, he is geek like the gang.


Let's go. He's pissed and he pulled up for three. Oh he's pissed. Had Par had he need two more. Oh shit, bitch. He had the parlay in for sure. Look at it. He's, oh we about to hit the, the old Shit that looks crazy. First Of all, Kobe White really outta pocket for that too. That's crazy. Mm. Pull up three bro. That's crazy dude. It is sick in that white hat bro. With 40 seconds. Look Kentucky's finest. That's crazy. Me is so pissed. Look how hype he was and he pulled up. Damn Get Will soon White Hat. That's who my good will soon is because I know you had that parlay and he wound. Yeah, Tallah Hero pissed his day off for sure.


Alright, T Who you got? Matis? Augh Tie ball. What? Fuck name is Matis? Yeah, Michael Potter. Got it. You know I hoop with pot. You remember we hoop with him? Moot. He used to come to the factory. Yeah, right here he got as punched on but Dang. Hey he From Indiana. I don't know where he from but he used to come to the gym a lot. He was on the G League thing for a while. So it's good to see him make it in the league. Yeah. But yeah, you got your ass punched on Boy. Came off the screen with Bow. Come on, come on back home and hey so I can talk about it. Yeah, that's nasty. And he would've been hurt that year too. Get Well Soon. Yeah, I know Walker Walker Kissel like yes, minor nigga And last but certain at least.


Nah, he like, I would've blocked that shit. Wendell Carter Jr. Oh my Lord. Hey Who was that Jihadi White the fuck? Who is that bro? Nigga, that's when T was born in 88. Oh God. That's how You know they ain't got no numbers in Boss. Hey ain't wearing 88 and there's Brian out there hooping tell us he's got random people on the bench that could just hoop bro. 'cause Key doesn't get no minutes all year. He come and doing shit like this bro Getting done up while nigga that ain't played all year bro. Why do he got his Jersey number is 88. That's sick bro.


Got 97 jerseys retired. That's sick though bro. Eight, Eight bro. Nothing Bro. I gotta get something better than that bro. I went there and said can I get 12? Not no motherfucker wide Receiver bro. 14, no 15, no 16, no 17, 18, 19, no 20, no 21, no 22 bro. No. I said you Coulda gave me a kid Number. Gimme 3 1 7 nigga. Nike che number nigga. Since we acting a fool. What the Hell? I said 31. No, 32. No, you Could have been robbing you could have been 91. Shit. I got all the way to 45, shit. Damn. So just gimme 55. Fuck bro. Look at all those names and numbers. That's ridiculous bro.


Come on bro. You couldn't pick no number. You know, And you a guard. It ain't nothing you can pick bro. And you couldn't be double zero. I can't even pick Double zero Five is fire. You can't get five though. That's my favorite number. Why? Who? Five Kevin Kg. Oh, those are the ones that are retired? Yeah. Oh yeah. Gimme seven. You can't get seven. Who? Seven Jalen Brown. Damn. He is J. Brown. Ain't nobody eight. Kimba Walker was eight when I was there. Okay. Kimba Walker would, But now Derrick White is eight. Damn. Don Nelson. Yeah. Goddamn bro. What can I wear? You can't wear shit bro. That is crazy. Then you gotta wear 88. That's crazy.


That's nasty. And then you gotta count for the nigga that's on the team. Yeah. Offensive line number for sure. Niggas said bro, Y ain't got shit about 80. That's fucked up Bro. Kg gonna have to bro. Kg gonna have to le that motherfucker bro here going dub you. I'm, I'm gonna keep me feeling guitar players. Hey bro, if I, if my number's up here bro. Don't let no sat nigga wear my number bro. That's out pocket. You gonna have to have my blessing for sure, bro. I done did too much work in this jersey for you. Just put somebody random nigga, Bro. I don't agree with that bro. Bro. It was just a number bro. Yes, bro. Goddamn Damn. I'm just trying to hoop. But then y'all just see how Y y 97 bro from wearing 88 bro. Y'all just clowning niggas. That's what I'm saying bro. That's a, That's a football Number. Yes, bro.


That's My Family don't want The jersey with 88 on it bro. Yeah Bro. Yeah, we ain't putting that up in, in the basement bro. What number you got? I barely got your number. 55. Yeah it it is filthy out there bro. Jordan was 27. Nobody want everywhere. Number 27. Seven is assy bro. 44 miles Norris. I should have got that. Why didn't I get 44 when I was out there? Yeah. Yeah that shit available y'all. I'm nothing on 88 bro. Tory Craig got 12. How You come on bro? Reggie Miller bro. 31 ain't You out there playing the 72, retired eight is crazy on bro. 31 retired bro. They, Oh bro, that that's sick For sure.


This is Oh my niggas Cric Maxwell. Yeah, Maxwell. Yeah. You de tried getting 33 or 32. He he'll crash out for real. He might really fight about that 31. He's a damn fool. And You wear 33 Larry? Nah, he ain't a fool. He talking about burning. Oh that's probably little C. Yeah, probably Big C. Say say cool. Say cool. Yeah, say that's cool. Used to probably crash out man. I mean a little bit. He talk crazy but he cool, cool. He cool. No, I'll tell you right now. Vernon Maxwell number is not retiring nowhere it should be and Florida should be. He got some of the most buckets ever. But You know. You know how that story went already? I think so. I was on that cane killing a Niggas I He said you could fail one drug test.


I been one every week. Legend for sure. Listen man, we'll be back next week. Can't wait. We got the five 20 awards. The first teams all five 20. We gonna have the official stuff getting ready for the playoffs, man. We can't wait. The playoff purpose will be a little bit different than the morning show, but we still gonna be here for y'all to keep Y out through the playoffs for show. We appreciate y'all be safe. We'll see y'all Monday morning five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains a lot in large part because of a scrawny six foot two Hoover who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount West. Wha Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The Name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.