
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp NA person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can Call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill For a foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


What's good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For More. check out Bose dot com.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Wednesdays five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite morning sports show here to keep you updated. Everything sports related, especially basketball. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. I got my two Esteem co-host joined with me up here. I got Bishop Hendrick to my left, to my right. I got my brother Teague Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? Chilling bro. What's happening? What's happening with it? I'm tired of doing this shit. Quit but Too late. Shout out to the contract. What that little kid say? I hate this church as top. I mean of all time. That's how I feel. I hate this church. Hate, I hate this church. It's crazy. Yeah, I wonder what he doing now. Yeah, We need to have a follow up with all kids.


Remember you had the the, the v reels classic and we need to have a follow up on all people. 'cause the Golden Marcus documentary was crazy. To see him as a teenager in the dope was funny. I hate this church. Funny For sure. Hey man, so great basketball last night. Shout out to the cup man. The playing tournament. Everybody thought it was gonna be a joke but it's always been giving us great basketball since, since his obsession last year starting off we had, you know what I'm saying? The ball of the East, the Cavs and the Celtics. Man, really, really good game. 1 21 17 win by the Celtics. Tatum went crazy yesterday. 33, 12 and seven. Your boy Al Horford man. Every time it's a big game. He shows up. Yeah, 27. Another 19 from Derrick White man. Did y'all check the game out last night? Yeah, I watched that whole game actually I knew that it was lose though.


You thought Cavs gonna lose. I said it yesterday on the show. I knew it. You had, I mean it Was close though. It was a close close win though. For sure. For themselves Man. Listen, tough environment to play in in Boston. But listen, we can start with the, with the Cavaliers. What do you take from that loss for them? Teague, that's a good team right there. I mean Darius Garland played terrible yesterday. He had a bad night. Very unusual for him this season. He had a bad one but for them to come back like they did, they were down big, they fall back, made it a game. Donvan Mitchell, fantastic that game. He is impressive bro. Him and Jason Tatum was battling and out and that's just really two really good teams. For sure. For sure. Man, listen Yo Yo Donovan Mitchell take is looking better and better each day man.


He's had a smooth 35 and eight yesterday. One thing I will say about the Cavs that I really saluted yesterday was one I saw the leadership in Donovan Mitchell that everybody doubted last year when things weren't going to best in last year. They said he was pouting trying to get paid, didn't care about his team. They had a timeout where they had like, you know where they micd up and he talked about, hey, if we playing like this in the first quarter, we shooting this bad and they still doing this. We good. I saw the people look at him like, all right we locked in. Yeah. Yeah. So just for that, to see him step up as a leader as he's playing well is dope to see. For sure. Also they missed Isaac Curl last night. I know the Celtics little looking for kp. But I saw the clear distinguish between those two teams is listen, JB and JT two the best wings in the world and if you wanna compete with them you gotta have somebody for them because they picked on DG and Sam Merl all night last night.


Oh yeah. They kept switching that, getting them switches every night. But the thing was Sam Merl was competing. He wasn't bad on defense actually he was kind of getting some stops. That kind of surprised me. I played with Sam in Milwaukee and he a competitor but he did, he did a lot of good things that I was surprised he could shoot that ball though. No, he ended up getting hot in that third, hitting a couple of thirds and have him come back. For sure The kid Porter off the bench play well too man. Shout out to him and I, you know I was gonna bring that up 'cause you always talk about how great Kennedy access it with the guard situation. Yeah, we showed love to Tyrone but yeah, Craig Porter Jr. Yesterday. He kept him afloat in the second quarter. Yeah because nobody else was scoring besides Donovan. Yeah, he came out hoop man your opportunity was was given to you. He made the most of it right there. Facts Best of seven.


Who wins? I mean Boston probably gonna win. They proven Champs. What you what show Six games, seven games. Five. They probably beat 'em at six. Man. Cleveland gonna play good at Cleveland like they can score the ball. They gonna play well. But they two stars have to be great in big moments And Don Mitchell's been, has proven to be good in the playoffs and have big moments but Darius Garland haven't had those moments yet. Yeah, he's gonna have to have one of those playoff runs where he has a good, you know he is gonna have high highs and lows but he has a have that moment where he has a big playoff and they lose. Then he come back next year knows what it takes to win and boom he gets over the hump.


Yeah, Most definitely. And shout to Evan Moby yesterday plays high at 20 20 11. I just wish he, I guess him a little bit more VC for his handles bro. Once he gets that squared away then he gonna be all the way there bro. He's already nice bro. Nah, he cold. He is a dog but that traveling stuff be crazy. It be like bro just go crazy like you got the, you got the spacey be pushing the transition just like he gets to three point line then shit just get wicked. But hey man he's a dog and like you said Darius Garland's not gonna play that bad again. Three for 21. You getting a close game with your, your all star playing that bad. Like it is something to look forward to for that team. For sure. That's a hell of a sta line. Jira Allen a animal bro. He was getting all them offensive boards. He was a Bro stretch bro. He was hooping, he was playing.


Well they, I mean it's actually a good team. I would like to see that in the Eastern conference finals. Yeah, it was an exciting game. It was fun to watch for sure man, shoot nothing but threes y'all this and that's why I said I gotta show respect to the Cavs. 'cause what the Celtics hit what? 22 3, something crazy like that And they still weather their storm still came back down, down near 20. It's just different man. When you got players like Drew Holiday, like when you got players like Peyton Pritchard like Sam House, like though the role players for the Celtics don't mess up, they don't make mistakes. They do what they supposed to do and then you just got everybody doing what they supposed on their team. Shout the G Wagon. My dog Jordan Yang, he was out there. The minivan? Yeah he was out there hooping too. Was that a flop? Nah man, he got was a push up Man. Was that a push off for a cross?


Nah, Jason Tatum crossed him up. They saying it Streets are saying it's a, it is a push off step on It was. Nah it was good mood jt. And what'd he say when he walked off? Fuck outta here. He sad ass nigga. I Liked that. You know why he did that though? 'cause George talked the most shit. Oh okay. He is the most shit talking dude. Yeah I love George bro. He been like that since he was a rookie. He talked shit. Yeah. Shout out to the minivan. Before we get off this topic, what do you think the Cavs need to be able to compete with the Celtics and the East? 'cause right now I think those clearly are the best two teams. Do they need another wing to compete more with their team more you said more players? Yeah you need more people. I'm I'm just saying the seventh DAU team They probably need another wing.


Isaac, Carl, he could play defense. I don't know. His offense is not where his defense is but they probably need one more wing. They get another wing. It'll be, it'll be a good series. Yeah man I would like for them to go all out this season go get a, you know what I'm saying? A disgruntle wing or somebody who just wants to come get a chip and to help them compete in the Eastman but they saw a team, it's a great game yesterday for sure. I wouldn't be mad if they went and got a Kyle Kuzma if Kuzma was playing like we know he can't play Likers Scott like Yeah like playing defense and make end threes type of Kta. I'm Whiling, I'm trying to get 30 Cosman. Yeah but he wouldn't be a bad wing for him to have. I mean he got, you know he taller wing What he like 6 8, 6 9 Ks. The motto ain't it right now though.


He got a, he got a tap back. They need a dog. For real? Yeah he too tender. Right. It's gonna come in there and fit the mold right away. Yeah they got some going then Shout out to Great Game yesterday. Another great game. Lakers and Jazz. Man we didn't think it was gonna be a good game but it turned out to be a crazy one. Your boy West side Connect. You was high on him man going into the draft. Did this thing yesterday. Special player bro. Bro the real white boy in la, you know what I mean? He already passed Austin. Austin Reeves Up. He better bro. I told you he better than Austin Reeves Bro. Man listen 1 24 1 18 Victory over the Jazz yesterday for the Lakers. Don Connect went crazy yesterday. 37 points nine for 12 and three Rookie score record high so far this season and tie won for the F franchise.


Man he went insane. What's crazy is Ad had 26 and 14 and LeBron had 26 and 12. Yeah so they really won that game yesterday. No for sure bro. But he he special bro. He gonna give y'all more games like that this year. I ain't saying he gonna average 30. Of course not but 'cause he got them two other guns on the team but he gonna have a great year bro. He special. I spoke with him before he even got drafted though. You Did. You were very, very High him Tennessee Legend, you know what I mean? But it is what it is. Hey man think I think AD is is probably gonna be front runner for MVP this year. Most definitely Lakers the Lakers still playing well with they 10 for Yeah on the sixth game winning streak too. Yeah ad averaging 30 and 11.


He from running for MVP. I know yo is just playing outta his mind too. But to see what Anthony Davis is doing with that Laker team that we think is kind of under man I would say, I mean with LeBron ad I guess now connecting Reeves other than that they struggle you're what's his name, Ru he being out for a while. Anthony Davison took on a leader of the team basically. I mean LeBron's still there but ad is the go-to Guy and he's been playing great. Most definitely man and One thing that people giving JJ a lot of praise for. They say they keeping it simple. He's running everything through his best players and making them be comfortable and they can tell they're playing totally different basketball than they played with Darvin Hy last year. Yeah, gotta show some respect to that as well. But show some love to the Jazz. They competed yesterday as much as the Lakers went crazy yesterday.


They still almost lost his game. Lloyd Marking was killing 25 and eight. You had 18 A peace from Jordan Clarkson, Keay George, my dog and your boy Wake Forest, John Collins Sexton hat 19 man a lot of people auditioned to go to the Lakers last night. Damn. John's still out there. Yeah man after eight dunked on him. We know it's been spooky but he's still here doing his thing. He that contract was signed, that's all that mattered. Nah John, my man 19 pick just like me outta Wake Forest always got love for him for sure. But yeah, I mean I could see some of these players we just mentioned being in other teams to help contribute. I don't know what the Jazz is doing. Obviously we know they ain't trying to win but I could see Jordan Clarkson helping somebody as a six man. I could see a Kyle Sexton being a dog for another team. Yeah I know Lori Market was an offseason situation but they're still trying to move around Walker Kessler, they got a lot of pieces that could really help some teams man.


Yeah Colin Sex and Mike stay though. They just got him. They might let him rock out. Nah, It's time for him to go. Yeah he gotta be free man. You don't, he don't deserve to do being That long. This is my second year Jordan Clarkson. It's time for him to move on too. Yeah Jordan for sure. Free to real. I think they keep calling bro. I'm trying to think of a team that could use Jordan Clarkson, another six man that could score the ball off the bench. Probably like a Milwaukee Bucks. He would be perfect for that team. Yeah they needed, you know what I'm saying, a young wing that could, you know what I'm saying, get a bucket. Listen you know the way that he plays basketball playoff team could definitely use his stance for sure. Yeah but I don't know if teams wanted to give up with their probably looking to get, 'cause obviously the Jazz they're not giving up nothing for the love. 'cause this whole summer they was taxing people.


They say you want lower marketing, you gonna pay this fee. You got to though Best player though he Superstar. But even what they were saying in the other trades they was like nah you, you going somewhere around here you gonna pay the tax ain't coming off nothing for the love. They ain't playing at all. Yeah 18 to six. I mean we know Larry Mark is capable of being 20 and 10 like light work situations. It's crazy that he left the Bulls anyway. That nigga look just like Andre Caro bro. I swear to God I'm still laughing at you. Send the real white boy LA That's crazy. The dog of that pass officer reads that quick man. Yeah bro He you know ar do his thing bro. But it's the connect time bro. Ar the point guard West side connection is a better, better name than ar bro. That's hard. That's that's raw bro. Who Rap video.


He gotta be it out with. What number AR where? 15? Yeah AR 15. Ah that's harder. AR 15 Is harder. That is hard. That's hard. You dont connect with Yeah but West Side Connection bro is West Side Connect is far. What dog? Where it for? I believe so Connect four? Yeah it's Connect four. Yeah. Special kid right there man. You holler him? For sure man. Hey if you like he the old as hell Chill out bro. That nigga 23 is a real 23 out rookie. No he season bro. He did what he supposed to man what's Crazy? They used to be normal. It used to be normal. You having come people coming in at 2223 'cause they did four years in college. It's just like dang we shaming now. Yeah it ain't cool no more but you gotta come in the league and kill like that.


You know what I mean? Because if you old, if you old ass rookie they gonna find a way to send you down to the G league and get you out of there. Yeah that is true. If you, you know what I'm saying, they look at that age way too serious in that situation. Lakers y still feel like they can contend in the West? No I'm asleep but they playing good. I mean I they got they can 'cause they got two really top 10 players in the league. Anthony Davis is a top five player at any moment in the league. When he is, when he is on, yeah when he is playing, when he is healthy right now he a top five player in the league and LeBron just off of Pure Greatness is always gonna be a top 10 player because he is capable of having nights like he did last night or he capable going for four triple doubles in a row. So having them two players at one time on the same team, you got a chance.


Most definitely. That's why I said they they one of 'em teams that you just don't wanna see in the playoffs unless you like one or two. I don't want to have to be LeBron four times. I don't wanna have to be LeBron ad four times bro. That's, that's tough to deal with for sure. I want ad on this. Yeah about MVP season like you said bro he going crazy right now. Salute man.


The ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination and season turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the drafting sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I Wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart women's sports and deep blue sports and entertainment on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Hey this is Kyle Brans. You're busy. I'm busy but every single Monday we take 10 minutes to dish out 10 takes NFL Life, whatever, but never more than 10 minutes. It's 10 takes with Kyle Brant driving home from work. You got time for 10 takes taking a smoke break, you still smoke, you got time for 10. Takes hiding in the bathroom at work. You got time for 10 takes. Listen to 10 takes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast with Bobby Hot Cloud Storage. Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com


Philadelphia. They come and give us content every single day. Shout out to them. Allegedly. Kyle Law called a team beating. I always love when we hear about these team beatings, the players call the players only beatings that end up going out to the world allegedly. Tyrese Maxey challenged o and b and told him, Hey bro, stop showing up late for shit. Real shit though bro. Was he out of pocket but telling Him that? No bro, the youngster shouldn't be having to check you about shit bro. Y'all supposed to be training me like to be a better vet or be a better pro. I should say like shouldn't no way Tyrese Maxey is telling Joy unb like get your shit together. I'm nothing bro. I I said that yesterday. I think sometimes people just don't care.


No. Like sometimes it ran its course and people would just like whatever bro. And I think it might have been that moment, you know what I mean? He might not be rocking with how things is going that way and Joelle just like whatever. And people will write me yesterday talking about I was hating on PG or whatever. I don't know I just just got a whole bunch of DI wasn't hating no pg I'm saying he came to a situation where it might have just ran his course. You know what I mean? It is like I'm not comparing him Tobias Harris and I'm not hating on Tobias Harris. I'm, I like Tobias Harris and I like pg but I think he got put in a situation where now he gonna be Tobias Harris 'cause Joel don't care or seem not to care right now And Tyrese is out.


So now everybody looking towards you like we paid you. It's time for you to show up and you like damn I came here to be the third option to chill. I came to help y'all. I ain't come to be that. Yep. And now they put you in a place like Tabs Harris where they wanted you to be something else but you ain't Sign up for that. You came here because you was ready chill. You always say you cool with being the, you know robing. Yeah. So that's true. But he was cool Even being who was after robbing Alfred? Nah, he ain't making a play. He ain't Alfred he, I'm just saying because bad man Tyrese was robbing. He was like shit I'm cool being Alfred. Like I'm chilling. But now they trying to move Alfred to Batman.


Tell him to put the suit on and he is like shit that's crazy. Nah brother, this is, I ain't signed up for that. I make the plans. I ain't out here doing that Same hell yeah, I feel you though. Shit. And I, you know what I give it the Vince Carter effect with pg. It's just like, you know sometimes you go into situations to where you think this is the piece that gets you over the hump but it's just like damn the year before was our best situation. Yeah. Look at what happened with Vince and the Nets. Look where in Orlando still a great player but PG is a hall of famer. I saw y'all in the comments being weird about that. Paul George is one of the coldest to play basketball. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you don't believe us that's cool. But go look at the generation of kids who play basketball who they all say their favorite player is. That's not just something random effect Hall of Fame. I mean Vince made the Hall of Fame if Tmac made the Hall of Fame Paul George making the Hall of Fame. Yeah.


And as much as as we get Flacked to P pgs, you know what I'm saying? Those go ahead buckets or whatever. Look at his playoffs, that's too, but Vince Was a dog though though that you mentioned Vince Carter. I just, and I see what you're saying but yeah, Yeah, yeah. Not comparing but just you know coming into the team Too late Vince came but when Vince came to the ness he came to rock bro like I'm coming to kill with y'all. Like Paul George, like bro said wanted to you know, let me get my 20 quietly. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like Vince took over a lot of the games like and didn't give a fuck But when Vince went to the Nets, he came as the first option. This is him. Yeah. He came Like Vince was The beat A guy Jason. That's why I say more than the Orlando situation. Orlando like he was a little later in his years they had the white Saying Because that was first final thinking that was about go back we Compare this team Paul George is Richard Jefferson on that next might Be keeping but nah he, he Richard Jefferson.


That's what he trying to, that's what he's trying to be as a role player but not to me. And don't even be about the money bro. You a killer. If your team is struggling at some point, fill that void until we get back. Right. You can step and be, you know what I mean? Alfred all you want bro. But we need you to hop in this bad mobile. It's easier said than done. 'cause when your expectations look I was hurt. I got hurt but he sprained his knee or whatever. Yeah hyperextended his knee. So he's still trying to whip himself in the game shape. So, and still trying to fit into a new organization and team, new team new role. Okay, well if that's the case, I understand that. Yeah. Okay.


So I get why he might not be as aggressive right now. Like you damn you damn near messed your knee up. Yeah I get that. But you also came in here like well I don't gotta be that aggressive 'cause we know Joelle about to get 25 touches. I know Tyrese about to shoot 20 times my 15 shots I'm make, I'm gonna make seven, eight of them. I'm gonna be smooth. And now he's still doing that. Yeah because he ain't playing terrible. No like when you look at his stats it's just that we want more because Joel out or Tyree out. We like nah, we remember Paul George getting 40 or 35 or 28 and he like well shit I ain't there. I ain't where I'm at no more. I came here to you know ride Off. That's just tough for me man.


But I see when you explain it like that I understand though. I get it. I Got a question for y'all. Well first I'm gonna ask bn, what if you was in that locker room? What you saying bro? Because I know you got a lot to say about this team. Nah, I just, nah for real. I will be on him beat ass like bro come on we you the leader of the team bro. Step it up bro. I ain't, you know Tyrese probably talk like Kirk Franklin, you feel me? I'm Charles Barkley now in that motherfucker going crazy like somebody gotta be the leader of the team bro. And then I asked you t for the situation where PG Tell Paul George quit all that soft ass shit. Why Adrian Broner no boy shut that soft ass shit Adrian Broner beard. The source of inspiration is always questionable.


Shout out to a B the goat. But I ask you this because we looked like the the PG situation as it is frame, you know, one to go to Golden State or other situations and it looked like the sixes was a rush or a last miss situation. Is that on hell for not doing his due diligence to see how the organization was ran? Or is it like oh Joel B for not having that culture to bring him there? Ah nah it's a, he didn't, let's make it clear. I don't know pg, I mean I know him but I don't know what his thought process was. But that wasn't his first option. Not at all. It was kind of like a Minnesota, I'm not gonna say a Minnesota situation with me. I mean he wanted to go once he seen the money Yeah. Or whatever. But we knew that wasn't his first option.


He wanted to stay in la. Right. His second option was his dad said the Lakers Right. It then Golden State probably was his third option, which they couldn't get it figured out. So the next best thing was up next was Philly. It ain't a bad option. You got Joel and Bead and y'all gonna pay me the most. Yeah. Shit. All right. Fuck it. But you know your hard, you know his hard went in there for a guy who left an organization like the Pacers who you were the go-to guy. They was gonna give you everything you wanted, all the money in the world 'cause you wanted to get to la they traded you to OKC, you signed back, get money and then force your way to la you know what I mean? You know he didn't wanna leave the west coast.


Yeah. So that had to be a last resort right there. So and and it's showing. Yeah. And and it's clearly showing. That's why I was like, I I ain't mad at him but I understand like bro he just like I'm in a situation I got to, they paid me what I wanted. Fuck we gonna figure it out. But that's crazy that that Tyree Maxey the bet on that team. I don't like that bro. Free Tyree bro. Y'all know I been telling on Tyrese been dragging now my boy stressed out. He hurt. Get him outta there. But Let's get to The joke. Forced to hand bro. Did y'all see where they, the video they posted? They were just like during the TV where everybody else arguing. They had Jeremy mcc Kaney and the TikTok. Hey that boy. Wow. I told y'all boy I punch with him. He don't care. Pissed.


He probably having a ball Kill it. I'm in the NBA them people is is gassing bro. His social media is going through the roof. I love it. The Dookies bro. They are still standing behind Jared McCain bro. Who's A better rookie? Jared McCain or West Side Connect? Jared. Jared. Okay. All because of his foolishness off the court. I would've made a YouTube. Dalton Is locking in. Dalton is 40 is different. I would've made a YouTube after the meeting. I That be fine. Just had a meeting started dancing. Tyrese was pissed at at Joelle but fuck it. The Voiceover. Yeah I was started doing my nails today. Whatever you doing whatever This tiktoks are crack.


It ain't never just no I ain't gonna say it ain't no cool. Everybody you know level cool is different. But it is always that boy is treading the line boy Hey listen man y'all outta pocket on Twitter 'cause y'all been tagging us. They was like we wonder who leaked it And they been quote tweeting ej hey don't do that to fall 20 alumni though. Right? Yes it follow Definitely Eric definitely leaked it. Eric was the first Charleston. Eric definitely leaked it. He was like I didn't Sign up for this shit. Shoulda as in what Greeter Told his last day we had the interview. We'll be alright man. No the fuck yeah. Aint I just playing Bri EJ man give our dogs.


That's too funny as fuck every how so fucked up having, I always think about this nigga grass ain't greeter. I said he wanted be an old head. So Ain't Oh man shout I told you so but hey listen three and eight Sixers if, when does Joelle sitter down man? Because obviously they ain't getting back that I don't believe in this team has the will to give a fuck to get back into the playoff contention at one point. Do they decide all right this ain't work. We gotta cut our losses. Dang about that. What you mean just sitting down? I mean as far as like looking at the operation difference, like you said maybe looking forward to sitting him down but I would say maybe 10, 20 games later. But I give what you sitting down for, they gotta give it to game 40.


Like I think they actually gonna make a run. To be honest, I think that team meeting gonna doing well think they gonna win like four or five in a row. Mm. And then when Maxi get back I think they gonna start hooping. You know what's funny, I would love to see the stat of the wins and losses after these teams having the players only beating. If somebody could keep stats to that, that would be fire. I would love to see the, I bet a couple of those meetings have, have they went well I laughed through all of them. How many people left the team after some of those meetings? Jimmy got everybody trade. Jimmy got a bunch of people traded. We got Roco now, then we had a team meeting when we got Roco. I got traded. Who else team I was on. We had a team meeting. I was in Boston.


We had a team meeting. I got traded Milwaukee, I retired. We had a team meeting. I retired pretty bad outcomes with every type of team meeting. Oh Atlanta. We had a team meeting. We went on a 18 game win streak. Like we went on a crazy run. We lost like beginning of that season we had that crazy season. We started off kind of bad. We was like two and four something. We wasn't good. Yeah. And we had a team meeting and we went crazy. What was That about though? They didn't feel like y'all had the chemistry no more or what? We were like just not playing well 'cause the year before Al was hurt. Yeah he had tourist peck. He had came back and we kind of had built some chemistry with like perel and like we was used to playing a certain way 'cause Perel shot threes.


I didn't shoot threes and we just had to get used to playing with Al and we just wasn't having a good season at the beginning of the year. And then it all just clicked and all of a sudden things started going well for us and we end up figuring it out. That's crazy. Before we get off this topic, when you had a team meeting, you said you got traded. Did you find out like immediately or they were just like, you know what, don't, don't worry about shooting up today. Or they sat you out shooting around. Nah, the funniest shit, the funniest trade. First time I got traded was who I get traded. That was in Indiana to Indiana. I was at home. I was here but I had requested that trade so I wouldn't count that. But the first unexpected, it was still kind of like unexpected though. You know how you tell somebody you wanna get traded but you really don't want to.


Like I was in the a, I loved Indiana, I loved the Atlanta. Like I'm like well trade me if y'all ain't gimme an extension, gimme a trade. They like, we gonna send you to Philly. That's a spider. What the fuck? Oh my bad. They like, we going, we gonna trade. That shit was crazy. They like, we gonna trade you to Philly. This one Philly was ass. I'm like hell nah. I was like nah, they like, we gonna trade you to Philly. They gonna give us a first round pick. I'm like man what the fuck? Damn. I'm like, oh man. Not they told you but they was gonna get for you. That's crazy. Yeah, they like yeah we gonna do that. And then I forgot, I think Brett Brown was the coach and he was like yeah you gonna get an opportunity to, you know, average 25 points, whatever.


I'm like this shit about to be asked. Then Coach Bud pulled me to the side, had dinner and was like, I don't want you to leave. I'm like man it ain't for me no more, blah blah blah. He's like, where you wanna go? I was like Indiana. He was like, I got you. I traded. It happened. Cool. Now when I got traded from Minnesota, I was talking shit. So I saw it with Minnesota. Whatever. We having a game. We playing a pace with actually. Mm. I'm killing I think. Who was y'all got team? I think y'all had a little white dude at this song. I don't even remember. Maybe it's Darren Coon, one of them. I was having a good game and I think it had like eight and a quarter. The end of third.


I'm like yeah going to the fourth. I'm like yeah, go ahead get a 20 piece before I get outta here. I'm coming off the bench too and I ain't sat back in. They was like T bo got you. I'm like the fuck, fuck you doing? These coaches is trash man. These niggas is trash. I gotta get Ryan Sanders out. He called, he texted me yesterday. Shout to him though. But I was like man he trash, I'm talking to him. So Ryan is trash. He was at that time. But he guy I loved to always say he was trash. He was like, why would you take me out just at eight and a quarter like what we doing? He was like, but I didn't get back in the game. So the next morning I'm like I'm going to Ryan, like we gotta talk about this shit man, fuck that. Like you got me fucked up. I go in the office, I'm like Ryan what's up man?


And Ryan my age, he like man you know how you doing all this Dude walk in was like, hey just a guy I was looking for. INBA is a joke man. I was like huh? He's like just looking for you. You're getting traded today. Whoa. I was like what? Huh? So you know he try to my heart drop. I like huh? He like you getting traded. You gonna be happy where I'm sending you. I'm like a playoff team's even better Atlanta. What the fuck? I mean I know I told that story before but that shit just hurt. I hear a trauma in my book. That shit was hurt. Like that shit hurt. I ain't gonna lie. Send that nigga back home.


But keeping the real ghost wrong. I was like, I'm looking at Ryan the whole time. I'm just like, no. Is he, is he looking away? Yeah he like looking all around like I like Did you do this last night? Yeah. Ron got that slip early. Yeah like I wouldn't even got the game like he should have told me I would've just, I real see this nigga playing too hard tonight. Yeah. Sitting down was like no injuries not about to mess his trade up. That nigga d already on. You were Sham got away from this train. So please Sit your ass down. Get his ass outta there. Hey what's crazy is y'all remember we're here at tomorrow got traded at a half time. Yeah. That's how that shit felt.


That's what I'm saying. I wonder if it's just fraud coaches just be like man fuck the script. Hey nigga this is why you not playing. They about to send your ass here tomorrow so just sit Here. Nah, something like that though. It's something like that. But they won't tell you. I know a couple they have worked for the Pacers organization. I won't snitch 'em out. But there's some people who will be real about that situation. Especially depending upon they Sational organization too. If they about up outta here, they about to move around. Mike Woodson was like that and Larry Drew shout to Woody. Woody was the realest though. I ain't, I ain't rock with Woody but Rudy was real though. He he'll tell you, Hey man it's my last year. I'm not about to be playing you. You was a rookie man. I'm trying to win and get another job man. I don't got time to be guessing with your ass. I said damn. He sound just like you too though. I was like that's real.


Yeah man, shout out to the Hawks man. Shout out to them. You gotta Go through line in Atlanta. Boy. You have survival of the fittest. Boy. Still wearing the hat bro. I got some, I got some good news about the Hawks man. So okay, after the show turn me up. Yeah for sure. You getting a statue it ain't gonna look like D Wades. We got you bro. We gonna make sure to get you get the statue. That motherfucker gonna be the size of Iverson though. The real option, not Tre.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna Be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart women's sports and deep blue sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Hey this is Kyle Brans. You're busy. I'm busy. But every single Monday we take 10 minutes to dish out. 10 takes NFL Life, whatever. But never more than 10 minutes. It's 10 takes with Kyle driving home from work. You got time for 10 takes taking a smoke break. You still smoke, you got time for 10. Takes hiding in the bathroom at work. You got time for 10 takes. Listen to 10 takes on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or Wherever you Get your podcast.


Wasabi Hot Cloud storage. Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com.


A little bit of of NFL news. The Jets fire the go. What's new the all not much to talk about there. They had fired everybody. I don't know who is left. Aaron Rogers is about to become the GM of the jet next year when he steps down. Probably he should be done playing football at this point. Man. He's fucked. Yeah he I have nothing to say about them. Shout to the goat man. You go ahead and retire on a high note man. I don't know if it's a high note but just go ahead and leave bro. You Rogers. He taking everybody out with 20 years in the game man. You stamped. He need no brown Hall of Fame. You got the numbers. Just chill out bro. They'll hit you some hoes and chill out bro. Why y'all trying to put hoes on here Buddy? Man you saying bro, just go out with a bang Bro. Shout to a rob man. Give well soon to the Ho Jesse organization.


Shout to Russell Westbrook. Man made history last night. 200th career. Triple double the most ever in a history. I ain't never had a triple double boy. He got 200 to spare for him. Took care of the g. Ain't 1 22 to one 10. Nah Motherfucker passing. You was doing, I had a Bunch of double doubles. I ain't never getting no board. All the rebounds. Yeah you played with a lot of players. Yeah it was. Yeah Them niggas used to get mad. If you got rebounds You had three Al Horford. Get the fuck outta there. Get outta here. What you doing down here? Playing with my numbers? Yeah. Facts. Josh. Get outta here. Josh. The first one Say that shit to me. I'm problem win. I stopped blocking out 'cause of that shit. This is a coach y'all. That's I'm a coach but that's the NBA a's about stats like in college and high school, it's about winning.


Yeah. NBA you wanna win but you gotta get your stats and win. That's a fact. They used to be like why you get out here Good, That's some good game. Nah. Yeah why that ain't your job? Let me do my job And then they be mad when somebody else get offense rebound. I'm blame out. Nah Nigga it is your job and you was more fourth 'cause Kyle was, he didn't give a two shits about Rebound. Kyle wouldn't even leave it back. Kyle was a rebound to guard though. But I'm saying though like with them you probably felt more away than him. What about Rebounding? Like when he, like if he tell, if they telling him like nigga move around like oh I didn't give A you, I didn't want go rebound. I learned my lesson. I got a elbow from Dwight Howard. My nose got busted, My tooth got Pushed back. I said yeah I'm cool. Smart man Orlando.


Yeah I tried. You know how you actually figured DW white nigga get the rebound, he try to like steal it from you. Oh. And he turned around. Damn I never tried stealing. I I want no rebound. Not your tooth Back Scar. I was cool off of rebound. Like what? Cool Bro. That's crazy. Nah listen that's a lesson right there. The NBA is a business as much as people feel like they get paid too much money, however it is still their job and everybody got performance based incentives at they job. So facts, them stats is the reason why people get paid. But hey Jamal Murray look good last night. 27 to six Freaky porter. 24 and 11. Westbrook 12, 14 to 10. Man I'm happy to, Russell Westbrook is getting the respect he deserves. Listen we was all questionable about how he was gonna be indifferent but so far it looks so good man.


Yeah he at the end bro. I think he chilling now this is the Paul George that, you know this is what Paul George wanted. Like Yeah he wanted to steal like I can come and contribute bro but on me bro he getting paid whatever He that's what Yeah Oh 5 million he getting that minimum. Yeah. Yeah. And Paul George getting 40, 50 a year. So it's a big difference. It is, it is. But I'm just talking about the mentality. Nah, both of them probably had the same mentality going into these respective teams. Russell, Russell a dog bro. He top 75 H Fame, MVP. Hopefully he can get the chip. I just hate the way that like the Lakers team was towards his legacy. I hate that man. 'cause the way he was disrespected in that time period.


And obviously he didn't always play the best, the best Started him fought though bro. The Russell Westbrook always been painted as like a menace in the league and everybody that didn't play with him bro. So he damn near the best teammate they ever had. Yeah bro. Facts bro. Solid one all around bro. Yeah I don't, I think it was, I'm blame Darvin bro. Blame Darvin bro. Yeah I just feel like he should, I mean that little tarnish on his career is crazy bro. 'cause Russell Ru like you said Hall of Fame first ballot top 75. One of the best point guards ever bro. Coldest don't nobody got 200 triple doubles bro. Yeah and what's crazy is Yos is already climbing on that list bro. I think he's like buck 30, buck 20. He's damn near fourth on that list already. Yeah that's pretty impressive Too. He he don't give a damn But he averaged a triple double for what, two seasons in a row.


Come on bro. That's incredible bro. Three three. It was three even I I thought it was two but yeah that's even, that's crazier Bro. In this era of basketball bro. Like shout out to Oscar but Hey different bro. One of the craziest athletes legend, he one of the craziest athletes ever Bro. Yeah Oscar wasn't that athletic bro Like that. Do you know how hard you gotta play even though Steven Adams and them people always talk about he blocked people out on Brook go get the rebound go talk about that. Yep. But like shit like you just said I people used to black out people and I still would miss the rematch like to this day like at the factory what fuck people be coming me, I'll miss it like it's impression you Gotta have a knack for that bro.


Yeah But you gotta have the energy and the effort too though bro. Yeah The one like you said really like for him to do that getting 10 rebounds in the NBA game as a six three guard is crazy bro. It's crazy. And the average that shout out to him bro, he won all time greats man. And even the the Nipsey tribute game, the 20 20 20 come crazy. You get 20 rebounds in the game as a guard is. Exactly. Yeah you could even put your mind up to do that. Yeah, Yeah bro, him and Rondo was always at the top for me. I'm sure it was other great rebounding guards but them ones always the two top for me. Oh For sure bro. And when you mentioned Tre young stat yesterday being like Rondo, I went back and looked at some old Rondo games where Rondo may had six points that didn't have like t assist 15 rebounds like Ron used to dominate games and not have more than 10 Points.


He maximized playing with three other great players bro to have kg Paul and Ray at your disposal bro you you out of pocket to get 6 cents A game. Yeah I hated playing Rondo. I can only imagine you too active. Yeah he would 'cause he would go under the he it's called the dunker. He would play in the dunker. So yeah explain that at the, he would play under the basket. So most guards play out on the perimeter. Bigs being a dunker, they get dunks and stuff but Rondo was different. You'll see Drew how do this every now and then too. He'll play in a dunker below the basket. He'd get offensive rebounds. Rebounds, quick lay ins and stuff like that. Yeah. So he would pass the ball to ticketing them and just cut and go to the dunker and you like man what the fuck.


So you down there they shoot, he down there trying to get an offensive rebound. So you trying to block out guards like now in high school you work on blocking out but in the NBA guards don't work on blocking out. Yeah And he would be getting offensive rebounds kicking him out for threes or doing them fake passes and all that shit. He was just a nightmare to play 'cause he was always moving but he wasn't a known as a shooter at that time. So still be effective like that. You had to be a hell of a smart player and a good player. So you run around all game with him For sure. What Nigga you blocking out? You doing all the stuff you don't practice when you play Rondo on Westbrook. Like obviously Westbrook was more of a scorer. Yeah So you getting ISO post up and then he gonna go for the offensive rebound so you getting a whole full game when you play him.


Like and then he don't give, not saying he can't play defense but he ain't really give a fuck. Yeah Like he'll give you effort, he'll try, he'll reach but if you score he like all right bitch you know you gotta guard me. He'll run full head of steam at you. Mind you you got kd, James Hart and all these other dudes on the team and he don't give down like you know what I mean? I remember one time we played in Atlanta and we was beating him the whole game. I was having a pretty good game. It was my last year in Atlanta. We ended up winning the game. I ended up having a good fourth quarter or whatever but the whole game we was beating him. It was a smooth game to all sudden they got KD on the team. He goes crazy. He has a moment where he scored on me like five times in a row and you can hear I'll never forget I was watching it one day and Dominique that's the problem.


Nah. Dominique Wilkins was like ooh when somebody get cooking like that ain't nothing you can do. And he hit a pull up, he hit a pull up like a headsy pull on a mid and he like smacked his leg and was like motherfucker like that. And I came down, I ran full steam and I went by him and got a layup but we started going back and forth and I end up hitting a shot that for in a fourth quarter like a layup to win the game or something like that. But I just remember that moment where he started like like damn KD right on this wing and he don't give a fuck. He just of course five times in a row like you are different. Like you got a different kind of mindset and that's why he won the top 75. 'cause he don't give a damn For sure man. Like you said for him to be where he was ranked at high school to kill A-U-C-L-A to come to the league and make himself into MVP.


That just shows the will determination man. Shout out to Russell Westbrook. Good to see. Facts bro. Good to see you. Killing killer a couple last nights of games. We gotta get through the nets. Took care of the Hornets last night. One 16 and one 15. Cam Johnson with crazy last night. B Mill 29. Good job Cam Helped cover you on the on the Parsky. Good job. I gotta ask man, your man Charles Lee sat La Melo on the fourth in the clutch yesterday for Tre Mann. How do y'all feel about that won? That's that. That's that bud. Shit You best stop Professor Ogilvy. Ask me outta there. Did They win? Don't teach no lessons. No, that's that buzz shit. Bud used to do that But I mean But what is it for though Bro? 'cause he said Tre man, Trey man had a good game yesterday.


He said Trey man was giving us a little bit more on the for Yesterday be my best player on the floor bro. That's that buzz shit. Chanel biter bro. Bud used to do that. Nothing on losing to the net bro. My best man on the floor. Huh? And on the floor because Like we used to do that like you know he was a starter like Ching Mack used to finish games out. Dennis Schreder used to finish games out. I used to be pissed. I remember one time in the playoffs shoving and them finish the whole game out. Dennis did that. The shot Paul Pierce said I called Game. I wasn't in the game You call Game. That's what Parker It Was a, I called game Saying damn Jeff. Nah, I wasn't in the game. I didn't play the fourth. Oh okay. But that's kind of shit Bud used to do. Like if somebody had it going in the third and they started the fourth quarter and it was the game was going, the team was playing good, he'd be like fuck it, we gonna ride with that.


And as a player you be pissed. I know Lalo was pissed because he like shit. Yeah you can tell well fuck that don't. Was y was y'all winning those games when Shell and D was in? We did. We won one playoff game. We played Indiana Shell and Mike Scott got hot, they end up hitting like, I remember eight or nine threes a piece like to combine or whatever. Yeah. And they, we ended up blowing 'em out third quarter. They ended up taking off beginning of the fourth. We end up blowing 'em out and they just kept 'em in, which was cool. We won. I ain't care. Right. I'm hype especially 'cause Shell was my dog so I'm hyped. But then that then Shooter game Dennis was playing kind of good too. But you just be like, man I'm supposed to be in, 'cause in the next game we played, I mean we win the game.


Right. We ended up in winning the series. I was in the rest of the games but I was just mad at that moment. Like the fuck. But he used to do that a lot though. That's crazy. That's why I only played like 28 minutes a game man. Yeah We talked about that. That's interesting. So the, you know Charles Lee lineage coming from Bud, you know what I'm saying? That's some bullshit. Not even people figuring that's like a moral victory thing. But it's one of those, I'm setting a culture type situation and a lot of people feel like that team needs some culture. So I wonder if that's beneficial or not. But the mellow was pissed. You could tell his face that he was hot last night for sure. Yeah, That's I'm struggling bro. Bro. At the end of the game, believe in me. Yeah, Rob believe in me bro. Like I'm, I'm shooting horrible tonight but I play 82 games mass. Majority of these games bro. I'm doing my thing out here. Shout to Trey man or whoever is whoever.


But put me in the game bro. And that's the difference between like a veteran coach and I'm, bud was a young coach when he would do that. You know you just, you know they come from pop, pop will play. Pop was a og but he'll play anybody. Yeah. Like if you playing good Pop will ride it out. And then Pop was the guy, like the players wasn't the guy. Like Tim Duncan obviously was the guy, but Pop was just as big as Tim Duncan in San Antonio Facts. So Pop could do no wrong. Like he's still there obviously. Right. He can't do no wrong. So they came from Nat like anybody can play like if a party playing, they having a good game. Like you was on a 10 day and you started hooping. We are believe in you and we build these players from nowhere.


Not everybody can do that. Yeah man. So Charles, I love Charles but that wasn't the best. You can't do that. Yeah. Like not with Lalo, not with your team ass. Yeah Bro, we sad bro. Yeah you can't really. And then he had a breakdown about it and it was kind like yeah he is like Lamont as you see on the screen, he's been great for us all year. He's been great tonight. But you know Trey man just gave a little bit more nicely, you know, just winning it. I'm like that's a way to piss off your star. Yeah you can't, you can't Believe in me bro. If I'm having and it happens like that in the NBAI could be having an off night all game bro. Let me take the last shot bro. My chances is better than this nigga. But That's how you got, that's why I said Kenny Jackson gets it. You see Darius Garland three for 21. He was in at the end of that game.


Most definitely. And you gotta think Todd Jerome was playing great. Yeah. And so was Craig Porter Jr. Yeah. Nah, come on, come on dj, let's get out there. You'll figure it out like yeah that's the difference bro. Most definitely man. Crazy game man. Shout out to this for getting the dub. The man took care of the pills yesterday. 1 32 91. Nothing much. Talk about belt to ass situation. Look who went crazy. 26. Clay had 19, Kyrie had 18 the game yesterday. Y'all went back and forth on Spurs. Took care of the Thunder yesterday Totally without wi SGA had 32 7. Jalen Williams went crazy. 27 to 10 FCP looking like venture CP 14 and 11. Kel Johnson was murdering yesterday Smooth 22 piece.


Kel Johnson had a moment out there. Nah, he was out there getting to it. He gonna come up in the last segment of this show. And also Harrison Barnes looking like it's 2015 again. 28. Yeah. I be forgetting that Harrison Barnes played on the Warriors team like and got that first trooper though. He's a reason bro. He big reason bro. Why they won. I think he should have got that MVP over Iggy. I love, you know how I feel about IgG but hell of a take. I, I think Harrison Barnes was like that was they Andrew Wiggins bro back then. So Yeah, I don't know about that one. But it was, bro. I agree. I agree. He's a good player. Unc Bias, I don't know about that. The UNC bias. He was locked in respect. Respect my man shot Livingston bro. They was really, Iggy stole the show bro.


Yeah. And Shot stole the, it was a couple people could name, but I don't know if IgG shit got that file. It be, I think they still had stuff messed up for that. But yeah, shout to IgG. He was on Kai, Kai Stream. Yeah, he, We love you can't wait to have IgG. And also they, they tried to pull that into the conversation as well. They was like, all right Lalo like you've been wild in these post conferences man. Maybe that's a little powow but that's still crazy time Bro. Don't discipline me that way bro. Nothing, Sometimes you gotta Holler at me Locker room bro. Bro. Gotta, sometimes you gotta pop out so niggas Yeah, sometimes you gotta help a person help themselves. But yeah, that was a crazy game. A lot of people, people want some money on that messed up a lot of parlays the other way. Who's sending him these, these sayings man, for real bro.


I was sending my man these sayings, Y'all crazy. Let's OG bro. og How? His words of wisdom is crazy bro. You gotta help a nigga help himself sometime, bro. For real. You ain't never heard that. Used to say that to me. Man. I'm gonna take this, I'm gonna take these cards from you bro. I'm gonna help you help yourself. Wow Man. Like Loa say end of the day they gotta end. You feel me? Tonight's games, pelicans at Cavs. Cavs definitely gonna win. Bouncing back after a loss yesterday for sure. Which I got Cavs. Yeah I got Cavs. You said they playing the Pelicans. Pelicans down everybody.


Yeah. Well soon Bulls at Bucks. Shout to er Peyton. I just seen you got a call up? Yeah, my boy got back to the, to the pills. Shout out to him man. Bulls at Bucks Bulls. I'm gonna take the bucks bro. I think we FI think we found our groove. I hope So. Every time I have when it gets the Bulls, these past couple games they have won. So I'm gonna rock with the Bulls today. Just for shits and giggles. Paces at rockets. Rockets. Y'all don't do good. Y'all not a good Houston too Bro. Team, I'm gonna take my Lord take the rocket. We're not a good team anywhere right now. But I don't know if the Rockets classified as a good team. 'cause if they are then I feel like we'll win that game. But if there's, if they're a little bit below good then they gonna whoop our ass. So I'm gonna go with the Rockets tonight. Sixers at Grizzlies.


I'm a I'm I'm gonna go to Sixers ahead of team meeting. I think they gonna bounce back. Get a double team meeting. Yeah. Sixers. Griz they down. Ja. Yeah For sure. I'm gonna go with the Sixers as well. Blazers at Thunder. Thunder By 30. Yeah. Thunder about the, I'm Delta for last night. I'm gonna take the Blazers you want with the Blazers. Yeah. I'm gonna take the Blazers for some reason I just think the Thunder, they gonna take the Blazers Hunter. Nah, I don't want be, I don't care enough about them. 10 a hundred on the Blazers is is diabolical work Boy Get y'all pay for Thanksgiving off that. I shaking in a room. I gotta throw it out there. Y'all crazy K Nick's as sons. That's gonna be a good game. I'm gonna take the Knicks rolls. New sons Yo Hawks at Warriors.


What's up? Oh man, Draymond about 30. Yeah I'm, I'm I I yeah I'm gonna go with the Warriors. Yeah. Every time I bet against a team that I like, they always win. So he is go with the Warriors. Did y'all see the animation of the Legos that they made of Draymond holding Z Eddy leg when he fell? Nah. Oh. I'm putting it in chat. It's hilarious man. Draymond, you're not beating up allegations brother. It will soon. Magic Act Clippers Magic on the win streak. But the Clippers, Clippers got 'em tonight. It Depends if Norman Powell play, if Norman Powell don't play, I'm going with the magic. I ain't mad at That. I ain't gonna get some magic right now. They going crazy right now. Listen, some great basketball yesterday. Verified buckets Behead. Who was getting to it last night?


I'm only speaking on West Side Connect. That's it all Rookie team. First team baby. That's, that's who? Who I'm rolling with. 37 9 for 12 from three. Man I'm gonna show some love. My Louisville guy Donvan Mitchell man. 35 piece last night he gets to defend Champs Show why he belonged to be at the conversations for MVP and one of the best two guards in the NBA last night for show. I'm gonna go with my dog man. Five 20 alone sir. Jason Tatum big night last night. 33, 12 and seven. He was hooping took over the game. Yes sir. Made some big shots. Led that team to win against the undefeated team. Go with my dog. Now listen, you always talk about this situation with JB passing the ball.


Hey, last night he had some great ISOs. Him and Donovan Mitchell was going back and forth but he was gunning last night. I'm like man you can swing it a little bit more. I know, I know you that man. I know you probably you can swing it a little more game. Don't worry about what they trying to do. Pass the ball bro. They Trying do do something else told You bro. No we not bro. Come On show. Let's talk about JB for sure and bring some and bring some of them shoes. What they called Mooch your ass nigga. Man. Pass the ball bro. Yeah, bring Some of those shoes. Pass the ball swing That one time. Yes bro. I'm hard. Like Jason coulda had 50. No he couldn't Have, he coulda had 50 bro. I ain't gonna, he coulda had 40 But JT we had 33 jb You a champ. Don't worry about that. Most as definitely, you know way more than us about this respect King.


Don't worry about them. Oh also I gotta show some up. Cam Johnson Man 34 piece yesterday took care of the Hornets. Listen man had some great situations but last night man it's a lot of people need some encouragement this morning. Be here. Who should get well soon on this wonderful Wednesday. We Just talked about it. I'm gonna give it to a mellow ball bro. I know you got in trouble bro. Don't worry about it. You'll be all right bro. Getting Bitching to before. We gotta get well soon. Yeah, Prepare for the next game. He shot I think three for 13, three for 14, some shit like that. So he had a, he had a rough night but I know he was pissed so I'll just, you know, give him some words of encouragement bro. It's all Right. Damn man, my get well soon is gonna go to DJ man. Listen, we praise you on this show man. You doing your thing this season but three for 21 my dog. That's tough in the big market game, you know what I'm saying? You on national tv.


I'm gonna need you to deliver bro. That ain't good enough bro. But I know you gonna bounce back tonight. Oh you got Teague? Shit. Whoever this nigga is that got dunked on by Trey Mann. Oh yeah, Nora Clowny. Yeah. You got punched on Shout out to AI baby. AI Kyle playing this AI's crazy but I didn't understand 'cause he got punched on for no reason. You gonna take the charge like he, he just stood, he is gotten away. He ran into the poster for no reason. I don't even know he AI though. He kind of looked like that picture of the white boy that had his braids like ai. So he's that little kid. He's a fan. Yeah, he remember that kid. Yeah he More, he more Tyrone l though. Damn Ai. He more Tyrone. Tyrone Lou. He play. He got game though. Nah, he got game. I'm just how how he look bro? It's Ty Lou Damn.


Shout out to Trey man. Man Noah Clowny give well soon. Hey also Aaron Wiggins please get well soon. We talked about Kelvin Johnson early in the show. Kelvin Johnson went crazy and one possession on them last night and it started with Aaron Wiggins at the top of the key. Wow. Jab work killed him. Damn. Sit down like that. Yeah, Killed him. Ja but look, SG ain being the sender crazy. Get out the way bro. Oh they do play Five guard. That's Impress. That jab is crazy Bro. They be having lineups where he the tall player out there at six six bro. And they still be getting to it man. But like you said, losing to the Spurs last night. What I win be that's, that's showing some flaws bro. That beg will get a big soon but definitely get what soon the air wicks. And last but not least, the whole entire dress organization, y'all fan base deserves more.


I don't know what I got going on this season but they definitely playing college football with that franchise right now man. And Aaron Rods is leading away. He'll be on Pat McAfee real soon man. People trying to win some money man. They offer two so far this week. But you Got more? Nah man. Y'all know we been winning a lot of money man. So we gonna make the pot a little bigger today. Get rid of her ASAP bro. This is a rebounding segment today. Majority. So we got Giannis with 12 rebounds tonight. Stretch, which is Jared Allen 12 rebounding night. Shaa will make three threes tonight. Benedict will score, will score 20 points a night. Jared Jackson, he gonna rebound like that. We gonna give him eight rebounds. Har Anthony Towns is gonna get 12. James Hard is gonna get 20 points.


$500. That Might, that might hit hold. No you said 500 when you what? $500 today but win you a grand total of $83,096. I'll repeat that. That might Hit bro. One more time. Look at the camera. I'll repeat this Bet again. This is a rebounded bet. A real crash out Giannis 12 rebounds. Jared Allen 12 rebounds. Shaa three threes. Benedict Mathen will have 20 points. Jar Jackson, he won rebound like that. He's gonna grab a rebounds tonight. Carl Anthony Thas will pull in 12 James Harder will score 20 points again $500 will win you a grand total of 80 3096. The Only one I got about this is the SHA three threes that say that's the only one.


That's the only one. If everything else I'm, I'm, I'm locked with Play, play with the bed like you play with your bitch. But take those seven, mix 'em around. You probably can take Shay out and put somebody else in there. But you know the crown is yours gentlemen. Hey that's the best draft Kings a I could ever ask for use promo code club five 20 for My best. Don't be fried bro. They don't be fried bro. I ain't gonna lie bro. I way I would play that one besides the threes. Okay. Sha three. That's fine. You ain. Still a bankroll. I'm locked in. I'm I'm gonna play that one today. I'm not gonna play, I ain't got 500 for it but I got a little So play. Hey Mike. Mike got the script. It will be posted today, you know, for your liking. So you know, tap in with us man.


Five 20 In The, Morning. You know what time it is. We appreciate y'all tuning in. Hopefully that make y'all some money. We'll be back tomorrow morning. Y'all be safe. It's five 20. In, The, Morning, The Volume.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York And I'm any Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison packer stand. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast Moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Pac on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Kyle Bran. You're busy. I'm busy, but every single Monday we take 10 minutes to dish out 10 takes NFL Life, whatever, but never more than 10 minutes. It's 10 takes with Kyle Brant driving home from work. You got time for 10 takes taking a smoke break. You still smoke, you got time for 10. Takes hiding in the bathroom at work. You got time for 10 takes. Listen to 10 Takes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage. Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com.