
TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a new slate of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the Fold. With Jemele Hill, TNT Sports is taken over Prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. I enjoy c, I appreciate the support people eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Was Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is, it's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love


The. Volume out To the production team man, they got back to it man. Everything gonna be copacetic today. Some great basketball to discuss this morning. We gotta take it to the West Coast man, them late games, it'd be hard to get through from the east coast. But last night this one was definitely worth it man. You got the Warriors against the mass Clay coming back home. Warriors came back with the victory 1 21 17 Fellas, please tell me y'all watched that game last night. I did. Great game bro. It was a great game. The The love that Clay got coming into the arena was amazing. Hell yeah. I never seen anything like that. Even when they called his name bro. Everybody got the Sailor hats on and all that shit. That the Captain hats, I mean but it was crazy.


That was a different kind of vibe in there for sure. Would y'all rather him got Boo yesterday or you happy that he got the love that he received yesterday? Nah, he deserved all that love. For Sure. For sure. He did too much for that franchise bro. Yeah, it was well deserved. Most definitely. Listen Ella, we get through the stats. Clay did this thing yesterday. Probably his best game had 22 was going crazy. Kyrie 22, Luca 31. But did not matter because when Steph Curry decided to play basketball, shit got spooky light 37 yesterday is including the last 12 of the game. The icy game dog. Like we was talking about yesterday when Steph started playing basketball, everybody else forget what they doing. Yeah, his energy was different to start the game. I seen when he fouled Clay, I think that was like alright we gonna let you get your first two points so you can get 'em out the way.


He just fouled him on purpose, got his two free throws and then it was up after that. Very disrespectful man. Nah, I think Steph Step, do you know we was talking before the show, we might have to throw nasty up there in the, in the MVP talks man. Oh most definitely. Yeah Because he, he's he's willing to trash team bro to these victories in this. Why they gotta be trash man bro they weak bro. I love Dre Andre. You still feeling but y'all trash bro. He he turning y'all up to like them 2015 Hawks man. So y'all fuck outta here. Y'all up to a hell of a start man. You looking like one of them ones still in the NBA at your big age 36. That road Is, we gotta talk about Dre Mano for real. Like he really gonna be up there for defensive player of the year.


Like watching him play last night I, I watched the Warriors play a little bit but watching Draymond he back to his old ways man. He ta he really taking over games on the defensive end like eliminating people. And he did a hell of a job last night playing at the five straight up for a lot of, a lot of the game. He was at the five, you know, playing small ball five. So he's a different level of defender. Him and Steph got that, that chemistry that you can't deny like coming off them picking rolls and shit. So they, they might be a tough out for real. Most definitely And we always talk about this, if you got Steph Curry in the playoffs, you gotta be here four times. That's a tough feat to do. Yeah, I mean to show Draymond some love yesterday. If you look at the stats, even if you watching the game blindly, they're bigs lively, you know what I'm saying?


Typically they go crazy. Yeah that wasn't happening yesterday. Like you said rotate they take that switch away, it got ugly. Yeah, nah they up to a good start man. Shout out to the Warriors. It is early. Like you said we gotta put a Stephanie MP conversation. Nah, but you do though. We got to at this point. You do, you do because nobody expected this team to be as good as they are right now. I mean we talked called Steve Kirk K for said it is one of the deepest teams he's had. But if you look at the stats, even the distribution down for the team, everybody's contributing whether they getting 20 minutes to 10 minutes. So you gotta show some love to that. The Mavs, I mean is it, is it tough just because you lose this game, but what do you think they needed to, to adjust going forward? I I just don't think it was there or not. Yeah, it just, okay. I think Steph was just on the mode that he wanted to make sure Clay had, he was happy that Clay had a good game but he wanted to show like you seen it in his last shot when he hit that Dagger three.


Like you didn't want to be here. Yeah. Yeah. Like he wanted to make sure y'all know this is still my shit like Clay all right he gone but I'm here so we always good facts and it looked like that. Like they playing like that like all right Clay might've been holding him back last year. Be honest. And you talked about additional Buddy Hill this year. I mean obviously he's not Clay but what he's given to this team is the same contributions for the last two years. Is that good night? Go to sleep celebration the the most disrespectful celebration of basketball right now? Mm, probably. Yeah Probably because the moments that he does that be like crazy bro. Like when he did the Olympics was so disrespectful to do that shit bro. But then I don't think it's disrespectful 'cause people know what it is when it come to him It's still disrespectful.


It ain't, it's amazing. It's Not an average player doing that. I think we give Steph too much like Leeway. Like he talks shit like he's talking shit. Really like all this shit. I told y'all I had yank his little ass up one time. Hey don't be doing that shit in front of me nigga. We we supposed to be cool. Nah, He was trying to show you like bro have some swag about you bro. That's It. Nah bro that's disrespectful. That's why now Swag probably see it when he do it. When he hit Clay with it at the end after he hit the Dagger three didn't tell you nigga this Monster. Yeah that's the real Steph Curry. He talk shit you didn't wanna be here. Yeah I mean I I fool with it like I, you know what I mean to me you need that for the game.


I'm glad he 'cause everybody treat him like he Donnie McClaren bro. Like turn up on these niggas bro. Why not? Like, I mean I love it. I think it is great for the game when step acting like that but I'm glad people really get to see when he hit you with the go to sleep. I'm talking shit like y'all can't fuck with me like night night. Is it just as bad as Luca because Luca talk crazy. Luca talk crazy but I think the difference is that Steph is doing this in situations and renting rings or he's doing this in like demoralizing franchises now. Luca talk crazy to the sons. That's the different level. Like you said that rival Devin Booker, that's a different type of disrespect 'cause he talked greasy to the side. He walked him down bro. That's all I'm saying. Like who? Who you rather talk shit to you Luca or Steph?


Nah, I'd rather Luca talk shit to me 'cause he ain't want nothing like he killed everybody. Oh well Steph wins so when you start talking back to him he get to doing this and shit like Oh yeah throwing up the game. Yeah so they was mad at Clay for doing that. They was like Clay's ass. He was like but I got four. Yeah they up there. You Look at it you can't say yeah you can't say about that. How do they fair as the best back court ever? Where would y'all put them Best back court. Not that you have ranking by. Would you put them in the top five, top three? I don't know. What are we basing this off of? Whatever which which I know I just do strictly just killers, hoopers I whatever you can go championships hoop. I take all into account for me. They they in the top five I guess I'll Give you that.


They are my top three. I dare say top two. I don't even know no back court really when I think about it. Shit. Who was it? Me, Kyle Corver. Mm at 2015 they beat the 2015 Hawks Right for Austin ao. Hey that's a hell of a comparison. Hot sauce, a headache. Who was on the Harlem Globetrotters first Team on and one is crazy. I'm gonna try to think though. Who was a fire back court though? I like Tim Hardaway and Mitch. Well I'm gonna tell TMC I'm gonna take Clay and Steph over them. Most definitely. Let's see. Bad court.


I don't know bro. Matter of fact, you know what Usually the point guard would be so dominant. Yeah and the two best Steph Curt, I mean James Hart and CP would've been nice but that ain't work out too well. I mean it was they were hooping when they was there but they ain't win nothing I don't think neither one of these people are necessarily stars but underwriter back court even though he came off the bench was Geno and tp. Yeah that was successful for a long time. Yeah that's a good bad court. Yeah. Yeah they Won and the comedy is drop some of y'all favorite back courts. We'll talk about it at the end of the show for sure. But before we off this warrior topic, Steve Kerr a lot of flack for what he did at the Olympics but they kill it right now. Does he deserve to be in coach of your conversations? Yeah I mean this group, he got this group playing at this kind of level.


Nobody expected shit from the Warriors B him caught him. They was to where he was going first team all Lum. Oh y'all going Tulum? Yeah I ain't know where y'all was going. We from Puerto Rico, Tulum, we still On the way. Freak party series. It is on tour baby. So international for go from Tulum to being arguably top two in the west is like he definitely gonna be in coach of the year candidate for Mike Guy Kenny Jackson holding it down for sure right now but definitely got the one spot by. Yeah they definitely one and two for sure. Yeah most definitely man. Shout out to the Warriors doing their thing Mavs. They'll do better. Yeah shout out to the warrior man. Y'all know I'm gonna hat on y'all's Draymond my dog but that's that. That really is impressive though to see how they been winning 'cause they don really count them in to do well this year.


Nah They didn't. You Know what I mean? So that's Dope. Most definitely Tom will tell last night we had the return of mb, you know what I'm saying? The Knicks in the 76 ERs. Knicks took the L yesterday one 11, excuse me seven, six ERs took the L. My apologies Nick. One 19 I mean one 1100 bro gotta score a hundred. Yeah it's your rule. Golden rule. The Knicks had some nice contributions yesterday. OG had 24 Kat another 20 and 10 basically. And Jaylen Brunson only had an 18. They still at the dub. PG went crazy yesterday had 29, Jared McClain had a 23 piece but just wasn't enough man. I think the Sixers K Martin had 17 and NBI had 13 obviously limited minutes. But did y'all catch that game? Yeah I saw it. I mean it is just, I don't know. I don't count him for nothing. I had the Sixers beat the Knicks unfortunately.


But it is what it is man. Ah man I knew MBI was gonna be rusty and he was gonna play limited minutes. I knew it was gonna be tough. I mean he ain't played shit and he going against a team that's trying to get on track. The Knicks, they trying to get on track themselves so they was gonna come out with a lot of energy playing hard. But I was happy to see PG be aggressive, very, very aggressive as that. We now he just got continue that and I think they found they back up point guard McCain, he gonna be a sixth man I assume 'cause he be hooping. Yeah He can do for Real bro. Yeah I like his game. He know how to score. Yeah they need that. He could shoot that especially wild boy out so Boy can shoot and if he develops off season long like having him and Maxie as you know what I'm saying, second unit at as guards together they could really do some damage.


I like the way he plays now with the 76 ERs they, they talked about basically MBI still flopping. Who's the worst flopper between Embiid or Jalen? Brussel Probably mb, I mean MB bro he act like he's too big. McBride killed him bro. McBride brought off that fake script man McBride is one 90 at best All facts. And then he elbow ka Kat can't catch a break. Elbow ka Ka be getting his ass kicked during night bro. And be hooping man. That's why I gotta show some more love than Ka bro. He be going through some shit on the court man. I told y'all And be pick it on Cat bro. Kat one of the best players I ever played with bro. Most skilled people I ever been around he got a game.


It is just them interviews bro. They be trying, people think he's soft or whatever they think Yeah He Ain't even soft bro. He he aggressive, he play hard. It's just them interviews. He just a nice person. Yeah he just nice for him being a good dude, being nice people taking because He really strong. For real On my mommy, He's really a force. Yeah, for real bro. So his image kind of you right bro it kind of, And it's funny 'cause they was talking about this, they was just like Ka got the soft image because Jimmy Bowler had one crazy day at practice and won the extension. They were just like Jimmy wanted to get paid, had nothing to do with Cat B itself. Think we decided two narratives together. I really think it's the voice changer. It's the voice I'm telling you the autotune I think it is bro. Jim Butler shit is right. Go ahead bro. Nah, I'm saying if he ain't changed his voice it wouldn't But Like Jimmy Butler Okay that was the polarizing event that happened.


Yeah but like seeing him on the streaming services post game interview kicking it with his girl on YouTube. You a joke bro. You a joke bro. So that's why niggas feel like they can play with you. Pause. But yeah I think that's, that's Why it it's the voice bro. It's the voice. Yeah because If you know Kat like he a, he's just a super nice guy bro. Hell he give you a shirt of his off his back bro. He cool. It is just that voice shit. Like when he start having a deep voice to the little voice to yeah hey like he do all that shit bro. People would be like man, who is this Disney character like my boy like OJ the Juiceman in the interview, everybody was like hold on bro.


Hey that's crazy. Listen, the Sixers two and eight der mor already said PG and then Pete are not playing back to backs. How do they get back on track? Because it is gonna take probably double the time for MB to get back. Can't Do that bro. We off too much of a like too much of a rocky start. So for us to be to eight and we still had that rule in effect. You kind of messing up the team's future I believe especially so far as the playoffs is concerned, They gotta make the playoffs before they could worry about performing in the playoffs. Like Mm. Like it ain't no point. Y'all ain't gonna make it not playing back. Toback you ain't gonna make it. Yeah the whole point of it. So y'all can be healthy in the playoffs. Y'all don't make the playoffs then it matter.


Yeah like but PG needs to just get comfortable. He might need to play as many games as he can. Like to get back to being himself. Like last night was a good example of what Paul Georgia's capable of and we wanna see more of that. But Maxi being out nine b gonna be out on back to backs, ain't gonna never build no chemistry. So it's gonna be a tough road ahead for the Sixers. I ask you that as a coach, if you're Nick nurse, do you challenge the organization in that call and say hey I understand that maybe we do this later in the season but right now we gotta, we gotta make this make sense 'cause if not, like you said, our season's in jeopardy. Yeah but also you just gotta do your job. Like if this something they had in playing nv don't wanna play back Toback. Yeah, straight up pg probably don't wanna play back Toback Only one player can do that though.


But as a player I'm probably gonna say if I see it going wrong 'cause I don't wanna be responsible for this shit going bad. Like Paul George new to the team, I fucking MB already done went through his field. He didn't push people, did everything, let him do him. Me, I'm probably like, hey I can play a couple of these back to backs. I wanna let Philly know that I'm here. Like yeah, they already mad that you got the max deal. Some people that they paid and you're not performing at the, you know like they think you can, right? Yeah, I'm probably gonna take a little on myself and be like, hey I, I can play this game. I might not play every back to back but I'll play a couple


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great but WW describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those quartz side seats which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan Please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app, Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Coming Soon to Prime Video you can call me Detective Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. S Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed the fit every time eBay things people love.


And listen, when we clip that Tobias Harris up yesterday, too many Philly fans was feeling that. I said Ah, that's all. Listen, y'all know how they what facts PG don't get on they bad side bro. They was already mad about you waving off Maxi. So for him to bounce back yesterday in that game was definitely good to see. But yeah, yeah, he he might, he gonna be the scapegoat for sure if they don't facts if they don't excel this year. Facts and for the Knicks different scoring last night. You know what I'm saying? It's weird that the Knicks win and JB ain the leading score. But you see a lot of contributions yesterday. Is this something that they could be successful going forward? We know the Sixers ain't that good but is this something they should probably build upon or they still need to get back to JB B and jb? Nah, I mean if they found a formula that can work, I mean JB you wanna play as long as you can. The way he was playing, he was gonna be injured or his career was gonna be cut two years 'cause he was doing everything he had to ball the whole game.


Whole game. Whole game. Whole game. Yeah. Trying to make a play. Make a play. And now you see guys like OG stepping up, having moments, Kat being able to be the leading scorer, take more of the offensive load. It's gonna make JB job a lot easier. He can just be a point guard. He can still score. He is still gonna get close to 20 every night. But taking that off where he don't gotta get 35, 36 is gonna save him a long time. Especially for the playoffs. Most definitely. And like you said, if all fails, if they get to the playoffs and everybody ain't doing what they supposed to, you know, all fails you can just give him the ball. Yeah. Clear out. And he's, you saw the proof last year. Well that was the problem last year they was unhealthy, he wasn't healthy. Yeah. By the time they got to the the last series he was hurt, banged up knee what he need surgery or something.


Did he had surgery or something? Yeah he played, he gave game seven with a, with a dang broken hand. Yeah. So he went through a lot. He just had a lot of pressure and had the ball so much that eventually something gonna happen. So now he get a chance to rest a little bit through throughout the season and be better for the playoffs. I would say most definitely, like we said, a lot of people benefit from the east not having the good at started. Everybody expect so I think the Knicks will bounced back for sure. Stand in the east with it. Your hawks man. Yeah. They beat your other team last night? Yeah. Yeah. What'd you guys say now? 1 17, 1 16 And play. What beat him. What his hawks. What We beat the Celtics. What? Oh y'all got the little dub, you know what I mean? It is a rig game. Shout out to my boy Dyson. Every once in a while. Dyson went crazy yesterday.


Shout Dyson. Get rid of Trey man. Let's is Trey Trey. That's how he gonna do Trey. I love Trey Young. Y'all know he my favorite player in the league. JB passed the ball bro. Passed the ball bro. Who was supposed to pass the ball yesterday? Nah, get on. Ah, I get you on your Malcolm X shit bro. Pass to the light-skinned fella bro. Which one? Because Derrick White got 31 his face. Nah, nah not the ball. He don't get no ho bro. Pass to, to my dog chasing Tatum bro. JT had 20 yesterday. This Is my revenge season bro. You went on your run bro. JT was only, I think JT might have had 21 or something Yesterday. He had 20 and nah I don't like that. JB had 37. Nah, Out of pocket. Out of pocket bro. That's why we lost.


That was, that was a, that was a Georgia game right there bro. Man, Haw bro. Swing, swing, swing that motherfucker bro. Straight up. Don't let that happen again bro. There's no way we should go down to the motherfucking Hawks bro. Really? Come on man. We out of pocket bro. We playing 500 basketball right now. Come on. Dyson had 28. He was supposed to have more than Jay. Alright bro. JT yesterday on losing to a G League team bro. Hey shout to Jaylen Johnson. He been killing like you said all season 18 Triple Dub. He cold and they locked him up for a great deal. I told you bro he's cold. He's super cold. But Dyson Daniels played great. I mean when one man go down, next person step up and Dyson Daniels hooped, you feel me? He did Clin Capella gave him some nice contributions. Y big old Clin Capella Low Key be hooping still Big old Clin Capella is in trade Rumors every year and never leaves Atlanta.


I'm just saying my got my boy got the Phantom out there. He ain't tripping. Big Voice Capella is doing well in I I can say that money, I watched a little bit of his game yesterday and it was nasty 'cause Larry n said 19 yesterday, I said this is a shout out to my boy L you needed some, you needed some tick. They wasn't giving you no pt. I love the NBA cup. Everybody hoop like his A Cs in the NBA cup. But they should have been playing my dog. Man he ain't getting no PT for the first couple of games now he in he he give you a better feel for the game bro. He can, he actually know what's going on. I'm surprised he ain't requested a trade 'cause people can really use him. Most definitely but now we use him and we back, We run to Florida like with the best though. Yeah I can say That. And his like you said his iq, his head head basket. I'm not an Larry Nance but Larry Dance can hoop though.


He Can hoop for sure. I don't wanna put too much sauce On he definitely can hoop. I remember when we was doing scouts we wanted Larry dancing for the Hawks to get 'em. We wouldn't use them but now they're using them. We gotta continue to keep using them and Dyson Daniels we wanted him. We got him. Trey Tre young little Trey go. We get some more pieces. Let's build around Dyson Wildling. But I was gonna let you do your time. Be around Dyson is crazy. Oh but build around Jaylen Johnson bro. He yeah he the guy. He hard. Yeah he Cold. I give you that Tre Young is cold too but I mean obviously Trey, he ran his course. Man are we gonna put too much on this for Boston yesterday? It is just, you know saying they got snuck.


Nah This ain't about nothing bro. One game they got snuck. It's just one game. People played out they body Dyson deans don't ever score. He went crazy. That's my favorite part about the NBA. When random people get an opportunity to hoop and they go crazy, he'd be funny as hell. He don't really hoop like that. Now if this was Tre Young, I've been like all right Boston, we gotta figure it out. But Dyson just had a moment. Okay. Shout out to the Hawks man. Yo, your team being your other team, you ain't have lost in the world. Y nah bro we we playing 500 basketball man. We gonna be solid man. We gonna beat the 10 seat Never Play in, play out. Play out. We on Me. We damn better than the Pacers Quietly though. You don't want that problem. On my mama you don't want that problem. Wait till Trey come back. Trey's better than Tyree.


Halliburton, Trey can come back. Me We don. We don't care On me. And I ain't even saying that because I hate the phrase Trey. Turn up man. Tre, I just was joking. Rey Trey. No I'm not. Trey Young is better than Tyree Halliburton. Oh I'm not joking about that. I'm talking about, I was joking about Rey Trey Young. I was just being funny. Hey Tyrese, but Trey, we don't even gotta worry about seeing though. Trey Young is better than Tyres. Hallberg Let's, let's not never get it confused on this here show you never going do that. I am a hawk but damn. Oh now you a haw. Ain't that some shit to the court? Shout out. I'm supposed to be going up there for Dekin Bay. You know they going to do something special with Dekin Bay. I might be up there so shout out to the people. Gimme a call yesterday. I'm a hawk. Mm I did play for the pacer studio.


Won't get that call game but y this man I still love you though. Care. Yeah. Pace is definitely not fool with him. I don't give a damn who pass away. He ain't getting no call. Oh I know they told me Karen. I still love you though. I still love you though Karen. Oh but hey your temper Ws lost a trail like yesterday 2 1 0 8. I'm sick. I threw my phone at the TV yesterday. Shout Out to them Blazers. Oh man. Only time smoked It up. Gotta go to sleep this week. But I was glad to see Rod. Will he look Tom Lord back hooping? Yeah. Hey Glad to see that man. Hey I'm glad you playing. Get on that trade block my boy a hundred Percent. Run It up. Yeah time to get on outta the free Rob.


Who could, who could use him? Just we don't have to stay on the lawn. But who y'all think could use Rob because he Convenient. He needs to Be the Pacers. Pacers definitely could use. Nah I swear to God Y'all, y'all damn Him and Grant pull up bro. Grant had 20 West today. We need both y'all. Yeah y'all down. That might be a good trade for y'all. Yeah need Who would y'all send over That? That'd be the problem. I don't know what they want. They probably wanna guard, they probably gonna need Knee Smith. Who they can take Knee Smith and A pick. Nah that's fair. Nah that ain't enough. If we give them A fresh round pick. Nah, y'all should never give a that's fair round pick no disrespect to my man Rob Future but First Round pick.


Listen, that probably ain't gonna happen second round Ain't Gonna Happen. Future second round. Future second rounds crazy. Yeah like they future generations Future 50 Like them hard and future like Yeah like wait you said Nihart and Ne Smith because that's, there's two different people now. Nihart, they ain't gonna get you. Oh if it, if it's Nihart you not getting to pick it off. Yeah we need to pick actually now Ne Smith I can say the first cash because they ain't, they ain't giving up Ne Smith not for Rob. They gonna be like hell nah come on Tom Lord. But yeah The pair kill you. That's all I wanted to ask. We can move on for Sure. Robert. I think like you said we talked about him even going back to Boston. He's a big, that could help a playoff team for sure. He be so hurt though so you can't give up.


Ne y'all had to give up Knee Smith. Hey listen whatever. Yeah just make the call kp. I trust you by boy. A he had 26 yesterday. Nas Reed 28 Light day for us. Statistically a Bad triple. It's bad day. Yeah it's a bad Y'all ain't score over a hundred did y Run? We did. They did barely much. Don't do too much. We never never under that a hundred mark. But y'all, y'all six and five right now. That's Fine. It's early bro. I You not concerned at All. Nah bro. It 82 games. It's it's 11 games in bro. No It's the way you start bro. It's not bro. Yeah it is. It's not bro. It's always how you finish bro. That's what she told me. Hey yo if you start off right, she'll think you finished little. You start off, if you spit up like a newborn in the beginning, get a Gatorade key lock Back in you.


You could go back in though. That Second term is Always if you bad, if you bad from the start she gonna start. It might dry up. No some, some girls give you that. You okay It if it, if you guys spit on couple times over. I ain't never had a spit card. Nothing. We'll say that for the podcast Mike. You gotta come in with that. Nah man it's all and she got a Gatorade icon. That's crazy. Yeah you gotta come in with that thunder from down hundred thunder from down sometimes with to work too hard at work. Where you be tired, you trying to Slip right there. You gotta play with it at the beginning. You, you can ease up. Come on man. It's her time to do her job.


Come in, come in y'all. We need That deck to read to get me back quiet. We need to fix the team rules. Not the podcast topic. I'm just saying send the video. I rather start off hot folks. See, ease up. See you know what I catch a, I was half 20 the first half six. Nah, nah I got my stats. See how the 15 hawks started. Teammate had 25 the first Court then scored the rest Of the game. That's cool. Was on the training block. Average. Average 25. I'm gonna kill it now. Yeah I'm average 25. I'm gonna kill it. Stats. The stats. Yeah. If I average 20 the first half don't score the second half I still average 20. Oh man y'all are crazy. Another random game. That's your NBA cup is od that Pisses beat the heat yesterday at ot.


First of all, shout to Tyler. Hero went insane. YI know he's pissed. 40 ball something. Slight 40 ball. He hit three straight threes to take the game. Two OT and then in OT Eric Broer pulled a Chris Weber and called a timeout that he did not have which resulted to game winning. I know he cussed his assistant coaches out bro. There's a a picture of Jalen Rose face bro. They say he had P-T-S-D-I was crying bro. He was looking up in in awe the game. Yeah. Yeah that's crazy. C Webb get healthy. He's still mad at C Webb for that. No they still beef with. That's crazy but sp out of pocket though. Hey listen it's crazy 'cause we just praised him 'cause he drove one of the coldest, you know what I'm saying?


Out of bounds plays to win the game and then, you know what I'm saying? He has a brain like this don't happen too much with spoke. Nah But like nah I'm just messing with spoke like Jeff said though, like I think your head coaches get signals from your assistants like winner, you know. Yeah because you'd be so locked into the game. So that was probably one of the guys. Yeah One of the trainers. The head trainer usually know the timeouts and stuff so they tell you we got two left, one left, whatever. Yeah so obviously somebody must have told him we got one or he must have heard that or forgot. He called a timeout and called it. He screamed. I know Pissed He screamed at before he was at a motherfucking concert though so Man he fucked that up. Yeah and and the Pistons board that was, that was Super Bowl for them. For sure. For sure. They needed that win though man. They needed that win.


I was, I was. It was crazy. It was that close though. I didn't even see it being that close. But Pistons Ain't a bad team. I was gonna say the crazy part about this is the Pistons and the heat, Denrick got the same record. Yeah I'm saying the Pistons ain't that bad man. They do. I dunno, I ain't saying they the same team by any means. Alright. That's what I'm saying. Get well soon. Tim Hardaway I seen he got carried off bro. Tim Hardaway then got CT yesterday playing basketball in one position. He got elbow in the head like I'm happy he walked away. He's fine from him but God damn. Yeah Shoot this one down. Stop Play Defense Oog you deserve. You do not have to play defense no more bro. Me, you were in Detroit but nah Detroit ain't bad bro. I've been telling y'all this the whole year. Detroit they solid. They're good for Detroit 'cause they still cheeks but K Cunningham is od like K Cunningham just started to be Max Clear Pacers bro.


Ain't why you keep putting us with these sad teams bro don't call. That's crazy. Y'all just said they not that bad. Didn't He said I said for the ERs here. I mean the hall we're third the East right now the Halls and Pacers in Detroit. They all running the same kind of race right now. We we're third the east right now. I don't know where they at. I mean third the East. What that mean y'all 500? I'm just spin facts feel how you feel. What's Detroit record? It is Detroit record. Tap in please. Detroit. They're not third East. That's all I know Detroit. That's why I wish we was streaming 'cause the Chad would be On it. Yeah, please don't. Please don't compare me to these poverty franchises. Detroit record probably three and six is sad. They are What I saying the Pisses fan base are so happy they won four games and we supposed to acknowledge that.


No I mean shit they were they they got I can't win for lose show. They better the sixties right now. That nasty better than Milwaukee five and seven A. They playing better. They right there. They playing 500 basketball and the Pacers are what Better than the Bucks. Better than the six. It's just not thirties that's all I know. What's y'all record? We're 505 nigga it's the same game. Detroit stand up. Sada go crazy. Come on man. Bring back Kelly Hayes. Nah he been killing the G though. You know who really been killing the Jesus sidebar Trey Bur. Oh my God. Not for y'all nuts. For some reason I caught a G League moment and he's been going crazy off the Achilles too.


He to his Achilles came back you know after 30 and somebody else had, I was watching the TJ Warn kill. Damn he had 35 of us and I was like damn. Nah that's light paper him but my boy in a bubble. We thought he was the coldest thing ever bro. This is, this Is random though. And you know we know we get the pacer hell on this show Is the Pacer's Best five ever Better than the Pistons. Best Five ever. No damn Pacers ain't one. Shit I'm just saying player watch. Now if I'm starting at the pg that's, I'm starting that point. We lost there nigga. They have Isaiah Thomas. We already lost him. Okay, let's go, let's go. He get the top three point guard all top. No let's go. Yeah they got the Pace. Two guard run your two guard. They got Rip Hamilton or Reggie.


Yeah. Okay. But you can tell Joe Dumars I don't know who they like better in Detroit. I mean I could be od with the team but I was gonna see how you gonna say I'm putting G Hill at the two. You can put Grand Hill. Yeah 'cause then I'll put yeah it's all for Yeah it's ugly bro. That the three you put J George Hill Played the two too for the places. I didn't know George Hill is not the best of George. It would have to be Reggie 'cause 'cause PG would have to play the three PG at the three. Pg. Pg Tayshawn Prince. I would definitely have to go Ron. I'll play a small lineup 'cause Ron gonna play the four. We need Ron PG better than Ron Artes. Well they gonna both start the three or four together. The Pistons. You gonna have to deal with that. Mm Four You Jermaine O'Neills are you a four?


No he gonna be the five from the team. I'm saying I'm trying to make the lineup make sense because the Pistons have a really good team. We gotta match up with him bro. You do. I can't afford to be playing Rick Smith in this, in this series bro. We're gonna get clapped. Ah is Rashe Wallace y'all four for the Pistons? Oh Nah Ben gotta be Ben the five. Oh well if that's the case then yeah it is really ugly then. And we ain't even go to the new school Pistons because it's, it is a couple of them who was already during that time period As well. That's a scary matchup though on the low Because you ain't even say Andre drumming to Greg Monroe. I don't know how they fear the time. Oh my God let's go to sleep. I love big, I love Greg and drumming but you ain't, you ain't even say smooth. That's crazy. Talking about all time Big three. Come on man. What are we doing Big Moose, what are we doing?


We can Move on Man. We gotta get here. That's a nasty all time game. I I'm not gonna lie. Yeah for you even to mention them two DJ you out of pocket. I hadn't messed it up A conversation. Sons beat the jazz yesterday. Knew that was coming. 1 21 12 Listen man. Nine and two, can they hold it down to four to KD get back? Yeah, they, they holding it down. Well that was the jazz. What Told Y'all, I mean the jazz, I mean every team in the NBA capable, you see my boys, the Hawks just took down defending champs so everybody capable but nine and two they playing good basketball. D book B and D book and Bradley Bill playing way better than he did last year. I'm excited to see that. I seen you take, I seen you take GD for that 25 bro.


He had 31. That's a good pick. Nasty. I you gonna say the books beat the rapper yesterday. You know what I'm saying? Light work but hey Battle works workers in the NBA but GD went crazy yesterday. Oja bro. GD special bro. Yeah, Special. Who is gd Bro? Grady is Nudge bro. Why y'all don't call that nigga his name? Ah, bro. Respect bro. Respect to his family bro. The lineage. We need to see a family picture Though. Him be having, they like, he got, he does the jerseys with people now, bro. It's crazy bro. Yeah, I don't even wanna repeat half the stuff he done put up. Boy. David Stern would never let him do any of these jersey swaps. Boy rolling in his grave that the Grady man. But they both play bad basketball. Nobody scored over a hundred.


That was nasty Work under a hundred nasty work bro. That's the rules. Nasty. Basically the front office of the buck said they not gonna fire Doc Rivers. And usually when we hear front office make these type of statements, it's usually the opposite. But what has to happen for them to fire dock this season? Not that we wishing a black man unemployment, but what, what would happen? Keep going bad for them to say, you know what, fuck it. He gotta go. Nobody cares bro. Nobody cares. Real for real. That's crazy. As messed up as that. Seems like nobody, nobody cares bro. People are really through with the books this year already and it just started. Mm. Yeah I'm, I'm, I'm done with the book. Like this sucks and I hate Dame is in that situation 'cause he, he left Portland to, he basically went to Portland again.


Same situation bro. Like I don't, I'm confused. I don't know what we doing as a franchise. Like he didn't ask for this, you know what I'm saying? You know what's crazy? He's been a professional about this because somebody in his position, obviously he still got a lot to give to the game, but he's an older player. This, he could be like, hey, I didn't, I didn't leave my comfortable situation being some bullshit. Hey I wanna spend the rest of my pros somewhere where I can contend y'all don't give a fuck because he coulda, he always, people was mad at him for staying loyal. Yeah. Then he leave and y'all still criticizing him like, and he wanted to go to Miami anyway. But yeah, he the ultimate professional. Yeah. And he is still the killer. Like I don't He gotta figure it out though. They gotta figure it out. They got too much talent over there, man. For real. Most definitely.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic liquor. Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more nap kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what yours Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag ASU here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins, multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, for this killer. Thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross. I learned to dress his gut against S'S head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new breaks, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay. Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed the fit every time. eBay things people love.


And last but not least, the magic took care of the hors yesterday. One 14 to 89 Can't score a hundred. You gonna lose Brother Melo killing. Man. I've seen a lot of talk about Melo being a different market. Chandler Parsons was talking outside of his neck about him being a clipper. Y'all think lame should stay, you know what I'm saying in Charlotte or should he go to greener pastures? Nah, stay in Charlotte bro. He you got, that's yours. It's yours. I don't understand how this like leave talk about it. The goal is to be a franchise guy. Yeah. Like you want people to come with your jersey on you want people to love you, people to cheer for you. You wanna be that guy. Right. Why I wanna go somewhere where it's already that guy over there like you do that when you already 12, 13 years in.


He's still building his resume. He's still building his fan base right now. Be that guy like most definitely go kill. Like you said, you can do that later in your career. Get this, you already on the max deal. Hoop out. It don't matter right now. Be the guy. Fuck all that. I hate when people say that. Go be a clipper and do this. You gonna be even more famous. Man. He famous enough. Yeah. I didn't like when Chandler Parsons basically said that he, I don't know, wasn't a superstar like do you not know that people been knowing him since he was 11 years old Bro. He been like that Facts. So he's been the star way before the NBA. Like him and his daddy single, single handedly turned social media up with their just celebrity and their, you know, charisma.


Just, I don't know where that came from. So I think he should stay. You ain't gonna be more famous than la. You already a global superstar bro. Turn Charlotte up as much as you can and it's a small market. Then they gonna overpay you do whatever you want. So With no expectations. No expectations. That's the thing. You can have these crazy stats. No expectation, the pressure not on you now you get traded to the Clippers. I mean they got it. They expectations ain't that high either. But say you go to LA you become a Laker. You already seen what it did to Lonzo. Mm. Expectations way too high. And I'm not saying he obviously better than Lonzo but the expectations be way too high. People want all this man just enjoy hooping killing you been injured.


Yeah. All these years. These couple of years before this year. You playing at a high level. You playing free. You enjoying it. It look fun. You getting 35, taking 30 shots And losing about 20 having A ball. And we still talking about heat of gold. He he top called playing guard. He cold and ain't losing about 30. We don't give A Damn. Nah bro. Enjoy that. Listen get your, get your Allstar game nine and get in the playoffs. That's all he gotta do. You can get play in. Just get your Allstar game. Ken get in the play in 1314. Tracy McGrady got away with it. Facts. Tracy Rey got away with his whole career killing and being sad when it come to the playoffs. Never making that out of the first round bro. Not telling you to be a loser but it is okay if you go down that path.


Yeah bro. It's just about being a celebrity. Just average 30. Average 30. Just be a straight killer bro. Yeah For We figure it all out year 13 Out the gate, Go to the Spurs, end the bitch. Get a Ring. Oh him and wi will be dynamic. What year? 10 He get traded to the Spur. They gonna be retarded. Oh Lord. Nah that would be what if that happened soon? I know that's a crazy hypothetical. But the next two years if that happened, that would be old filthy bro. And they proms together. No filthy that. Oh boy. Pop might live a little longer. That might put an extra 10 on Pop Pop might take the honey pack. I'm gonna coach this team one way or nothing. Hey man, tonight's game.


We go see who y'all feeling tonight. We got the Pacers at the Magic we y'all got fuck 'em. Yeah, Take that as you going with the Pacers. Who you got here? I'm going with. You know the real Blue shout out to Penny Hardaway and them. Shout out to the lineage Nick Anderson and him. Well thank God neither one of them are playing tonight. Got the Pacers. He hosted the game. Nick Anderson. He might miss the game. Shout to the free throws I got. I got the magic though. You outta pocket? Yep. Honestly, I don't know how many more times we played the magic this year but we played them enough in the first month of the season. Yeah, in that same, what's the name though right? What is it in The season tournament and the, no I don't think so. I Don't even, nah y'all cup is, I'm tripping. Y'all cup is the heat. I Don't even know how to work.


I don't even know how that shit, it is separated into 14 groups. You play all them two home Tim away It is Tuesdays and Friday, something like that Because Y'alls this weekend starts with the heat I was out of pocket. Yeah, that's right. Oh Okay. For sure. But yeah Patriots, you know how we went Celtic a Nets. Yeah. Revenge game. Yeah. Sit down Jaylen JT gets to play. Yeah, nothing. Why would you be He had 37 man. Because Bro wasn't a healthy 37 bro. He shot pretty good bro. Elgar wasn't, He wasn't gunning too bad. He just shooting more than you would like him. Shoot he, He was gunning bro. But we passed that bro. Shout to J Ain't no hate bro. Keep doing Your thing. So contest is we gonna Celtics? Yeah. Okay. Bulls at Nicks? We going with the Knicks, Nicks.


Okay. Light work Calves at 76ers. I'm going with the Cavs Sixers. Oh Sixers handed the first L to the Cs. Joel ain't playing. Oh he ain't Paul George ain't playing. Yeah, get well soon Sixers. Okay that that well Philly up man. Okay that was, that was a quick flip Of the stick. I forgot Y Right. I forgot that fast today. Not playing tonight. That pisses me off anymore. So yeah, Cavs PTO Pelicans at Thunder. Thunder, thunder. Yeah. I don't even know who played for the Pelicans right now. Everybody is hurt except for be all That is crazy. Shout to Brendan Boston though. He be hooping. Most definitely got an opportunity to show that he can, he can contribute to a team. I even liked him a little bit with the Clippers. He didn't get to play that much. But yeah he, he can definitely show. Yeah, I'm glad he getting a chance to show people he can hoop man.


'cause he was one of the one and done kids that get lost in the shuffle and now he getting his opportunity and he making the most of it. Most definitely Tub B game the first one. The Pistons at Bucks. Yeah you could have skipped that one. Yeah, I'm, Because I don't even know if Dam playing. Ana's been going crazy though. That Me killing T bring him back. Yeah, I'm gonna go with the Bucks. Going with the bucks. Somebody told me ta on the team, he just hurt or something. I don't know. Yeah. Didn't he terrorist achi in off season, something like that. Yeah that'd being funny. But I don't know if they signed him back though. I gotta tap into that. Oh he gotta be, I gotta put him somewhere around bro. 'cause honestly all the help he can get. But you run with BN What The hell was he doing man? Working out bro. Respect that. He is a professional athlete. Fuck.


I don't care bro. Just pick money bro. Stevie Wonder that pick Alright bad. Y'all see Stevie Wonder trying to kiss him old buddy. The trying Well yeah, trying to What Jesse Jackson? Yeah boy Damn. I was like god damn, I ain't know Jesse was the old. Oh yeah Jesse threw, he hanging on. He just, I said they might as well put Jesse in the motherfucker museum and let motherfuckers walk past him. He ain't worth for Damn. Yeah. Make sure he gets to eBay finals this year. Jesse, Jesse Jackson is a wax museum character. I said if y'all throw him in Vegas and put the what they do?


Hey put Jesse in Vegas and left somebody. What's the do to me? I can't stop crying. What's the voiceover? What's the old nigga that be doing the voiceover on there? Rrb James Earl Jones trying to fuck give a speech about Jesse Jackson. He was that this doing this. Stevie Freaky as Stevie Water freaky ass Stevie came over there. That nigga in his mouth. I said man if his son or brother didn't tag Stevie in his fucking chin, I'd knocked the be Stevie.


I knocked the bees outta Stevie's shit. Kissing my his like that bitch did. Where's his? I don't even know who one he see I shit be shitty. See that be Jeff. That be Jeff Y'all I'm trying to do this five 20 in the Morning shit. But they be turning to Club five 20 sometimes. Oh man, for real? Oh Man, That was funny as fuck. What is that Spur? Who y'all got clip that?


Luis. Oh man. Oh man. Jesse Jackson won that game. Clippers at Rockets. Rockets. Oh Go with the Rockets when you guys, Oh no man, let's get this show. Grizzlies at Lakers. Lakers Take the Lakers man. T Wolves at Blazers. Damn again? Yeah. Ah damn. Sick of them niggas. T Wolves. T Wolves gotta wear Sons at Kings. I'm gonna take the The Kings. Alright we're gonna take the Kings. Y'all take The Kings with that one. Verify buckets. Behead. Who was getting to yesterday fault? We gotta get into Steph. Nasty. My fault. Nasty. Oh no, I'll let y'all probably give it stuff y'all want to. I'm taking Tyler hero bro. 40 Ball. Yeah.


I'm glad to see Tyler getting back into that bag man. He's a special. Special. My favorite Saan in the league for sure. For sure. Yeah. But you got Nacho. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Steph. Man. What you did last night was impressive. Hitting the dagger three. Talking to shit man I fucked with it. I'm sorry to use that language but B got me out my like I'm laughing bro. So my bad. But I'm gonna roll with Steph bro. He put on a performance last night. Pulse. Come on man. You know I'm an honorary Hornet so I gotta, I got Rockwood Ello smooth 35 and seven something slight yesterday. It doesn't matter if they got blown out 'cause my boy was still hooping. We care about these stats anyway. I know we talk about NBA on this show, but I wanna shout out to Rosa Ocon 'cause he hit a finesse yesterday.


If he'd been paying any attention to the Bitcoin, it was been very beneficial to people who invested this week. My boy got half of his salary in 20, 26 0.5 million converted to Bitcoin. Now it is worth more than that contract at 20 EMS in the investment. That is very five buckets to me. 'cause you getting that money the right way. Yeah. Who, who? Damn. Yeah, finesse. Yeah. Everybody probably clowning him for doing that too at one point. Like Yeah. Yeah. Caught him crazy. And there's other players who've been trying to do it. That's like okay. What they try like even I think CJ mc. Yeah, Spencer Spencer did with he other. Spencer did with, he tried to do that too. Yeah. Yeah. That that cryptocurrency can get shaky. But hey, I'm happy to see his success story. I'm, I need to see how he get the money out. How how you Yeah, like how you converted to cash?


I ain't seen it before. Gonna say they got ATMs and stuff now. Yeah but ah for real. Make sure you do it now. Nasty. 'cause you know that market get wicked. Yeah he better pull that pause. He better get that money out today. I'm cashing the in. Oh yeah, for sure. The investment's made. Yeah. Favorite segment of the show be he who needs some encouragement yesterday. Get well soon. Giannis Bruno, Fernando, My boy Bruno. I play with Bruno Real Hands. Where at? In Atlanta. Oh. Oh my god. He did that. Bruno couldn't catch with shit when I played on his team. Who was that with that sweater on? Scotty? Scotty Barnes? Yeah. He definitely dressed like set it off motherfuck Honey Mustard sweater.


Scotty. You outta pocket. How Motherfucker I was gonna say something. I first team all June save it for five 20. Scotty Barnes. Yeah, I was gonna say so I'm gonna say hey I know Y Shot block be it out the way bro. That's crazy. Yeah, he dunking too. He look like he dressed like dude that be Head. What's that little character that be with the fist? He caught him. Arthur. Arthur with the fist. Same sort of Arthur Hat On side by side. Him Louise for sure. He called him Arthur. Arthur Park. Eric's phone get to get well soon, man. Normally we don't do this to Ghost man. But you calling him that time out yesterday man. To, to result of losing the game is crazy. Definitely Crazy Bro.


Get well soon. Eric and I had to bring something about weekend man. Fran Brown, head coach, football coach. He says that after losses he does not shower. Teague as a head coach. I want to ask you. Nah, is that okay? I shower bro. I ain't, I ain't that sad we lost. Fuck it said. I don't Go home. He don't got no hoe He could afford. He could afford not shower. Yeah, He ain't got no hoe bro. Yeah, that's crazy. Not sharing. I mean I don't get the point of that. Listen, I love winning but ain't know I'm about to be funky or losing. That's crazy. That's wild Bro. I think he lying. But anything for the cliques For sure. Hey listen, yesterday's show got early ended earlier than they expected. So we couldn't make some money be here's Wednesday people trying to get some money for the weekend.


Yeah. Crash out. Y'all know what time it is bro. Blocker get rid of her. Replace her today Out to Brian James. We have Kim Thomas. 25 points. Mm. Jason Tatum passed the ball. Jalen Brown, 30 points. Mm, freaky Ben. Mathre 20. That's life for him. Shay 30, Jalen Green, 25. LeBron's gonna get 25 tonight. Victor for sure is gonna get 30.


So you know a hundred dollars wins you a grand total of $34,000. So guys tap in, bro. You know, I mean crash her bank account, get rid of her. Like I said, replace her baby. It's almost a holidays. And make sure you use Draftings and if you're not hip, the Draft Kings use promo Code Club five 20 get you a little bit of extra money for these crash out parlays to be here and can win you some money for the holidays. The Crown and George. Yeah, you did that good dj. You know what I'm saying? We trying to get a little bit more money outta this situation. Yeah. All right. Draft Kings tap in. I send my thousand so I can bet. Oh wow. Because I got it. They said the Bitcoin. Oh yeah. Send a Bitcoin or hurry up.


What's the bet on Jesse going to the nursing home or the wax museum? Oh my God, I'm taking the over look what going there Mike? We gotta go. Listen, before we get outta here, we gonna holler at the live chat man. We appreciate y'all supporting us, man. Before we get outta here, this is where it went Wiki yesterday in the episode. We tried to get a live chat and we ended up being offline. So yeah, we probably gonna end up offline soon, so, okay. Oh, we back. Okay. Freaky Mike Ben, his bag. He said its a redemption game. Yeah, somebody said it was a legacy game. That's hilarious.


That was funny though. But that took me out. I was weak. I I ain't gonna lie, I can't see that for, you're gonna have to read that to me. He said I got a glass of red fox hat on at Harlem Nights. That's funny as hell. That's funny as shit. Who said that? All week? B John. B John. Oh, he hilarious. Shout to Bodega Cat is crazy. Convinced B Here. No watch sports at this point. Damn man. Hey. No, you here. Piss is better than the Pacers. The real P real P dj. Love having two hands on it. Pause.


That is crazy. And now you got some of mine. Pause. Get on my club. Five 20 here. Yeah, he was here this morning for sure. He said it for the catch head. Shout out to Jesse Jackson. He don't watch the show. He might go away from the electronics. Freaky might. Oh man. Shout out to the comments man. We appreciate y'all man. Tune in every Monday through Thursday. We about to get up outta here. Patreon tap in. We take early calls to start your day off. We appreciate all the support. Yeah, we'll be back tomorrow, five 20 in the Morning, The Volume.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on Tag one. Cash back like a Pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa. Two. Whoa. Amazon books. That reading Feeling awaits.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla, roo, baby, and Colors in contrast, popping day of night with GLA free Oles and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung ai tv. Discover more at Samsung dot com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.