
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The Name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is dj. Will joined this morning for morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother TG Fellas say y'all doing this morning. What's happening Bro? Okay. TG turned up man. Hey man, we saw Wipe Me Down, we saw with the with the Booy talk. Who had the best verse on Wipe Me Down Weby. Okay. Nah bro. Hell nah. That's crazy. Respect Down and spell his name. Respect to the song man. Classic for sure. Booy, we need you on the pod. Hey man, shout out to Playback. We was up working last night man, watching this great game by the Thunder in the Celtics yesterday.


Thunder got the dub yesterday won 18 to one 12 SGA went crazy yesterday. 34 and seven. Che Hooped out 23 and 15. My bad. Yeah, You know Chad was on as last night talking about Che. We'll talk about some more though. JT showed up with 33 and eight. Derrick White hooped out with 22 and eight and JB went five for 15 yesterday with only 10 points and he fouled out the game unfortunately. Yeah, we can talk about that af. That shit's hilarious. But hey that was a crazy game yesterday, man. Thunder getting that win without J Dub. I know the Pika set out but that's an impressive win. How y'all feel about it? Nah, it was, it was a good game bro. And to what Jeff was saying, I mean he just, bro just wasn't explaining it for real and our camera shit was going in and out.


Chegg just ain't, he gotta get stronger, that's it. Oh definitely. Yeah, he gotta get stronger to compete down in the paint. But he was, he's a killer bro. He's a killer Man watching SGA takeover in that third quarter. Yesterday was crazy. Yeah, he looked like he was the best player on the court. Nah and I didn't even know they swept him this year. Yeah, that's that's crazy. Yeah, the last game they played, they showed him down the second half and yesterday was a very, very close game. Obviously Celtics ain't gonna have Jalen Brown shooting five for 15 again, but shout out to the thunder, the rotations in the second half really showed up for show Man Celtics shit. Way too many threes. It's, they so capable of getting to the basket like we set it countless times on the po.


I mean on watching the game last night, drew holiday's at the rim wide open layups kicking 'em out for threes and I get it, You know, touch the paint, kick it out and get threes. But he had layups and they would turn down layups for threes and they ain't shoot. Well what they shot 60 something threes last night. Yeah and they only hit about 2064 probably, Which is insane And I'm not even gonna say insane. That's what they do. Yeah, 20 for 63 they had so many opportunities to get to the layups and Jason Tatum had a mismatch every time. Yeah, 6 10, 2 30 he can get to the pave whenever he wanted but You know they sold it for a bunch of threes and that's what's that could be the Achilles seal right there if they're not shooting the ball Well.


Mm, I mean they can guard they got all that but SGA know they put pressure on you, they get to the free throw line casting, Wallace gets to the line, he gets to the basket. Chet rebounding trying to get his open, You know his open put backs and things like that. They get to the paint and that's the only thing the Celtics didn't do last night. They didn't touch the paint. Really? Yeah, Most definitely. Like you said K Wallace had a hell of a game yesterday. Eric Wigs has been hooping but he did not show up at all yesterday. Put up a dud yesterday. But Kason Wallace hooped out yesterday. I wanna talk a little bit more about the Celtics. You talked about this on the stream man Luke Cornett be giving him crazy minutes but Al Horford was really hooping last night. Yeah, Al. Yeah He kept it close. He played 40. Yeah bro he didn't even play what, 33 minutes yesterday?


What's his plus? His plus minus had to be OD yesterday bro. Damn it went to a negative. Nah they they sold on Al 'cause Al was keeping him afloat. That's crazy. Your plus minus don't say nothing 'cause he in there. He was was in the group. He was in there with a group that wasn't playing well. Yeah but he was playing well. Yeah. So your plus minus is basically a overall team thing. Like if you in there with, if you are playing good and your team's not while you in there it is fucked up. I could have 25 and a quarter and we down seven at the half but I was killing but our team just had a bad quarter but now my plus minus is a minus seven whatever. Yeah I believe in all teamwork but in that situation, hey I was hooping bro don't don't put that plus minus on me bro.


Y just wasn't hit. I'm pretty sure Luke corn plus minus is high though. Or it's gotta be even he had to break even or something. He was native one. That's crazy. Look but I mean they lost the game so I get it but he was 14 minutes. He was hooping didn't miss a shot. Come on bro. Yesterday they needed Peyton Prichard. Yeah he didn't show up yesterday. He Didn't give him, he didn't give him nothing yesterday man. Dang. Because this basic, his game is, You know I love Peyton but his game is based off him making threes. Yeah. So if he's not hitting threes two for nine he don't really do anything else. You know what I mean? Right. Like he can but just in that offense, if he's not making his three Yeah he a good defender. He competes but if he's not making his threes it don't really matter.


Did they look at Drew? What? Did Drew have nine last night? If I'm correct? Yeah that's not gonna get it done. Yeah that's not gonna get it done. Is that more to say about how good OKC was or we gonna say Boston had a off night. I mean KC competed but we watched JR Holiday literally walked to the basket and kicked the ball up. He coulda had another eight points if he just either dunked it because He was scoring that at Will. It was light. He Actually shot the ball that wasn't a three. You probably scored it heavy on if it wasn't a three real For real. 'cause I think he was probably one them for seven. I think he's up there for for threes. He was, he was settling all of 'em was settling. Yeah JB was for sure. Settling One for seven from three is crazy Too. Him going to the hole and kicking it out. I'm like yeah he throwing the game bro.


Yeah. Acting like Terry, he had so many opportunities to score a layup and was just kicking it out. I'm like that ain't even your game damn near like you aggressive like going to the basket type of player. So hey man free Terry Rose here man. I don't know what he got, what he got going on but free free guys man. For sure. Silver Chat. You know somebody wrote me on Instagram like 30 times like I'm the dude that was the middleman between him and Jte Porter. I'm like bro get off Malcolm. Stop. Right bro. I think I blocked him. The real agent Super Chat said Malcolm is nice and too cake. Mike was getting F gs up but the lights were too bright for him. When you running with us Teague young Horatio is this really is this Malcolm burner account?


Let's make sure Know I have 14 points, four assists, two rebounds. Oh how, what was it you shot like the damn shout free last night. Let's Let's not talk about that. Six for 20 in the six for 21 in the pickup game. You don't even play 2K. You think you ever get 20 shot to but he also told me he went one for 10 to his first 11 attention. I said so you decided to keep shooting Like who let you, who y'all play with? Y'all was playing with him. Mike told them, Mike told them if y'all don't pass me the ball I'm quitting. Hold on. So he y'all play with them? Yep with this dude right here. Yep. Yo right show we need a live Report. Yeah. Mike is never scared of them bright lights bro. Trust me He bring Them.


He lives behind these for sure. Oh but that's crazy but shooting 20 shots And you really ass at 2K is crazy. 14 points and we won by 30. That make it even worse. So y'all playing some bums And you And you misstepping shots And y'all some hoes for for letting him tell y'all that like he good. Yeah because they came up so quick. I quit Y'all passing Definitely kept passing the ball. I would've been like he gonna be a AI soon as hell nigga this would be CPU Nigga ain't never played a serious basketball game in his life. Shout for free. You might forget that bitch I with that. You acting like them or them a U kid. I, I'm just gonna say that.


Shout to the kids Junior. Oh HGA becomes a seven player with 60 straight games of 20 points or more. That is crazy. We look through this list of people who have accomplished this. You got KD from 2015 to 16, he had 64 in a row. Kobe oh 5 0 6 has 62 in a row. MJ has 69 in a row from, that's crazy man. That is crazy. 90 to 91 69 games to 20 plus Jabbar 62, 71 to 72 Will did 80. Oscar Robinson did 76. Yeah you better put some respect on Oscar name boy. Yeah. Yo Oscar who?


Robinson. Hey you see what Oscar Robinson was talking about Draymond? I don't give a fuck Draymond my nigga not that dinky 76 in a row boy. Yeah man. Respect. Okay I guess you shitting Me for sure. Move on man. Now after this game can we finally say we feel confident that thunder are real contenders. We keep talking about the Boston Celtics at SW this year. I know the regular season don't always matter but Man it don't because Jeff and 'em play good against the Cavs. That's true. And you see what happened to them. So regular season really don't mean nothing man it really, It is really a middle fingers in the ear to you. But I'm gonna be real respectful. Nah, I didn't mean, I'm just saying like a team like that play really well Not being like that Against a Cavs team.


Great regular season run but You know shit you gotta prove yourself in that, in that playoff man. It's a different beast. For real. Yeah Because that could just be one. That's one game right there. They gotta wake up two days later and do it again. Facts. It's different. What? Sure man. Shout out to OKC. If we getting the W yesterday. Hey play well Though. I'm still my guys Most definitely Rockets got the win yesterday. 1 11, 1 0 4 gets the sons hey load up to Drake. Steven Adams the young Plum got into it yesterday. Real plum. Damn. Steven Adams Steve a so strong he hadn't even mobilized bro. That's father time though.


Yeah that What caused that though. I mean what is that? What you doing bro? Let go of me. Yeah Stephen Adams out of pocket bro. Steve Adams all Chill out Plumbing from Indiana bro. We ain't Fucking gone go fucking or that's crazy. Fuck about That. Where you from? I hate that Draymond be doing that shit like holding people under they arm bro. Let me go man. I'm from Indiana, I ain't gone. That's hilarious man. Shout out to the plums man. That's What the Suns is good for right now man. Shout out to Jalen Green. Got it done yesterday 29 and seven. Shay going had 20 and seven as well. Brad Bill Hooped out with 25 Katie and book both had 19 Jalen Green. We've been talking about his development tee.


What's the next step for him? What he need to do to go to the next level to be a pretty much all star? Obviously he gotta raise his scoring. Okay. I think he's at what, 21 A game 20 somewhere around there. Maybe I'm wrong, I don't know. But his overall, yep right. 21 like he's killing. It's a great year for him but his presence just gotta be felt a little more for like you gotta know he the guy on the team and I don't think we, anytime we talk about him, we don't feel like he the guy. Yeah we feel like he one of the guys. Right. And we don't think it's him as the go-to player on the Rockets. We like man we could trade Jalen Green. You know we, we kind of go with the Thompson twin a little bit and I think the next level for him is just knowing he the guy and embracing that.


'cause You know he with a new coach in MA, you gotta get to know the coaches and he's starting to turn into his own person. He's starting to mature a little bit And you see it in this game. So I think it's next step is just knowing that he's the guy. You got all the qualities. Yeah, Most definitely. All the dudes around him Gotta believe it too though. So however much work he put in in the off season during the year or whatever, the guys around him gotta believe he that guy but his talent is there. Like he got all the tools to be the guy like you said but like watching K, cutting him take that step. Okay. Being a guy, it is his turn and You know they've been I guess You know rival rival competitors or whatever.


That's a since High rivalry too. I can't wait to see what that really turned into as they really grow old and lead for real. Yeah but K took that step. Yeah. 26 a game almost 10 assist like You know he the guy like Yeah It's a lens like They go as far as Detroit go. Yeah as far Detroit goes, as far as Kade goes. But we can't say that the same about the Rockets. So it be like any given night, one of the guys from the Rockets can be the best player on the team. Yeah You also have Shake go too. So That was gonna be my counter that obviously I, we feel like Ka might be got the edge on him right now but the fact that he does have another All-Star and other quality players. I'm not gonna say Detroit don't but you like you this Rockus team so they probably have a little bit more talent than that Detroit team for show he gotta pass the ball more.


It ain't that. It is just like SGA got talent talented player. He got Jay Williams. You talking about separating yourself? Yeah. Oh yeah I'm rolling. I'm just saying that that's the dub the argument that I see a lot from J Dub Che And you, you just know Shaa is the guy like I'm rolling and Shaa was on the team where he was with Chris Paul Dennis Schroder and we never said he was the guy at that time we thought CP was the guy we knew he was nice, he was averaging 20, he was kind of the same mode as Jalen Green. Yeah he was getting shit done. He was averaging 20 true and then he took that next leap and that's all he gotta do is take that next step. Like all right. Yeah I got Sha go, he nice, he my center, he giving me 20 of points a game but all right I'm gonna give you 25.


Yeah. Yeah Jaylee Green gotta be like bro I need that ball in the fourth quarter. Yeah like I gotta be that guy. Okay. I can see that being the next but they gotta believe it once your team believe it, he got the talent. Obviously it jumps off the screen when you watch him play. Yeah but he just gotta take that next step. Yeah. Jalen Green is cold for sure. That definitely miss for everybody Fleet. I'm happy he's backing the line up. I know Thompson twin is out but they are a different team when he's on the court for sure man. Some of those rookie mistakes they were doing losing those close games. I don't think they lose those with Fred but for sure shout to 'em for getting a W yesterday. I don't know what we say about the Suns, we don't know what they gonna do. Yeah we know they gotta trade people 'cause they don't have no assets so we'll figure that out. I don't think they should fire but I mean it's one year.


I mean shit that team was just a bad team. Yeah you can't put that on Bud. We said, I told you Bud do way better with less. Like he was biting, he was fighting an uphill battle. He got two, I guess you can say Premier, two guards most definitely one of them. One of them gonna be uncomfortable. We said that from the beginning. Yeah. Yep. And now it look like they all uncomfortable Deep book don't look like the normal deep book. Yeah and Bradley Bill just looked confused on the court yesterday and He hooped out he had 25 yesterday. Yeah but I'm just saying it's just like damn he couldn't even get like in the real rhythm. He kept running to the corner. I'm like damn that ain't even how he hoop.


Yeah because they used to being focal points in the offense. Yeah and when you the third option you might get some easy shots or whatever but you ain't a focal point. That's why I said that team just didn't mix with like if KD was a natural big, maybe a KD was a pick and pop four man kd a two guard book, a two guard Brad Bill, two guard. Like if he was a pick and pop, I don't know who he, if he played like Al Horford then it might've worked, You know what I mean? He said screens pick and pop and them two dudes played off of KD screens and stuff like that. But KD a two guard, he needs screens needed out the wing for sure. Oh yeah. So it was just not a good fit. Super chat James ass Shaa 2025 where his harden breakout season with the Rockets.


Who y'all starting to team around? Oof. I I'm rolling with Jimmy. I'm rolling with James. Yeah I'm I'm going with James Harden But I love Shay though. What Shay doing with that young core. I think people forget too, James is winning 50 50 plus games with them teams as well. Yeah. James Harden was gonna tow to one of the best teams in NBA history. Yeah I I think people fail to realize that as much as they say he was dominating the ball, his teams were still overachieving at that time. So For sure. Great question. For sure. Let's get straight to it man. T Wolves six straight win yesterday man took care of the Nuggets. Built a ass situation one 15 to 95.


The real JR is back baby 25 and four. AE had 29 yo cooped out 34 and eight as usual and You know Russ had 19 six straight dub. Man how you feel about it? 10 straight when JR plays That's a, that's a good win for the team bro. Okay. Because they played against the quality team yesterday so that's a good dub. I don't wanna put too much sauce on it but definitely, definitely see them. Good to see them in the up and up for sure. Most definitely. Super chat Delaine White acts. I think the Nuggets are better with Westbrook and the starting lineup And what you thinking ever happened to his mid-range? I don't know. Russ used to have a crazy midi. I like him as starting PG but he's to me valuable off the bench too for them.


I mean they went on the run with eight when Aaron Gordon was out started. Yeah I mean I like, I like West Brook. I mean people go through ups and downs during the season so this might be a bad loss but I don't know what happened to the midi. That mother used to be deadly automatic. I mean that come with like he had so much freedom. Yeah he had so much free reign to do what he wanted. Like now you got, you getting 11, 12 shots when you was used to getting 28 to 30 shots. That's a big change. Different type of rhythm. Yeah he might not look as good no more. Like you could miss 10, you still know you had 10 more. That makes sense. You know what I mean?


Your confidence was different. Yeah but when you only getting 12 shots now when you was getting 30 it's a little Different. 12 shots is good on that goddamn team. Yeah But You know up 30 shots a game. Yeah y'all move out the way it is. Gilbert Arenas watch the Wizard Ball. You got NPJ and Jamal Murray and then yo. Yeah we ain't got no touches for you. So Russ is what the fourth option? No maybe fifth because Eric Gordon touches Jesus. Yeah. And he's still performing like this. Shout out to Russ man. Nah Rus professional bro. Going to one to five man you still capable of getting a dub man, you raw. He a legend bro. Yeah bro. One of the best ever still impacts the game bro. Even if he ain't shooting well he gonna play hard and go rebound.


Yeah, legend for sure. Yeah. Super chat its Ricki May X. How many big market teams out there in the NBA? Me always says this guy should be in a better market but I feel like there's only four cities. It's not too many big, big markets. Yeah. It's only New York, California. Well lemme say not California, New York, la, Chicago and Boston. I'm like the big markets team. So that's really it. Only four la the New York the biggest. Yeah for sure. La New York, Chicago, Chicago and then Boston. Boston for sure. Yeah.


You're not gonna say any Florida teams. No because they wasn't even going on LeBron there. Small market Texas, small market teams, I mean Golden State now Gold State's a big market now. San France, the tech, the tech world. It's a big market. Shout to stuff. Damn. Is the, is the Maverick? I don't know if the No that's a small market team. Oh I was gonna say I know about TV market size. We got Philly up there. Philly a big market but yeah, I mean it is, it's relevant to the NBA. I don't know 'cause that it is not like they ever like pushing them. Nah but at LA Chicago, New York. Yeah NBA is not happy about a a 76 ERs final.


The Wizards been higher than the Boston is funny as hell But they pushed Boston so much. Yeah. Ever since ever. You know what I mean? Yeah Boston always been. That's a solid List though. For sure. Alright man. Five and five. The last 10 games Nuggets. Did they need to figure it out before they go into the playoffs or just they ain't tripping, they just ready to get started. I'm gonna be Real bro. I'm just ready for the playoffs to start. Okay. Last 17 games like everybody was trying to Olympic across the line. Yeah I'm just ready for the games to begin bro. Yeah, people lock in differently for the playoffs. Like okay you would love to see a team rolling before they hit the playoffs like catching their stride. But all you gotta do is win your last six or seven games And you rolling.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like you you hooping. Hooping. So if they go on the street they win four in a row before the playoffs starts. It's like oh okay. Okay here come the Nuggets. But whatever For sure. Good win for sure there.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA, you pick how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player. Props new customers Bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the record DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey, Believe me he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Leg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut who we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Flow of Substance Acts. Even though Boston has the best group on film, is it their dynasty or still set up in the air which franchise will dominate this era? Shit, they could definitely go back to back. I mean it can go back to back but I think it's up in the era. I don't see no, I mean I think Boston is the best team but it ain't clear cut like Cavaliers are playing great basketball. Yeah, thunder playing great basketball now you got the Lakers. If LeBron come back healthy, they in the mix Denver in the mix. It ain't no clear cut. We think Boston is the favorite 'cause we seen what they did last year and they returned everybody and we think they playing at a high level but it's up in the air.


We just watched Boston lose last night. Most of they ain't had J Dub so I don't know. Yeah, we just watched a Mav team go to the finals last year that nobody's on the team anymore. Yeah, it could change any year but shout to Celtics that dub got a chance to make a dynasty. Tony Reds asked with high school ball wrapping up, how important is it to pop off in the state? Also, does any deal with kids transferring to not play against competition? That is everywhere Tony. Everybody ducking smoke. Yeah, I mean mm. I don't know if they transferring to duck smoke but Yeah because It ain't, I mean who you ducking for real here? I don't really, I mean people dunk competition a lot. That's what I'm saying. Just in general.


People don't, I don't know about here though. Everywhere people duck smoke Unless you going, I mean 'cause we pretty much even all already around we got a lot of good teams And you ain't really, you ain't going from four A to one a damn near here Saying kids like on roster like not Well I ain't gonna say the school 'cause that'd be important but say somebody alright, I don't wanna compete for a starting spot, I'm gonna dip to this school. That's what I mean. I'm not saying like you gotta play somebody but You know we know a lot of kids that You know hey I ain't gonna get that Nah about nah I'm starting here. All right, I'm gonna go see what's up over here. Oh that's what I was meaning by that. I got Y'all. All right. I'm on the same page as y'all now. For sure.


Probably though I just, I don't know. It is the transferring now. It is a open, what do you call it? Open playing field I guess to put it in smaller terms like kids can go anywhere now. So I don't know. It'd be different for the city now. We ain't had that leisure. Nah For a long time. Say it's not letting people go nowhere. Yeah so it's different here. We gotta see how that really pan out For sure. Good question. Knicks beat the base yesterday in OT one 14 to one 13. Go ahead and load up the Drake ke Bridges for game yesterday. That is a good question though. 'cause even with you like kids when you was at Pike, y'all really was supposed to have a crazy whip.


A lot of people disappeared when y'all was in school. Had to like Morgan Newton just to say a few names. Not to throw names. Bus Shouts my dog Morgan. Yeah Hu and them they left so I mean opportunity. Yeah the block was too hot. Yeah, especially at that guard position You talking about all these people who are all division one point guards place. That's What damn made me think about y'all school. I was like damn. Nah Tee and them they had a every cold guard nigga But I ain't gonna lie in the city this, this ain't no shas or none of them, especially on my dq. But once you left And you got your opportunity, you hooped. But when adversity hit it made it you like if you went through that when adversity hit you was used to It. Oh okay.


Like if you went to school or wherever you went you was used to fighting through something like damn because I wanted to leave. Yeah. And I, I would've left. I think that would've played a role when I was at Wake Forest. Damn When I wasn't playing it is just there. I probably You In a battle. Yeah I probably been like shit but battling Tony James and Reese and all them for playing time all the time. I was used to it like man shit I just gotta kill him. I gotta do this. I gotta strong better than him. Yeah. That's what made me not have friends though. Ah okay. That was the downside Of it. Yeah, that's the downside. I ain't had no friends like Ish was just so nice that he still was my friend but shout to Isha talk about it was the other way around.


I would not been his friend, You know what I mean? If he was acting, I was acting I wouldn't he just a nice guy and even like in school like me and Reese and all them we compete and like we damn ain't like each other. Almost like we we rock with each other. Yeah I guess 'cause we had to but we ain't really like each other. Okay. Shout out to cheap my dog for sure because we was competing. Yeah. Niggas was compete for sure. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like you got a little Dangerous. He like, he like Bro we competing too much. Yeah We ain't Kids miss that in school though now it ain't like that no more. But the crazy thing is both of y'all went to the league and and y'all perspective sports. Yeah but the thing was we still wanted to win. Yep. Yeah like I wanted to when we got on the court together it was like you still wanted to win but when we was in practice it was like I'm better now.


Yeah but that adversity give you a little more when it's always handed to you bro. Man. When it is not handed to you in your future, When you get, when it get, when you get older it kind of At some point you gotta deal with it handicap when a rubber meet the road. And I seen a bunch of people respect. I ain't say, I say I Ain't say, I ain't say road Spark for real Adversity. I ain't say role sparks. Role Sparks gets you through that adversity. No with without. The rubber ain't play the clip. Yeah played the game. Play Mike for Game Bow.


Remember how everybody hated his jumper early in the year. It don't look, it look different now when That first game, that jump shot looked wicked. That's how Burst crazy Though. Studio O Sun got like that as wild. Yeah It back to old jump. Wow. Yeah it is. I'm tired niggas Jo on me. Hey Look at K Arms off please play Again. Yeah any nigga reach out for a hug like that. It's crazy bro. Please be playing again. Look at Cat Arms in the corner. I definitely don't wanna hug you Don Bro. Kat I'm not supposed to throw you the ball here. It's two seconds left. Look how you reach out for a hug. Like let it roll. That's a nasty ass team.


Shout to the next. Oh man. Oh man listen, Mikhail Bridge went crazy yesterday. 33 in the game. Winner OG Hooped out with 23 and seven Catty Stan with 21 and seven. Scoot had 30 yesterday. Your mans unfor today took the L yesterday. It's funny 'cause Mikhail Bridges winning the like an interview I guess basically talking about the playing time with Tibs and Tibs responded quote unquote. Can we play that clip please? Tibs don't give a fuck what they talking about. Tibs broke it down. Real simple. I like to hear what he said. Minutes. Give the match guys some opportunities. I was wondering what your Thoughts were. Well well we never had a conversation about it but the facts are the facts and when you look at our, our team and the way it works is jail in place.


35 minutes, that's, he's in the top 20, I think he's 20th or 21st in minutes. Played Kat is a primary scorer. He plays less than Jalen. So he's like 25th in the league. In average minutes your wings play more. Right. So they're matched up with primary scores. So the way it works is if Jason Tatum is in the game and Jalen Brown is in the game, OG will be in the game and and Mikhail will be in the game. When those guys go out, they go out. When they come back they come back. You try to keep the matchups. That's a fact. And you look at the league, all those guys are playing 36, 37 minutes. Whether it's Durant about 10 more seconds, A Tatum, a Brown, the wings are gonna play more so their primary wing defenders.


So that's the way it works. And then sometimes you're caught in matchups. So the Lakers are, were big wings so you gotta deal with that. And you look at Mikhail's minutes have gone down, we started the season with Landry Hurt and Juice with not a hundred percent. So the Our Wings did play more so are they playing a little bit more than I would like you probably 35, 36 is where you, that's where Mikhail is. You look at the last 10 games he's playing 35 minutes a game and four of those games are overtime games. Yeah. Hey Tiz broke down very simple for y'all. We talking about he'd be killing people. I know that. We gonna let them jokes fly anyway but it all makes sense to me. All shit.


I see little cut your miss down 29 ass to be mad as fuck. Well trust me I was one of them guys play 29 minutes And you go somewhere and play 36. You like oh I could have been averaging 20 my whole career. Yeah you just gotta stay healthy. That's all you gotta do. But man don't nobody wanna come out the game man. Scratch off. They don't wanna come out the game. It's Kat. Nah it's ka fam bro. I mean I was talking to PJ Tucker yesterday, we bro people do not wanna come out the game. I used to see him run to the bench and be mad when they accept him out. Like what we doing like nigga play 43 minutes.


Yeah shout out to PJ newest Nick. Yeah well you competing too. You definitely don't wanna come out. It's just situation. But I used to wanna come out the game like when I was in my prime I did not wanna come out the game. I used to be shitty. Like what? Sit on the bench for eight minutes straight. Damn. Yeah. And you watch Kyle Lowry playing in 38 minutes a game. You like Little BBO Kyle. Nah I'm just saying you do not wanna come out the game bro. So that's cool. You ain't never heard Jalen Brunson complain. Yeah other girl say I like, I like how you started say me and Myel never had a conversation because something for what you talk about you gonna play regardless. Shout to tears man. The blazer just lost the last five games. But what you like about the scene at Young Core?


You spoke highly of them. I like how hard they play. Okay. They exciting to watch. They need to get rid of Grant for Jimmy Grant. Yeah not even friend, he just, he just don't fit that team. Like they have something going with them young boys. They had one dude coming off the bench man I can't remember his name but he was competing hard. What's my guy's name? Dy what's his name that went to played in Washington? I don't know how I say his name. Avira? Yeah he be hoop. He be playing, he playing 27 15. He be playing well. I just like them young guys like let them young guys rock out. Sit Jeremy Grant down and all them and just let these young dudes exciting team some high flyer losing Deandre Aton though that played a role in Why they on this losing streak though?


Most definitely Somebody could use Jeremy Grant. Hell yeah. Yeah. But yeah go ahead and move him around. Yeah. Hey Simon too go somewhere. Nah, he gotta keep him. Keep him. Okay. Yeah Keep him 'cause Harper on the way But Deandre Aton losing him is the reason they fell off like that. Okay. He was playing well I love to see what draft pick they get and see what Chauncey do with 'em. Especially if it's a guard like to have your head coach be Chauncey billers bro, that's a hell of a headstart. So if you get a Dylan Harper type player, that could be a combo's. Why was I was kind of struggling with school. I'm like you kind of built like Chauncey, you way more athletic. Like why is it not, I mean he had 30 points this game but why is it not translating so quick?


Yeah like And you got the opportunity Probably should learning the game too. I get that. But you took a different role like you been in the NBA system for Yeah. Longer than everybody else. Like G League Unite, you went G League Unite what He did two years in the G League or I don't even know how long it did. You did one. Just one. But I'm just saying you took that road. True. Played your rookie year. Second year almost finished. You ended it right now in a good note with a 30 point game. I'm just wondering like yeah what took so long for it to click? Gotta click. But I, I do, I'm interested to see what they will do if they have opportunity to get a guard in a situation. I think you got to 'cause on a bad, I ain't gonna say a bad team, but on a developing team you wanna see your number two pick have some moments like he should be around 18 points a game for sure.


Even if he's shooting 40% Bare minimum for sure. Yeah. Yeah he's 17, 18 a game easy. Yeah, 18 to six on team though. When you say with Jeremy Grant and assignments, he not getting, he's supposed to take more shots than him. Yeah. Nah bro. I mean Simon's gonna be the guy. Yeah he's number option but is he the third option? 13. Okay. They play, they play so fast. Okay. Like the thing about all the kids that we seen get drafted like MLO was with two pick three pick whatever he was was Yeah we see him his second year. We made the All-Star game down there. That's a fact. He did just all these guys like even Lonzo his second year we seen like a leap like Alonzo gonna be straight.


We haven't, we gonna be like is Scoop gonna be straight? We kind of be like hmm Yeah We already talking about getting another guard but if he was at like 16, 17 we'd be like ah nah. I agree. Different conversation Pressure and hype didn't help either. He had a high, he damn had Zion Williamson hype coming into the league. Yeah. People were saying should they pick wind or scoot? Yeah I remember those conversations for real bro. So that was tweaking but I, those were real conversations for sure Get Well Soon though because 13 five for top heavy first round picks. Second round pick is pretty good but it's just more expected outta you. But what was, What was you before though? Dang. 14 though. 13. 13 and five. Now it's not a bad, he was 14 last year but it's not a bad.


Yeah I mean he average if you Like the 18th through 30th pick that's solid. He the he number two pick. That's what I said. It is more expected outta you. Oh yeah that's what I yeah, no bro that's what I was saying. Saying like You the 20th pick third pick 13 and five That's solid. Oh this looking bright. Yeah that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. But the two pick Nah Yeah he was the third pick that draft for sure. I mean third whatever he was because B Mill one two I Nigga was born in oh four. That's crazy boy. Third Pick, you just wanna see a little more like Brandon Miller being two pick we see like yeah man he He like that. Yeah he got it written on him And he on the team with two other 20 plus point a night.


You know Mike Hill and Lalo so you Just wanna see a little more or something. Yeah but I mean he got, he got time though for sure. Super track as y'all gonna stop downplaying OKC. That defense was amazing last night. And if they play that kind of defense in the playoffs, they can anyone on my mama and be here And you look like a milked up with a lining bull. Alright. Alright. Learn how to type mama Mike. 23. Shout To Richie. I'm gonna laugh for just GP bro. Right on. For sending a donation to money nigga Gifts, donations. Will the future Vegas NBA team be considered Big city will big names players want to go there? No that market would have to be created for basketball.


Charlotte. Nah, NOLA for Cooper. Oh Man our Ricky May said best land the spot for Cooper Flag. Charlotte, Washington, Utah, NOLA City him to no let's go plant the flag. Those Are the four. Come on to Nola man They got a whiff, they get Cooper get You some gumbo. My boy for sure Him Design ain't at the four five. Let's go. It's up. Trey Murphy three mm I like him. Just go to Utah bro. Why try send me, Send my boy Tre some help. Nah turn him up. Send him. He is very Finn like it just, he's going to Utah and like the white car Malone.


Shout to my dog Lou Will. He made a great point like You know people saying he gonna go back to Duke 'cause he hate them teams, Same teams Like they gonna be the same teams next year like literally. And you will be pissed to go back to school, fuck around and get injured or something. But It is literally gonna be the same four teams next year. Imagine going back to school and Utah still pick And you he you think we bullshit we would train everybody on this team. You will be in Utah literally flip ow he'll stay another start Up next year You gonna do a shy old Sanders beer in school boy Skip a literally They're gonna be the same teams next year but they got Walker Kessler out here dying to get this pick. You think you ain't about to be in Utah. You crazy as hell. Yeah literally tap is, I pray they don't get no more. Go ahead and go ahead and get your multimillion dollar.


You gonna fall out the top five because Harper nor other crash out deserve to go There. They better not say Ace Bailey, Utah. That's all I know. They better not Dareon a hey, hey Harper. Ace Bailey do not fit what I got going on. They gonna break every rule out there. They gonna be your boy out there for sure. They do not wanna song in Utah bro. We trying to in and out for sure. I'm imagine you getting trade for something That's crazy. Alright man some more games took place yesterday. UX took care. The Hornets yesterday 1 23 to one 10. Trey Young went crazy yesterday. 35 and 1221 for 21 from the free throw which is insane. Miles Bridges Hooped out with 31 to 11. Melo had 25 and nine it took care of yesterday.


Shout out to the Haws ones are awful bro. Yeah they I told y'all that though. That's a bad basketball team bro. Don't worry the reels on the way. Oh let me see bro. Go to the standards right there. 14 baby they they competing with the Wizards though. Fight for that. What Else is the number one pick boy it's up. I pray the Hornets don't get the number one pick. I ain't boy Nah I ain't mad though because You know. Nah we locked in Charlotte. Come on Carolina picking Him In Carolina. They have to trade people though. They have to revamp their whole squad. What if they got him and traded Melo? They they said he on the block They would have to. Damn Nah I would Trey Brandon Miller.


Nah they gotta Trey Miller. Nah they ain't tradey Brandon Miller. I would shit if I got a wing like Cooper flag They gonna tre what I'm saying is 'cause La Melos a a great talent. He unbelievable but to make this thing work we gotta, Cooper gotta be the face. He ain't out facing Lalo for us. But like yeah bro. Lalo we too lit bro. I want a max deal. I'm outside in the Lambo. Yeah you could never Homie me. You You never gonna outshine Lalo. Nah. Yeah bro. Me and Jello playing music video middle this game. Yeah Everybody's six seven. Damn Ello B Miller Mike Hill Because you gotta hand Cooper flag the franchise 'cause it's only right here the only white American star right now That's a fact.


So like if you don't hand your franchise to him as a sad franchise, you damn her out of pocket. 'cause You know the fan base is about to be crazy And you went to Duke and he the, he the only white dude from Duke that everybody likes. Think about it. All the white stars from Duke, we hated Christian Ner. People hate it. JJ Reddick they hated him. Grayson Allen, Grayson Allen hated him. Cooper Flagg the only one. Everybody like yeah I fuck with him. Nah that's a fact. So if you don't hand your franchise to him and y'all suck you out of pocket for sure we shall see soon man. Get Well Soon to them. The rapper took care of the seven six yesterday 1 18 1 0 5.


Nobody cares about that game. But Quentin Grimes had 29 turned up I told you starting two guard To effect the truck at him is by himself when that sta line is crazy. So mad bro killing bro. Quinn grounds for keep hooping bro. We locked It. I heard terrible people bro. Other people scored that game. They did get 29 Quinn gr Quick Grounds got 29. It's time for the extension part. Yeah he probably get paid his off here for sure. Fuck Hey why we zooming in on everybody else scores? No I don't care. Like I know other niggas had buckets in that game. Oh bro. Quinn Grimes bro. That's all that matters for sure. I'm a Quinn Grimes fan. We locked in Clippers. Get Mitchell now. Send me a jersey. He does not have a throwback play.


Play for somebody though. Get you a swing man bro. Alright, shout the team. Move Coopers beat to he yesterday one 19 and 1 0 4. Boy Yano bitch were crazy Yesterday with 30 and 10. James Harden had 24 11 in a big zoo. Flashback boy been balling 26 and 14. Your favorite white boy had 31 and seven. Wig went crazy with 22 as well yesterday. Damn. Zoo be hooping bro. He do man he don't get enough respect. It's under the radar for real. But he a top three big in the league. Okay. Respect. I give him top five. I don't know Who. Nah, top seven. Damn. Nah it ain't six big. I'ma take six centers. Who you taking six go or him?


It don't matter. For real. They even to me. Mm. I'm gonna take, they just as effective. I'm gonna take the Allstar. I'm gonna take Wendy, I'm gonna take gon I'm gonna take Yoic. I'm gonna take mb I'm gonna take Kat. Damn. Shit I'm for stats center, pure center. I'm, I'm rolling with Z though. Zoo a hard stop. You got Zo okay. You, you got Kat For sure. I don't consider win a center but if you got him at center cool and shit and be injured so I don't everybody else pretty much. Yeah I'm I'm averaging what's that?


18 and 12. 16 and 12. I'm killing you. Having a good year. I'm killing With with three other people who shoot the ball a lot. Yeah, well I them p on that team don't forget getting them up. He taking shots away from we Kaw Leonard is on my team. Freaky James. Hard is on My team. No you team, you're not gonna say that like that. No nigga you on kw? Nah Kaw. No we ain't played enough games. You taking him or Jared Allen. Ooh Zoo. You crazy as hell. I ain't, no I ain't. I'm taking Z Bach. Jared Allen Number solid too. Jared Allen. Fucking defense of menace. Come on man. Come on man. It's quiet bro.


Niggas shooting 70%. We we shoot, we got all of our stat lines is better than his. I more points rebounds and assisting him. We got more wins y though. Oh My god. Nigga, We the hook what I'm saying, Respect y'all. You know what I'm saying? He don't even play fourth quarter sometimes, bro. You alright bro? Put it in chat for y'all. Let's move on. That's the kind of shit they be killing your stats. Yeah man. Yeah. Flashback high school. Yeah Bro. Niggas just behaving bro. That kind of shit bud like bro nevermind. If Jerry Allen paper chip, he be aging 20 and 20.


No God Nah. J Allen Col. Who else playing last night The Griz took care of jazz yesterday. 1 22 to one 15. Ja were crazy with 28 and seven. Lunar balled out with 30. That's he had 17 Collins, Sexton and Collins both had 22 a piece. Shout to John Collins free that man. But yeah, Definitely free John Collins man All hang on to out. Yeah, if Cooper Flag is headed to Utah they will have to trade him For show. That's a good pick up for somebody too. Hell yeah. A good win for the Grizzlies. Nothing to talk about there. The Spurge beat the match yesterday won 26 to one 16 Man Dion Fox, I crazy with 32 and 11 and nine yesterday. Clay had 12 on the why we put that up there. But shout to us Spur for getting dub yesterday.


Y'all shouted for that For sure. Super Chat. Who would win Hawkes that went on the big win streak or the Hawks with Joe, Josh and Jamal. That nigga that played on the team but answer that Shit I don't know. Depends, I don't know. Hmm. I'm gonna go with, I was on both teams it don't matter. Hmm. Good games. I'm more exciting though on Josh and them side but I don't know about winning. I think we Probably beat 'em 'cause they couldn't guard they, they was cool on defense. But you said we like the, because I ain't play that much with Josh and Jamal so I'm gonna go with the ones I played more.


Okay. You think the coaching the difference between those two matchups as well? Yeah, they going iceo the whole game. We going to double team. Yeah, Y'alls probably a better team for sure. Yeah, most definitely. They had better players though. I ain't gonna hold you. Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. Alright. Rex boy asked, well Luca in LA do you think LeBron will stay in the league to play with Bryce now Bryce going to the league. I don't, I don't think that he's worried about that. I think he's just happy to have Luca. Yeah, For sure. Shout to your real Yesterday probably actually did They said Bryce was better than Brian And you was not having it. Yeah, that was my youngers man. But yeah man Bryce, you just gotta see what he developing too man.


Hopefully he get to some burn Arizona but yeah, I don't think Brian care about that. If Bryce is a one and done, I'm gonna know something. If Bryce is a one and done and he's a Laker, LeBron is the goat and there's no more conversations to be had about It. Yeah but like I said, LeBron deserves everything. He carried the lead for 20 plus years so whatever LeBron wanna do, make it happen bro. Fuck it. Run It up. Nepotism at his finest For sure. Don Goon ass. Would you call the Celtic to just generation Tennis on Spurs? No. Sure. Shit I don't know. They can start it. They can start it. Jason Tatum low key having one of them careers. I don't know Tim Duncan careers. Yeah.


Damn if he win a couple more shit it it is. It's up there. What Tim win five. They do got that Spurs kind of feel. Yeah bro You You know they good but you they born, they born to watch. You know they good. They superstars are superstars but you really ain't They mild. Yeah bro. Yeah they be chilling. Yeah. You Want five And just get the job done. 10 Got five. None of them niggas is fucking with Tim Dunking though. I ain't even saying that. I'm just to make that clear. I know how y'all stretch. Shit. I'm just saying they, to me it's the same type of franchise so far it's like Same kind of vibe. Yeah For sure.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in inch yo sweaters and I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way Go isn't just for the dads Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut or we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Alright man, couple games. Nice. See how I feel about on. First Things first, we got Lakers in Bucks. Ooh, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the Lakers. No LeBron. You think Luke can hold it down? Yeah, I got the bucks. Okay. Bucks coming off a loss. They gotta hold it down for sure. It's a tight spot in the east to get to as well. If they win this game, what the Bucks gotta do? Is it the bench? I know we've been seeing a lot of national covers talking about that bench. Gotta give them a little bit more. Is that the key to successful in Milwaukee right now? I don't know nobody on that bench. Damn. That's just being real. They just need cools man to get comfortable. It's a lot to ask 'cause especially with BP being gone. Yeah they missing bp KPJ.


He cool. Damn. Oh nevermind. Yeah. Yeah Once he get back from taking that roast, spark Roast Sparks give you that boost. I need two of them things. I thought if this all too to get To the league, that 30 60 to be Times too. I that's 72 hour that weekend trip. I dunno if you get prescribed that one Sparks. They not doing that. Shout out the roofbox. Who said that? That nigga shoulda said boy this get everything hard.


Shout the roofbox. Shannon Sharp as a fool man. Michelle the real Rose Sparks. Oh shit. Oh man. Shout out to Rose Sparks great partner too. She got us that deal man. That's how you sacrificed for the team right there man. Rose Sparks came as soon as that video dropped. So shout to Shannon to Michelle for that cameo. Shout to Michelle. Oh man. Alright. Kings of Warriors. Who y'all got Warriors? Yeah Warriors. Camming is supposed to be back tonight man. I'm excited to see how he integrates with the team.


'cause like we said, if he comes off the bench she can contribute like we know he can. That makes him that much deadlier man. Especially if he under Jimmy Ulch man he might fucking around and really get to it. I might really change some stuff for them 'cause in the playoffs I wouldn't wanna see that. They already got the championship pedigree And you got young talent. That's tough for sure. You going Warriors tonight? Yeah I got Warriors got wars too. Alright cool. Five buckets. B Hill. Who was getting two yesterday? Man I'm gonna give it to Trey. Okay. 35, 12 and seven. That boy special. Most definitely Hooped out. I'm gonna go with SGA yesterday. 34 piece yesterday went crazy dominated that second half. Shout to SGA. MVP I'm gonna go with Dion Fox near Triple Double.


Yes sir. Mr. By Rebound. I know we gonna talk about the SA lot since Win been out but he hoop 32 11 9. He definitely did his thing yesterday. Miles, bridges hoop yesterday. 31 11 5, 4 blocks as well. That's crazy. Some more games before we get outta here to see how y feel about the Wizards at Pistons. Pistons, Okay. Pistons. Magic at Pelicans. Pills wore Pelicans. Yeah. I'll take the pills nets at Bulls man. Don't care. I'm gonna take the nets. Go on on the road. Don't care. Alright, super chat Moo. Mike 23 asks. I feel like if Charlotte got the first pick b Miller la Melo and Flag is a crazy young court to build around.


Why couldn't the pairing work? It all play multiple positions. I just told you why it don't work. It's gotta be Cooper Flag Team. Yes bro. B Mill can be there but Yeah he did just break it down. I just told you tap in. It don't make sense to have Cooper Flag behind Lalo just business wise. Yeah We we know what Lalo mean to the culture. Yeah to the kids. But if I'm a franchise, Yeah I ain't putting this man pos, I'm putting Cooper Flag on the front of everything. Yeah, it'll change the identity for sure. What and for how they feel about him. I don't think they want any of Lalo to rub off on Cooper Flack.


They don't want that influence Out Cooper Flag start dressing like Merad. They gonna be pissed. Yeah bro. We see Cooper FLA pull to the game of Durag. They're going to trailer Meow so fucking fast. That's crazy. He really got that effect though. Come on bro. He lit Rex boy asked the signature shoot players feel any kind of way when dudes on other teams rock their shoe. You have to get clearance. I've always wondered this shit. I don't know. No you can wear whatever. Sure you want to. That ain't true though. Some dudes you do gotta ask to wear their shoe like you can't just wear mics. I mean you can but if he say something you gotta take 'em off. Damn. Damn. I know if you on contract with brands, I know you gotta wear certain stuff. I know they have guidelines but if you're a free agent you just can't wear whatever.


That's crazy. I mean you can technically you can, you can wear whatever. I'll take that back. I know like when you was on Adidas, they had certain stuff they wanted you to wear certain push. Nike when I was with, yeah when I was with Nike you couldn't wear certain stuff. Damn. Like some people couldn't. You couldn't wear Jordan's. Damn. So who band could you wear pennies? Yeah it was Nike. It they couldn't wear 'em. S Yeah is the question I asking like if you about to play LeBron, can you wear LeBron's without his permission? Yeah. Niggas they hyped like so. Okay, I'll be hyped like yeah he a fan. LeBron talked about it. He did a pod some while back.


He was just like, he's like I I like people who wear my shoes but if I don't really watch you and I see you just when got my shoes from Foot Locker, you wearing 'em against me tonight. I'm gonna bust your ass. So Alright. See I'd be hyped if I had a shoe when somebody was wearing my shoe, I'd be hyped. That's some ho ass shit to say. Nah, I heard PG and them say like it was dope seeing people wear their shoes. I see Dame say it. Yeah I see Jason Tatum say people got their shoes on like yeah that's hard. Also, we didn't mention this but did y'all see the Converse put the SGA signal on top of the TD guard yesterday? Yeah that's all after. After the win. Like the Batman because the Converse? Yeah. Wow. Disrespectful. That's fire for sure. Alright, Get Well Soon we'll be here. Hootie some encouragement Probably Jalen Brown man this says SGA put the moves on him.


I don't talk like that. SGA crossed that nigga up. Bow Yaki Finished too. We Watched this in real time too. Hey, Tougher verse S Jayla Brown just had an off night in total yesterday Bow and that happens man. It's part of the game. Watch Out. Derrick. You still a killer to me? K Off for sure. FZVP. No smut Tig. Who you got? I'm probably go with Steven Adams and Plumley. We already showed it though. But that was Mike get Wilson song for sure. Mike get Wilson go to Seon Castle. He got prank yesterday after the game. Took the doves off it.


Good job y'all. Nope. Keep scrolling up. There you go. Nope, up. That's where he got popcorn pretty much right there. That's the first one. I took the rims off his car. I explained it to y'all. He was, I wonder if TNT goes through this on Thursdays. He left them on blocks. Don't even worry about it. Oh okay. Is everything automated? Popcorn in my car is one thing but take putting my shit on blocks is crazy. Naht put them On blocks though. They just Laughing. Y'all put it on the ground? Yeah. There's nothing funny about that. Now I wanna fight. Yeah, Squabble up bro.


Kendrick Lamar Hewitt. That's crazy. And I'm not doing rookie duties. I'm not rookie, Rookie You, that's nasty. Yeah. I'm gonna need somebody else's car to go home tonight. Good thing about that though man. They'll get it done for him. I'm Shout to him and be in a good spirit though. I'm gonna get something done too. Don't touch my shit. But last but but not least. Let's go ahead and pull up the last one. We got Shake on joint. No. Alright, get well on the production team. Fuck it. Oh hey man.


Good pass. All right man. Let's get outta here. Be here man. What you got for him today? Shout, draft kicks man. The crowd is always Georges never Heards man. Zion 20 points. Paolo 25, DeMar Rosens 20, Jimmy Butler 15 K, 25 Luca 25 Kobe White. 2300 wins you $6,000 today. 300 get you six masks. Yes sir. For sure. Ain't mad at it at all man. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We got a dope, dope episode drop today at 12:00 PM Eastern Tap in Club five 20 New Merchs up as well. Tap in. We appreciate y'all. We'll see y'all next week. Five 20 In The Morning.


The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. T Miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.