
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out uncertainty, self-doubt, stressing about not knowing where to start in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done out. Word art, sorry, live. Laugh lovers in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


Hey, all you women soups fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Carenti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis icon, Alana Cloths. I Don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Krete on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume.


Good morning, happy Thursday is five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up this morning. Bishop Teague. Five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What? Chilling brother up man. End of the week off man. Some crazy basketball being taking place already, but we gotta talk about what's going on this weekend. Final four, mo, what's up with it? Who's looking good man? All number one seeds. Okay, gimme Ah, I think I like Auburn coming out that Florida game bro. Okay, we, let's get straight to it. Auburn verse Florida in the first matchup. I think I like that. I think I like Auburn bro. You Fellas, fellas. I ain't mad at that. Pick up. I got Auburn verse Duke. Auburn verse Duke Auburn Verse Duke.


That's where I'm going with it all. I Got Auburn verse Duke. Walter has earned my respect man. Walter has earned my respect. I'm, I'm going with Florida man. He's A killer. I feel like he a difference maker And you need a difference maker. And he a guard vet. Yeah, he, yeah, he might be the one who can control that for sure. I'm roll with Florida man. I got Florida V Houston. You go, okay, this dude Houston man you go, you roll with Houston. You been, you been, it is your team. You understand? Don't okay, I respect it. Verse Houston, Everything fired though. Yeah, all the four seeds, like That's hard. Everything fire. Yeah. We might get two really, really good matchups. These is potential OT games for sure. I wonder if that ever happened before Both Final four games go to ot. No, that's The number One that has, It was happened 2008 or something they said, but this happened.


That's crazy man. What's so crazy is the portal and stuff has been way more important than this. Yeah. And this it is been quiet. Yeah. And that's crazy because This and this is actually lit. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean you got two blue bloods with Duke in Florida. Auburn also has been a football school but You know, so they got Pride Houston, they, they, You know what I'm saying? Obviously accomplish this Well but we ain't heard so much of that at all. Yeah. Oh wait, what's the last time? Good call. Yeah, Shout out to Samson bro. He, he done turn Houston up bro. Hey Kel Samson deserves respect bro. Fucked him up And he do it a old school way. Like he, they still around miles and stuff. Yeah, They all in shape. They took that picture. They all running. Oh, I seen them on the track. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Okay. They look like 300 For Glory Road. You gotta have a, you gotta be a different kind of guy to go play for Houston though. You gotta be like a tough minded kind of kid. Yep. Yeah And like hard worker willing to be. Yeah, hard worker willing to be coached. You can't be like a privileged kind of player But you go to a school like that bro, you probably gonna make it bro. Yeah. He gonna get you where you need to go for sure for put in that work because Both of y'all walked out with Kelvin Simpson and obviously he was contemplating it but yeah, I Could've, yeah for sure. If he was at Houston when I was coming out I would've went to go play for Kelvin Simpson. Yeah Man. Now you look at that. Oh could you go back to the graphic please? At oh eight one Cs.


That was different. Memphis, Kansas, U-N-C-U-C-L-A. That was a crazy Final Four historic by the way. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Damn We was supposed to get another one that year or two. Man. What We was kicking ass all year man. Man I know D we talk about D Rose a lot 'cause he deserves it. But what CDR did today? UCLA team bro. Fire Historic matchups for sure man. Yeah. Final four man we we'll save national championship but we gonna go so far the consistency we going Florida Duke. I know T got Houston. I like Auburn bro. Okay. You like Auburn? Yeah, me too. I'm Auburn Duke. Nobody else going with Houston besides Teg? Yeah he, I Like Auburn Duke.


Okay. Alright man, we shall see for sure man. Can't wait for that. Some great news yesterday shouts to Carmelo Anthony Mann finally inducted in the hall of Fame. Yes. First ballot. My god man we've been waiting for this moment for a long time. We know the end of his career was not the way it's supposed to go. N eBay played in his face but Carmelo Anthony Hall of Fame man Worthy for sure. Shout Out to Phil Hogan. He made a post that was kind of funny but true. He was like, we did it in college. I don't know why he say we we did it in college. He been there since day one. Yeah we did it in college. He named all, we ain't had no teammates, we ain't go, we ain't team up with nobody. We did it our way. He did all that. We worried about buckets and not championships.


Ain no rings. We still made It. Yeah No ring. He just forgot to talk about the money. I like this dude crazy Bagging buckets baby. That's it. Facts mellow though. I don't like what people bring up his tape but I love the fact that Melo got them mini goat medals bro. That's far to me. Olympic mellow is iconic bro. He tried to say that's cool Instead of NB championship chill out mellow. Nah it's bro, it's bro, I had a different journey to everybody else bro. The rest of these things are spo fed. That is Crazy. But honestly the second time was on Melo for, we signed for the Knicks. Everything else prior to that wasn't his fault but the real, I ain't mad at him bro. It was the money bro. The bro.


Yeah Appreci that all the time. Get the bag bro. He decided great to stay great choice. He decided to Stay but they were so bad that the years where he was like, damn, remember fake hurting And I playing half end of the year wasn't playing me for basketball. I know the money but man Melo should have been in the, in the more playoff moments Bro. Yeah he was just ahead of his time bro. He was doing that bro. They, They offered that check bro. It's hard to turn it down bro. 1% they gotta get that money. Sure man. Shout out to Melo and B said to have surgery on the same knee he had about 14 months ago. Expect to make a full recovery man. Do we see NB play basketball next year? Probably not. I don't know man. And that's crazy 'cause this is what April we're talking about next year bro I'm done with him bro.


Just get healthy Bro. I don't don't even care You off. I'm sleep. I'm tired to talking about Them. I like yo. Oh okay. Gimme somebody who I can see playing. Yeah, who's active? Gimme somebody worth talking about. We talk about injury. Injury so much on this show. I feel like we toy doctors bro. This is not that show bro. He said we house For real bro At this point. Give me a perk. Shit that's crazy. No but I'm tired of like I'm tired of Philly. Only thing good in Philly is Quinn Grimes And y'all probably gonna lose Quentin Grimes. Yeah it Is.


If y'all smart, y'all signed him back. Get off that PG contract. Amnesty it. Keep Quentin Grimes. Quentin Grimes go to Memphis. Facts Go. Who? Go, go start for sure. Speaking of Memphis, Ja Morant NBA is looking into the, the gun gesture sick of it. But Why they ain't get Buddy Hill too though? Because he did it first bro. Because he did. Josh Shot back at him. Yeah, well I'm the only one in trouble. I didn't have a gun on Instagram. Blast don't matter bro. Self defense. No it's Not. Yes it is self defense bro. Well I the Only one in Trouble bro. Why do I have to stand down bro? I was about to say something out pocket when that might get this canceled.


Yeah, Don't do that. You about to say something about Florida. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I gotta defend myself just to say the league man bro. Nice. And Daniels do it like all the time. People don't even bro, it's a lot of people that get away with that bro. Leave Ja alone Bro. Guess what bro? A lot of people did it before Gilberts did it in that huddle bro. But he in particular couldn't do it at the time period. Bro you gotta relax bro. I mean you gotta read bro. Yeah bro you gotta read The room. But still he shot at me first bro. Come On. I'm defending myself bro. But He had three incidents in this movie at some point outside and me First it's real life bro. And they did this shit outside with real pistols bro. Ja would've still got into trouble bro. Only him too.


Yeah, like let that go man. Listen man we know they, they sensitive about you bro. We know they gonna be on you by every little thing but come on real, you need that attention You'all. Right. Tighten up. But shit, I'm bro quit testing me bro. And he just look at it like we hooping. Like he really ain't looking at it like that. But he gotta do better. I agree. Y'all come on y'all, we rocking with your man. He coulda did anything else but the gun Josh, he coulda did a rocking launch. He nice, he could Od he could brought A little Drake out. He out Talking The guns are bigger now. He od he could have just like pointed at him and like Yeah That's lame though bro. Doing this to, You Know I'm saying. I say do every week and it and niggas respect.


Do y'all see what he just, Oh god. Nigga just been like we still get the Point I'm about to kill you nigga I'm finna really kill You. Right. That's what I'm saying. But you could just, you could lie to the NBA. I'm just pointing this. Yeah you can't hide what he, That motherfucker. Yeah Continuity and then It hard And then looked in the scope. Fuck love the train. Yeah he gotta chill for sure. You remember dude, you remember what that fat boy did that day On the train? That's my favorite, favorite tweet bro right There.


That's what he did. Oh Lord. You doing Buddy Hill set him up Bro. Yeah he did. Buddy Did set the play well come on John. He come on bro. Alright man Super chat. Que Hill says let me get a birthday shout out today. I started Super Chat wave that roasted me a couple months ago. Be here set. Oh Happy birthday. Oh that's our dog turn up. Called him a Gump. Yeah and it's GUMP to Walk up. Yeah I was like, I was like go what the fuck, what's up Qua Shout to the bro man. Happy birthday fool. Appreciate you. Yeah, happy be Day boy. Enjoy it. Alright. Who else's up there?


How old is you man? Tap in, send another 10 toes. How See they playing with y'all on this show y'all he taking the business. Y'all Shout the dq man T tap. He he he keep, he keep a player man he always tap in. I I rock with Buddy. Nah, we appreciate you bro. Happy Bday. For sure. Monday D 96 s does Prime Mellow take this Knicks team to the finals verse. Today's contenders, no he not beating the Celtics. If You, are you taking somebody off? You have to, if you take OG off this team and put Melo I'm Something Kind of need OG though play a lot of defense but I'm something.


Okay. No I'm something I the finals he can make the Eastern Conference finals for sure. Yeah, No. Alright bro. David Melo with this team, that's, they might the bro no bite Jaylen. Bronson not not gonna be Jalen Brunson. Yeah He gonna have the defer. It's A lot of one dips in this conversation for sure. Yeah but I just want to put him on the team regardless. Molo was polarizing bro. He he, he gonna water Jalen Brunson man. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah he took shots a lot, a lot away from a lot of people though. So he Jerry Just him just everybody watching him hoop And I, him And the Kat could work though. Nah, 'cause him and Amari worked before he got hurt.


Nah, this is Amari different than Kat. Yeah. Yeah his aggression level different. He meh that. Yeah Amari. Yeah That's it. I'm just talking about like skill level though. They, he can mesh with him If they all mesh bro. I feel like they could figure it out that that's, I mean Because Kenny me One of 'em people that had to play, he kind of did have to hoop by Himself. Yeah bro, he, that's what I'm saying. He Don't make people better. He kind of just gimme rock and let me hoop. Melo had to be a one man band. Yeah he Just killed bro. He his career was what it was supposed to be bro. I'm just gonna Kill. Yeah I'm gonna kill bro. I agree with that. And one of the best skills ever do too. Facts. Like like And you look at his Denver team, they was built around him like I'ma kill Chauncey. Bill's the perfect player. Like I'm gonna get you the ball. I can spot up, I can make Shots play too bro.


AI 20. That's why they had to go get Chauncey. They Blew that team over quick. I They won. They won us. They won a lot of games though. Nah they did. They still play off team said but Chay average Team was never gonna work. Oh My god. Yeah they was, they was wicked but Chauncey played well with Melo Chay them the average 20 with Melo. Yeah I'm not saying they hoop but I'm saying like Mellow was the prom guy like Nene. I See what y'all saying though. Well who Was it? They had ne Nay. Who they big It was like Na, NA, Ken Martin, king Martin Jr. They were Smith. They was defenders though. Yeah. Like Ken Martin them rebound Defend, they gonna catch a couple lives but they knew where the grass was green. Get that bottle of Mellow.


Yeah Mellow our go-to Guy Kat. He need that peel Too. Need that. Yeah. Jalen Brunson we know now he need it. He Definitely need that peel. Yeah. Yeah that probably wouldn't have worked. Yeah So they right. Just get rid of Jalen Brunson Was Enough. Hell of a question for sure man. But speaking of the Knicks, scroll back up for me. Yeah, let's talk about it man. The Knicks yesterday. Could you scrub up a little bit more please? Thank you sir. Well I think to go back to that question, not to mess up the show, but if you took Melo and Jaylen Brunson and got them like Kenya Martin instead of Ka or whoever they could, that'd Be better. They could. They need people that don't want the Rock bro.


Yeah For sure. I can see that happening. That'll work. But speaking of the Knicks, man, shout to the Cavs yesterday. Came back from down 16 yesterday. Belt a ass situation late in the game. 1 24 2 1 0 5. We was watching this game live on play back. Shout out to Lowe. He pulled up, had a good time with us yesterday for show man Ka balled out. He had 25 or 13. OG was shooting the lights at the ball yesterday for a minute. He had 23, 6 and six. Yeah but Don we crazy with 27. Jared Allen balled out with 21 and DG had 17. Man listen man we talk about this. Maybe the Knicks could, You know what I'm saying? Make some noise. But the way that the cabs handled them yesterday, we got put a little bit more respect on that. They was making shots in the, in the end of the game the Knicks started crashing out bro.


That was just shooting. He didn't care. They crashed out towards the end of the game. They needed Jalen Brunson. Oh Yeah they knocked the same with Brunson. That Pinker Road don't hit the same without Jalen Brunson. Jalen Brunson able to get people on his hip can score in that mid range, can shoot the three And that's what open up Kat's game. Yeah because you gotta help on JB no, no Shades of the line. Right. And whoever else came in running point guard down Talent Col got something the last night. It ain't the same. Yeah, pick and road don't look the same. It ain't gone. It's not as effective. So Kat struggled a little bit but yeah for sure they are eight and six without Bruta. But he's just got cleared to, You know what I'm saying, doing some activities to get back in shape. We'll probably see him beginning a playoffs I imagine probably maybe a game two beforehand or you gonna save him straight for a game.


One he Might play game the game just to get ready, You know what what I'm saying. Okay. Alright. Nick's right there And I don't think they got a crazy schedule going forward. Obviously everybody's clenching the top four spot. They will have probably the bucks right now is what it's looking like. Bucks or Pistons. Who you think is the favorable matchup for the Knicks in this situation? Either one. Either One. Yeah, I mean, I said Dame might be coming back so if I'm them I probably wanna play the Pistons. Oh if Dame come back, yeah, play the Pistons. Okay. Yeah because I ain't gonna hold you without Dame obviously we'll take the bucks even though they still got Giannis, I think the Pistons is gonna be the match. They a good team, young team but they in experience gonna be, they probably kill his, he the situation. Yeah I watched him play OKC yesterday.


I mean obviously Kade didn't play but it was just different. Different Yeah most definitely. And it cast man we gotta show some more respect man. We, we said, You know what I'm saying? There might be a second round exit exit with this team possibly to the Knicks or Celtics. But hey y'all show some love man. They balling. Nah they hooped. They hooped last night And they win those games and like sometimes you think, like you said down 16, you think they might just take the L? Nah they be coming back in those games. We know a 20 point lead, the NBA ain't shooting no more 'cause the threes but, And they made a lot of threes. Yeah, hunter was shooting. Well Donovan Mitchell shot. Well they was, they was hitting threes bro. Most definitely man. Good game for sure man. Man ad Yes.


GW last night took care of the Hawks. He had 34, 15 and two. Clay has 17 Reon balled out with 25 and 12 and big old had 20 and 14. A lot of people wonder why ad's even playing right now. The Mavs shouldn't be trying to get into playing but listen, yeah, 34 15 man he playing for a reason. He playing for Pride bro. He scared boys though. They thought he was hurt again yesterday. Boy That would've been all bad bro. Yeah He playing for Pride. He He, he hit a game winner killed so he playing for pride keep balling. He just had to get some stitches I think. Right. Yeah. Yeah he caught people's elbow yesterday in the middle of the game. Teammate elbowed him in his eye.


Be your own people man. That's crazy. It's one thing get injured playing somebody else but your own teammate. Yeah might feel the way for sure. That's interesting. You say play for pride like Yeah I mean you got traded, you everybody was calling you the weak Lincoln the trade, he was calling them dumb like ah y'all traded Luca the city in her uproar, owners beefing ex owner saying it was a dumb trade And you still that person that got traded for it so you feel a way so you gonna try to come out and prove your points. Like I'm like that so 34 15 game winner. They gave a city a little hope last night. Yeah Like shit hey they really raw. I'm like they did trade for ad though.


Ain't like they trade for a scrub bro. It's Anthony Davis bro. He's generational talent bro. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was just more so about Luca let Luca go. It was because Luca was young. Yeah, Yeah that's like a six, seven year age difference. You know what I'm saying? So I get it. Yeah, that's interesting you say that because you spoke about this before too, the importance of playing for the city and the city embracing you. Like you said alright, whatever's going on they ain't they mad about Luca but if I lock in with here that's your love And the, the Maverick fan brace is known to promote they stars for a very long time period. I been seeing a lot of they fans saying nah we ain't mad we got ad 'cause he cold but it just, the Luca thing was just crazy. They said we kind of raised him so Yeah.


You know what I'm saying? They felt the way. Damn. It was, it was just outta nowhere though. Yeah like if it was some, some like, some like some messed up vibes around the city or Luca was starting to be this GLE or he making comments about not liking it there or something, You know what I mean? Yeah. And you could see it coming like Luca just bought a crib. Yeah Like They do that too. We just woke up and he was trading Luca just unfold all his people on Twitter. They do stuff like that. Yeah Some shit like that. Like Luca don't follow the Mavs anymore. That's A fan. Which is crazy. I'm like who knows that bro. Who is sitting watching all of That bro, that's people watching but they, they're locked in bro you can't do nothing. It's crazy bro. They went to the finals like they had just went to the finals.


Yeah I bought a crib, we about to run it back. I'm good here forever. Yeah, yeah that's what, that's what the feeling was But now Ad got a new crib But that's why I hope Luca win in LA too though. I hope Luca win a shit with the Lakers But You know how bad Luca defense gotta be for them to make the finals and say we gotta trade him. Yo defense gotta be really bad bro. Any of these bro. He is, he really good at basketball but he, he gotta work on his defense. I'm cool with that sacrifice Mo. I average 30 I'm, I don't know. Oh he's really good bro. He's, he cold. He's, but he does not try on defense. Oh bro. Send help bro. They can, he Can't even send help Bro. Sign Celebrate Past him so bad they couldn't send help bro.


Bro he did the, the same he he do every time. Right Step back. He and he walked to the basketball. Well send Isaiah Stewart send me somebody bro to fill that void bro. Yeah bro. My job is to score bro. Not here to play defense bro. Asking too much outta me bro. Right. I mean we just want a little, That's why I'm scared for them to play the, the Lakers in the, in the first round You mean the nuggets? Nah, it's the four or five matchup. I mean where it was, it was the Lakers that moved up to three. Yeah for damn they was four or five yesterday. Who Are you talking about? You scared for them to play the War? The Lakers verse Warriors. Oh Okay, okay. Because Steph and them gonna ice out. They gonna take Jimmy. They gonna ice out the shit outta him. That's a fact. They just gonna keep going at him whole game man.


And Nico gonna be at home like I told y'all he gonna be watching the game. I told y'all he don't play defense Bro Gonna go at the whole game. I'm gonna tell you right Now, you Play at home. Keep watching If the Lakers lose and it's because Luca, you gonna see so many hate tweets outta nowhere The do fans that was mad. He going gonna be like, yeah we happy we got rid of you. They gonna be over there And I kind of want like, I kind of want that to happen. Come on T let's go. No I want it to happen 'cause a I know I I rock with ad I like ad I think ad a good player And I hate Oh yeah I hate he got thrown in the bull. Yeah. So I'm like I kind of want Luca to fail a little bit Bro that sounds crazy but I Want, I want Brian to win but I want Luca to fail so AD can still look Luca Ain't do nothing wrong.


He ain't Do nothing Wrong. He is trying to say something y'all I promise don't remix this nigga words because this is gonna sound crazy on the internet. So we trying to help him. Nah y ain't, y'all don't gotta help me. I'm trying to tell y'all I want Luca to play bad And I want Brian to play great. I I don't care that the, I don't care if they win or not. It ain't, I don't care. I ain't got no skin in the game. Yeah but I wanted to be so it looked like obvious that ad like damn I see why. Yeah. Damn they they probably wouldn't have won in Luca playing defense like that. We needed the ad. Yeah And I hope AD and 'em get a play in and make the playoffs. Yeah okay. And ad go crazy averaging like 38 and 15. Yeah and they losing round.


Right there's the yeah I know I to make the play in the ac c play Who Play Motherfucker. Okay they play the Grizzlies. Yeah. And I hope he play KC and he average 38 and 15 they lose in the first round but ad go crazy and it's like well they get the grizzlies bro. I'll say this though. It's okay to celebrate somebody without hating on the next thing. I'm not hating I just tell you I need to go To go. I'm just telling you how I wanted to be played out. Oh man y'all know Luca my four favorite


player who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You can compare how many points of favorite player would score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire one eight hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng dot coast slash audio.


Yo what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right but while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out uncertainty, self-doubt, stressing about not knowing where to start in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done out. Word art, sorry, live laugh lovers in knowing what to do, when to do it and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast and this show is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with better Help online therapy, you can save up an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything From anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest or live therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join the session with just a clickable button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life. Plus which therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/club to get 10% off your first month. That's better help help H eop.com/club-pass


has a members only deal for the 24 25 NB season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use the promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash patch members now remember sign up for dash patch and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating Merchant must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass.


Can we go back to the rankings please one more time 'cause that was crazy. I just looked that the Grizzlies on the four game losing street and now they are a C. They was just Denver too. Yeah that's crazy. The maps and that matchup Can 80 go get a game against the Grizzlies? Yeah. Yes. Okay for sure The Grizzlies got a lot going on right now bro. They do. I'm telling you It's a lot of turmoil. Yeah that locker room trash bro. Yeah the vibes not there. They Ain't fighting on the bench for no reason. They got a lot going on. I'm nothing If ad get them to the playoffs after being out there long cold and they get in the first round and they just make it interesting like they win a game or two. It's a good trade, great Trade even.


And the Lakers lose even Is crazy if I make the playoffs And I ain't played the whole year in LA go lose first round. Mm Come on y'all even is wild. It will Fire Production bro. That's the only thing that counts bro. If The Lakers losing the first round it's gonna be some smoke. That's all I'm gonna say. It's gonna be like I LeBron Lu losing first round. It's gonna be some hype I don't believe's even either. I can't, I can't wait Them anything right now that I hope that Lakers losing in the first round. Can you scroll all the way up? Lemme see That. Hey it's not hate 'cause I love LeBron. I think LeBron and Grace player ever And I love Luca game but just for the content I'm just saying that Get to that content all Lakers lose first round.


It is Fine. They not content For sure. Does Laker do LeBron and Luca work Well together or not bro, I'm not sure they gonna do that right now. Yes bro. Because look how good they playing. They playing great. They like they struggling. You know how much content that's hell it doesn't even matter if it's real conversation bro. Steven and LeBron been going back and forth for a month in the same conversation bro. Yeah if they get a chance nigga they'll get up there and say does LeBron need more help? Yeah they would do anything to push a conversation the moment LeBron get blown by, I don't like that. And then Luca get blown by LeBron's too old de guard and Luca hates defense. It is not going to work. See the right on the Fault it And I gonna come in here And I'm gonna be like Play Like I told y'all from a month ago, Come July Luca D Edges the portal.


Make sure Makers Gonna be the number one, number one team in the, in the league. Luca plays defense And I'm the, I'm the biggest fan. I told y'all Luca the best player In the world man This write a script. They like who? Who you got JT or Luca? Luca For sure. Y'all wild but Tre Young does he stay a hawk next year man what's up? What we talking about? I Feel like he, he gonna stay there his whole career. I mean he ain't questions ain't you can't even t trade for him. You Can't. Okay. I ain't mad at it. If you Trey, Trey Young, you gotta give up a star. So who going to give up that star for Trey Young and that's no shade but like who doing that right now besides MLO And we don't want mlo. Yeah just keep killing Tre.


It's over. Yeah Hawk for Life. It might not be for life for a long time. Hawk for 10 plus years though. He already already at seven or something like that. Yeah I ain't mad at it man. They get him another good player in the off season. Y'all gonna have a good team. That's our problem. I don't know who else we could get. Well yeah, Kevin Durant, Atlanta another one of them teams bro. That's just like, they like the Pacers bro. They just supposed to be in the middle. The middle tier Always. Always. Yeah. We never been number one team only when I was there. I hate this thing. They always been a middle of APAC team team.


God throw his head in that motherfucking fighter. He talk, we celebrate the champ. It was a middle of roll team until I got there. Show bitch shout out dog Super chat dog goes to ask how I be here hooping my bulls need to sign my boy for for the play here Bull five off team you all for Gunther versus uso after Monday they get a, they did a good job of selling it, You know getting Jimmy messed up out there. Jimmy got his ass beat. But yeah I'm a little excited. It should be a good match. It should be entertain for sure That Jimmy I saw that shit though.


Yeah You know people tap me in now that that looks scary bro. Yeah I'm like alright we here now. I don't mean to fuck up the show but fuck that shit. So when they wrestling, this is a genuine question bro. Like when do you call it quit because he had his head up bro. The nigga was bleeding profusely Bro. Yeah I sell it bro. Like I almost thought he died then he threw his head to the ground then Jay. Ooh. So I'm like bro this is fake, get your ass outta there. Go get your nigga, What did you Doing? He kept reaching out for him. I'm like bro go get him bro. Die. That was insane bro. Sloppy man.


No sold gun through y'all showed your ass because y'all got me words. Nah I Nah I really tapped in like lemme rewatch this bro. I said where's the hotline at bro I need to call somebody because he was bleeding crazy bro. Nah He was and Gunther got the blood all on him. Yeah man that look Cra had it all on his chest. I these niggas is brutal bro. I hope that bag worth it. I nothing on nigga blood all over my body And I ain't Poppy. Poppy is crazy like hey yo poppy Nuts. I know y'all use that term. Y'all hooping my bad shooting.


Hey we hoo wrestle Man's all gonna get crazy man. Shout out to WWE for sure. Un locks as me here. The Hornets need you at Power four next year. What's up you Cooper? Nah I just wonder who with Meow Turn me up for Jones Ball. It's a wild money say nothing Butt. Whether it might be heat have to do to get back to relevancy. Does everyone wants to live in South Beach? Yeah everybody wanna live there just not with their wife. Let's just, damn That's the truth. Shout to everybody who got a family in Miami. It is literally the truth you think With your household Man Shout to Molly.


I'm being real. Think about it though. Let's, let's have a real conversation, okay? If you married, you play basketball, whatever it is you do And you go for work to go play in Miami, you bring your family who wants to like people go to travel to Miami for vacation. True. This ain't no vacation no more. We live here every day. Yeah for rap. I ain't about to take my wife there. Let's live somewhere where it's wholesome. I don't got no distractions. That sound like Trouble. Yeah South Beach trouble. Yeah it is beautiful. And you gotta deal with Pat Riley. Hell no. That's what I Was about to say. Boy don't feel like dealing with Pat Riley. You can't even eat food Bro. You gotta check my weight every Day bro. You can't go out. Yeah bro. Nah, I'm cool. Nothing. They check your weight every day. He Be checking they body fat all the time every week.


Not every day. I think every week. Yeah. That's still Crazy bro. Don't nobody wanna do that South Beach where you go relax bro. I want to go play the heat, You Know bro. Pat rally major pain. Yeah no it was like that Bro. But it, we used to have that problem in Atlanta like when we tried to get free agencies. Yeah free agents. Well it's like I can't come here. I can't come here bro. Makes sense. I'm gonna lose my check. Used used to be like yeah he used be like bro bro one I live in San Antonio bro I like to come here and shell out bro. Ah okay. I see what you're saying now. Yeah, yeah, yeah Like I can't Be here. This is my getaway When I can't be here every day bro. I can't have access to Magic City every day.


Yeah that's crazy. And I was on the other hand like what y'all will be able to go after the game like every time they like nigga you are 16, 35, 8 kids. How bet Lee eight Years later he ain't trying to lock that pension in. He like divorce crazy. Right. I get it. Didn't know for sure. Speaking of Miami, Celtic musta, You know what I'm saying? What you been saying L yesterday wins Snap? Yes sir. Heat on the sixth game win streak. 1 24 to 1 0 3 Belt to As in South Beach. Tallah har balled out with 25 9 6. Your favorite white boy band went crazy with 21. JB had 24 9 and JT had 16 to seven yesterday.


Gotta pick it up jt. Yeah. Yeah we was talking about that on the street last night man had a rough game. Pick it up. Yeah man. You know what I'm saying, he do for well back. Yeah it definitely took that down yesterday. But the heat man 16 ain't win streak after losing 10 in a row. We talk about this roster quite often man. Nine seed Free. Bam bro Free. Bam. It was a adjust and I'll say that it's a adjustment period. Losing Jimmy. They just had to get their bearings right. I mean getting wig back they starting, they starting to juggle a little bit. I like this team. They need one more piece. They need a guard. You've been saying they need the pg for sure they do for sure. Ba run a point right now. Yeah like if they traded for Trey Young, I wouldn't be mad.


Be tough. I wouldn't be mad. Who are they sending back in the tray? They can't send nobody. I mean we gonna ask for Tyler Hero after We gonna ask for Ba we really were gonna ask for Khalil where basically he gotta come but yeah. Yeah too bad you were getting Terry er, Duncan Robinson two first in the bag of donuts. Get the deal done. They ain't going, they ain't gonna do that but I'm just saying that's like a perch and they need like a point guard a Trey Young. I don't know who else is like available. Aren Fox would've been great. I was just about to say I'm really surprised they didn't go harder for that trade. Yeah It would've been good pick Up. I don't know anybody else that's really available but man maybe in the draft say, I mean I know it's probably far fetched but could they Vanessa a trade move up in the draft and get one of the young pgs get fierce like a Dylan Harper on that team.


Man they get Dylan Harper. That's a good pick. Pick. That's very Unprobable but You know what I'm saying. Young Guarders draft Jeremiah fierce. Something like that. Maybe you could develop get a vet in front of you in a couple years too. That's when if you get Jeremiah Fear Davion Mitchell can stay stick dead Though. Okay. Or you get Dylan Harper he can stay 'cause he a steady, he a steady player. Like he not over exciting but he ain't going to hurt you. He gonna, he don't do nothing to hurt you. He In Jackson going to the league. I ain't know that. Where he got him going? He lottery I think 16. Okay. He, he damn he fell out wait Time out. Really? He fell out. Yeah, I was gonna say that's why I said He was top 10.


He and Jackson will not be going to the Hawks. I was gonna say wait a minute, how, how updated is this? 'cause I shout out to Ian Jackson but I know This is, nah bro this is updated like yesterday. Nah, Ian Jackson is a, a high Prospect. He's a pro bro. He started playing good though. No hoop. He's a pro. You know We rock with for sure OC boy for sure. I just listen I didn't know he was that high on the board. Yeah he bro, good Game respect And he was, they was sitting for a little bit shout at the end. We gonna celebrate you nasty. Yeah. You know they sat you for a little bit then he had that breakout game and he started playing well Nah, he played, he de played well This year. Yeah sir. He ain't really a college player though though. He a cut though. I don't like that. You Go. I'm just saying bro. But he played well this year Y'all coach Carter Thet Pepper boy.


Nah he gonna have braid with dreads I'm with bro. Nah, I'm with him with that because they, they let their hair get too crazy bro. Oh. Y'all know who y'all sound like now. What I am know Y'all sound like who the old people we used to hate man. Like the swag niggas used to wanna wear sensory that y'all now y'all sad? Nah they can't get dreads. Everybody got Wick. Oh his dreads he got Right. You Know what he got bro. You gotta cut that shit. Well for fuck I mean I rock with him. He shit though. I'm glad he about to try to live out his dream though. That's fire. Yeah Man he's super raff now go back To that list man. 'cause some of these dude I, everybody keep saying his draft is deep. It's some sad people up there. Lemme see. Damn B Ed Con. I ain't gonna say sad. I shouldn't say sad.


Yeah, Don't say that Bro. Yeah my bad but like Cool they Kind of cool. Nah bro. I don't know him Like he went to BYU Trey Johnson. Boo do Got Boogie going that high. If Derrick Queen go to the Dallas Maverick, that is a fucking steal. I mean this ain't really the draft, this ain't how the order gonna be but It keep going. It's them near Solo. Paul who? Solo. I ain't seen him this year. Yukon. I ain't get to see Solo. Oh left hand buddy. Yeah I ain't he nice. He nice? Yeah he decent. Yeah he can shoot. Grace says comparing Bruce b I'm shitty Bruce Brown Na. Oh, oh I I'm shitty still Shout to the Bruce family.


I don't wanna be any Bruce, Bruce, Bruce, Bruce bro. I'll keep it real that Low in my B comparison. That's crazy. That's what I'm saying. It's crazy. He's there in Jackson High. No disrespect Ian obviously, but I had a better, He played better than he in Jackson bro. He is Five's what? I'm he short now. Now listen y'all, he played Better than but G Jackson Six five that Todd Erford is a late bloomer. He did his thing, he built his way up. But Ian Jackson is built like a pro bro. He's six five. I don't disagree Bro. I like his game. Right. But y y'all had a quiet ear Todd. It don't matter bro. Todd Penford is not better than Ian Jackson Make two different positions but is nice. But you remember people like, I don't know about that bro.


That look, he's good bro. Little People like Scotty Hopkins, I mean not Scotty Hopkins. Those dude that went to Villanova. Scotty Reynolds. Scotty Reynolds used to kill and all it just the way the NBA is like you gotta be a certain type of something gotta stand out. And I, I ain't, I watched Petter for a little bit. I told you every time I watch he be playing back. Well He's, he's cold bro. So I gotta catch him when he having a good game. I have never seen him have a good game. He about to hoop out the phone. Four. I hope for you go. Every time I watch Jeremiah Fierce I say yeah there you go. I Mean I ain't saying he better than him or nothing. Jeremiah Fierce is. Yeah I ain't saying he ain't. I'm just saying Ian Jackson though and shout to him he, when I watch Ian Jackson, Ian Jackson be killing. Nah he do.


I Seen Pettiford go crazy. I have never seen him. I don't know how I always miss it too because I He do his thing Jeff. I know I want to like him. I Think Tre Johnson gonna be cold. Yes sir. Two go extraordinary. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah yeah. He he Six six. My job is to get buckets and he know it. Yeah he is a bucket Real. The only thing I'm scared about him, nah he gonna be good all here at Camp Thomas. The only thing he can do is get buckets. That's it. Shoot comparison Cam Thomas let's go. He shoot hard shots Sometimes too. Yeah, that's my only thing. And what team they have him projector going to. This ain't gonna be real but Oh yeah we done ain't real but that's when, nah that's Quinn Grime scene.


He can't go there. Oh yeah Quinn gr better him. That song gonna be able to mix up a little bit. But You know who else is on the Philadelphia Seven six. That nice though? Who? Little dude that went to Kentucky left hand. Oh yeah he Be hooping man. He nice too But he was the number one player in the country. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't like some of them dudes not better than him. He he Be hooping Man. He nice bro. What's his name? Forgot his name. Justin Edward, Justin Edwards right there bro. He nice man it's crazy how we talk about how much talent is on the Philadelphia. 76 ERs and they got 22 wins. Shout to Hood. Shino getting getting burned. He been killing too. Shout to my boy Hood. He been going crazy. Said the Lakers hadn't messed up man.


So realistically they got a talented ass roster bro. They do on paper they look crazy like look At that. This cool yo nah Down. I don't wanna talk about this agent Paul George On paper bro. They have a squad, they got some talent. You just know who D is right now. So that's why Tyree, Jerry McCain, they got Kelly, Uber, Kelly EY Lonnie Walker's on the squad. They got Kyle free yourself bro. I'll get Kyle come on, come do show with us. Yeah bro. Nah we ain't gonna do you like that five 20 In The Morning. That's Bro Kyle, he had a great career Go Help bro League for 25 years. He had a great career as an Assistant coach.


Y'all said that a lot that that roster being fire and shout out to everybody that's in the NBA but y'all wowing that A fire roster bro. On paper That look like a cool team bro. Jerry McCain is great. EJ he was rookie of the year before he got hurt. Tyre Maxie, he was Tyree Maxey is a Allstar. Kyle Larry, Kyle Lowy is a hall of famer. A nigga Larry Kyle Larry nigga Quinn gr. We figured it out. Quinn Grime's, one of them Grime's the second best two guard nba. Yeah. Eric go. Oh here y'all go. Paul Jordan the hall of Famer, Joel b Hall of Famer Quinn Grs been killing now he top five. I said top two Count Justin Edwards. He he figuring it out. Got some talent on that roster.


Yeah man. Get well soon. Everybody on the team just everybody have surgery just in case. Fuck it. Why not Marcus bag KC took care of the pistons yesterday. One 19, the 1 0 3 SGA, You know what it is? 30 ball, 33 Man the east is trash. Jay will had 23 and five. Chet had 22 at 11, we 29 and one verse the east. Yeah. That's crazy. You know it's last thing to beat in the home. That's crazy. Last thing to beat in my home is the Pacers ain't no problem. How many people set up? Ain't give a fuck. Ain't no problem. How many people set up that again might have been a win is a win. 29 7 away. 29 to one against the Easter conference.


Man I told y'all the East is nanny bro. Horrible bro. You say that but these gonna win another championship against here so Yeah, Yeah, yeah because I got one strong team. They got two bro Cavs. Oh bro. Calves and CELs bro. Cavs will get swept by anybody. Top team out east bro bro. I'm in out west. Y'all crazy man. Cavs Is beating the sleeves off the Rockets. Facts. Yes bro. They beating the Lakers. They beat the Lakers. They're not beating the Nuggets. They're not beating the Thunder. They're not even beating the Warriors. They Wouldn't be SW by Thunder. Lakers Nuggets. Warriors is all beating the calves. Man. Move on. Not this season bro. Not that like Show the Eastern Conference record. The fuck God.


Niggas super sad still in't play off attention. If you go in the top, the top seeds, it's the same Man go to the bottom nigga. What you talking about? You lost 42 games. You only play 80 And I still got a chance to make the playoffs. That shit trash man. Get the fuck outta here bro. Look kind of the same. Look At the Bro. I still got a to make the, I lost. Get the a. Fuck the play in. Look at the A Seed bro. The Mavericks bro. We're well over bro. Go to their a seed trash bro. Damn Hawks trash bro.


Yes, that's major in the NBA I'm nothing y'all, When y'all start talking about trash, don't ever say the Hawks Nigga crazy. The seven seed is 37 and 40 nigga, the season is over. Come on man. Imagine been through some shit. 37 and 40 is They been injured all year And we still get back to playoffs and make a rule. We not even a playoff team bro. And they best players been injured all year. We Talking. Hey that's the team we definitely need to make an excuse for injury. Ford. We talking about the Sixers. Nobody care about them no more. They decide hey the magic had been through some things this year bro. Yeah, they deserve it bro. For sure. But listen, SGA we MVP, he still gonna get it or nah, he gonna get it. Okay.


He gonna get it. You know they, He gonna get it. They gotta give it to him. Oh my god. Sympathy MVPs bro. Y'all gotta stop bro. Bro. He's Joe B got one. It might be Cole MVP though. I Wouldn't be mad at that. They Do. Cole is bullshit. That's S G's MVP bro. They better not cheat him bro. You having the best Season ever bro Mo I don't disagree ever bro. But it is my turn bro. Cole mvp ain't no Turn To it might be Cole. It's my turn bro. We gotta be co MVPs bro. It's only Way. Hey bro Cole, if it's bro SGA gotta start say Washington about EB. Just try unload all the secrets bro. Say say whatever You want. Them caps gotta be different.


We gotta be different Bro. Start jabbering people bro. If they do that bro use deserve Bro, bro, point your pistol bro because that's crazy bro. Don't ride me. Nah Cole, you got snuffing bro. At the, at the ceremony for sure. You see what's going on man, that's Crazy. I'm telling Ya'all just that fast. See what's going on. I'm telling y'all man Shaa was supposed to get it last year. This this joker here, this one I'm gonna know something if the media start really pushing it, I mean bro how can you deny that that's the best season ever bro. I'm not disagreeing with y'all, I'm just saying I'm gonna know something if I start seeing these stop before they gonna try easy shit. This stats are crazy. 30 and 13 bro And 10 and 10 And two steals.


Boy they better not play with SGA man. For real. Shout out for SGA though man. Alright man. Let's get through some more games from yesterday. The Patriots beat the Hornets one 18 to 1 0 5. Shout to Tyrese. He with crazy 2210 no turnovers. Mark. That is impressive though. He don't turn the ball over. Safe passer bro. Make sure he get the right place. I respect that. Mark Williams 16 and 12. We asked about him the other day. He showed up yesterday. Like game for show Wizards beat the Kings one 16 to one 11. DeMar Rick Crazy with 29, 8 and seven. Saboni had 18, 16 and seven. A pool party had 23 rockets. Beat the sleeves off the jazz last night. 1 43 to 1 0 5. Jaylen Green Hooped out with 22. So gonna have 15, 14, and nine.


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right, but while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out procrastination, putting it off, kicking the can down the road in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done out carpet in the bathroom. Like why, in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a Pere enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AP enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. De Riva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough.


First Of all, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Dash Pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season days swoosh. You save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off.


Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through four throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with the use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget that's promo Cole NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game.


Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass. Spurs beat the nuggets yesterday. One 13 to 1 0 6. Harrison Barnes balled out 20 and eight. Castle had 15, 15 to nine. He went crazy. CP had 17 to eight. Joker didn't play yesterday but we Westbrook had 30, 11 and six. Man. They talked about him being, You know what I'm saying, wash after that one mistake, my boy bounced back with a 30 piece. They Said he was washed 'cause he missed the Later. Yeah bro, I seen a lot of hate people been waiting to bring back to Russell Westbrook height since You know I'm saying it's been doing it since we been playing. Well they try to bury my boy again. Everybody may have one bad moment bro. Yeah, that's rusts. Watch your mouth. Yeah, Clippers beat the Pelicans yesterday.


One 14 to 98 KI had 28. James hard had 21 and 10. Alright. Some games tonight. We'll see how I feel about 'em. Magic at Wizards. Magic Wizards. Oh you taking the Wizards? Never. Okay Big man. I love it. I'm gonna go with the magic bucks at 76 ERs. Bucks. Bucks, Bucks. Quick. Grimes getting 30 T Wolves at Nets. Nets. T Wolves. T Wolves. T Wolves for sure. Grizzlies at heat. Heat, heat. Oh no I'm gonna go grizzlies man. If it's time for to bounce back, it's gonna be now Blazers at Raptors. Raptors No Blazers, Blazers warriors at Lakers Lake Show.


Okay, at the crib Lake show? Yeah. Yeah Lake Show. I think it's Wardell time of night. He it is gonna be one of the weeks we gonna see like you talking about them Hun Luca. This might be a a little play match. They might might see a little bit of that tonight. Yeah I can see one of them sitting out though. Somebody not playing tonight or something. Mm. Alright. Five buckets. B here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Ad man 34, 15 and five box Game Winner. Special. Special. Definitely G dub. That's hard For sure. Teague, who you got? I'm go with Donovan Mitchell 27, 6, 5 and three blocks. He was hooping out. We was watching that game live. He came alive in that second half.


Most definitely. Mo Who you got go with Russ? Man Bounce back game came out and killed 30 and 11 and six For sure. Last of certain not least man. SGA went crazy with 33 is six B here. Who need some encouragement going into this weekend Man? Probably Jared Allen. Man OG. Hit it with a crazy move That is not that highlight but turn up Iso a step through. Mm. Oog was fucking with me yesterday. He was, we was really watching this game so man With the left I don't believe in in C.


That's Crazy. Stand right there and sealed it. What's crazy They got smacks. They got smacked the second half. They did. They did. They Was killing but it got wicked real quick. Shout to og. Nah facts. He happy Jalen that boy he shooting hell at the basketball. Him and Cat don't know what is Sistar right now. All right. Who you got Te? Whoever else needs some goodwill soon? I'm gonna say Seth Curry, You know dropping buddy Ben Shepherd? Yeah Ben. I don't know if he really dropped him but nah he slipped your ass up and won. Damn. He fell hard in the motherfucker Bow. He Fell to play on that court. For Real. It was like he fell in Walmart.


He said he safe to play on this court. Hey don't be doing that. That court raw though. I talk about the Hawk floor. We ain't no fans hurt. See I try to, that Boomers a hundred percent fine. Been running up down that court all his life. I swear Bow he said damn Bro he took Seth knee out too. That's how You know he didn't expect to fall and re kill Seth. Damn Man I crossed out the rotation him for a couple games. That's some bullshit. Damn man that's tough. Undercutting a nigga cross you is crazy. And what's so crazy is, You know he didn't do it on purpose.


He had no control. Yeah. Yeah he really got dropped. That's tough man. Get well soon for Cat Man. We already loaded it up. Play it anyway. Your boy stretch, gimme that. Hmm. Hey fuck What Jerry Allen gonna do for show though. What's crazy about Jared Allen? He been hooping the same KY res for like 10 years. Yep. That's a fact. Yeah man know Them motherfuckers stink. My soul bro. Playing 82 games nigga and the playoffs nigga them still letting you lead them in the locker room. It's crazy. He been hooping it up since Brooklyn. 'cause it's a, it is a black and white color.


It's another one too. Yeah, he really rocks them. Kyrie he, he's getting a new pair bro. He probably a new pair. He is. He switching them out too because to say you been in the same pair of shoes for 10 years is crazy bro. I get it. You trying to save your money trick a little bit bro. He Got it is the same model all it's the same shoe but that's the same Because I was about to say I don't really hate that nigga bro. If you doing that bro You Then you just got bad hygiene bro. That's crazy Bro. What's who in the Seven shoes bro? Ah bro. Get that nigga some 10 acting bro. You are in the NBA. You practicing him, you play games. Not that deep bro. You are not that superstition bro. Practicing something else. Okay. Probably Crocs.


He a rookie. Atkinson His four mode For sure. And last return Ali, the jazz getting beat by date. Number 40. Get well soon man. Capture the flag. We ain't even mad at y'all. Alright man, he's on the way y'all something for for the weekend. Be here. Oh Yeah, a little quick little late man for the weekend we taking the Wizards, the bucks, the heat, the Raptors, the Nets and the Lakers. $200 will you $148,000 today. Say that one more time. $200 Gonna you 148,000 today. The Wizards, the bucks, the heat, the Raptors Nets, Lakers money line Crown is yours nigga. Listen man tap in.


Use that poem I called Club five 20 a hundred wins you $124,000. Tap in. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back tame time Monday morning five 20 In The Morning. The Volume, Wendy's is the official hamburger or March Man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. It's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo.


And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is supported by better Help offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's better help head of clinical operations. Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off And you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit Better help.com today. That's better. HE p.com.


Hey, all you Women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up? I'm Laura host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Laus. I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone And I want the whole market.


And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I Would say 50% of the people that come and visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.