
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy. Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's Tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open. Steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better.


The volume.


Good morning, happy Fridays. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show bought to you by Boost Mobile. You know what it is? Boost Mobile between $5. Get you unlimited talk. Text ed data nationwide on a 5G network.


Everybody showed up this morning. We got Bishop, we got Young Nacho five 20 Moog. We got the intern in the building. Two fellas. How y'all doing? Good chilling bro. Hey man, You know what I'm saying? When the Pacers get it dubbed the energy crazy in here. You know what I'm saying? Okay, C, get it dubbed it. It is low man. This is what they supposed to do. So it's supposed to be here. Come on, both of your teams, you supposed to be excited. At least somebody winning it. Oh bro, I'm Gucci. Right. I told yesterday what was gonna happen was gonna win it. Job to break the game. It look like a sweepstake For sure. I Don't think it's gonna be no sweep. It ain't ain't gonna win one but it look like it might go six y'all. Okay, I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna, it is gonna go five One at home. A gonna go off. Yeah, they gonna win one after career.


Okay. Okay. See took care of business yesterday at the crib. When 18 to 1 0 3 SGA, the MVP 38 and eight J Dub like Mook said, show up, showed up and showed out 26, 10 and five. Chet had 22 4 as well. Hey, he did his best with 32 96 but it was not enough man. Ju Randall sold man. Yeah, but you been pushing that Chet narrative and you right bro. Every time he hoop out it is over bro. I told y'all bro, he is the X factor of their whole team. They are unbeatable. Jaylen Williams is supposed to, he's an Allstar. Okay, see I said you supposed to do Allstar shit. 26 and 10 is dead for Me. X factor bro. It is Chet bro. He's, I agree. If Chet play good, they they unbeatable.


Yeah, but Ju Ronald didn't do his job though bro. Anything. You know what I mean? He was supposed to at least give him a dub. Yeah, he ain't even give a 70. But nobody Else, I don't even think nobody else was in double figures but two people on the, on the wolves yesterday so it was a D, he didn't give us 10 bro. It was a tough game for him. But the thing that I took from this game was that damn SGA is really, really good. But he's a point guard yo. Like they putting double teams on him. He was making the right play and you forget that he was a point guard 'cause he scored a ball so well yeah, to see him playing point guard again, it made me rethink my lineup. And he number one, like I remember I had, I think I had Jalen Bronson over in my hat and over him and the way he controlled the game 'cause I forgot that he's actually a point guard 'cause I think about him scoring so much.


Yeah he controlled the game like there's nothing they could do. He got so frustrated. I wish Mike and them was here to pull up the clips but like Jay McDaniels turned into me, that nigga said fuck this man. He just start pushing niggas like I Tweet and they clipp it up yesterday too. They clip it up immediately. I tweeted that. They said the real Jeff t let me see. I had tweeted that. Yeah that's some shit I would've did. Bitch That's yeah sold that motherfucker too. I just wanted to fail him for real. For once getting killed by the nigga in some converse.


Hey that's far for you to get your first shoe and get MVP saved, fired. That's hard. Get your money's worth. Yeah, I feeling though. That's how I feel with enough is enough. Yeah, yeah. You ain't calling shit. I'm gonna make y'all call something Now I've seen a lot of analysts from the temple will say that they saw something in the fourth quarter that they could take into the rest of the series. Do y'all see that as well? Or it's quiet what they see? I think them scrambling defensively like getting the ball outta his hands and making other people make plays. Like make Lou dot make some shots man. Yeah like make Lou dot have to hit seven threes like quit rotating to him. I'll make Lou dot have to make some plays so I'll get the ball to SGA hand and make Lou dot have to make plays So we just helping heavy off Lou Dork.


Yep. Fuck it. He gonna have to make 10 of them tonight. Yeah We singling you out brother at Key. Yeah this will be a Lexi game for you for sure. It Gonna be hard to do though that it sound easy. That shit's hard to do bro. Hold off somebody. Yeah it ain't hard to do. That's what leave him. You in the pain help. If he hit seven threes we, it is my fault. I just watched Denver, I just watched OKC do it to Denver. We can do that bro. That game plan is not gonna work. The whole thing. You know somebody different bro. We we He's not a bad player though. I'm not saying he ain't, I'm not saying he is but I'm just saying I rather him beat me than SGA bro. We gotta do something bro. I don't even think they're saying that's the key to victory. They're just saying do something else. We have to do something. The key to victory is scrambling. They gotta get the ball to SGA hand.


Obviously he's scoring at getting 38 and eight. Yeah he's super efficient. That's all we saying. You gotta Get the ball out his hand Door. But you gotta do Something, you gotta get the ball outta his hand. Make other people make plays. And Lou Dort obviously is probably the worst offensive player they got out there 'cause you don't want the ball swinging to Jalen Williams obviously check can play Lou Dort the last man out. We gotta do something bro. We gonna keep getting beat. I'm not mad at y'all for that. I'm just saying I don't know if that's gone have not niche more audibles than that one. Most definitely. I'm just saying just do something, scratch him or something. Nom I wanted to ask you this as a Kentucky guard for SGA to be the first, You know what I'm saying? MVP as a university.


Ain't that kind of crazy 'cause I don't think all y'all saw how good he was gonna be coming outta college. Yeah somebody was asking me is he the best guard to come from Kentucky? I'm like nah because yeah, no college basketball NBA is two different things. Yeah it's two different things bro. John Wall the best point guard from Kentucky. No you say overall NBA career. Yeah SGAI know what you're saying. Nos GA is the best player in Kentucky. Basketball history. Yeah It is career. But at Kentucky, no he's not bro. He average 13 points Bro. The best guard at Kentucky is probably some old dude or Rondo or something like dope. Not SGA definitely dope. You put that conversation Got John Walker at Kentucky Damn average dub didn't he? That's probably Ron Mercer, Rex Chapman and that's Cool.


Tony de Yeah it is One of that's cool but it's not SGA just because he just because he in the NBA growing crazy that got nothing to do with Kentucky. He the best player. He it is different overall. He overall he the best player to come outta Kentucky. You could say as far as NBA you could say Anthony Davis. Yes nigga NM VP Eddie Davis Champion Young. I would get he about to be what Champion You rather be a champion than MVP? No, no. Fuck no. I'm not mad at that. But AD Wasn't like the six 16 man and a bitch. He was a Recent ad also average six blocks of college. Six, six or 10 blocks. He and he put a Better up there too. Hey listen, He like the best player come. What he say? Guard Listen.


Ad they had his own team and they was ass SGA got his own team. He he on a better team though. How? Let's go, Let's go. They How Drew Holiday, rayon Ronda. They was Good. They wasn't ass nigga. They wasn't as good. That's what Jeff said. Nigga they're better than these Nigga, nigga way better. They team was way better than this team. I knew they Were y'all today. I'm not doing that with y'all today. Today Was a good team. That team was loaded bro. They beat somebody they weren't supposed to beat today. Yeah, this nigga about to go to the championship With this roster. But they, they, they hooping bro. This is, this is planned out perfect for Yeah, But now he made it out perfect.


He bait it perfect. Yes. Everything he needs. That nigga had Rondo, Ewin boy motherfucker DeMarcus Cousins. I love Ewan. Don't Drew holiday. I'm just saying They had a squad Bro. I knew Drew Holiday and Rhonda. Nah nah bro. Marcus cousins too but he got hurt bro. But I, they he got hurt at the, he got hurt at the end and they was about to tweak out before he got hurt. They was on they way. Nah bro bro they was on their way before his OKC team. I, I love that team. That's, we called that team but they had a squad but he got hurt. That's a big ass piece. But that's nowhere near this roster. This bro, this is, this is just perfect for him. Some shit just be perfect for He made it. He made it perfect. Can't take that away y'all. I be trying to watering niggas down bro.


He is playing with Jalen Williams, Allstar Santa Clara bro. Come on fucking Allstar Bro. His bro, I'm saying let's break it. He fucking off Star. Let's break it down before this season after actually last year. They who? He was 20 Before This season. Yeah, but we you taking him or Drew Holiday at that time. Lies you taking Drew Holiday? He take, he's taking Drew Holiday Average 20. He he's taking Drew Holiday. I seen Drew Holiday in the playoffs not doing shit. Not that year. That was, he was with the Pelicans. He was fucking killing. He was Locking Dave shit Up. Killing, locking Dave up. Killing Jaylen Right Now bro.


Man get Drew Holiday 40 right now. Right now. I'm talking about that we, we talking about what? Anthony Davis had that same team. Come on we gonna leave that for the show. We gotta move on. But that's a funny conversation. Y'all fried man. Oh saying Bro. Bullshit today. Is there any way that the Timber Bulls can come back into the series? Is it quiet? It is Bro. Bro I don't feel it's over. Nah we talk about at the end of the show but they got, I know I see a way they could win this series. Okay for sure. We'll move on man. Get well soon. So far before Minnesota The real game tonight the real series, You know what I'm saying? Pacer Knicks game too. Live in the garden. Oh I got something to say about these motherfuckers. JB Game. Yeah this bullshit ass game.


Hold on. This Tuby classic about series they giving us back to real basketball. But go ahead brother. You know what, everybody mad at me in Indianapolis? Yes They are shitty y'all nigga. Y'all niggas did not like the Pacers 'cause nigga I've been talking about these niggas all year. Yes They wasn't in Eastern conference finals team It don't matter. That's how I know these niggas is fake. I've been talking about these niggas all year every day And I only do it for one reason. What's the reason dj, this nigga And Tyrese. This is my thing. If y'all allowed to like all these other teams, we like the Pacers now bro. He likes five teams. I fuck different every Fuck all these niggas.


I don't care about none of these Niggas. The fuck up nigga is I play for the Pacers and I like the Pacers. I just don't like what this nigga brag about the Pacers the nigga like get outta Indiana if you don't like them nigga. I've been saying the same shit for all you. Y'all ain't said a word. We ain't leaving no fuck Y'all Is crazy. Fuck nigga. And the thing that's funniest. Fuck these niggas don't even fuck with y'all. They don't go outside. They don't like y'all could done of y'all parties Don't even invite niggas to this parties nigga. Y'all, y'all arrive Nigga that You know what's absolutely ht fuck with none of you niggas. Who the fuck is you talking about? That's what You know what's absolutely hilarious yesterday.


None niggas that culture. That's a fact. They're not at coaches, they're Not at culture. None Of them. I fuck with Steven Jackson and him. They used to be outside. They're gonna channel lounge. Yeah fuck I'm talking about. Hey I get it sex yesterday for somebody who works with a page. It's like we would love to have Jeff in for a Sunday but he shit told us ever. I said no y'all gotta watch the show. He joking. It was like nah it's pretty serious. Nah, make sure if the ERs win make sure all y'all are downtown celebrating going crazy so y'all Can go to jail because y'all all gonna look like the niggas from New Orleans. No, No crazy. But y'all overstepping this pacer shit. It is quiet bro. We do this for shit every day.


We on the internet, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram every day. You niggas wouldn't stepping like this all. Nah hell no. All my momma. So stop it. We ing now nigga. Nah get us on to cheer for nah celebrate but don't be, don't be getting outta pocket Some of YI don't want y'all. Y'all bad y'all bad vibe stay. Yeah hold don't support my team nigga. Niggas is beating up for fights because, because niggas don't like to Pacers and he said one nigga said man me, me outside nigga you ain't really from the city if you ain't fucking with the Pacers right now. He's nigga shit nigga from the Pacers man I'm looking at this shit like are y'all serious bro? And I swear to God none of them pacers niggas will ever hang with any of these niggas bro. Invited.


Yeah TJ Nash is not inviting you over his house. None circumstances I'm rolling though 'cause y'all, y'all fuck with the city heavy. We need that. It's good for the city. It's great for the city. This is good. But what's funny, I'm like y'all niggas like y'all, y'all take this serious. It Really ain't about the Pacers bro. Yeah it is. It about the crib bro. Nah about the city bro. Just like the Knicks bro. They outside dumping trashcan but You know But niggas it's like that every year. Every year. Yeah because they work is crazy. What I'm saying, win loser draw the Knicks fans is stepping. They like the Cowboys fans. Yeah Folks. Reon I ain't Never seen, I ain't never seen this many. Right. Black people post tweet about the pastry. I swear Since oh four I swear to God the city went that's all I'm saying.


That's Paul George and them was rocking And they was not stepping like that. It's not the same nigga. When I played when Paul Georgia that was rocking and we played for the Hawks niggas was like man fuck them niggas man free my nigga t to the city Because we Ain't like them niggas. Look we brought two the cities and look, look how you were paying us. We bring you back. Look what the fuck you do to us. Shoulda left your assses on y'all should've because man I'm stand up. You know I gonna fuck oh y'all niggas wanna move that letter anyway. Fuck shit. Then they move back here where shit gets spooky. But tonight for the next one thing I do to get to Dub man do the same thing you did last game. I did played great game last year. Yeah okay. I just, they just got it close.


They fumbled. They fumbled. They Fumbled the bag and let's have some real talk though. Tyrese doubled. No they got foul. Quel hit. Nah he got, he picked the ball up and Dribbled again grabbed his arm. So if we gonna play both, we gotta play both Sides. Yeah called the foul. It's a double just like Obie got foul in the last dunk and they didn't call it was supposed be N one. He doubled but it's okay gr the clip, He fouled the shit outta him. He did double but he got fouled. He doubled. He doubled like a motherfucker but he got fouled. Will LeBron to say Crab Dribble? That's what I saw him. He definitely doubled but he doubled but it is okay cancels Out. Yeah as much as no cost. LeBron used to get fuck it. Yeah bro Jordan pushed off all the great highlights got asterisk. Nah now we compare his highlights of Mikes fuck's Crazy Fucking See and see.


See this is, this is where hey see bro, see this highlight this TV like this one. Whoever the lady is or the man whoever was that text DJ about the signing. This is where I go off the hinges because they start a pairing Tyreese holler Bird, the Michael Jewelry. Damn we say that we said this is a Top. Well the next 20 years you gotta run that clip. Come on bro. See it bro. See this is shit I gotta live with. Look at this double foul. God damn that's crazy. That's double. He wearing this motherfucker fuck call. Why they got theme music against Shit why are you touching me? That's a fo yes Theme music bro. Well Greatness has a soundtrack man.


The fucking clip turn that shit off. Roll the fucking clip. Let's turn that shit off Before the playoffs begin. This is what you can witness Potential and y'all know the only reason 'cause he used our voice so that fucking video top never gonna root for him. I ain't gonna root for him but I don't root for Aren e Smith fan Miles Turner. That was my guys Smith. They locking that shit up tonight. Yeah And Miles Turner you got nothing but love for me. You came on the show so You Know we fuck with Miles. Yeah. Alright Mo what the pace you gotta do to win tonight? Keep shooting the ball bro. Play fast. Keep using the whole team Worm down bro. Just Keep running down, down. Its a blowout tonight. I Feel like we keep wearing em down. We'll be fine Bro. Knicks about 20 tonight.


Think it's a blow out tonight. Nah, it's gonna be a good game but Nick's gonna win tonight. Nick. I feel like the Knicks is gonna win tonight. They have to win tonight but if the Pacers get this one it is over bro. Nah, I was gonna ask, is this a must win game for New York tonight? It's a must win. Must win. Come here and beat us twice. It's a must win. Yeah must win for New York beat twice at the crib because Indiana gonna win both games here in New Indianapolis. But it's a must win for New York. Think they'll come here and win two games. Who? New York? Nah, they not gonna win it. What y call that place? Games. Bridge Game? Yeah they went to the Bridge D Bro. They had hella names too. Yeah Bankers Life. I was about to, I think it was Bankers Life House. Yeah it was Bankers when I was here. Ghetto Ass spot like Cloud Dodge rebrand like Get With you got rebrand Lava.


What's the new spot? What lava New shit called? I dunno what we called Luster something. Yeah, wet Tt. But if you old enough for the city, You know Club we is y out of pocket. It been a minute since I car I be here. Your Knicks. What's up? Oh we winning bro. Darn. No matter we winning it is. It's over. Y'all had a good season though on me Fire season and y'all y'all What's going happen if hold on. This just is hot. What's gonna happen if the Knicks win the series? All or niggas going cheer and Block. Let's go Patriot. That was some good Shit. They gonna Hate us even more. They gonna say. I said y'all always come up short Dms. Our dms are going be crazy. Yeah so they gonna be like man fuck the Patriot.


They always do this shit to us. Yes. Y'all Don't do shit for the city anyway. Yes. Move to New York. All that shit. That's exactly what happened. Yeah I'm ready for it bro. It's You only Knicks fan though. Why y'all hate me? He A Knicks fan. Fuck. See you said you was a, I'm about to stop riding for this nigga. He he trying to throw me. I Man I'll never quit. He about, he about to be no low. I ain't Gave, I ain't gave up yet. Hey I still believe See you ain't real niggas Mike Coley from the nap man. Niggas Ain't even rep for him man. What's wrong with Y Niggas? Mike Ali is ready to go home Heard Shit. My colleague live in Columbus. I'm not coming Prince to the Hotel. Nah, but if the parishs make the shit bro, I ain't gonna lie.


It's up. That that'll be fucked. I go to a finals game and keep the bad vibes away. Yeah, we don't need some of y'all help. Nah, I really wish the, I really hope the Pacers make it to the final stuff. I mean I don't just So KC can show what's Up. I just think that'd be fired for the city. The real fans. Alright, when we get past the next we gonna talk about the LKC matchup. I'm gonna chill out for now though. I'm, I'm gonna relax but that's gonna be a tough Yeah I ain't gonna lie. They tough. We ain't ducking shit. Yeah we ain't duck his Shit. You know what bro? That's fine. Worry about the Knicks. That's it bro. Any of you betting ass niggas want to bet anything against KC in the Pacers, please, please hit my dm please. Yeah motherfucker that for everybody, that DM gonna be quiet as hell said that is not on DraftKings but we will move on.


Speaking of DraftKings, this is just a side question. Did y'all see the dudes that bet a hundred thousand that Angel Reese is gonna miss her first shot? I ain't see that. What Did it hit got? No she missed. These niggas are going crazy. We told you she missed a layup bro. Yeah I gotta find it bro. I was crying. Not no shade to Angel. Re shout to Angel Re but she will be on the latter part of this program. But the the Star betting for Miss Layups. I didn't know you could do that. I didn't either. They bet on Gatorade color, all kind of shit First shot. Damn. That's crazy. Please call the hotline if you're doing that type of behavior. You need some help. No, I, I need in because now I'm about to bet on her first. I bet I almost here yesterday. Julius Randall fucking sold. Everybody else cashed in For me.


Dang. That's two in a row. R JR let you down again. Lay me down.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and they did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly would know annual fee. Every swipe at the store. Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


'cause the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in a playoff game, dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo. Call Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Alright man, they announced all defensive teams yesterday. Yeah, let's split up a little bit. We gotta start off with the second team man. Got big zoo Jar Jackson Jr. Jalen Williams, AMI Kamar. He going crazy in Portland for short. And I gobert. Yeah I told Man he was my sleeper bro. Man he was. That's a fire team. Damn Jalen Williams made. That's cool. A and then that first team, Edmond Mobley, DPOY, Dyson Daniels, Lou do Draymond Green and a men Thompson There Some locking up motherfuckers. Yeah I I think Jar Jackson Jr. Kind of got cheated outta first team 'cause he was like a candidate for DPOY. I can't go from being a candidate for DPOY to not being first team. That's kind of crazy.


But all deserving players up. There are some great defenders for sure. I told you that boy from Portland, man, he, he all, I was watching him all year. I told he decent bro. They had him at the, at the draft lottery. They locked in with Chauncey. Found a good player. Him for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Aight. Thompson Twin getting that first team dp. That's crazy. He gonna get A-D-P-O-Y bro. That's, that's my boy from Detroit. Right. That's the one from Detroit. Let's go ahead and this it show, You know what I'm saying? We get a little iffy. Let's confirm that one. No, that's the Houston one. Yeah, the the one from Houston made it. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. SARS in Detroit. Okay. That's, he Should have made at least one. Damn. I'm surprised. I mean Thompson, they both guard but the other one a better defender going forward.


I think they, both of them would probably be habitual first teams. And also we get Wimy back next year too. Yeah. That's gonna be the dpo y until he that's Taking Yeah. Yeah. That, that trophy will be his bro. He back to averaging six blocks a game. Yeah. Yeah. But shout to them man. Draymond getting first team is crazy too. Og. Oh. Draymond talked himself into that even though he, he, he crazy on defense but he definitely spoken into existence. Yeah. He Look bald. That man Kurt, Kurt helped too. When he said he the best defender he ever seen and all that. Oh yeah. Gas it up. I'm rolling with it. You should Dyson Daniels man. I, to me should have been DPOY. Yeah. Evan three stills a game. That's tough. It's crazy. No disrespect to fmo.


We had a hell of year but Dyson Daniels is going crazy. Historic, historic defensive season for sure Ben. But shout out to them. I wanna ask y'all if I could pick one of 'em teams that have it. Your squad. Which one You taking The first team? The First they the only one with guards. Ooh, that second team. Yeah, They, they don't have no guards. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm locked in with the first chain. Yeah. I'm gonna get some type of bucket. Somebody gonna score Thompson twin to get a bucket. Real. Ooh that, that did. Oh that's tough. That second team is wicked. Motherfucker gonna run y out to jail Jerry Jackson back go worse. Jay Woods about to get 60. It's gonna be Jalen Williams and Zu back picker Rose for Actually he can't even do that 'cause Rudy go be to pay.


Yeah He can't get 60 'cause it's all defenders on the team. Can't wait to talk about Rudy Goldberg. I love you boy. Love you Boy. Yeah, Rudy go be Will definitely fund his show if he could For sure many W yesterday the fever took care of the dream. 81 to 76 Got they get back easy and the Liberty took care of the sky. 99 to 74 built a ass in Chicago yesterday. More of that game. Chicago might be the worst thing. The league Chicago. Yeah. They're on their way to be them trading Net three pick was a bad idea. Well Them man of Dallas Wings are horrible. Yeah, Chicago is Terrible though. They be getting smacked. Yeah, I look at that roster and I I see no promise. I see in the Dallas swings. Yeah they just got that one peak. They got recap.


They can move her for something. Yeah, they can rebuild. It's real quiet For the championship though. I don't know man. The Liberty. The Liberty called it's built to ass Repeat season right now bro. It might be. The Fever have gotten better for sure. Their their off season pickups have definitely helped them to. Natasha, how we're Crazy Fever. Yeah. Not the but that's, I'm a Fever fan. I fuck with the fever too. I'm, I'm a Fever fan. Oh yeah. The dream. The dream. You know we locked in 'cause I had, You know Angel and Angel was there. That was my squad. That was first Grinder. That's, that's 'cause two Of some of the best players come out at t. Professional sports. Fuck outta here. But I used to go to the dream game. I, I went, I ain't never been to a Fever game so beat him at Fever games.


That's what made me a fever fan. Anytime you can get 10,000 people to wear a t-shirt with your name on the back of it instead of a jersey. I'm a fan bro. Kaylen Carters is a goat bro. I believe it though. I'm rocking with the fever though. Nah, Kaylen Carter won. They stood Up the whole game too Way the fever game used to look and how she got it looking man. Next Dj the next, Did we go to the Dallas Game? Yes we did. Yes bro. On a Sunday it looked like church in there and It was like two o'clock. Yeah she lit. And I used to work there. I used to close upper bowl. We did not have those fever games were great days at work. Yeah bro. I could count on my fingers. So many people gonna slide. You Can talk to somebody across the arena. Oh I did bro. Now parking is at a premium. Yeah, we ain't go to this story. No. Yeah let's talk, let's talk the real story.


E. Ever since Erica Wheeler left we got better. I Told y'all she was holding y'all back. Shout out to my Dog. Where you weeds playing? In Seattle? In Seattle? They going through right now. Oh she in Seattle. Go head. Come to commentating boy. Start your podcast. Nah, that's the crazy part. Podcast to Iwi. Come on this way baby. She about 35 ain't she? But she up here. I mean she a little older for How how old is Skylar? How old is Skylar digs? Skylar gotta be about 33. 32. 33. Yeah. I'm about say like they ain't in her latter part of career. Yeah. Shout to Scholar for sure. All right man. Before we get to verify buckets, timber, wolves, OKC done deal.


Does this mean anything for Ant if You know what I'm saying? They get bounced right now or it is this great season. This is a tough, it been a tough year for Ant. I Think you had a great basketball, You know what I mean? But shit man he got people chasing him, stalking him at the hotels and shit like that. Yeah he got a lot going on boy. Just trying to lock in, get some shit done. But it ain't mean nothing. I mean okay see he's supposed to be here. They a better team. They got the MVP. It don't really, it ain't gonna hurt no way. He just gotta bounce back. Okay. If it don't work out. But I still think they got a chance. Yeah I seen something last night. Like you said they get the ball outta Shahan. I don't think Jalen Williams gonna score that Will on the road. I don't think he's gonna be that same guy with that crowd going crazy.


I don't believe it. I perform that Will and I don't think Caruso gonna make shots like that in Minnesota. They get the ball of his hand. They got a chance. And that's Crazy to say about Jaylen Williams 'cause he's not a role player bro. He's an Allstar bro. So he should be able to play on the role at home. Shouldn't matter. But I mean some, I mean all stars role players make all stars bro. It is. But he ain't a superstar. Nah, he ain't a superstar but he's an all star so he should be able to gimme 20 no matter where we play. Mm. Yeah I mean but you can see how it is Jalen Like I understand what you're saying. Julius Randall about to go crazy in Minnesota. Yeah I feel the same way but I'm just saying I should guarantee your twenties should be guaranteed from me. Julius gotta shake back. His 20 should be guaranteed too. Like two the game. It is crazy bro.


Yeah. Not a role player. He didn't play in the fourth quarter and that was kind of alarming. But the way the game was, they couldn't have him or like Nasri was playing. Okay. And the kid Alexander Walker was playing good. Yeah I thought they coulda took Mike out no shade to Mike. But he just, I mean he was just kind of out there. Dante gotta give him a little more too. I know he say it every day but he, he really do bro. They need another spark bro. They need another third strong option. You need to do that shit he was doing with the Knicks bro. Yeah I think they just meant they match. Yeah okay. I think they just, they would have to have pay perfect to get through this series.


But the thing is just don't get swept. Yeah they going, they always the most aggressive defensive team and so the teams that they play, the Lakers who they play before this, Fuck they oh Golden State. Golden State them are not super great defensive teams. Right. Yeah. So they look like the young energetic, athletic getting up in people paws and guard and full court making it tough now. And now it's changed 'cause now y'all going against a younger group. Yeah. Who also play like that And they do that every single day and they got better athletes. They can meet you at every spot. Athletes. Yeah they bigs move better than your bigs and you probably Yeah they just over matched.


Really? Yeah I I think it's still gonna go six though. You Still gotta go six? Yeah like I said ain't serious to the home team lose so I got five. We shall see for sure very five buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Man I gotta give it to SGA bro SGA man. What y call him the foul bandit or whatever the hell the Foul Merchant, merchant whatever. Yeah bro, he, he solidify this MVP for sure bro. Bro really cold man. I watched, I literally watched the whole game just to see like man How is he, he didn't get no fouls either. Like nah it was buckets nigga. I just want niggas to know that. Yeah. I'm like how is he doing this bro? Shot Good. Yeah he Is cold.


He's one Of one some spots. I mean he Uses Body so well. Yeah he bumped And he those first Little 38 and eight. Hell not at the office T who you got? Man I'm gonna go with my girl Ryan Howard shout to the dream. No I'm gonna go with Herbie just because she, she be talking shit and Caitlyn wouldn't know hoe. She was like nigga I ain't scared of you. I fucked with that. Like they made it like interesting but I don't know why everybody want to go at her so bad. She the one? Yeah she Larry Bird bro. She the one bro and she pop her. She Must talk shit or something. She definitely bro She talk to a lot.


She's not out there just getting buckets bro. She do talk shit. She ain't Kelsey Plum bro. She out there, she on Her step. Shit. She definitely not Kelsey Plum plum Talk shit bro. But I'm saying though Kaylin Clark talks shit bro like kg bro. She talk shit. For real? Yeah she be talking G Grease out there for sure. Alright Mo who you got Go with J dub man 26, 10 and five. You keep that up. You gonna be a champ soon bro. Most definitely show some love to ae with 32 and nine. Even though they took the L lasted certain. Not least Natasha Howard of Fever yesterday, she shot that jump hook for game and we lost, she redeemed herself a 26 and seven y. She the best player on the team. Na, Natasha Howard like that on real shit. She really the best player on the team. She really the go-to player Kailyn bro draw a lot of attention but she the go-to, excuse me, she get all the buckets.


He got it DJ do, that's Kalen Clark team. So it's her team but she get the buckets. She, she say she the best scorer, she the bucket getter like nigga, best player say she's a beneficiary of some of that. But man y'all niggas don't move without Kaly Clark. Yeah. Nah. Or Kelsey Mitchell don't move without Kaly. Clark go, she got there doming them. She had an off night yesterday bro. But she just had 24 and 70. About how much she having what Natasha Howard. Natasha Howard's a bucket. That's what she, she averaging talking to Kayla car and she Cisco or somebody nigga. Yeah she yeah Natasha Howard Cisco was the star but the best singer Drew Hill was the fat nigga. He's like what the fuck we talking about?


Long as I'm the star. Right. That is a fact. What, talking about coming to see you Otis, she her 15? Yeah. Yeah she'd be killing. Nah Tasha Howard the solid. Well Leah boss Harris, Tasha Howard boy she, I thought that was free. Oh me. I was like Theo definitely K MOOC said Theo Riley crazy. I swear I thought that was Ken fare the picture and then the where she average freaky. Mike is not here today. We got mouth 15. That's what I'm saying like Caly car party averaging what? 14, 14, 9. She ain't average no damn 20.


Alright. Average 16, 17 go to go to her stats. Oh my 20. I don't know what 26 and I what y'all do? What you got average 20 in two years is my shit. Go make it big. I dunno my shit. Make it big 29 course like make it look at her shooting percents man fuck her shooting percent bro. 29 to six bro. Y'all score off my rebound niggas shooting. Come on man. Shout to the people man. It's your team. 37 for three. Show team girl. Shout let get our locker room.


We good. It's your team. Nah for real it's your team. Keep that energy away. 19. We got good chemistry over here bro. With the fever bro. 19 don't bring the real to the locker room Natasha. It's your team. Nah don't nah Natasha you take the ball out. Throw it to me for game point. That's what they did. They did. We realized it didn't work so we went back to what was supposed to work one the next night but y'all our man jump. See this is shit that made me wanna go back to being a dream fan. That's this, this kind of shit that be happening. They ain't never wanna see my homie. Girl and Natasha go crazy.


Never. How tall is she? Six three. She's six two Boy you are six two center. Hold it down girl. Girl. Yeah that's tall. Shout out to Kayla Clark. Hey let's move on back. Get well soon when we end up on that list let's time Howard. Nice bro. Change her picture though. Rudy looking like Kendrick Perkins in the driveway wrote a clip man what fuck are you doing bro? This Is why nigga he out there plenty in the bullshit. Why is he over here doing that?


Because I swear to God if you do that again you coming out so fast this Is not gonna help you read that. Why are you doing that? He talking about ESPN paid for posting that too The got the wristband on this shit. Hey Jordan at seven four bro. Trash all nasty, nasty work man aint Bro with everything in me man Bro this is shout to James man. Get your money's worth king. That's when You know somebody getting the best of you just pushing that. Fuck it.


Yeah. Yeah. That's not no basketball party. Not at all. On the Flagrant with Shay. Was there just a little frustration boil over how what, what, what kind of Nah, I just just went to Fat for I wasn't even mad. It just half hours to use. That's a good answer though. I broke with it. All right. What we got next? Oh man y'all Stupid been a minute since I caught on the front. Oh yeah. Wrote Angel Reese. It was, this is where they be. I think it was her first shot. Nah this wasn't Picks It up. Go to work. Get on that glass. Get on that glass, get on that glass. Get peace.


Get on that glass. What? What you seeing Mo? She is tweaking. We could kick one of them out. That's I'm saying like what are You doing? Kick the ball At least one of them Head down. Getting after it ain. What y'all say? Put your head down and getting after it. Shout out to about 2K man. My guys on 2K. Hey Jaquan Jones got five blocks and didn't jump once she stood still the entire possession. Like what Did she stood? I'm on that glass. Andrew had 12 rebounds yesterday. Five came in disposition. This is literally past stack ain't she Trying to get a bucket. Every Three is like please pass Everybody shoot position after This.


Gotta do it. You gotta, you Gotta be like this niggas is like this Niggas is whole Lt like a motherfucker Pressing A oh man get one sooner. Shout to the rebound but you gotta screen that a little bit faster Queen. Fuck That average to double on these niggas. I'm rolling Last but sir not least DJ Khaled the Fuck is niggas Ron Cliff. Well Whatcha doing today?


This promoting new album. Look at the Maybach though. The Maybach Clean that be Nigga look crazy. It's only funny because if you look at his vest and then look at Vest that couldn't close the vest got off. That got a comfort bond be here. This your mess man. New album on the way. Yeah know I roll with K Man. Do whatever you want bro. Until you go to jail. He going to jail. He gotta get on the stick here He got baby oil.


Chop the Kid cut. Y'all see that thing Steve? Steve Harvey? You talking about the baby? Yes bro. He's out. He is going to jail too. Oh man. He said you could heat it up. I just see that in the book. That nigga said you could pull it in a water rag, heat it up a little bit and then you wr it out on him. I said D damn freaky Steve. Steve going crazy. That's how Horrible boy. What'd he say again? Shoot a text. Shoot a We getting outta here.


Shout out to Boost Mobile. $25 on unlimited everything. Tap in forever. 5G Nationwide man 5G Nationwide Tap in five 20. We support Boost Mobile. We all about to be on here. You see the, you see the cup holders, whatever the thing's got on the mic. The mic stand. The mic stand. Boy caught on Cup holder. Five 20 supports Boost Mobile for $25 Nationwide. 5G. We got all that good stuff man. Tap in. Tap in. Next deal. Chirps on the way next week.


We'll see y'all on Monday. Y'all be safe. Five 20 in the Morning. The volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HEL p.com.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


You're listening to an iHeart Podcast.