
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education, employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


State Farm DJ dramas from life. As a gringo, no. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura Podcast Network.


What Does KISQALI mean for Lisa, who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause long problems or an abnormal heartbeat, which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems, and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com For more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's K-I-S-Q-A-L I.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. Check out Bose dot com. The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date everything in the sports world, especially basketball.


I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left brother. He to my right, my brother t fellas. How y'all doing this morning? Ooh, good. What? They ain't gonna be calling that nigga brother after they see this show tonight. Listen man, we got a great podcast loading up today at 12:00 PM Eastern. Call me the real brother. He call you Dr. Real question. Real questionable about that podcast today man. Please tap in for sure. Listen man, it's a great night in sports yesterday, nacho Man. You called him man. They was on the Twitter streets asking for your response today. Man. Your ho got the duck. They knew who the vibes was. They thought it wasn't gonna come prepared. The rebrand, the Double zero Street, the iron on this man.


Nah, if you played on the team you gotta swing. Man, that's crazy. Look at this man. I told you Boomer. I told you what we was doing. Double zero is wild. Double zero, you know what I mean? I came back for the second time so I doubled up. Hey you know it's funny, they went in the comments, they was just like, oh Google sir, who had zero that year? Somebody sad. That's crazy man. All took care of business yesterday. 1 0 8 to a hundred got a double against the Knicks yesterday. Man. They going to Vegas punch a ticket last night. Yeah, I got my ticket. I'll meet 'em there. Okay. Matter of fact I'm gonna beat 'em there so you know we good about to win the the chip. We gonna celebrate at Magic City too after we win all damn the Flyback.


Yeah, we sl we him for Brave Bro. That's a hella holding the home. What This man Troy Young yesterday. We said he needed to be aggressive offensively 22 and 11 D Hunt. You said possible six man a year situation. Been playing good the last two months. He had a smooth 24 and Jalen Johnson man 2115 to seven going crazy man. That's the big three for the Hawks right now. De Hunt coming off the bench giving us buckets off the bench. I think he averaged close to 19 points a game. And you know how I feel about Jalen Allstar? Yeah. And Trey Young, he's still ahead of the snake so he still shit going. He's been playing great getting his teammates involved. One of the top leaders in Assist. He might be leading the league in Assist for sure.


We definitely gotta check that up. I know he's top three for sure. But what's so crazy is man we ain't even talking about, I'm saying young Zachary the number one pick. They building a nice little nucleus and I know we've been iffy all year about trading Tre Young but they having a hell of a season right now. Yeah, they making a run man. I told you it's kind of like the Pacers last year they got going in this little end season tournament and I felt like the Hawg had that same kind of energy going and right now they playing Will for sure man, listen, Trey Young New York man my favorite part about this was him at the end of the game. Nah, we shoot dice on that shit. Shoot dice on the logo. That was fire Joe. Joe. We shot Dice on y'all shit. That's crazy. Ah, seven 11 nigga six eight.


That's out of pocket. Jalen Brunson out of pocket for only having 14 last night. That hurt him bro. Yeah he is on my official mail list. Every time I put some US currency on Jalen Brunson, he decides to turn this shit Dude a picture that's delivered from St. Louis with a frizzy hair. That's one of the most accurate meanings is I, I am too a victim of Jaylen Brunson selling bro celebrating on their court like that. And the way that they hate Trey Young is the best shit ever. Tre he run, he run New York bro. Shoot official on him. We live rent free in they head bro. They about to gas that up so much. Shoot dice on that shit. Trey. Yes, that's what I'm talking about. Get disrespectful bro. Well I got whatever if they go to the playoffs on the Knicks. Oh Harford. Nicks in the Playoffs. That matchup ever happened. I got whatever on that. Oh we we live rent free.


We already, you know what that dude, hey man we we real comfortable in New York. Jalen Johnson is special though. We real comfortable in New York It's special but I'm asleep in the playoffs. We got a penthouse in Tribeca. We real comfortable in New York. Don't be too sleep in the playoffs. I remember last playoffs we kicked off On talking about his penthouse. Y'all, he ain't talking about Trey Young. Nah, Trey Young gotta figure out I try be Rush to be in Washington Heights. The Bronx tribe. Woo. Quick little Uber. Yeah Tribeca cost. That's a grip of a hat. That's crazy. Kat had 19 to 19 yesterday. Stat's going crazy Is to say more about the Knicks or the Hawks yesterday. Hawks bro.


Bro we playing at a high level right now. Yeah okay. We found our groove. I think D Hunt coming off the bench. Like I said, he having a six minute a year type of season. Yeah. You know it's gonna be tough to be Peyton Pritchard because of the, the hype round the Celtics. But if you really tap in and watch D Hunt's playing at a high, high low. Yeah him so he's averaging out what 20? Yeah bro. You get Yeah Denver average 20 bro. Yeah, Yeah he kill him. Yeah, he's he's special. The six man of the year. You averaging the dub in the NBA off the bench. I gotta be one too. Yeah. In the running. I gotta be, I would give him the no right now 'cause he's needed like I think the Sixers, I mean the Celtics would be the same team without Peyton Prichard.


Yeah. There's somebody else that could fill that void. Yeah, no disrespect to him 'cause he nice but yeah he playing great. I mean Cogging the machine right now but I think Deion d Hunt without him, the Hawks wouldn't be in none of these positions to even be Player. His dub is way more meaningful to the Hawks facts than Peyton Prichard 20 or 32. They need that dub for sure. Yeah. Yeah. They don't really need Peyton. I think Pete Peyton pri average in 1516 For sure. Which is still crazy on that team. Yeah, I mean he has a hell of a year but you can get thes up regardless man. Shout to Peyton Prichard. But for Tre young man, you know a lot of, a lot of things been said about him this year. Is he still one of the most underrated stars in the league? Yeah. Tre a star though. Said underrated. Underrated.


Hm. I don't know. It's like, it seem like a lot of people don't like re you know, for some reason and I don't know what it is not to like about him. I mean shit, he doing everything at 5 10, 5 11. Yeah. So he is gonna be, he's gonna be challenges for him like defensively he is a little guard but the scoring, the passing, the Nigga still can't guard him though. Yeah, I don't know which more like what more do you want from him? Yeah, I never understood it 'cause like it was just like he, he was too young. He was too cocky too early. I'm like okay, but he got to the eastern conference finals. Yeah. There's a lot of people in that position that y'all was talking about that didn't make it that far. He got there early and he carried, he got them there. I'm something Don being cocky, I'm in Atlanta bro.


And y'all like bro say nigga five 10 bro. The N nba, he's a yeah averaging double, double pop your shit bro. Yeah bro. I'm the shit, fuck y'all bro. And he been coach since he was a kid like in high school. He was like this in college. He was like this. He didn't get to the NBA terms to this tre young, Tre young his whole life. I ain't seen nobody that little killed like that since Isaiah Thomas in the NBA. Yeah that's why I don't, I don't know if he under maybe but I just, I think he get the love. I don't know if he get enough love. I think people hate, I don't, I don't know. I don't know why they hate the way he play. He might be a tough player to play with if you know the guard like a ball dominant guard. Like it was tough for me to play with him because I was a point guard too. But he's a dominant point guard like he's gonna have a rock or whatever.


And probably the same thing with Deonte Murray, he's just a bad fit. But like when it's his team and he got Jalen Johnson and shooters and scorers around him that don't need to dominate the ball, he can be the point guard. Yep. Shit this is what you get right Here. You played off the ball with him. Shit I ain't playing. Well that boy a fool lady. Shout to Laurie Pierce Threw his name in the bucket. Shit what? I played with him? Nah, I mean I got the game with him. I mean I played off the ball but it was cool like you just gotta build some trust with him like he don't he one of 'em kids or I should say we ain't one of those guys a man that you just gotta build trust with him.


Okay. Like if he don't trust you with the rock shit it is my team, my name on the line. I feel him like shit I ain't about to pass you the rock Shit I respect. Damn. That's funny as hell man. Re young in LA doing Niggas how Kobe we did them likers niggas. Hell yeah. Why would I pass you the ball if I could probably hit this bit over three people then you wide open. That's how you feel. Nigga Said Phil you left me out here with the east niggas. Hey Kobe was probably a nigga Are people. He was bro. You see how you talk to people bro. He did my boy Smosh Parker so bad. He told nigga man they said it's three people on you. Kobe don't why open in the the book. He said, I mean you can get the offensive rebound. Oh my damn being put back nigga.


Yeah That's the offense bro. Just in case I miss you got an easy bucket. Yeah but the smosh marker stuff. He said we too cheap to go get a point guard but that's crazy man. But Call me out of pocket for never talking to niggas like that bro. Say what's up to me bro? Nah bro. We teammates fan holler at Me barely. Hey man you gonna have some confliction this weekend. My bob bucks and Hawks Saturday four 30. I ain't, I ain't know Uhuh. You know where I live. You live in Indiana now You know my other house at, I Told you I got properties. You taking them.


Oh you taking them? I played eight years in Atlanta. Okay. I played Here Go this bullshit in Milwaukee. Here go this history y'all. I'm just saying like we didn't Know about fear of the deer until this nigga started saying that shit. Fear the deer Now niggas I lived they days Did. I ain't even have a real apartment man. I lived in a closet. Respect Lord Milwaukee about I have a TV in my bedroom Be in jail so bad. I used to turn To nigga wanted to be locked up so bad. I used to turn the TV on in the front room and just listen while I was laying in The bed. That's so nasty.


Shit. He just wish it was in my room. You know what's crazy. That was what year? Two year 11. 12. My nigga was sitting like he had just got to a door but college it was, y'all should have seen that wouldn't let nobody up there but you coulda had a TV in your room. We're just sleep on your couch my nigga and Watch tv. Hell no. All the couch is crazy. He said the couch asleep is is ghetto but you not getting no TV for your bedroom. Which is out pocket. The room was so small even fit. You Have The Volume on It couldn't even fit. It couldn't even fit. The bedroom was so small I couldn't even fit the TV in there. Damn. He's fucking lying. I put that on my right hand to guy. Ask p PK to stay one day. She was like, nah, just I'm gonna get a hotel.


Yeah hotel bro. Well your shorty get the hotel on you. So are you paying rent? This ain't just no swing pussy. This is your wife, your lady and she tell you I'm gonna get the hotel. It was crazy. It was, it was. It was bad bro. Hey man, asked PJ Tucker bro. He said man oh p something like that. PJ was like man I about to pull up there and have a drink bro. I said nigga no. He was like, what? I was like, he's like, he said I'm come up there Bedroom not fitting the TV bro. I swear to God bro. All the Milwaukee landlords are piss. You didn't tap me in bro. It was bro. I'm tell you where it was right across the street from the practice facility.


I used to walk to practice but I had to. You deserve that championship. Think it was a studio though. 'cause it wasn't even a real bedroom. It ain't had no door. You was just out there doing shit. Whatever was available there. There's The spot. I was like, they said it is 900 a month. I mean y'all like, oh Yeah, hell yeah. Yeah, he was supposed to get robbed bro. Nigga T lived in that building too, so No, I knew I was good but T probably lived at the top. He had the house. I think he had the pin right. I think the think he had the pint house. The pit House was like 2,500. He ain't doing it right bro. If we gonna be in the hood, bro, at least be comfortable.


Listen, get On. He was to Jefferson, I was good times. Oh man, that's hilarious. Miss, obviously you going with the Hawks. Hear who you got, man. Milwaukee bro. Going Milwaukee. Alright, for shits and giggles, what does the Hawks have to do to win this game? You talked about the way that, you know what I'm saying? Honestly? Yeah. Milwaukee plays crazy defense. We gotta shoot the three at a high clip. Mm. If Tray young, he gonna have to have a special moment. Obviously he's playing well getting everybody involved, but we're gonna have to shoot the three at a high clip. Yeah, Milwaukee can score the ball most defensively. They're bad. We're not gonna stop Giannis. I don't think we have anybody that can stop Giannis. Ordained. Ordained like so we gonna have to shoot the ball at a very, very high clip.


It's gonna be a high scoring game. Yeah, but we gonna have to get out and run and get some E Easy baskets and shoot the three at a high cliff. For sure. For sure. You look at that magic game. We know Jalen Suggs went crazy in this situation, but I think the Hawks in the way that they're scoring a little bit more spread out could get them a little bit more of a trouble. It's like you said, the lack of defense at the Hawks. I mean the Bucks play. Mike, come y'all favor man. Treo just gotta get hot. And I think that's possible in this game for sure. Yeah, he gotta have a big game. Yeah, he got a counter game. He has to. He can't go one of those nights where six for 18 or he gotta have 11 for 22 night. You know what I mean? And shoot five for nine from the three or something. Like he gotta have one of them kind of games and All three of them gonna have to kill her again.


Yeah, It got it Have to be it to be a team effort. It's gonna have to be a remix of this for sure. But I don't know. It's gonna be a tough one. Tough man because it's to the Knicks and I know Yonas in the Knicks team. Nah, it's gonna be tough. He's in the building this weekend for sure. Good basketball man. Shout out to NBA Cup man. For sure.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're on sale. A Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some TDS or Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to Optin. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. What does kisqali mean for Lisa? Who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me.


I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause long problems or an abnormal heartbeat, which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems, and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment.


Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection, a severe or worsening rash R or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com For more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's KIS qa i.com. This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew. Stirring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Listen man, shout out to the Rockets man. They broke a 15 game losing streak to the Warrior last night on a crazy controversial call to end the game, man. Yeah, that was a crazy, crazy way for the Warriors to lose man. That is home cooking for sure. He should have. He should have caught that ju ball man. You can't end the game like that. Is Bill Kennedy out of pocket for making that call there? I ain't going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He is. He out of pocket? Yeah. Boys felt like that. He hit that that Vegas button. Nah, for sure bro. He out pocket. Yeah that shit scene fixed bro. I'm nothing bro. I don't know shit. It is what it is. I mean the rocket smoke this game, you know what I'm saying? Lost his, they should have lost his game. Realistically. They smoked his game.


They shouldn't even let that league come up. But bridge to come to that type of an dy bro is absolutely crazy. Man. Mingle look good too. Last night he was hooping yesterday, you know what I'm saying? He went crazy. Steph had 19 nikie victory for the Rockies yesterday, like you said was for singing Nik Kill. I let Draymond neutralize him. He didn't Sure let that happen. 26 and 11. He was fucking hooping yesterday. He nice man. All make a move. Jimmy Butler sweepstakes is now began. Oh. So let Bernie say it's loud. He gonna be a warrior. Okay. I could see that. I mean I don't know why they would do it. 'cause I think Minga, you gonna have to give up Minga. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I, he might not be aware.


I don't think they gonna give up Minga for Jay, for Jimmy because they're already a older bunch. Jimmy. Damn. There might be a liability to them because if we give up Minga, Jimmy might say, man I hate it here. It's like, oh Jimmy be about his way. I guess from my, okay from other side of the coin is like, okay you have Steph, you have a couple more years of him being in this level. Do you want it to say fuck it, we gonna go all out. We gonna put enough stuff around him to compete until he's here because when he leaves we gonna rebuild anyway. So I mean come get nice bro. But if Jimmy Butler gives me a better chance of being something better right now, then I can deal with that. 'cause it, it ain't seem like they even on the same level when it comes from an extension. So how, how long do you think Steph will play at this level?


Probably two more years at this level then I think we'll start to see a little bit of a decline. But he's a great, so I don't think it's gonna be a drafts one, but I could see Steph playing like he's playing for another two years for sure. So he is 38. Yeah, but you're gonna have to put something else. You can't ask him to carry you at 38. He can be your second best player. But how old is Jimmy? Jimmy? Probably close than 30, 34. Probably 34. Damn one year off Steph. Steph just a shooter? Huh? Steph really just a shooter at this point? Nah, I mean at the end tail end of his career bro. He can transition. He'll play along in the Jimmy Butler. Yeah. Oh, he saying he can transition to like Ray Allen. Oh he can't? Yeah that's, that's just to be a hard gun.


Yeah, for Sure. Yeah he's a shooter bro. So I think he'll the longevity. No I agree. You're definitely sacrificing age. If you could go commit in this straight. Yeah, definitely. I don't think you're giving Jimmy it at 35 a four year max deal. Damn, That's old to in the NBA. That's crazy. Damn og. Hey you got a 22-year-old Caming good. Like I just, I'm rolling Them giving you the same productivity But now I mean just all hypothetical. What if Steph is like make it happen? Yeah. Oh They gonna do it. You gotta do it. Yeah, but I'm just saying dude, I don't know. I don't know. That's the, that's the question. Unless Jimmy's willing to sign a two year deal or a three year deal. Oh we probably doubt that. I probably doubt it. I don't think anybody's gonna give.


How old is Paul George? Because I could take that back. Pgs gotta be 33, 34. Yeah he's 34 right? Yeah, 34. He might get a four year deal. PG got a four year deal after them injuries. I could definitely see somebody giving Jimmy a three year max. Yeah. Oh four four at this day and age is kind of crazy. So I could definitely see three. Okay. But Jimmy, the person who fucking around the go outperformed that money in year one to two. Yeah, we thought about that, what he did in Miami and look what he did for that organization. So you never know man. But listen man, get your money man.


Warriors gonna have to do something man. I mean granted they did, you know whatever happened with this game. But for them to really push the, like you said Steph plays for championships. They're gonna have to make a move bro. They can't compete in the West without no more firepower. Yeah, that's that's true. Alright man. Your rockets man know you was hating on 'em. B here Ain't my Rockets Niggas your rockets man. Alright bro. Them y'all niggas man. Good D Saturday night I gotta go against the Thunder. Who you got Thunder easily Light Work. Yeah, whatever y'all want to do. YouTube, whatever these niggas want to do JV game for us. Them near Bye Damn ab bye to the chip. Easy. Y'all gave it to us. Damn. That's tough. What you got Tig? I'm gonna go with the Thunder 'cause I think Hartenstein can slow down Al.


Yeah I think Hartenstein is a premier defender and center in the league and I think he's like the perfect, like he was built and he was paid to be on this team for these kind of reasons. A guard Yoki gon whoever else is the top big men in the west. So, And we missing Chad. This was where he gonna earn his money right here. Yeah the the Battle of Wings in this game is gonna be really interesting to see. Like you say you a lot of the wing players you like for the Rockets. Yeah, I mean The Thunder ain't got no slouches either bro. Y'all know how I feel about Jaylen. We We got better players. I think Jaylen Williams is a premier player in the league. Most definitely. I compare him to a JB kind of player.


Jaylen Brown. I think they very similar. Both can attack the basket really well. Can capable three point shooters, good defenders. I compare them two. I think he had Young Jaylen Brown and then we know Shay. MVP Star. Yeah, star Superstar. Yeah. That's the big difference between us two. 'cause you can't compare the best Star and the Rockets too. He Just talking about style y'all for y'all start getting weird and shit. What? You know how people like compare What? Jalen Brown in, he just As good is Jalen Brown. I mean shit. He is. I'm saying he is. Nah he not as good right now. Why Not go check the stats Not as good. You put put Ja Check the Stats.


You put Jalen Williams on the team solo is different than if Jalen Brown was on the team solo. Jalen Brown never been on the team solo. But I'm saying if you did You put Jalen, you put Jalen Williams on the Celtics right now. It's gonna be the same shit. I don't know. I just say if you give him they own team, I think Jalen Brown like, I mean Jalen Brown been in the league longer. I mean respect. But I You said the same player now though. Yeah, I'm saying he, I'm slid Jalen Brown in year seven, maybe seven eight Jalen Williams in like year three. It's gotta be at least eight I think. Maybe seven. Yeah. I ain't gonna do Jalen Brown like that.


If they both had, if you put Jalen Brown on the Hornets and put Jay difference Because you're eight for him, right? Yeah, I would say I see what you're saying as far as like the productivity stuff. I don't think he's better than JB right now or could do what he can do right now. But as far as that trajectory, I can see where you're going for that. Yeah, he's cold year eight for Jalen Williams. He will be better than Jalen Bryan Freak. He might pulled it up man. Last time they, they they came across each other. Rockets got that dub. You sure you wanna put all that money on the thunder Man on me? Whatever y'all wanna do. Okay. It's what it's, I like the rocking stuff for sure man. So obviously y'all going thunder in that situation. I'm yes you Ain't. Okay, so set matchups for championships.


Who y'all got Thunder coming out the west? Who you taking out the east run with your Hawks? Yeah. All right. Who you got? Who you got? I wanna see that thunder rush Milwaukee. Mm. The the, the Hawks is on a good TBO run though. That's good for that momentum. You know what I mean? And the east is spooky. So rather they, whether the hawks win or lose, they straight out east. It ain't no because it it is, it is wicked out east Bro. Say we get a Milwaukee OKC final in the cup. Who's getting that dub? I'm scared of Damon Lilly. Mm. Just Keep it real. Okay so you, you, you going Milwaukee in that situation where you rolling with Love?


The Haw can win it all. Oh the Hawks can win out my fault. Yeah. Okay. Respect King Trey gonna play KC he gonna have a flashback being an Oklahoma turn up on him boy. Oh if the Hawks meet the thunder it is 30 piece For the Thunder. Yeah we gonna win by 30. Okay. I would love for Trey Young to just fuck up the rest of this tournament and just drop 30 and 10 the rest of the way. Yeah that would be great. But I could definitely see Milwaukee winning this. Like I said, when it's, when it comes down to it, you don't got a dam, you don't gotta honest man and it shows it can get spooky for show. I don't know if y'all seen this or not. Have y'all seen the NBAs potentially try to get like a, a Euro league type situation Where they happen on league in Europe?


Ah, they Sean sign me. I see, okay. Okay. You, you going to go over here and get the surgery? Ah, I don't need it no more. I'm back. I've been training my knees for two years. Okay. Turn up today I can dunk again. Oh yeah, we gotta get you back in Atlanta. Rim Razer though. Rim Razer. I about to say don't go too crazy. Gotta Get you some VC really Gonna fall apart like a Lego out there. Fuck him. Qui McCall on the brake. Chris McCall get hurt on that dunking so crazy to me. Still, You know this nigga fuck up anything with his knees off a dunk. He is gonna be the Bitterest nigga ever. I don't dunk no more bro. I shoot all threes young legs bro. I'm About say you a transition three pointer at this point. I Don't, God, I'm pulling up Hezie pool.


This funny part when we'd be posting the clips on IG couldas hips, like why he don't drops to the basket? I'm like bro, he can shoot. Yeah I don't, It's really just really a difference in niggas that play basketball though. It's A big difference bro. It's a Huge difference bro. Yeah Bro, it it, it is level cities and nigga LA Fitness cannot do nothing with that bro. You don't want no problems with that. Hey, how y'all feel about the free throw challenge Stephen? A Kenny Smith. Gimme Kenny. Yeah, gimme Kenny Smith. I just wanna see it happen. Yeah, gimme Kenny. That's the layup. Stephen out of pocket though. He been locked in bro. Nah bro. What we been shooting with your man's lethal? He's straight to Stephen a Oh yeah, he was tra I got, I got a thousand on Kenny on my, Yeah, I I put half a, I put half a ticket.


I'm Kenny take the max over for show. Hell yeah. I don't know but King say shooting was left hand. That's disrespectful. I'm was hand, I'm taking Stephen a I'll take Kenny still. Ah yeah Kenny, I, I don't do, he might speak to the origin, stick to the, I need finals a free throw line Kenny. Oh God. Not This new Nigga. That's a New York shit. Might be. And your legs is already. Well that's why he got your left-handed now. Nah Bro. Legs already fucked up. That's what I said. Kenny Smith might be one of the coldest one. I wonder How his knees got like that. I know bro. I seen like Fat Joe knee like that a little bit too. Oh that was old. I'm like, but Kenny Smith damn near was he built like that in, in Houston?


I don't know. Yeah, bouncing shit. That's What I'm saying. He was In the dunk contest. I'm trying to figure out. Yeah but they said You the most athletic handicap nigga ever bro. But Veon Max Maxwell Said that for yo for your knees to be rubbing and your motherfucker told to be inward like this and you jumping out the gym bro, you a freak of nature bro. He Said they wasn't like that until after he like till he got like late, late, late in his career. He is like early on he wasn't like that. Oh okay. So I wonder what happened. He said Turn that to that. Yeah Because motherfucker go to sleep and wake up. Motherfucker walking dumb to the bitch. I had surgery for real bro. Me bro. I immediately bro Extreme me all the way back. Normal bro. Only girls with fat asses walk like that bro.


No they don't bro. Nah Bro, motherfucker walk with that, that pigeon to Now with your knees rubbing. I only, I only know one girl that walked like that. I swear to God. I know two, I know two. Shut the fuck up. Right. Shut up, up On Hell no. Nope. Hey, if this is happen that you wanna talk about, Nope we probably Pocket. I'm just let that go. But now that your situation interested man you fried he Goy man.


Oh man. That's crazy. But nah, that's like damn they're trying to start like a champions league situation but they gonna tap into their Euro band. It is like all right, all this talent coming up outta here. We about to get them straight to the league first. Ain't want nobody else league say all in the family. That's, that's smooth right there. Y'all are. Hell man. Thursday night football Rams at 49. What you got? Yeah. Is that a game? Fuck we doing 49. We we man they trying to get Deebo mad at the quarterback and shit. What the fuck going on? Yeah man, Debo get off Twitter bro. Yeah man. And start wearing now bro. Damn that motherfucker on prom. Oh yeah, Amazon got that bag. Oh. Jeff Bezo clouding boy go crazy my nigga. What's Night football? Yeah they it gonna be on Amazon got tap in.


Everybody Can't watch that though. Why they be having, why everybody be wearing clothes now? They be damn near like nevermind. I say that for five 20. Mm. What you talking about the Like niggas the way like clothes they damn near be like made for girls. Ah, the Uzi V swag? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They said that's fashion though bro. I ain't really, we ain't tapped, we ain't tapped in. I ain't nigga get a crop top jackets bro. Get wicked man. Be too croppy. The new crop shit is cool. Like Two croppy is funny. Nah, if it's like right at your like belt buckle them shits is cool like the oversized crop that ain't bad. Like that ain't for everybody. But when your whole belly is out, bro.


That's crazy bro. Yeah, niggas wearing Ezekiel Elliot off the field is crazy. Humor on the field is nasty but off the field is is wicked. Having zippers on your backside is nuts, bro. Yeah, definitely. Don't you only supposed to zip the hose up, bro. That's crazy. Tip 'em down, down up couple games a night. Could you, You know what's so crazy though? I go go Crazy king. Yeah, let me, let me get in the kitchen because that's a, that's a great take Jeff because who the fuck is, who are you asking to zip you up? Who are you asking to zip you up? You got this back out shirt. The the only shirt that I really truly hate, I hate those but the niggas that wear the shirts, you can see everything.


It's like a SeeThrough shirt You see through With all the holes in it that's out of pocket. Nigga Wear skin is crazy. That's the, I hate my mind. You wanna kill my dad The long sleeve? Nah, that's crazy. Yeah, the sheer church for dudes is out of pocket man. But that's fashion ain't tapped in.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


What does KISQALI mean for Lisa who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause long problems or an abnormal heartbeat, which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com For more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ES ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Rick Young, That's y'all know Rick Owen. Nevermind. See I met Rick Owen, Scott, Rick? No Rick, well shout out to them but Rick Owens be twerking upside down on the handstand so we don't give a fuck what brand that is. Rick. Rick Owen definitely gonna left. He's driving left every time He clapping the heels together. I'm nothing bro. Malcolm talking about that's Rick Owen though. See that's the problem y'all think y'all niggas wearing somebody clothes and names and not even embracing the real culture. It's always funny when you see like newer people get around like designer stuff who's like niggas of the hood like I got the Ricks on for Boy you don't know. Dunno what you don't Know. I think all fashion designers you know are, you know different than what we are.


But some shit just be out of pocket. Like the Rick Owen shoes them is fire to me. Yeah they Make a lot of dope shit. But some of that stuff is like be careful. Yeah but I think like when you go like with the half shirts and shit, he was really trying to, he trying to dress his man. Yeah that ain't, that ain't ain Dress. He was see what he see. Yeah. Yeah he trying to see his man walk down that runway at, you know what I mean? Fashion week. So respect to Wicked. I mean Rick, what's They call that tunnel fit? Shout out to Tunnel Fit. Oh yeah Z you better not never. Yeah we gonna have to call you Z. See Tunnel. Yeah we gonna call the trenches a little something different man. Shout out to my guys though. Pistons at Celtic tonight. Seltz Like work.


Yeah I'm gonna take the Seltz rappers at Heat Gonna up the heat. Yeah I got the heat. Okay. Kings at Pelicans. Zion ain't playing Probably so I'll take the P Kings. Yeah I'm gonna take the Kings. Ain't nobody on the Pelicans player get what song Bernie Ingram man. For real? For real. Patrick Gear having an ankle injury that's that's fucked up man. But he's still gonna get paid 'cause he is capable for sure. Ain't no worse than say people about to get that money, get an injury man. It don't matter how long they out was like damn that's terrible man. Get well soon. Five buckets Behead. Who was getting to it yesterday? I guess I give it to Y boy from the Rockets And Don, My boy was Skel yesterday. Special young talent man I like his game for real Baby Joker.


Yeah He all right. What you Call him now though? If he become an All star, you can't call him baby Joker. You gotta give him his own nickname baby Joker. You ain't get 50 yet? Yeah he ain't, he. I don't know You him an all star nigga. Don't call me the baby somebody else nigga. Especially a nigga that's still in the league. Yeah, I'm gonna Rob like what? That is crazy. Hey bro at school but you not joker bro. Yeah but don't call me baby Joker. Yeah, Yeah Gimme another nine bro. Party with me. Count the green or get in between, you know. Come on Holmes, let's party the real joker. Yeah That's Wow, that's Crazy man. What's we here now? We you don't want that barbecue up the streets where they get your most soft than they get your meat.


Is that a, is that a top black Christmas movie? Bring your big ass Down Brothers Barbecue. The weakest commercial Bro. That shit barbecue is he like slap your mama. Yeah he smacked the fuck outta his mama. Come here mama. Will she smell shaking? What was, what was Uncle Roy girl name which What? No, next Friday. Su Su Chad de Sugar. That Nigga mama had a black osteo. If I touched the big girl it'd be sugar on me. Come on S. Moving on. Put sugar in that swing. Come on Let's keep going man. You crazy man.


I'm gonna go to Rutgers man. Ke McMiller she been killing this year man. She dropped a 30 piece yesterday. Want people to tap in with her game man she going crazy. Women's starts basketball. Rutger Hoop definitely black. Rutgers is back. He said she definitely back. Her name is what Yo Me? She definitely black. Oh okay. Nah, but she's cold bro. She cold. I ain't remember her. Rutgers was like a top dominant school. Women's basketball. Yeah. Cap Point Dexter era. Yeah they had, they had everybody man. Yeah I remember also when they was wanting the, that's when Don Iman started Walling. Oh yeah he still, he out of pocket. Yeah bro. That's crazy. So some of the things that people got off on the radio bro. I mean I know he got off the pain for that but that was crazy. Yeah.


But yeah man, shout to her man. She getting to it for sure. Who you got Tig? I got Bill Belichick bro securing that bag five years, five year deal with the UNC football. Even though I don't like North Carolina. I'm a Wake Forest bull. But shout to him man. I heard he did it for his son. Really? Hopefully his son can take over the head coaching job once he is done with it. But getting that 20 million in NIL that's big. I I expect UNC to have some dogs coming up for soon. For sure. For sure. Man we can't be talking about burning nepotism man. Look what? Look what Bill on right now man. Yeah I wonder how he gonna adjust to like all these young athletes, you know what I mean? Recruiting going to somebody house and trying to recruit him.


That's gonna be interesting. Yeah Bill on the on the trail for recruiting is gonna be funny but I I it has to be points where he not doing all that. He might show up to a couple top ones bro. But I'm sure Bill ain't really getting out there in the streets like that. Yeah, I mean probably not. He's part of it though. He definitely gonna have to hire some some more in tune. He gonna need some more NFL motherfuckers with him. His staff arguing say his close people probably gonna be heavy college. Like you said he gonna have an elite staff bro. He have any elite he gonna need it. Yeah, especially on that recruitment because you just can't send anybody out there And you got Bill too. That's the difference. Yeah he probably at a point the thing about Bill though, he gonna have to watch out that nigga like them young hoes.


Bill might be on the campus with hey you see Bill, he was back Name that Bill a chick. But yo the cash talk you hear me? That's why he wasn't co Okay Bill. Yeah. You know well he is doing like 25 ain't he said you about to get replaced now. Shit he just trying to get on that life insurance policy. That nigga Bill ain't doing nothing. That boy that boy Bill probably tearing this shit up every night. Hey know she probably happy still. Oh you got another job again? It's up. It's up nigga. Yeah Lot that in is crazy out to Them. UN Unc youngest, that's about to get locked in by Bill. Man. His son probably Age though. 21. You got a 25-year-old chick.


You wildling pop? No Hey Bro. His girl is like 25 or something like that. Nah, I believe you. I'm just saying that just crazy bro. Stop Hating son. I ain't with your mama no more without doing none of your business Damn to tell me you not with I might hit you bro. Don't put don't don't put my mama in this bro. I might swing. I'm your daddy. You not gonna question me about who I'm hooping though Bro. Don don't put my mama bro. Yeah his girl. This is always his girl being younger than she. 24. Naughty. What the fuck? Naughty Christmas gift is crazy. That's a sick ass. I freak warrant That to Bill man. Motherfucker Bill shooting the grist to the ceiling in that motherfucker. Boy. He probably have time All, fuck it Bill about to get these things in the playoff next year, bro. We ain't even know. Two year full. Look at that. He's in the bar with them.


Man. Who's crazy to hear about? Urban Meyer, Irv Meyer. Irv Irving's Wild. He was in the bar. His bar Irving can come to the section. Irving got a seat in the section for sure. Hey man, you see Chaney talking about him. He was just like, man, Irving was full of shit in that documentary talking about his, his heart, heart hurt. He was like, nah, he lost all the them recruits. He said, nigga, get a new location. He said his heart hurt. I said, that's crazy bro. He a legendary for you To figure a medical injury quote unquote like that. Just to get outta your contract is fired. Hey man. Niggas do it all the time bro. That nigga's crazy. Do I'll say that heart just fine man. Shout to Irv Meyer. Alright man. Listen, last one of the week, be here. Give us soon, we need some encouragement this Thursday morning.


Probably that boy Easton shout out to the team T. Team T product Trace Trace. Jackson Davis? Yes Sir. TJD. Yeah. Yeah. Man, tar got caught slipping yesterday and get wicked down there man. He boomed on Tarry. Okay, get a highlight in there then Trace. Hey man, he been a perfect fit for that team man. I was pissed that Patriot didn't draft him but he went to the perfect place for him to be at bro. Man. To see where he is now from when he first got him watching him at that field house, bro, that's that's crazy bro. Yeah, I remember him coming to Northwestern in sixth grade. The boy was so sad. Trace was one of the worst basketball players I ever seen, bro. Yeah, He was. He was weak. For Real. So for him to be in the NBA and thriving, the starting on the team.


Nah bro. Hard work for Real. Now that's fire man. You a legend to me already. You stamped 'cause I seen you nigga when you was legit. Yeah, I remember he was sixth grade wearing like a size 14 on My mama was Had to boy he going, he was like boy he gonna be big but had who He so sad had Because he was tripping over his feet. Was him and Dewan together at any point? Yeah, they, They had him on. That was his front court. Yeah, Front Front court was Trace Jackson, Davis and Dewan Jones. Who plays for the Cleveland Browns sir? 6, 8, 6, 9, 4 or five old Tackle. Jalen Windham was on that team. Yeah, that Was the four and five. I had a whip. Yeah. Shout out to Bill man. That 2019 T or nah, was it 2019?


I can't remember what year that was. I Can't remember. But that was a fire little squad though. Shout out to Bill for sure. Definitely was the early supporter of Trace. For sure. Man. Get well soon Kat. I know we praised you loud on this show man. You know what I'm saying? Wrong place, wrong time yesterday my boy. Who you get dunked on by my boy D Hunt. You had caught him Sliping yesterday. D Hunt caught him. Body Respect. D Hunt. Mm Grown man body too. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. I wish we could see it for real. Everybody used to. That's crazy. These niggas is wild bro. He can't say nothing. Mm D hunt and stuff. Oh the viewers can see that.


Oh well y'all upgrading the shit outta this motherfucker. You, hey, hey you're city. The damn, hey they Need a bad CDP. They had a bad city hawk On the front of the joint. Yeah, Chad y old freaky Mike and back a apology. I ain't know the clips. What's up for y'all? They said he ain't Brian no more. He going on the road with it. Damn. Brian's officially taking his first row game too.


Y'all. Yeah sir. Y'all, we didn't talk about that today. They, they putting his ass on that motherfucking tour bus hop on the c mg bus bro. That nigga taking a flight on his own. Pj he not getting on there. He not fly with the team. If you his friend, I'll see out there if you his friend, he gonna get there. Oh Lord. See look at my boy, he cashed out on them Hawks. I already seen him boy. Hey that is funny as hell man. I was about to, I see the Bandana don't do it. Don't do it. I something don't. You Don't do it. Hey my last give too man. Ohio State man. They try to pass a law to say the flag print is is the flag. Planting is like illegal in this, you know what I'm saying?


It says incite a riot or bad things behind it. Hey man, shut the hell up man. Get off that soft sheet. Yeah, go up. Take your ass off like a man. Nah, for sure. Oh, Everybody wanna do lawsuits when they lose Drake State. Oh Lord. Alright, be here. Listen man, last chance of the week man, you oh for three people trying to get some money for the weekend. What you got for 'em? Nothing.


Shout the draft Kings man. The Crown is always yours king. We got Jalen Brown. 25 points K Cunningham, 20 points. Jason Tatum will record eight plus rebounds today. Tyler Hero 25 points. Bam. We'll get 10 rebounds. RJ will get y'all light 20 and I'm taking D and Fox for 25 tonight. It's a small bet. It ain't nothing too crazy. Two 50 will win you a grand total of $8,000. We keeping it safe man. A lot of y'all been in my damn saying y'all crashed out too much so I brought it down for sure. So $250 win you a grand total of $8,000 today man. The crown is yours. Come On. Draft Kings use that promo code Club five 20 get you a little extra extra.


Listen man, we appreciate y'all man. Y'all be safe this weekend. Hopefully these hawks win. If not that jersey's going in the trash. Nah, Monday gonna, Monday gonna be lit boy. Y'all look. Tune in Club five 20. I'm telling y'all right now at 12:00 PM I just had to speak my truth about some shit man. A lot of answers. Answers that I needed. Know a lot of questions I need answers for. Shout to Cord Water. If Y ain't found Uncle Ruckus, there you go. Nah, ain't no Uncle Ruckus. I just said man. Who was the real steppers man? Who was the next that get hit with the power washers? That's Uncle Ruckus. Just, just type into the podcast please to the pod man. Check out on directions. The real world history lesson. Look at it. Talk about move on. Freaky Mike. That's a fact. I'm gonna have somebody caught that.


That's all he ever fucking say. He said that again at our D Rose interview. We stood there. My oh damn. North Carolina. Come on, Look. Hick shout to Jesus on everything. Jesus Aguilar. He a Mexican or out of pocket one Two. Damn. Do bill a trick on me. It's a fact. Alright man, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back on Monday. Y finally got the video right. Five 20 in the Morning. We out All Jed. I'm on your ass. Who's her dad? Oh, I today's calling me Jet. Like what the fuck? The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC


Was good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's golf.


Hi, I'm Jordan, and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs, but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.