
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us joining with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow The Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you listen The Volume.


Good morning, happy Monday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left bishop. He to my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening? What up though? Listen man, lot of lot of sports man. Great. Great weekend in sports man. It's the only right, we get straight to it for sure. We gonna start at the guard, you know what I'm saying? The Knicks beat the sleeves off the bucks yesterday one 40 to 1 0 6. Jalen Bruss went crazy yesterday. He had 44 6. Kat was killing two. He had 30 and 18. Giannis had 24 13 and Dame had 22. But man, this the best dude on the league, man. I know we go back and forth with this conversation every single week.


But when they started to put numbers up like this, it's time man. It's time. We acknowledge it bro. I mean shout to them, that was a good dub. You know what I'm saying? I just, I'm waiting for the seven game Serious. That was a good win for the Knick though. Okay. They been kicking ass this year. You just gonna, you just gonna say this is just another rank twos game. Okay. Yeah. It don't make me feel like, oh my God. Yeah, you gotta stamp them as the best duo in the league. It is what it is. Good for sure, For sure man. Jalen Breon, Todd Melo for most 40 point games. Nick History, is he already a Nick's legend? Yeah, we was just talking about it before the show started. Yeah, he had Nick's legend now he probably the best player since Melo Kat making an argument about it, you know, this year with Kat being who he being scoring how he is, scoring playing, how he playing.


He's definitely snapping his legacy up there with New York. But Jalen Brunson man, he the go-to guy, Nick's legend. So I would say he a superstar now doing what he is doing in New York. Yeah, he's most definitely a superstar. Most definitely. And one thing that's dope about Jaylen Bruss, I know we, we criticize him about him taking the extension for the team early on or whatever the money, the money left on the table. Well so far that's able for them to afford cats. So listen, Jaylen Bru should definitely be loved by New Yorkers since he did Josh Solid not getting all that bread. But it allows y'all to have a hell of a team if they got put together right now. Man they beat the sleeves off the bucks yesterday. Yeah, I think they the best doer. I I just like Jalen Brunson, I gotta see him in the playoffs.


Hopefully, like I said it is an injury thing. If they could make it to the playoffs healthy, that's a real, real special team they got. They can possibly, you know, win the east but for some reason I don't think they gonna be healthy going to the playoffs. I don't wish that on nobody. But they play a lot of minutes man. Most definitely. Hey listen, if at all ends today, KAF Cema NBA for sure. Yeah that's the landslide. Him and Jaylen. Nah, I asked y'all this question because you, you on the front court, they be kind of weird sometimes. So you taking Kat and Yolk or are you taking Kat or Yo Kish? 'cause then you gotta think about where Giannis would be in that situation. Think where Jason Tatu would be in that situation. Yo Is always though. Yeah, but it's what I'm I'm saying all NBA All NBA all they both should make First team on NBA.


Damn. They probably won't though. They'll probably be GNI and Yoic but Kata make second team. That's crazy. He deserve first team on NBA but he is gonna make second team. Yeah because if you look at the forwards, like you said in the east with the people we just mentioned, you don't know how things could go in that situation and you look at that. I Don't know man I that's what I be saying. I don't know how this shit go. Does it go off the team record and how good the player's playing or is it just straight off the player? Like Both. All the above Sometimes but all. So It's a poss as well. But Yoic is they right there too. I'm saying Yoic and Kat should be Pour honest right there too. That's the problem is gonna be, you gonna have to have Jason Tatum in the RNBA 'cause he's gonna have the stats and they gonna have the record as well. Do you gotta pick between Jason Tatum and Giannis in that situation or do you just say Giannis the second team?


I mean Gianni, Gianni is, Giannis is okay being on the second team. I mean none of them care. I mean they care but if you all NBA for contract purposes, all you gotta do is make all NBA. Yeah whatever you get. I don't think they fucked up about it. They All wanna be all NBA but I think Jason won first team more than anybody though. Put a lot of smut on my nigga name, you know. Yeah, yeah that would be crazy if if after what happened with the Olympics, if he come out here and kill average 26, 27 and he gets second team on NBA bro, that's yeah that's gonna be a hell of a slight. Jason been having a battle a lot, a lot of shit this year man. Yeah we never talked about that. When they say he was a soft self took ever. Oh yeah, Brandon, Jen is crazy.


Shout out to bj. Yeah. Yeah BJ our guy too but you out pocket. Yeah you out of pocket bro. For him To put that as a caption on the ig. I say ah yeah message we We gotta stand on shit about Jay. You know I text him say yeah nigga you soft ET. Yeah you soft St. Louis soft kid. All right now Tki, Y'all about to turn that nigga to a lunatic for real. Y bet chill out. I don't understand it though. I don't get it. I never understood it. I like the Way interviewed Hella Top. I think it's 'cause the way he carry himself, he's kind of like, you know he chill. He ain't even in the media. He do his commercials and stuff but he just be chilling like Celtics that we know from the past, like Larry Bird talked a bunch of shit Cash, shit.


Paul Pierce talked a bunch of shit kg talk a bunch of shit. And then he the next superstar and he just kind of chill. He don't do that. He don't talk shit. He just play, just do his job kill and go home. So what you expect from the Celtics is the shit talking? Yeah, Rondo talk shit. All of them was aggressive talking shit type players. I get that bro. But you know we don't use the best words on our show either sometimes. But Yeah When you say like Jason is from that for real, so when you call a nigga soft like that it kind of hit him different. Nah what I saying Nah, nah, I'm a hundred percent for sure I'm with y'all like nah I I don't think that, I don't think he soft at all.


I just, Yeah That shit hit. That's kind shit you would fuck around you sitting there on the street with like Yeah like damn bro what time you on? Like yeah because I'm like damn he killing bro. What you like if you just wanted to talk shit, just say I think you know what I mean? He should be be more aggressive. That's I think he should have said he is the most polite so together except polite. Yeah like he the cool like he the coolest. So together If y'all was born I'm like damn the soft is bro. Well that's a hell of A break and I mean you know LA lingo different than our lingo out here so maybe it's different. Nah, Think that's pretty univers. I think soft. I'm about say soft is definitely universal. You know people misuse our words all the time. They do but if you gonna say softer idiot hood, they gonna show you. But that word me, I don't think he soft as the word he was looking for.


Yeah but the irony to it is that if he was be a rah rah we would be complaining that he's not being himself because that's not what he's displayed for. So it's like what do y'all want him to do? Y'all want him to be himself and chill or y'all just want him to be extra, keep doing his thing. Keep killing bro. Yeah Keep killing Bro. And if you know him, you know like Yeah, yeah, yeah. And nigga Low key asshole. Yeah He really, really a dick. Paul really a asshole. He the shit he wanna say to y'all. He really just say it to me like so. Nah for sure Shit. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah he, he just be chilling bro. If he, If I can honestly say if he didn't care about his brand, oh that nigga loves his brand.


Nothing is altering the brand nothing a hundred percent it'll probably be ugly a lot of shit 'cause he is real disrespectful. So BJ better be glad the shit shit is bowed right now. Yeah a hundred percent. He's crazy. He got a lot of endorsements bro. But if he, He playing with a lot of chicken bro. Yeah He, he chilling. Ill just say I just hope that at some point in time we get a Gils Arena JT episode man. Nah That be Dope ain't getting that. That was gonna say you cancel that for sure man. Shout out to all parties involved man. And let's talk about a real game yesterday the Pacers beat the shit out the Cleveland Cavaliers yesterday. One on eight to 93 ate out on the board. I adlib it Tyrese get well some my boy you know the hamstring get tricky like that take a couple weeks out hamstring.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He Didn't talk lot. They ain't talking like Luther Vandross today. Nah, I had a good joint this morning. I had that Cleveland pack in my butt this morning. It was magnificent. Tyrese again didn't play the second half. Nihar went crazy yesterday in the second half 19. See Yaka had 18. Darius Garland was hooping yesterday. He had 20 Donvan Mitchell had to slow night yesterday. This score in the first quarter he had 19. But that's 'cause we locked shit up yesterday, you know what I'm saying? Patience six wheel street. Yeah I don't know what your hawks is doing right now but we sitting up, I think we top five. Oh yeah we right there at five. Where the Hawk's at? Oh Nah Damn. Go crazy clean. We Whooping shit right now. 1919. Y'all just lost y'all best player E We cool now we straight Tyree, you know what I'm saying?


Take a couple weeks out, we got NIMBY back, you know what I'm saying? He hold it down. We cool Aaron E. Smith on the way back this week too. Alright we cool? Hey Jalen Johnson if you wanna come to a real team, pull up bro. We got the picture tray for you guys. Ain't no ho out here. It ain't no Nigga. He just went to Sunset Cell yesterday. He said it was dry the bone Nigga He said it bone. He said he got chicken left. Never get chicken to leave. Imagine even Lou got covid shit. Shout to Jack Harlow, He never just Get the wings and leave. Oh man shout to the letter. Well these nigga are telling you in a a heartbeat boy motherfucker probably didn't even know nigga slid so shit he Did literally he got some chicken and left to go.


Hey man that was a crazy game yesterday. Honestly the Cav shot terribly from the three yesterday. I don't think they'll shoot that bad again but we played for defense but shit got wicked yesterday. Shout to the patience with whooping ass who played him again on Tuesday. But I wanted to ask you, I know you feel you know strongly about Edge and M Hart, you think he's a starting pg? Yeah he could be but I like him coming off the bench and bringing that energy. He's a great defender capable scorer. We know what he did last year in the playoffs. I'm a fan of his game but the defensive side of the ball is what makes him special. Most definitely. He's probably our definitely best perimeter defender. Him and Aaron E. Smith. But yesterday I mean now it's another opportunity for him to step up. He plays well when he's the primary ball handler.


Yeah like last year. So hopefully he comes out and plays and keep y'all on your little high streak. Y'all not little, don't disrespect his game. You know how people do. Yeah the little podcast, little podcast. It's crazy 'cause him being a primary ball header, he really don't have pass though. He be having moments I'd be like dang bro he is more vc. He can pass though. Yeah he can make plays. He's a play maker. But like you said he is not like a crazy ISO player. Nah but the way the Pacers play is good for him. You know they play fast open the court, he can drive and kick and you gotta see M and them who are kind of like point forwards Hell yeah. Who make plays and stuff and he can knock down shots so it fits him perfectly. You trying build on the game Tuesday? Tuesday? Yeah. Oh no you should caught me yesterday. We already won.


I know we ain't about to win on Tuesday. The whole point of this was just to split this one. The Cavaliers, they lost too many games this year so I'm celebrating for a reason. But they got like five, six losses. Yeah they will not lose on Tuesday to us. I see you had your whole Cleveland gear on today. Oh yeah this is, you feel me, came in the mail. Shout to Chris Respect. Yeah, 20, 33 and five. Yeah. Yeah I gonna say game. Hey that balling bro. That's crazy as shit. So I'm not expecting a Tuesday win. We definitely celebrate good as my Hawks team. Oh that's what's up. Y'all done beat them though? Yeah they was What they like? Yeah y'all done beat them though? Yeah locked that up Man. If y'all move on to the next game are You not going Man? Hell nah. Oh you taking the Cleveland team over the, over the Hawks all day.


What the fuck you talking about? I beat the shit out of them. Yeah. Craziest as fuck. Oh line 'em up. That's see come on man. Only me said he found a tempo Found only A 30 ball in my pocket. Only cashing beating us. They had LeBron Found the 30 ball so Let's line 'em up. We got TE and DG two all stars like it is like oh Light. Oh I thought y'all was talking about this hawk team for sure. 30 piece. Nah it just like Te and them That's like especially like we already played like Garland. Garland can't guard Jeff just probably too strong but all everywhere else. Donovan Mitchell. Yeah. Yeah we used to guard niggas like him. Oh we already locked in that Clam God.


Sham God Who? Alco Guard. Who they third? Isaac Carl? Yeah. Sweet. Nah Car Kyle Wash himself. Wash. Yeah right. Who? Gordon Paul Mobley. Mobley a hundred percent. That's the even matchup. Huh? Is that Al? Jared Allen? I I I love Al but well gimme stretch. You Crazy as fuck Al still hooping right now. Shit. Al put buckets in the playoffs this year. Al got Al on that Dr. Sebi diet. That's why Al still hooping right? His diet Dr. Sebi died? Nah, they got good team Al got them good vitamins with George with with the mini vest of it.


Pick and roll to death. Oh yeah that's what we did yesterday hit third quarter. Oh yeah he can roll him to death. We got George Georges can't play that game. Nah, he gotta sit for Shout out to my guy. So Kenny, I see them boys. I hear rotational player bro. Ken Berg hella burn. I Love Berg game man. You know what's crazy? I thought we was about to lose his vert turns in Kobe Bryant Every time he played us he averaged 21 against us last year. I was like yeah I knew this was about to be a watch. He out He'd be open. Yeah he is nice and shout out to he signed with Anta. With Kyrie. Yeah. Shout out to Kyrie. You know what I'm saying? The Jones And shit. That, that damn Hawks team sent three all Stars. So I guess you could send in three this year from that Cal saying He sent four.


Y'all send four. Oh don't dis. Damn y'all did because We was Bro number so it it's the same thing. Oh There there is Garland. Short to God you deserve to be an Allstar Bro. They probably do blow This shit up bro. If it ain't bro. Yeah he do Evan Mobley for sure bro. If them niggas made it bro. Y'all for sure y'all for sure should be a lot.


The NF NFL Playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NF NFL Playoffs with Draft King Sports book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah you was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen To Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named RK tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki That's sure to Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Happy holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it. And there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Here's a clip from one of my favorite episodes. You are not a real fighter. You'll never be discussed anywhere in boxing history ever fake Paul. The movie is The Apprentice and the movie is about young Donald Trump and his apprentice Roy Cohen. Real character obviously both are real characters. It kind of has a Scarface vibe to it, which I thought was very interesting. Listen to the Im rap report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app Apple podcast and wherever you get your podcast.


Damn. Damn I forgot about that. I wouldn't be mad if they made it. Yeah, yeah they all start gonna be boring as hell though. Yeah, yeah I was gonna say yeah at least we was lit. Come on dude. What we got? What we Got? Like know the other crowd was excited to see Paul Milsap. No don't dis don't, don't disrespect Paul and We love Paul. No but I'm saying like no what I mean we was lit because like you gotta think the Cavs, they ain't seen LeBron and them like they ain't had years. They go to the finals. What, nine years in a row? Five years in a row. Cal's been lit before Atlanta never was lit besides Dominique had been two years. That's true. That is true. That's true. So it was lit like the fucking hawks. What the they winning shit.


Nobody expected shit like that. So they went like 18 in a row and shit. They was like the Hawks with these niggas. Ain't nobody on here really cold. Cold. Like they all just cool. Nah I feel like y'all was cold. Cold bro. I just felt like y'all was out of pocket the league. David Stern should have, should have blocked that bro. He wasn't even the commissioner bro. What was He supposed to block that they went That veto what he did to Chris Ball and the Lakers. He should did that with Jeff Te Allstar bro. It it, it messed everybody up. They couldn't Believe Al hell of a Allstar but you Paul bro it really should have been a lock bro. That really should have been it bro. Nah, send all four bro. We love Al. You still hooping bro. Bro I'm Al I should've made it.


Paul shoulda man I should have made Kyle got in 'cause somebody got hurt. It's so many other teams out East Jets. You're telling me another nigga. Nigga It was whooping shit bro. Y'all was bro it's not another nigga out east bro. That didn't make it. I ain't Seen 'em that year. I ain't seen Come on man. Got spooky shout to the hogs man. Shout to my patience. Get that dub, you know what time it is. Jason Tatum yesterday went crazy. He had 38, they barely got by the Pelicans yesterday. 1 21 19 again. 38 and 11 for jt. Ziga had 1911. Deontay Murray was killing. He had 26 and nine. Zion had 16 and then T Murph had 30 N six yesterday. Mm. Cel six are a six and five in the last 11 games.


Anything you'd be concerned about? I mean I know they got the one point victory over the Pelicans yesterday but I mean that Pelican's a different team with Zion Tre with all the guys. CJ played Deonte, they a different team. Like we know that's a better team than what they record shows the guys healthy. Most definitely. But the Celtics, I think they're just having an up and down moment. I think they probably getting bored with the game a little bit. Yeah. You know what I mean? They trying new lineups, trying new play. Yeah they just kind of getting bored with the game. After all-Star Break they turn it back up and we'll see the team that we gonna see in the playoffs going forward. But right now they just trying to make it to Allstar break. Most definitely. Like you said, they just ready to get to the playoffs bro. They, they know what time it is. This is just boring to 'em anyway.


Shout, design, you know what I'm saying? Return after one game suspension. They suspension, he kept being late for the team flights amongst other things. How y'all feel about that bro? He was outta pocket bro. That just don't The picture, the picture of that that boy sent, this is what got him caught. It was in that Wendy's line. That was a no it wasn't. That was, you Know that was Why they playing with him like eating Wendy's. That nigga gonna eat Wendy. They said that's why he like stupid all somebody we caught him the dead Connie episode.


Somebody delete y'all see what kind of car they got him in. Delete that page bro. I knew is that was his old ass. Hey man I was crying man. I love Chantel Man. Y'all are the best Man. There's no ways I have that vehicle bro. Y'all delete that page bro. Z though bro. He did his thing yesterday. Yeah that's, that's hilarious man. Oh Man. That's the best shit in the world man. Yes. Alright. Yes he is most definitely done in New Orleans. He, he goes go somewhere else and play just mine next you He's the slow as hell The super chat Ask if Zion is done in New Orleans man.


Yes, I think we all agree that it's time for him to get out of there but he's so special when he plays for us but like we don't know. Shout to John Fox Wherever he go he going to kill. Yeah I was gonna say Senator Dallas A hundred percent Shout out to John Foster though. Good question. Free freaky Z Man. For sure. Westbrook Yoic went crazy yesterday, came back with a victory over the match yesterday won 12 to 1 0 1. Yoic had 1918 and nine. Russell Westbrook was killing yesterday. He had 21 and 10 and seven. Clay was hooping yesterday. He had 25 especially did when he had 16 and 10. Westbrook has been killing. But before we talk about that, I wanted to give you your credit. You know what I'm saying? Aaron Gordon returned last night and one thing you suggested was, you know what I'm saying, good coach Michael Malone was gonna make that decision if they were still rocking So you know what I'm saying?


Slow him back into the lineup. He came off the bench yesterday. I mean they been playing well with Westbrook and the Star lineup and I told you he really turns into the point forward for them 'cause he kind of play like Aaron Gordon at six three but he is also a point guard and it loosens up ball handling duties for Jamal Murray who's really a two guard. But now people are starting to say he is a yoic in Westbrook is the dynamic duo in Denver. 'cause the way he's been playing lately. Yeah it's starting to look like that. Like the stats that they putting up, they both damn near getting triple doubles every night. I Know he is on the well out There. Yeah they starting to hoop and I think Westbrook's starting to get his foot under him looking like the player that we once fell in love with back in the day, you know the Lakers, that little stint with them kind of messed him up.


Well in people's eyes we know what kind of player he was but we starting to see it again. He playing winning basketball most definitely. It's crazy this well Russell Westbrook is 36 years old bro. Yeah you're 16, 17 for him to still be killed like this. Like you said after having him years of Smle his name where people thought he was done bro it's great to see him killed like this. Yeah, it's a hell of a team too man. If when Jamal Murray is activated like you said playing off the ball like this it is, they're a different team for sure to have him for the minimum or whatever he is on right now. I know he is on still nigga and he like hooping like he playing me a starter making what, three or 4 million? Shout to Westbrook man. He, he definitely earning his money. He definitely gonna give a higher payday next year for sure. Yeah I know we talk about this wiki as well but you know what I'm saying.


Barring no moose of this team be fights this still dangerous team the way they're playing right now than figure something out. Yeah it out now you got Aaron Gordon coming off the bench. Yeah that that's a d It is a different team now cheat bro. Yeah they a different team and they might be a team to be reckoning with in the west. For real though. Most definitely. Yeah, I looked at the stat and I meant to bring yourself with the Pacers Nihart. I looked at the net ratings as far as like owner off the court number one yolks too, which Andrew Nihart. Which I thought was crazy but when Yoko is on that court, like you said light night in the office for him 1918 to nine like that's crazy. They're a dangerous team. I don't think too many teams really wanna see them. Nah. In a, in a seven game series. For sure. Not when you got the best player in the world straight up. That's a tough thing to deal with for sure.


Whoa. The Kings Kings and the Pace was undefeated in 2025. They got the win over the bulls yesterday. Deon Fox had 26 N nine, Saboni had 22 and 15. Zach Levine were crazy in the loss so he had 36 and 10. You think I the kings make some noise out west man you think that can make the playoffs? I mean like the beam I guess they back, you know the coaching change I guess hey it looked like it was Mike Brown. That Shouldn't matter When you got, when your guys believe that you believe in them, they play differently. Just being a coach and trying to learn the ways in my second year, you gotta start you know, speaking belief into the guys and treating 'em a little different. I think that's what Doug Christie is doing instead of talking down to him or making him feel a way, he's like lifting him up now everybody believe in playing at high levels and you can tell that they really rock with him.


You sound like Jimmy Butler on their Instagram post when he was helping the kid with the coffee and he was just like, see this is what good bosses do. They pour into their, their employees not break them down. Nah, that's a fact man. And that's some stuff I had to learn and you know still growing as a coach you gotta learn that kind of stuff. So seeing somebody like Doug Christie who came was a former player and you know you kind of tough on people 'cause you want to do how you know man you so good I would've did it like this. Why you can't do it 'cause everybody not you, you know what I mean? So him to pour into his guys and just letting them be themselves and see how they're responding. Getting wins, playing well, playing at a high level. It might be his job for the future for sure. It's Just easier I feel like playing with a player coach who's relatable to you. That probably, that's probably all it was bro.


For real, for real. Because I think Mike Brown is a good coach. Yeah he Is turned thing around. He don't, he just didn't fit that organization for real. So I was gonna say, I, I had some sources reach out to me last week regard the situation. I don't necessarily think that was a player's thing. I think yeah as you can tell about the, the response from the coaches when it happened, how everybody was just openly speaking about oh that's fucked up, how that happened. Yeah that wasn't a player's thing. I think over time it became that. But it didn't start off as a player situation at all. No it never start off like that. It is like he probably, he probably had some questions for the higher ups and probably disagree with the higher ups about some things and then you know not to be like that but the higher ups, they pay everybody so they'll come talk to the star player, they'll come talk to people and just like do you like how this is going do you like And it could be one thing.


Yeah. You know the player could have been like, I mean it's cool. It might not be the response they looking for, you know what I mean? Right. If you just be like he cool like yeah it's all right. Yeah. Or have multiple conversations with that person but like you sure you don't like anything so they get something that wrong with it. Yeah. Cool. Now you got Dion Fox on Twitter? Explain like no I didn't say none of that shit. Yeah it is just like he cool like I ain't tripping Then that one incident with him and Dion Fox going back and forth a little bit or whatever it is or he kind of played d Aaron Fox in the interview. They like look I know it. Yeah They just needed something to bite the play. He Did something terrible. Yeah but he a great coach. I mean yeah. Hell yeah. He don't keep getting hired for no reason. Right. You know what I mean? Nah, Mike Bros has, and again the reason I was lightning that motherfucker being was because he pulled up.


Yeah He was outta pocket for running down the sideline like that though. Talking about the drill. He definitely turned, he turned that whole thing around. But for sure man, shout to the Kings man. Keep getting them dos free. Zach Levine by the way too, some more games took place last night that Magic took care of the 76 ERs yesterday. Maxie had 29, PG had 25 and 10. Your boy called Anthony win us yesterday that he had 27 and P five had to dub in eight rebounds yesterday. Man How the fuck do they keep winning bro? Because they they that shit Crazy Bro. But once again, when you pour into your players and they believe shit, I think that whole roster believe they could win anytime they on the court.


That shit is crazy bro. They keep losing niggas bro. It's another person got hurt but Cory Joseph played 16 minutes yesterday and that's no disrespect to Cory Joseph 'cause he keep a job but Jamal don't matter who pull up, you gonna produce his team. Yeah he gonna produce and he believed, he believed in all them like I ain't gonna lie with a love play for him. Yeah. Yeah. And just to see him when he was assistant coach and he used to work dudes out before the game like he used to work Luca and them guys out and then when he was in Denver when I first got in the league, everybody loved him. Yeah. Like everybody wanted to work out with him even before the game he'd be in a full sweat guard. Dudes like so I know what kind of head coach he is. People probably love playing for him. Like you said Corey, Joseph ain't played all year. He come and play 16 minutes. Come on bro. Like you hooing the magic bro.


Eric you got a chance for So you got a chance. Shit is wild bro. You got a chance. I ain't seen nothing like that bro. Man really lose his whole roster and still rock out like nah respect. That's dope man. That's why I think for real I know it'd be like the best record in the league bro. He damn near coach of the year bro. For sure. Sorry bro. If, if Kenny Sison wasn't 33 and five he would be coach of the year. Yeah So no Brand but it's hard to They're over 500 bro. Yeah Comfortably fourth in that fourth in the league. Well in that conference man. And they have lost their stars for at least 20 games. Kenny get your shit off bro. I feel you bro. Get shit Like be 33 and five. I know bro. Well I'm just saying bro. If we was healthy bro, you know how good the magic could be bro. If they was fully healthy bro. Yeah if You just going off this season alone with them missing Franz NP for the games that they was out even though they was winning a lot of 'em games still and They key bro a Caldwell po they're probably top three.


Yeah bro. Yeah Gogo, I'm not saying they better than them. Gary Harris was balling either Of the three of them top teams but damn bro like I don't know. I mean they, the season shows bro the proof is in the pudding man injuries they still win. That's crazy. Nah they n then P five being back now he was on his way to being all first team on NBA right before he got hurt. Yeah but to have him back and he balling his first game, he go for 30 back and now he go for another 20 piece. He a cold. He Hooper bro. He cold. He one of my favorite players in the league. Yeah, tyres Max was balling yesterday. We had 25 and ten's a hell of a game for PG just wasn't enough. But Joe NB being on the sidelines, it is, it's becoming, I mean normal at this point we don't even expect him to hoop bro.


Who's worse? Him or Qua oh B. Who y'all think more likely to play MB or Qua? Oh Joel You think so? More likely to play I I'll take kw. Aw bro. Joelle. Joelle, he's probably played last three or four years. Probably played more games than Qua Leonard. Yeah he definitely, oh yeah, because of for sure You think I'm saying after the Allstar break, who plays kw Leonard or Joel Beat? I'll Say Kaw and that's crazy to even take Kauai. But this year I take Ka, I don't even know why Kauai out though. Why he out Now? His family? Yeah he still, the house Was just smooth though. I don't know what's going on with that bill up.


I'm just saying bro Look what the six are at Joel Beach should be playing after the fucking, the Allstar break. Yeah I think he gonna sit out the rest of the year. It don't make a difference. No way bro. Just get healthy bro. Get that pig Yeah shit out. Yeah. Ace Bailey turn back up next year bro. My fought Cooper flag too Nigga birth certificate bro. Why everybody keep breaking me like Cooper flag. Cooper flag Shout out to the guys man. He Only, I mean he had 42, he made some shout. Nobody said he was sad. Yeah he never said that. We'll save Vincent to end the show. We Ain't, we fuck his dms. Don't spare that Nick. Don't I? I didn't say no Nick get what you deserve. I Ain't never said was get what you I just The you made That shit the way he was scoring was still energy.


Like he was playing hard. What do you need? Look he just made, he made some open three I To get him though, you know what I mean? What's about do later? Show, show let's move on Right here. He just made, he just hit his open threes. No don't worry. We'll talk about Cooper. Good job man. The Thunder beat the sleeves off the witch yesterday. 1 36 and 95. I'm bunch to talk about there. SGA had 27. It was light work at the office for sure. The jazz beat the next yesterday in OT. One 12 to one 11. Isaiah Colley went crazy yesterday. 23, 7 to seven almost smoked at the end of the fourth with that eight seconds call him and Colin s Sex and got into it. But listen, they got that dub in OT for show. Yeah. Shout to the young boy man. Rookie for sure get his chance to shine man. For sure.


Seven games. He probably been averaging like seven to 86. Man, let him lead the pack man. Show, get an opportunity to play. Did y'all see Legend de Best Simmons score? He was like, you know what I'm saying? It's not about what Mans won upstairs. We gotta get out there and win these games. Yeah, y'all see Ben Simmons airball at the free throw line. I ain't no Ben Ben Simmons still playing for Yeah bro. Thought he would've set up Fucking Shot was going there bro. I said fuck it. I'm gonna pull this ho I motherfucker went to the camera man. Hey they said if he gets bought out this year, they was like he should go to the Nuggets and start playing basketball for real again. Aw man. Go to C Charlotte bro. Be Back up here for the Nuggets bro. Go to Charlotte bro. Come kick it. No, do not say Vincent, come To the game. We taking everybody Zion ad Ben, come rock out with the squad bro.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, you was like, do I send the heart now? Because I, I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason de me, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding world of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts perky. That's sort of Kaa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts and you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Happy holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it. And there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Here's a clip from one of my favorite episodes. You are not a real fighter. You'll never be discussed anywhere in boxing history ever fake Paul. The movie is The Apprentice and the movie is about young Donald Trump and his apprentice Roy Cohen. Real character, obviously both real characters. It kind of has a Scarface vibe to it, which I thought was very interesting. Listen to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app Apple Podcast and wherever you get your podcast.


Podcast. Speaking of the sus, I mean a hoard, excuse me, they got beat yesterday by the sus. 1 21 13 D book had 30 yesterday. KD had 27 Lalo Ball had 25 11 miles. Bridges had 21 The Game. Not Raven about there. Simple. The Ners play Nurk still On the bench. Yeah, I know he's not, he was outta the rotation. Yeah I know he's outta the rotation but I know he played but I don't know about started Trade Nerc. Yeah, who want, yeah. Come get It. Yeah, let's move on From him. Yeah bro, you we don't need that type of energy in our roster bro. We already got going through enough. You out here getting to get bro, Get Nurk Out here. Yeah, get outta here bro. Funny as it. Yeah.


Pack of cigarettes in the second round. Pick, get the job done. Couple games tonight. We wanna see how y'all feel. T Wolves at Wizards Wolves. Most definitely. Pistons at Nicks Makers. I got the Pistons. Okay, I'm gonna ride with the Pistons Warriors at Raptors. Warriors. Most definitely. The Warriors. Spurs at Lakers. Mm Lakers Wim gonna get 30 tonight though. Oh yeah. Likers. I'm gonna go sparse with hell of it. And then Heat at Clippers. I'm go with the heat clippers. I'm gonna take the Rockets over the Grizzlies too. Mm Yeah. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the Grizzlies Ja plan. I'm gonna take the Grizzlies.


Hey yo gonna say Ja and the lineup, it's always a do for show. A couple football games took place this weekend. Texas beat the sleeves off the Chargers yesterday. 32 to 12. The Ravens beat the Steelers Saturday night 28 to 14 Bills beat the Broncos. 31 to seven Eagles beat the Packers 22 to 10 and the commanders beat the Buccaneers 23 to 20. Yeah, I I wanted to ask y'all a question about the Commanders and the The Bucks. Yes sir. You know the game came down to the wire came to a field goal. I was watching the game. What's more pressure down? One. You got two free throws with no time on the clock or a tie ball game. 2020 like the commanders in Bucks.


You gotta kick the win field goal. What you think is more pressure? Where's the field go at 30 40? Der I he damn missed that motherfucker on the 20. Yeah that is true. The nervous you Got, you gotta set a 'cause. What's the weather like? What's the Nah, just like it was last night for them. I guess it was cold Shit matter. I don't know bro. He banked it in I'm field go. A bank field goal is crazy. He Did? Yeah. As long as you hit shit. I But you think more pressure you got two free throws down one Because you make one going OT though. Yeah. So The field Go, I'm going field go. Yeah more pressure on the field go. But you, you only do one thing.


Yeah. That your only job is a kick field goal. You end a professional athlete. All you do is kick field goal. When you got fouled on a free throw you coulda had 25 rebounds, 30 points, anything You did play the whole game bro. If I'm a porn star bro, my only job is to crack bro. So I might have an off night bro. Nah but's lot of pressure bro. When you're a professional you can't have an off night. I can though bro. That's why they gonna remix the video to look like I got killed. Nah, but I'm saying is it's Gonna look like I had 30 or 12. The only, the only job is to kick a field go. The only thing you practice all day. I think it is. I think doing this is a lot harder than what we make. I'm not saying it's not hard but think about when you play a basketball game you do a lot more shit in the game.


So if you miss a free throw it's like damn it is a possibility you could miss a free throw. It's a possibility you could miss a kick but your only job is to kick. You only gotta do shit elses. All you gotta do is be great at kicking. I might have had 35 points. I could have been killing a whole game. I just got fouled. What's some more, I think it's harder To shoot a free throw than a kick a field go bro. Yeah bro. I don't know bro. Hell no bro. If You out in like that Mike Van Jack situation bro, where you gotta hit a 40, 50 yarder ball and if you miss it's over. At least if you hit one of free throws, you go to ot, you can get out the look Saying sacrifice They OT too. 23, 28 1 by three. Yeah, that's, I don't know man it feel so suspicious but you got one job like I agree.


I'm very, I nigga this is what you do for a living. You need to make this feel good man. That's all you do. I ain't rolling y'all nigga. Practice ain't easy though bro. I ain't saying it's Easy. He ain't saying it's easy. Not saying it easy. I'm saying y'all professional. I'm not rolling with that though bro. Bro you gotta Hit. Yeah you gotta hit it. So You In the placeholder. All y'all do all day is y'all don't take no hits, y'all don't do shit else. Yeah, yeah. And don't let you be on the road bro. You getting yelled at 40. Listen you kick 40 yarder in the win. Like think about in the game nigga if you should kill O'Neil, you done had 35, you done got fouled all night. You tired, you didn't play bow band but you said you didn't play defense, all that shit. But you're talking about the worst free throw shooter ever.


Give me a give put clay at the line. I'm just saying, I'm saying it's harder because alright let's say you down one, you got two, let's say you down two, you got foul on a three. I say you down two and you, let's just say the same thing. Tie game. Alright let's put LeBron James at the line. Yeah. Hey down two, you gotta make both of 'em Tie game. Oh free throws. We gonna ot, I'm we gonna down listen ot, you down two and you gotta hit two free throws. You gotta foul, you gotta hit two free throws. I think that's way more pressure then if you Ain't no I don't know. Yes you really solo bro. You Really solos. That's what making you so Harder. You shoot and you a hooper Though.


But listen, alright, say you down 2020 to 17 and you need a field goal to hit it. Like you gotta hit this field goal to take it overtime or you down two and you need to hit these two free throws to take it overtime. Two go. That's easier bro. Your only job is to kick field goals Bro. Bro, it is quiet Bro. Now the circumstance, if you got, okay, if you miss it, you gotta OT regardless. Okay. It's a little bit different but if you have to tie the game. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's tough bro. I'm taking that every time. That's but you taking, So you gotta hit free bro. You gotta hit two free throws to tie the game or you gotta hit a field goal to tie the game. You're taking a field goal. I think that's easy. The reason why I say NBA is because, well basketball is because if you tired, you have more possessions and overtime to where you could affect 'em in the game. Football rules are ot, bro.


I'm pressure, fuck I'm just saying the pressures to making the two free throws or the Keep Going. So if it is, if you down too, you go to the line. Imagine that look all the pressure is on you. Like you could all, you could blame somebody. I'm listening the placeholder. The placeholder fucked up the kid. Da da. You gotta excuse everything. He held the ball wrong. It is just you up there nigga Ed. What think they gonna say, nigga y'all play basketball for all you do. That's what they say to LeBron James. Nigga Aint say that's why it's more Pressure. It's more pressure bro. That that, that that NFL stadium yell over that basketball arena. Yale is different. Nah, that shit's so that's people so high can't even An island. You on an island by yourself bro.


What you think you on the island because You just, them niggas ain't saying nothing down there. You just believing in the motherfucking oline niggas bro. You really out there looking around like if I miss this shit bro, this What you think they saying when a basketball game you down two, you gotta hit two free throws and take it overtime. And I think the locker room different. You gotta deal with more Niggas man. I think they'd be more supportive. It's, It's 57 niggas in that locker room. If you miss that film goal, you 12 of y'all, you'd be more supportive. You'll get more support bro. You see when the kickers miss everybody come tap 'em off. All of them. You see that the people they rock with. But nigga imagine, Hey Mason, get this. Imagine you in the playoffs game seven down two points. You need two free throws attend and overtime.


Bro, that's a lot of pressure and we about to get off this subject but okay, you paint that picture all right. You know finals game seven, you got hit this to win. Oh shit. Imagine you in the Super Bowl and you, you know what I'm saying? Neutral sight. You gotta kick a 35 yarder bro in the win gym. Stop for the dub. No, no I, I don't want those final three throws is crazy game nigga bro. Stop bro. Are you kidding me? So you, Wow. You see George Hill Super Bowl, you see George Hill in game one? That was game one. It was niggas down there and killed him. Everybody killed JR Smith for that. But George Hill should hit the free college.


That's all I'm saying. That was game one. They still had a chance to win the series. Nigga niggas was mad at him for life. We got a football man, but that it is crazy man. That's a hell of a conversation for sure. Notre Dame took care of Penn State. 27 24 Ohio State beat Texas 28 14 National Championship coming up soon and D Ohio State. Alright. We already know what the vibe is. We talked about this on the pod dropping today. But yeah it it's gonna be a very interesting come on national championship for short verified buckets state. Oh you said I already know you saying I was for sure bro. I told you at the beginning of the year, verified buckets, a lot of people got to it this weekend. Beat him. Who you shouting out first? Omi, Come on man. Shout up to getting suspended. You came back after two game suspension, 33 piece.


Nah, you special. I ain't, I ain't seen no girl Pat the Rock like that. What did she a a long time bro but yeah I don't know what she got in trouble for but Because she was supposed to play Juju, she different. Yeah it was supposed to be her against Juju and they messed up the vibes. Whoever that coach was. Yeah I I don't know what was going on with that Shit laying. Y'all could have let that pass And I didn't, I don't know what was going on with the father of the situation but they were just like, it's a problem when the parents are saying we no it is fucking, we like yes that's my child. So we in her best interest not mine but whatcha talking about? Yeah, she ain't kill or steal from nobody bro. Let her go. Yeah Bro, I'm, I don't know what happened. You can't do nothing though. Fuck up the team. I'm a fucking forum. I'm nothing. You nothing ain't lie. She do be shooting with three people on her though.


Alright. They gotta get killed on A better picture. Yeah she be. Yeah she just like ace. She's special though. She, her handle is retarded bro. Yeah she my lord She's different bro. She had a crazy stepback on that white woman yesterday bro. That was so ill. I'm like damn I haven't seen a girl really dribble like this since old girl from the Lynx Maya Moore. Ma Moore ain't dribble like that said Maya Moore a Step back. Maya Moore. Simon Gus has had the nastiest stepback. I thought you talking about the handles. Nah, nah, nah. Hell nah. She dribble. That's what I'm saying. I ain't never seen a girl Dribble like girl nah girl had Back, she was the little short girl Went to Tennessee Bob. Yeah he had Handles now Lno.


Nah, LRA had Scissors talking about Boy y'all do take too far. My verified fuck I Ms. Charles Cooper flag man 42 piece Saturday Spark conversation on this podcast Freshman acc record boy It is me and you. A lot of niggas in the a c you number one. Nah, shout out to Cooperman. The Real blue devil. Nah, He, he hooped. Nah for sure. He living up to everything that everybody expected though. He, he balling. Nah he's killing for sure. Who you got? T but basketball weak though. This in college though. Yeah We lead our team in every statistical category that Match.


Nah, he, he definitely cold. You don't think basketball like college basketball kind of down this year though? I, I'm a college basketball fan. I think it's at its worst these past three years. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie. It's like down I guess and I love college basketball but It's down. I ain't fucked with it. Wait. One Thing happened when we get to verify Buck my bad but I, I was watching a Tennessee game and they lost and he benched one of their better players and he was like he's not doing what he's supposed to do. He gets paid Yeah to do his job. He's not doing his job. I was like damn that's About to fuck it up The yeah that's the most realest shit I ever heard. I'm glad that you brought that up. Bomani Jones had a tweet about that. He was like even though this is the reality that it is now. He said that is crazy that your, your college coach saying this, you know you get paid for this.


You're not one we pay you to do So you got it. He He found a fix. Yeah, yeah. That that's all that was. That Is there go, That's all that was. He found a motherfucking fix. Yeah now that, that little moment is about to transpire all over the nation. Play with me if you want to nigga. Yeah because they going pull that NIL you ain't gonna be worth a Quarter. Yeah we we talk about them but them taking 'em hellcats back. Nah about to Be diminished retrain condition bro. You are playing with his chicken. For real bro. Yeah I like, I like that, That that is crazy That that was a moment I embraced. I said yeah that was I right there. Yeah it is out of pocket but it was a bar for sure. Yeah I mean shit it it is about to it's about to work though. Yeah that shit about to work bro because you can't tell me I don't give a fuck. It ain't, this ain't the NBA.


The NBA like they got to play. Yeah I gotta play my max player bro. Yeah like it is what it is in college. Nah nigga they ain't say nothing about the rules getting a little bit more chicken now so. Yeah that's dope. I like that's dope. Most definitely for sure. But my verified bucket, I don't even know who else I'm gonna just give it to Jalen Brunson 'cause having 44 leaving the game with a slight injury and coming back and still killing having 44 whatever he had in the first quarter we had 25 in the first quarter. Something like that. Yeah he was hooping. I'm gonna get my verified bucket to jb. Yeah bro. 44 is insane man. I'm gonna show some love to catch as well. He had 30 or 18 like we said probably first team our NBA definitely worthy of it for sure get well soon. We need to start to week off with some encouragement to be here. Paul George way Paolo bumped him.


It look crazy. You know he said he hate playing the five. He said he was boring. Yeah, I see why it's boring. He get real in them trenches. How big? Excuse me. Hey yeah I wouldn't wanna play the five either. Nah excuse me. That's the First time that Paul drew getting old right there like when your feet do this. Ah you getting old by 2028 outta pocket for not grabbing his hand bro. You still had a good game though. He had 25 Aaron, Y'all supposed to help your mans up. Yeah That's the first sign of age right there. I remember LeBron first of that when he first went back to LA he was like lay down, let your brother come pick you up and didn't do it the next game. He was best For sure.


I love LeBron Mike. He said some wild shit. Shout to LeBron man. My very, I mean excuse me Mike get well soon. I'm gonna reach back to last week since we know said we were in the studio. Anthony Black. Yeah it got wicked from my boy man. I know we talking about the Orlando magic playing great but it was a bad moment for him. Fuck he do. Yeah he got in the way man. Oh Anthony was? Yeah sometimes you gotta let it go bro. Yeah we had to bring that back. Yeah you were not a, you were not a shot blocker got the way. Oh my god. Yeah and he followed him. Mike pushed the shit outta him. I know nigga damn got whiplash. Watch his neck pause.


Yeah watch his, watch his neck When Mike push you though. Hey damn let run dj. Damn bro. Hell bitch. Hey that's crazy man. Get well soon Anthony. I get out to paint my boy be here. Who you got? Oh you got my fault Fatigue. Shit, everybody get healthy man. Everybody get shit. I don't know. Derrick white. Yeah lemme see that one on Derrick White. Yeah, get well soon. Derrick white too. Somebody Yeah White say getting boomed on. He do try to block a lot shot.


He one of the leaders in block though. For a guard. He got bounced though. Got light though. He do shout to Derrick White. I thought light though Boy got a bag this summer. Yeah he got light though. All he had a hell of summer. Got a ring, got a gold medal, ain't got paid. Ain't never mad at that point man. One of my favorite two white players in the league for sure. Play both ends. That's crazy. Alright be hitting Monday morning. People trying to start off with a dough. What you got for him man? Oh yeah baby. Oh Lord we, we kept it late today. Very, very light. Very light. K Cunningham 20 points. Cat 20 and 20.


Anthony Edwards. That is Stephan Curry. 20 points. Ja Marant 20, MP Z 20. Okay Victor is gonna to get $3,300 only wins you $5,000 today. That's that's doable though though. School 300 for five. Yeah I think that's doable. Yeah I might, I might play that one.


Alright shout to draftings you that promo code club five 20 get you a little bonus extra before we get outta here.


We got a question from the chat. Is the one of done hurting the NIL or the NBA more the one and done like people leaving early, it's probably hurting college more because a lot of people are going for one year and they not gonna be there. They could've just went outta high school. Yeah and they could have saved a lot of headaches. Yeah I agree because Rutgers, they getting these two kids for one year. It had a brokers lit but they're not even good. Yeah and I mean it was a waste of their time really. Nah, facts Bro. You paying all this from like AJ not about to go win a national championship at BYU next year he should be able to go to the league but because he gonna get what he's supposed to get and he's gonna hoop and then we not gonna care no more.


Nah and BYU gonna be back to normal again Unless they got some more chill. Unless you wanna just have it lit for a year like oh we just trying to get this popping for a year. People will come like Rutgers is lit, they not having a good year, nobody's gonna to Rutgers next year. Yeah, no. You know what I mean? It's back to regular schedule programming. It's not like the inspiration how it was back in that we used to see like the Fab five or the Carolinas where we like I want to go be a part of that. If you one of them top lower percentile kids, it's just like all right I'm about to go get this bread if I Go to leave some OJ Mayo, USC type shit. Yeah. Yeah Bro. But if you let these kids go to the NBA, 'cause let's be honest, they go to, they go do one year of school. It don't matter who you are. So if you are a five star kid, even if you having a good year or a bad year, most of 'em leave the good ones.


They get drafted first round or whatever they play. They either be, you know, turn to superstar stars or whatever they do and they go about their life. But then you got the other guys who leave after one year who didn't get drafted or with second round picks they end up falling off. Like I just think of a kid named Kennedy. Chandler no shot at him but he was a five star point guard. Yeah I just remember him 'cause people like man he play like you. Yeah but he went to Tennessee, went for one year, played got a second round pick and now he's a journeyman trying to figure it out. Which there's nothing wrong with it but you know he is a young guy. Yeah he probably like 23, 21 something, 22. Yeah. And he trying to figure out and all these young dudes leaving school early when you could have just let most of these good players go to the league outta high school with a like a Cooper flag.


All these dudes could have just went straight outta high school and now the guys like a Kennedy Chandler could go to school and they could be good players. Right. The pressure won't be on them. Like you know when you go one and done people tell you five star, you supposed to be one and done all these dudes like Do you believe in that? Then yo game don't really transpire. You probably really need to stand and work on your guy. I bunch Of guys Cass Ton like Cassius Stanley. Hell yeah, I remember him at Duke. Remember the LeBron Nash, The Marty Bailey league? Really? Who? Amari Bailey. Did he? Yeah. All these kids now they journey man. 'cause they was supposed to be one and done when they could have went to college and it would've been no pressure to be one and done. They could've just went and Hooped. He could've did three years at at UCLA and been straight.


It would've been a top 20 pick probably now they don't got no degree. And now they journeyman trying to figure it out and it's like they were they more than capable basketball player but they just needed more time. But since they was supposed to be one and done, they intent was to go to college and be there for one year. I'm out and they do it anyway and now they forgot about. Damn. That's true. Well said. Well said for sure man. We appreciate the questions in the chat. We'll have a day this week where y'all can ask plenty more, but we gonna get up outta here. Great episode. Dropping today at 12:00 PM. Lock in for the podcast Club five 20 and we'll be back tomorrow morning. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us joining with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts and you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow The Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.