
What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in sports world related, especially basketball. Shout out to Gatorade. I'm joining this morning by my two brothers, Bishop Anderson. My brother t fell. How y'all doing this morning? See you always talk about than me picture microphone pause. What's happening man? What I do? Shit. I say what you said. Huh? I take the label off. Yeah, take the label. That's cool. I'm just thirsty by the way. Shout to the game. You got something brewing. I love how freaking my blood pressure.


Just raise that quick In The Morning we start the show opening. You already going crazy. That's funny man. Y'all tell me I ain't know what bro. But anyway. Oh man y'all wild man. Let's start the episode off with a real Get Well Soon. Alright. On the low. A real Get Well Soon to Dallas Mavericks man. First and foremost man. Prayer is up for Kyrie man. Unfortunately we found out it was a torn ACL Damn man. Yeah, that sucks. Especially after the bounceback season. Kyrie had man All Star season playing very, very well. Man, it sucks to see Kyrie out like that man. Ah for sure. Definitely Get Well Soon. So my boy re Yeah, for sure man.


Also rumor that 80 will probably be out the rest of the season as well. Might as well. Them ass fans are sick. Come on bro. They About to go crazy. Look at my boy. Luke over there thriving. They about to go crazy. Well we got about 20 games left and if you ain't playing none of em stars, You know what time it is? No limit. Yeah. Capture the flag. Could we go to where that rank right now in the west? I think there may be a 10 possibly something like that. They don't have a shot. Oh they can lose out. They can most definitely lose out. I imagine everybody else down there is too. Yeah, they probably ain't got enough time to lose out. They do.


I mean they ain't gonna be bad as the jazz or Pelicans. But y'all gonna say could they get to the the 13th spurs at least? Yeah they definitely get the 13th. Okay. The only thing is the NBA ain't gonna let that happen. The Mavericks will not be getting the Number one pick For real. It's not. It's over. It's dead. Yeah bro Won't let that happen. They cannot get the Number one pick but's lot turnover going on. Yeah, there's no way that they gonna allow that to happen. It's deeper to rap. Yeah. All good though. Dang man that sucks man. I just want Kyrie to get healthy. I'm sorry to happen man. He was having a hell of a year for sure man. And it sucks because the timing of it as well. Super chat already asking a good question.


Prayers to Kyrie factoring his age. You think this is the end of Kyrie being Kyrie Clay was never the same after his ACL injury. Well Clay had ACL in Achilles. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't Clay get injured in college too? I think he may have got injured in college too. Yeah, for sure about that. But I know he had a ACL and a Achilles. That's two tough injuries to be trying to come back from. Kyrie done had knee injury before and he returned when he split his knee cap, something like that and he returned a C L's. Not to say it ain't bad but it's not as bad as it once was. Like people return jumping higher, better, stronger than ever. That's a fact. That's very true. That's not the worst injury you can have.


Achilles is probably tougher I would say, but hopefully returns better than ever. Most definitely it does suck because of the timing factor of the money situation. Kyrie is probably gonna get paid this off season. Yeah that that fucking sucks. Yeah. Now that paycheck probably does look a little bit different but I wonder how Dallas will play. This is Dallas. Obviously they probably not gonna offer him the max but you think they're gonna give him a good enough bag to come back? They have to. I mean you let Luca go so you have to bring Kyrie back. I mean obviously Kyrie's playing great even though he is not the reason you traded Luca. I mean he was already there but you have to bring him back. He's the only star power you got besides Anthony Davis. And if you let Kyrie walk and you lost Luca bro, you might be on, You know how they acting over there though?


Yeah. It's gonna inside they acting like they don't even care about the game or the NBA bro so Nah build this resort they they won't be able survive Dallas if that happen. And maybe that's what they want. I hear say they say we gonna get changed one way or another. Give Us this resort, The people gonna push us out. Maybe that's what they want. Maybe they want to go to Vegas so Yeah so I ain't Might be a bigger play. Yeah and if y'all piss me off I'll trade ad. We might just be super bad For Kyle Coba. We'll fuck the league up, we gonna get what we want. They gonna get outta the way. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't think they care too much but You know it's bad for the league but he did. I mean they gave away Luca bro. Anything's possible.


I really can't see what happens like post career with Nico. Like when he gets to talk about the real behind these situations on the podcast five, six years from now it's gonna be hilarious because there's probably so many things we don't know about this. 'cause all this situation's crazy. You ain't never gonna talk, you're never gonna talk about it. Nah damn no way. Get Well Soon with Dallas man Kyrie prayers up. He gonna get paid a lot of money just to shut up to blame. Yeah that's crazy. They all set out the rest of this year obviously they come back next year healthy. I mean what's the a c up six months, seven months possibly. Yeah six months. But I mean probably feeling themselves it's gonna take him probably at least close to a year. Damn. Yeah.


Better be back hooping. Yeah I mean babe being able to hoop in six or seven months but I'm sure he ain't gonna feel like hisself for a year. He not going rush as he shouldn't. Nah. Yeah as he shouldn't. That's the the kind of, if he part about Kyrie 'cause it's not about his athleticism 'cause he ain't never been a high flyer but like his game is KY jerky like that needs stability. That's a different type of comfort you gotta have especially having an injury like that. But if there's anybody we think we could bounce back it'd be Kyrie for sure man. Get Well Soon than Kyrie. We'll talk about LeBron shortly man. Let's get straight to it man. Steph put on a show yesterday in the garden took care of the Knicks yesterday one 14 to 1 0 2. We know Kat didn't play for personal reasons but Stephan crazy. 28, 9 and seven.


Jimmy Butler hooped out with 19 as well. OG showed up yesterday with 29 and Jalen Brunson had 25 and seven. Yeah OG was going crazy in the third quarter. I was watching that game. Nah, OG was hooping. Yeah. Yeah But Tibs had Brunson out too long. Mm That's a first For real. Oh man, I watch he damn near didn't play the third quarter for real. But OG that was the game plan. If you watch how the Warriors were playing them, Jimmy was helping on the rows every time OG was in the corner open for three every single time. But it's like you gotta make 'em. Yeah, yeah you gonna live with him? Yeah, he was doing his thing though. He Hooked for sure. Yeah I told you the Knicks are like one player away from always being bad.


For sure bro. Yeah because My Cal was out for the third, I'm like well maybe ts is just resting boys because I don't know, it was just weird the lineups that I was in. Yeah and we'll we'll talk about the Warriors winner game but like you said the Knicks being one player away. Kass supposed to miss his next five game road trip they got coming up at Lakers, at Clippers, at Kings, at Blazers, at Wars. Oh he missing all these allegedly. Oh damn. I hope everything cool with 'em. Yeah but if you go to look at the standards in the east right now Yeah they they better win a majority of these games and they probably won't. Yeah they're five games out from dropping down. The Knicks can play anybody though out out east though it don't even matter.


Them standards don't mean nothing. I don't think the Knicks see the Bucks I feel, I think they feel comfortable with the Pacers. I think they feel comfortable with the Pistons. I would not wanna see the Bucks if I'm the Knicks. Okay, Well everybody else is Bucks and Celtics bro. Everybody else is pretty much green. Oh you you don't think they feel the calves either? No. Yeah they not. They not beating the calves after the white calves just whoop they ass. I feel a little bit differently about that. I was there with you, You know I got a high host Four I they not gonna slip to eight though so Nah but I mean I, I would probably wanna stay in that three spot if I'm the next at least four get a little iffy but yeah Ka man I don't know what's going on but get well super for him as well. But we talk about the, with the Knicks rank in defense 19 but like they 29 when they face the top 10 offense.


So they playing really good against teams at Subpar but them top tier teams that we showed a record last week, they are not getting a job done at all. Yeah, they don't really got nobody besides Mike Kele. I mean og I guess y'all can say they known for defense but after that it gets spooky. Josh Hart he can guard but he more of a utility guy. He can make plays but he not like a lockdown defender to me. For sure he can make plays but every time you watch like Mikel Bridges is guarding Steph Ker OG is guarding Jimmy Butler. Yeah, Josh Hart. He gets the remainder of the people. I mean he can guard, not he can't but he just a real good utility guy.


Rebounder loose balls, stuff like that. He can make plays but they don't got no bonafide scores. I I mean Mike Hill Bridges can score, OG can have a night. Josh Hart's not a scorer, he can't, he can get you some layups or whatever but when ka out that's 30 points basically. Yep. And somebody gotta fill them rows and And 12 rebounds At least that's a tough role. And Mitchell Robinson is first game back too but yeah, Nah it's quiet. Him and Precious can't fill that void for sure man. I, I don't like it. Hey man, let show some love and stuff. 12 and one. The guarding his career. That's fire. Yeah that's home. Yeah, that it is my house And 1201 is a feat for sure.


Yeah that's crazy. And man Golden State at Jimmy Tray worked out for them. I know everybody was iffy on that but they just simply are losing games bro. Yeah they look like, I mean they lineup is so janky too. Like if you look at it is Jimmy at the four Moses Moody bp, he playing good too. Definitely good there for BP yesterday as well. Out one at the five. It's a, it's a weird lineup but it's working. Buddy Hill was playing, was getting ticked yesterday. Oh me buddy Hooped out yesterday whole Third quarter. Yeah and the game before that he hooped out. I think he had 22, 21. Yeah. Yeah. I would love for them just to get a big though. I don't know who they gotta get.


I mean they probably can't get nobody now look like the bigs is dried up and the waiver wire they need a big, most definitely Steph could have had 40 yesterday. Shout to death man. Yeah he was missing some shots he normally don't miss still had 28, missed a couple layups. Yeah And he was that he only played what 30 minutes? 33? Yeah. Yeah 30 most yesterday. Shout out to the Warrior man they going crazy. Not a team I would wanna see in the playoffs. So speaking of the team that's still killing the Cavs sitting their winning streak to 11 took care of the boys yesterday 1 39, 1 17 built to as situation for show Donvan Mitchell had 28 and seven.


Jerry Don Hooped out with 25 and 17 DG Hooped out with 19. Kobe White had 25 and seven. But man the Cavs, if they don't make it to the conference finals boy it's going to be a let down. For Real bro. Mm. Because they playing at a high, high level. Very high level. You got Diamond Mitchell getting player of the month. Every mob get defensive player of the month. 51 wins Bro. Allen and 25 and 17 is fire 11 game win streak is crazy. That's but they keep having crazy win streaks. They keep having crazy win streaks. They lose one. They just came off a 15 game win streak. Lost one, it bounced back with another one. Yeah I would hate to, I would hate to see them not make it to the conference finals.


That was, that was suck. That'd be one of the biggest letdowns as of late. Yeah. Recent years. Yeah But I also think depending upon who they lose to, they think that the way that people will perceive it. Nah Good shit. 'cause this you gotta play a weak team. So if Giannis go each round, if de Giannis go crazy, it gets the cash and get them out that series. Are we gonna fought the cash losing to Giannis? 'cause he a great Yes because Con Giannis ain't made it to the conference final since they went to the chip. Mm okay. They lost last year to the Pacers. See I know he ain't played but year before that he did. Yep. So Teams been beating him. I remember the, what was that Celtics beat him that year?


Yeah I they the best team in the league. Yeah bro y'all 51 and 10. We only got 21 games left. That's a let down respect. They don't make it to the response that I don't disagree they happen hell of a season boy shout out to the Cavs. They must say belt to ass situation for sure. Another belt to ass situation. You know what I'm saying? Patients took care of the Rockies yesterday. One 15 and 1 0 2. Tyrese ate went crazy yesterday 28 and 15. See y'all can hoop it out with 18 Shaa gun hooped out as well with 25 and nine. We won't smoke in the east. We're not scared of nobody. If you not the Cavs not the Celtics. We won't smoke y'all beat a team without they point guard. We beat a team to play last night and Tyree celebrating his big killer.


I was gonna let 28 15 shit off today. 28 15. Y'all beat a team. They ain't even have their point guard. That's all NBA numbers. I can't help. And You know what they redshirted the night before it gets OKC 'cause they was trying to duck smoke. They knew they was gonna lose their game. They wrestled all they starters just to come to Napa get smacked. That's what you get. All they starters ain't healthy. I don't care man. Fleet ain't play. I don't care Redly y'all not better than the Rockets bro. On both teams is healthy. Y'all not better than Rock. Realistically in the series we have smacked him. Well you crazy We'll smacked him in the series. You crazy man. Light work. It's quiet. Shout To Tyree. Tyrese might not shoot game two. They been talking crazy but Tyrese is having his Lock that shit up.


You Know what historic season of love chop the clutch points. I'll pull the article up. Talk about it. Yeah he got no turnovers or something. Come on bro. That man had 112 assist with like six turnovers. That's insane bro. That's A good Mike Conley year for sure. You hey listen. Nah I'm saying though for, for Realty Jones do that every year. Yeah Tys Jones, Mike Conley. Oh real shit. They do though. A Jones do that every year. I ain't see him in Allstar games. Shout to Tyson. I ain't see him. I ain't seen not this year. We know two time Allstar. He Was at Royal Rumble with me. Shout out thereI man. I ain't Hey why did you pull up Trey Young? Didn't nobody ask you to pull up nothing in this situation? I dunno what's wrong with Freak Mike this morning.


But nobody asked you to pull up Trey Young. I'm only hating on Tyree. 'cause Y keep saying he was coming on the show. He ain't never come. He said that Shit. I'm just telling y'all what y'all told me. Yeah my boy off the court activities prohibit him doing interviews right now. Afraid to real. I ain't mad at Tyrese. You know it's all love For sure. But no their Rockets team is really talented. They definitely miss Fred Van Fleet for sure. What can they do to fix things next year? Just more experience to probably help 'em go into next year. Oh the Rockets? Yeah because they, they seem to have the pieces available but they just need to, they yeah they need, they need a couple veteran pieces. Van Fleet gotta be healthy because that's they they stable person on their team For sure. You know what you're gonna give with Dylan Brooks you going to play hard do all the antics shit.


But they just need one more player that they could go to if somebody is down, if a Van Fleet is out like Aaron Holiday is they backup point guard or Reed Sheer, however you wanna play it. They need one more player. That's the voice of reasoning out there for sure. 'cause if you looking for Dylan Brooks to be your voice of reasoning when Van Fleet is out all right, it's a little different. Yeah you might be in trouble. So I even seen him using Thompson 20 yesterday. Bring the ball up, kinda initiate the offense and I'm like that ain't it yet. But they, they solid man they got a hell of a future for sure in Houston. I'm kind of leaning towards be behind. If you could trade for one good player don't break up that team to get two vets on that team. Yeah they didn't. One just wanted to just, just enough. 'cause Tar Easton was balling yesterday and every time Tar Easton get chance he he gets a hooping.


They got talent. I legit compete with everybody they play Bro. But he is a great cherry piece though. Yeah Tar one of them gotta go. It's either the Thompson twin Tar Easton Ken Whitmore obviously Ken Whitmore is the guy that's gonna go but yeah and it been Thompson stepping out them four, two of 'em gotta go. You can move Tar Easton, you can move Jabari in two picks and get you a quality, quality vet for that team. I don't know. You gotta move one of them, two of them outta that four. I've seen this in there. Wanna see how you feel Aboutt they're talking about as far as the Rockets hierarchy. If you had to move between Jalen Green and Men Thompson who you keeping? 'cause a lot of people said man Thompson would probably be our best player next year.


Who I moving? Yeah if you had to. If one has to stay between 'EM two for the future, who you say has to stay? Yeah I'd probably move Jalen Green just 'cause the Thompson twin, he's so versatile like he can defend, he can score once he learned how to shoot he a superstar. Yeah. Once he learned how to shoot. I don't but that's a big if like shit we been asking people to find a jumper for so long. Yeah but could you put him in a situation to where Amen Thompson could get you 20 a night because let no Cycl Jalen grant, he's elite one of the best wings in the NBA for sure. But on Artes shit obviously he had better offense but could you make a man Thompson capable of a 20 point scorer of your team?


Yeah. What he already what he 15 right now 14 and he on with two players. African the Dub plus Shake Gun is over there too. He can average 20. He can get 20 he just ain't shoot. Yeah if he could shoot he probably average 20 right now. It is easier to find another, I don't wanna say it like that but it is. It is hard or finding a A Thompson then a Jalen Green. Yeah, Jalen Green is no shade. They both fired but he like Malik Monk. Yeah He like these wings that got this scoring punch athleticism that you love on your team. Like he a mo of Jamal Crawford even though Jamal Crawford wasn't as athletic. Yeah but you can plug and play.


I can get you 20 off the bench at any time. Plug him in. I can get you 20 as a starter. I can get you 20 off the bench no matter wherever I play. Kevin Martin, wherever you put me. Underwriter Bucket Kevin Martin I can get buckets. Yeah Thompson if he could shoot damn near be Kua bro. Yeah I like that comparison. For real. He would down near be Kua Leonard if he could really shoot the ball For sure man. Bright future for young Rockets for sure. Shout to the pitchers. Get that dub anyway though. Youngs got a triple W yesterday gets the Hawks 1 27 to 1 20, 1 26, 12 and 10. Dame Hooped out with 23 as well. Trey Young Hooped out with 28 and 13 but the buck seven of the last eight man and making that playoff run we was talking about, that's not a team I really would be confident standing in front of man if I'm one of 'em higher seeds for sure.


That's a fact. I just hate how they, I don't, it's not the sexiest basketball by any means. It is ugly. It is. It is mud over there like they good like What's your biggest issue with them Bro? 'cause I used to watch Dame so much, I was a fan of Dame. Right. Like even when I was playing I used to watch they games like damn how's he get into it Like this him, Steph, cp, all these great pointers. I would watch all they games. Yeah. And now when I watch Dame it's like he been handcuffed a little bit, You know what I mean? Damn near turn into a a gray system guy. Nah, not even system like he, he always shot threes but like it's different now.


Free Flow ain't there? Nah. Like he used to come off pin downs. He used to come off flare screens in the pick and rolls. The offense was running around him and it was fun to watch. Like he was, he just had these moments that you just couldn't believe that's why he top 75 and he still had moments and you still see him be brilliant. I mean would he still had 20 points last night? Yeah, he shot two 10. Yeah from three still had 23 9, he still had 23 but just the way he played was different. And I understand when you playing with a Giannis and all these, You know super, super unreal players. I know your game is gonna change but I just like the old dame like watching Dame when everything evolved around him.


Yeah. So it's just tough for me to watch. Yeah I pray it's not against us but I can't wait to the playoffs. We get those dam little moments where it's like all right I need you to go do what you do best to get us these games. Ain't no Lee ain't no I need Dame to go with me a game and we gonna see some moments for him this postseason. Yeah I know. We'll he gonna get 40 50 but it's nasty to watch it now. I know we will. I think he gonna have a playoff, like a playoff run to remember. I wouldn't be surprised if they make it to the championship. I know the Celtics is a crazy team but I think Damon it's like his time, I think it's his moment to have one of them years that we haven't seen yet. I mean we seen him have playoff runs when he said You know the bubble, he went crazy.


But I think it's just time for the world to see him go all the way crazy on the live, live, live stage. He's speaking it into existence for sure. Most definitely we talked to him so yeah. Yeah. I would not be surprised He got high hopes for him. They just gotta jail bro. That I don't know but Celsius just, Hm. Yeah bro, that's, that's honest. I Can't afford no injuries. They playing Will they playing? Will I just, the way it look, I mean it's getting, they getting the job done. Yeah they getting it done. I just, I just remember what it used to look like, You know what I mean? You know what's funny, we started off this season all on Doc head. Ain't nobody said nothing about Doc in a long time. Man it shout to Doc Rivers man it win Win.


I said that about old girl. Excuse me. That's what I'm saying. Back in the day. Damn. I remember when it was just free flowing. It just, it's a little dent up now. I still crack. That just brought me back. I just, This nigga married. I love it up. Had a Couple babies, fuck it. Shout to the hell Damage.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers, now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take us to the record of DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right, we're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle therapy with Catherine Leg Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, Founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda bti. So if you want to keep up with us and here is the app, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira. An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Luca and Brian yesterday went crazy against the cuss they could buy for 64. Built a ass situation 1 36 to one 15. Man, them boys. Hey them Laker boys. I'ma let me go get my hat. Nah I'm playing. I ain't no Laker fan but them jerseys as that's why I ain't no Laker fan. But other than that they they fun to watch too. They get into it for sure. That boy Luca come on man. Hey You know when like this is just a random, You know when somebody like just got like a it factor. You ever watch like seen a kid or somebody, y'all know him like man that he just got something poor. Like he just special. That's Luca like he fat, he Alex Sha.


You know what I mean? Like you look at him, you like man I damn near, I damn near get him. And then when he started playing you like man it's just something about that dude bro. Like his arrogance and everything. It just kind of like jump off the screen. You like you hate, you hate him but you love him. Yeah he one of a kind. Yeah Like different forever. Like if he ain't on your team, you probably like man I can't stand that motherfucker like, but when you watch him play you can't help but to appreciate it. Yeah, for sure. He went crazy yesterday. 30 15 to eight, LeBron had 30. We just need the Productions. We don't give a damn how you built 30, 15 and eight next to 34, 8 and six. It's Crazy. Yeah, I'll buy you out the hooker you want fam.


Yeah but you can't like you're A beer bro. Facts like it is weird that you can't like I can't go to a kid and be like this is what a NBA player looks like. Yeah. I Can't even show Luca. Yeah I can't show you Luca or Yoic and be like You couldn't show Zach Randolph. Hell No. For real. All beers. Yeah like this is how you guys look And then when you go play, if a motherfucker tell me like well I want play like him, I'm like well I understand he he smoke who could drink beer man. Yeah He Feel like a pro wrestler bro. Yeah he felt like Kevin Owens bro. That's hilarious. Y'all are killing Luca Yoki. I'm here for y'all man. Man I got my spirits.


I'm Rolling man. Just who all this, all this working now trying to get abs and shit. You gotta have a game though. Yeah let's, we have to make that clear to you. You gotta know how to use your body. They don't understand how strong them dudes really are. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yo Super strong. Yeah We don't want, forget That it is crazy strong but they also crazy talent. God give the ability bro. Yeah We Your trainer could not teach you that. It's Different bro. For sure. Super Chat. Z-A-Q-E-E-M-I ain't about to that. What is it? Like's biggest post. Yeah I was gonna say what is it Likeer biggest witness post trade. I thought it would be defense but it seems that defend Well also I gotta pop out from Minneapolis for a playoff game. We're still waiting on Jeff to show his space and not run.


Damn. Alright. Is that the Somalian flag? We're Nigga how why Y'all gotta smoke with me in Min ain't just show his space and not run. Damn real. That sound inviting nigga. Yeah, I mean yeah that's the real dread babies. I, I pull up like I don't know why you, I ain't scared to pull up but why would I wanna pull up with Devil Horn? Like what type of tie you on? Gangster. But they biggest weakness is probably gonna be they post defense. They get caught playing the nuggets. I don't think, depending how they do have, depending how they guard, they had Roy on him in their last series against him. They had Ruy front them people was coming to help trapping the posts and doing things like that.


But if Jackson Hayes has to play on one-on-one it's it's Christmas. Yeah. Or my guy 55 or sub then yeah he's Christmas against that. That's the only weakness they really got right now is that post defense and Jerry Tibo has been playing amazing but if he's down there iso with yo it is going be every time. But if they, they put Vanderbilt Aru on him and then they come in and trap the ball. I mean one thing that LeBron struggled with is shooting threes. I mean he is having a good year but he is not a knockdown three point shooter. I'm just talking about Denver Rus Westbrooks struggle shooting. Aaron Gordon struggles shooting. You know Jamal Mur can shoot, You know Michael Porter can shoot but if they kicking it out, the Westbrook, LeBron Aaron Gordon, I like the Lakers.


Chances most de gonna play law averages in that situation. For sure. For sure. Let Luca show yo says question for Jeff Lakers got three back to back games the week of March 17th. Have you ever dealt with that in your career and how does the team prepare for that? Got three back to back games. That's not even like, I don't know what he's saying. I think they played three games in a row. Maybe I'm, yeah, that's not even possible. You can't even do that. Yeah, I don't, I don't. I'm not too sure what this question is. You can't do that could clean up a little bit. But you only could do that in the lockout year. But race back to back games. How you do that sucks. I mean you may got three sets of back to back. That's All you fake ass basketball watching ass niggas don't even know just be saying shit.


It just wasn't too clear. Let's, let's got three back to back. Ain't No refunds nigga. What we mean? They got three back to backs. Like they played the 17th, 18th off 19th played the 2020 first off 13th, 14th and 16th. Yeah they got a day off. So they have another I I don't know but 13th, 14th, day off. 16th. Yeah. 17th. Yeah. Oh so they they pay the 18th too? No, they got a day off on the 18th. Oh. So he's saying they got back two back three back to backs. Oh. So okay they put a 13th to 14th break. 15th, 18th is off obviously 1617 break 1819 now that's a crazy ass schedule.


So they have three back to backs. They have three back to backs. Okay. That's a crazy schedule. Like that's a, that's a rare schedule And that sucks too 'cause they play good ass teams on. Damn y'all can almost guarantee bros not playing a couple of those games. But he's not playing San Antonio for sure. Yeah but I ain't gonna lie. That's a crazy schedule. Whoever brought that up, that's like the lockout year. That's the kind of stuff we was do in the lockout year. That's a crazy schedule. But the lockout year we play three games in a row. I can't even imagine playing a back toback serious situation. I remember one one year, the year, the lockout year we had played three games in a row on the third game we went in triple overtime with Utah.


Nigga is tired. It was Crazy as hell. I was about third year. I didn't give a damn. I was having fun. We never practiced. Literally we had training camp for one week and then you went straight to games. I think games started on Christmas. I think the first game was when D Rose hit that floater against the Lakers. Yeah that was like the first game of the year. And then you never practiced the game. You just played games. Never. We ain't go over scout report. We ain't do nothing. You just went out there and hooped? Nah we was Woody. Still your coach? Nah, it was ld. Larry Drew was our coach. Shout out to ld. I had fun 'cause I came off of the playoffs. That was my second year. I didn't play all year. I played the playoffs in my third. This is my first year starting. I'm 22, 23.


Oh you got All in the world. Oh. People sitting out like oh I get to shoot like Joe, I ain't playing this game. That's two in a row. Third game I ain't cool. I was taking game winners all type of shit. Boys was tired. I was having a Ball. That's why niggas winning the three Ts. They got their bullshit. Nigga I when I Tell you time to shot, Devin Harris missed so many game winners. That game like to go the go ahead shots. He might miss like six Goa ahead shots. People forget how raw he really was. Devin Harris was cold. That's the reason why he trade him from Jake hit. He was so cold bro. In Dallas? Yeah. And what makes it funny? Y'all probably hope like damn Devin he we can go home nigga.


Nah we yeah we was in Atlanta. I'll never forget I was like golly we going to overtime again. Oh yeah after two games the day before Luis pulled up. Nah it was crazy. Super chat Brandon Docker's ass T Do you think LeBron should have been the first you named Miss MVP over Steph? Yep. I mean obviously LeBron had crazy years but I think what Steph did, yeah, I mean yeah bro Jordan should have been in unanimous MVP before. I mean I don't, that's a fact. You know NBA is the NBA. So Pat Boomer asked questions for Jeff. Is there specific mindset or trick that helps you stay composed while handling the ball under pressure?


My theory is if you put in the work you always you confident in your handle. If 'cause you put in the work like anything you do, if you practice on it and you continue to practice on it, it becomes perfect. Never really gonna be perfect but in your mind comes perfect if you put in that work when the game time happens you put in so much work you confident I do it all the time. This is what I do. I put in work, I do this, I handle the ball, I handle the ball, I handle the ball. When the game come it's natural. For sure. For sure. Hey shout out to the filet mixtape out there so you're getting your shit off on the internet man. It's a mixtape. Yeah Filet got you another, another situation bro. Yeah. Yeah he did one.


What Shout out to it is fired. Nah he is fire bro. Nah, people showing love too. I appreciate that bro. For sure. What is it College? Nah, N-B-A-N-B-A. Yeah he did your college one I think. Yeah I seen that one. Yeah. NBA one that's fired too. I I'm gonna look at it when I get outta here. You booming on Ray and kd? Yeah people be always surprised about that KD Jump. They even got you getting a couple jumpers off in that bitch. You had a step back Yo game winner against Trisha Thompson's hilarious. He said I got a couple nigga I shot jumpers. Nah this mix up you dunking. Oh Pat be oh Shit they Gotta be playing defense On that motherfucker. Yeah, yeah they got, you got some blocks.


Oh I used to block shots. Yeah you got a chase down? I used to block Shot. Nah filet got you together though. All jokes aside. Hey that motherfucker nice. It's nice it I'm gonna check it out. Only thing I seen yesterday DJ showed me somebody had a 44 jersey on shout out to that legend word. Hey man yesterday at the Patriot Rockets game, this white gentleman had the Hickory Teague 44 jersey. Y'all said the real throwback? No You know to the game I was around. Shout out to that ledger man that was a fire jersey. That jersey is one of the worst colored combos I've ever seen in my life. The Hickory jersey shorts is one of the worst. That's a real real Hoja jersey for sure. That shit yeah you are a fan. For real bro. Support. I to the Barcelona Kobes with that damn thought I was fresh. It was not Dusty.


Hey shout to Barcelona Kobes if You know, You know but we will have the hickory jersey in studio very, very soon. Nah, that's Tight. Shout to the gentleman for sure. For sure. LeBron Luca can they win the chip man? Yeah, yeah, yeah for sure man. Hey they got the recipe, they got two of the best players Ever. I'm just saying you just got like a legit solid team though to get it done. If they guard like they been guarding. Yeah LeBron and Luca. See the thing that's special about them, one of them can have a off game and the other one can carry. Not too many people got that like, You know what I mean like Yeah For sure. LeBron can be terrible and look can still wear, You Know Jeff having a serious talk.


What this nigga Aaron Joseph the chap is being freaky. They said DJ never getting that stent removed. Halle stent for life And he said use this to buy your Glz bike. You Said DJ got a tramp stent. Why the fuck is Missing? I don't know where the fuck this came from but Aaron. Joseph fuck you. Oh they said you got a Halle Burton re stent that's out of pocket. That's tough. Hey for words I can't use on this morning. Show Shooting the jumper. Hey why he said Mike $20 Buy Glz. I ain't gonna lie. He going, he going use it too. He use it too. New York bro. Oh he look The Gli go fund me. He never been bro.


You never Been to New York? We gotta take him On on the street. He gotta get first The street dog. I'm not eating Street no street G Street. G first the street dog. Then we gonna take him to a restaurant. We got You know ain't gonna concert boy they had some hot dogs outside race. For real. That's wild. And that's what might be on when they go out to the club? He at the Gizzy station. Oh God when we went I took him to Cheah. He was asking for a hot dog outside. He was out of pocket. Outside, inside out. No, I got a slice. A pizza. That's why you had Dar mind. I was like let's go get something to eat your chin bro. Like I ain't got no Hot dog boy stomach. It's kind of like a, that Atlanta dog different though.


Listen that boy said I gotta go to the bathroom in the club was in Florida. That was oh man Florida bro you don Niggas wrong. We sitting there watching the game. My boy said hey Shit got wicked. I gotta goat Man Nigga hear they shit boy ain't got no to S ESPN cadaver.


That was funny. Oh man snuck up on my boy. The Sneakers is Crazy. Oh man let's get the rest of these games man. Y'all that we gonna tell that story when we, when we get in the real pod. Okay y'all gotta be fucked. The podcast today will be a blast for sure. Rap movie Rap carried magic yesterday one 14 to one 13. Rap game winning three for sure Be Carroll Hooped out 41 and eight and eight. Bros had 28. RJ Barrett had 21 to nine. But yeah Jacobe watch the game winning three Magic got their bullshit. They Said they gonna be Looking to move RJ Barrett. Man I don't know why man having a, he having a solid season for them man.


I wonder if it's 'cause they got bi Man I'd like to see 'em all on there. I'd like to see Scotty Barnes move to that point forward bro. Let bi Barrett run around get buckets. That'd be a good pickup for somebody though RJ Barry for sure. Yeah most definitely. Bull Been hooping for sure. Yeah I it may be money too bro. 'cause You know they just gave Bret bread and RJ is not on a friendly deal either so Yeah he RJ did ain't that bad though. He only making like 26, 24, 25 somewhere around there. It ain't od Remember he had got, he signed his deal a little early. He did but Scotty got paid too. Scotty on the max. Most definitely. Scotty On the max. Melo is on the trade rockers this summer and kd.


Dang. It's gonna be a hell way. NBA free agency this year For for sure. Free agency gonna be all right for sure. T Wolf took care of the seven six yesterday 1 26 to one 12. Quin Grime sweeps out give another 30 piece man. Nare had 23 as well. A only had 18 yesterday. They took care of business anyway. Give up to, to the 70 Sixers again on the, the weight playing grounds play Man I think it's probably time to put some of these people on the block. He might need to be the starting two. Did he act like it and they on Nico asked about that trade too. That was like damn he out here getting 40 and 30. He could have still been a math feel. Yeah I don't know why they gave him up so easy. That boy Nico don't care Man.


Nah, when I'm everybody like a Bring my slot machines bro. Niggas Bro. A lot of people like Quin Grimes but he always the guy to get traded. I mean I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Like because the Knicks fuck with him too. He a song got player. Yeah that's all after player but like he always on the move. I think he played for like six or seven teams or They do him like Kmar son same way bro. KJ Martin. Yeah They always in the mix Bro is really good though. I ain't saying Kevin KJ ain't good. He good too but it is just like he be playing like rotation man. Yeah like, like damn for sure man out to Quinn Grimes taking care of opportunity for sure. Spurs beat the net yesterday 1 27, 1 13 name.


We ain't said a long time. Cam Thomas Hooped out 24. He been hurt. Yeah, I know man. Cam Josh said 17 as well. Devon Bestel yesterday went crazy. Career high 37, 11 and five. He was Bing yesterday. Darren Fox had 15 to seven. I guess. You know Spur ain't trying to capture the flag. I mean nah, that's, I mean they got a bright future with Win and Fox. I mean Yeah they Straight Castle too. He had another crazy boom yesterday. Yeah He, he raw, he hard course but he, he not touche. Y'all went crazy. I was like he raw nigga. That's crazy. That nigga cold. He he can definitely, he better be careful. He gonna play himself right off that team.


Nah boy, he good. He gonna be a max player for them. You're gonna say he getting paid right now. But Devin, he getting paid for sure. Oh you talking about that? I thought you was talking about Castle. Yeah we was talking about Castle. Nah, castle called Devvin is he? Oh so yeah he gonna get traded. Yeah he that 37 boy. He gonna play your Alpha Alpha team. Nah, that part castle ain't going nowhere. He locked in for a long time. Nah, he, he the one for sure. Sons beat the Clippers yesterday. 1 19, 1 17, 23 point comeback yesterday. Man KD went crazy. 34 7. Book has 17. Big Zoo was hooping yesterday with 35 and 10 and James hard had 21 and 15 yesterday. Man KD man if you watch man, chill out on Bud man. He was just trying to holler at you bro. Did you see the the full clip of that they had?


Yeah. Yeah they they came back and talked afterwards. He was like of course we gonna argue 'cause we both care about this shit. Yeah but I fuck with Bud. He done told Devon book to shut up and grab Katie. Oh Bud ain't gonna put that bullshit. Bud ain't gonna old now. I told you Bud first one put me in office and tell you hey you're not gonna be playing anymore. Good job. I said damn, fuck you. I came all the way out here. I could have been somewhere Else. Well you was double zero. Yeah. Nah this was when I was five for the Bucks. Damn. Oh okay. I was about to say Yeah it's when I was five. Damn he ain't give a damn But he said He's a good C boy. Yeah CS player. Premium bro. Premium plus The Roy Rubber chair for sure.


Premium plus sometimes I used to sit on the floor it was so good. Damn. For real. I should be laying on the ground sometimes. Damn. Damn. I used talk so much shit. That's what PJ was saying. That nigga talking to me sitting on a ground. I'm trying to be for real know you playing Talked the most. Shit, knowing I ain't getting in the game. Didn't give a damn. Y'all motherfuckers is sad. You know what's funny? It was you a TA in that locker room at the same time? No TA was coaching my bad. I forgot TT Nah. Yeah, I'm like nigga I'm not getting in when you get in there man make sure you we go off that screen lock. Yeah, I ain't getting in tonight brother.


Oh shit. The next is telling you to lock it. Hey bro. Oh God he did. I Yeah That shit is comical man. I Fuck with t. I fuck with T Toot the goat. It was cool as fuck. But yeah I did have some good seats. Fuck you for sure. Big Cody and the super chat asks how should the magic address historically bad shooting? Get some shooters? Yeah. Or do you think it's mental at this point? Could they blame the injuries and run it back next year? Nah, they need to get some shooting. For real. They have to TIUs Caldwell Pope was a good pick up defensively we thought. But that boy broke as hell. And that's my dog too. I love KCP but he ain't making shots no more. You know what I mean? Before, I don't even know if he playing, he could have been injured, whatever.


But before he got, he wasn't hitting and Franz and Pablo, whatever, what I call him Pablo. Pablo, bro. I bro not no street nigga, bro. You Pablo for the rest of your life with me Pablo, they was hurt. So that took a toll on their team. Jalen Suggs is not a shooter like that either. They gotta get some shooting in that building. Yeah. Call Anthony, not shooter. Cole, Cole, Anthony not a shooter. Anthony back, not a shooter. They gotta get some shooting, not a shooter. Gotta get some shooting. Go down the list. Let's just name all the people that can't shoot on their team. Yeah. Ju Howard was supposed to be able to shoot, what's the other boy? Jonathan Isaac not a shooter. Gogo. Batal like eh, not a shooter but can hit one. Gary Harris be hurt all the damn time.


Yeah, that's a bet. They just ain't got enough shooting man. Go up a little bit. It's supposed to be a one guy. What's his name that came outta Michigan Young Bull. He was supposed to be on their team to shoot man. Who? Not yet. It was another one. He probably ain't even on their team no more. I don't even matter. He was supposed to be able to shoot, he can't shoot. Yeah that, that, that gotta go with shooters and ain't coaching problems. It is a personnel problem for sure. Yeah, they gotta get some shooting bro. For sure. Give us something to the magic. Yeah, I don't know what's going on with the Clippers. Fucking that game up the way they did yesterday. That was out of pocket for sure. But shout to Katie for hooping out. Alright man. Couple games they need for Duncan Robinson. Who?


He gonna be a free agency, A free agent. So imagine Yeah, I'm at that. They need Duncan Robinson man. They need somebody like that specialist. Yeah, they need a couple specials because I mean Pablo and Franz, I don't care. I'm calling him Pablo. I know his name. Pablo. Shout to Pablo. He's special. He is special talent. Franz is a special talent. They all star capable players. They need somebody to spread the floor from him. They got that LeBron, they need that LeBron shooting like LeBron used to get all them shooters around him. Mm, I can see that. Some of that.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in inch L sweaters and I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save woman Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hop isn't just for the dads Brads and Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Now I wanna ask you this question about Clay. Going to the maps, obviously it ain't worked out as planned 'cause that shit's going crazy but one of the T he was almost gonna go to was the magic that probably would've helped this year. I don't know how much but that's the type of sign they, like you said, the Dunker Robinson situation. It makes sense. 'cause if they would've had clay this year with KCP, they'd have had a little bit more spacing for some of them bigs man. Yeah, they need spacing for sure. They would've been a good pick. But shit free Clay man. You could probably get Duncan Robinson now for the Lowkey. Yeah. Facts. EBT for sure. Yeah. Alright man. A couple games tonight. I wanna see how I feel about 'em. Blazers at Celtics CELs. Oh for sure. Okay. T Wolves at Hornets. Wolves G Wolves easy.


He at Cavs. Cavs for sure. Jazz. You say you gonna heat? Yeah. Okay. Turn up Jazz at Wizards go out to dinner so, so when you watching Tuby this will probably be on Nah, facts. Yeah that is definitely true. TV game. Mavs at bucks. Bucks for sure. Kings at Nuggets. Nuggets. Yeah. Thunder at Grizzlies Done Thunder. Pistons at Clippers Clips. Mm Bounce back. I'm going with the Pistons bro. Piston's my sleeper team. I got a cave with 25 other night but nah Yo, what's up with Ja? How long y'all I think he should be playing tonight.


Should be playing tonight. I be, I love Ja Morant but he, he'd be injured so much bro. Yeah they're on three grand loose street. He One night personally throwing his body around like that. I don't know what he gotta do. Yeah I love him. I think he's so talented but yeah his availability, he's questionable now. We shall see Shoulder still nursing that injury. All right. Time decision. So I don't know how long he going be able to Maintain that high level. Yeah. Say they definitely not people no more. He ain't doing that but like his game is so predicated off being athletic. Yeah. And fast. And that's the difference between him and like Tre Young. Tre Young, his game, You know his being fast and stuff but he can shoot and that's what's gonna last.


That's what's gonna give him longevity. He can shoot off that pick and roll. Yeah and he'll shoot with range and he can make passes. Yeah. Jalen Green is damn near Ja Morant damn near play the same damn What They do throwing their body around play the same way all athleticism bro. Yeah but it's different with Ja. Ja got Ja can pass the ball with the best of them. His skillset, his floater is unbelievable. I'm just saying Ja you gotta Rely on that though. Ja can play without using. I'm not saying he was but his speed and his quickness was make him so vulnerable. I mean so deadly. Yeah and make the defense so vulnerable 'cause he can get to the rim so easy but if Ja just learned how to slow down and just shoot a couple threes they go on a screen full of three.


He do sometimes. But his natural instinct is like they going under, I'm about to fly to this realm and try to do something. Yeah For sure. If he got some of that CP in him pulls like You know how CP manipulate that mid range job be. All right. Is that the next step he needs to to progress to? Yeah Shit if you wanna play For sure. Yeah give us on the job man. Hope we play tonight. It'll be a good game for sure. Against the thunder Verified Buckets beat here. Who was getting to it yesterday? I'm Gonna give the big zoo. He was killing 35, 15. A lot more consistent. What people think too? He been having a hell of a year. He Hell he top 10 center in the league. The Lakers giving him up was always crazy.


Sure If they still had him the ship for sure giving it to Zoo For sure. I'm gonna go with my dog Tyree 28 15 yesterday. Great way against the Rockets. He wasn't even up there. Yeah it's all good. Damn. I about said that ain't on my clipboard. I mean my little I would Go, I would go with Zion to production team. We always talk crazy You know not even talk crazy but just mess with Zion 'cause he messed with double M for sure. We he was he be killer man. He knew bro. No, Zion had 37, 64 yesterday on 70% shooting yesterday. Yeah he healthy when he healthy he one of the best in the league for sure. Yeah, Zion is elite for sure. I always respect for Zion free.


You see Hooped out yesterday, Devin basketball Hooped out yesterday career high 37, 11 and five. Hell at the office for sure and then Ronda Luca combined it for 64 is crazy man. For sure. Super chat some random says athletes, it's Kyrie playing too many minutes. Have anything to do with the injury. Just Mass Force and Kai have anything to do with it. 'cause the 33-year-old with injury record having the highest NPG is crazy. I mean he might've upped his his minutes and his usage and coulda did something with it. You know what I mean? He was being more aggressive. He had the ball more, his usage rate probably went up and after you do the same, you gotta think basketball, you do the same movements over and over and over and over again.


It's just wear and tear like you do the same movements over and over. Eventually it's wear and tear for sure. Every day you wake up you run and you jump running, you jump running, you jump. Something's gonna happen For sure Ain't TB people who play professional sports, you don't have no injuries and no major ones. The ones who get blessed they go away with minor will still be hurt for sure. Facts. All right. Super chat ask which I bigger what if Derrick Rose or Baron Roy, Derrick Rose, D Rose and then B Roy one of my favorite players but Derrick Rose, I mean he wanted to VP like I don't know where he wanted to lead. MVP. If he don't get hurt we don't know where he is. Most definitely.


Alright give. Well soon we'll be here. Who need some encouragement? This wonderful Wednesday morning Lil Trey Jamison. Yeah hold up boy. That Zion dunked on? Yes sir. Look at this. Hey he just kept going every time he looking slim too Boy, boy in shape. Ah damn bro. That man, every time we just people, every time we forget about him he come outta nowhere in shape and just, I just hope he could play a whole season one year. Make A look 40. So pass Trey Reluctant pass free Zion man. See him two another teams who could really hoop. We need to see Zion in the playoffs.


LeBron like damn. Hey That boy man that is too strong bro. That boy That's tough man. Yeah I give us some ghost tour Prince. Yeah my boy wi cut off me jump yesterday. I always, fuck I had, I had to say y'all that Rob was crying at home. Hey Look at y'all's head. That's that shit. He About rest. Doc had to laugh bro. This happened at the beginning of the game. Yos ain't passing ball rest of the game. Nobody scored yet. He was already through his shit.


The real Porter brother for sure. Because aint no He under, That's the first Play of the game. Yeah, that's the first play of the game. That crazy. Hey look at dark damn Damn lying As because why not just shoot the ball t shoot the ball man we wilding. Look that ain't the play I rolled up. He looking for that drop pass. That's how much Giannis got Nigga scared. Oh God. I swear. Fuck that drop pass. That was the drop pass down the Giannis. For real Boy ain't even looking at the bag, Ain't even looking at the realm. He said fuck that mid. I'm not letting Yani get this pass. We gotta Turn over.


Stupid ass. Oh bet. Who you got Devin? Vail dunked on somebody. Oh yeah, young Wfr. Hey right foot, right hand. That's tough. That's split the A man hooped out gotta Steal. Mm dope. His ass I love they bench take the bench out. I yeah they geeked up Man Wouldn't be tall. Shit wouldn't be tall in a months. God damn. That's how You know Pop ain't there. Oh yeah. That bench would've never reacted like that back in the day.


Boy. A slow clap. They would've been standing there. They all would've put up a fist. They point at people and shit playing. Parker would've hate it. Yeah, Parker would've told him sit down, try to holler at his grill. Get Well Soon. Damn. Get Well Soon to TP the real tp. I I was talking about TP too. Nevermind The real tp. Alright TP tell a good album. Classic. Well we can't talk about it. We did, we tried Whi Bread. What you got for him?


Man? I want six. Shit. TV two. You taking no over or under that is not on Draftings. Nah man. Darius Garland 20, Lalo 20, Jalen Brown, 25 Damon Lillard 25 DeMar De Rosen, 20 Shaa 30 K Cunningham 25, 200. When? $7,000 a Today. I ain't mad at it ain. Bad bet right there. 200 when you seven bands, man. Draft Kings use that promo code Club five 20 come out the closet, stay in the closet, come outta the closet, do whatever you want to. Just make sure use that promo code. We will be back same time tomorrow.


Ooh that so 20 In The Morning, The Volume.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports Entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.