
The Volume. Good morning. Happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. To my left, to my right Bishop. He to my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's Happening bro? What's good With it man? Before we even get into it tonight man. Show some love to freaky Mike. Man. Happy birthday to freaky bike man. Production team short there man. Happy. Love to Freaky Mike. Man. To the Zy. God. The Gizzy, God the ankle Band. Never regular Gizzy. Always dress it up. Bust Down ankle. God. He still eat hot dogs. All your favorite Topps on it. That Is crazy. It was a Wagyu hot dog.


A wa He got the okay respect, but you got a top tier porn hot Dog. They do this shit like this. See how Birthday YI don't know what kind of Jack that is. Yeah, crazy. That's, That's how he glaze it. Hey Yo Brought Cocaine, white Columbia stuff. Oh, brand new. That boy tapped In. Okay. Got a tough napkin in if he today All white. All White is Gotti. Okay. Ooh, birthday outfit. It's, It's about Shout to wifey.


What time for Freaky Bite? Y'all went to dinner right? Yeah. Shout out to the Man where she take you. I ain't gonna blow up the spot. Okay. It's a nice spot though. Okay. Shout to Dale fco. It was D Old Charlie's. Now you trying to cuff the dinner spot. We'll start just short a second. That's the one thing I used to hate on Instagram. People post on fire be like, nah, I can't tell you motherfucker Tell me the Restaurant bro. I'll tell y'all after. Shout to my nigga Mike G for being a real, he never, you know, I mean he held the deal like that. Come on man. Shout out to Mike G. Shout out to the game some news before we get into it, man. Kyrie and Trae All obviously replaced AD and Giannis man. How y'all feel about Kyrie getting that Allstar nine in the west?


Shout out to Kyrie man. I'm an inter athlete. I'm hype my boy. No you're not. Yes I'm an Under Armour athlete. Know the fuck I'm Oh Okay, okay. I was for, I was for two weeks but they ain't, they ain't Rebrand me every Up man. Fuck. Shout to Kyrie man. You deserve it. You a legend. That's who we wanna see in the fucking Allstar game. Somebody with Allstar talent. For real. Most not none of these Rudy ass niggas. Who is Rudy Pool That's in, Shout out to Kyrie man. Let's move on with the show For sure man. Are you, A lot of people feel like NP Z maybe should've got that nod, but I know You should've. But I respect it. What the NBA did to Dallas? They had to get another Dallas representative in there. For sure bro. I'm not mad at that man. Yeah, it's, it's enough smoke going down in Texas right now.


They need a little bit to get rid of that. Yeah. How y'all feel about the trade being voided and then they challenging it now the Hornets is out here pulling on, you know what I'm saying? Pulling the running back. Hornets don't have enough power to be challenging anything. Whoa. I'm not gonna disrespect my favorite organization Now. Oh cha. To challenge a Trae All and you are being who you are. You can't be like that bro. They said Back no trade backs. They cheating. Nah, They the grimy one stuff. Nah, facts they Trying to give out damn good. That's the funny part about it. They the ones wild the situation. They was like nah, look at that again. Nah, they outta pocket bro. They like do that test on his knees again. Yeah.


Ain't shot that boy. Shit. We had a little cartilage. I said none. It's a little Just get the surgery mark so they can ship you the right way bro. Just get the surgery. Feel Now in the like crazy world. What happens if they like nevermind we was wrong. Trae All go through. How crazy would that be? Don't do Don connect like that man he just got here man. You seen him on the bitch yesterday? He's still trying to figure it all out. Nah, I mean he be in a pro though, you know what I mean? You a rookie. You don't really got too much rain in the league just yet. So yeah, I fuck with him for just coming in and just being a professional. Yeah, it's kind of crazy out here right now for Sure man. Wes Copper player of the, we yolk 30 ball 10 to 10 averaging a trippy dub standing there crazy that we just like him immune to it at this point.


We talked about him catching up with Russ Brook and if he keep playing like this bro, it's gonna, he might get there for sure. He did that breakdown that day bro. He can get, he can touch it for sure. He definitely gonna catch up with him. Yeah Most definitely. He definitely Running up for MVP this year. Strong as he should But yeah, we know who getting it for this year. Who definitely should at least Trae All young Eastern conference player of the week. 31 10? Yeah. All star him like he's supposed to be for sure. That's The Trae All we know right there. Shout to my dog man. Trae All young. Yeah NBA Allstar should have been one from the jump but where the hoop nasty you doing your thing bro? Yeah for sure. Player of the week you deserve it. He never a reserved type of nigga so I fuck with that for sure.


But go for the nm VP and the Allstar game man. Yeah Killed Show. Show your ass man. Yeah him and the Kyrie battle be lit And you know one thing I ain't really get about the Trae All young hey too, he don't really talk that much. Like you don't hear too many quotes from him except for what? Something happened like the whole Trae All situation. Yeah that's a rebuttal. 'cause he got, he got like fucked over basically. He don't be out here talking crazy nothing. He just Who But man I guess but shout to Trae All young man. It's the Atlanta effect bro. Small market being in the a. Nah they don't give 'em the same love. See the thing where people used to love Atlanta when it was kind of like super hip hop like the team. Yeah it was smooth and them it was everybody had a nickname. It was all kind of like a vibe.


It ain't like that no more. It's kind of more, you know what I mean? More no Motherfucker done turn into a prep school. Yeah they my bird for For sure. They my bird now T gang line used to have ti change them at the game. Yeah. Niggas going out with each other grabbing sections like it was a different era when he was there for sure It was like it was called the highlight factor. Yeah It ain't a smooth there right now. Yeah it definitely ain't a iso Joe. Trae All Trae All is with the shits but it's calm though. Yeah it ain't loud at all. It's Basketball. It ain't a highlight factor. Like it was literally called the highlight factory because something was gonna happen, smooth was gonna dunk it, somebody was gonna do something but yeah Then y'all had Jamal. Yeah that you right. You right.


It ain't the same swag at all. Uhuh. What? Sure man. Shout to Trae All young man killing 31 to 10. Ain't nothing slight. Come on man. Laker debut yesterday for Luca. Yep. Built to ass situation against the jazz. 1 32 to one 13. Brian had 24 8 and seven. Austin Res was killing 22 and nine and Luca had 14 five and four limited minutes yesterday. It was also a blowout man. First time seeing Brian Luca on the court together. Hey y'all feel about that? It was cool. I knew they was gonna beat the shit outta them. That wasn't a real test for me. Yeah that was Dvy game. It Was good to see them run with each other though. It it, it is weird. It is like they're the same player though obviously LeBron is way more athletic. Yeah and you can just tell the difference of player like you know Luca's great but the way they get it done is different but they similar players.


LeBron just so so good at basketball but Luca is too and Luca probably, I hate to say this, he probably a better passer than bro and it's crazy to say 'cause LeBron's like a great passer. Ah See I'm telling you the way Luca can find people is crazy bro. See Luca can, Luca can't pass better than bro bro. The, the court the core vision ain't the same bro. Yeah it is bro. It's probably better. Mm. Like some of them passes Luca mate like just think about it like throwing passes behind his head like shooting and throwing it behind his head when people contesting. We never seen Brian do that Shit last night. He jumped in the paint and fake it to the wing and threw it to the corner of the ru. It was crazy like it looked like it was in slow motion though.


Yeah and but Brian be throwing him down too. But you have seen Brian shift for defense and pass the ball Too. Yeah but I seen Luca do that a thousand times. DJ just described it to you and this was just like a normal Luther of pass. I know the, what he talking about where he just jumped in the air. He had the flick Off the head. That's, that's threw To rule. That's a top tier highlight. I just to say he passed is better than LeBron is crazy And LeBron was really like a pass first nigga bro. But if You go look at like LeBron, LeBron can pass. This is not hate but LeBron no he's not. He throw no looks. He look at you first then he turned his head nigga I gotta make sure you're there for a little quick Second but I'm just saying Wink can pass but Luca ability to pass the ball is top tier bro. They made a highlight of Ty Hall bar no looks that said he's looking the whole time before he passed it and it made me think of that.


Yeah that's Ty, that's how bro no That's not, I'm not doing that bro. I ain't doing that to Brian And Tyler. Y'all, y'all getting outta hand on this show already and we just started. I'm being For real bro. Luca is amazing. I conversation He he is bro. But saying he passed better than bro. It is fucking crazy Jeff. It is crazy bro. It really ain't crazy bro. The only thing I had in this conversation is that the fact that we call LeBron or his label as a pass first player, he has the most points in NBA history. Yeah but that was his game though. He used to get, he used to get like just, just so far from a clutch standpoint. He used to get criticized for that 'cause he felt like he was making the right basketball player. Yeah, that's why they called him a past first player. Yeah that's that's just because he wouldn't take the last second shot sometimes. Yeah he was always getting buckets.


I mean yeah, yeah but I'm saying he wanted to to be a get his teammate A past first player in your first year you average only five assists. He wouldn't but you average 20 points. You're not a Pass. He, he wants to get his teammate. Well first of all he, he was playing with me and DJ his first year. Oh Definitely. But I'm just saying he got hard nigga to shoot. Let's see, let's see. Sorry be pause but I'm just saying like bro it is is different bro. Go to LeBron's 22 year career stats please. We about be looking all day. He looking at, I ain't say go to Kia commercials. LeBron says stats never. Alright. Go to his assist.


I I can't, I can't. He Was supposed to swing it to I renewable bro. Yeah It's kind of tough bro. Donel Marshall was like average Six. Alright. What did you average for his second year? Seven. 7.2. Alright. What did he average for his career Should be at the bottom. So let's just do some random numbers. He probably averaged seven for his career. His Best year. He 10, he averaged about seven for his Career. Yeah there he go Seven go to Luca and it's small. I mean it's amazing that LeBron just how long that list was. Yeah that's crazy. I God I got dizzy.


Fuck LeBron For 10, six years. Shit Look like crazy too. Ko, can Russell Westbrook pass better than LeBron? No. No it's not that. I'm just wondering assist, Can James Harden pass better than LeBron? No See their scores first? Huh? 8.3 for his score? Yeah their scores first. And I'm not saying just 'cause he averaged more assists at it. I'm saying he's, they're scores first. Westbrook wants to score. James Hart wants to score. Luca can score. It is easy for him to score but when he first came in the league he was Diamond people like the first game we played him like one of his first or second games and he wouldn't even try to score.


It was just easy for him to score. I agree with that bro. But y y'all don't have to clip this one up. I'm sleep. Yeah YI like this conversation for y'all. Go I'm Sleep bro. Let Us know in the chat who you feel who is a better pass. We would love to revisit that for sure. But just them playing together with the team. I'll tell you one person who really happy about that cha that trade. Jackson Hayes? Yeah He Out their benefit first. Who plays the game for them was live man. Who threw him? LeBron and Luca. He gonna be all right. Yeah he I know he know he talking about that that two foot jumper but boy he get a little bit more time now. Yeah he got yeah Luca draw the defense a little more. LeBron Luca know how to play that pick and roll a little better like p people on his hip. Yeah and like dragging you all the way down and throw that lob.


That never was really LeBron game. He can do it obviously. But that wasn't his Game. Nah Luca Luca mastered that. He Was more of a packet passer and hit the corner passer. Yeah Luca mastered that. Yeah Luca and James Hart mastered that little live getting you on they hip alive so he gonna benefit. Definitely. And listen man, they gonna keep playing like this Gabe Vincent can you shooting like that rule. Keep your tripping like that also Reeds keep killing like that is that new third option. Hey man. Yeah Austin Reeves man He riding the wave right Now. He going crazy ain't gonna lie man. He going crazy. Austin res wrong man. He going crazy bro. He is. He cold, he cold. Austin ree cold bro. Hey, hey no hey bro. He cold. Hey I told you Saturday bro. When I seen him I'm like look Edmar these defender way he was dragging it.


I said oh my God. Like this is What it is all the time now. I remember, I remember when I called him Baby Luca, everybody says you're outta of fucking pocket and then when you watch him you be like hey I see what I see it bro. Baby Luca. I said they got little bro and baby Luca on the same team with Luca and Brony and big bro. That's crazy. All the Bronys. Yeah.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all new customers now that's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Hey that's crazy Now this for shit and giggles. End of the game. Who judge? Calling up the play fo Austin Re No I'm just nigga OI LeBron. Whoever got it going bro. You like you said I'm LeBron an unselfish superstar Now at this point like I think Luca in LA hitting the game winners is it mean more They let Luca come out last on the introductions. You think they gonna continue to do that? You think LeBron gonna like I'm handing it over to you. I Don't, I don't think LeBron. I don't think that was off for show. You don't think LeBron let that continue. I do. I do. Next year. Pass the torch now bro. Go out. Go out. Well bro start with the little things.


I fuck with that. Yeah that I Fuck with that. He Gotta continue to let him come out loud. Him warming up with the 77th like I, I don't think it's Fact that he's embracing but I that's still LeBron. It is gonna be all you all you welcome to team Now that's what I'm saying. LeBron, LeBron miss his nigga ad for sure but he, he wasn't wearing no ad shirt when he first came over there and he wore his 23. He wore that nigga had on the Luca t-shirt. You damn near lame for wearing a Luca t-shirt to a basketball game. That gave us up to the fans. See these niggas don't keep it real t-shirt. Jersey is nasty though. It's not lame bro. It's nasty. Thank you. It's nasty LA But as a fan at the game not outta pocket.


If you wear a t-shirt with a nigga's number on the front of it bro. Instead of just getting a Swer Z bro you are lame bro. That is whack bro. That was merch yesterday though so I ain't met that. It was A free Shirt dj. We went to that Indiana Fever game and all those studs. Everybody in the arena bro had on t-shirts bro. Nobody had on jerseys bro. They gonna sell a Lot of WBA jerseys. It might be a different reason though. They ain't have A lot of WBA Jerseys, big t-shirt contests all over that motherfucker Career. Yeah Iris, I don't think the budget was the same. The Lakers budget a little bit different than people that that looking Shirt Tough though. Stop jab Bro. That look, that's a solid shirt bro. Yeah as a player though. If we warm it up bro all put that on with some jeans.


Fuck it. No I'm saying Well that's crazy. LeBron just warming up though. Alright, but not coming to the game. That's what I'm saying. Oh He wasn't wearing that to the game. You know LeBron gonna come with with the shit. He probably had some fire kicks on So. So as a fan that's okay though right? Yeah if you go into a basketball game you wear a Luca 77 jersey, you're Okay. Yeah they sat those out on the chairs. If but if you're Wearing that to your date with your girl, probably not. So yeah that's that's not nasty you, you a super fan but if you go into a basketball game, yes bro, that is okay. Respect. You Don't think that's okay for a Basketball game? No it is bro. It is. Support your team however you know towels, t-shirts, sweatpants, whatever you wanna wear or to your guy For sure.


But more from news. Look Lakers soon to come for sure. But the worst to care The bucks yesterday when the young is out still. 1 25 to one 11. Stef went crazy yesterday. 38 and six. Jimmy Hooped out yesterday 29 and six. Dame killed yesterday. Smooth 38 piece seven and five rebounds of K had 21. Hey man, since the, since the Jimmy Trade old statement getting dubs man Steph fourth from second we ain for 30 points. You know what I'm saying? We was a little bit concerned about his production. How you feeling so far man? He just needed that point forward. Mm. Jimmy is a point forward. So now he got a capable player who could make plays, get to the basket, get to the free throw line that you gotta, you know, be aware of and that opens him up to run around the court and do stuff.


Shit. Run off them picks screens all night, run around, get to shoot them open. Threes get to play free. Gotta remember back in they heyday they had Eagle dollar who was a 0.4 facts. Sean Livingston who basically was, he is a point guard but he was big as a six, seven pointer forward them guys subbed in, gave Steph to be, let Steph be the two guard to run around then intruder didn't have the same effect. Right. You didn't have to draw. So he didn't draw that much attention. Yeah, he's a smaller guard. The point guard could guard him. Yeah. Now Steph got point guards guard him again and one thing about point guards, we don't get over screens really well You usually have designated two guards or three and D guys who would be on Steph now they gotta guard Jimmy because if you put a point guard on Jimmy, it's fucking curtains Christmas match.


Yeah he's posting them more. He's taking him to the basket. They too fucking small. So now those three and D Wings gotta guard Jimmy and now that opens up Steph having to chase around Curry or whoever it is. Excuse me. I mean Dame having to chase around Curry or whoever's guarding Fox. All these point guards gotta chase Curry around. Which they didn't have to in the past 'cause they had 3D wings doing it. So now a guy like me who hated chasing curry around, now I gotta guard 'cause I don't want to guard Jimmy. I'm too small. Damn. So now I just opens up the floor again for him. Now it's back like the old days. Yeah. And then it's crazy. I was seeing that even late in the game. They was sending the blitz at him, trapping him off the ball screens. Now you got Jimmy with a disadvantage of the four on three. Yeah. Simple pass for layup.


They converting every time And now you got two of 'em 'cause now you got Draymond. Yes sir. He back to setting them illegal screen again. He go get Steph open. At first it was, you know Draymond had a ball. Steph running around off Looney and them and Draymond trying to house Draymond, setting them screens and slipping with Jimmy with the ball. It's a little different dynamic. Most Definitely. And Quentin Post, you talked about him earlier. They like him. Yeah he stretching the floor hits a big freeze. That's right. Yeah he Can shoot the ball. I don't know man. They might do something man. Chemistry there you still, you still wanna sing? I I love listening to y'all talk about them sad ass names. I enjoyed that talk. That basketball breakdown talk still, you still Sleep on the Warriors?


Yes. See the thing was they had wig but Wig don't bring that same effect. Like I love wig but I could guard Wig. He might kill me but I ain't really scared of it. You know what I'm saying? Like he gonna get 20 but Wig might shoot six, seven jumpers. He might let me off the hook a little bit. He gonna kill me but he might let me off the hook. Jimmy not gonna let you off the hook. He see your little ball, he see a little bitty dude on him. Yeah, Jimmy is going to that block. Throw the ball up. Yeah I'm gonna score on him and that's the benefit of having Jimmy Butler. Great addition for them bro. Yeah a hundred percent For sure man. It's for the Bucks situation. I know Giannis is out. Probably be back after Allstar break.


How long today for? For Finn to be out? I mean you know you ain't got too much longer but I Then need to back soon mean nah until then end they straight bro. Okay. They in a good, like I said they they out each One and two this past week. Yeah, yeah, Yeah One one they fine. One on one they won and they just, yeah they want one on one Ksma get as comfortable as you possibly can. Nasty. Oh he ain't gonna get them shots though. Yeah that was what I said 21 years Straight. You saying getting comfortable. This will be your season Hot. That comfort is good. Get get comfortable with your locker room. Yeah. You cool with the guys Get used to getting by 8, 8, 8 To nine shots a game. Yeah, that's, Look find your wifi in the studio apartment lock in bro. How many Points he had this game? 21. 21 Might not see that ever again.


Alright. From the, from the super chat we got Harma web so shake his MVP 'cause this team has a better record. I thought the most valuable team got the chip. The MVP is the most impactful which is Joker. Is he the most impactful? 'cause I don't think Oklahoma City would be anywhere if they didn't have say Gil. Yeah bet G is not on that team. They are a lottery swimming for sure. Yeah I don't, you lost me on that one. Yeah, Well that's true but Joker is impactful too. Yeah, most, most definitely. It's nice to discredit what he said But it it is though because SGA without them Chet was gone. Facts. So you remove SGA from that team.


That's the number one team. Yeah. In a damn near the league almost. Yeah they They are mid for sure. Yeah they didn't have Chet Hol they number two pick in the draft if you remove him Sha you got Jalen Williams, Isaiah Hartenstein. I don't think you top 10 in the west with just that And you didn't have Isaiah fly 20 games too. Facts and shout to J Dub hooping but some reason he got to hoop is because of SGA. Yeah like the benefit of that. So yeah nah he's definitely, He Got robbed last year. He definitely damn tri to get MVP this year Out and Yoki he he's definitely that guy, his plus minus for that team is unbelievable. Oh he is everything. Yeah but they still have capable players on that team they I'm saying they do.


They do. They might be still bottom tier of the west but they got more capable players on that team than Oklahoma City. Yeah most definitely. You got Aaron go NPJ, Russell Westbrook and Jamal Murray. Yeah. You got two max players named around your team outside of him. We good question. Shout out to super chat for show Kings beat the match yesterday 1 29, 1 28 OT thrill. Yesterday DeMar Rose with the game winner. He had 42 7 and three. De Lavin had 17. Kyrie went crazy with 30 and nine. Clay had 19 but he had a really, really big shot that almost won in the game. But then DeMar DeRozan said I do what I do best and walk him down for the dub man almost 20 5K points. Man why don't DeMar DeRozan get the love he respect man 'cause he humble.


That's what I was about to say. He low key bro. He just go hoop. He's somebody who just go hoop and go home. Yeah Bro There's No, he ain't in the way At all. One of the best scorers of all time. Like He's super humble. Don't say nothing chill. Yeah he don't got no media attention. He ain't never in the news for Bullshit. What year is this? 15 16th from still averaging 22 points a game. Something slight too Play on a team with all two guards. Yeah I'm gonna get mine regardless. Yeah like And to start point guard average what? 25 like Put on a team with all two guards and I still average 22. That's a DeMar man. And he just the most likable dude bro.


Yeah. Yeah like even when we sat down with him with the podcast it's just easy to like to do like yeah bro cool as hell so I can tell why all his teammates worried about him and love being around him and shit. 'cause he just cool as hell. Come On man. Year 15. Yeah average 22 still going to Drew get 50 been like that for a long time man it's crazy. But unfortunately Daniel Gaffer got injury yesterday. Yeah They can't catch a break over there. You welcome to the damn Dallas Mavericks. Man they can't any big on that team is not welcome to play basketball on. But also shout out to the fans man buddy pulled up but the fire Nico signed the game man. It's hell going on man. Get rid of him bro. Nico, I don't think Nico get fired.


You Blew the spot up bro. I don't think he gonna get fired or something. No, I don't think that was his play. That was above his pay grade. Yeah. Yeah he, he ain't been there. That's that bitch right there. Oh that's a fan. He ain't been there. I thought that was a girl who's, who calls all the ruckus. Look at that sweater. Every teacher wore that sweater to before On me. Swear to God. Ooh Lord The quarter zip. Hey raw dog, he's a sick nigga. They should threw him out off the Entire, that's how, that's how big deal's. How we wear our clothes bro? No undergarments. That quarter Zip is, Why did y'all play that?


They escorted him about the game for that shit. Oh he, that's the dude that got ba, that's all he said. You can't say that. No bro. Listen down here right now. Get out. I with that. You know that headset was going crack. It was like pay. Pay. Yeah. That's funny as hell man. I love fans. You gonna kick me out for that. They thought he was gonna sing the song But I can say damn I can't, I can't say that. That's not the segment bro. Yeah you can voice it right outside. Tell him my study. Yeah Kicking me off of that is bullshit bro. Yeah That's crazy.


Y'all wild Down there right now bro. I'm damn near showing bro. Gimme My mother because I ain't even yell. I lipped it. You didn't even hear what I said. Saw enough. Get out my stadium. Know that bullshit and I could've said You lived it. It's Crazy. Crazy. That's fired Nigga said I that is crazy. I could have said that's fire Rico. I ain't say Nico. You don't know what I was saying. I was like I said close enough. What? What's that dance called? What Rico. Y'all remember that? What It was a dance called Whoop Rico. Look it up. It was called Rico. Whoop Rico. I just know.


Whoop that trick bro. Nah that's from Memphis. This was in Atlanta shit. Whoop Rico. Oh my god. Tell me Out nigga. I know everything I'm tapped in Bitch game.com. Yeah Well Rico I Told y'all go crazy. Oh shit. Murphy League And fbo. I told you super nigga y'all think I be making this shit up. I'm Tapped in. Shout out to whoop where they at? We need to fuck deal. Where they unsung got So You I'm tapped in.


That's random. That's what he said. Rico. They talking about they done kicked him out. You ain't Rico get the hell my stadium for show Wemby and Fox were crazy. Why the fuck is being laughing? Because This show is fucking ignorant. We're not ESPN worthy, we're not TT worthy. Good. If you want The real tap in with five 20 in the Morning, The fuck he Aint never. Oh man He don't know about whoop Rico. That is crazy bro. Bro. His nephew I know Know Chad crazy. Them niggas probably watch this show so I know they tapped in Man. His nephew be having me crack up.


That's the best thing CBA is doing bro. Adding his nephew to the show bro. Ah for sure. Hilarious. But wouldn't be at Fox for Crazy yesterday both get a 30 ball Beat. Wizards won 31. 1 21. What I'm saying we know it's the Wizards but 30 Ball. That's tough. My favorite duo 30 for 30 2K team. Yeah they getting real comfortable that My 2K team. Speaking of 2K, they got A nice three over there. Nah, nah. Y'all don't know nothing of the Chad don't know him. It is one of my homies. Okay. From the neighborhood A we beat your last name. K Hint. Hey Wes send this to Nana to that nigga. Get get healthy bro. Get we some with 2K First.


Get well soon bro. Man For sure man. You, you beat him By 40 bro. Oh That's, that's natural. Damn. Was Malcolm Online? Malcolm was there. Okay. I was carrying, I Say Malcolm didn't say y'all this time, This time Malcolm never say me nigga. Damn. Oh I'll be carrying him out. He starting to get heavy. Damn. Hey Is that true? He he'll sweat now Sweat. I'm a sweat. I take that he like that too. Oh okay, okay. Respect Cat. That's fat. You said it's one of your favorite duos now? Yeah it's probably one of my favorite duos man. I just like it 'cause they young, you know Wemby still on the rise for like we know he, his upside is crazy.


We know he got potential to be the best player in the league and we know we all fans of Fox. We think he one of the best point guards in the league. So having that duo one of the best upcoming centers and the best point guards in the game. The real Shaq and Kobe. Mm Not Jr. A E. Yeah I agree. Say that that didn't improve too well. But you know what I like about this team though, so Oh Niggas is on today That vessel be hooping as well. But the vets CP three also Harrison Barnes bro they, they make them play a lot more solid and people give 'em credit for it. Maybe I always show in the stats but hey they set a good structure down there. I like this team man. I think they a piece away from really doing something in the west. Yeah And Castle still, he only playing 20 minutes but come off the bench and still being effective.


Like he was I think at 17, 18 points last Night. 1616. He nice. He's so nice to me. I can't believe they kept him in that trade. Yeah That Sacramento you fucking sucked. Yeah they stole that Sacramento Sucked and it shows. We Just knew he was gone. What? We couldn't believe it. I was like the maybe the possibility everybody's like hell no and look at that shit. That's why everybody be talking bad about Sacramento. 'cause look, what kind of shit is that? I do not get, That's why I asked if Vladi was still there. That's some shit he'll do. V Lottie had the draft board on the whites on the board behind him. Why? He was on ESPN interview unserious program. How do you have your draft list on the whiteboard behind you as you music Bro. That is one of the funniest Clips I ever, you know What's funny, a fucking joke. You know what I had that happened to me before. For real.


So I went to my visit to Indiana and shout to Coach Samson. I love him to death. He broke me in his office and he had all the point guards on the wall. I was the eighth one Checking niggas office. Come here, He had 'em all on the wall. I swear to God he asked my dad, my dad was like yeah we're not going here. I was like, what I, I'm not even paying attention. I'm like what? He was like he trying to close it. My dad had already seen the niggas. He had Derrick Rose, somebody else, somebody else, somebody else. I was the eighth, like seventh, eighth one. He was like what the Fuck? Damn bro. Niggas is out of pocket. Man that was Shout out to Coach k Simpson. Man it was funny yesterday 'cause they had that I think it was Houston and Bay or so yesterday.


E ESP N was like yeah we should this shit to E-S-P-N-U but it's like your jazz game. Damn that was a big deal matchup. They cut that game off so smooth. Yeah we need to get our money back. We already rescheduled this game from Luca but man that's crazy. Shout out to him though man. Coach Sam Collegial life was crazy man. Coach Samson good people Shout out to Chu. He speaking about Coach Samson. Yeah. Shout To Chew his. Seen my dog chew this weekend. Man. Shout out to Chu too man. He was an all stars. Nah he was at, we was at a game man. I went to the playing field game. I went to go see his son and with my boy Lil Clint Hoop Okayy. He said what's up to the game? Shout To Chewy man. Coach Chewy for sure man. More games took place yesterday. Built to ass situation. Get your temper. Ws mad. Cavs beat him down 1 28 to 1 0 7.


He went crazy. He had 44. Del Loy could but it wasn't enough. Evan Moby had 28 and 10. Donvan Mitchell had 23. That's a better team man. Understood. Just one of them nights. It's a better team. We we sad bro. For Sure. But a he getting 40. That's the most important part. Yeah he on this Kobe shit bro. Like just score the ball bro. These niggas don't wanna hoop. For sure man. Definitely a very interesting off season coming for the award. I mean that W's Team Hawks beat the match yesterday won 12 to 1 0 6. Trae All had 19 to eight. But man it was crazy that they won that game yesterday because Ben Carroll and W went crazy. Both had 30 a piece 35th, 30. That's a good dub for the house. We just A better, we just a better team.


It's quiet but that's Like respect. But That's a, that's a hell of a win though. Swear. Yeah I wasn't expecting that at all. Terrence Mann? Yeah niggas is. Terrence Mann did his thing. He cold. Terrance Mann welcome to the dark side. You know he was in LA where it's sunny, He fit Atlanta, It's implants now. He even went down there with ass implants. Oh yeah. It's different But Bvl. Yeah it ain't nothing bull In LA body down there. You went From influence to bus shots. Welcome to the Dark Side baby Got the full Panther in ACL Boy. It was in LA in playing City baby.


I Just wonder what them, what that arena looked like now at the Lick game. That shit probably look crazy. Atlanta, We about to find out in about a week or so. We there it. Oh that's right. Yeah. We pulling up Respect. Shout out to the Hawks. Love y'all Nest beat the Hornets yesterday. 97, 89 The Melo got hurt unfortunately again. So anything we can take care from this game. So bro he is really This production team. So flu every game we always have. Who scored what? These niggas don't even have who scored? We don't know who played what Nigga who cares? He didn't score a hundred points. Look How they do 'em man. Game score a hundred Points. Yeah the Melo and Lalo. I told y'all he works in Zion.


I swear to God y'all, everybody always gives Zion or like Zion never play da da da. Lalo don't never play either. And I ain't mad. They both cold Lalo code but he don't ever play either. So those two or J one Beat who play more It It is a close call Up to those three great men man. Good. Well Soon. Can't get Don't matter. No I Don't care. I don't care. Sit that shit out Lamo. They ass don't hurt yourself. If he sat Yeah if he sat out the rest. Sure. Oh well. But if we being real, let's see how many games he played this year. He always tearing his ankles up. He Gonna have to get surgery for real.


I think he probably played 20 games this year and y'all was like he an Allstar You ever started. That's all I cared about. He Threw off one leg ever started All Star 20 games though. If I played all up I do the same shit bro. I've been here before bro. I mean I know I It his talent jump off the screen Like I already did it. There we go. There we go. Shout out to production team. It's Freak Mike Bar shooting some bell. Yeah, Yeah that's what we were saying. It's all good. Yeah It don't Matter how many games he played, he done miss 12 games. That's A lot of games to miss. Well on a team like that, that really needs you.


Yeah. Play Field that ain't play 39. Yeah playing 39 that bad on I I fuck with it bro. But it is. Your team needs you bro. For some reason I feel like he missed more than that Because he might be. He might 12 games he I another 12 coming up. Well after Allstar I missed the rest of them bro. Capture the flag. Nah, he can sit out this year. He can capture the flag bro. Mean games Total played. How many he played last year? He ain't play none last year. Right. But he, he missed 33 games this year. I was about to say I feel like he missed way more than that. I was like 12. He has played 33 games this season That has has played Bro.


Mike, man I'm not listening to you no more. Fuck that. Let's move on. Get away from Too Much attention for this guy back scared. Jumped off the ropes on my boy. Yeah Nigga tired. God damn. Get your rest at night. Hell ul Fuck look, hey damn he played 33 games shit. Oh man Y'all man we gotta come with Commentated WWE management, we have to. It's too much. We got To too much relatable shit that we talk about man that comes into that. We got a real wrestler on our team too. Not me Mike Nigga. I'm not the real wrestler nigga.


Oh man. Oh Man y'all crazy. Cell six three yesterday 1 0 3 to 85 Belt to Edge situation. JC had 33 and eight and had 22 and 12. Shout to him for hooping and you know what I'm saying, his shortest shoe debuting that was fire to me. H Wilson Shoe, the pink joint he debuted yesterday. That was fire. Yeah them is hard. I do Fuck with them. I ain't really, I ain't really get a good look at 'em. Oh yeah The A ones they elite. Yeah they got, they got some cooking over at the Nike basketball. They call 'em the A ones. I do like those. They nice. Okay. Yeah they look like is a little bit They bottom for sure. Yeah it Look like a little baby. I see The vision. I like the Nike sign on the spacing. Yeah that's gonna be especially the different colorways they can do with that.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah They they they went crazy with that for sure. That's a good shoe for the women. Them Decent. Yeah them decent. Yeah These basketball their ass. But the women's line, I told y'all the women's line's gonna be Nike back in the Nike basketball stuff. But I like that for the women though 'cause they can get outta our shoes like watching a woman hoop in a size 14. LeBron is crazy. Mexican shoes is B Fit. Yeah. Yeah. Swaggy for, I hate women hoop in 14 LeBron's. I don't like it either. Yeah. Ah a lot of the bigs in the WNA had to wear them bronze bro. It wasn't who was this? It wasn't rocking. Yeah, who was, who was that a celebrity game? Hey Coco Jones up there on a basketball reference. What the Fuck? Who? Coco Jones on Twitter.


Respect Trisha. Oh my god. She just had that on this white t-shirt. I know this is GLO five 20 but hey I don't look at women on the internet. Respect. You don't wanna be sending me the shit from the explorer page. Yeah the hoop shit. The real hoop shit. He a liar. I said what? What did I see you the other day? We was rolling. I said something the other day we was rolling. What? I don't know. I sent you something. Damn. I think it was a rap battle. Oh yeah? Yeah that he sent me some positive shit so. Well it's mostly the 1 0 1 match up bro. The real ice up.


Not Unrival Thunder be, I ain't gonna lie. You do be sending me the passport bro. I'll be like this nigga is living. Oh I don't even know this niggas, I know you don't. He be living through them. The passport bro is Crazy. Nah, that nevermind. I talk about on five 20. Oh yeah. Oh man. Uncle said he beat the back 1 37 to 1 0 1. Yeah, said homegrown Back. He is back man. SGA had 31 went crazy, built a ass situation. Trae All Murphy beat Hoop Man had 23 as well. Freaky Z had 17 but you know they're just out here whooping ass right now.


Nuggets beat the Blazers terribly Yesterday 1 46 and one 17. Yo went crazy man. Seven Eight. That was gonna be like Get healthy man. My boy eight went down man. Yeah I hate that. I hate to see it man. I thought you would get injured before the game. Contact injury. No noncontact injury man to the knee man. Yeah that shit sucks. Especially with Big Man. He was selling to my boy Chris LeBron hoop yesterday as well. He had 26, 6 couple games tonight. We wanna see how y'all feel about him. Raptors as 76 ERs. 76 ERs. Okay I'll probably go to sleep in that game. Knicks at Pace. Knicks? Yeah. I thought you, I'm thought you was at home for one.


Alright, shout some Pacers. We covering tonight. Pistons at Bulls. Pistons. I'm gonna go Bulls say always randomly win a game they ain't supposed to win. And last but not least, Grizzlies at Suns Grizz. I'm wore Grizzlies as well. Verified buckets B He who was getting to it yesterday Man I want to give it to him but we, we got smoke. I'm gonna give it to DeMar. Being the OG in the game. Still killing shit man. Averaging 20 after all these years being in the NBA, being a high class professional it go to DeMar for me bro. Most definitely man. 42 piece in the game. Winner. Gotta show some respect. I'm gonna show some love to your favorite duo man. Win and Fox both is getting 30 balls man that's gonna be a great duo for the league going forward.


But you got teg. I had Them but we gonna take yo shit. Yo is doing what yo do. 47 to eight always an MVP candidate the last five years. So congratulations to him on being one of the best in the league. Most definitely. And last but not least man, we showing a some love. We don't give a damn if he lost. You have 44 Steph at 38 too. May guy show some respect. You know say people's question if he was still that guy he showing that all needs a little bit of help. Think he back on that step time. Alright, get well soon we'll be here. Who need some encouragement this morning Kyle K from air ball to free throw. Yeah that was crazy Getting them jitters out though. I respect it. Nah, that's that's nuts. Not yeah He better be looking out Air ball Free throws crazy.


Better Luck. Gian didn't see that. Oh he seen it. He put up and Phil why you passing the ball? That's why I wanna know how you airball a free throw though. Nah you I understand But I don't in the league. I don't understand. Hell nah. See look I look at the reaction I done break the motherfucker bad as hell but yeah every about free Throws sometimes slip off. I about everybody a free throw in college though. I guess North Carolina The game. You cute. Yo. I got a L one, got a crowd went to the free throw line Air balled that bitch. I was talking crazy too.


This motherfucker can't garbage. You can watch it. I like literally talking to Roy Williams like this nigga can't fuck with me. Da went to the free throw line Airball that bitch. Well you get to make that up though 'cause you killed him that game. Yeah that was funny. Crazy. Two times how Ro I turned nigga looked at him like get this nigga off of me. He can't fuck with me. Airball the free throw. That's Hilarious man. Might get what Hoop got a win man you hoop out your out yesterday boy. Bilal caught him slipping D Baal. Hey that's a quick dunk too. Somebody else poked on Wemby this year or too. Whoa.


You just gonna let that ride all right. Oh That was a pause to me man. Somebody else poked on that ain't said Fuck off that nigga. Somebody poked on him bro. Don. It's crazy. I ain't no nigga said that when they hooping my Ho like Al Bow I poked on her. I don't think I ever said that one respect though. Shout out to that community Respect as well. Take who you got Man? Shit I had al I was playing. Nah the Ts get healthy but y'all was broke as hell. Y be y'all first 16 shots bro. Nasty. That first field goal at the end of the fucking first quarter with two minutes to go.


We had a game like that last year when I was in high school. We ain't scored our first point to 30 seconds left in the quarter. That Was rough. My nigga looked like Martin for rebound out Was that was a rough game last year. We, we scored two points in the first quarter. Really? That was A scary eight minutes Man. I was like boy if we don't score, I score two guys we don't score. That was crazy. I think if we didn't score that game I would've retired from coaching. Be your last game. Yeah. Not score in a whole quarter. Yeah that's rough bro. Yeah we, yeah that was tough from The super chat Drew League say Hey Jeff, how's your Pike team with what kind of offense you run? Hey bro we don't, we can't talk about that.


They're doing well and they running motion. Yeah I can't, I can't talk about, I can't talk about that bro. Sorry You can get your $10 by Yeah. Mike refund You. I oh my fault. Mike said well just know we we, we have fun. We run a free flowing offense pretty much. That's it. Yeah, just vibes for Sure. Alright. Be here. People trying to wear some money. What you got for 'em? Yeah, Mike told me to keep it light. Remember kings of Crown is always yours so this is just a, a baby one. Everybody can put this one in. Okay. Ja. Rent 25 kd. 25 Scotty Barnes 20 K is going to kill the patient tonight at 25. KD is gonna have 25, $10 just for 1 75 man.


Okay. It ain't nothing. Just a simple bet. So you Said keep it simple. I got you. Yeah. Ten one seventy five. Everybody got 10 for the one seventy five bro. Pay your whole phone bill For sure man. Get you a lil Jordan out the way. Yeah, for sure man. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow. If you in the chat send freaky Mike some money for his birthday. Five 20 in the Morning LA The Volume.