
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We've all got a thing an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer hand badge are the real deal on eBay. Doors to open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


When it's tip off time At my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. Oh shit. Happy Christmas Eve. We started off with technical difficulties at k playing the production team. Man, it's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show in the world here to keep you update everything's sports related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to the left. Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother t Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening man? Shout out to all my people at, you know what I mean? Clocking in the Amazon baby. We didn't know it was that many of y'all. So respect. Hey man, hold it down man. Shout out to the teachers, the bus drivers, the drivers. Everybody who tune into us. We appreciate y'all. Appreciate y'all being a part of y'all routine. For sure man. For sure, for sure. Get well soon. Travis Hunter, listen man.


Devin Haney, you go the list as well. But it's Chris. We gonna let y'all slides win. Get will soon man. Get will. I don't know, I I don't even wanna mess with Travis on. I like him a lot but like damn they they bothered my man so much. He had that he activate Instagram. Hey man listen got off the live stream. Let that man cook man. Yeah man. If he happy with it, he happy with it. Let that man do his thing but damn. Hey yeah you niggas who put out merch y'all outta pocket. We'll like where y'all find all this shit at like niggas is making it at the crib bro. No I'm saying like how they find all this old shit. He been day here for a minute. Like why y'all just now bringing it up? Hey man, you know why? We'll we'll say that for the podcast man. That's a little wicked. We gonna keep it light for the Christmas man.


Timing is everything. Timing is everything. Thomas is everything grinding is everything I put to in everything. Hey man, before we get to today's episode, man there was a lot of basketball play last night man. Shout to the homie David on Twitter. He sent me this pick yesterday. I threw it in the group chat for y'all. But there is a picture of LeBron James dunking the shit out Pop Millsap. And it's funny 'cause he was like, Jeff Teague is really around for everything interesting in the NBA and you right here in this picture and near the bench. What happened in this game? LeBron up, we was winning and Brian ended up dunking on P and we was up like eight like a minute ago and they end up making a crazy run and taking it into overtime and beating us in overtime. But Paul was trying.


I told Paul to get the fuck out the way. What are you doing? Paul got that momentum going. They ain't called, they ain't call block. They ain't call charges said ooh they got, we took the ball out the what is he doing? I said you a bold man that in in front of LeBron James and Real for sure but the, the face that you painted in that picture man you nigga like what the fuck? I'm like whatcha doing? Like because it's a minute ago like let him dunk it and get out the way so he can shoot free throw. Damn that's crazy. Somehow we still lost that game. That's back in the nasty Jersey era days too that he wore some bullshit jerseys back in the day too. We just fucked with it 'cause everybody liked the heat at the time. But that all red with the white outline. That's a nasty jersey bro. Yeah that's a disgusting jersey. Our Hawks jersey was weak.


I hated the American flag swag. Yeah y'all jerseys was cool. You could never get fresh in there. It was like man Yeah that the, the Miami heat shit was worse than y'all though bro. Nah, when they wore the black though, the shit was decent. All black with the white outline fired or all any of they black jerseys was fired compared to the the Hawks. We had the Red American flag drinks this league shout out to the New Jersey designers in the NBA now. Nike. Nike. Yeah that was, those are deida days they had right there. Damn. Hey what's crazy is some of the best basketball we saw I up more than them. They hard though. Well he jersey I always like the heat jerseys. Yeah the old old school heat jerseys the that's that run team. I mean not run team C but Tim Hardaway boy back, back in time and yeah I like them jerseys all the time and we sisters are hot as fuck it man it's crazy.


Like those old Christmas battles we all talked about that mid two thousands, well 2010 era they was wearing them sleeve jerseys bro. Like some of the best basketball was played in them jerseys. I wanted a sleeve jersey so bad my, that's my swag. I hooped in t-shirts and shit like that was my swag. I like that shit. The Hawks never quite made it to pro time just for hoop reasons. I fucked with that to wear a, to wear a hoop jersey like with a fit. It's crazy with if you wearing that jersey as a tee with some jeans you was filthy. You know niggas used to get their regular jersey off with some jeans but if you had a tee jersey, yeah you're a different type of bull. You might as well be wearing a drop fit to the club. That's definitely, you might as well pull off a tee swag you drop into the club because I was gonna say I don't know what type of pet you could wear with that, that that could be acceptable but the cut was so low like you look super nasty.


It was though. And remember LeBron kept like damn near ripping the motherfucker sleeve. I mean obviously LeBron's a super soldier but he kept damn really like ripping them dirty though and the sleeves and stuff. But they wore 'em in the chip though. The one, the chip when the in Cleveland they wore the black ones and that's the pissed off part because you know Kyrie my goat, I don't ever want that jersey. I I wanted a sleeve jersey so bad. I was like this is, they made this sleeve. Yeah you was hooping I I fuck with that just for the reminisce. Yeah but as, as far as the reminisce to put that on the wall, I don't want that sleeve jersey in my house bro. That's nasty work. You never once put the t-shirt under your jersey in the league. I did a couple times but they made you wear like super tight ones like it had to be for a medical reason and so I tried to act like my shoulder was hurting then the fucked up thing my shoulder really started hurting so you playing around that's like a motherfucker walking around with crutches on.


Yeah I was bullshit. I told 'em like yeah my shoulder hurt a little bit. They did all these motherfucking things testing my shit out. I'm like cool. Yeah I wondered if you ever hoop in the team put a shirt under my shit. It's when I was wearing double zero too. Oh damn it's late team? Yeah. Oh that's the, that was the retweet and then my shit started hurting. For real like what the fuck in that jersey that under shirt was hot as fuck. Damn. That's crazy man. Shout out to the sleeve jerseys man. I came a long way drop Fit said we ain't going fuck none of that. Hey that's crazy. You can Google yourself shit. Hey that nigga got hell of Jersey numbers shit pop up nigga. I got like five jerseys. I wore zero. I wore zero most for my career. Hey you know what's crazy, Jamal Crawford went through and named all his coaches in order. I thought that was nuts. He had 20 coaches.


Yeah I don't think I could name all my coaches. Yeah I could. I ain't have that many though. Twenties crazy is crazy. Yeah, twenties a moved around though for sure. Mand. It gets spooky Bud Vogel. Nope Nate, Malcolm McMillan you didn't have all up Nate Tibs shit. Who was at the Ts Atlanta you had Boy Lloyd L was it Lloyd? Yeah Lloyd Pierce then it was where I went after that I went to Boston Brad, then I went to Milwaukee Bud again. Damn that wasn't that bad. Oh coaches fuck the shoe though.


That's love. Yeah I had same coaches every time for sure man. Speaking of hey man stop pulling up them stats man. Fuck you bro. I'm saying hey dude that's six points in Boston. Damn I was ass. Hey why? Why y'all you shot good from the field though. 43 wasn't bad. That's not bad. I ain't get enough attempts. I still average six niggas is getting money off of six. No me. Nah I'm thinking might clear. 2030. Hey go to see what my nigga Max see what Maxy make it right here. I mean how many points he average Max Christie? Not Max HV Christie Where at this year.


Oh my. That's crazy. Nah that's crazy. That's the same stat sheet. I'm do eight. We got the same stats bro. I'm do eight bro that's that's 30 million bro. I'm new four year 32. I was dude man you your repar king man. I was dude shout out to Mike Conley another shout out I told you Na talent legend dam. Y'all winning it. I was dude man staying it to win it goddammit. Hey man, speaking of LeBron you called yesterday man it pissing came over LeBron Triple Ws A took care of a 1 17, 1 14 that's over. I had 28 11, 11 ad 1910 and six. My boy K another double dub 20 and 10 Lee Beasley 21 and five Lee Beasley be hooping every time.


He ain't on my parlay. He hoop, he do hoop every time. He ain't on my parlay. He hit every three in the world. I've been Big K cooking him up all year. Have you No shout out to dj. He been say he been hooping that year but I've been a Pistons fan all year. I told y'all the Pistons was a quality team. They had some, some decent veterans that they added to that core and them young guys and I think they starting to build some chemistry over there and they getting that new coach jb he starting to figure it out with him. Rasha, he went Coach Carter on him niggas. But listen man K Cunningham going crazy Player of the week average 24, 10 to seven. It's Allstar numbers y'all we talking about between him and MLO yesterday. It's gonna be a tough spot for that. But he keep killing like this bro. He gonna have to be one.


Nah he a Allstar. You can't deny it. You been saying it all year but them stats are crazy man averaging non assist or them are 10 and 24 points and leading a, leading a team that's all kind of making some progress. Like they might be a playoff team. I mean what they 10th in the the east? I mean they're, they're a playing team for definitely a playin team and they not too far, I mean they get on a little road a little strict they could actually be in a playoff hunt. So shout out to the JB bigger staff though. Now listen man, I know it's early in the season but did we ever think there was a point that the 76 ERs will be chasing the Detroit pisses for the last playing spot? Nah, it just nasty work. It just dismantled over there in Philadelphia.


Man it just shit ain't normal. I mean they gotta win last night though. Yeah we gonna talk about that win for sure. Nasty game. But listen, I saw this on Twitter and started cracking up yesterday. I said don't nobody get to the locker room faster than LeBron after a loss. Shout to LeBron. That's true bro. That shot they walked. Ain't nothing talk about nobody hearing the it is what it is man. I would've loved him to see him hit that shot and see his, I shook you niggas hands enough times man. I'm a bad sport now as he should be. I should've crashed off if he would've hit it get him gone. That's funny. That's the only person we know that really never tried to fight LeBron. I tried. Yeah you did his stick LeBron.


I he's probably been a couple niggas though. I ain't really try to fight bro. Dude, I remember LeBron was talking bad to somebody. Who was he talking bad to? It was recently bro be talking crazy to people and I yeah I forgot. Dang I was laughing 'cause they was arguing it was a young bull. He was talking people's faces. Yeah he, the way he talked about campaign is still one of my favorite. That he was just home. Yeah that was one of the biggest hate moments in LeBron but it was still funniest as fuck. He was just talking back to somebody on the side. It wasn't hate, it was him keeping it real though bro. Nah that's hate bro. Why I'm hooping right now. Don't do that bro. And I don't even like campaign like that to be vouching for him bro. But hey man, let my nigga have his moment bro. Bro. Oh God dang. I can't. I'm Brian bro. We humble bro.


Talk to the other nigga bro. Bro was just talking, he was on the sideline. It was somebody, it's somebody we know and he was talking bad to him but the dude was just looking at him like he was kind of starstruck. Dang. I can't remember. Oh that sucks. We gotta find that. Never me. Yeah, you was talking bad to him. I know you go but it been fuck you right now. Yeah JJ is there anything he can do right now to help this team man or is it just his? Let's right now bro. It's cool bro. It's your first year bro. It is. This was, this spot was groomed for you. We okay bro. They trying to make you the new pat. It happened when it happened bro. Jeff said when LeBron leave it'll be a better team. Like no it'd be, it'd be better for him right away.


Yeah, right away. I mean I don't know, it'd be good. I don't know if they'll be better. I mean replacing LeBron is crazy but yeah, for him coaching it won't be that many expectations. You like damn we lost LeBron. We lost the greatest player to ever play that bought me a year. Yeah another year. That gimme me like, you know what I mean? Straight up. Gimme a chance to try to coach something. Y'all gotta bring some players in. We in rebuild mode a little bit. Now I could talk to these dudes a little different. Yeah, I just coached LeBron James. He would've never, you know I mean Yeah well he coaches. Coaches love doing that. Yeah you coach. I knew that shit. Talk to the kid. Who the fuck do you name? I was just scouting. I be like, I just scouted. I know. I know exactly what they're looking for.


Boy asking who right now don't do pipe like that. No I love pipe. I'm just saying. Talking about who your, the greatest player in the world nigga who the fuck is we talking about? Yeah, I'm just saying and you niggas he you JJ can't say that LeBron is 50. You can't say you just coached this 50-year-old nigga bro. Right. That is not a good example. He still, he's still LeBron James bro, I'm sleep bro. He's still LeBron. I don't care bro. Do not say that to me if I want a Lakers nigga fuck you. He still coach LeBron bro. You playing with this nigga his pro. You didn't coach him with his prom nigga watch out. Yeah bro. You playing me Scar your pro bro. Don't talking about somebody. He actually made Brian fall one time. I saw it.


It's a clip. Damn. Got Brian. He don't wanna snatch back. Brian touched the earth. Damn.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're also a Draftking sports book and official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some TDS or DraftKings sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draft King sports book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and critics choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is, they don't Want me to be Timothy Chala. Me astonishes as Bob Dylan in one of the best performances of the year. Dime And critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason for it This Christmas They just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it Feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars. It's pure cinematic magic.


Turn It down. Play live direction And name to a FI and the National Board of Reviews. Top 10 films of the year. Make some noise bd. Track some mud on corporate. Complete unknown. A complete unknown only in theater's. Christmas Day Rudy Dar under 1790, middle without parrot.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast,


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures Pods where designer handbags are the real deal And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any door with yourself Job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This is completely off topic but I seen you posters. Was the PG on George Knee Ynk? Was that a push off or that was just, I was just laughing at Georgia. I'm gonna let y'all see what he wrote me. It's funny as fuck. Shout to the mini fan. Five 20 alumni for show. Georgia's funny. I posted it and he tagged it then he wrote me so funny as hell. Tags him in some of him getting shook. That's how FB Georgia relationship, that's K shit. Tap me in. I get duck on some shit. He tap me but I wrote, he wrote me some funny ass shit. Shout out to the minivan man. Get well soon. Lakers man. Get well soon. Hey man, shout out to the Pacers. You know what I'm saying? We doing really, really good right now. I told y'all I was back up, y'all ain't believe me but it's cool.


Took care of busy yesterday. Gets to Warriors 1 11, 1 0 5. We undefeated the Chase Center renamed at the Paceon Center today. Beat us. I remember Draymond was on our podcast, you know what I'm saying in Vegas. Shout to Draymond. That's the homie talking about every Tom. Steph seeing them hard what he was gonna do. Yeah, padlocks. It got winged last night. It got real spooky last night. I know Steph to God go pg but we handled business yesterday. Is is Steph starting to age a little bit? I think he's just having a bad week. I ain't even gonna put that smut on him. Okay. We just wondering. I mean we don't ever, ever see him have two bad games but that Oh yeah. I never see Steph shoot this poorly in one week. So it's kind of a struggle but obviously when he 35, 36 years old, he's still having a hell of a year.


But it's like damn the greats that we all know are starting to like it's slow down a little bit. LeBron getting older, Steph getting older kd it's like damn the NBA really about to have a turn and I'm not excited to see it actually. It's in good hands to me. Is it who? Who hands do you think it's in? That's great. It's a great conversation. You still got Joker, you still got Gianni, you got an, you got Ja, you got Shay, you got shit. Who else jt. Nope. Them Boston boys. Do you look at 'em as like tillers though? Like do y'all look at them as like all time, all time greats? Yes. Shay Ja, Anthony Edwards are killers All Fame.


I think they good players. I'm not saying oh they all hall of Famers for sure. But do you think like, like these people that are retiring are like top five players, top 10 players that ever play and you think the people that handing over is like top 10, top five players to ever play? No, I think because the nostalgia around those players and how they came up and how we adore them isn't the same with the people now I don't think that there's a big drop off in skill. Obviously those are generational talents but we don't look at Shaa the same as we look at some of those people. We don't look at Joker the same way. Some of it can be to the international play of course some of it could be the way that the NBA's market, some of the young stars as well. It's a lot of things that play with the situation. Well Luca and Joker are better than a lot of people that played in the two thousands, nineties, sixties.


But they won't get the same love because of how hard it is to watch certain people now I'm not, yeah I I I think they are. I think they're obviously, I think they're better than some of the players that's from the past. But I'm saying like I think all three of them players like Katie Brown and Steph, they changed the game to a point where like they had a run where people wanted to beat him. I think Anthony Edwards and driving around people want to beat him because of off the court like they swag and how they bring it. But like people knew you couldn't be Brian but people idolized Brian like you know what I mean? Can't nobody be Brian but if you was tall you want to be KD facts like Isaiah wanna be kd, you know what I mean?


Like I think all them dudes Steph Curry, if you was a guard you wanna shoot from half court, you wanna be step cur. I don't know if there's anybody else you can pass it to that people like yeah I'm gonna try to model my game or beat this guy because think about it. Everybody wanted to be James Harden step backs and stuff. He on his way out soon. Yeah got a couple more years like I don't know but look how quick we wrote James off. Not we but look how people wrote him off after Brooklyn. People saw Jay is gonna be out the league. I like the young talent. I'm not saying not co I'm just wondering like because I think that's how people, I think that's how how we we owe bro. Yeah we owe his and I feel like when we was coming up, our older people that was around us that was 30 and 40, they still praised Tim Hardaway motherfucking bro.


Not Brian but Kobe and Shaq and we never thought our era would take over their era or they didn't think so. Oh. But it kind of, you kind of seen the writing though. Like LeBron came iversson and shit. It was kind of hard to tell a nigga somebody was better than Iversson when we was growing up telling the old head that nah but like yeah you right, but when that LeBron came was labeled the chosen one, you knew the NBA was going like this dude's gonna be the guy. Like no, he was going to be the guy but we didn't, I mean I can't say nobody knew that D Wade was gonna be as spectacular as he was. Nah we didn't know that coming into the league and he was damn near 22 years old. But I'm saying we knew they was handed it to Brian. Nah for sure if they passed like we knew they was handed it to.


I don't know who this next torch is getting to like that. That's what I'm saying. Yeah that's my conversation. I was like we know that the talent is there and the only reason I bring up the harder to watch it is because in that area you was talking about local teams are on their local TV screens. So even the people our age, we fucked with it but we're at the age now to where we're buying the tickets. So the kids, they can't buy tickets so they only see it on TV or these ways. Like you said, who doesn the league go through that Anthony. Anthony Edwards and them might be on a Russell Westbrook Derrick Rose status but I they might not be on the LeBron's F KD status. Yeah, yeah I can see that. I mean LeBron's the heat for the NBA for a lot of different things and being a great spokesperson. That's kind of hard to put him though because like I don't give a fuck about no other generation before that.


I mean you had Jordan but it kind of skipped and then it went to Nah it was Jordan then they pushed Kobe. Think about it. Yeah Kobe. 'cause they had Kobe going, Kobe made the Allstar game wasn't it second year he did and they had him going against Mike and it was like Mike supposed to be passing the torch to the young bull and then he also won then too after Kobe ended up getting in little trouble whatever it was. So you know what I mean? It didn't go how it was playing. Yeah it they don't got no Kobe. Nah no. And then LeBron was there. It was just like that niggas don't got no Kobe. Oh no, y'all leaving the league and Zion wig and to Tyrese. Halliburton hands shout to Tyrese. Got two yesterday bro. Bro passes. I got the receipts my nigga don't bro.


LeBron passes the kd like when LeBron and KD started having them battles. Yeah he passes the KD but still was there then was dumb state and fucked it up. And then Steph came out nowhere to be honest. He made a name Davis and Steph. We never thought he would change the league. Not change the league. He came out and changed basketball drastically. He was, he was dolo by himself. Yeah, did. But I think keeping the league alive, my boy Anna keep it alive at least. I mean a league ain't to watch it ain't going nowhere. I'm in Vic, Victor, Ja Mar and Victor, you know we don't know what he finna do. Yeah about the league because he's, because Brian went to a shitty situation too. I ain't comparing him to Brian. I'm just saying them Brian Cavalier team, I Marshall, Diane Marshall, you know I fuck with you nasty.


But hey remember what Rick Davis said they brought him in to help me. That was a real minivan back in the day. You know what I mean? Kanye Marshall. Yeah. So it's kind of like the same with Wendy. You know Wendy is looked at as the next megastar but also I think the thing that kind of helped him a lot too is social media wasn't as prevalent so we knew who they were word of mouth and if you saw them at tournaments and then while they was on our tv they was Polish players. You seen a lot of these kids grow up and now they men in the NBA, the all lure ain't always there. Like with Jordan we knew certain stuff but nothing was confirmed 'cause there wasn't no social media. Yeah we would look at Jordan different if it was social media, we knew he's still a goat. Still elite. But we would talk about him differently if we saw some of the things that we heard about. Yeah, I dunno. I just think when these, when when all of our people that's our age out the league, it's gonna be straight.


I mean it's still gonna be. Yeah. Oh it might be better to watch for real because we still, we out of pocket for having expectations for kd bro. He 40 niggas just hooping bro. We know it's crazy. At one point we thought that Zion was gonna be like the next like phenom injuries though bro. That shit plays his part. That's like Derrick most definitely like Derrick Rose bro. Nobody was fucking with Derrick Rose bro. He was on his way up. You know Thib wanna play this nigga 102 minutes a game. He, I ain't gonna lie, D Rose, he but he was a little one pick for a reason bro. He, he was a, he still a icon. Nah. Yeah but I'm saying you know he had to stop really going crazy because he got injured. Yeah, I think Zion was on his way too nigga. You know that bad body shit you know.


Yeah he really, he got Kenny Smith needs if you look at him for real though, you check him out. Who? Zion? Yeah go watch him more. Oh damn. I know if that's some basketball though that that nigga built like a drag queen. Hey she outta pocket. She, you know you get old when you start laughing nigga got a jolly laugh for sure. Z having the these Hey I see the dude that that acting like Lalo. Yes bro. Bro. He looked just like bro I don't care Dave. I see dang posted bro. I bro that that's him bro. He started rolling. I said I don't care what nobody say bro look like Lalo bro.


That was random but shout to the patience belt as situation yesterday. We are the, the Chase center, that's ours. Interesting words from Steve Curry yesterday and Malcolm he killed yesterday too Smooth 26, 8 and four. Basically he was just like, I'm not gonna stop coaching you. Like yeah she was killing but you did some bullshit, you took some terrible shots. Like I'm gonna still coach you regardless of how you feel about me and vice versa. That's, that's situation still just kind of weird to me man. I don't know how that's gonna work out. I hope he get paid whether it be there or somewhere else but that back and forth just seemed kind of off to me man. Kamin is the prime definition of like a young a talent. Like he don't really know how to play but he just talented. That's like most of the kids growing up now.


I hate to sound like the old head to say that but like yeah when you watch basketball or you coach it or you be around, people really don't know the fundamentals of the game or really know how to play it. They just super talented athletic and stuff like that. And that's what the difference between a Yoic, a Luca, all these European players that come to the league, they're skilled but they understand the game. They got high I high IQs, they know how to play and right now we just got a bunch of athletes who are super talented for sure. And I think that's another reason why the NBA really trying to, you know what I'm saying, play they flag in Europe because they're like all right, if we're getting these talents coming over here playing a game this way if we go ahead and tap in early we can make sure our product is elite from the beginning from this inception and that's gonna cause a lot of trouble or force people to play the right way.


One or the other. We just gotta get back to the fundamentals in America. Mm. Like we super talented, we so everybody could shoot, everybody got so much skill we just don't know how to play the game right away. And then when you see all these talented players, they learn how to start playing the game. Like you see Jalen Green, he was like that his rookie year, his you know early second year. Yeah that's true. The super athlete didn't really understand the game. Now he's starting to understand the game and now you like damn Jalen Green is a player player, you know what I mean? He's starting to understand it and now their team is better so hopefully Minga, I mean he's good but he just gotta figure it out. Yeah that's for sure too. Like you said you get some of these kids wanna donor they go like in his situation the G League unit night, both of them may actually bro you be giving up on lottery picks like 23, 24.


It's just like they could be code at 25 but like you said the tolerance for that shit is low because everybody's coming for your job the next year. Yeah, you better figure it out quick for sure. Pacers, you know what I'm saying, five straight six outta the last seven. I think we can get back to what we was on last year. Barbie, she ain't working today. Shout out to the Pacers man. So that's your answer. All the smu, all the SM people we trying to put on Miles Turner bro. He a, he actually a really good player bro. Yeah he is not one of the best bigs and he I him a hard time but he's a top big and I finally seen that they not going to even talk about trading him good. I mean he just give him an extension, let him be a pacer for life because you ain't gonna find another big like him.


Listen that fits perfectly with Tyree Hallberg. That's been my conversation with Miles the last couple years. Everybody and I always apply to him 'cause that him and them Saboni situation was bullshit for both of them. I'm happy that they finally let them go be free together. But I always said all right y'all can say what y'all want to about Miles. I complained about him too but if you wanna move on from him, who do you get in return? There's nobody you gonna get who can give you the value. Especially for this team And like listen man, when he's scoring over 20, this team is undefeated so I know it. It's a lot to get him going sometimes pause but listen when he's playing well we're a really good team man. Shout out to the patience we back up 'cause the east ain't shit. Speaking of the east crazy game yesterday, 76 ERs over the Spurs yesterday 1 11, 1 0 6 and B crashed out first half.


You, you should put him at a parlay over a under if he was gonna play the whole game because that was crazy. I don't know what he was on yesterday but then we had Andre drummer get ejected and then got let back in the game because the ref found out that Victor Ada like flopped and she went to the ref and said hey I mean the ref lady ref went to the coach and was like hey I fucked up, we gonna get this shit right. That's crazy. Yeah I'm sick of her. How do y'all feel about that? How y'all feel about reps apologizing? I'm sick of it. They all need to apologize. Why they ain't apologizing to me the other day starting with these high school reps, Mike Chicken phone. I, I don't know, I don't like reps bro. I I'm gonna keep it real. They a waste of time.


They they in the way somebody has to fish at the game. We don't just need one. You a nigga that's been in the jail. I ain't gonna lie sir. That's a tough job though to have like all joking aside like every play, every call somebody else is gonna complain about it. Somebody's not gonna like the call, you know what I mean? So that's a brutal job. But for her to fall for the Okie dope with Victor, you out of pocket. But I'm glad she made up for it. She you knows I fucked up. What? What's my boy name that we cool with? The white ref Cocky Woods Rob. Oh Rob. That's the only ref I like Rob Shout town's finest. That's my dog man. They did to get you up in the league man it's getting wicked. Nah for sure. Hey nah we gotta get robbed in the NBA talking campaign next year right there man.


For sure man. Well nah I ribs y'all got a hard job. I'm talking shit. Y'all got a hard job. Yeah especially dealing with these grown men it's, it's tough and they be talking in the N nba it's no days off. Yeah I know somebody called her ho something. Yeah you know they was very, very, that was her right there. Yeah. Yeah And listen what she look like, I know it's crazy but respect to her for saying I fucked up. Yeah that's crazy man. That's to job but trying to hear none of that shit. No of y'all want equality. Yes we do. Everybody deserves opportunity for equal jobs sir. I trying to be happy I y'all save us. Try to save us. Joel be doing too much though.


That wasn't even for him. That was for Andre drummer shit but yeah Joel should have kept his ass out man. He do be doing too much though. Yeah but your boy Maxi went crazy yesterday. 32 10 to eight. That's life for us man. Trinity like pg 19 to nine win went crazy yesterday 26 and nine eight blocks as well. Man he's unbelievable with that eight blocks for real bro. That shit's crazy. Yeah he that he's gonna, at one point he's gonna have a crazy like average for blocks and he's gonna be the best of all time bro. Nah, he about to do some y shit here soon and it's gonna be like damn knew it was coming. NBA got one more year bro. One more year to deal with with they gonna get that organization together, get that roster together and it's gonna get spooky because when he gets to his prime start his prime year after next bro. Ain't nobody gonna give a fuck up bro.


That ain't gonna be his prime. Prime your prime when he like 26, 27 like the start. Well he a big man so I wanted to give him a little bit of a window because you know they'd be agent like milk sometimes so damn shit. But you know big make it hurt early on. I I just wanted him to kill but I think like you said bro, he's gonna rain for everyone once they get that team together bro win's. Unbelievable bro. Yeah you can't teach hype they just need some better players bro. He can't rock with his team though. They nah that's why said they, they gotta get that rock show on. Need some hell of a hell of a role. Shout out to everybody to play for Spurs now. I'm just saying y'all not Josh a solid. Yeah y'all not a good fit for winning boy. What the league trying to do with it? The league need the Spurs to be back with on pop level winning 40, 50 games a year at least bare minimum they gotta get him a pg.


I know Chris Ball down there too but they gotta get him a yo PG to to grow with him as well. Yeah but Manby is unbelievable. They would've been in the playoffs out east though. That's why I fuck with Weby because you, you in you out west bro. It's, it is wicked out there. They gonna, I think they got a chance to make the play because they over 500 they gonna, nah we gonna sha they definitely gonna make, they definitely make the play in. Nah, nah. Okay turn up. They definitely gonna make the play in but I mean I think Chris Paul doing a good job over there with them young guys so Nah for sure. That's why I said he took that group. Yeah but damn that's another one that's on their way out too. Damn cp. Come on man. We got the best era damn there.


Oh god. Basketball for real, for real? Mm because p CP is always talked in high regards in the the PG rays of all time. Yep. Dwayne Wade, nigga Kevin Durant, LeBron James SI don't know who our center is though. Dwight house gotta say Dwight him. They don't be top five in Dwight though but shit Dwight House disrespected though. I'm just saying our era so far as Hoopin James Harden. Damn They like we kick any here shit. Dwight's on all. I know what you're saying but he saying top five at the position all time. I'm saying like all these niggas like a lot of people feel like ain't too many niggas better than Chris Paul bro. Nah he, he Wayne Wade nigga Rudyard you kind of James hard.


You damn near top five Best all time nigga. And you we got Rus, we got the Bru Rus there ain't a lot of people better than Russell, Russ Brook either. Yeah, yeah, yeah we got, we got the youngest MVP ever in our era D Rose. Damn. And somebody brought this up, they put, they said Julius Red looked like Blake in Detroit and y'all got Blake Griffin fucked up when Blake Griffin was in Detroit it was up if he didn't get hurt bro. Blake was high MVP on that year. Blake was killing when he got to Detroit bro. Yeah he dragged him to the playoff. He did. I just loved knee too. He clippers though going crazy with one leg but a lot of people, I mean he love he wasn't as good as Blake Grip for neither bro. Blake was got hurt, he was nasty. He was nasty.


It was just comparing him to Charles Barkley and Malone and them. I ain't gonna do that to the nineties. Respect, that's all I would say. I won't go that far but I'm saying we really got people that's arguably top three five like yeah in our era like you know what I'm saying up so damn that is crazy. It might get spooky


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and critics choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is, They don't want me to be Timothy Chala, me astonishes as Bob Dylan in one of the best performances of the year. Be The bums of the year dime And critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason for It this Christmas They just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars R it's pure cinematic magic.


Turn it Down, play live direction And name to a FI and the National Board of Reviews. Top 10 films of the year Make some noise bd. Track some mud on a c. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only in Peter's Christmas day under 1790 middle Without parrot, Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need.


Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods where designer handbags are the real deal And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering Rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You guys know I'm always up for a good MVP story and one of the best is the story of Wasabi Technologies. Wasabi is purpose-built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys Wasabi is the world's hottest cloud storage company becoming the go-to provider for a professional and collegiate sports teams and leagues around the world. And here's why. From wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage wasabi air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, data deletion and ransomware. Wasabi's taken the lead in driving innovation and data storage eliminating overhead wear. It matters to deliver you results you can count on and won't break the bank. In fact, wasabi is up to 80% less than those other guys and doesn't charge a cent for businesses to access their own data. Wasabi another championship story. Check them out for free@wasabi.com


Was. Sure man. Listen y'all think when we go get A-D-P-O-I soon? Yeah, hell yeah. Yeah he probably get it next. Not this year, next year. Not this year. Next year you blocking shots like that. It's crazy. Hey might fuck around and get it this year. Nigga had 10 blocks other that they had a breakdown. It was like his last couple games he had like 29 blocks. I'm like bro's crazy. And he's, he the lead score. He got that team over 500 bro. That's nuts bro. It's gonna, it's gonna get ugly soon bro. Mm man. Maxie man. What you think they can do for that team to, to help him grow at this point? Because we ain't worried about nobody else in the team. You know PG gonna be the role player at B Play. What he want to, what they gotta do to help him flourish. He average 25 right now. 25 and five. That's also numbers. Right. Think he he yeah he's still gonna do his thing bro. It's just that team is is just disarray bro.


We we done paid pg so they gonna give him another chance. They stuck with Joelle. Joelle keep telling y'all Joelle 45. They not stuck with Joelle. If they decide to open shopper Joelle, people definitely would be interested. You gotta give them something though. They ain't just about to just let you just Yeah they ain't fire. Yeah they ain't gonna do that. That's why I'm saying they stuck. Who really gonna take your L and b? What you giving up? Shit, some teams will make it work bro. I don't think they, yeah they stuck. You think they stuck with BY know better than me. Shit I'm just saying. I don't know. You could trade to get your L and b like no you asking for Giannis, you asking for win B? You asking for Oh you bet. Load of expectations today. How you an mvp?


I'm gonna get you an MVP for some role player. What we doing Jen? I'm rolling with Y. Just saying I'm gonna have to make sense if you wanna make that move for sure. Listen Spurs right now. Ninth in the West. 76ers 10 to 17, 12th of the east. Man this is just crazy. Who just 76ers man? Like who the fuck is Canvas? Excuse me. Oh my, my little pass say Canvas beat Jazz. The Cs, I dunno who I, this nigga go to Europe for. Y'all know y'all be doing that in League Cavaliers Is that saying gang?


We ain't putting this one on my nigga Lou. Yes, we're he did it. Shout to Ludo. That's my dog, the Canvas. That's crazy. Shout out to the cam. We'll get to that game soon. The jab that's Thes. Okay. Nasty Work the Nuggets beat the sleeves off the suns yesterday. One 17 to 90. See the rules in effect. You don't score a hundred, you as my boy you ain't gonna win. You don't score over a hundred man. They are 500 right now. 11th in the west be here. What your sons gonna do man? It's 28 games man. It's they play 95. We good Shit. Carry the what? Fuck starting to get spooky over there. They ain't gonna play nine, five games. You losing ain't get no extra games in the NCAA tournament or the playoffs so it's spooky over there man.


We good bro. And it's unlikely that the heat moving Jimmy right now. Damn. What do you think they can do to turn the season around bro? They just gotta deal with it. Don't have to. You can't move him. They got a good core team though. And we out, they out east bro. They'll be able to compete anyways. Talking about the Sun, I about the heat. Oh I thought you said the heat. No, the heat they, they can figure out. I'm talking about the Suns. Oh okay. They, they not trading Jimmy right now. So Sons, I don't know man. They might be in trouble bro. I dunno. I got, I mean I think they still could be a playoff team. Yeah obviously they just gotta get it going but I mean we didn't expect the Spurs to have a better record than the Trevor Wilsons in the sons at this point in the season or any point came if it came down to it bro on the play and shit, they'll beat the hell out disperse nigga.


Just, I don't know. It is early y'all to me it is early but man it's, I only talk that talk after Allstar break any y'all got me. Okay. I get my real answers. Respect we we'll revisit this. Get well soon. Sons for show. They got some killers on there. They got figured out. Free coach Bud Rockets beat the horns yesterday. One 14 to 1 0 1 bar with crazy yesterday. 2111 Fred Ben Fleet 26 with miles from Crazy yesterday. 24 8. Meow to my dog no dub 86. This man with simple situation built to situation score win for the rock though. Good win. I mean I don't dunno if it's a good win 'cause it's the respectfully, it's just saying, but that's a good win. They, I'm just saying for them to keep winning For sure.


Houston is a good place to be right now. Always is hating the Cavaliers. A K Canvas. Beat the jazz yesterday. 1 24 to one 13 dg 23 8 Diamond Mitchell 22 and seven. He fucked up the parlay man. Yeah. Did you have it for 25 yesterday? Yeah. Damn. That's tough man. That's cool. Y'all got the dub though. That's what matters for Laurie Marketing 26 to seven. Jordan Clarks is 27 6. Free him for sure, man. Also, he lead the league in squabbles right now. That done depict of the last four years. Jordan Clark's gonna been wearing the score up with somebody every single year, bro. Yeah. Free my mans man. For sure. You think he gonna help a team right now? Yeah, he, he a dynamic scorer off the bench.


He could help a whole, a whole bunch of teams. He probably be on the trade block for sure. Sure man. Yeah, the jazz ain't got no motion going on anyway. They tanking for sure. Magic beat the Susie yesterday one way to 1 0 4, Jaylen Brown, 35 and nine Coach Mosley. He, I think that's his name. It he, Jay os show him some love man. He, he know how to just get guys to compete making it work. He definitely won Coach of the Year already. He ain't gonna be out Kenny Jackson, but he right behind him though for Oh, all, all my nigga got, I just beat the championship team. Gimme my trophy. Nah, he, he doing a hell of a job. He my trophy bro. He doing a hell of a job if he, if he get that team in the playoffs of that they got, I mean he probably won't get it bro, but he gonna have to get some respect bro, because there's no way if he get that team in the top four seat bro, give him a bonus or something bro.


He lost all his dogs bro. His nah, I mean he, he is still making it work. He coaching the hell outta no right now. That's crazy man. That's some different type of confidence. Shout out to Kenny though, you know what I mean? He, you know, Jeff was the only one that believed in the CS for sure. But for me to lose every one of my dogs bro. And everybody stepping up to the plate, the next man up and we winning. Come on bro. That's crazy. Plug and play mentality. We competing even when we losing, we competing. Nah for sure man. They got a hell of a team man. The magic. Shout to them man. PB get back soon. Go crazy. The Hawks carried the T Wolves yesterday. 1 17, 1 0 4. I told y'all that. Trey Young Queen nine seven. The real JR.


1913 and seven. I don't like it. You had grandpa court side man and caught the I that's tough. Tough move on. You wanna talk about that respect? I already knew what sound like a bad happened there? He beat the next yesterday 1 10 95 band with crazy. 23 7 7. Your favorite white boy. 17, 12 and nine. Tyler Hero nothing. Talk about there. They took care of business as usual. Good dub. Good Dub, good Dub. Knicks beat the rappers yesterday. 1 39, 1 25 Kat went crazy. 31 to 10 to seven OG 31 7 and four. Scotty Barnes 24 and eight.


Listen man we talked about who that third option was on the Knicks. OG being killing. Yeah, it might be og. OG being killing. Shout out to og get that revenge game back too. Yeah. Went back home and got right for sure. The Bucks beat the Bulls yesterday 1 12 91 Chris Millen 21 of five. Good sight for him. BP went crazy yesterday. 1913 and six. Damn good shit. Bobby P hey Bobby P be shooting like he no one option on the team and I fuck with it. 1913 and six is fire. That's a hard Stateline game. Didn't play Cole Statline where you know, step up to the play nasty man. My favorite thing was watching him in that N season turn championship game and they was just like, the stats don't count and they was just like, you can kind of tell niggas who shoot shots. They know it wouldn't take like I ain't, I ain't even fucking in my field guard procedure this up today.


Yeah, well I nigga a game like that a free game just to get your shit off. Facts for sure. Clippers beat the grid yesterday one fourteen, one ten. Call that one MP 29 James Harden 2189. I arrived with my nigga MP bro. I'm asleep on six rebounds from Triple J bro. I don't care who boxing out Jerry Jackson Jr. Can't have 24 6. I'm bro six rebounds ain't enough. Nothing bro. Y'all crazy. 23 6. But you said six rebounds ain't good enough. Allstar big. Josh's supposed to get six fours bro. Mm Damn Gimme gimme 10, gimme nine bro. Nor Powell really be killing me. Nah, he be hooping peasy bro.


You earned your name bro. You earned your Rucker Park name bro. I still, I know he brings up a lot but I still know the fact he was just like gon cool, let's get to shoot more so nah for sure he live his Rob right now and I'll fuck with that for sure. Thunder be the Wizards no surprise. 1 23 to 1 0 5 SG 41 to nine. Jordan Pool had 31 to seven. It hit one of the craziest shots bro. That volleyball line three was crazy and then he looked at the crowd, Hey I'm cop the Jordan pool jersey bro we locked in. That's my dog. He knew the type of shit I would do in the BA if I had talent bro. That shot was fucking hilarious bro. Shout to motherfuck jp. He getting back to it man they so sad. The pictures are terrible.


Shout to my boy. Shay killing them niggas. 41 and nine is crazy. That needs to be talked about a lot more too. Yeah because 41 is, I know we used to him doing that bro, but that's crazy. Yeah please. They had, wait, they had the nerve to clip up highlights for the Wizards. They out of pocket. I know that's the NBA site but don't you dare be giving us no wizards highlights. Yeah bro. So them minds my nigga. Yeah, with jp. That's a normal shot for him. Earl with jp. That ain't even the half course shot. That's his normal shot. Nah, that wasn't the one the the bullshit one is is coming up soon. Oh no they going through the whole game. Yeah, we don't have time for whole Wizard's highlight situation but yeah that shot is hilarious man. Shout to jp Mad beat the Blazer yesterday.


1 32 to 1 0 8 Luca 27, 7 and seven light work at the office. Kyrie 23 then to talk about the Air Blazers. Yeah. Killed as usual. Get Will soon Chauncey. That shit's still going as fucking hilarious by the way too. Nuggets we already talking about. Yeah, we already got there Christmas day, they got on there twice. That's crazy. Christmas day games man. How y'all feeling? First game Spurs at Knicks win versus Cat Really a weak lineup. Damn. You know you nothing on this lineup of games. Damn. Nah this, this lineup is kind of shitty. Alright, let's go through these games. Spurs at Nicks t, wolves at Mavs 70, Sixers at Celtics, RS at Warriors. And last but not least, nuggets at Suns shitty game.


Y'all ain't right. Y'all like none of them games shitty damn first. Did you get up? Wait you gonna say we look it up but how would you feel if you had to play on Christmas? Because I feel like that's not like a big promotion. Like yeah you get to play in front of everybody but who wanna work on Christmas? I'd be ready, I'd be, that'd be dope to me but shit, these are some shitty games. I know this was made before the season started and we expected some different outcomes for a lot of these teams. If we could remix these situations, who would y'all put some of these slot with? Some teams I think should get some of these situations. Like let's start off with disperse and Nicks. Who would y'all sub out the situation? I don't know but I want, I would rather see the Celtics versus the Mavs finals rematch on Christmas. Okay, I wanna see the Wolves versus the Knicks.


Mm You saw that it got spooky. I could do the nuggets and the songs but you know, I mean it is what it is. I get it wi be hopefully wi be Get 50 just to make it exciting. Go crazy in the garden one time. Yeah, at the guard moment. That'd be crazy. I think that Lakers Warriors game is gonna be good just because they led by older people so off a nostalgia trip we go get some of that. I don't know if the game's gonna be crazy but they just might not be both as good so it's a be entertaining game because LeBron might say I got him on my leg too though for Christmas but he, he might say nah I just wanna kick it with the fam so y'all go out and hoop, you know I mean I'm getting ready for the mic. We having a house party? Nah, Brian gonna kill Christmas bro if he do that bro. That's crazy. This might be one of his last Christmas games bro.


Y gonna be mad at Brian if he don't get 40, if will get 2060 years old. Yeah bro, long as he ain't getting out there getting like 15 or something like that. I'm cool bro. It's LeBron. I'm not asking him to go crazy bro. See DJ 15 is solid for LeBron? No bro. LeBron, I can't get 15. No it's LeBron James bro. I can't get 15, five and five on Christmas. No you came to league with 25 and five so don't gimme 15 five and five. I ain't worried about mind. This is crazy. I ain't worried about that man. It will soon bro. Bro go crazy bro. That's every CI at CELs game. We thought that was going to be amazing game when it was announced. They, I don't know if they knew that the NFL was on they ass this year but they're going against Beyonce during that primetime slot and it's gonna get real spooky.


What Beyonce doing? Oh the halftime show for the Ravens game on Netflix, Christmas. Oh it's over with NBA about to lose me myself and I bro. They gonna be pissed about it. Damn boy. Beyonce a legend up to scope for sure. Any other teams y'all think it should have been in this situation or y'all y'all would to swap out into? I would like to see a younger team get a little bit more Sean, I know they don't flex these type of games today, prepare ahead of time but I would love to see OKC playing with Christmas as good as they're right now. Yeah OKC wouldn't have been bad. Yeah that's probably probably okc. Even the Grizzlies the team by Jo. Like I would like to see that like those are some of the teams I think they should have put 'em slot but I mean again in hindsight it's crazy because we thought that all these matchups beginning of the year would be elite.


We thought that 76 Celtics game would be crazy. T was Mavs Scott probably matched be crazy the Celtics or the Bucks play the Knicks. I don't wanna see this spurge bro. I ain't gonna cap. I don't either. Yeah I would a Buck Knicks and no one would've been fire. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Hell lemme see Dame. I know Dame going you know show up for the holiday. I don't know what Yeah I'm, yeah I'm cool Off the Spur. Alright so which game? Which game y'all gonna talk to your family y'all? Probably all of them. I probably, I'd probably still be asleep on a Knick. Yeah I'll be up but I'm probably up cleaning my house. Yeah I'm I'm gonna bust some moves around that seven, six ERs Chelsea game. That's when we go see family who ain't around me. I don't think y'all understand how many trips I have to take with box empty boxes broke to the dumpster bro.


It it be during these hours of these games bro. So my Thursday recap might be a little, might be a little wicked live from the U-Haul Bishop Hendricks for sure. Alright man, verify buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? Probably my boy SGA for sure. 41. 41. I gotta, you gotta get it bro. 41 is, I mean I ain't say it light but him being consistent like he has all year. I gotta give it to him for sure man. Show man bro love man. 28 11, 11 bro at 55 years old is still elite man. Gotta show some respect to bro even though he lost the pistons. I'm gonna go with Kat man. 31, 10 and seven Elite. They're playing great for New York.


Knicks found his swag back when he got to New York now he one of the elite bigs. He already was great but now he back to being top three in the league. Happy to see it for sure man. Hey shout out to Kat bro. You've been feeding families on Draft King. I appreciate you nasty. He cover every time I put him on my ticket number. Love for Kat. I'm so love Jalen Brown too. I know they called it L but 35 and nine is nothing to be disrespected all by you was hooping. Especially way that he plays basketball. Gotta show some love for sure. Alright man, one last one for the holiday who need some encouragement going to Christmas. Be here, get well soon. Right. Andre Drummond man killed him. Johnson booming on him like that. We got the clip. Hey man first of all getting fake eject from the game and then getting dunked on is crazy.


They don't got the clip. There we go. Michael's quick. We do Got it Baseline. Hey my boy Dre gotta cut that fro killing out the hooping and t-shirt turn up. That floor is disgusting. That floor is crazy. Your ass dunked on Damn man you well sold my boy. I ain't gonna lie. The black T under that jersey tough. Yeah that's far That that jersey tough. I ain't gonna lie. That shit tough. Was this shit a little loose though? Yeah. Damn. Yeah that that's definitely nice T-shirt. I yeah too.


What the fuck y'all was out pocket? That's a hell of a question. God these is crazy man. I'm gonna go with Jabari Smith. Man had a great game yesterday but you know what I'm saying. It got wicked. What happened to Jabari Smith? Man? Who the fuck MB Kamar. What's some niggas in the NBA boy? I got some names. Y'all on this damn tough punch. Hey to Body Chris Brown got is that pause? That's a song though. Hey I was gonna say if the high don't works today, we watched the whole Wizards highlight. I was about to be all we outta pocket as a team. Who? That big man right there. You big in the motherfucker.


Is that George Mercer? Who is that? For The black. Oh that's the Killen dude I forgot Boomed on yesterday about my own me. Hey they the free fight make it worse. Damn that's that nigga from Yukon. Big man from Yukon. Oh they look silly out that knee brace is crazy. Alright, how he run? Hey Yeah he running with his wrist bro. He look crazy out there. That's how you know I ain't watched the look. I ain't seen Blazers. I ain't know who that nigga was. You had no biz watching the Blazers. Even BLS fans are watch them games. That's a nasty ticket man.


Alright, be here. Listen man it's the last one before Christmas. People trying to save you. What you got for him man? Mer Christmas day they trying to have a good one. Very Christmas only at Draft Kings. The Crown is yours. Jalen Brunson. 20 points. Mm. Anthony Edwards. 20 points. Luca will score 30 on the Timberwolves on Christmas. Jason Tatum, 25. Joel MB 25. LeBron 20. Anthony Davis, 25. Steph Curry 20. I got KD getting 30 on the Nuggets and Jamal Murray getting 20. Okay, well we wind off that. What was this? Bet it was like, damn, where is it? I can't even fart it. The crown is yours. The crown is not yours. Damn. Draft keys. Oh, they suspended my shit, y'all. My bad. Why should have suspended? You've been crashing out too much. If you, if you need Gambler Anonymous, use the number. If they disable your account, call the number. What are we doing? You guys probably have to put it back in Christmas, but that's hilarious. Okay. 50 for two racks. Yeah, 52 bands, man. $50 Get you two right. Tap in before they flag you as well and tell you that you need to call and get some help on my shit. Red like a above the crown is yours. The Crown is Georges you Promo Club five 20. Get you a little something extra. Y'all have a good Christmas. We'll be back on Thursday five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


You, you,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah, because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the Garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again, podcast life. Short talk, fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.